🎵
Your mind is completely relieved and becomes pure and tranquil as it gives itself in complete
surrender to a positive new pattern of perfect happiness and restoration.
Day by day, you will become more and more relaxed.
Each day, you will experience a new delightful sense of quiet peace and perfect contentment.
This enjoyable sensation will launch you into a quiet sea of heavenly peace and harmony,
where you will float in a pleasant rhythm.
🎵
🎵
🎵
The Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Here on KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
The Subgenius Radio Ministry hours of Slack.
And friends, this is one to keep those headphones on, keep those tape decks recording and bootlegging
because this show in particular is going to be filled with music.
Oh, oh, oh.
of all kinds.
You'll see this right now is
a great new subgenius,
Zug's Rift.
And you can actually find this one at the
record store, strangely enough. Almost everything else here played tonight on the
Hour of Slack,
sponsored by Canoana, the church of the subgenius.
These aren't things that you can buy in the stores,
generally.
But you can call the Willa Dobbs here
at 823-7490 or 828-9500
and find out where to find out that information because
we can't tell you tonight, but you can write
the post office box that comes at the end of the broadcast.
Adieu, friends. Oh, yeah.
Happiness and security.
Refreshed and gloriously alive with a firm conviction
that each day will bring forth
a definite change for the better within you.
Yeah, well, that's what they all say.
And in all of your affairs.
But I've got this great new theme music. Actually, we've used this stuff before a long time ago.
Some of y'all might remember this. We have no idea where it comes from.

Some of y'all might remember this. We have no idea where it comes from.
But I think you'll agree that this is the perfect opening music for the hour of slack.
You know that it is showtime
And it ain't your time
And the show must not only be
Come with me and you will see
We are stepping high
What is the name of our show?
Stepping high
Stepping high
Stepping high, high, high
Now, boys and girls
Let's see if we can dance
To the rhythm of stepping high
If you are ready
Let's go and dance
Let's do that time step and dance
Dance to the music of stepping high
Stepping high
High in the sky
We will dance
And swing
We'll sing to please you
You
You
I'm stepping high, high, baby
But don't forget that I am here
Yes, dear friends, that man is driven by Bob Dobbs.
He's gotta be.
He's gotta be.
This is Ken Yardine.
Sometimes I wonder if I know where I'm going.
I go for a walk like this.
And it seems...
It seems...
It seems...
I have been walking for years and years and years.
And I don't know where I'm going.
I hear the sound leading me on.
And I don't know where it is taking me.
I see people rushing someplace.
They seem to know where they're going.
And they're getting there in such a hurry.
But where am I going?
You know where you're going.
Maybe you could tell me.
And then I could go along with you.
What's the matter with you, bud?
You in a fog?
I'm sorry.
I figure that someday everything will clear up.
And then I'll know where I'm going.
Sometimes I feel as if I'm getting closer.
Like now.
Here.
Here.
Yes, I am getting closer.
You hear?
The sound is getting louder.
Yes.
But it's getting blacker.
And blacker.
And blacker.
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
And unless and until someone or something gets you straightened around so that you know which direction to travel, you just don't amount to very much.
You're not worth anything to yourself and you're not worth anything to anybody else.
Tonight we're broadcasting violence and radicalism.
Tonight we're broadcasting violence and radicalism.
Tonight we're broadcasting violence and radicalism.
Tonight we're broadcasting violence and radicalism.
Brit!
Briton!
There is none righteous, no not one.
There is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God.
They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable.
There is none that doeth good, no not one.
Verse 14.
Whose mouth is full of cursing and bitterness.
Their feet are swift to shed blood.
Destruction and misery are in their way, and the way of peace have they not known.
There is no fear of God before them.
their eyes. These verses, whether we admit it or not, are a description of all of us before we came
to the knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ. And these are for all of us. And when Paul wrote here
to the Colossians, he was saying to them, that's your past. He said in verse 21, and you that were
sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked work, yet now have dereconciled, and we
were all alienated in our minds by wicked works. That's our past. That was their past. And that's
our past tonight. That's the past. But the second thing we see is the present.
We must endeavor to permeate every facet of American society.
It got crowded in the closet, so we're finally coming out.
We're thumping on our Bibles and building up our clout. We're all the Lord's lieutenants,
and there's nothing we can't do to prove it. We're now making our political debut.
Oh, we're the moral majority.
We're holier than thou. By God, we're here to tell you what we will and won't allow.
We're out to purge the nation of its humanistic bent. A separate church and state, we've simply
given up for left. Don't get us wrong. We still believe that prayers will save our souls.
But when we want them answered, we'll say them at the polls. And talk about successes,
we're as bad as we can be.
We've moved Bonzo to D.C.
We socked it to McGovern and to Culver Church and by.
We'll stack them up like cordwood, cause God is on our side.
And that was just a preview of 1982.
What we've got planned is sure to put the fear of God in you.
Cause we're the moral majority.
You'd better mend your ways. When we get done with liberals, we're going after gays.
And once they see the light, we'll have to concentrate on Jews.
But what with all these commies, it'll be so hard to choose.
I want to talk to you about heaven.
You know, some of us are going to get there, and some of us are going to get there rich.
But no one's going anywhere on a skimpy.
You are my sheep, and as your shepherd, I want to please increase your odds for salvation.
As the good book says in Philodendron 713, you ain't going to get nothing for nothing.
It takes money to run this church, the TV programs, and my Cadillac.
You have any idea what just one of these little pinky rings cost me?
We never seem to get good press. It's always filthy lies.
Why, you can call my wife right now. I never proselytize.
And if we burn a book or two, it's cause they're so obscene.
And heading up our list right now is Penthouse Magazine.
Cause we're the moral majority. We're launching our attack.
We'll ride the train to glory, cause we got the inside track.
We've got the goods on ERA, so two has got to go.
They're never going to get us.

There was the slightest doubt the Bible tells us so.
I don't care if it rains or freezes.
I don't care if it rains or freezes.

You're peeking in your windows, looking under your bed.
You're searching in your closet, looking wires up to your head.
You're checking out your urine, you're checking it twice.
So there ain't no doubt about who's naughty and who's nice.
We listen to your records and read your magazines.
In order to determine which of them are true.
We don't like quotes from Darwin.
It's cool to show us texts.
So we're getting rid of a murder stemming ways next.
So praise the Lord.
Pass the scissors.
We got a lot of work to do.
Watch what you smoke and watch what you drink.
Watch what you watch and watch what you think.
Cause you know that we are.
As we cut and paste and burn and tear.
And cover a statue of cubic hair.
And pass the big leagues.
I'll be an accident.
Our kids are buying porno.
Right underneath their nose.
A picture of McDonald's.
In sin inducing clothes.
Well how can little Johnny be expected to resist.
Something as erotic and as temptuous as this.
Now we're so busy fighting.
To save the world from ruin.
That there's no time to check on what little Johnny's doing.
So we'll just pass the big leagues.
And watch what we're doing.
We're something out of books.
No more responsibility.
It lets us off the hook.
Let's face it.
What you see in your alley.
Is the only way to watch.
And if you want to press reviews.
It's simple.
All you gotta do is.
Hire some lawyers.
And work real hard.
Get on TV.
Soon it's likely you will be.
In Congress.
Now we got beliefs.
Just like you and you and you.
But the difference between us is.
That our beliefs are true.
Now we're talking on some talk shows.
And making up our facts.
We're thinking inconvenience.
So we can play a boy off the racks.
We're strong and getting stronger.
And we're starting to get away.
The truth is we can hardly wait.
Until election day.
We daydream of controlling.
The whole of government.
We've even found a candidate.
To run for president.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Mr. Pat Robertson.
We're so happy.
You've helped the world.
Multiple RSVPs are guess my wounds.



Oh yes dear friends.
That last one was came in a home
recordings sampler.
that was sent to us last week from the Free Fox group.
That was Voodoo Mark, dear friends, doing a song called Censored.
And what you're hearing now is Reverend D.K. Jones.
Actually, D.K. Jones and John Holbrook.
And what is it?
We've got an important message here that just walked in the door
about the Profit Bar.
Friends, there's a TABC music marathon, art auction, band auction,
beer bash after 12 o'clock midnight tonight.
Scambo birthday party with Loco Gringos, Deep Ellum Jam.
Bring all donations, friends, to keep the Profit Bar open.
ASAP, or there will be no more tomorrow.
And friends, it must be serious,
because the Profit Bar representatives have actually
ventured into the very guts of the Hour of Flag
to deliver this message.
Oh, man.
So do it. Why not?
What have you got to lose?
A little time, maybe?
Why clutter up your world with a lot of hard-to-perceive subtlety?
You either like a thing or you don't.
And in your case, it's the former.
That's why we like you.
And that's why we're always looking for quicker, easier ways to tell you so.
Slogans.
Jingles.
Logos.
Ways of reaching out and touching you the way you want to be touched.
Slightly.
Were we?
Yes.
We were.
We're the real people.
The people who make you real.
So real you can almost hear yourself.
More real than you've ever been before.
But then, you've never been at all before us.
In fact, nothing has.
And not even very much of that.
Not even this sentence.
Because when we say disposable,
we could mean just about anything.
Oh, thank you, Michael Pepe.
Yes, I've been playing little bits and pieces of that rant for quite a...
One of these days, I'm just gonna force y'all to hear every bit of it.
Oh, with DK Jones in the background.
And so we move on to Plato's Nightclub by Reverend Clay Animation.
Another inexplicable one.
Yeah, I'm trying to be skeptical.
Try this simple test.
Execute a low block to defend yourself.
Then in order to prevent your opponent from attacking again,
it is recommended that you quickly apply a counterattack,
such as a reverse straight middle punch.
The primary target of this counterattack should be a counterattack.
The second one is to be the eyes, if possible.
So the opponent is first blinded before you follow through
with a second punch to the solar plexus or a kick to the groin.
But we must set as our goal not just limiting,
but reducing, and finally destroying these terrible weapons
so that they cannot destroy civilization.
Nothing can stop the United States of America.
That's the thing that separates the U.S. of A,
from the Red Shinks and all the mother losers.
And it says there are any cares or problems
that have been set aside, and nothing matters.
Remember to kick...
It's almost over.
It's called carbotrialka.
It's almost over.
It's almost over.
The last page in the book is turning.
And I bowed my head for the last time, and I said, God.
That's some great and beautiful music we've been playing these past four years,
but the way I see it from here on is shake, rattle, and roll.
I'm proud of the American Revolution,
and such a warming could be the result of the greenhouse effect.
I don't think any of us looks forward to people being executed.
I wish there never had to be one.
Remember Ballad of the Green Berets?
This is by Pink Bob.
Pink Bob, he calls himself.
Finding soldiers from the sky.
Fearless men who jump and die.
Men who mean just what they say.
The brave men of the Green Beret.
Silver wings upon their chests.
These are men, America's best.
One hundred men we'll test today.
But only three win the Green Beret.
Trained to live off nature's land.
Trained in combat, hand to hand.
Men who fight by force.
By night and day.
Courage beat.
From the Green Beret.
Silver wings upon their chests.
These are men, America's best.
One hundred men we'll test today.
But only three win the Green Beret.
Back at home a young wife waits.
Her Green Beret has met his fate.
He has died for those oppressed.
Leaving her.
For the poor.
And his last request.
Put silver wings on my son's chest.
Make him one of America's best.
He'll be a man.
He'll test one day.
And he'll win the Green Beret.
Cha, cha, cha.
Would you like to be drafted?
I wouldn't mind.
I plan on serving in the service anyway.
Well, you could probably handle a rifle or carry one of those automatic rifles very well.
How much do you weigh?
About a hundred and twenty-five.
Well, you gain a little weight and probably make a fine soldier.
Actually, there's nothing wrong with women serving in the armed forces.
The women of many nations have fought alongside their men.
in Nigeria, for example?
Well, I don't know.
I think that even if they are not big enough to carry a rifle and fight,
you could serve in death jobs.
It takes up the men's time that they could be fighting.
Did you help celebrate the women's lib movement here in Dallas recently?
No, sir, I didn't, because the women that want to be liberated don't want to be drafted.
Well, I've seen a few of these women who want to be liberated,
and I guarantee you that they have their problems there.
It will take a national movement for a man to get close to them.
I may say that.
It's going to take something.
I'll tell you it is.
All right, thank you very much, sweetheart.
Yes, sir.
Bye.
747-9981.
Have you seen my girlfriend?
She lives in a pig pen.
Have you seen my girlfriend?
I can't seem to find her.
Perhaps she is hiding underneath a plate of grass.
Let's dig the hole there.
Let's dig the hole there.
Let's dig the hole.
Let's dig the hole there.
Let's dig the hole there.
Let's dig the hole there.
Have you seen my new house?
Looks just like a dog house.
Have you seen my new house?
Someone saw it walking straight into the ocean.
Thought it was an ivory boat.
Let's dig the hole there.
Let's dig the hole there.
Let's dig the hole there.
Let's dig the hole there.
Let's dig the hole there.
Let's dig the hole there.
Let's dig the hole there.
Let's dig the hole there.
Let's dig the hole there.
Let's dig the hole there.
Let's dig the hole there.
Let's dig the hole there.
Let's dig the hole there.

Maybe
It's just a bad dream and I'll wake up soon
But I don't think I'll be so lucky
Maybe
It's just one of those strange days
When nothing's right, no, nothing seems right at all
Went up to a payphone on a bathroom wall
But I can't remember who I wanted to call
Operator, can you help me?
His wife was a spent piece of used jet trash
Made good Bloody Marys, kept her mouth shut most of the time
A little chihuahua named Carlos
That had some money in her pocket
Had some kind of skin disease and was totally blind
They had a thoroughly modern kitchen
Soft cleaning oven the whole bit
Frank drove a little sedan
They were so happy
We've encountered some metathons from the police
Attention Earth people
I bring you warning from the planet Expenses
We Expenselings have the power to destroy K-N-O-N
And the music that you love to hear
K-N-O-N plans to retaliate with a summer pledge drive
Starting June 22nd through the 28th
So if you want your music
And K-N-O-N to live
You had better give
Beware Earth people
Beware
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Tonight's episode of the Hour of Slack is going to be a little bit different than the other ones we've been talking about

The Hour of Slack is underwritten by the Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company
Pilgrim
The Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company
Fine purveyors of Dobbs approved church wear
Including t-shirts, buttons, and custom made Dobbs golf shirts
That's the Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company
Serving the public since God knows when
At P.O. Box 595-148 Dallas, Texas
75353
559-5148
Thanks Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company for supporting K-N-O-N
And the Hour of Slack
K-N-O-N-O-T-S-S-H-I-G-U-P-S
Shake
Shake
Shake
Going to have a good time
I'm gonna kind of color this as a globurger
I shouldn't be Также contaminating theни
I'm not sure I'm calling the wrong time
Just Pick a Line?
Take a letter, like a friend.
Take a letter, like a friend.

Take a letter, like a friend.
Take a letter, like a friend.
Just get crazy, girl.
You bet.
In the old times.
I had to.
I never forget.
Better than the day.
Just get crazy.
It's a selfish love that the originator was arrested on.
I'm charging you with four counts for attempted murder and illegal possession of a gun.
Take a letter, like a friend.
Take a letter, like a friend.
Take a letter, like a friend.
Love is gone.
Come on, let's get there.
Shucks.
Now I'm not sure how I'm supposed to explain that I'm giving away a gut stick that drove a vehicle.

I'm a fucking dubter, happy bus.
Tell me why you're afraid to say I'm alive.
Just better than a faffing § me.
Just give me five food.
It's been for ages with four嘛
anyone at home now
Oh, yes, dear friends.
This is Reverend Don Truby you're listening to off his post-hip Gnosis album.
And while I'm at it, I ought to...
Well, no, I'll get to that later.
This song won't last long enough for me to get to it now.
So we'll just go straight to the guest testimonial here.
Testimonial from a dear friend.
Around this time, a kindly reverend came along.
He asked me if I knew Bob as my personal savior.
Of course, I recoiled at such a thing.
Oh, no, I said.
I gave it the office.
Well, he patiently told me he knew of my inner turmoil.
He gave me a phone number.
Just a phone number.
Counselors will be available day and night, he told me.
I prepared to toss it away.
After all, I could make it on my own.
I didn't need Bob.
But having the answer, I was able to get rid of Bob.




The number began to pull at me.
I, one lonely night, went over to the computer
and with shaky fingers, dialed the number of Bulldada BBS.
Somehow, I made it to the subjunius files.
Reading through them, I knew I had arrived home.
They were talking about me.
I just had to join.
I knelt down and said in a loud cry,
Oh, Bob, I know now.
A heavenly sound tingles in my heart.

I heard it crackled in my ears.
The sound of being logged off for no more time.
Since then, the going has been rough.
All my friends look at me with the evil eye.
Look as they quickly cover themselves with wolf's bane
to arm themselves against me.
And a horror of horrors,
I have lost my access to that wonderful Christian BBS,
The Ark.
But I am happy in the knowledge
of I now know it all.
And Bob,
is responsible.
Bob is so neat because I tell him what his will is
and he lets me do it.
And if I want something,
I just put in an order with him.
Oh, thank you, dear Reverend Frank.
Now friends, I gotta talk.
This is the swinging love corpses running in the background here.
And, uh, I need to, I need to talk to you.

I need to, uh,
bring, this is a project I'm working on personally.
But I need help.
I need the help from, from y'all.
And that's help with drugs, dear friends.
I need help with drugs.
Uh, drugs are of interest to some of our Slack listeners,
I think, for, for four different kinds of reasons.
Well, I hope this next music coming up here is okay.
Uh, one reason is, of course, a lot of subgeniuses just plain like to get high.
And those are the Hedonites, you know,
the hedonistic type subgeniuses.
Second group are people with a sincere interest in, uh, altered states,
the kind of misto scientific interest.
Uh, third group is, uh, people who probably almost got killed,
got in the air at any rate, got in terrible trouble with drugs
and want to prevent it happening to others.
And, of course, the fourth kind is the people who hate all drugs
without really knowing what's going on.
Now, I want to put together a book.
I just finished my second book, so this is for real.
I want to put together a book of, uh,
haunted bad trip anecdotes, dear friends,
uh, in your own words, or your friends' own words.
Uh, I guess the, uh, only, uh, logical name for a book like this would be
Bummer.
But it'd be a, a collection of, uh, of bummer tales, folks.
And, uh, I want you to start sending those in.
I'm gonna mention this every now and then on the Hour of Slack, uh,
uh, because it's a, a socially redeemable sort of, uh, uh,
cause, uh, in other words, for, for the youth of America, uh,
who are, might be, uh, considering, uh, a heavy psychedelic dose.
This is the kind of thing that just might make them go,
heh, heh, maybe I'll wait.
Maybe, maybe I'll wait until I'm about 50 or so.
Uh, and for, for those who, for whom it's just too late to be helped, boy,
it would be a barrel of laughs.
So, uh, do send those in, too.
And I'm gonna read this box, the number again at the end of the broadcast.
This is also where to write for information about any of the stuff, uh, we're playing.
And that's, uh, write to, to Bob.
Uh, either Will or I'll probably actually, uh, open the envelope.
But, uh, you never know.
You never know.
That's Bob at P.O. Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Once again, that's P.O. Box 140306.
Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Hoo!
.

.
.
.
.
Ohhh my god.
Take a look at this thing.
It's a Sioux topping on a



.
.
You're mixing it up.
That's the educational channel.
No.
Genius hearings.
Look, see, there you are testifying again.
That's a rerun from yesterday.
They think they're going to fool the American public,
playing the same confessions over and over again.
Look, I was drunk.
I mean, that was fake.
I mean, that's not me.
You can tell that's not me.
That's this other Dallas guy who looks like me.
They paid him to get up there and confess to all sorts of ridiculous things,
like working for a living and so forth.
Things a subgenius minister would be cocked dead doing.
I don't get it.
Look.
And look, in fact, I mean, I don't care how repugnant the idea of prairie squid,
physical love with a land mollusk,
may be repugnant to some of these more polished ears of these San Francisco liberals.
We're going to nail these guys, let me tell you.
I think so.
We got enough lawyers.
We got enough money.
We got time.
We got press releases, I think.
That's right.
We have the sponsors, the listeners.
The gabble, the gabble.
We got it.
Yes, we got to keep the sponsors happy, PM.
Now, I've got a great new program in mind.
If you can just sit down in the conference room and we'll review it.
Okay, well.
Show it to us.
Plug it into the VCR here.
Yes, let's put it on the stand and see who testifies.
What to do if you are confronted with excessive show.
Okay.
Okay, we can spin off.
We can have a spin off.
There's a lift.
It is charming.
I'm not sure having a computer generated Robbins there is a two derivative.
Good afternoon.
I am a Hal 1000 computer.
Well, the survey tested 25 suggestive words and phrases,
all less sensitive than the...
famous quote seven dirty words.
Turns receiving the highest unfavorable reaction were prairie squid, slack.
Very good.
Absolutely.
I'm a challenge.
Hello, this is Dr. Chris and your tour to WFMU,
pathologically speaking,
where I will, uh,
try to educate the public on everything you've always wanted to know about prairie squid,
but were afraid to ask.
Most people today,
whether they are single,
married,
divorced,
monogamous,
gregarious,
or even downright slutty,
are unaware of the importance of the nearly instinct prairie squid.
This widespread ignorance is the cause of much dissatisfaction with regards to our slippery habits.
For sake of saving our went-on, we will make a list of the reasons before We invite Dr. Geoffrey Tellman.
That prairie squid
is an intelligent,
albeit wild,
crazy
and unpredictable mollusk
whose body is long, tubular,
having two cardinal fins,
hair Tree dragon fruit clausungs,
ELC lean Soleil mantis wasp,
insane elongate anticipated
霧
Or should I say I when the prairie is excited?
To Trelia relocated M dying.
In the instance of being engaged in the act of social
Educa and företor boy ac feeding her familiesarms,
therein they still had a powerful participation in Tuesday. Clea道
a copious amount of black ink. It is this ink that is used to enhance the sensations
inherent in what the teenagers of today anachronistically call squidding. It is sad to note that our
friend, the prairie squid, is no longer an integral part of our modern relationship.
They have been shunned by the puritanical segment of society and have been herded into
these so-called prairie squid reservations. It is on these reservations that the prairie
squid is harassed, abused, and what have you, by the neo-Nazi groups who even go so far
as to leech these creatures. They become self-pitying, fourth-class citizen mollusks, suffering from
such psychological problems as alcoholism, drug abuse, gambling, depression, and most
tragically, suicide.
There is a whole range of ways to destroy the prairie squid, including the use of sex


future for the prairie squids thanks to the efforts of the subgenius foundation
they are establishing save our prairie squid centers all across the US to
combat the malicious neglect and prejudice against the prairie squid food
shelter and recreation programs utilizing purient underground adult
comic books are just at the beginning for our struggle to reinstate the prairie
squids to the rightful place in the master bedrooms of the world but this
this requires money and the subgenius foundations funds for the SOPS programs
are dwindling to dangerous levels so please would you find it in your heart
to give to the save our prairie squid program for more information write to
the subgenius foundation at P O box 14030
306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
And always remember, use condiments and good squidding.
They shall be from the third book of Gaddis, the words of the prophet
McCandless.
And he said unto them, if there are forces of evil in Hypochondria,
then they have to be the fundamentalists.
Look you at the brawls over equal time in the schools for teaching evolution
and this laundered genesis they palm off as creation science.
Well, there can't be a creation without a creator.
If there's a clock, there must be a clockmaker.
Oh, they've got all the answers.
Show them a zircon from Mount Naria in Australia that's 4 billion years old.
Show them these fossilized skeletons of Proconsul Africanus from 18 million
years.
They're just a bunch of
They'll point to a billion-year-old Precambrian rocks on top of Cretaceous shale to disprove
geological sequence and lump the whole thing into the flood.
And God destroyed the earth's inhabitants with water because of man's wickedness.
And Noah only remained alive and they that were with him in the ark.
And the whole geological record goes down into 40 days of rain.
They go on and on about how we've been brainwashed by evolution theory, but we can't produce
the missing link.
Then they jump on the Piltdown fraud and the Nebraska man that turned out to be a pig's
tooth.
So the missing link is a fraud.
Evolution is all a fraud.
Geology, astronomy, physics, all of it's a fraud.
But there's nothing in there about the flood that's going to change the future of the world.
Nothing about the fossil fragments of the Samburu hills where the strat is 15 million years
old.
Nothing about those fossil bones and 3 million years of volcanic ash up in the Afar triangle.
Nothing about all those hominin fossils at that site in the Gregory Rift.
No, they wanted the missing link produced right now.
And you know the whole time it was standing up there in front of them, braying about the
powers of darkness.
It's not my word is likened to the fire, saith the Lord, and like a hammer that breaks
off the rock.
Well, yes, stupidity is like that.
You put a hammer in its hand and everything looks like a nail.
It's the same thing they're up to out there on the television channels.
That video freak show telling the ignorant that this fool, gospel witnessing is the only
weapon we've got against the spread of Marxism even unto darkest Africa.
Fighting those forces of evil that want to stop their glorious mission of spreading stupidity
from one end of a dark continent to the other.
And I'm not talking about ignorance, friends.
I'm talking about stupidity.
If you want ignorance, you can find it right there at that site on Lake Rudolph, right
up there in the Gregory Rift.
Hominid fossils, stone tools, hippo bones, all of it caught in a volcanic burst two or
three million years ago.
That was ignorance.
But that was also the dawn of intelligence.
And what we have here and now is its eclipse.
Stupidity is the deliberate cultivation of ignorance.
That's what we've got here.
These smug born again idiots with their pious minds.

They just can't stand the idea that they're descended from that gang at Lake Rudolph banging
around with their stone hammers trying to learn something.
No, no.
They think God put them here in their cheap suits and their bad neckties in his own image.
Did you know that almost half the damn people in this country believe that man was created
about eight or 10,000 years ago, pretty much like he is today?
That's right.
They believe that.
All of this despite the fossil record going back billions of years.
And they're not just trying to make us believe that.


And of course, the record is full of gaps, full of arguments as to how evolution really
happened.
And so they use those to say that it never did happen.
We have the questions and they have all the answers.
They dress up Genesis and call it science.
They go back from Malachi counting up all those begats and begats and begats.
And the creation took place on October 26, 4004 B.C. at 9 a.m. bingo.
Now that's what they call the scientific method.
Anybody see it?
No.









No.
It's revealed.
Yes, friends.
It's revealed right here in the first couple of pages of Genesis.
It's what you call revealed wisdom.
We talk about having business with the Bible, walk down any street and smack over Georgia.
Somebody you've never seen in your life comes right up and asks you if you've been saved,
if it was any of his damn business.
But he thinks it is.
The prevailing IQ in this country is about 100 or slightly lower.
Great dogs talk about Africa, the dark continent.
This is the dark continent.
It's a dark continent.







And I'll tell you something, this revelation, revelation is the last refuge ignorance finds
for reason.
Revealed truth is the one weapon stupidity's got against intelligence.
And that's what the whole damn thing is all about.
Look at that judge down in Georgia who said that until textbooks were changed to the Christian
ethic, there was no possibility that crime, violence, venereal disease and abortion rates
would decrease.
And what about that?
What about those charming literary hit squads right here in Texas who keep an eye out for
school books and undermine patriotism, free enterprise, religion or parental authority?
Nothing official, of course, just your good American vigilante spirit hunting things down.
Well, you can't have books that erode absolute values by asking questions to which they offer
no firm answers.
You see, you can't do that.
Same damn thing all over.
We've got a lot of questions, but they've got all the answers.
And they're up there busy advising the state committees on school books.
And there must be over 25 states in the union where school boards cannot buy textbooks that
have not been selected by the state committee.
Boy, you think Texas want one that talks about land distribution in Central America or any
place else?
You think Mississippi wants a history book that tells the kids that Nat Turner was anything
but a coon show?
You talk about censorship and they'll howl like stuck pigs.
No, no, no, they don't censor.
They let the publisher do it for them.
60, 70 million dollars a year.
That's what Texas spends on school books.
And with that kind of money, the addition is so big it wipes out anything else.
Well, do you think any publisher wants to stay in business and make money?
It's not easy.
Oh, dear friends, that was the amazing and startling G. Gordon Gordon.
I'm not sure when that thing ends.
That rant, for all I know, could go on for days.
If this cassette was in the air, it would be a great thing.








Yeah, it's a 24 hour cassette.
Sure enough.
I bet it does.
Oh, once again, you can write for that information.
From P.O.
Box 1403 06, Dallas, Texas 75214.
So spookier than ever.
No, he wasn't drunk.
He was.
It was just his way.
Yeah.
What?
You ordered through specials.
What's wrong?
This will mean the extinction of all existing life forms.
You haven't even tasted it yet.
What do you ask?
You know, how silly.
It's like a psychic boomerang.
I can't believe this planet.
Fried eggs.
Yeah.
Oh, well.
Tastes like a chicken.














What happened?
How the hell did you do that?
My powers are growing.
Watch out!
It is time now.
What's that?
It is the code key.
It will activate the laser spectroscope when I use it tonight
to bring down the other dark overlords.
The others?
Now he's got a whole gang.
Well, screw them.
Then he thought to himself,
our timing will be perfect.
The eggs will hatch at the exact moment we land.
No one in the Shining Realm suspects what is about to happen,
not even Dargon.
The rest will be history.
Oh, piss.
Holy piss.
It's a horrible thing, this show.
It is.
And no one's ever treated it off, either.
Yeah.
If ignorant isn't bliss,
I don't know what...
I don't know what it is.
But maybe it's not bliss.
Well, who knows?
It's easy.
Ah, radio.
All over you.
We'll be awake soon.
Okay.
What we'd like to do now, of course,
is remember the...
which a lot of people would miss.
And the bus plugs...
That was easy.
...up the bridge and into the icy...
Now I can comprehend.
...yacht of Potawatomi.
Now I genuinely understand.
But what's that button report?
...wise one...
...is lost at this particular time.
That's what it really...
...is.
...is.









...opens as.
We learned how to do that some years ago,
and now look at us.
We are here, successfully on the air.
YouTube caller can have this show if you want.
Just come on down and don't play stuff like that.
You'd better listen up, general public, because...
If you obey society's rules,
you will be society's fools.
You will obey, and then disobey.
You disobey, but then you'll obey.
You'll obey.
You'll obey, and then you'll obey.
You'll obey, and then you'll obey.
You'll obey.


It's kind of a relative thing,
and so we've got to expand.
Sooner or later, the church of the subgenius
will be able to have food outreaches
and, you know, deliver pieces of Bob's body
to all those starving people out there.
First, I'll have to praise Bob first.
Um, Reverend Stang,
what's the slack situation out in the third world?
I mean, do they have slack over in, let's say,
some of those emerging African nations?
Or over in Southeast Asia?
Yeah, we have worked in Africa,
particularly around Nairobi,
and also in China.
And those people understand,
intuitively understand slack better
than most of we so-called civilized peoples.
You know, it's like slack is something...
It's something you're born with, friends.
All of you, all of you were born with original slack.
But the conspiracy comes and takes it away.
And in the third world,
the conspiracy is stronger,
but slack is also stronger.
So when Bob gets into the third world,
which is happening now,
of course, he has to...
In China, he's called Bong.
And in Africa, he looks different.
But it's still the same.
It's the same Bob.
The same Bob, friends!
Because Bob does not change.
He's ever changing.
But it's the same Bob.
Praise Bob.
There you go.
Get along, little Bobbies.
Praise Bob.
We're coming near to the harvest, dear friends.
If you would like to call here at the radio station,
once again, you can talk to the Reverend Harvey Stang
or the Reverend D.K. Jones
or Sister Cress, the high priestess of slack here,
201-266-79.
Oh, what a lie.
What a lie.
We should mention that.
Yeah, we should mention that.
That's actually not the...
That wasn't even the station you were listed to.
And that wasn't the right phone number.
Neither.
And it doesn't matter,
because you need to stay tuned for Robert Wisdom's show,
American Music Party, coming right up.
And it was off of his show that I taped this song,
which is not in my collection.
This is Screamin' Jay Hawkins.
Ladies and gentlemen,
most people record songs about love,
heartbreak,
loneliness,
loneliness,
being broke,
and being hurt.
And I'm not kidding.
Nobody's actually went out and recorded a song about real pain.
The band and I have just returned from the general hospital
where we caught a man in the right position.
We named this song
Constipation Blues.
Constipation Blues.
Constipation Blues.
Constipation Blues.
Constipation Blues.
Constipation Blues.
Constipation Blues.
Constipation Blues.
Constipation Blues.

Constipation Blues.











Constipation Blues.
Oh!
Huh? Let it go!
Let it go! Let it go! Let it go!
Don't believe I can take much more
Let it go
Hey!
Hey!
Oh!
Lot of pain down inside
Won't be denied
Every time I try
I can't be saved
Let it go
Let it go

Oh!
Let it go!
Let it go!
Let it go!
Oh!
Oh!
This pain down inside
Just won't let me be satisfied
Let it go
Let it go
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
