Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack, sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of...
Yes, friends, we are busting subgenius tiny to catch a breath and stay up with the changing events of the end times
as the conspiracy pulls out all stops to solidify their liquidation of this planet Earth before we get to do it.
Let's do it.
Dobbs foretold it all. No one heeds the old prophet of doom, however, until it's too late.
He prophesied that come the year 2001, at the plane of Armageddon, the army of the West and the army of the East
would come together in a great confabulation of lies.
Well, this would be where the planes of Armageddon are located now, aren't they?
They're located somewhere in Chaldea, as they call it in modern-day Iraq.
The Basque.
Down by the armpit of Megiddo.
Oh, the armpit of Megiddo.
Is that actually something you have to learn by slice or by rope?
Can you, like, take it off, like, more than one night?
It all goes back to those Sumerian tablets that were lost.
We always wanted to be good Sumerians and...
You could just get tablet number 17 to fill in the blank and have the formula.
Get rid of the program. That one worked the best.
You take one Sumerian tablet and a half an hour later the world disappears.
In a mushroom soup.
Only we could find...
The fifth element and the sixth finger and the fourth dimension and the seventh heaven and the eighth chicken.
I'm feeling psychically empty.
I'm feeling necronomicus.
I just take one of these little Sumerian tablets and I'm good to go for the next 5,000 years.
Do you remember when Noah stepped off the boat?
He was tired, he was hungry, and a third foot had grown where his third eye had been.
But one Sumerian tablet later and he was ready for sphinx-tus.
Build an ark.
Build it quick.
Keep away the soapshudge and flakes and other anthracic vehicles.
I actually had that album when I was a kid.
What?
Bill Cosby album.
Noah?
Is he God?
God was getting...
Okay, Noah, you know, it's like putting the...
Noah was...
God was the pudding and God was like the pudding.
God is the pudding in some arcane way that we can't decipher anymore than we can eat those Sumerian tablets.
I'm going to eat these little M&M's that Chaz put out.
That's all the holy tablets I need.
Sing, brother.
It says M or W.
What does sing, brother?
I want you to know before we all blow.
They're killing themselves.
Coming in on a wing and a prayer.
That's right.
Coming in on a wing and a prayer.
Live from WCS Bay, the height of the Rhodes Tower in beautiful Cleveland, Ohio.
Though there's one motor gone, we'll just keep it on.
Coming in on a wing and a prayer.
Tonight, the lovely Mr. Chaz Smith singing On a Wing and a Prayer.
With moving words by...
And a song by...
He seems to...
Oh, well, fine to sing a hymn.
We'll be right back after these words from Sumerian tablets for the psychically confused.
Don't forget, folks.
Don't forget to buy those war bonds.
What you're doing to me.
Support freedom.
I would like to remind our fellow citizens...
And all you Democrats, don't you say anything now about George because you can't.
I hate...
That guy.
You can't say anything bad about it, right, wingers?
Now, right?
You'll be all anti-American.
We got your asses this time.
We'll do whatever the hell we want.
We shall build a mighty state of steel and armor.
There shall be tanks where there once were sea buses.
And in the world below us,
growing like a huge behemoth inside the bowels of the...
There shall be more rockets and sprockets than man can use.
So we'll just take one of these here
and place it gently on your foreskin.
Yes.
Something has happened in the butter cake room.
It tickles.
Oh, look, the president's crying.
Hello?
Hello?
What?
Make that two spotted lizards have left the grassy knoll.
Hello?
I repeat.
Two grassy lizards have left the knoll.
Sorry about that.
We'd like to resume our interspecial service here tonight.
We know you're having hard times on planet Earth.
Your religions are confusing to us, to say the least.
We'd like to help you.
And we will try to help you.
But first you must explain yourselves.
First you must...
Sleep.
We look into your dreams.
Sleep.
What makes mankind?
Sleep.
What makes you tick?
Happy.
Sleep.
I want to get a little gun, a toy gun,
and I want to go and stab my sister in the butt.
Uh-oh.
Here comes the old man with a belt.
If you boys join the army today,
you won't have to join any dance.
I'm not going to join the armed army tomorrow.
That's the word for me, Senator Blueguts,
and I promise you a place in heaven or hell wherever we get first.
You see, once we destroy all the other armies, then we can disarm.
It can be a multi-lateral disarmament.
We can just lay our weapons in and it'll be world peace.
All we have to do is destroy all the other armies first.
I can build a bomb that will out-blow up any bomb ever bombed.
I can make a bomb that will not only blow up this quadrant of the universe,
but that will send ripples throughout the entire time.

It'll be the bomb to end all bombs.
Oh, here it comes now!
Wow, look at the color.
It's beautiful.
It's beautiful, man, it's beautiful!
I don't know when, but I know when.
That's not funny.
All floating entities with red shoes
clip your foreskin three times like this.
Oops, sorry.
Rollin' foreskin like this.
And now you may go where you will in the cosmos.
Hey, careful with my foreskin there, Dad.
Am I?
Oh, is that yours, foreskin?
You were knocking it right where it's rusted.
Man, this body train...
What does this button do?
Ouch, ouch!
You're hurting us all, Chaz!
You're hurting us all, man.
Oh, no, wait, do that again.
This is one of those secret government black box buttons right here.
You know, man, we're all connected together by that black box.
It's a government box, so I guess not one of us can push the wrong button.
Unfortunately, we all feel the same thing.
Who's got the suitcase?
I don't know, did you?
I thought you had the suitcase.
I thought you had the suitcase.
I've got the suitcase.
I've been driving.
I've got the keys, but...
I thought it was sitting under the seat right here.
I don't know, man.
Ah, damn it.
Dave, what did you do with the suitcase?
I can't find it around here anywhere, man.
You left it at that filling station, didn't you?
Dave, that's the nuclear suitcase.
Did you leave it back there when you went to the bathroom?
This room seems to be hollow, baby.
At that filling station?
Dave...
No, man, there's no corners in here.
We're like in a little egg thing.
Yeah, it's a car.
There's 17 nuclear submarines, and if they don't get word...
I know.
...using that box...
I know.
...they're gonna launch everything they got.
Ouch.
Move, move, X-Lacks.
Hey, look, man.
It's floating in the air.
Look, it's above our heads.
It's been floating there for the last...
How did you get in the Army, boy?
Look at that, man.
It's floating in the air right above us.
That's just one of those pipes in the sky that follows us around.
No, man.
Don't worry about that.
Those are...
It's the suitcase.
...from the fire.
I'm gonna try and grab it.
You guys are nuts, man.
That looks more like the suitcase than anything I've ever seen since we've been in here for
the last two months.
We'll be right back when Lonesome Cowboy Dave joins the Army.
Our first stop.
The gay way to heaven that spins you skyward on the great space wheel.
The fabulous gay way where you guide your own rocket and taxi to tomorrow.
Hey.
This is exciting, guys.
Cool haircuts.
Hey, get your hand off my knee, man.
Hey, man.
This ain't part of training.
You're supposed to get...
You gotta run for tomorrow, boy.
What the hell are you doing?
Hey, it's okay.
This is the gay way, man.
Let me out of this bush.
...kind of love.
I joined the Army to help save the world.
Come on, Dave.
It's okay.
Help.
Help.

He's so on time, man.
Help.
Help.
Come on.
It'll feel good.
Help.
Let me out of here.
You're like the gay way.
Come on.
It'll feel good.
Oh, he's resisting.
It only hurts for a little while.
Look into the pipe, Dave.
Look deep into the pipe.
Look into the pipe.
You'll be saved by your own mind.
Just keep focusing there.
Don't think about that.
You will be a good soldier, Dave.
I feel like Tanner and Spober trying to figure out what's going on.


Don't think about it.
Private Lone Cow.
Out the window.
You will be a good soldier, Coyote.
Yes.
You're going to be processed now into the U.S. Army.
Gee, hi, Dave.
Look, it worked.
Who came up with this program for him this time?
He's ready to have one of them lonesome cowboy jihads.
This is a damn surreal program.
This is better than someone could dream.
His mind's fritzing.
He's like, hey, look.
Oh, no.
That's my mind on the table.
I love it when they slide out.
So, how long ago was it that Dave had the snow crash?
We have no more snow crab tonight, Monsieur.
What difference does it make?
We have lobster tails.
I mean, well, he's the best sort of ...
Lobster feet.
You can observe this one for a long time.
We have the UN observers under glass.
He interfaces with the machinery a lot.









He's a lot better since his snow crash.
We also have the snow crabs with UN machinery under the grass.
It's like when it was all booted up at the same ... He was booted up, rebooted at the
same time.
We also have the Soviet Army chorus singing the Grassy Knolls song in the key of E-flat.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave is the metaverse.
I keep on thinking about it.
The canyons of Lonesome Cowboy Dave's mind.
A babbling idiot metaverse.
I don't want to join the Soviet Army.
A blind babbling god in his own universe.
I don't want to go to Afghanistan in 1981 as a bad trip.
He's creating the reality as he imagines it in this horrible nightmare world.
And you can toggle in.
Soldier Dave.
For only 295 minutes.
Soldier Dave.
Soldier Dave, shoulder your weapon, tovarish Dave.
You can see incredible scientific wonders.
Who the hell are you?
Roam the galaxies in a realistic recreation of rocket life.
I am the voice of your arms.
It's the world of ...
It seems totally real to Dave.
...turning in the dark.
And to you, if you want to log in too.
That's right, friends.
www.subgenius.com
That's right, friends.
And now more than ever during these times of elemental and primordial crisis here in the United Snakes of America,
we ask those of you who listen out there with tinny little ears and huge jaws
to think of us here with tinny little jaws and huge ears,
demanding a new erection for a new penetration into the subsov...
Plasma above.
The plasma above.
The plasma Bob.
It's alive.
What ever happened to the plasma Bob?
Well, he ...
He kind of ran off down the drain.
He got drunk first.
And then he got thrown out of the bar and he tried to get a cab,
but I guess somebody ran over him.
And then he got thrown out of the bar and he tried to get a cab,

The plasma Bob followed the path of least resistance,
which happened to be downhill.
Which happened to be towards the drain in the middle of the garage.

There he went.
The master of slack.
So slack that he just...
After they healed off Bob's rubber leg.
Friend, you too could just be a dribbling fool if you had true slack,
If you truly could achieve...
the nothingness of non-achievingness.
Dr. Piltstone, these flying monkeys are going to be the ruination of mankind rather than salvation.
You could be like this man Dave.
Just think of what you're doing.
Get your finger off the genetic code and back in your own rectum where it's belonged all along.
And stop playing with my golf cubs.
I'm trying to look out the windex.
Who could have dozens of winged...
You laugh at him now that he's sitting there in a wheelchair...
Just like him.
...with his...
head all shaved and a...
huge muscle-like thing persprouting from his ears.
But you didn't laugh at him last...
last week when he promised you a new heart.
Shut up you bitch.
It's later than...
you...
think.
Later...
than...
you...
think.
You...
think.
You...
think.
But we are not men.
You are the cattle and we are the keepers.
What?
You raise the cattle for life and we for centuries have raised such as you and our world for life.
But now as I told you, our world has grown too old.
And too cold.
The herds of you die and we grow hungry.
That is why I am here we need new cattle.
Here there are so many of you.
First ...
Eric...
Doubt,

Yearman...
By attracted by his life here youchez,




It spoke to me.
Russell gave me the internet.




get out of here.
Woman.
No, no. Stop it.
Don't look at me.
Stop it.
Don't look at me.
Don't listen to him, Diane.
You like talk like that?
No, no. Don't move, Diane.
Stay where you are. Stay right there.
You hear only
the woman.
No, you cannot talk like that.
No, Diane.
You must be trapped.
You must be kept alone.
Don't look at me.
In the basement of a mystic stone
perhaps 300 or 100 feet high.
Surrounded by
more than one youngster.
And people
with an extra appendage.
You must be saved for the last moment.
Diane, I beg of you.
Don't go closer to it.
No, sir.
No, sir.
Daddy?
I hate you.
We were all like cows.
We had big mammary cows.
Some outer space men were farming us
like cattle, like animals.
Isn't that the strangest dream?
Did you imagine?
I've got to find a way.
I cannot.
This isn't sorry.
I'm dying.
I'm coming to you.
Your take.
The first left.
The next left.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Your blessing, my son.
Thank you.
Thank you, Father.
For taking our confession.
Thank you, Father.
Father.
Bob finally called in.
Finally called in.
Thank you, Bob.
You proved you were there.
My faith in trouble.
But I know that was you.
But Father.
Dad, Bob.
But Father.
Oh, great progenitor.
The sixth direction.
North side.
South east.
South west.
South east.
South west.

South west.
South west.
Anything you want, Bob.
Of course.
Of course.
I'm sorry, Father, for I have sinned.
But don't forget, such as you.
It's been three weeks since my last confession.
You can't forget the sacraments.
Father, in that three weeks I walked on down the hall.
I took a vase from the ancient gallery and I walked on down the hall.
And I paid a visit to my brother.
And then I paid a visit to my sister.
And I said, well, son, there are many people doing this.
And I said, well, you said what, son?
And I said, I want to kill you.
So I killed him.
And I said, mother.
And she had on this kind of, like, nice little lingerie thingy.
You know, she got it ambi-owned or something.
And I said, Mom, like, dig it, you know?
So that's how I ended up on the show.
Well, son, I have to tell you first and foremost that you're not really on the show.
You are the show itself.
So for your penance, I suggest you do Three Hill Fathers and Five R Minkies.
And also a couple of Pastilles Crebes for the old cabbage parts down there, way, way down there.
And another thing to get you going is not to forget the, um, what was it now?
I get these books.
There's so many books.
I have to go.
The Mountain Doves.
It's said that when Mohammed could not come to the mountain, he asked, or asked, asked the mountain if it would kindly like to visit him.
No, but that had nothing to do with that.
It was Jaguar night.
It was a man-eater night.
Uh-oh.
That was spooky, man.
It was Jaguar night.
Yeah.
And, uh, uh.
Ubu Jaguar.
No, it wasn't Ubu Jaguar.
No, that's the Popo Vu.
Uh, Jaguar.
Yeah.
Well, that's the real book.
I don't know why these people over in Middle East and all that think they got the Bible and Turan and all this stuff.
That's not the real book.
That ain't how it really happened.
You gotta read the Popo Vu to find out how it all really happened.
The Popo Vu emerged from the clouds and landed in ink on the Mayan scribes.
These people are arguing about the dumbest stuff now.
Well, they all believe in the same God.
They're all wrong.
You know, they all believe in the same God.
We gotta believe in a different God.
Look, it was trial and error, trial and error, trial and error.
One time they tried to make men and they popped out trees.
Right, trees.
Yeah, one time they tried to make men and goats came out.
You know, that wasn't quite right.
That is true.
God was, he tried hard.
That was God's, you know, all the different Jaguars.
Perseverance is one of his finer qualities.
Stick with it, ish, nish, nish, nish, nish, nish, nish.
So, you know, and the Jaguar twins, too.
What about them?
You know, they had a lot to do with all that creation stuff and everything.
Oh, of course.
They were the ones around that kind of like, they were the guys on the ground.
They were the man on the stone.
They were the men on the street.
The Jaguar twins.
The men on the street.
They were the twins with the scissors of sight.
You mean a couple cats with green eyes were calling in the shots for the Lord Almighty?
There was no one Lord Almighty.
There isn't.
It's, you know, you got to read the Popol Vuh, folks.
You got to understand what the real word of the Lord is.
If you read the Popol Vuh, at least you get a little better understanding of it.
Hey, to all you monotheists out there, don't worry about whether it's unity or the twins.
People don't even know what that is.
You can write it down in whatever, your borders or whatever bookstore you go to.
Get to, go to the, I don't even know where you find it.
I don't know.
Maybe they got some anthropology section, something like that.
Oh, Chaz is a preacher now.
Right.
He goes to the anthropology section.

He looks at the big, brushed women.
I just want to see more people taking-
That don't wear shirts in those cultures.
Manta ray stinger barbs and shoving them through their penises and their tongues.
And if they did that, I think they'd understand things a little bit better.
Yeah.
It brings a tear to my eye, I think.
And we should be-
Yeah.
Why aren't we using the 20-story building to drag people to the top and cut their hearts
out and throw them down to the people who are hungry?
That's right.
We could feed a lot of the starving people in the world by having public sacrifices.
The Aztecs had the damn right idea now.
That's an old time religion.
Yeah, that's an old time.
Old time American religion.
Old time religion.
Yeah.
Cut their damn heart out and throw them down the hill for the people who are starving because
they can't grow anything anymore in the desert.
Or we could have a gladiatorial contest in Jupiter's universe.
Or, you know, Jove Zeus's name.
With a ball.
And whoever wins, that means God won and so are we.
It's their heads locked off.
Yeah.
Then they play ball with your head.
Yeah.
Well, they do that there, too.
Yeah.
They have those ball games there, too.
Sometimes they cut their toenails if they win, though.
Yeah.
You get the full manicure treatment.
You get the haircut.
You get a pair of those special sandals.
But the good old time American religion came with the manta ray barbs stuck through the
penises and the tongues now by the leaders.
That was the leaders.
And so-
That would be like President Bush and-
God came to the Americas.
Bin Laden getting together in a room.
Yeah.
And with big huge ugly things to stick through their penises and their tongues and the man
who could bleed the most and still stand up.
Who do you think would cry Uncle Bin Laden first?
Who do you think would cry first?
George?
Jaguar God.
Oh, mankind, I weep for you.
My children are destroyed for lack of knowledge.
They're a mess.
Oh my God, they're a mess.
But who do you think would cry Uncle first?
Let's look at it honestly now.
Isn't it civilization itself that's evil?
Correctamundo!
Correctamundo!
No, civilization is-
Humans lived for-
I can only be sure with that.
We've been-
We would have no comic books without civilization.
We would have no rock and roll albums.
That's correct.
Well, okay.
We would have no 3D graphics programs for me to play with.
Well, I guess the trade off then is anthrax.
What a bleak attitude.
Plane's flying into the buildings.
Oh man, we're just the very bare beginnings of civilization.
Alla America.
Chasmio as well as-
Do you think it'll really survive though?
That's another question.
I'm not human species.
Oh, hello.
It has only been around for 100,000 years.
Hello, my friend.
I said open Sesame but can't gain access to the building.
Oh, we see what's going on.
You said open Sesame.
We didn't gain access to the palace, to the power, to the tower.
DJA?
Yes.
We're afraid we're going to have to come down and assist you in your valiant efforts.
Okay, well then.
Thank you, my precious.
Thank you.
Thank you.














We'll get there soon.
Go to the first floor.
Go to the first floor now.
Go to the first floor of the palace.
Go to the first floor.
Ah, here comes the police officer.
Never mind.
Okay.
Thank you.
That's the night.
That's the black night.
Funny how there's been more security around this building.
Oh, there's intense insecurity around this building lately.
Well, there have been old people who've been wandering around the halls cursing in Aramaic
and other Sumerian languages.
I guess they didn't take their tablets.
And there have been lost children.
It's civilization itself.
Before the Civilization of the World.




Before the pyramids went up, there was no reason to get all people together.
Pink stink.
And the pyramids started civilization.
And that was only 5,000, 6,000, 7,000 years ago.
The humans have been living the way they've been living with their brains, the way they've been a-braining for over 100,000 years now.
And civilization is only 7,000, maybe 10,000.
I'm afraid.
Put it at the maximum.
10,000.
For 90,000 years.
They're homo sapiens.
90% of the time the humans have been homo sapiens standing upright, look at the sky and go stars.
That's cool.
Yeah, right.
Things like that.
And for 90% of the time, we had no problems at all.
We lived.
Yeah, right.
We only lived to 30 with nature.
If you lived past the first day or two.
We understood.
We were free and nice while we were catching those starry drifts.
No teeth.
No teeth.
You know, no slack.
It was a simple time.
No food.
There was plenty of food.
They had to work a lot less.
Actually, study your anthropology books.
Those hunters and gatherers.
They had to put in about four hours a day work to deal with all their needs.
Of course, they didn't need computers.
Most people actually only work for about a couple of hours a day, talk.
The rest of the time, you know, busy, look busy.
That's certainly the way I've always managed to do it.
Praise Bob.
Yeah.
Well, then, you know, well, I'll link the whole thing.
You got to get back.
You got to get away.
Too many people living too close together.
You're.
I'm surprised.
You're such.
Conservative, Chaz.
I mean, I thought you wanted to travel into outer space and all this kind of stuff.
Oh, I do.
I do.
I do.
You thought mankind had this glorious destiny.
I don't think it's very conservative to want to go back to.
Now you think a damn chem toilet is too high tech.
Oh, I don't care about what you take with you.
You can go back to tribal, self-sufficient communities.
Once you get your faster than light spaceship off the ground.
Yeah.
Okay.
I get it.
The practical suckling was responsible for this misconception.
You need to read more science fiction, Chaz.
And get your head out of these science books.
Expand your ears with lovely, lovely manga and mystery mags from the 40s.
And also little pieces of literature which show naked women with large vulpine areas
and huge kaboomies.
Everything that's happening now is predicted in Isaac Asimov's Foundation series 50 years
or 40 years ago.
Is that true?
Yeah.
Everything.
As a matter of fact, Al-Qaeda means the foundation.
Oh, yes.
Yes, we know this.
The Asimov's crappy series was published in Arabic in the 60s.
Who cares about any of that?
The Gregorians are the one true religion.
So, as it turns out, this whole thing.
I thought it was the Chlamydians.
Those guys were inspired by Isaac Asimov.
Dry, foamy people.
You know, kind of a bland science writer.
From the great orifice.
You mean it all revolves around some guy who grew up on Mars?
I'm feeling fairly sanctimonious.
Gotta share water, brother.
No, no.
That's Robert Heinlein.
Heinlein and Stranger in a Strange Land.
Yeah, that was Stranger in a Strange Land.
I also thought it was rather trite and overly stupid.
Now, how does it relate to having sex with anybody?
Like, that moves.
Guys who read all that kind of stuff don't very much.
No.
Well, why is it that they end up writing a...
That's such a big part of their thing.
Sexuality?
Like, sex and that book.
So, what is it about that book?
The foundation and sex go together?
Oh, that book had a little bit more sex in it than most of the sci-fi books that those
nerds were reading back then.
That's smart.
But does it mean, like...
Young women come do it with old, fat, hairy guys?
And old women, too.
Is that what happens in the book?
I don't know.
I never got here.
Young women did it with old women.
Fat guys did it with hairdressers from Portugal.
I got bored.
I'm just trying to understand the context of what I witnessed.
I never finished it.
I got bored, man, and opened a Playboy.
He silently walked into the other room and began masturbating next to a dream.
I'm trying to get a picture for all of them.
Well, there's only one true religion, Chaz, and that's the Church of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
I'm trying to understand.
Which will then tell you...
I'm trying to understand.
The one true religion is the temple, the delta, the female delta, in fact, the rose,
you might say, the very...
The flowery bud of her sexiness.
The tiny...
Now, what does Bob Dobbs offer to us?
And that it is, in fact, a squirting universe.
Yeah, well, what is the deal with that squirting stuff?
And when you go, what is the meaning of rivers?
Rivers are created by some god shooting his spunk all over some land.
Oh, well, that's all...
That's all poetic symbology.
You know, that's a...
Milky way.
They're trying to...
Star systems created by some big, huge space bimbo squirting her nipple off.
God is in favor.
Well, that's...
They do have a more elegant way of putting it, I suppose.
Oh, is there elegant...
Well, it's stroke books, just like everything else is worth a hoot.
So the foundation means that God spunked off into a void and suddenly monkeys grew out and flied.
Well, not all the way up because...
Suddenly, as God measures time.
But God is not slack as men count slackness.
Each one of the little spermatozoa were actually equipped with beautiful monkey wings.
Monkey wings the Lord in his infinite mind and wisdom had supplied each and...
You guys need to get your mind out of this monkey wing gutter.
Every one.
And, you know, just...
Monkey see...
Read Classics Illustrated.
Comics or something.
You know, improve your mind.
Read The Iliad, The Odyssey, the other classics of ancient Greece.
Monkey see...
Read the...
Read the plays.
Finnegan's Earthquake.
I can remember now.
Funny little monkey.
Funny little monkey.
Funny little monkey to...
Oh, sorry.
Earth woman.
Shrouded in your own rosebuds.
Come on down.
To my house.
I'm free on Tuesday.
Well, I'm not free.
I'll have the ankle bracelets on.
But they won't have to know where we're going.
We go by the pool table, I think.
It's not really a table.
It's kind of a pool square.
Okay.
I just moved some of those pieces of paper over there.
I watched TV for a while.
I got sound white.
Shhh.
Shhh.
Psssh.
Psssh.

Psssh.
I don't know.
Maybe it's sound like dumb.
But.
Want to hear some music?
Yep.
We got to be cutting out of here.
Got to be getting going.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay, starting a little fire.
Okay.
Until next week.
In the middle of a living room?
Keep your hat on tight.
You're back to the wind.
You're sacking the saddle.
Arr, arr, arr, arr, arr, arr.
Say you want to go to the moon.





Oh we can see the needed light now.

You got any luck?

Oh, that makes me want to go to the moon.




Reddit my number.


It's time to floor and мы sunset acá в угorde.
Where, Trump?






Hahahaha.
All my name stickers shine up on the screen.
Alright then, let me ask you something.
When you talk about destruction
Don't you know that you can cut me out
Don't you know it's gonna be
Should we do alright
Don't you know it's gonna be
Should we do alright
Don't you know it's gonna be
Should we do alright
Say you got a real solution
Well, you know
We don't love to see the plan
Should we do our
Should we do our
Ask me for a contribution
Well, you know
We all do it when we can
Should we do our
Should we do our
If you want money for people with minds that hate
All I can tell you is brother you have to wait
Don't you know it's gonna be
Should we do alright
Should we do it's gonna be
Should we do alright
Don't you know it's gonna be
Should we do our
Alright
Should we do our
Say you'll change the constitution
Well, you know
We don't love to change our
Should we do our
Should we do our
Tell me it's the institution
Well, you know
You better free your mind instead
Should we do our
Should we do our
If you go carrying pictures of Chairman Mao
You ain't gonna make it with anyone anyhow
Don't you know it's gonna be
You are alright
Don't you know it's gonna be


Should we do our
Should we do our
And now my friends
It is with great pride
That the Church of the Sub-G brings to you
The preaching
Of Reverend Susie the Fluesy
At the Tampa
2001
Divide
Praise Bob
And Hail Susie
Alright
We've got a little list here of things that I need to
to shy away from, just to be on the safe side.
Okay, we got, okay, can't mention planes, buildings, airports, offices, city streets, sub-basements,
airline pilots, flight attendants, passengers, stockbrokers, commodity traders, secretaries,
coffee boys, paramedics, firefighters, cops, the army, hijackers, Arabs, Afghanis, Iranis, Iraqis, Pakistanis, Julianis.
New Yorkers, Washingtonians, Pennsylvanians, death, dismemberment, suicide leap, suicide plunge, suicide fall,
blood, pain, squashing, crushing, crashing, slamming, burning, smoldering, falling, jumping, splatting, collapsing,
flight manuals, flight schools, knives, box cutters, and forget about,
forget about,
Barney Rubble.
Well, fuck me blind to call me Shirley.
There goes my rant.
Oh, man.
I mean, with all the hard-hitting topics that are left, I mean, I guess I'm down to doing a speech about fluffy bunnies and kitties.
Well, hell, Bob, I can't live that way.
Oh, man.
And living has got to be real important to me lately.
For somebody who's got a death wish, that says a lot.
Because the con has had an Armageddon agenda for centuries.
And they are about to fully eminentize the eschaton out from under the subgenius race.
We, we who deserve to bring about the end of this planet.
Some bodunk amateurs have moved in.
And we just got to watch this.
Spectacle on CNN.
Well, that's hardly fucking fair.
I mean, we, we had it coming to us.
We are the true inheritors of this shitball planet.
Heaven knows goddamn amateurs are dragging us along on their end times apocalypse like a drunken chicken run into the yawning jaws of hell.
Another side has any interest in slamming us.
And on the breaks before the hot napalm, hellfire starts splattin' fundamentalist meat all over the cosmos.
And as nice as that sounds, seekers, could you believe that there's a downside?
Well, I mean, hell no.
I don't want to clean up after that in the first place.
But I feel like I'd still be around after the echoes of the last blast are reverberating through the vacuum of space.
Oh.
Yeah, the human swarm has been quiet, the sticky, wicked, and the subgenius agenda for loathes many years.
And yes, our plans for world ravaging and planet porking have kind of been put on hold.
But it's not like Bob didn't try to warn us.
If you will remember, seekers, I believe it's in the pre-scriptures,
our sacred high epoch dogs had a fight with neighbors in the 1950s.
During which he transpouted a bit of damning future prophecy.
You'll all be eating roach crap by the turn of the century!
And you thought the millennium got you off the hook, seekers?
Hey, when you ban something, it's got two turns!
We're still on the turn of the century, and you know?
Bob's probably fucking right this time.
Oh yes, our supreme zen master of sales and slack.
Oh, he knew it all.
So it looks like we're stuck, and for some reason, known only to dogs,
the bright and shining promise, the deliverance from X-Day,
came and went.
And I, for one, didn't come.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Story of my fucking life.
Yes, we did not get off this shit ball in 1998.
And boy, do I ever have a major bug up my ass about that little point.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, thanks a whole freakin' lot, Bob, all the trains I pulled for you.
This is the thanks I get.
And I made those trains run on time like Mussolini, too, baby.
What?
Oh, and instead, what do we get for our trouble?
Permanently marooned on some tenth-rate jerkwater backwoods ass-bite planet
with too much gravity, too much radiation, and way too much human content.
Oh, sure, they're actively working on cutting that population down.
They're doing it for us.
Right now.
But that's a case of too little, too late, if you ask me.
Oh, and their misguided global urban removal project is going to horrendously affect our
lives in this, the new police state.
So, I mean, we didn't think it could get worse, did we?
I mean, before, the world sucked like a crackhead nymphomaniac.
On Spanish fly, but...
And since these goddamn stupid pinks shifted into a fuck-it-all overdrive,
well, life has really become like a bucket of shit with the handle on the inside.
And, oh, we were in an extremely unenviable position.
We got right smacked between the two stupidest,
meanest bullies on the global playground right now.
And whether you even give shit what about this grudge fight,
you're still gonna get a face full of hot meat shrapnel anyway once these
titanic, inbred, microcephalic limpwicks start duking it out.
But, you know, children, as the sounds of battle are zinging all around us,
children of dogs can take solace in the fact that these jerk-offs may actually be paving the way
to a bright, shining subgenius paradise for us.
How is that, you might ask?
I'm glad you asked me that.
Oh, it seems there's been a major impasse between us,
the superior mutant race,
and our intended, divinely ordained goal,
SLACK.
And that is...
THEM.
Plain and simple.
A big, meaty clot of the fuckers.
Oh, and we here at the Church of the Subgenius have long looked into taking care of this
planetary clusterfuck ourselves.
But the sad truth is, it's just not cost-effective.
It's not cost-effective to mow down so many billion effective, miswired units of humanity.
Even though at first blush it does sound like it's a lot of fun.
But I've tried it after the first 100,000 or so.
Not only do your arms fucking ache, but it gets boring!
Ugh!
You know, I thought it was gonna be all shits and giggles, but now it's just like work.
And you know how I feel about that.
But you know, Seekers, the human problem might just take care of itself without us having to dirty our little fingers.
And when it comes to wiping out that annoying human race,
better late than never, I always say.
But you know, there has been a whole lot of blather going on on the Tube since this deadly high-stakes murder.
And I think it's time to get this slap fight started.
I mean, some maintain that it's all in the fingers.
It's a matter of, we need to get right with God.
Or else, we need to visualize world peace.
But Seekers, it's like this.
One fucking thing after another.
And there it goes again!
Oh yeah, a lot of old boots paying lip service to national security, financial security, social security.
But what about the security of our slack?
Have you heard anybody even mention that?
Any of these...
No, we haven't.
No, we haven't, no.
Oh, those craven cocksuckers.
Yes, the slack!
The pressure!
The precious, tasty slack!
Oh, it's not just a choice.
It's not merely a food group.
Oh no!
We desperately need our slack to survive, even more so than Teddy Kennedy needs booze.
If you can freakin' imagine that, that's how critical it is.
Oh, but none of these spewing pundits are even mentioning it,
which makes me think.
And that feels real fucked up, because I'm not used to it.
But all I can think is, what are they planning, Seekers?
I mean, what could it possibly be?
Is this a deliberate obfuscation of the slack issue?
Designed to draw us off our blessedly crooked footpath at this,
the most single, most critical moment of the church's existence?
Could it be they're skirting the slack?
Or are they making the slack issue because they don't want us thinking about slack?
Because then we might start missing it.
I mean, what if it gets down to where subgenius Americans are issued slack rationing cards?
Or worse yet, what if they just outlaw the shit because it's in their way?
We've got to consider those possibilities.
This is an attack on us.
Ah!
And then, you know, they're probably going to herd all of the subgenius Americans
into those nice, convenient little internment camps.
And, you know, they're going to offer us that, check out the free showers deal.
I mean, we were expecting hard times for Bubba.
In fact, Dobbs predicted hard times for Bubba, and I clung to that hope,
but I didn't think I'd be sweating alongside the fuckers.
I mean, it was a hard time.
Hard times for Bubba, one of these even harder times for the Bobbies.
Where is the Bob in that?
Well, Seekers, I'm here to tell you that the outlook ain't all that bleak.
Not if you plan ahead.
I'm trying to look at it this way.
All we have to do to come out on top is just survive.
And it's pretty simple.
If you have a bunker.
If you have a bunker, then you can get a mentality that goes with the bunker,
and you will be set up in style, Seekers.
It's simple.
If you don't have a cellar or a basement, start digging right now.
Start digging anything you can get a hold of that will move Earth.
A spoon, anything, a kitty litter scooper.
Get out there and just start fucking digging.
Start digging.
It seems like a lot of bother, but you'd be surprised how much shit you can move out
when you can have a few evenings of excavation with a big soup spoon and a good head of steam.
And you don't have to go overboard with the design or the hospital corners or any of that shit.
I mean, just dig like your life, your subgenius life, depended on it, because it does.
It does, Seekers.
Your mental life depends on it, critically.
Another handy tip, when you're digging yourself a hole, make it a lot bigger than a grave.
We really don't need to give these cocksuckers any ideas, okay?
Once you have your multi-chambered earthen womb all dug out, stock it with only the most crucial necessities.
Wrong!
You know, dope, porno, loo, copies of the book of the subgenius, well, I guess that goes with the porno.
And tapes of the hour of slack and pills.
You know which kind of pills, right?
I have one left, but lucky for us, it's room-sized.
But unlucky for you, it's a suppository.
And froth.
You'll need lots and lots of froth.
In fact, if all you can get is dope, I'm sorry, I'm not gonna cut it, you're really gonna need the fucking froth at this point.
In fact, a hydroponic froth farm is the first neat thing you need to start digging out.
I mean, if the shit rain starts falling, you can at least curl up under your plants in your troglodytic retreat and be happy as a clam.
So just climb in and seal that motherfucker's shirt.
And don't come out until you pick up an all-clear signal on your potato radio.
It may take time, but that's something we have.
If you were paying attention to Father Joe Mama, you heard him talk about subgenius time control.
That's one of the aces in my hole.
Yes, with Bob's patented technique, the minutes and seconds will no longer flow past you.
You're desperately clutching fingers in a stinking, peristaltic rush.
Oh, no.
No, you will be time's master.
Time will get on its knees and bark like a dog for you.
And tell the Seekers it works, because thanks to J.R. Bob Doggs, right now, I can remember this afternoon like it was yesterday.
So this is just crazy enough to work.
Of course, the pills do help.
But safe within Bob's technochemical embrace, you will still maintain that blessed, blissful bliss blessing
that comes from a fully realized covenant with Dobbs and a butt full of his vision.
Butt full, I know, by that.
Sorry, a little too much tongue got unreal.
And come hell, high water, hell and high water, even some lame-ass world war, you'll still be fixed.
Yes, while the still-smoldering, crispy body parts puree is splashing all around us, we will survive.
Oh, yes.
And yeah, don't worry, Seekers, your anus will be back to normal when Bob's done with it in a few months.
Normal for a hippo or some large land mammal, but he will give you your ravaged ass back, unlike the conspiracy.
Oh, yes, Seekers, it's a gift.
Oh, yes.
And, uh, having a chance of dying, you can't buy motivation like that.
Because genetically, I'm not predisposed to having a very long life.
And I've had that borrowed time healing for the past couple of years, and you know what?
That, that has been the main motivation in me getting it back together and getting back up on the road.
And I've had enough of the rails running this train again.
The fact that I shouldn't even be here.
And now we all have that rhythm, right, Seekers?
So, bless you, Easy.
Enjoy your end times.
They're for you.

Thank you.
Excuse me.
I'll just pause right here.
It only takes about two minutes.
Through the sun they grow white
Through American time
There's a wife in the sky
And I'll follow it anywhere
Through the floor of the ocean
Through the mountains so high
But never sick, he's never been ill
Except for the time in the Andes
And then there's the time on our fallow sea
When he ain't back yet
The Holy Spirit can't beat
But for the most part
He won't let you down
When you find yourself lost for time
Just suffer and fall
And your mind will unlock
Cause you have a piece of the rock
There's a wife in the sky
There's a wife in the sky
And I'll follow it anywhere
Through the sun they grow white
Through American time
There's a wife in the sky
And I'll follow it anywhere
Through the sun they grow white
Through American time
There's a wife in the sky
There's a wife in the sky
Through American time





And I'll follow it anywhere
There's a wife in the sky

Through the sun they grow white
Through American time
Through the hurricane tide
There's a pipe in the sky
And I'll follow it anywhere
Through the dark of the ocean
Through those mountains so high
There's a pipe in the sky
And I'll follow it anywhere
Through the simple highway
Through the hurricane tide
There's a pipe in the sky
And I'll follow it anywhere
Through the dark of the ocean
Through those mountains so high
There's a pipe in the sky
And I'll follow it anywhere
Through the simple highway
Through those mountains so high
Through the hurricane tide
You're listening to the subjection of the show.
Genius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob!
Oh, my friends, I want you to check out www.subgenius.com.
It's as beautiful as that music.
