Apes Ma
Your cage is too dirty, Apes Ma
Remember when you were young
And you used to break out of your cage
Well you know, you're not strong enough to do that anymore now
You're not strong enough to do that anymore now
Apes Ma
And the little girl that named you years ago has died now
The little girl that named you years ago has died now
Remember when she named you and it was in the paper?
Apes Ma
Remember when she named you?
Apes Ma
And it was in the paper?
Apes Ma
You're eating too much
You're going to the bathroom too much
You're eating too much
And Apes Ma
And you're going to the bathroom too much
Your cage isn't getting any bigger
Your cage isn't getting any bigger, Apes Ma
And Apes Ma
Your cage isn't getting any bigger, Apes Ma
And Apes Ma
And Apes Ma
And Apes Ma
And Apes Ma
And Apes Ma
From PR News in Washington
I'm playing it safe for the first time in 17 years
Secretary of State John Kerry is working to get one for the first time in 17 years
the record books. PR reports the U.S. is seeking his extradition to face charges in California.
He's also suspected of being a top assassin in a group of hitmen who call themselves PR News.
Kerry said, we are working for many years too long. John Kerry may be unraveling.
The blast shook the blast, though NATO says it's still investigating whether the incident was a
hostile PR News or an accident. These are the bone-chilling numbers 15, 31, 25, 74, one half.
Ted Cruz reportedly said today that lawyers, said Cruz, says has been fully focused on fighting
Texans' interests. A group of nuns at a Spanish convent got an unexpected phone call from Pope
Francis who wished them a happy new year. Francis had to leave a message in which he says, this is PR News.
The
old pope horse was just pulling through and a man wore a pig leg forever.
I'm on the run with a hobo from here, brings a filthy chatter.
Oh, I don't care.
No place there and I don't think it even matters.
My skin's blazing through and my clothes in tatters.
And the railroads look like Hawaii at the hill of letters.
One shoe fell on the gravel, one stick pulled down.
A ray of age fell down on a pair of ears.
And you go shine through my whole watch pocket.
Oh, I don't care.
I'm on the run with a hobo from here, brings a filthy chatter.





Sing em girl, baby girl, pass me by in tears.
Jack rabbit raised his folded ears.
A beautiful sagebrushed jack rabbit.
An oriole sang like an orange, his breast to the worms.
And his tail caught evening like a hammer.
And his wings took to air like a bomber.
Oh, I don't care.


nehmen
And it rained on O- κ
And my rain can't cost me a cup of water
He was home like I could be love
When I got into town I was just mad
I'm the roundhouse man
I'm the roundhouse man
I once was your father
I was thegressed��
I'm thegressed there

All wooden candy improvement
Uh-oh Woo

I love it, read a sign, Payless Parker
Knickers twisted around, under a fly, a youngster cocked her eye
Got me for me if I'm not crazy, it's my daughter
Come little one, little, little, little finger, give me one
And I'll buy you a cherry phosphate
Take you down to the home line in water
No little one's hit on the goddess, but a cold, awful tale
That comes with the way your peg legs stutter
Oh shank, I'd buy a high hat beaver mug
And a mustache man, an entire friend
Woke up in vomit and beer and a banana bin
And a soft glass with brown skin
47 babies with napping black eyes
And beautiful lefty skin
And here it is, I'm with you, my daughter
30 years away can make a seaman's eyes
A roundhouse man's eyes go out
It's all water, it's all water
quienes ovat


We'll be right back.
Now don't be a fool. One of you could survive.
If you f*** well, the living kill me.
I won't kill you.
I'll just f*** you a bit.
I understand.
F*** is often ugly.
But to torture men.
Is this what your master f*** demands as worship?
These cells are very old.
A hundred years ago,
an ancestor of mine tortured over 600 men, women and children.
The god of hate.
Yes, of reality, of truth.
But I don't want to learn.
I'm afraid.
Can't you understand?
I want to help save your soul so you can join me in the glories of...
Mom.
No, never.
The way is not easy, I know.
But I will take you by the hand.
And lead you through the cruel light,
into the velvet dark.
THE CAMEL WERE A NIGHTY
IN THE PARTY OF SPECIAL THINGS TO DO
R strictly++
When the sick winds blow, the flag don't wiggle
In the party of special things to do
I met the ace of love
He took me to his plantation
For the love without separation
In the party of special things to do
Special things to do
It could happen to me
It could happen to you
I met the ace of love
He said I want you to go to a party of special things to do
Special things to do
Oh yeah
And when you're through
I'll be here waiting for you
He'll take these sparks
So that my distant cousins will get along with you
Oh
Watch out for the mirror man
And elixir too
When I got to the party of special things to do
It wasn't hard to find elixir too
I met all the cards
The wild cards
The one-eyed jill
The red queen
She turned her head
You know what I mean
She turned her back and said
I got a brand new game
I want to lay on you
Oh
I met them all
At the party of special things to do
When I wasn't done
I was far from through
I returned to the ace of love
Now I'm with you
I met them all
I met them all
I met them all
At the party of special things to do
Special things to do
The camel wore a nighting
At the party of special things to do
Special things to do
Special things to do
At the party of special things to do
I met Alexa Sue
I met the mirror man
I met the wild cards
I met them all
I met them all
I met them all
I met them all
I met them all
At the party of special things to do
Special things to do
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah

Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah




Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah







Oh yeah








The party of special things to do
performed by
Esra Mohawk.
It's Captain Beefheart's song, of course.
A lot of us old-timer subgeniuses
would admit we owe the Captain Beefheart a lot.
Before that, well, there was collage by Reverend Exister.
We heard King of Siam doing the Captain Beefheart song
Orange Claw Hammer.
Because here's what happened, friends.
I was doing a lot of subgenius recording sorting.
And I found a home-burned CD yesterday
bearing only the unmistakable scrawl of puzzling evidence
with the phrase,
Philly women sing Captain Beefheart.
He must have handed me that at some point in years past.
In fact, it's from 2005.
I thought, great, he didn't even write
the actual title.
The album.
So I googled Philly women sing Captain Beefheart.
And that's the title.
Actually, the title is
Mama Kangaroo Philly women sing Captain Beefheart.
And it's great.
I've got some more of those songs ready to go.
But I wanted to mention some other stuff
before we get going on that.
Princess Wee and I watched a non-Imax copy
of a movie last night.
It was something called
IMAX Undersea,
which was a great documentary
with the fabulous psychedelic footage
of unearthly sea monsters
that live around coral reefs,
like stonefish and frogfish and stuff.
Things that make the ugliest monster hunter monster
look cute.
But of course, the movie had that same sad ending
that all great documentaries about the sea
have these days,
which is, of course,
that the acid and carbon dioxide we've drummed up
is about to screw everything, us included.
And probably whether we do anything about it or not,
because it's already too late.
And when everybody in Asia has a car,
and well, that's when everybody everywhere
will start to slowly starve to death
and nothing in the world is going to stop that
la-li-la-la-la.
So it's a good thing we believe
the next day is almost here, right?
Incidentally, I have dibs on the Great Barrier Reef
or whatever is left of it.
By this July.
And have I mentioned on this show
that I have dibs on Death Valley, too?
Because believe it or not,
Death Valley, even Death Valley,
is starting to die
because of the crap from nearby Las Vegas.
The usual acid rain and such
killing the sensitive cryobacteria and whatnot
that holds the sand from blowing around
and turning the whole area into the Gobi Desert
like the Chinese let happen.
Oh, well.
Easy come, easy go.
Right, humans?
Let's all go down to Goblin Valley State Park in Utah
and knock down any rocks we see
that have thinner waistlines than we do.
As you can see, I sometimes lose my sense of humor
when I start hugging and raping trees.
I'm a tree raper, see?
I'm worried about these kind of things.
I was reading an article about
climate change in the news,
and of course I read the Yahoo comments,
which I am going to read one or two of.
Now, however,
and this is something I don't always see,
I do a lot of research on my fellow Americans
by reading what some of them,
the ones with the spare time to do this,
write at the end of news articles
to give their expert opinions.
Well, I saw about five stupidly funny comments
that they were each posted like five times
by five different people
before I stopped looking.
So it was kind of interesting,
but here's one of them.
I should put on different music for this.
Here's some Hawaiian slap guitar.
Corbin Critics is a load of garbage
and America knows it.
It's all about politics.
It has nothing to do with science.
They want you to think the earth is overpopulated.
This is not true.
All caps.
Seven billion people standing side by side
can fit in a city the size of Jacksonville, Florida.
So that means this whole world's population
can fit in one state,
if need it be.
The same people pushing climate change
is the same people doing the polluting.
They want the carbon credit scam to pass
because they will make billions,
if not more,
off the regular people like you and me.
Actually, buddy,
I think you're assuming a bit much there.
That means you will have to pay more
on electric and gas bills and other bills.
Also making carbon dioxide,
the major factor in climate change,
is outright stupid.
If anything,
carbon dioxide encourages plant growth.
Humans breathe in O2
and breathe out CO2,
while plants breathe in,
breath in our CO2
and breath out O2.
God's design.
All natural synergy systems.
Must be his word for the day.
Just like the moon and the earth.
Our earth being just at the right angle
and the right distance from the sun.
There's,
there are millions of other synergy factors
that allow life to exist on earth.
But I guess I am just crazy
and life is all just random
and was an accident.
And I would have to agree with you
on all three of those points, sir.
Here's another good one.
Yeah.
Oh.
Two more weeks and they'll come back
to tell us all those millions of people
who lost their jobs and health insurance
to Obamacare
are really victims of global warming.
And that the only solution is to
immediate confiscation of all owned firearms.
Well, friend, let's check back in two weeks
and see how that pans out.
I recall the same people saying
if Obama was re-elected,
that gas would be over $5 a gallon.
Thanks, Obama.
What is that?
Um.
To these people, friends, I guess.
Obama's already taken their guns
and masturbated to their selfies.
To them.
Oh, and speaking of selfies,
Princess We should be in here to talk about this,
but she's busy on doing something else.
There's a,
some, I would,
I heard tell that there was this
naughty subgenius Facebook page
of naughty body part selfies.
And I asked if I could see it.
And they let me in.
And now I'm really sorry.
Because I'm old.
And, um,
I'm not going to post any nude pictures of myself
taken after 1998.
Nothing I can do about the ones that one day,
that one day I went to work.
So, friends, whatever you do,
don't even think about it.
I will admit, the four ladies in there are really cute.
But the, the, the boys are,
if anything, too prolific.
And they're posting.
Thank you.
Someone's in the kitchen with Bob.
Someone's in the kitchen with Bob.
Someone's in the kitchen with Bob.
Bob's in the kitchen with Bob.
Bob's in the kitchen with Bob.
Bob's in the kitchen with Bob.
What'd you think?
Too sensationalistic?
Or maybe it wasn't sensationalistic enough.
Oh, no, not you too.
Did you hear it?
Hear what?
Someone's in the kitchen with Bob.
Oh.
You're so excited about being back there.
You've completely fallen under Bob's evil spell.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
All I'm doing is getting on the air
and giving people the straight dope about Bob.
The revolution will be broadcast.
I'll leave you to your pirate nerd radio.
Someone's in the kitchen with Bob.
Someone's in the kitchen with Bob.
Someone's in the kitchen with Bob.
Bob's in the kitchen with someone.
Bob's in the kitchen with someone.
I mean, there's a fine line between eccentricity and downright suicide.
Oops, here he goes.


I got the title foolhardiness.
No, no, I walk that line every Saturday night.
Bob's in the kitchen with Bob.
Every Saturday night.
Bob's in the kitchen with Bob.
Every Saturday night.
There's a fine line between
Bob's in the kitchen with Bob.
It was sensationalistic.
Bob's in the kitchen with Bob.
It was sensationalistic.
Did you hear it?
Bob's in the kitchen with Bob.
Hey, you's, you're so excited about being negative.
Hey, you's, you're so excited about being.
Hey, you's, you're so excited about being.
Hey, you's, you're so excited about being.
Hey, you's, you's so excited about someone who loves you.
I don't want any of those kids to have to go through that same humiliation I went through.
So what you're saying is...
Aim low.
Aim low.
That's great advice. Aim low.
Aim low. If I got a college diploma, you think I'd be here right now?
No, I'd be in Area 51 with Bob.
I wouldn't be here. I'd be back engineering alien technology.
I wouldn't be wasting my homemade duct tape on coffee machines and toast.
Whatever, dude.
Good day, sir.
I said good day, sir.
You know how you're talking right now?
Yes.
That's what I want, all right?
Just be yourself. Nothing more, nothing less, all right?
I can't just be myself.
Well, you're doing it right now.
No, I'm not.
This is just a character I came up with.
I came up with it to help me deal with you.
Don't you get it?
No one wants to know the real me.
Well, why not?
Because I'm weird.
You know, I worked very hard to conceal my weirdness from the world.
And now you just want me to unleash it on everyone.
Everyone is a little bit weird.
I collect Bob.
It sounds like a fun hobby.
And rubber Bob.
I put Bob on practically everything.
Even Bob.
That's an acquired taste.
It's hardly that weird.
I still have the Bob.
Mother knitted me when I was a baby.
Well, that's sweet.
And I'm wearing Bob right now.
Oh, man.
It turns me on when that guy says he's wearing Bob right now.
Me too.
That's weird.
It's creepy.
It's like that subgenius selfies.
Nude selfies.
Facebook thing.
Hey, where's my background music?
This, uh...
Yeah, this background music, it was another CD I found buried in my stuff.
I believe it's some form of Hawaiian slack key guitar.
That's really the name of the type of Hawaiian guitar playing.
This is by someone named Steve Bagsby in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
So it sounds kind of like regular old country western music, don't it?
But it's got Easter Island heads and it's called...
Easter Island heads with Devo hats.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, all the Easter Island heads originally had Devo hats.
Yes, I know.
Because they knew that Devo was right about everything.
Yes.
And everything is getting dumber.
What?
I thought that these were all going to be instrumental.
Me too.
I guess...
We were counting on that.
And I also thought Dave was going to be calling in any second now.
Yeah, where's our Dave?
We could be listening to...
Captain Beefheart Girls singing Captain Beefheart music.
I suppose.
Now, friends, I have to warn my listeners.
Whether Dave calls in or not,
you better watch out because Princess Wee is in a fighting mood.
She's had a bad day today.
And, uh...
Yeah.
I've had to explain to her things like...
Frozen okra is okay.
Doesn't mean the same thing as...
If you serve frozen okra in that soup instead of fresh, chopped, expensive, rotten okra,
I am going to divorce you and beat you.
And then divorce you again.
But...
That didn't happen.
I'll tell you what.
If that cowboy don't call in, I'm going to put that Captain Beefheart music back on.
There's a great version of Abba Zabba.
I'm getting lonesome for Dave.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What happened to him?
No one can know.
No one can know what happened to Dave.
No one can ever know?
No.
No one can ever know.
So I'm going to go back to track eight on this thing.
It's all, like, queued up.
And all I have...
Oh!
Speaking of queued up, that little cutie Dave just queued it on.
It's not my snout.
It was.
I was just about to play another Captain Beefheart song sung by ladies.
It's someone's snout.
But it's not mine.
You see...
How should I put this?
I have no real snout.
It's an attachment that you provided for me.
And I'm glad to have.
But yet at the same time, I'm a little bit unhappy.
Is it just Snipes' snout?
And you know why?
I don't know why.
Do you know why?
Why?
It doesn't work!
Your snout?
No.
It doesn't work.
Not worth a smiley damn.
If I had all the pimples in the world, I'd still be standing back and growling at her.
You know what I mean?
It's just one of those confused type of...
How can you put it in so many words?
So your old factory is not in...
Yeah.
Super snout.
Well, you've got a burnt nostril, don't you?
You were the one who told me it was the power that I would gain of all the things.
Your old factory became your old factory?
Yeah.
I can't get a damn lick of work out of these guys anymore.
That's no fair.
Can you taste anything?
My own urine, my friend.
And I could not resist saying,
that's because it is a known homeopathic medicine.
What are you talking about?
What?
Oh, we're talking about the Church of the Subgenius.
No.
The Church of the Subgenius is the antidote to all placebos.
What can you taste?
It will prevent...
If you had a placebo that used to do you some good, make your rheumatism quit hurting,
we are here to wreck that free medicine.
Or expensive.
Actually, placebos work better the more expensive they are.
So, Dave, I have...
We will call...
I've got a little vial of miracle water I could sell you
for more than you owe the government.
For more than you owe everybody.
I could...
But that special magic water...
Because it's been blessed by Bob.
Is it like Pont de Leon's Fountain of Youth?
Yes, it will restore your sense of smell.
Of course, you'll want your money back immediately when that happens.
Because...
Well, I have to buy...
You've got to...

You've got to miss some bad smells if your snout's not working, Dave.
I don't know if you really want that back.
Well, would I...
If I were to do it, for instance, would I need to change my cup size, my brassiere size?
That doesn't have anything to do with it.
Why would you ask a nonsensical question like that?
Sometimes you...
Sometimes...
I hate to say this, but every now and then, sometimes Dave doesn't make sense.
I know.
Isn't it amazing?
Well, it is a known fact.
It is a known fact.
It is a known fact.







It is something to factor in, at least.
That when your senses are at optimum, usually your breasts swell with pride.
Something like that.
That's what's missing from my life, Dave.
Hey, did you read the funny news article in the paper?
Dead air.
Did you read the funny news article in the paper that the former president, Carter, Jimmy Carter,
has declared that he...
He only...
When he wants to say something to his fellow former world leaders, he sends it through
the U.S. mail because he's afraid they're reading his email.
Carter said they're afraid they're reading his email?
Yeah, and I'd have to say, um, duh.
Duh?
You're an ex-president.
If anybody's email's getting read, it's going to be yours, dude.
If for your own good, if for nothing else.
Keep you from embarrassing...
He's 93 years old.
He could be kind of embarrassed.
He's embarrassing at this point.
And it was embarrassing for him to worry about his email and not worry about his regular snail mail.
Well, it's harder to read snail mail because you have to leave, like, claw marks on the envelope and stuff.
People are...
I've been reading other people's snail mail for years.
It was addressed to me, but anybody could have read it.
But this is the future, man.
This is now.
And Carter's just making a statement.
He's probably got enough brain.
He's got some power left to know that the NSA and these other alphabet groups are tickling his swine, so to speak.
They're looking for parts that don't fit or parts that fit too well.
You know what I mean?
I have...
I downloaded a comment about that very thing, and this explains everything, okay, Dave?
This is an anonymous person blogging or leaving a message.
I'm at the end of that article.
And he said that all the data comments from all Yahoo News blogs goes right into the, quote, mega, unquote, computer at NSA, CIA, FBI headquarters.
It's all the same computer.
Every commenter here is then profiled.
When the time comes, and it, quote, will, unquote, be coming.
For those who are classified in the, quote,
red, unquote, category, and that would be everyone here.
You too, Dave.
Mm-hmm.
You'll be receiving a knock on your door by those ex-military men now dressed in their full battle gear,
pumped up on steroids and psychotropics,
armed to the teeth with a bad attitude and frothing at the mouth.
Not unlike this writer.
Their plan is simple.
Pay you a, quote, neighborly visit with the intention of sending you on a one-way trip.
To hell.
And there was comment to that one who said,
Obama has already created a hell.
Yeah, I mean, it's really terrible out there.
You know, it's just so bad because of Obama.
You know, the tanks are in the street and we're being marched to FEMA camps every day.
I look, I guess they're not coming for me today.
I mean, yeah, right.
That's what I'm worried about is Obama.
Yeah, right.
Well, now this other person says here,
to the POTUS, all that is good is evil.
And all that is evil is good.
That's why America is being overthrown and replaced with a socialistic dictatorship
in which its people cannot be trusted and must be watched.
That's why Granny at the airport gets a cavity scan
and the two good old boys in Boston was able to get it done.
Well, I would just say that if you're being asked to pay taxes and you're poor as hell
and you even get food stamps and they've reduced,
you have some kind of employment and stuff like that.
Well, that's your fault for being a poor.
This is definitely not a socialist country.
It isn't neo-hessian aggregate of corporate.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Well, Dave, that would all seem obvious to some of us,
but we're not hanging out in the same diner.
It makes me wonder if there's not many of us.
These old guys.
Oh, well, I will find out.
I don't know.
There's not much we can.
Granny does get a seat.
She's got a cavity scan while long-haired hippies like me just breeze through,
and that's true.
That is true.
Princess Wee's mom always gets.
Every time.
Yeah, they always check out Princess Wee's dangerous-looking mom.
And then we come breezing through fresh in from Amsterdam or Iraq or someplace,
and they just kind of wave you through.
Hey, have a good trip.
Yeah.
Okay, bye.
Okay, ladies.
Up against the wall.
And now it turns out.
And now it turns out.
Don't you think?
Huh?
It is funny.
Full body cavity search on old ladies.
I do think that is a fun thing to do.
Yeah, like move your walker aside, man.
Well, that's to prove that they're not being unfair to terrorists, you know.
Well, you got to hold them kind of like a hammerlock, you know,
because without the walker, they're going to flop all over the place.
Then they're going to resist you pulling off their clothes,
especially if they're wearing diapers.
They get mad.
They get mad.
So you got to like,
Oh, and they laugh at the pictures.
They laugh at the x-ray pictures of your sagging belly and stuff.
Yeah.
I mean, they really do.
Parts of your body on the internet like it was cheese.
Well, that's the part that I'm surprised I haven't seen more humorously distorted,
you know, slipped out x-rays from, you know,
the Travel Safety Association of America.
I mean, they're not going to be able to find that.

And yet my friends, the subgeniuses, have lately been voluntarily posting embarrassing pictures of their sagging bellies
on a special Facebook page that they're expecting to get taken down.
Yeah.
But they're having as much fun with it in the meantime.
And Dave, you're not invited and don't be.
I'm not going to show my flab on Facebook.
I was sorry that I looked.
I'm not even.
I'm facial, let alone having a flab book that I carry.
Well, actually, cat feather, that was well worth it.
But the rest of it, just, I don't know.
I don't really need to see Reverend Bruce Perry and Reverend 80 and my other friends.
Look, I totally understand.
That's horrible.
All these boys and girls have been playing together for years and years and years,
and they've never been able to show each other their each other's naughty bits.
Just like hands?
No.
They do it all the time.
They do it all the time at X Day.
They can go naked if they want.
But not the way that you do it today.
Right.
They have to do it on photography, and it has to be available to the NSA at all times.
Yes.
You've got to Photoshop it.
And they're having so much fun saying, here's mine.
Can I see yours?
I think it's great.
They don't want to see yours.
They just want to show theirs.
That's all there is to it.
I think it's great.
That was going on on the internet seven or eight years ago.
I'm sorry I looked.
Yeah, really.
I won't be looking again.
I've had the content in 20 years now.
Check out the new colostomy bag, baby.
You won't have to worry about it long.
They're going to get taken down.
Right.
So far, they're mostly young.
I no longer have a real aperture there, you know.
I don't know.
Now, another thing I read on the internet today was that the founding fathers created
the forerunner of the U.S. Postal Service to escape the prying eyes of the British colonial authorities.
And yet now.
Every piece of mail is photocopied so that a digital record exists of anything sent through the post office.
Did you know that?
It says right here on the internet.
Anything that is photocopied and Xeroxed on a machine also has a record made of it within the machine itself.
That includes the Xerox machines or photocopied machines at the post, you know, at the supermarket, convenience stores.
Right.
And.
We'll think of the content.
Much of the content.
You create by being a brilliant person and being really witty and cool and writing your stuff in a certain in certain places.
That is the property of the server.
And I don't mean the divine X-Bark either.
I'm talking about.
I'm in the internet server.
Captain Schlempe.
Yeah.
I will.
Well, you.
That's because you always just say, just click, just click.
You never read this stuff.
And it's not too far from the bottom.
Well, if you read this stuff, you'll.
Just die of fright.
But it also says here, along with not only is every time you photocopy something, there's a record made within the machine itself.
There's supposedly some time of code that is presented on the paper copy that isn't discernible to the naked eye.
Now, if it's not discernible and it's on all of our paper copies, I'm not sure why it's there.
But it goes on.
This person ties this to the.
Conspiracy of the stores charging everyone a dime for a paper bag.
Which now they're.
And in fact, it says they are getting really nitpicky and exercising their personal preferences.
They were considering fining people one thousand dollars if a garbage collector found a plastic or glass beverage container in the garbage can instead of in the recycling can.
Huh?
And everyone.
You're talking a lot.
You're talking a lot.
You're talking a lot.







Most posts on YouTube will be in a concentration camp very soon.
That's what I read on a Yahoo post.
Or you did I say YouTube?
Same difference.
This guy, this other guy.
Now, you'll like this one, Dave, because this guy speaks for all of us.
When I spoke up and said, now, what do we do?
I was labeled as a nut burger or an ignoramus on social media.
Yes.
Even here on Yahoo.
What most people don't realize is this is our last chance to change our nation to a decent and enduring country.
God bless this country.
Nad the nut burgers.
I think God bless this country and the nut burgers.
And I would say that go nut burgers.
Go.
And I think it's great.
You know, common parlance.
Now, I forgot where the nut burgers.
I thought I invented that term.
And yet it's been.
It's been co-opted.
But yeah, that's what we are.
Right.
The nut burgers.
I thought the nut burgers were the ones you get at the veggie.
The veggie choice at the Greek fish fry.
If you just went to the Greek fish fry or else you wouldn't be making such a Lenten assumption.
Well, there's only one more.
And then Lent's over.
And we're not going to eat meat on Friday night like sinners.
Like as if we didn't even.
We don't care.
The soft genius does not eat meat on Friday.
He eats feet.
Another body part left nearby.
We devour souls on Friday.
The souls of feet.
The feet of Christian innocent children.
And even a few guilty little Jewish kids too.
Anyway.
Wait.
Princess, I'm glad you're back in a good mood again.
She was trying to butt my head off.
We're getting in the car tonight.
God.
You were saying something about how staying doesn't know how to you know what the right way with you know what.
I was trying to figure out what was.
Obviously, you don't know either.
Poor princess.
We no wonder she's so mean.
I was going to say something very, very soliloquous.
As if.
Go ahead.
I was talking.
Huh?
Go ahead.
You've got scary music on in the background.
She's a.
Well, the scary music doesn't work with the but I'll do it anyway.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
She was a testy little tart.
Angry about something she couldn't put her finger on.
It looked like she had a mitts and everything.
So I tell them she had a check with Dr.
Reverie.
Reverie.
Reverie.
Reverie.
Reverie.
Reverie.

That's all I wanted to say right at that moment.
Oh, I was hoping you were.
Had.
Had.
Had.
Were reading off of a whole paragraph that you whipped out.
I thought the music worked with that perfectly.
So when you start saying the names like then I go, ah, this must be where I'm supposed
to turn the music up.
Well, don't you get those instructions too?
That's what it said in the radio.
That's what it says.
It does say that in the manual.
The newsletter.
That's where the fade goes and then up and under the swell, the music bars.
The mute.
The swell.
All the noise is in your head.
Oh dear.
This country is just fluctuating so hard.
It can hardly keep my.
I'm on the rhythm system right now.
I try and do two, four or five different numbers every day.
I'm working with the alchemical zip number nine now because anytime you say nine times
anything, the resulting number is nine if you add the dangling things and then they
go backwards and forwards the same repetitious way as you go up into the thousands of millions.
Isn't it amazing how God made it that way?
I call it the perfect number.
That's because God made it that way.
That's why it's perfect number.
Because God made those numbers.
It's no accident.
You think all that math is just an accident that people made up?
You think that we use base ten just because we got ten fingers and ten toes?
You think it's just some accident?
That's God's math.
That's what God does.
Because God has ten fingers, ten toes.
Well, wait.
That's probably true, though, because they're finding all these giant bodies right now.
Did you know that there's a bunch of giant bodies in Ohio?
I think I did hear a little.
Is this recent or ancient news or both?
It's both together.
I guess there's some books out that are actually researched that aren't just, you know, seeing yetis at every X day, you know, and stuff.
Right.
And I'm like, ooh, really, you know, man, these are some big bones.
Let's check them out, you know.
Well, what did they—
So I don't know.
What did they—
You're not just going to leave me hanging.
Somebody discovered cyclops skeletons, and you're just going to leave me this—
Just dangle us here?
In the popular mythology, there are a bunch around in northeastern Ohio.
There's one not far from—well, it's about 20 miles from where I live.
And I asked these people who live there, and everyone with a straight face,
tells me, yes, there's a grave of a giant, and they say there are other giants.
Well, there used to be mounds and everything there, and the, you know, the Christians cut them all down when they found out Indians made them.
They didn't—for some reason, they didn't think that's who made them.
But some of these other things—
Well, everybody knows Indians are the devil.
Well, they must have thought they were the devil.
I mean, American Indians, not—well, Indian Indians are the devil, too.
Well, they're all heathens, you know.
Yeah, they're all heathens, right.
Especially the—
No offense.
No offense to Reverend Heathen.
We're all heathens of some kind or another, but—
But giants.
This thing is seven feet long, and the tibia is real, real, real big, and this is, you know—
Isn't God's work wonderful?
There were giants in the earth in those days, and they lived 900 years because they breathed the pure air, and they had the Adamic diet.
It wasn't all tainted by—
Tofu.
But gravity.
Gravity was the thing that brought them down, finally.
Well, gravity was lighter back then because Earth hadn't gained so much weight.
It wasn't so fat, and so it didn't pull so hard, and people could grow taller.
Now you notice they're all, like, falling over in Walmarts, just tipping right over in their little go-karts.
Because when they reach for food, because they're so top-heavy, and they fall down, and they're giants.
But they're giant across instead of giant.
They're up.
The teeth were like little bells.
I'm growing more giant that way myself.
I've been trying to exercise, but—
You know, even my exercise machine actually makes fun of me.
It depicts me as being asleep all the time.
Honest.
We turn on this exercise machine, and there's a little cartoon of Stang.
I made the original cartoon.
Handsome, studly, rock star-looking guy.
Now he's this pot-bellied little figure that's, like, slumped over on his feet.
All the time.
Princess We exercises a lot more.
So it shows her as looking upright and awake, but it scolds her.
Too busy to exercise yesterday, We?
Oh, a late night owl, are we?
Have you brushed your teeth yet?
Yeah, it's the nanny state extends into the computer.
Well, we bought that—well, no, somebody gave us that computer.
See, it's a trap.
That's how I got started on that video game.
And now I'm an addict.
And it's because somebody gave us—
Do you think that woman meant to give it to her?
Did the government tell her to give it to us, that We exercise?
Ah, it's all a plot, right?
Knowing that I would get distracted away from my subversive church of the subgenius thing
and concentrate on slaying of imaginary animals that only exist in pixels.
And forget about it and become their easy fodder once again.
That's why you become their easy fodder.
Well, and again, the question—
The question arises.
Okay, so I'm manipulating these pixels, wasting my time.
Who's wasting their time manipulating me in my para—
Who's manipulating them manipulating, yeah.
Parapixel.
Yeah.
I'm just made of three-dimensional—
I think about that a lot.
Except, you know, posthumously, I think, sometimes.
But that makes me wonder, like, who's pulling the strings or the string colors that are right around here?
Yeah, you can almost get—
You can get religion that way.
It's like some giant mandala bursting with crappy rays or something.
Or is it more like, you know, when you don't like oatmeal when you're little,
it doesn't mean that you, you know, actually committed murder or anything.
And does the Big Bang—
It doesn't mean you're hurting anybody.
Huh?
The Big Bang, okay, that proves God, right?
It proves that God—
God has to go to the bathroom every now and then.
Wham!
Suddenly, in one trillionth of a second, everything goes from a single sizeless point to an expanding mess.
In which God made two plus two equal four instead of five.
And he made the Earth at exactly the right angle.
And the Moon, just the right way next to—
Actually, wasn't the Moon something they think slightly—
Clammed into the Earth?
Well, look—
Tore off a chunk?
In the Velikovsky and much of the 40 and Skidoo boy that surrounded Velikovsky when they thought he was crazy and stuff,
was that the Moon is a chunk of something else that got trapped in orbit.
And is it relatively new in mankind's history?
I mean, that part just blew my mind.
And there's not a lot there to blow.
On windy days.
I'm not going to go there.
Uh.
Don't go there.
My pappy is a Velikovsky nut.
Did you know?
Did I ever tell you that?
My father, who is, like the president, a Harvard-educated lawyer—
Well, he's not a—
Actually, he never was a constitutional law professor.
My father wasn't.
He was a labor lawyer.
But he was also a scientist.
He still is, I should say.
And he's a Velikovsky nut.
Yeah, he is.
He gets really mad.
He's really mad.
If I—
I don't even—
I'm so polite, I don't say,
Well, now, pappy, I think Velikovsky's just one of them kooks.
I've read the—
I've skimmed those paperback books, too.
Instead, I've said,
You know, Velikovsky is not regarded highly by mainstream astronomers,
which is a factual statement.
Whether Velikovsky is right or wrong,
he's not generally highly regarded.
I might as well have said that George Washington never—
chopped down that cherry tree.
Actually, if I said that, my father would say,
Duh.
Here, let me—
Here's a book of other American history that's a bunch of lies.
He gave me one of those books of lies in American history.
He did?
Yeah.
My own father did.
And he's not—
He's not exactly the same—
He doesn't usually vote in the same magical system that I do.
But he did have a problem when he was wearing the tinfoil hat by the swimming pool
and did barbecue.
Certain parts of that area.
Well, it worked, though.
Your thinking cap, so to speak.
Well, those things work.
I've been wearing one on and off for a long time.
I never get anything beamed or—
No, I don't get any extra voices in my head.
Ever.
But in August in Texas, it must be like a broiler cook in your brain.
Well, that, sure.
So that's what probably causes the malpractices and—
What, the hot weather in the South?
Do you think that—
Are you one of those people who—
Do you associate Southerners with ignorance and foolishness?
Because you need to wake up and take a walk down your own street there in Ashtabula, Ohio,
if you think that.
No, I don't really think that.
I know you don't.
I'd like—
I have to say that every now and then.
Pappy, whip me if I don't.
If I—
You know, I would say it's a place with a lot better food much of the time, but not always.
That's right.
Well, they—
Yeah, and they don't always let you have any of it.
Of course not.
No.
No.
No, because it's poor.
The reason people are poor is because of their culture, the urban culture.
You know what I really mean?
It's because their culture.
That's why they're poor.
They could bring themselves up.
Of course, with rural white people, it's not their culture that keeps them poor and downtrodden and ignorant and full of anger and hate.
And taking, you know, and—
Soaking up a lot more welfare than anyone else.
No, that's not their culture that's the problem.
Yeah, I don't think you should ever deep fry a peanut butter jelly sandwich and then put mayonnaise on it, you know?
Hey, you're not making fun of my Elvis, are you?
You can make fun of my God.
You can make fun of my government, but you can't make fun of my Elvis.
I thought you called him a Gog.
And then I thought—
You can make fun of May Gog.
—in Ukraine again.
You can make fun of Gog and May Gog.
And even Tobor, which is another robot.
But you can't make fun of my Elvis.
That's something my friend Sterno heard down south in Little Rock.
He heard a man say that.
He said, you can make fun of my God and my flag, but don't make fun of my Elvis.
And he also overheard the phrase, if you don't settle down now, I'm going to slap you naked and hide your clothes.
Slap you naked and hide your clothes?
I slap you.
I'll slap you.
If you don't settle down now, I'm going to slap you naked and hide your clothes.
He heard that—overheard that in a diner.
This is beautiful.
See, this is why I love the earthy parts of the American language.
The different ways and different parts of this land where children can be attacked by—
Anything.
—nearly criminal parents.
And I suppose the next one was, let me get out this here belt I got.
Let me show you something.
The blueness of the wound cleanses the way of the evil.
Go down—go over by that tree and get me a switch.
I'm about to whoop you one.
Hey, speaking of crazy rednecks, remember that—you know that Pastor Phillips of the Westboro Baptist Church died,
and people protested at his funeral.
Or rather, they held signs that said, we are sorry for your loss.
And the funny thing is—
I thought you were going to say, God hates Westboro Baptists.
No, God hates facts.
F-A-Q-S.
God hates frequently asked questions.
He would refer you to the fact page.
That was what they were all upset about.
But, yeah.
Oh, my gosh, look at this.
Dave, it's almost time for us to go, and yet, is Dr. Sinister here?
Dr. Sinister is not here yet.
No sign of the car and the remote cameras.
This is when I get to say—
Which is something I don't usually remember to say.
Our friends who listen only by internet will probably get an extra ten minutes of this show, at least.
Yeah.
Whereas the ones—our beloved radio station friends like WREK in Atlanta and WORT in Madison and WREK in Champaign are—
they'll have to get the short, truncated version because I've got to keep it down to an hour.
Yeah.
Sometimes I do that by removing—if it's one minute too long, I remove a PR news.
But if it's a show like this where I don't know what's going on or what's happening—
Hey!
It's a strange world you're living in right now, Reverend Fang.
Everywhere you look, things have changed.
One little thing, a skelter.
One little thing, not the way it used to be, maybe.
It's a hard, hard world.
A hard, hard world.
Like album ownership.
It's tough and rigid, like a snake.
Winds around the front and back of your head and then comes back again and smiles and goes—
And says—
There.
I said it.
I did it.
And Dave, we really—I should hang you up and just play some music now because this is what happens now.
Or we cut to the next show depending on which station you're listening to.
Yeah, because I thought you were—
You're supposed to do a station ID right now.
I did, but I edited it out.
But that was in the past.
You said it would be in the future.
Well, that's the—the future.
These are things we cannot know.
Let us look into our crystal ball and see what is deep, deep inside.
What will the future bring?
The Future is Here
The Future is Here
The Future is Here
The Future is Here
Today

Today
Today
Today
Today


















Tomorrow
Tomorrow
Tomorrow
Run, run, catch a swing
Draft the dawn, sunshine on
Bab-e-bab-oo
Mama say sun, she say sun
You can't lose
With the stuff you use
Abba, zabba, zoom
Bab-e-bab-oo
Abba, zabba, zoom
Bab-e-bab-oo
Abba, zabba, zoom
Two shadows at noon
Abba, zabba, zoom
Gonna catch a suit
Abba, zabba, zoom
Bab-e-bab-oo
Bab-e-bab-oo
Run, run, morning soon
In your dreams, tiger boo
Yellow bird fly, hides up back on sky
Two shadows at noon
Bab-e-bab-oo
Gonna catch a suit
Bab-e-bab-oo
Abba, zabba, zoom
Bab-e-bab-oo
Bad, bad, that's the rule
Bab-e-bab-oo
Bab-e-bab-oo
Bak-e-bab-oo
Abracadabra
Cardi B's on a date


Aba-dabra








Cuz it's worth loving
Say-look â
Thisír way
Don't sour
Hey, Egbert R.It's because Fear's gone mad today!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You've been listening
to the subgenius
radio ministry
hour of slack for free information write to p.o box 181 417 cleveland heights ohio 44118
or see www.subgenius.com praise bob
