That's right, friends. This is KNON. This is, I repeat, KNON on our new frequency of 89.3 FM, whatever that means. Thank you.
Give me a lighter. I'll light that sucker.
I bet you will.
...terrific guest coming up. I can't tell you how excited I am about our first guest this morning.
He will be joining us in just a couple of moments.
The Reverend Ivan Stang from the Church of the Subgenius. Praise Bob.
Did we have any operating difficulties?
Hey, what's going on here?
The Subgenius.
The Subgenius.
Welcome to the end times, boys and girls. We're going to shock shock the house with your brain and the world.
Bob is getting down with you here tonight. Bob is getting down to help your pipe.
Bob is coming here to ease your strife. Come on, suckers, let Bob into your life.
Big man.
Bob.
And remind you of this. He who laughs last, laughs best, but also gets his teeth kicked in.
And if you can't laugh at yourself, make fun of everyone else.
Is it rolling?
Backwards masking. Take one.
Satan is cool. God is a jerk.
Wonder if we fooled anybody.
Yeah, I've heard about Satan trying to get...
people to sell their souls, but he's not really too good at it.
Actually, he tried to get me to sell mine, but all he offered me was crap like a Hugo and tennis shoes from Taiwan and carob yogurt balls and lunar powered sundial, crap like that.
So I told him he'd have to do better than that.
Then I thought he was a cheapskate and he got all huffy and red in the face and called me a spoilsport.
But I told him to go straight to hell because that just wasn't good enough.
I wasn't going to sell myself that cheap.
So there.
Oh, yes.
A dear friend's eye.
This is the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack at our new place on the dial.
Eighty nine point three.
Unusual.
I hope you're finding us.
And I hope those of you who never heard us before keep listening because I have specially designed this show.
This is a very unusual show for you strangers.
Do it.
And what we what we're doing tonight is basically sort of a revised introduction to the church for new viewers.
Every three or four months we do that.
It's like a pledge drive just to catch you up on what the church of the subgenius is and why there must be and has always been a Bob.
Also tonight, though, we're going to preview the new album by the swinging area diets of Boston.
If you've never heard them, then.
Hang in there.
By the way, while I'm still thinking about it, this is quark in the background.
Quark in the mighty stereo background.
Friends, listen on headphones.
You really should.
And start your tape decks up.
We'll also later be doing some reading from the new subgenius book.
High weirdness by mail, which isn't out yet.
So therefore, you couldn't call this an ad.
Exactly.
You're getting a preview, friends of a major.
Simon.
And Schuster publication.
And it's going to make some of you so mad.
So mad.
I hope.
If we're doing our job.
So see if you can see if you can figure out what's going on here.
If you can't, we don't need you.
Understand?
That's the whole point of this.
See?
People may have had kids but their kids aren't reading the nonsense page or wondering





You say that it's less relevant than the River Church, but we're not talking about

But really, that was a genuine response, a genuine response.

Finally, we're all looking at the 3. exhibit.



about tell us all about it well the church of the subgenius is the end times church for mutants
formed to spread the seed word of that great saint of sales jr bob dobbs now bob formed the church in
1953 being the saint of sales there he is and uh but he kind of kept it under wraps until around
1980 when he uh recruited dr phylo drummond and myself to begin releasing the secrets of
his teachings to the public at large which of course has had disastrous effects
bob is sex that's your key phrase it will trigger the entire message without your
brain
being aware of it we are controlling transmission
he's a maniac out to rule the world what can i do to make you understand
i love you
rewards are worth the effort oh yes dear friends the harvest
but you see if you do have some
questions here you can still call and speak to an actual human being who might answer your questions
in a linear way call the station speak to the will o dobbs and he'll give you information on
where to get more information and help you find out whether you can actually handle that
information or not which is all another question altogether you see the keys to instant success
mystic knowledge and miraculousness
his
Eенie
of Nada
The bizarre, the kooky, the kinky, as long as it keeps its distance.
Do you enjoy getting unsolicited but unspeakably weird things in the mail for free?
Love to snicker in superiority, perhaps largely imagined, at the incredible gullibility of those around you?
Enjoy reading the headlines on sleazy tabloids and ads for local psychic fortune tellers?
Do you, my friend, appreciate the unexpected glimpses of strange realities behind religions other than your own?
Entranced by the thought processes of the mentally ill?
And bored to tears by any music, video, or literature that isn't almost shocking?
Are you painfully aware, dear friend, that all great geniuses and inventors of the past appeared totally insane to everyone around them?
Then have we got a religion for you, my friend.
Actually, that was the introduction from the religion's second book, High Weirdness by Mail, but let's not get technical.
Superior mutants.
Superior mutants.

Superior mutants. Quit your job. Slack off.
The world ends tomorrow and you may die.
Well, no, probably not, but whatever you do, just keep listening.
The end times is here.
At last, the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it. The only faith that promises action, thrill, success in sex and business.
Having all the guilt.
But none of the sex.
I did not put you here to suffer.
No, I did not put you here to whine.
I put you here to love one another.
Yes, and the kid has had a good time now, now, now.
Let my people go, go, go.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let my people go, go, go.
Oh, you got her.
Let my people go, go, go.
Oh, you got her.
Let my people go, go, go.
Are they destroyed?
...
...
...
...
...





...



When you're driving 16 hours, take a barb.
Take a barb.
When you use your mutant powers, take a barb.
Take a barb.
When your blood is low in sugar, when you're picking up a booger, when you shoot him with
a looter, take a barb.
Take a barb.
When you're outside exercising, take a barb.
Take a barb.
When you're using sex devices, take a barb.
Take a barb.
When you're walking through the woods, when you make out with a girl, when you beat up
2 другers, take a barb.
Take a barb.
interfaces ,
n
Big Bad, Big Bob, Big Bad Bobby, Big Bad Bobby, Big Bad Bobby.
That's right, it's by Onan. Onan Kennebite.
Friends, call 823-7490 if you have any questions.
Once again, that's 823-7490.
Well, they're doing it anyway.
What do they care?
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes, your time shall triumph.
I am completely agree with all the obstacles
and with all...
all the enemies
who are between me and what I want to do.
I see that they cooperate.
They are...
they are in a providential manner.
They help me to do exactly what...
what I want.
Because if I have not to fight,
it is in the fighting that I can see better
what I want to do.
It is in the...
in the friction, as you say.
Friction.
Friction.
That thing become more clear.
It become more clear just because it runs the danger to be far,
to go away from me.
We spread this mighty seed word of... of slack,
how to get it, how to fight the conspiracy through radio shows
in different cities, through videotape.
Two books now are excuse scrolls suitable for framing.
And live shows.
I do a lot of science fiction conventions.
And then there is Buck Naked, Reverend Buck Naked here in Dallas.
He occasionally plays with his band, More Drunk Cowboys here and there.
He preaches.
Although he is a... he is a...
as a true subgenius, he is a schismatic
and has formed his own splinter group,
which of course does intense battle with my personal splinter group.
It always happens.
¶¶
¶ Drunk and but wiser
¶ Watching five-ball TV
¶ Swallowing red bag
¶ They mock the dog guy
¶ They named the pack Flanagan
¶ Over and over again
¶¶
¶ I was drank in Budweiser
¶ And Bob was on TV
¶ The day that Uncle
¶ Got kicked by Amy Wu
¶ I was with Cousin Junior
¶ The DNA back farm
¶ I was drunk
¶ I was lonely
¶ I was watered
¶ I was drunk and but wiser
¶ And Bob was on TV
¶ Drunk and but wiser
¶ Watching five-ball TV
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶









¶¶
¶¶¶ ¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶·¼¶¼¼¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶½½¼¶½¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼¼�
You gotta study the extremists, the obscure, and the so-called nutty.
You need the balance.
Your poor brain is being impregnated with middle-of-the-road crap 24 hours a day, no matter what.
Network, TV, newspapers, radio, magazines at the supermarket.
Even if you never watch, read, listen, or leave your house.
Even if you are deaf and blind, the telepathic pressure alone of the uncountable normals surrounding you will ensure that you're automatically well-grounded in consensus reality.
Screw consensus reality.
What we all need is more of that common sense stuff.
Badly named, because it's not really such a common commodity after all.
And our guru, the great mystic, the saint.
In sales, J.R. Bob Dobbs often preached on this.
You know how dumb the average guy is?
He once asked his flock of apprentice sales ministers.
Well, by definition, half of them are even dumber than that.
Praise Bob.
Sad but true and getting worse each year, dear friends.
The kooks are our future.
So make no mistake.
It'll be a rich harvest.
For industrial skull farmers like us.
And those of every creed.
Because the brains of the all too willings are out there ripening, ingesting a rich loam of made-for-TV UFO movies.
And absurd claims for holistic vitamins.
Radio preachers who converse with angels.
Millions of potential vegetables just waiting to be plucked, shucked, and hauled.
And if it ain't us that does it, it's gonna be a lesser cult or even worse, some political group, dear friends.
So, if you don't get it by now, you never will.
Like they say and say again.
I don't know what you're doing.
Oh!
You wanna know what we're doing?
Sounds pink to me.
We've been talking about it for an hour and a half.
And if you haven't figured it out yet, pal, you never will.
Well, I'm a Christian and I think this is a sin.
I think this is a fake hate call.
Oh.
This is a fake hate call.
I wanna get some real hate calls.
Guy has a Bobby.
We can't, we can't deal, listen, no friends out there, we don't want fake hate calls.
We need the real thing.
I mean, it's just like in Dallas.
I mean, I'm in the middle of the Bible Belt.
We've been doing this subgenius hour of slack show every Sunday night for almost a year and no one's killed us yet.
Well, did the Reverend ever explain to you what subgenius meant?
Uh...
Was there a connotation to concern?
No, we didn't get into that today.
I was just wondering.
You know, I just kind of always took it on his face value.
Uh-huh.
Well, if you joined it, you would be subgenius, wouldn't you?
I believe so.
What is he going to be when he wakes up and starts breathing?
Tell you what, I'm not going to turn my radio on Friday morning no more because I thought the little imbibing I'd done last night would pass.
But I ran it back into a nightmare when the radio came on.
Stuff happens.
Thank you, Kevin.
Thanks very much for calling, Norman.
How are you, sir?
Yeah, I'm sorry I missed Reverend Stang a while ago.
He mentioned a Reverend Buck Naked.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I think I knew him years back when he played in a band.
I believe that Reverend Naked does still play in a band.
Yeah, does he play the organ?
I don't know.
Yeah.
Well, this Buck Naked I knew could finger an organ better than anybody I ever saw.
That's about enough on that one, John.
Hi, Kevin.
How are you doing?
Fine.
How are you?
Good, good.
I've never called before, but...
Well, we're glad you could call today.
Well, thank you.
I do listen all the time.
I wanted to say something about that subgenius thing.
Mm-hmm.
I had seen a piece of paper that was printed by them about six or seven years ago.
Mm-hmm.
And a friend of mine brought it over and said, look at this.
And we looked at it, and it was the scariest thing I ever saw.
I just wanted the listeners to hear this experience that I had gone through.
Anyway, I read it, and what it was was it looked like gibberish on the surface.
In other words, it was just a lot of weird lettering and words that didn't make any real sense.
Until?
What?
Until?
Until I read through it, and it just, it was like a cave.

It was possessed or something.
It was scary.
It really scared me.
There was bad words in there, and there was...
No.
...messy stuff.
I mean, not full bad words, but just really, really scary stuff.
While you were reading it, did demons with fingernails begin clawing at your flesh?
Well, I know one thing.
I know they didn't claw at my flesh.
It's too bad.
But it got me to the point to where I decided I better not read anymore.
And it was a question of...
I'm not a religious fanatic or anything by far, but I could tell that there was definitely
not wholesome stuff in there, and I just thought it was really...
It made such an impression on me.
Like I say, seven years ago I read this thing, and it was just...
It was done very professionally, you know, printed and everything.
It wasn't just, you know, scarcely...
But it wasn't wholesome?
No, it was...
My word.
I would say it was just really, really weird.
Weird?
Weird and not wholesome.
Yeah, yeah.
Boy, I'm surprised they allow that kind of stuff to be printed.
Well, no, you see, it wasn't anything you could just, you know, say, oh, there is bad,
you know, bad...
Bad words, yeah.
...word being written.
It was more like...
It was like speaking in tongues, except it was evil, if you could imagine something like
that.
Oh, I think I could, and we thank you for alerting us to it, Jeff.
Well, you know, evil is as evil does, or something like that, I suppose.
I wish that I could play the entirety of the tapes that these little interviews come off
of.
They're usually very old interviews.
I'd love to play the whole thing.
But they're from other stations.
I don't know.
They're from other stations.
Hey, let's do something new, you know?
Speaking of which, there are some new things here I need to cover.
See, the subgenius mentality does not have to call itself a subgenius.
You'll be saved from damnation if you do call yourself a subgenius, and especially if you're
carrying the right membership cards in your pocket.
You can write for information about that.
We'll give the number at the end of the broadcast at 10 o'clock.
But in the meantime, there are, like I say, other ways to do the same thing that a subgenius
does, which is to get slack.
And this weekend, the lead singer of the Swingin' Erudites, who I've played many times before
in their older incarnations on this show, the lead singer Johnny Angel, a friend of
Brother Cleve Duncan, who you all know so well.
He sent me their album.
In fact, he sent me several copies of it.
And yes, the Swingin' Erudites have finally made it to vinyl, or whatever it is they record
on nowadays, disc, film, you know, I don't know.
I think this is analog, not digital.
But I'm going to play just a few bits and pieces off of it.
This one right here is probably a good one to...
To dedicate to the worried caller who called that normal talk show saying that the nonsensical
subgenius stuff he had read seemed so evil.
You know, to others, to some, it seems neither nonsensical nor exactly evil.
Everybody's heading west
Where they hear the serpent's best
We'll meet a former mouseketeer
And get the hell away from here
Sir, sir, we must have fleeced the block this time once too often
Frankie and the Nerf King Jim and Tammy
And the Reverend Jerry Falwell put the last nail in the coffin
Frankie and the Nerf King Jim and Tammy
We're going out west to the Golden Coast
I hear the preaching is peachy and the Lord is most
Now that we ain't got no home
It's praise the Lord and pass the copper tone
Go to where it never freezes
And surf all day
Thank you, Jesus
Thank you, Jesus
Frankie and the Nerf King Jim and Tammy
Frankie and the Nerf King Jim and Tammy
Frankie and the Nerf King Jim and Tammy
When we moved to California was a matter of survival
Frankie and the Nerf King Jim and Tammy
We got the hodas and the rockinis and we had a big revival
Frankie and the Nerf King Jim and Tammy
They claim a rolling stone shall gather no moss
We'll build a bitchin' woody from the Holy Cross
We'll build a bitchin' woody from the Holy Cross
Surf and sea and waves and sand
From the Shroud to a rim and get a groovy town
Our author, who art in heaven
Gave me a scurvy at the 7-Eleven
7-Eleven
Frankie and the Nerf King Jim and Tammy
Frankie and the Nerf King Jim and Tammy
Frankie and the Nerf King Jim and Tammy
On your knees
Um, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
We could have moved to Kansas, we could have moved to Texas
Frankie and a nut, we'd give a Tammy
The Reverend Jimmy don't care cause he likes both sexes
Frankie and a nut, we'd give a Tammy
Would have moved to New York City, but boy oh boy
There's two Jews for every guy
Two Jews for every guy
I really wish to hell I was the Holy Father
Frankie and a nut meet Jim and Tammy
I wouldn't need a surfboard, I could walk on water
Frankie and a nut meet Jim and Tammy
Frankie and a nut meet Jim and Tammy
Frankie and a nut meet Jim and Tammy
Frankie and a nut meet Jim and Tammy
David Lee Roth, here's Hagar Sammy
On the Hangtown
Oh, yes indeedy
Well, we've certainly had some interesting calls tonight
At 823-7490
Send us an email at
We've switched frequencies with KCBI
You see, this used to be KNON
The station for open-minded weirdos
And rednecks and minorities of all kinds
Anybody not totally into the mainstream
And anybody into the mainstream
Whereas KCBI was somewhat more narrow
Readership, listenership
So half of the calls have been saying
Hey, KNON, where are you?
On the dial
And if you're hearing me, you already know
And if not, then what's the point in trying to tell you?
We're a little bit to the left
And the other half of the callers have called
Expecting to hear KCBI
Which used to occupy this airspace
And, well, for those of you
Wishing that you were hearing your good old KCBI
Christian station that you're used to
You are the lucky ones
You are really lucky
Because you are now finally by accident
Being delivered from the false religion
The biggest trick the devil ever pulled on you
To the church of the subgenius
The biggest trick ever pulled on the devil
I see
He and the devil thinks I'm kidding right now
Don't you, Satan?
Oh, yes, yes
It's a study in opposites, dear friends
But at the same time
I mean, we're on the side of right and good
The only difference between us
And what you may have used to be listening to
Is that it doesn't really matter to us
How much money you make, see
Or what religion you are
Or what color you are
Or what sex you are
To us
Now, I'm not speaking for KNON
KNON is not solid
It's not a church of the subgenius
We only do this one hour a week
That's all the slack you're gonna get for a week
In this form
However, stay tuned for further slack
Of many different kinds
This is a station that has gospel in the morning
Hispanic music during a chunk of the day
Soul and hip-hop, rap stuff
Another chunk of the day
Country, redneck, good old Texas stuff!
And then, you know, you're gonna get a lot of money, you know?

And then, weird punk
Late on into the night
Plus special days of talk shows
And alternate news that you may not quite get
The uncensored versions of
In other stations, so
Yeah, yeah
Why don't you...
Those of you who've never...
Who have stumbled upon us
Upon our new frequency
Please, just keep listening
Don't judge the whole station by this show
How could any other show keep up with this?
You know...
Yeah, yeah. Why don't you, those of you who have stumbled upon us, upon our new frequency, please just keep listening.
Don't judge the whole station by this show. How could any other show keep up with this?
They don't all have Bob. Some of them just have records.
What you just heard a little while ago was the Swinging Erudites, a version of Frankie and Annette meet Jim and Tammy.
We're going to play some more Swinging Erudites.
It's nice to reach out. It's nice for a change not to be preaching to the saved.
That is the downfall of everybody from the early Christians to the new age fakers to the modern day Christian fakers to, in fact, the subgenius fakers preaching to the saved.
I hope that you all, you all who cannot.
Figure out what's going on. Keep listening and become ever more confused until the fear and puzzlement builds up in your mind to the point where you can't quit talking about it.
And those of you who work with you in your office and think you're a religious fanatic, they'll think it sounds like a pretty interesting idea and probably end up contributing money either to the station or some other agent thereof, you see.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You tried everything.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Learn to think big.
Develop the tricks of length extension.
Bring your weirdest dreams to rampaging life.
Stand erect for your own abnormality.
Get set and form a cave every day.
The student of Dobbs training is practically forced to bring his strangest desires into rampaging life.
I used to get embarrassed of all my glass madness.
Now I get paid.
The pinks pay me fabulous sums of money for what they used to put me in jail for.
Thanks to Bob.
They were no longer今 and now to live the weiter life.

Bye, Matt.

We don't host these movies.

There's one thing, we have tohat our smarts.
Just take a simple drug and now 당신esqueque thing.



Was there smell like fish?
Could it really want to know?
I mean, could it really want to know?
Yeah.
Dobbs is seen to it that he exercises this abnormality.
To do otherwise, he teaches, would be nothing short of spiritual suicide.
Oh, no.
Bob is a way of life to millions, yet half of them don't even know it.
He's the one true living slack master with the spiritual know-how to help you bash through the locked doorway to financial heaven.
He is the one real shortcut to slack.
Now, see another dimension on your TV.
Yes, fear the stark fist of removal no longer.
Become physically attractive overnight.
Attain status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
Bob's promises to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior.
To explore new ways of going over the edge.
And coming right back.
To bring back those who couldn't make it on their own.
You and me together.
To help you.
To create the highest possible earnings from the psychodynamics of abnormality.
To turn conspiracy implanted personality disorders around.
And channel them into an illusion of creativity.
That will fool normals and get you sex.
Oh, you better believe it, dear friends.
We can prove it all the way down the line, I'm afraid.
All the way.
Even though that wasn't actually...
Talk about the amusement park.
Oh.
Oh.
Well, yes.
If we give...
We'll never be able to raise the money for that amusement park now.
Amusement park?
What amusement park?
Oh, the subgenius amusement park in, uh...
Oklahoma.
Down the highway.
There across from the Stuckey's.
Near that big cement dinosaur they got out there?
Yes, there's a giant crude cement bob now.
With a, uh, cafe inside.
Talk about the nail slide.
They must have had some of the hot chili in there in that cafe.
The nail slide.
Yes, and, uh...
Listen to that reaction.
You know, the shower of razors.
And a lot of fun in the funhouse.
Of course, my favorite.
Of course you know what a...
The distorto chamber.
It's a long...
It seems there are some people who have been locked in there since, uh, 1944, but...
Five plus six million year cycle will end in 1998.
Dobbs sees the world entering a new aeon.
Which, in a few years, will bring more wondrous and miraculous change and carnage, insanity, and destruction
than all of mankind's history and prehistory before it.
Bob brings a new destiny for America.
A time of cataclysmic economic change that will offer untold riches and power for those in the know.
While billions of deserving conspiracy dupes fry in hell on Earth.
Oh, and that's the part I can't wait to see.
That's what... That's really the point of every religion.
That's the point we're all...
That every true fanatic is waiting for.
When he gets to see the unbelievers fry the flesh peel off their bones for eternity without killing them.
Well, we're gonna, uh, drop away from... from the dogma for a while.
That is old classic subgenius media barrage material, by the way.
Co-produced by myself, Reverend Ivan Stang, your host.
And Dr. Bleepo Avedathi, and I believe, uh, Brother Cleve Duncan.
Who was at one time involved in the band.
We're gonna continue playing the Swinging Erudites.
This is the Paul McCartney massacre.
You're gonna love it.
This album is crammed with stuff.
Uh, a whole lot of it has...
Each song has one or two words that I, because of our dedication to decency and morality,
and that this is a family show,
uh, we... we... that we have to censor some of those words.
This upcoming material, I don't think, is...
I don't think I do.
This is from the Swinging Erudites.
And before I forget, why don't I give you their address,
so you can write for information on procuring the amazing music by these guys,
or... or tell your record store to write it,
because, uh, they need all... all the support they can get in this part of the country.
They're well known in New York, LA, Boston, so forth.
But down here, it takes a little longer.
And that's Swinging Erudites at P.O. Box 923.
P.O. Box 923.

Northampton, Massachusetts.
Once again, Box 923.
Northampton, Massachusetts.
M.A. 01080.
And this is... I mean, you can't...
This... I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for what we're doing to music in the name of the erudites, but, uh...
But I'm glad.
I'm glad if it hurts.
It hurts you.
I'm so glad.
And I...
And those of you who it most hurt should listen closest to the lyrics here.
Thank you.
You think that people would have had enough of Paul McCartney
I look around me and I see that this is so...
It's Yoko.
Woo-hoo!
Some people want to rid the world of Paul McCartney
What's wrong with that?
We'd like to know
So here we go
Again!







I'm so far away
So I need to get down anyway
Oh, I'm feeling ineptitude
I'm feeling
It's reggae time!
Oh, no it ain't.
Because we got a comment on these calls we're getting.
I mean, this is the most amazing things, dear friends.
A lot of the KCBI listeners expecting to find us on this spot on the dial, or expect to find them here, have instead found this thing that at first sounded like a religious broadcast, and then sounded like the most blasphemous, heretical, evil, satanic thing, and then suddenly it's rock and roll, and suddenly it's, it's, uh, I mean, imagine what they think.
And I will, I will lower myself to clarifying a couple of things.
Number one, the church of the subgenius is not satanic.
We do occasionally make minor financial arrangements with lesser demonic entities.
Only our guru Bob Dobbs makes deals with Satan, but he's not friends.
And the only reason he does that is because Satan owes both Bob and his buddy, the fightin' Jesus, quite a bit of what you might call money.
Souls, actually, is the commodity used.
And, uh,
J.R. Bob Dobbs is an old drinkin' buddy of the fightin' Jesus.
Uh, Bob has instructed us that, uh, that, uh, most everything Jesus said was really cool, considering this.
It's a, it's a bit dated, I mean, you know, but...
Relax, friends.
In your own delusions.
Pull the wool over your own eyes.
And bridge your confusion.
Save me from the clutches of the conspiracy.
We will save you from the clutches of the conspiracy.
We will save you from the chains of time.
We will save you from the men in black.
Because every subgenius must have slack.
Praise Bob!
Yes, dear friends, we are praising Bob real hard tonight.
And praise the fightin' Jesus, too. What the heck?
It's just the fan clubs of the fightin' Jesus that make us mad sometimes.
And, uh, see, we're just not as forgiving.
You know, Bob isn't as well connected as Jesus or any of the other J's I.
There's so many of them runnin' around nowadays.
But there's only one true Bob, friends.
Boy, let me hear you say it!
Yeah!
Praise Bob!
Oh, oh, oh!
Praise Bob!
Oh, oh, oh!
Praise Bob!
Uncontrolled thinking, controlled by Bob, will usher in a spiritual re-brief and a cascade of astounding mysteries, supernatural bridges, and a restoration of lost psychic abilities.
Come on, take a bow!
To totally transform the lives of those who dare to seek them and pay for them.
That's right.
You're lucky to live in the end time.
Here's more money, Bob!
The amount is six, six, six.
Anybody knows that?
Oh, but actually it's, uh, nine, nine, nine, friends.
Bob's number is nine, nine, nine.
He's not the anti-Christ.
He's not Christ, either.
He's more like the anti-anti-Christ.
Whatever the heck that means, we just have to trust in Bob and have faith!
Faith is what it's all about!
Just like with your other religions.
Unquestioning faith.
We don't need to know why or wherefore or where the proof came from.
Bob said it.
I believe it.
That settles it.
Prepare for the launch of the bleeding dead of April.
Remember...
Remember the motto.
Perform the salute.
Slack off and study the pamphlet.
And you can get those pamphlets, friends, by writing for information.
Free information from...
Got that pencil ready?
We'll try to give it again at the end.
Bob...
There's a pipe in the sky, friends.
And you'll follow it anywhere, especially to P.O. Box 148.
148-140-306 in mighty, mighty Dallas, Texas 75214.
Bob at Box 148-140-306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
There is a pipe in the sky, and it follows you everywhere, dear friend.
Are you gonna be ready to dive into Bob's pipe like a pinch of his frock?
And rise on the smoke up to the escape saucers of the sex goddesses on X-Day 1998?
Or are you gonna be left behind like the rest of the unbelievers, frying, frying in a hell of your own making?
Except for the time in the Andes.
And then there's the time on all palaces.
But before I go any further, I do have to give a, um...
A little bit of a, uh...
Well, actually, let's just, let's just, uh...
Calm down here for a second and put on some more...
Oh, what kind of pleasant music.
Here, We Killed Elvis by the Epstein Brothers.
That ought to be good background for this little announcement here.
Ha! You R.S. Slack fans will love this one.
It's doggy dip in garland time again.
Yes, it's time again to begin dipping your dog, and my dog too.
Pesticide dips and baths for all dogs, no cats please, to help get rid of a pesty fleas and ticks,
which can carry, uh, pretty serious diseases.
Some of them designed by our own defense department.
And this happens, uh, these are like, uh, uh, special dip deals.
Uh, I believe it's a free, free dog dips.
At the M Bank of Garland parking lot on Garland Road and Avenue D.
It's a new...
And the reason why is, you know, you gotta get an early jump on those little, uh, arachnid-toid fleas and ticks.
Ticks! Shoot those ticks down, man.
They come in, let's...
Oh, oh, it's so fun to hear them pop.
When you put the match head on them.
And also it helps cool down your pesty fleas.
And the heat of summer.
The dips are effective for seven to ten days, offered every two weeks until mid-September.
It's a pre and recovery-ly a good, uh, cause of ps-ree-ive.
Unless invited, hope to share, uh, uh, I ain't gonna be there, but, uh, but you understand.
You know, it's hard to, it's hard to know sometimes where to take the show.
It becomes so ugly and frightening, even for us.
The challenge of trying to...
To save the unsavable.
To find the unfindable cassettes.
Sometimes drives us to use bits and pieces of actually...
This whole show is composed of bits and pieces of other subgenius shows.
Uh, however, the one I'm about to play is the probably most original of them all.
KPFA, Berkley, uh, excerpts here from more than an hour, less than a show.
Dr. Howell, Puzzling Evidence.
Mobius Rex, Gary Gray.
The Big Broke Friend.
Lies and...
Glass Madness sometimes.
And even once in a while,
M-me.
M-who?
All right, all right, we'll be quiet.
Okay, everybody, keep it down.
The show wife hates the show.
There has to be a show wife hating the show in full voice.
Otherwise, why would Beebother come down here and do it?
Well, there it goes.
I'm gonna show show wife my show thing.
Now who has unbuckled my buckle and unsnapped my shoe?
He's doing that buckly buckling for the camera.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, he really likes that.
Well, I like to get out my bullwhip and, uh, just remove that buckle if it's got a badge attached to it.
Buck naked before Bob.
What? Naked before who?
I don't wanna be that. I don't wanna be that guy.
The buck passeth not. For the doe and the buck dwell in the same nest.
The buck is Bob.
Could be. Could have been.
As we constantly ask ourselves these questions.
Could have been. I guess it's...
Who is Thing?
And why is he allowed to talk twice as fast as me?
I don't know. Because you had too much show air, Gary.
And so did I. It sure felt good.
How can he keep talking like that? I have noticed that he just goes and goes.
It's beautiful. It's like poetry.
This? Yes. It's a constant.
It's like an isosceles triangle stacked onto...
Or bowed just so unto one.
Plank's number.
And it is unbeknownst to me that the price of the power of the askable...
Well, how do you kill it? Do you just plug it in?
Or do you reduce its potentiometer level to the minus 18th power?
The price of a spanking new issue of the book of the subject.
It is still there. You just hand it over to the enemy.
You gotta be able to pull yourself together pretty soon.
And now it's time for the show to be itself.
You wish, buddy.
And how right he is.
Go on, show. Let your hair down.
Yeah, this show is self.
Take your pants off. Shake your shoes out. Take it easy.
Yes, shake your booties. Drive them.
Lean back and just ride with the slack. Surf that buck plane.
Climb onto the slack wagon.
That magic surfboard of Bob.
Oh, God. It's messy in here.
My pants are getting all wet.
I guess I just get too excited around the show or something.
I don't know. Why are we doing this in a...
We're at an ice skating rink. This is terrible. It's cold in here.
It's cold, yeah. These skates don't really fit.
But it's got the best snack bar.
My feet hurt.
I don't know if I want to be here anymore.
Well, take those skates out of me. We've got them upside down.
Oh, that's why they hurt.
Why don't we run up the show?
Is it like... Last time...
What show? What?
We didn't get to run up the show until half an hour after we finished.
Oh, yeah.
By then, it had gotten kind of stale. It wasn't as good anymore.
How do you explain that exactly?
Friends, I don't know if I really want to...
to expose my audience as to what happens after the show is...
and what is actually done with the souls of the listeners afterwards,
which we collect here on the ends of the microphone in these special condensers.
Actually, it's not the microphone.
It's like a bounce back from your speakers that goes back to the transmitter
and then is mailed to the church.
Once again, at B.O. Box 14306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
And you can also get information about...
Well, actually, actually, friends,
it's one of the most important things in the world.
It's almost time for us to go.
I'm going to play one more Swingin' Erudite song pretty quick here to get us out
and sort of transfer the Slack awareness over to Robert Wisdom's show, American Music Party.
I had meant originally to start on this show this new little department,
a new department of the Hour of Slack, which we will start next week,
reading from the book High Weirdness by Mail,
which tells you where to get the weirdest stuff from the weirdest groups,
under the categories of weird science, UFO contactees, Jesus contactees,
even weirder religions than our own or yours,
health and self-improvement scams, new age saps, cosmic hippie stuff,
great catalogs and weird politics, funny clubs, weird art, comics,
sleaze and rudeness, and of course, the cassette revolution in independent music and so forth.
We'll read like one selection per chapter or per show
and tell you the addresses of where to write for free information
from these amazingly either brilliant or completely insane people.
Thank you so much for bearing with the truth and the fragments of it that hurt so bad.
On the Hour of Slack, J.N. Wynn.
Thank you all.
And this is the swinging airy-dots coming right...
Coming right...
Is she really gonna cop from him?
I met him at the candy store
The first hit was free
Yeah, we get the picture
That's how I got hooked by the dealer of the crack
He lit the pipe and what did I do?
Do, do, do
I talked to Jesus and all of his crew
His motley crew
Little then did I suspect
In twenty minutes I'd be a wreck
Thanks for the craving
The dealer of the crack
I saw all those corny ads on TV
The food tube
But what did they mean to a nice girl like me?
Not Jack
My parents said take care of yourself
But they're always wrong about everything else
That's how I got hooked by the dealer of the crack
I got hooked by the dealer of the crack
They kept saying don't be pushed over and over, man
Till I pushed my TV set out the window
It just increases my paranoia, man
Lookin' in my mirror and seein' a police car
I mean, I'm gettin' better
Thank you, David Crosby
No charge, dude
I felt so helpless, what could I do?
Sell blood
I pawned mom's furs and her wedding rings, too
To the house of correction
I could run a three minute mile
Just to get my hands on that little brown bio
You made me a track star, the dealer of the crack
Walk in the street, I'm a crack star
Strip was the last place I spout
Downtown
Lookin' so spelt down at 83 pounds
Anorexia nervosa
Daddy's caddy, I got a board
Sign me into the Betty Ford
Get me a valium, the dealer of the crack
I'm a little campier
I got my Tennessee D-Nicks and Richard Pryor
And like, Timmy Baker, like, she's really cool, you know
And like, she had me some really neat makeup
And, uh, Jerry Lee Lewis
And like, boy, was there a lot of shaking going on there
And, uh, and Julie from the Love Boat
And, uh, she's not the perky anymore
But, like, other people are, like, really cool
And, like, now I feel like water's the limit




And, uh, I'm a little bit more of a fan of them, you know
And, like, thanks to you, dealer of the crack
Like, I host Flebrity, too
And now the people of South Africa would like to thank Paul Simon for his efforts
Okay, boys and girls, one, two, three, ah
Oh
Oh
Oh
And all darkness, my old friend
Oh
I've come to talk with you again
Oh
Because a vision softly creeps
Oh
Left in me
Oh, holla
Oh
Oh

Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
This is KNOA 90.9 FM Dallas
I'm Robert Wisdom
And this is the American Music Party
That is 89.3
Dallas
Such is the
Okay, tonight is, uh, Instrumental Night
I believe this is show number, uh, 22
or something like that.
Or one by Ace Cannon.
