They're here!
A minute.
It's showtime.
Time for the subgenius hour and a half.
The show that dare not even exist.
Join us now as we rocket away out of normal time into showtime.
With your favorite horrifying horror host, Mobius Rex.
And you'll hear the voices of puzzling evidence,
Gary Gaboran, lies in a cast of thousands more.
Or, it's mysterious, evil, spooky, eerie, creepy, wacky, kooky, fun.
The subgenius hour of swag.
And here we got the brains of the whole operation.
Faster signal goes out from here to the satellite.
We pump it out all over the world.
Pretty fancy, huh?
Not too familiar with it, myself.
Okay.
Pedigree.
Support.
Don't satellite program.
Don't satellite program.
Ah.
You're buying time.
Time, friends.
Time.
Because Mr. Moneybags.
Mr. Moneybags.
Come on, now.
He's paying a salary.
It is a pledge drive.
Salary.
He throws in a hundred bucks a week,
and consequently I can't preach against drinking
because his ass box is full of beer.
I hope he's talking about you, my friend.
Pay us not to preach about beer.
Because they all smoke.
For me.
I have to let them out for 15 minutes
between Sunday school and worship service
so they can go out and light up a Chesterfield
or something or the end of it.
And what kind did Jesus smoke, friends?
It's time to open your heart,
close your mind, unzip your lips,
and bend over
because you're about to receive
the word of Bob.
And pull out that wallet, friends,
because it is pledge drive.
Yes, yes, yes.
Yes.
Even though it is pledge drive night
for the originating hour of Slack Station
here in Dallas, friends.
And we will be intermittently demanding
that you phone in and pledge your hard-earned money.
I just have to spend a big part of this show
telling you about my latest adventures
at the Starwood Festival in rural New York.
Last week.
The Starwood Festival
sponsored by ACE.
A-C-E.
The Association of Consciousness Exploration
there in Cleveland.
And on top of that,
I have so much new tape
from all over the country
that I want to play for you.
I don't know how I can fit it all into one hour
and grub for the money, too.
So I guess I'll plan to talk about Starwood this time
and then run to the next one.
I'll get some tapes from it in future shows
as the recordings come in
and as we have time to edit them.
But, uh, dear friends,
don't you forget for a minute
it is pledge drive time.
Yeah, I don't know what it is, friends,
but during the last month I've been traveling
and our magic post office box,
the whole of Bob,
has been crammed.
Just, just...
cram-packed with tape contributions.
Bob's songs,
rants,
media barrages,
music collections,
new subgenius radio.
And on top of that,
I have all manner of suppressed information
about, uh,
things like AIDS
and all sorts of really bizarre news clippings.
Why, our cup runneth over
and we thank you loyal listeners
and supporters
who send us these tapes.
And we assure you that we shall indeed
be previewing them and running very best
and the very weirdest
here on this oh so lovely
Hour of Slack.
Oh yes, it's a short hour,
but such a...
a sweet hour.
Oh, Hour of Slack.
Sweet Hour of Slack.
I record...
more...
did you once...
and then...
play you back.
Ah, but oh yeah, man.
I was...
What I was gonna do...
is brag about how much fun I had
and that you could have had
at this Starwood thing in, uh, New York.
And all my fellow ministers
who took my word for it and had the money and went
will tell you the same.
Same thing that I am.
That it is just about the coolest damn party you ever saw.
Every man and woman is a star.
As above, so below.
Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law.
And too much is always better than not enough.
And at this point you're thinking,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, them witches have put a spell
on old Reverend Stang and brainwashed him.
Actually, it's the other way around.
But, uh, I digress.
Actually, of course, the Starwood festivals
are most informative.
I mean, there's all these workshops
and celebrity weirdo speakers
and, quote, networking and all that.
Especially if you're interested in, oh, like,
alternative religions, realities, and real estate.
Like, real estate from the other dimensions.
Uh, the...
The ACE gang in Cleveland originally planned these whole things
as sort of an outdoor yearly college of weirdness.
A Mondo 2000 sort of cyberspace-y general gathering of,
well, not conspiracy outcasts,
but more like conspiracy dropouts.
Because the neo-pagan scene is so well entrenched
in that area up there that, uh, Starwood,
as its corny name implies,
is also a major focus for that scene.
And, in fact, it's the largest, quote,
pagan, unquote, gathering in...
the U.S.
Uh, now to, uh, some subgeniuses, I'm sure.
The, uh, term pagan conjures up these humorless
Wiccans and Druids and Crystal Heads and astrologers
with names like Star...
Uh, Starchild and Hawkfire.
You know, real conspiracy duke positive thinking religious nuts.
The boring kind.
And there are some of those,
but that's exactly why ACE
started sponsoring subgenius devivals
as part of the programming.
Now, if you're the kind of subgenius
who can't stomach any kind of peace-love hippie throwback stuff,
then Starwood would probably not be for you.
But these are like the 90s hippies.
Or the Zippies, as they say in England.
And, you know, I mean,
what's so funny about peace, love, and understanding?
They go real well with froth and sex and rock and roll,
and they really disturb the pinks.
That's the main thing.
And Starwood is the kind of event that would indeed
freak the pink.
Uh, cause you see the ACE core group there in Cleveland,
the Chameleon Club,
and the various Ohio...
Ohio, New York subgenius pagans.
They're like a massive force of major new doctor blood.
A legendary style clench.
A mighty clench of legend.
Like unto Doctors for Bob of Little Rock
or the San Francisco Show Band.
Or the Swingin' Love Corpses of Missouri
and the Bolivian Dobstown Clench.
I should mention that all the Chameleons are subgenius.
But not all the subgenii are Chameleons.
It's a very select group.
But, friends, they are a force to be reckoned with.
And if you know what a proud Texan I am,
then you should appreciate what I'm saying there.
They know how to attract and radiate slack majorly.
Majorly.
Speaking of which, I saw this phrase spray-painted
in, uh,
several places, both in Cleveland and around Starwood,
that said, and I quote, in rough handwritten letters,
quote,
LDS rules, with a Z.
Majorly.
Or magerly.
That's majorly with a G, I guess.
LDS rules magerly.
Now, uh,
that must tell you something.
Now, before I describe the subgenius events in specific
that happened at the Starwood thing,
and also tell you about the upcoming events
that you can go to,
I just want to sort of set the scene.
Um,
I don't go to these Starwood things just to preach
and to, uh, sell baubles.
I go for what happens aside from the subgenius stuff.
It's in tents around this place at night.
It's a well-equipped campground on privately owned land,
and there's about a thousand adults all camped out with tents and teepees
and domes,
and a lot of them sell New Age trinkets and gee-gaws and stuff during the day,
and there's body paint,
and painting booths,
and gorgeous body painted people walking around,
oh yes,
and tattooing booths and jewelry,
and you name it.
There's that and all these workshops on drumming and magic
with a K and computers and stuff going on.
That's during the day.
But at night,
the, uh, the drumming starts.
And, uh, it's drumming around this bonfire.
A lot of drums, dear friends,
and a very big bonfire.
And on Saturday night, the last night of the festival,
it's the hugest bonfire you ever saw,
with this big lighting ceremony and so forth,
and this sort of frenzied trance dancing starts up,
and boy howdy,
if you've never heard of it,
if you've never been to one of these things,
it is something to behold.
You get used to the nudity pretty quick,
but it's the, uh, the vibes,
it's the energies that start up.
And you can feel that.
It transcends any misgivings you might have
about the gross superstition and pop New Age religion
of some of the folks.
Uh, it hits you right at your core,
because human beings,
all human beings,
have been dancing naked to drums around fires
a lot longer than they've been watching TV
or listening to radios.
And when you see it again,
you know it's true.
And it is a gas.
It is a gas.
What can I say?
But it's a gas.
I personally am still just a little too inhibited, maybe,
hm,
to get out and do that thing myself.
Maybe next time, but...
Whoa!
Uh...
Uh, the fact that the very air itself at this place is,
shall we say, electric,
as are a lot of the people,
kind of adds to the grokking of just what it is
that you're seeing and doing.
I mean, these people are tapping into the old fertility world
and the new religion.
And there's kind of a steaminess to the whole atmosphere
that gets to your core,
to your...
your...
center.
And I actually espied some not entirely unpublic fornication
occurring in the shadows by the trail near the fire this time.
And it was a beautiful thing.
And the drums,
which are ever-present at Starwood,
and the whole past dawn all over the whole area,
they're sort of conducive to this whole thing.
And there's a lot of romance happening.
A lot of people sort of match up.
And I...
I mean, this is a place where there are folks
skilled in tantric practices
and, uh, steeped in tantric lore.
And if you don't know what tantra is,
go to the library,
because I can't go into that kind of detail
on the radio.
But it's Pan and the Goddess having a party, dear friends.
And Pan is a yeti,
and the Goddess is an angel.
A bad angel.
A bad, bad angel.
But an angel nonetheless.
And you know, friends,
I can't express how proud I am
that the Church of the Subgenius
is able to contribute to that steamy atmosphere.
Not so much by me, although I do my best,
but mainly by way of the new lady,
subgenius preachers
who have come along
and who are...
who were at Starwood.
And regular...
I'm gonna be playing that coming up
if you call in your pledges.
So far nobody's calling.
Oh, okay.
So much for that.
Um...
Wouldn't you have loved
to have heard the snippets
of the steamy preaching of Cleveland's
Sister Mary Squared Alcontrere
and Reverend Gobi
and the Connie channeling
of Sister Velveteen Sly,
of Madison,
who gets guys to suck
the chocolate-flavored
dental-dam-covered banana on stage?
Imagine this.
Okay?
Here's this bonfire.
These pagans are cavorting me.
I'm naked around it.
These drums are throbbing.
And Sister Mary Squared,
your subgenius sister,
is there in her birthday suit,
embellished with arcane body-paint symbology,
sort of like the Illustrated Man,
and wearing a garland of vines
around her head like a fertility sprite.
And she's 21 years old,
and she's on knockout,
and she's scampering up to couples
with this bag of honey dust,
saying,
on the honey dust ferry,
where would you like to be licked by your honey?
And she dusts them
with this edible honey dust
wherever they say they want it.
You know, they get embarrassed,
like, oh gosh, my neck,
all over my face,
or down my pants.
And so she dusts each of the couple,
and they would then proceed
to lick off
the honey dust from each other.
It's a lascivious thing, dear friends.
Praise Bob, and hail Connie,
and Connie's star is rising,
I can tell you that.
And then, of course,
there's the short-duration marriages
and the lascivious preaching.
I must have married about a hundred couples,
groups, individuals, mammals,
you name it.
I mean, people marry their dog.
If they don't have a sweetie with them,
they marry their wallet, their whatever.
And although that subgenius marriage
may last only 24 hours,
you better believe me when I say
these young folks take advantage of it,
friends, to the hilt.
To the hilt.
Ah, yes, yes.
True love can exist
even in the age of paranoia.
And drugs.
You want to know about the drugs, I know.
Well, one of the guests there was Timothy,
Dr. Timothy Leary,
Dr. Tim, who did a fantastic couple of lectures.
And...
Anybody who puts down Dr. Tim
hasn't seen him lately, that's all I can say.
He's a very funny guy,
a true mutant.
But after the fireworks show,
heard in the background here,
the multimedia electric performance art,
mega psychedelic light show,
industrial music,
extravaganza by Reverend St. Ron Slade.
And you'd have to see my videos of this to believe it.
After this giant outdoor spectacular,
this subgenius comes up to me.
And he hands me a bag of marijuana.
Common street marijuana.
And he says,
Reverend Stang, I was gonna give it to Tim Leary,
but he's not here, so well, I figured I'd give it to you.
And I really appreciated that sentiment.
But when I got off and smelled it,
I realized what it was.
It was this illegal substance,
and not a particularly odorous strain of it,
to tell the truth.
And, uh...
You know, of course I threw it away,
because none of us ever break the law.
And besides,
I had FROP to smoke.
Real HabaFROP Zipulops grown in Tibet,
and not, I repeat, not an illegal drug.
Now, there were a lot of people there,
heard in the background,
uh, who I suspect may have been making
responsible adult use of certain chemical and vegetable sacraments,
but you know me, I'm Mr. Straight.
I'm high on Bob.
Well, FROP, that's something different.
You can't, you can't come down from...
FROP or Bob.
But what I thought was most impressive,
really a lot more impressive than any of that,
was when I passed a homemade stand
by the campfire,
where a lot of little,
actually just a couple of little ten-year-old girls
were giving out free s'mores.
You know, the graham crackers with chocolate and toasted marshmallows.
They were the greatest s'mores in the world.
The s'mores you ever tasted.
These little girls were putting everything they had
into cooking them up right,
and they were giving them away
to anybody who came by.
For free, dear friends, for free!
Now, I later discovered that their parents ran the coffee stand
at the altar to the goddess Caffeina,
at which I worshipped a lot.
But it was just so cute.
And you know what else was cute at this thing?
The subgenius event.
Well, it was all kind of intertwined,
but there were these pure subgenius periods
around the Big Tent.
Reverend Velveteen Sly did this
Connie channeling performance one night
that was both ultra-sexy and ultra-feminist.
That is sort of truly Connie-istic.
And you know, dear friends,
subgenius feminism blows other feminism out of the water,
because it's so much more feminine.
And another practitioner of this art
is of course the new superstar of subgenius,
church preacher, Sister Mary Squared.
And now, in our first D-Vival,
I had given this discourse on
premutantian yeti biology and culture.
Sort of a scientifically lewd description of yeti sex,
which I can never play on the radio.
But I was totally upstaged
when Sister Mary came out
completely stark, raving, nude,
and delivered a startling rant on just about everything.
And excerpts will be covered in upcoming shows
if we ever get enough pledges from you cheapskates
to continue those shows.
And you'll stand up to attention
when you hear this stuff, friends.
And women will be inspired to grab their slack
and the guys will be inspired to help out whenever possible.
Huuuh!
And we got at Starwood,
we discovered that we're about to have
a lot more homosexual representation.
There was this one gay subgenius member,
so to speak,
who's working on the brag of the queer subgenius.
Now I'm really looking forward to that.
Anyway, it was all just astounding, dear friends.
It was astounding.
It was so much fun.
For me to be in this place
with all this pure fun going on
in the company of such other subgenius
and hour of slack illuminaries
as Reverend Gleepo Abernathy
and Reverend Gobi
and so many others.
And the devil girls who danced in red body paint
and just about nothing else
left over from our MTV shoot
did their thing again around the bonfire.
And it had rained and there was mud everywhere.
Woodstock style.
And at one point the naked bonfire dancers
had groveled in the mud
and were dancing around like mud men and mad men.
And at some point,
Dr. Legume,
a fine Pennsylvania subgenius doctor
whose first Starwood this was,
came up to me and said,
you know, this is pretty impressive,
but from where I come from,
we worship plastic and electrical appliances.
And so,
some of this didn't make a lick of sense to me.
And we usually danced naked around the microwave
or the food processor or the dishwasher or something.
And I used the TV myself to do that.
I heard the coolest subgenius line
at Starwood.
Now I don't know who it originally came from,
but it was this.
And it applies,
to why you're not calling in with your pledge money.
That excuse is so lame,
not even Bob could make it walk.
And Sister Mary Squared added the punchline,
no, but Connie sure could.
Huh!
And after it was all over
and starting to close down,
Reverend Gobi and I were talking about this and that
and how totally amazing the whole festival was.
And she said,
Reverend Stang, do you believe in magic now?
And I said to her, somewhat haughtily,
Reverend Gobi,
I believe in that which leads to the path of least resistance.
I practice no mind and break thinking.
I follow the hints and the synchronicities in my life.
And I tithe to Bob.
So does that answer your question?
Magic? Hell no, I'm a rationalist.
I'm no religious nut.
It's the magic of Bob, friends.
Bob and Connie.
You can't have one without the other.
Well, actually, you can't have Bob,
but you can have,
you can have Connie without Bob,
but you can't have Bob without Connie.
Because he won't have it.
Well, I probably ought to quit talking about the Starwood thing
and play some tapes from it.
I do have tapes from it coming up.
But in the meantime,
happy Llamas to you pagans who might be listening.
As far as I can tell, there are none in Texas.
Today is the day
of the Druid holiday of Llamas,
when they burn the Wicker Man.
And that's what my friends in Cleveland are doing right now.
The person they like the least in their little tribe
is being burned alive in a giant wicker basket
shaped like a man.
And all the pagan-affiliated subgenius radio ministers
who played this show specifically told me to say hi to y'all
from Reverend Sly, Reverend Gopi, and Reverend Bleepo.
Oh, and I have one last thing to say.
If anybody listening happened to pick up my bright red psychedelic notebook
full of new subgenius book notes
from the Starwood stage,
please return it to the subgenius P.O. box.
Just the handwritten notes. That's all we need.
Oh, yes.
And this music that's playing in the background
is, in fact...
Well, I'm gonna stop it right here and say what it is.
It's, I guess, a band and or album
called Collapse
by Reverend Geno Side
in Virginia Beach.
Virginia.
Yes, yes.
And, uh, well, I know what I'm gonna be playing in the background from now on.
It's a beautiful thing.
I'm gonna go ahead and run some tape
of Starwood.
Here are, uh, coming up
some brief moments, uh, that I'm gonna play.
I happen to catch from tape
from the Starwood preaching.
We do appreciate those of you who have called in your pledges.
You're the only ones that these people are speaking to.
You're the only ones that this music has done for.
This, uh, Collapse music by Reverend Geno Side.
And you're the one that Reverend Velveteen Sly
and that, uh, uh, Sister Mary Squared Alcontrera
are speaking to
in these, uh,
amazing, authentic revival tapes.
Ah, yes, and praise Bob.
Women think it's another baseball team.
And those old men in power holding tight
the binding structures of class, race, and sex.
Those men cry treason and treachery.
Nothing is worse than your mates who let you down.
And those men who let you down.



Oh, my God.
Jesus did?
Yeah, he did a jamming version.
In 32?
Back in 32.
Not in 1932.
Them was some lean years.
His was some lean years.
I was on the Mideast tour with him.
One day I found him dead on the crapper,
just like Elvis.
And I had to take him off.
He'd wipe to death on his own vomit.
I had to wash his beard.
You're the guy who did death for Jesus?
And I had to, yeah, because he was already croaked, you know.
And I had to take him out and nail him up on the cross myself
because I knew what was going to happen, you know,
once he was dead, all his fans were going to get together.
And I bought his contract real cheap from his manager
and sold it to the Christians afterwards.
See, I had to nail him up because if not,
all these Catholics, they'd be going in the Catholic church,
but instead of going like this, they'd be squatting and grunting, you know.
And that's a little bit too close to experimentation for me.
But, you know, after I sold him,
I don't get any royalties either out of them using Jesus.
Oh, I have no wonder you feel guilty.
I just feel stupid.
No, actually, I just kind of feel guilty
that I sold him the contract in the first place.
Well, it's not pornography, officer.
It's empowerment.
That's right.
You're just empowering these people.
We'll be back with the answer after these messages.
These messages.
How did you...
How did you...
How did you get that little implant in your throat?
How much did that cost?
It was very expensive.
That little sampler you got in there.
I didn't have to pay for it.
The government grants that you...
The job, the radio station paid for it?
No, I think I learned it from the aliens when they picked me up.
Oh.
As a child.
Oh, you hadn't told me that story.
I figured there was probably something like that.
I figured there was something about aliens and sonar.







It's funny how many sub-geniuses have things inserted in them by the aliens.
Yeah, I don't know what I've got inserted in me.
Well, that voice synthesizer.
That's one of them.
There's other things, too.
Several different kinds of...
I like the...
Do that eight track trick where you can sing the songs in eight different voices at once.
Oh, no, that would scare people too much, I hope you get...
Spontaneously.
It's a pretty damn paleo one.




It's got to die so I can live again.
I got to die so I can live again.
If we let this go on now and everybody condones it,
how long is it before everybody is stark naked?
It's a mystery. It's a mystery.

It's a mystery.
Sorry about that premature immaculate conception a minute ago.
There was a little confusion backstage here.
Reverend Velveteen Sly,
uh,
is a radio,
uh,
minister from Madison,
Wisconsin.
Yeah.
One of them hippie towns.
But tonight she's,
uh,
going to tell you,
well,
she's going to do the cry of the little Connie.
Oh.
Reverend Velveteen Sly.
Praise Bob.
Yeah.
Hey,
little Connie.
Hey.
I said,
God.
But are you crazy?
Hey,

confronting you or something like that?
rup
me, no, don't do those things little boys do. Don't play that way with little boys.
Why can't I sit with my legs apart? Why can't I touch myself down here? Why are you always
telling me no? Why are you telling me no? When I grow up, I'm going to say yes. I'm
going to say yes all the time. Whenever I can, I'm going to say yes. Why do I have to
wear this silly dress? It makes me look like such a girl. I don't want to be a girl. I'm
a town girl. I'm daddy's little girl. I help daddy all the time. But I'll never be daddy's
little boy. I want to do the thing that boys get to do. I want to climb the trees. I don't
want this stupid dress. I want to take my shirt off and roll in the mud. Why can't I
do it? The boys get to do it. Why is it bad? Why are you telling me it's bad? Why are you
telling me it's bad? I want it. I want it. I want it. I want more. I want all of it.
I want it. I want it. I want to cry if I want to.
Well, who cares what the boys can do? Who cares what the boys can do? When I grow up
and I get bigger and I get older, I can do a lot of things the boys can't do. You just
wait.
You just wait.
I can do it. I can do it. Because I'm going to show you, I'm going to grow up to be a
Connie. To start like this. Under my little Catholic girl skirt. Yeah, I'm going to grow
up to be a Connie. I'm going to be a big girl. I'm going to grow up and I'm going to grow
out. I'm going to be a well-rounded woman. I won't be like my mother. I'm going to be
strong and I'll be good looking. I can bleed and not die. And I'm going to make you cry.
I can have multiple orgasms. I can keep you up all night. I want it. I want it. I want
more. I want more. I want it all and I want it now. And I'm going to get it.
Because I'm a Connie. No one's going to tell me no anymore. I'm going to say yes. I'm going
to say yes as much as I want. I'm going to say yes anytime I feel like it. And I always
feel like it.
So, you want to play?
I'm looking for a real doctor.
But,
that big boy,
with that long,
hot, hard,
slack-inch long, blood-filled
thermometer,
will do.
Thanks.
Oh, thank you,
Sister Velveteen Sly.
Uh-huh.
We are not mainstream people.
We are...
Of course, this is our
temple here. I'm honored and again inspired to be here in this particular turf.
This is in Western New York State.
I'm sure you know that for the last 300 years or 200 years, Western New York State was one
of the great launching out spots for the Movement-
Well, one of these Googles are good.



Outward and westward, we'll trust, into the 21st century.
You know, we're coming up with a millennium in seven of these decades.
I have tried to be anachronistic.
That's where I was born.
I checked it back, and I was conceived on the day that alcohol was made an illegal drug in this country.
Praise Dr. Taylor.
I consider that an omen.
Dick Dobbs, the anti-Bob.
And that's something that the conspiracy has stuck in to our little world to confuse us.
Because every girl always wanted to have a dick.
Because the guys could get away with murder in this little world.
But the conspiracy...
The conspiracy is set up.
So we would always run around and go,
Well, I want my dick.
I want to play around in the mud.
Why can't I go out and have my hairy G.I. Joe and have him get together with my Barbie doll?
Why can't I have a Barbie doll that can run around and have a gun?
And they confused us.
And that's what I want to talk about.
I want to talk about the initiation into the church of the subgenius.
I'm the Reverend Mary Squared, au contraire.
And as soon as I can get this microphone in mind, I'll come around and talk to you all.
With my hole.
So I want to talk about the initiation into the church of the subgenius,
which is all about recovering the true yetis within ourselves.
They're in there.
They're in there.
And I know somewhere there is such a thing as genetic memory.
And we are genetic supremacists.
So we better start thinking while we can.
There's a Bob Dobbs and there's a Dick Dobbs.
And the two are one in the same but kind of separate.
And you've got to watch out for the dicks, ladies.
They'll get you every time.
My name is Mary.
This is my hole.
It comes fully.
It comes fully.

It comes fully.





It's equipped with a brain that can think for itself
and knows when to squeeze at the right time.
Thank you very much.
Hail, Connie.
Hail, Connie.
Dick's the kind of guy that'll try and trap you into a relationship
and tell you that he wants to be with you forever
and wants you to get down on your knees and bark for him like a dog.
I'd love to tell you all about this story.
We're going to have a down-home religious devival.
We're going to have a fun day.
We're going to be casting out of false prophets.
Is everybody ready to be saved?
Is everybody ready to be healed?
All right.
Well, I guess I'll begin with this story.
I really don't have a rant prepared.
Normally I'm the kind of ranner that has everything down to a tee nice
and squared away so I've got myself covered.
But this time I'm uncovering everything.
It's time to pull the wool over our own eyes and rip the veil down. Don't you think?
So I brought a bunch of props I don't like using a podium I like to talk with my whole body
Kind of puts the emphasis in all the right places just like the yetis
So I came to Starwood because I've been busy doing this show the marriage of Bob and Connie
Which some of you may have seen?
Yeah, I decided that I wanted to be in the magic community and learn all about magic, but I
Didn't really go into the Namby Pamby wiccans. I don't get offended
I've learned a lot from all of you wiccan people out there and all of you thelemites
But I decided to invent my own magic techno magic time plus money equals slack
It's a real easy concept to get except that the conspiracy is always trying to cover that up
You see you can't avoid the noise, but you can
Annoy the void
So I set up this altar at my campground because I wanted to banish
unhealthy male sexuality
Choke my chicken no
Choke your chicken. Thank you very much
Because it's time to get rid of our chickens and to start acting like we're true yetis
They say that myths aren't made anymore. Well all
contraire
There are myths and stories and heroes right among us now and everybody has their own million dollars to make
And when you start remembering that you're true yetis, you'll start really living
And then you'll have a story to tell and if you have any Bob or Connie in you
You'll start writing it down so you can make that million dollars. I
was inspired
by the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs
This piece is by sister melodious chops and her choir of prehensile membrane and
And we did this this thing this whole like extravaganza sort of thing
the marriage of Bob and Connie and
as that was the rant and rave and as that was in rehearsal these these I
don't know these songs the Bob just like, you know, just fall out of my head and
This is one of them
I
Will I used to be a sinner cuz I truly did believe
That the Virgin Mary Jesus and me worth the gas thief and he's to give my dough to tell
evangelistic snob, but then the light it's shown upon me and I found J.R. Bob Dobbs and now
my wallet
belongs to Bob
Yes my wallet belongs to Bob
Well, my heart is for my honey and my brain is for my job
But my wallet belongs to Bob
Well Bobby goes a-frappin' every chance that he can get
He can outperform the biggest without even breaking sweat
So I gave him all my money reverend stank that it was right and for only $20
He did save my soul tonight
So my wallet belongs to Bob
Yes my wallet belongs to Bob
No more can the conspiracy my lowly wages rob
my
My wallet belongs to Bob.
Well, Bobby's got a sweetie, and Connie is her name.
And her ways could put the sacred whore of Babylon to shame.
She reaches in Bob's pocket, feels around for something hard,
then pulls her hand out holding on to his mighty credit card.
So my wallet belongs to Bob.
Yes, my wallet belongs to Bob.
And I never have to fear, because I know Connie's on the job.
And my wallet belongs to Bob.
Well, you may have your lady and your horny green man, too.
Their elemental energy may be what's right for you.
But someday you'll grow weary of those paganistic cults
and give away your money to the one that gets results.
And then your wallet will be Bob.
Yes, your wallet will be for Bob.
And you will be subgenius, not another stupid slob.
Because your wallet will be for Bob.
Well, I believe I am much calmer.
Got the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer sitting on the dashboard of my car.
Pray.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Yeah! Enjoy the rest of the Kaisers. Thank you very much.
Praise Bob!
Please answer the show.
Yes, praise Bob.
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
If you meet Bob on the road, kill him.
Yeah!
Decapitate him, hurl his head into space and do whatever you want with the bleeding neck stump.
How was that?
It was beautiful.
It was beautiful.
It was beautiful.
It was beautiful.
It was beautiful.
And...
on...
For those of you out of town...
And especially for those of you in Chicago...
Don't forget the World Subgenius Convention coming up September 4th through 6th.
This is the closest thing to a subgenius woodstock.
It's, like I say, in Chicago.
And I'm about to give you the address to write to for free information.
Go ahead and write to us here.
Here at the Church of the Subgenius, Dallas Headquarters.
We'll send you that free information at P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
But if you're listening to one of the three stations in Chicago that play the Hour of Slack,
then just be ready to go to the Prop Theater
on September 4th.
And you will encounter Robert Shay, co-author of Illuminatus,
Sister Mary Squared Au Contrere, preaching.
Sister Velveteen Sly plans to be there.
I will be there with G. Gordon Gordon.
And above all, the swinging love corpses will be at the Chicago World Subgenius Convention
September 4th in Chicago.
We have given you every possible way to get the information you need.
And if you don't have it by now, then you probably don't deserve to be there either.
I'm really sick and tired of the number of gimme bobs and fake subgeniuses out there.
Want to be?
Oh yeah, we want to support Bob in every way as long as it doesn't slightly inconvenience us.
Yeah.
Um, but, uh...
Yes, the only way to do it...
Well, I'm gonna give you a phone number to call.
In Chicago.
Got your pencil ready?
312-738-0985
That's 312-738-0985 for information about the World Subgenius Convention
with all the fanatical preaching, all the naked babes and dudes,
all the lascivious behavior that we have been discussing this evening
will be yours.
Yes, it will be yours.
And I wish I had more time to tell you all the, um, madness and truth that has happened here and to us.
I learned many amazing facts about myself at Starwood that I didn't know,
all emanating from the subgenius rumor mill of those who never met me.
It seems your pastor, Reverend Stang,
has this reputation that precedes him.
In fact, it precedes my having done any of it, but I ain't complaining.
The gays in Madison said they'd heard I liked to hit on young men.
Mm-hmm.
Somebody else said they heard I had a whole harem of girls somewhere.
In Rochester, they thought Sister Mary Squared was my new young wife.
And she is, but only one of them.
Some had heard I was blind.
Some expected a bloated nerd instead of a skinny hippie.
And my friends, I want you to know anything you hear from anybody about me,
it's all true.
So tell all your friends.
In fact, you can tell your Christian friends that your preacher gets more action
than Jimmy Swagger, Jim Baker, Jim Jones, and Bob Tilton all put together.
I'm the reincarnation of Rasputin, dear friends.
Bob is a sex god.
Connie is goddess.
Yo, Pan!
Yog-so-fav!
Hoo!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
And for those of you who just can't seem to come up with the money,
here's what I have to say to you.
With the help of D.K. Jones and Reverend Bruce Grant,
here's what I have to say to you.
In answer to your first question, can good Bob quit you a job?
Why, hi, homie, shite, Bob the Doggy!
Or I'll be gobs of gully gosh.
You better puke your pee on full-throttle pumpkin teat.
Elsewise, your wonks'll be a wagon down on Mammy's hind nanny.
Cause there's a case of slaves and slack robbers out to chop your slobber.
Pigs and dicks lickin' the cheeky-spinky off your tongue.
Just when you're ripin', throw them the load.
Slap back them and bomb out.
They don't want your bone to be.
And if you got the cleft in step, mommy-o,
they'll hate your worth eight ways worse.
So why can't you please them, proper squeeze them
when the gushers are goin' all normal and anti-right-linin'?
Crushin' those gangsta sets in your sneezin' chamber?
Tastin' an empty platter in your beanbag, boy?
Where's your rollerballs at?
I can't drop me no love-ro on these luchu-luchu logo bands.
They cut your check, per se.
Water your creamery comin' and goin'.
And the slobber to love it won't be the ewer of it.
Cause the slacky-taps of the grinning sinners be their claw to bleed.
They are dogs who do ya,
but you are lettin' them bang down the barn doors.
And your cows are gettin' it and out.
You be gonna moon the man
or volley him mooin' to the slashter house like good babies.
You're gonna have to spreech English, Jake.
Get right with your muscle snake, snub monkey.
Quick spritz in your blizzerer, lessen it snowin' like lube juice.
Elsewise, you're clean bleeders blowin' hot water.
You'll co-blind or please your neater tryin' not to.
Either way, you're gettin' up on the wrong side orbit
to this kind of free-peed-needed side trade.
Well?
Or won't you gonna just stand there like a damnin' nickel slug?
Or you gonna puss your clipperer in a righteous hargony?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, boy.
You got weenie ribbers in your fluter tubes.
A joint gumption with the true and the seed brave.
And pee for bald man?
It's sin, your genes.
Buy out the gland owners with what you earn.
With your skinny, peelin' face of pain.
Bleeds a piece of the fine ass.
Have a fuzzy, big bollock.
And strut your heart-fest soft blow for the rack-oil of the rocket racket.
This space outer belongs to your worship and the crutch of your choice toys.
And Ivan, fallin' in the flush-lugger appears to let him stack.
You know who's a-comin'?
Them kids ain't keen to hob on nobody, no sir, ma'am.
Can you just order?
They're breakin' the buzzer of the good.
And they'll be scorned by your baby.
But this has been your Re-Annunciator.
Thank me.
Thank me.
Thank me.
Thank me.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob. Post Office Box 140306. Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
At last I have control of your radio tubes.
And I do too.
Good. This is Ren Hoack.
And this is Stimson J. Catt of the Ren and Stimpy Show.
And you're listening to the Hour of Slack on KNON.
Keep listening, you idiots.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Else I shall kill you.
Star Wars.
Star Wars.
Star Wars.
Star Wars.
Star Wars.
Star Wars.
Star Wars.







Star Wars.
Star Wars.
Star Wars.
Star Wars.



























Sing along with me
Starwood
Starwood
It's easy if you see
Starwood
Get out of Starwood
Come and leave your worries behind
Starwood
Get out of Starwood
Come and exercise
And microwave your mind
Starwood
Starwood

Yeah, but if you can get over Catholic Church, you can get over anything.
The Catholic Church never had a...
Maybe I'm not a...
The Catholic Church has driven many youths into the arms of Bob.
But I was not one of them.
And into the arms of paganism.
Yeah, where would the pagans and the subgenius types and weirdos be
without the conspiracy, the Baptists, the Catholics,
and everything else?
Every other kind of fundamentalist.
Including the fundamentalist witches.
There is such a thing.
And it's sad because I was thinking about it.
I mean, for the most part, this is such a cool crowd.
It's not mostly fundamentalist witches, but I...
Every now and then you run into some that you think...
Now, 200 years ago, these people would have been burning witches.
And now they call themselves witches.
And anyway, they're trying to burn somebody else.
Sometimes they want to burn me or other subgeniuses because we...
Well, for a long time, we weren't politically correct
because there were not enough women actively involved.
That's right.
And that has changed.
And we've published a very pornographic subgenius magazine recently that...
But it was not...
It was more like pornography for women than for men.
It had a lot of pictures of...
Well, it was pretty nasty.
Swing and meet Jesus.
Yeah, swing and meet Jesus.
And, boy, my friends in Berkeley, my male friends in Berkeley,
were terribly upset and offended by it and said,
that's going to drive all the gals out of the church.
But they were thinking human gals.
They weren't thinking about subgenius gals.
That's a whole different thing.
And so the next issue promises to be even more disgusting and rude and sexist,
but it's almost all by women.
Yeah!
Honest.
Oh, hey, you know, the Ace people just told me that they have now counted,
so far, 800 adults at this festival.
800 people.
Starwood is a free concert now.
Tear down the fences.
This is a city.
The New York State Thruway is closed, man.
So far, as far as we know, this is the largest neo-pagan gathering
that's ever happened in the U.S.
Ever, ever.
Every day of the week, I'm in a different city.
If I stay too long, the people try to pull me down.
You don't really need me.
We talk about it like a dog.
We talk about the books I've read.
But they don't realize they're the ones who swear, baby.
Hey!
And that's why.
Lord, you can't hold me.
Yeah.
I don't want to be tied down.
I don't.
I got to move on.
Hey!
Starbreeze.
Yeah, it's a deal with a breeze, baby.
Starbreeze.
I said the ride's a breeze.
Starbreeze.
Yeah.
I can't stay out.
Nothing, nothing can win.
Hey!
Oh, I'm too loose, baby.
I'm too loose, baby.

Listen to this woman, I said.
Women here, women there try to keep it up.
I said, okay.
But they don't realize that it's so easy to break, baby.
Yeah, but sometimes, sometimes I did lose my heart.
Kind of getting harder.
That's when I got to move.
Before I get the...
Come on.
So relax your breath.
So relax your breath.
