Step in to the wonderful world of autodynamics.
Step in to the swept wing dodge of 1957.
Here is magic in metal.
A motor car just four and a half feet low.
A long, lean master of motion that unleashes a hurricane of power.
Its thundering aircraft type V8 engine will give you a thrilling new concept.
Of automotive performance.
And the swept wing dodge breaks through the vibration barrier.
Into a new realm of silence.
To almost completely shield you from outside sound and shock.
Yeah?
Well, what do you want?
The subgenius of slack.
Oh. Alright.
All set? Okay. Make it a good one.
This is a good time of the year to thank all of you at your station for your interest in presenting the subgenius of slack program.
It's a real pleasure to work with you all and I appreciate your cooperation very much indeed.
May I also wish you and yours a most prosperous and happy
BAAAMBEE!
Ha ha!
Welcome to the Procrastinator's Handbook.
Mastering the art of procrastination.
In this program I'll show you how to throw off everything.
Pay fees for bounced checks, late payment of bills, or high-interest credit card balances.
You're a crazy procrastinator!
Clutter on your desk, dining room, table, counters, closets, or floors.
Practice, practice, practice. BUT CHAOS IN THE SPACE AROUND YOU.
Well, out of control.

troll, procrastinate all the time, put off doing things, rejection, I did nothing, failure,
I did nothing, becoming a rotten, rotten mother, putting things off, putting off tasks, errands,
chores, putting things off.
So let's get started, right now.
Right now.
Right now.
Right now.

All right, all right, if I must.
Friends, I'm your host, Reverend Ivan Stang, and that was from Reverend Norell Preff, and
our openings, our openings, are lemurish.
Welcome to Hour of Slack number 1086, the Slack and Drugs of X Day special, in which
we continue to mix the very most recent subgenius preaching recordings from our latest revival
in Ohio.
Ohio at the Winter Star Symposium, heard later, to our literally oldest preaching, a 1980
radio appearance by Dr. Philo Drummond and myself on the Mr. Opinion Show on KFJZ in
Fort Worth.
Friends, just imagine 1980.
Okay, we're back again now with my guests, who are the head guys, and I'm going to be
talking to them today.

in the subgenius foundation, which is the promotion and PR arm of the Church of the
Subgenius, Dr. Philo Drummond and the Reverend Ivan Stang.
And these guys, as we mentioned before, have really taken the American entrepreneurial
spirit to heart, and they have started their own weird cult, strictly to make money.
And they need your cooperation, 100%.
If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to me, and I'll be happy to
answer them.
Any backbone at all, you're going to join their cult and find out all the weird things
that I'm finding out right now.
And one of those weird things is that this foundation actually has goals.
Maybe you can tell us about them, Ivan.
Well, the goals of the foundation basically are to spread the word of Dobbs and various
mystical things.
Philo, I think you've got a better grip on that.
Yeah, Philo, what do you say to that?
Well, the...
You're the policymaker around here.
Of course, the main goal...
The main goal throughout of the church is the ultimate quest for slack, and as much
slack as you can possibly get.
Can you buy slack by joining your church?
Money helps a whole lot.
Money does help tremendously.
And the more money you give, the...
You know, we accept donations at any time.
And the more money you give, the faster you can obtain slack.
The faster you can free yourself from the material things that are binding you, you
know, holding you back and keeping you working so hard and not able to do what you want.
But we can give you plenty of things to do, too.
Of course, the main method of obtaining slack through our doctrine is that the...
Piddling.
...is through time control.
Piddling and just goofing off, letting things happen as they may.
I see.
Slack abuse, we call it.
And, of course, we all...
Well, what is slack?
How do you define slack?
Well, it's one of those words that really has no definition.
Most people...
You kind of feel...
Slack, or you feel the lack of slack.
We all need it.
You know, it's what we want to do.
It's what your boss won't let you do when...
That kind of thing.
I notice also one of your goals is to cast out false prophets.
Is a false prophet someone who's telling...
Who is saying things that aren't true?
Or is a false prophet when you think you made money and you really didn't?
Well, first of all, we need to make a basic distinction between...
Yeah.
Two types...
Before you take any革命 or to get!
Before you take anything wrong from...


Not only Satan himself, but also the Mantis in the streets and the facts around us.
And we need to rented after this fact.
I see the respondent, let me check on it, let's see what we have here...
Hi Eddie Mouse 2nd button want me to start my message, anyway if it don't happen...
We're in trouble.
We are in the middle of a problem...
I have yes, yes, I am, but David and dad well want me to...
OK, may I consider?
Yes yes yes!
OK.

I'm wearing the shirt that Bob Dobbs sent me
Nothing I do is gonna fail
I'm wearing the t-shirt that Bob Dobbs sent me
It can't be in the mail
And when I'm wearing the t-shirt that Bob Dobbs sent me
I know I'll never land in jail
Oh yeah, I'm wearing the shirt that Bob Dobbs sent me

I know I'll never land in jail
Oh yeah, I'm wearing the shirt that Bob Dobbs sent me
It came to me in the mail
And when I'm wearing the shirt that Bob Dobbs sent me
Me, me, me sent it to me
Nothing that I do can fail
When I'm wearing the t-shirt that Bob Dobbs sent me
I feel so goddamn cool
When I'm wearing the t-shirt that Bob Dobbs sent me
Nobody's gonna accuse me of being a fool
I'm wearing the shirt that Bob Dobbs sent me
I'm wearing the shirt that Bob Dobbs sent me
The fantastic John Canvas
John Clodlik
For short
For the picture
WordIV





Don't
vaporize
The
T —
trust
Mr.
COPY
Format
Part

Time


Ver
Time
for Superman today.
Hurry!
Yes, sir.
Little knowing that at this very moment,
Superman lies unconscious,
stoned in a large cedar chest.
Hey, you just like your mother was.
Superman.
Pick up the phone and give Superman a ring.
Calling Superman, wherever you are.
Superman.
Calling Superman.
An appeal for Superman.
Jeepers, that's right.
Come on.
Please, Superman.
Oh.
Good, good, good.
Extra good.
Rich.
Rich.
There were widespread simplistic sneak attacks.
It happens that most of the people with brains
don't go into politics.
They go into business.
They can make more money.
But in those rare instances
where you have intellectuals...
But nevertheless,
my hard-headed, hardcore,
a very good hardcore,
and alcohol,
I would say that you can get high on alcohol.
A couple of bottles of bourbon in eight hours.
I would say that you can get high on drugs.
I would say that marijuana has to be taken.
I'd like drugs of any sort.
I have taken uppers, downers, and so forth and so on.
Because they have to be taken on vacation
or when you get to be again.
Here, dear.
Take your medicine.
What's that?
Come on.
Let me have some more pills before you go.
There you are.
Now take care of yourself.
Yeah, take care of yourself.
And here's some good news.
I recently read a serious scientific article
that said that marijuana staves off Alzheimer's.
Did anybody else read that?
I did.
Yeah.
They didn't, you know,
it's one of those news stories that they don't,
you know,
stick with for long.
But yeah.
Now, I find that
I hope that's true.
How would I know?
But it seems to me that it's more like what they,
it may be that it trains you for Alzheimer's.
You know what I'm saying?
It gives you practice for Alzheimer's.
You get used to, you know, making notes
because your memory's gone.
Or you just don't care.
I don't know whether that is true or not,
but that would be great.
Sometimes,
you know,
they,

I dirge
something away.
Sometimes,
that will be good.
I like that.
It is out.
coast to coast enjoy king-size and patina time to rob time to kill time to get away
robbery buddy what's up couple next year are they pretty don't come often enough for me it's
Friday December 10th my name's Friday oh well my brother told me you send me down some dope
here it is hmm my car so my car so all right fine all right good deal well watch it's it's
hard yeah it's wise to smoke so enjoy some pretty much smoke and put him a drama of an actual crime
and put him up in the same room no really making headway yeah and it's a good size like
now it's the biggest in the world king-size only the names have been changed only the name
out have been changed what do you want I know what that smell is in here smells give me a headache
Hawaii what is thy name what brings thee into my house why why me
I know nothing well have a drink whiskey and soda yes yes of course
thank you
I know the man by Mr. Fletcher in Dallas Texas and he's a good man except that he
won't buy me two glasses of Fletcher's beer and I said I love you boy and I'm gonna date if I
whoopin I'll go down all right he's going down
don't wax let's see for a bit if I'm a success
in general us the northeastern seaboard will be rather modest for today but we'll continue to see
Philadelphia around the Great Lakes
as we head through today meanwhile central and eastern Texas continues to
spin over western Texas around the Houston area and also look for central
Texas to around Northeast Ohio western Pennsylvania reported along the i-90
corridor in New York State from Buffalo to southern New Mexico Atlanta still
stuck in the southeastern states but it's partly Philadelphia in New York City
truth is fiction and this is the Hornet Divas
Colonel Peter Jefferson who was the father of President Thomas Jefferson walked all the way
home but never smiled again the Hornet Divas in a moment I'll tell you about General Ludwig Pfeiffer
in Lucerne Switzerland Madam Pfeiffer clad only in a shroud suddenly sat up and screamed at him
the Hornet Divas
you











charge to poweruckt
you
back
Morgan
cellphone
urgent
T
atelli



Come on, doctor.
Try to kill us for Bob.
The enemy, the general, is a cat named Gordon.
Me!
Hit Man for Bob, dear friends, by Doctors for Extreme Prejudice,
recorded in 1982 in Bolivia,
with Dr. G. Gordon Gordon, also known as That, on vocals.
Dr. Gordon later became the bodyguard of J.R. Bob Dobbs, friends.
By the way, our music in the background is by the Bonobos.
More on them later, too.
And now back to 1980,
when Philo describes his very own first UFO abduction
for the first time on the radio.
This is Mr. Opinion, and we're talking to the Reverend Stang and Dr. Drummond,
the headmen of the Subgenius Foundation,
which is a cult, a self-imposed cult,
operated only to make a lot of money.
Dr. Drummond, by the way, is one of the first overmen,
the first actual overman.
He's been altered by alien technology,
and never the same.
Was that done in person or by remote control,
or how did they get a hold of you?
Well, actually, it was one of what's known as
the close encounter of the third kind.
I was driving in my car late at night,
one night out in the country road,
just like you've heard in all the UFO stories,
and the beam came down from the sky,
stopped my car, took control of me,
and the next thing I knew,
I had powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal people.
That is really...
That is really something.
And like I said before, that is really hard to believe.
One thing that I really marvel at is
that both of you fellas can talk so clearly
with your tongue stuck way up in the side of your cheek like that.
Oh, that's another thing the aliens did to us.
Oh, is that right?
Yeah.
What'd you see?
I saw a flying saucer.
Where?
In the sky.
In the sky?
Yeah.
What did it do?
What did it do?
It didn't buy me.
Did it scare you?
No.
We may find only the intergalactic silences,
or we may encounter intelligences greater than our own,
answers to questions we cannot even formulate today,
or the pioneers traveling or falling
between fire and darkness.
Between freezing and burning.
May sense that we live only on the narrowest of margins.
Snowflakes, condensed momentarily out of the great snowstorms
and firestorms of matter in space.
What about the spell?
Oh, that'll go on forever.
Simple ones do.
It's just a state change powered by the...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...







It just keeps going.
That's very good, Mr Sidney.
Because if the sympathetic magic doesn't work, you will find me very unsympathetic.
But it's not all hate.
We have hope.
Now, you hear a lot of people complaining about fairness, and this isn't fair, and
that isn't fair.
And you've noticed, I bet, that it's hard to get anything done.
Right? Takes effort. And there's certain things that really just aren't fair. Like the dishes.
I did the dishes yesterday. I gotta do them again today. Now you may have a rational reason for that.
You ain't. Okay. Dishes got dirty again. Well that's not good enough for me. I'm a subgenius.
Why can't I eat all the ice cream I want forever without worrying about my health?
Why can't there...why is there a dish washing machine that really does the dishes?
It's like well cause we're not in the Jetsons age yet. We don't have those kind of robots and probably never will.
But I don't agree. I think that the world could be perfect. Literally perfect.
To where every single one of us had everything we wanted all the time.
And never got bored and could do anything we wanted. And could live forever until we decided to die.
Now this may not come immediately. This perfect world I'm thinking of could easily take 10,000 years.
Or a billion years. 10 billion years. It might take that long easily. I can see it taking that long to get everything right.
I might not even be around by then. I suppose. I mean it's possible. I might not live to see that day.
10 billion years from now. But it ain't going to happen at all if we don't start now!
And start insisting on fairness.
Now I know that sounds stupid but we'll never get it if we don't...you know you don't get it if you don't ask.
Squeaky wheel gets the grease.
And now when X Day comes that'll be fine. We'll have fairness for everybody who spent their $30 on Church of the Subgenius.
But X Day keeps not coming year after year.
So all I'm saying is...well we can't get to work on it because that wouldn't be convenient.
That would just be boring convenience and unfairness. So we can't work very hard at it.
So I guess what I'm saying is friends, join me and work very very slightly towards making the perfect world.
Where we no longer have to do the dishes and neither does anybody else.
Now I know that your rational mind has all kinds of arguments against this and I don't want to hear those.
I'm not going to hear those.
I don't want to hear any of this rational bullshit.
You know this Church of the Subgenius. We don't have to listen to that crap.
But X Day will come. It's just that we have to hope that Y Day doesn't come first.
We don't talk about Y Day very much.
X Day is great. Beautiful sex goddesses.
And by the way if you're a woman and we're hoping for a sex god, believe me it'll be whatever you want.
You won't know the difference.
You're really just going to be a brain in a jar anyways.
But it'll seem great.
But if the Yakatizma get here first, that's what we call it.
When the X's come, that's X Day. That's good.
But if the Yakatizma come on Y Day first, that is very bad.
You've seen those Star Trek characters, the Borg?
Well multiply that by about a jillion krillion godzillion.
The Yakatizma are so badass.
They're physical creatures unlike the X's that are more like ants.
They're like angels.
The Yakatizma are robots basically.
It's just that they're big enough that they can swallow an entire planet.
And the things that we think of as monsters in monster movies, those are more like the digestive enzymes in the stomachs of the Yakatizma.
And they're not very friendly creatures that will be like, yes, we have devoured your planet.
But despair not, for it is only part of the circle of life.
And that brings us to nature.
I love that Disney movie came up with that thing about the circle of life and suddenly everything was okay.
You know, well, so grandma died, but she gets to feed the worms.
The worms feed the birds and the birds feed the next grandma.
We'll feed you when you're a grandma.
And then you'll die and you'll be part of the circle of life.
Isn't that pleasant?
But, you know, people talk about all this back to nature stuff.
And that's...
commendable, I suppose.
But they're never specific.
This was actually my dad got me thinking this way.
Because somebody was saying to him, I wish...
Our little small town is just getting all built up.
I wish everything could be back to nature.
I was kind of like, well, when in nature did you mean?
Before the Europeans came to the country?
Because, you know, American Indians did...
burned off grass.
Grasslands so that they could grow stuff.
And they changed the environment a lot.
In fact, this continent was covered with gigantic, huge mammals that all went completely extinct
within 10,000 years of humans' arrival in the New World.
Because the animals here didn't grow up with humans.
The ones in Europe and Africa did.
So they knew they weren't dumbasses about it.
But when the Native Americans got here, it was real easy pickings.
Well, so do you want nature before the Native Americans got here?
Well, that means you don't get to enjoy it either, I suppose.
How about the middle of the last ice age?
Would that be back to nature enough for you?
We'd be...
Right where we're sitting now would be under about a mile of ice.
But that was natural at that time.
Friends, you know, they talk about this global warming stuff.
When the next ice age comes, you'll be wishing you'd taken global warming a little more seriously.
You think about that.
I don't know if that's PC, but...
But there's no hurry.
I don't think the next ice age is an immediate thing.
How about nature before the dinosaurs were wiped out?
Sure, that sounds good at first.
But there was no grass.
You may not have known this, but grass had not evolved as we know it
during the time of the mighty dinosaurs.
That, therefore, no marijuana!
Back to nature!
You like that?
Actually, this gives...
But on the other hand, though, in the age of the dinosaurs, peyote cactus grew to 40 feet across.
Think of the poor vomit ultrasaurus.
You would not want to be around a vomit ultrasaurus.
This gives me a good, completely chance, random place to plug a book by my friend, Dr. Hattie.

Dr. Hattie, who goes by the name Harry S. Robbins.
Hour of Slack listeners would recognize Dr. Hattie's voice instantly.
He's the funniest, most erudite person in the world, and probably wouldn't qualify as a subgenius
if we were going to be picking.
He'd be more like a genius.
But he did a book.
He's like me.
He loves dinosaurs.
And he just had a book published of his dinosaur drawings.
They're in full color, and they're beautiful.
And I'm just mentioning this because I love my friend, Dr. Howe.
And it's a dinosaur alphabet book with an A is for this and B is for that and so forth.
But it covers dinosaurs you never heard of because they keep finding them.
And I'm going to read you a poem.
Each one has a drawing of a dinosaur.
Here's the seismosaurus.
You probably can barely see it, but you'd be able to drive a construction crane under its belly.
They're tailed.
Their tails were 70 feet long, just the animal's tail.
Though seismosaurus shook the earth with gentle steps from day to day,
she sought the uplands of her birth, devouring forests on the way.
Isn't that sweet?
He wrote the poems, too.
Yeah, yeah.
He wrote all the poems and drew the—he probably drew the pictures on napkins originally if I know him.
He's one of those guys that can't stop drawing.
He's an emergentile subgenius.
He cannot stop drawing.
But so does—what does back to nature mean, friends?
That's all I'm in.
Next time you start talking about back to nature, you've got to stop and go, well, what exactly?
Before the oceans?
Before the magma had cooled?
That was pretty natural when everything was lava and deadly gas pouring out of the incredibly hot, you know, planet before it had really formed.
That's pretty natural, man.
You can't get much more natural than that.
Well, I noticed that all the lines are full.
We'd better take a few calls so that other people can get in and talk to you about the Church of the Subgenius.
You're on the air with Mr. Opinion on KFJZ.
Yes, I'm calling from Glen Rose.
Yes.
And I'm a cattle rancher down here.
And I was wondering if these two guys might have any inside information on cattle mutilation.
Because some of it's in our place and some of the neighbors have been having that problem.
Well, that's sure an interesting question, and I'll bet they do.
One of them actually looks like a cow.
Go ahead.
Pardon the delay.
Yeah, the cattle mutilation problem is getting to be pretty big.
A lot of people don't know about it.
It's not mentioned much on the TV because nobody has any answers about it.
But, yeah, the conspiracy is behind that.
They're doing it to confuse people.
They're doing it to discredit law enforcement agents who can't figure out who's the real guy.
They're just doing it to these cattle and then taking off in the spacecraft or whatever.
For those who've never heard about a cattle mutilation, it's happening a lot these days.
Out in the sticks, a farmer will come upon his prized cow or something like that mutilated, but not by animals.
It's done by professionals.
Certain organs removed and maybe the blood drained, things like that.
Surgically removed is what I heard.
Right, surgically removed.
Yeah, it's spooky.
It actually is kind of a...
Well, since you have this connection with the UFO people, if somebody pays you to belong to your organization, does that mean their cows will be left alone?
It would help.
It would help a whole lot.
It would help a whole lot.
Yeah, we can't make a whole lot of guarantees.
Have you had any cattle mutilations on your ranch?
Well, we've had one, and it was a pretty odd-looking type.
Is that right?
Some of the neighbors said the same thing.
Maybe you'd better give your box number again for this fella.
Okay, yeah, you can get a lot of information on cattle mutilations from us at Box 1403-06, Dallas, Texas.
And by the way, when you write, I can tell you about some people who do some serious research into that thing.
And it's weird.
We can send you some of their literature if you'd like.
Yeah.
And thanks for calling.
Oh, by the way, enjoy the nuclear glow there in Glen Rose.
Well, it does help feed the cows at night.
Yeah, it makes them grow big.
I understand you all have a lot of those six-legged frogs and so forth getting around there now.
Wait until I kick on that power plant.
Boy, we'll see some giant farmers and so forth.
Okay, well, thank you very much for calling.
Thank you.
Are there any questions?
Can I take any, or suggestions?
I won't heed them, but you can...
No, seriously, I mean, any kind of question.
Doesn't have to be about subgenius.
Yes?
Well, do we know what time this is happening on July 15th?

Yes, 7 a.m.
Oh, okay.
7 a.m.
And boy, you wouldn't believe the crap I get for that.
Because we, you know, we're out there every year.
I'll admit to you, we have a big subgenius get-together at Brushwood every year around July 5th weekend.
And at 7 a.m., the bravest and most faithful are out there.
And believe me, you know, 7 a.m. is hard.
It's a rough time.
I mean, some of you get there.

You get up and go to work then, right?
So you know what I mean.
But imagine, for hippies and subgeniuses, it's like terribly unfair.
In fact, Jesus, my partner, my ex, former business partner, Jesus, the only reason he's not my partner anymore is because we couldn't pay enough to fight his legal bills.
He was going, had to be 7 a.m.
As if I made this crap up.
You know, as if Bob had to do it.
He said it was going to be 7 a.m.
It's like, no, he got that from the aliens.
They said, Jehovah once said it was going to be 7 a.m.
So we've got to stand around at 7 a.m. waiting for flying saucers.
And I know some of you pagans laugh at us.
Those subgeniuses, they think them saucers are going to come.
They're going to kill themselves one day just like Jonestown.
I know they are.
In fact, there was somebody out there, I heard this secondhand, who really did think we were going to kill ourselves.
Do the Jonestown thing.
Because we always do the Kool-Aid.
We all drink this Kool-Aid at 7 a.m. and go, fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Which is the only law in our church.
And yet, that pagan didn't call the cops.
She thought we were going to all die and kill ourselves, but she didn't do anything.
But I think she prayed for us.
Yes?
Allegedly there were no illegal drugs found, but do you think there was Kool-Aid in Anna Nicole's room?
What difference would that make?
Actually, at Jonestown they did not use Kool-Aid, but flavor aid.
Just to make sure, you know, when we do our mass suicide, we're not going to be doing one product placement.
We're not going to just be...
Like, the...
Heaven's Gate guys.
Nikes.
Whoa, they were all wearing Nikes.
You know, Jonestown.
Oh, they were all drinking flavor aid.
Whoop-de-doo.
Man, when the subgeniuses do it, it ain't going to be no 900 measly people.
And...
Or what was it with Heaven's Gate?
There was only like 40 of them.
Pathetic.
You know, we're not going to do it unless we can really beat some world records.
And actually, with that kind of a religion, it's hard to fill.
It's hard to fill a stadium, to tell the truth.
With those sorts of promises.
What else can I say?
Has Bob started appearing on there yet, or is that all still just...
I forgot to bring my remote control for that DVD player.
Otherwise, I could zip it ahead to a series of psychedelic short films that are nothing but Bob's face getting twisted and messed up.
Huh?
Well, there's some of it, but I mean, we prefer to be brainwashed completely.
Nothing but Bob.
Someday, friends, when the Church of the Subgenius meets its rightful destiny, there'll only be...
There'll be...
Sure, there'll be a million TV channels on cable, but they'll all be the Bob Show.
There'll be lots of radio, but it'll all be the hour of slack.
What you can hear, by the way, there is a subgenius radio show.
It's broadcast in...
I think 15 cities.
But mostly, it's all over the internet.
It's really easy to find if you have a computer and all that stuff.
I guess you have to have a computer now to be a person, right?
Although I've heard that only 50% of...
There's still half of America doesn't mess with that stuff.
Those are the healthy ones, with suntans and muscles and...
Actually, it's ironic.
I've noticed since smoking cigarettes was outlawed everywhere,
that the smokers are the ones who look all tan and healthy,
because they spend a lot of time outdoors.
I'm...
And I'm not saying that as a joke.
It's a real observation.
And you see it at the airport, especially.
There'll be all these nice, tan, leathery-looking people out there outside the airport smoking,
and everybody else is all overweight and...
and, you know, pasty-looking.
They never go outside.
Look like me.
Bend over a computer all the time.
Everybody all over the galaxies are watching you now.
Why now?
People do not want war.
Okay?
They're sick of it.
Go down...
Hot or cold.
Soon we shall all be together.
Sit down.
More and more.
Sacred undergarments.
How could anyone believe such a story?
It seemed preposterous.
And yet these people believed as they were instructed.
Sacre, Sacre, Sacre, Sacre.
What is the sacrament?
It's bread and water.
What do we eat it for?
Because the cakes be hungry.
Stupid in America.
Stupid in America.
Stupid in America collage by the great Norell Preff and now from the great Lemur, Believe It or Kill Me, followed by the news.
Truth is fiction.
And this is Be Horned, Be Not.
The steeple of the parish church of Eccles, England was buried under sand by George Thompson of Pomfret, Connecticut.
Be Horned, Be Not.
In a moment, I'll tell you the strange story of George, who literally clothed himself in clothing that he had planned on wearing.
Be Horned, Be Not.
From PR news in Washington, I'm based on unrealistic assumptions and could set a dangerous precedent.
The Italian government killed a policeman in Sicily on Friday.
The soccer federation had definitely thrown an explosive PR in his face.
Commissioner Luca Pancali said the existing system of violence would be widened to include those under 18.
In Stocksgate 1266547.
This is PR news.
PR's bad.
PR's bad.
Disconnected from reality.
A military tribunal at Fort Lewis, Washington has spread across the Northern Plains today as U.S. forces began a major military offensive to restore violence at soccer games.
Former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani is charged with one count of failing to deploy his dangerous unit and two counts of PR news.
PR comes from LowAchievingSchools.org.
And friends, I doubt if this is news to anybody here, but Pope Bob died.
Robert Anton Wilson, as we know, on January 11th, he would pick 1-1-1.
He boarded the escape saucers and is now partying with Bob.
Bob himself, J.R., Bob Dobbs, the guru he's seen here and up there sometimes.
Bob, J.R. Bob Dobbs has been killed so many times that he can't tell the difference.
But I figure Robert Anton Wilson never took death all that seriously.
So he's probably having a perfectly good time.
You know, when he got sick, well, he's been sick for a long time.
But news came out two or three months ago that he was also hurting for money.
He'd been too sick to work and his wife's health problems.
You know, it must have cost a fortune.
And he was about to get put out of his house.
And he was dying from childhood polio.
And when the news got out, friends, $65,000 suddenly.
I mean, that's how, in less than a week, people gave him $65,000,
which was a lot more than he was expecting.
And I understand he was really, really touched by all of that.
But the Church of the Subgenius sent a lot of money for us.
It was a lot.
Because without Pope Bob and also his pal, the late great Robert Shea,
and their book Illuminatus,
well, there'd still be a Bob Dobbs and there'd still be a Church of the Subgenius,
but none of us would get it.
You know, it wouldn't make any sense.
But it could be that we only think we get it.
Anyway, only Bob Dobbs really knows.
Anyway, Pope Bob Wilson used to make everybody a pope.
Whenever he was on the radio or giving a speech, he'd say,
everyone within the sound of my voice is a Discordian pope.
And in honor of the great Pope Bob and his delightful Brooklyn monotone,
I'm going to make everybody here a subgenius minister.
I'm handing out subgenius membership cards for free.
You're a sub-thirty dollar...
Well, actually, this doesn't mean you're on our mailing list,
but Bob Dobbs wants you ordained just for being here in the name of Pope Bob.
And in fact, I think, I wish I could do it like Magnus.
Magnus, yeah.
Maybe if I do the whole thing.
Now, you'll notice that these cards that I have generously given away for free
say the same thing on both sides.
That was because when I ordered the new 2500 subgenius membership cards,
I screwed up and sent them two of the same art file,
wasting 75 bucks of Bob's money,
but proving once again that I am a true subgenius.
And I don't think I ever was an actual proper genius.
That's all I can say.


they all haven■t always been fun to watch,

and you can support our most MediaTek gaming community,
as well as Buttocks or the such of it.
Now
There's a party
At the edge of the universe
Bring the good stuff
Leave behind the worst
Come on in and
Drink that strange brew
And drink that strange brew
And drink that strange brew
Wipe your tears with the
With the morning dew
With the morning dew
And we all sing
For a kinder tomorrow
For a kinder tomorrow
For a kinder tomorrow
For a kinder tomorrow
Lose the world
And we'll do our thing
Let us groove and swing now
Lose the world
And we'll do our thing
Let us groove and swing now
Let us groove and swing now
Don't wear socks
But a
A bulky bulky hat
A pair of wings
And a
And a
A hoop to match
Close your eyes
When you
When you look at me
Flow through the music
And
Let it be
Let it be
Let it be
Let it be
Let it be
Let it be
And we all sing
For a kinder tomorrow
For a kinder tomorrow
Lose the world
And we'll do our thing
Let us move and swing now
Lose the world
And we'll do our thing
Lose the world
Let us move and swing now
Lose the world
Lose the world
Yes, dear friends,
this is the Bonobos
from their album
Convergence,
a song called
Home on Derange.
Actually, the name of the album
is Bonobos Convergence.
No, maybe the name of the band
is Bonobos Convergence
and the name of the album is
Who's Chuck Fimp?
Hmm.
Friends, you can get more information
about the Bonobos Convergence
from bonobosmusic.com.
They also did the background music
heard earlier in the show
when I was doing credits.
Friends, you are listening to
the Subgenius Radio Ministry
Hour of Slack.
For more information
on the Church of the Subgenius C,
subgenius.com
or write to this
address,
the post office box
181-417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio
44118
Once again, that's
P.O. Box
181-417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio
44118
We've been hearing
some preaching from the
Winter Star Symposium.
For more information on that festival,
you'll see Rosen,
that's spelled
R-O-S-E-N
comet.com
and praise Bob.

asking God to teach you
what the colored
can do.
We'll see you soon.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.

Good night.
Good night.
Thanks for watching!
Lose to World
and we'll do our thing
FLEET.
We'll lose to World
and we'll do our thing
Lose the world
and we'll do our thing
Lose to World
and we'll do our thing
Let us go and swing now
We haven't gotten a statistical feedback.
We like to consider ourselves the ultimate minority.
Yeah, we are, basically, really.
I think the government should start giving money to weirdos and goof-offs,
anybody who can prove they're different.
I thought they already were doing that.
We're just trying to add another little pigeonhole
that they can start putting the taxpayers' money into.
I think maybe we'd better go back to the phones.
The number, folks, in case you have any questions from these wonderful guys,
is 787-244-QUESTIONS
about the Subgenius Foundation, the Church of the Subgenius,
the founder, H.R. Bob Dobbs,
who, as I understand, is never seen by anyone at any time.
If you have any questions about these or other religious matters
that these two gurus may be able to answer for you, call.
And now we're going to go to the phone lines
to see if we have another prospective subgenius.
Hello, you're on air with Mr. Opinion.
Good evening, yes.
I was wondering, how do you become a subgenius?
And if you do, can you obtain slides?
Or do you have to study to get that?
Or do you have teachers?
How do you obtain this?
Well, the first thing you can do, again, is to write us,
send us a dollar for our information packet.
That's really a donation because we're an anti-nonprofit foundation.
You mean it's not tax deductible if they send money to you?
No.
Bob, early in the game, decided that this, like the Mormons,
we were going to be a tax and not a tax-exempt scam.
You know, we're bigger.
We're bigger.
That would be pushing things.
I see.
You're a taxable scam, man.
We're a tax.
We're tax.
We don't owe the government anything.
Taxable industrial church, right?
The first industrial church.
I see.
That gun won't do you any good.
Besides, you're pointing it the wrong way.
Terror, terror by William Morwood.
Wherever I go.
Oh, don't be childish.
You and your headaches.
My head, head.
Oh.
Oh.
What are you working on now, Shakespeare?
I can't stand the pain any longer.
What?
What?
Nothing but discord.
The sweat stood out on my forehead.
My mouth was dry.
I didn't want it this way.
You have a gun in your pocket.
Help a blind man.
Help a poor blind man.
Help the old blind man.

Help.
What?
Are you crazy?
Do you honestly think?
I heard the door.
What are you talking about?
No.
Don't you see that I'm mad?
And...
Hey!
Hello, boys.
For us, it was pervasive flapping ass disorder.
Well, that guy's a riot.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Free information.
From PR News in Washington, I'm making clean-up efforts more difficult.
Five people were killed.
At least 20 people have died.
By the way, between the commercials, at least 20 people were killed, making them eligible
for millions of dollars in federal aid.
PR is bad.
The bodies of four minors were difficult to mount.
Authorities fear that this is PR News in Washington.
.

Command performance.
.
May I come in?
Of course.
Thank you.
Oh, good show.
Good show.
Thank you.
Well, what's all the fuss about?
What?
Ha, ha.
What happened?
I don't know.
Ha, ha, ha.
Sweet.
What do you mean?
.
.
.

.
.
.






.


