The subgenius hour of slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station and only in the city of...
Welcome dear friends to the subgenius hour of slack.
6-4 Mike affirmative left turn on 7 hold short of runway 3 one right to behind and be behind an eastern electra.
Tower 119.01 holding short.
Okay we'll take it.
Okay brother.
I'm Bob Zorn pretending he's best...
Oh yes dear friends and I don't want to do an hour of slack right now.
It's a...
I have to do these things at home and I've got a...
We're in the office I mean in the skyscraper and I just got up and it's Saturday morning.
And I think I'm just gonna...
I mean this church is supposed to be all about slack right?
So I guess I'm gonna...
I'm gonna take this slack for a while.
I'm gonna do this hour of slack without any equipment.
I'm just gonna walk around with a tape recorder.
And do my...
I'm gonna go about my nice slack full regimen that I do every morning.
Read the paper.
Eat a burrito.
I take the dogs out.
You can hear the dogs following me around.
Tap, tap, tapping.
The guard dogs.
Two of the guard dogs.
There's a whole bunch that I can't take out.
Let's see what's in the paper.
Oh soldiers may have hit nerve gas in the Gulf War.
I'm gonna go to the...
The Republicans don't want Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison.
The anti-choice Republicans don't want that woman.
Kay Bailey Hutchison who I know is sort of a fascist arch...
A fascist arch Hitlerian crazy woman that scratches her AIDs faces when they mess up.
And screams in your face.
And yells.
But she's not conservative enough for them.
Well I can understand where they're coming from.
You know they want...
They just want less Big Brother.
Less big government in the...
You know in business.
Affecting business and our taxes and things.
Of course they want a lot more.
The only place they want Big Brother and big government is in the bedroom.
In your personal private sex life.
That's the only...
You know in your mind.
The inside of your mind.
Your beliefs.
That's the only place they want Big Brother.
They're not about to tell some nice innocent hard working business man like the corporate heads of Westinghouse what to do.
No man.
This is a free country.
But if you start thinking certain kinds of thoughts about those tight round...
Oh um...
Well...
Okay I've had my coffee.
I'm gonna take a shower today.
This is a special event for me man.
I'm telling you.
You can hear that shower going in there.
But actually before I take a shower I should wash...
Wash the dogs.
I should wash the dogs.
Jesus fixed my shower head.
Isn't that great?
He's a healer man.
It used to just dribble.
He took the filter out of it.
Now it's...
Fight.
It's the smitiest, most scalding...
The hell are my socks?
Well I'll just...
Let's see.
I'll grab a long one and a short one out of this hamper here.
You know slack has been defined...
In fact by Dad Townsend who runs this show up in Maine.
In Portland, Maine.
The Falls Portland.
He defines slack as...
Often times it's merely just putting on a show.
And I'm putting off what you're supposed to do.
And in this case I'm supposed to do an Hour of Slack show.
And I'm putting it off.
And I am getting some slack.
But I don't know about you.
You may...
You the listener.
You may just be going...
What the hell is this guy rambling on and on about?
Why doesn't he play some music?
God.
Oh alright.
This is Mojo Nixon here.
That I have never played this song on the Hour of Slack.
Put a sex-mo-chine in the White House.
And it's from the previous election times friends.
It's kind of dated.
But I doubt if anybody would play it then.
But it's been four years.
And after four years of Howard Stern and the new Disney.
I think we can get away with it.
Hit me funky dick.
Put a sex-mo-chine in the White White House.
Put a sex-mo-chine in the White White House.
Put the love up a ton.
Not the nuclear love a ton.
Put the love up a ton.
Not the nuclear love a ton.
They can't get no tan.
Put the love up a ton.
Tom Genau.
Not nuclear love a ton.





You've got to relax.
It just doesn't.
Jesus, it hasn't!
Don't you think he should have put a man before him?


It's not
Daddy's birthday yet?


For the love of God
Let's go to the bridge
Get in
I feel it
Put a snake machine
In the white, white house
Put a snake machine
In the white, white, white, white house
Let me down
Let me down
Get your butt over here
I said, yo, fire fear
Get your butt over here
Bang, quail, can't get no tail
Mushy, mushy, mushy, can't get no pussy
I'm the S-Office in the land
Gotta be a horny war man
Stop that
Step it out
Stop that
Moan, jump on president
Moan, jump on president

Moan, jump on president
Moan, jump on president
Moan, jump on president
Moan, jump on president
Moan, jump on president
Moan, jump on president
Moan jump on president
Moan, jump on president
Moan, jump on president
Moan, jump on president


We want monkey dick
Put a sick boy's seat
In the rock, rock house
Why isn't that lovely?
Oh, Mojo Nixon there.
Reverend Mojo Nixon.
He's one of your fellow ministers, friends.
Put that vote behind that love goat.
Yes, baby.
And I'm gonna...
We'll put that one away now.
Oh, wait a minute.
I wasn't gonna do all this work.
Well, the musicianship on that song, I thought, was most classical.
And...
So, look.
Let's...
I'm gonna surprise you.
It is time for us all to decide who we are
Do we fight for the right to a night at the opera now?
Have you asked of yourselves?
What's the right?
The price you might pay
Is it simply a game for rich young boys to play?
The color of the world is changing day by day
Red, the blood of angry men
Black, the dark of ages past
Red, a world about to dawn
Red, a world about to dawn
Black, the night that ends at last
Had you been there tonight
You might know how it feels
To be struck to the bone
In a moment of breathless delight
Had you been there tonight
You might also have known
How your world may be changed
In just one burst of light
And what was right seems wrong
And what was wrong seems right
Red, I feel my soul on fire
Black, my world if she's not there
Red, the color of desire
Black, the color of despair
Black, the color of despair
Black, no I was born never



But why make involving
Such a
Mad child
Blah, blah
Meh, that was a princess






Who screwed up
A man's
inadmissible
F Hate
Up
What kind
Of man
Are you?




























all
We're all about to lose,
Laugh,
The night that ends at last.
Do you hear the people sing,
Singing the song of angry men?
It is the music of a people,
Who will not be slaves again.
When the beating of your heart,
Echoes the beating of the drums,
There is a life about to start,
When tomorrow comes.
Will you join in a crusade,
Who will be strong and stand with me?
Beyond the barricade,
Is there a world you long to see?
Then join in the fight that will give you the right to be free!
Join!
Do you hear the people sing,
Singing the song of angry men?
It is the music of a people,
Who will not be slaves again.
When the beating of your heart,
Echoes the beating of the drums,
There is a life about to start,
When tomorrow comes.
Crush! Kill! Destroy!
Crush! Kill! Destroy!
Destroy!
Crush! Destroy!
Crush! Destroy!
Crush! Destroy!
Crush! Destroy!
Crush! Destroy!
Crush! Destroy!
I whispered such ominous,
Slaying all across my path,
Abatting your fleeting hour,
And bathing you into the showers.
I'll push you as I will fly
I'll kill you and I won't die
Destroy you, though I find a meaning
Devastation never leaves
Crush, kill, destroy
Crush, kill, destroy
Crush, kill, destroy
Crush, kill, destroy
There, friends, the original London cast recording of Les Miserables
with a guava.
And now I'm going to slack off some more.
Why didn't he talk about something religious?
Why didn't he have a prepared proper rack?
Well, I'm telling you, man, slack comes first
in the life of any initiate.
And, uh, yeah, I guess I'll walk those dogs first
before I take a shower.
Of course, that's been my...
That's why the crust has built up.
It's built up so large.
Okay, now listen to this, friends.
This is...
This is the moment that they've been waiting for.
I'm getting the leash out.
All right.
Getting the leash.
Okay, they're getting impatient.
The big one is...
The little one says, hurry up!
Hurry up, you fool!
You're...
It's a hog time, isn't it?
It's a hog time.
Quick!
Okay, got him.
All right.
Quick!
Quick!
Come on!

Hurry up!
Come on!
Right this way, you guys!
No, no, no.
Leave Jesus alone.
Come on.
I'm over here anyway.
You gotta watch him fight
when I go out the door.
What?
What do you mean fight?
We're supposed to fight each other
when we walk out the...
out of the vault.
Let's go the other way.
There's a neighbor working his yard down there
and I want him to see me talking
to the radio audience.
Yes, it's a nice middle-class neighborhood.
You'd never know...
that inside that nice little middle-class house
with that nice garden,
organic garden, I might add,
you would never know...
Hi!
...that, uh...
that, uh...
there was an elevator in that house
that went down three stories to a cave
full of, uh, cultish materials
and statues and masks
and, uh...
and voodoo candles and altars
and tape decks and computers.
So the computers are the most unholy
of all those tools in there, I tell you.
The...
the Iron Maiden and the rat
cov...
cov...
provoke far less fear
in the Christian right
than do the computers
because the computers
can, uh...
get you through to a world
where...
where the man...
well, the man can be listening,
but he can't really do much about it yet.
Heh, heh, heh.
Listen to this little dog.
This little mutated dog I have
named Puddin'
has, uh...
is into autoerotic asphyxiation.
She...she...she...
I'm not choking her.
She's choking herself.
Oh, Beast is...
Beast is dropping him a...
a fine, mighty load of fertilizer
right next to this crumpled-up bush beer can.
Puddin' is trying to...
It's like I'm standing here,
and she is pulling as hard as she can at the least
so that...so that...so as to get off.
That's how she gets off.
She digs it.
If I went faster,
she'd just pull harder, choke herself more.
Uh...
Uh...
Now, this...this male...
Beast, the great big one,
uh...is...he likes to stop and sniff
these certain places, and, um...
I look at it as he's checking his pee mail.
And he...so he's just like a person reading his mail.
It's like,
oh, well, what does this person have to say?
Hmm...
What? Why the sorry sack of...
Oh, I'll just show him a thing or two.
And then Beast lifts his leg and...
deposits his message...
his signature.
He used to deposit his signature on the wheels of cars,
which I thought was real smart,
because that would take his presence far and wide across town,
but he doesn't do that anymore.
No, that's somebody's flower bed.
Come on.
Okay, now the little one...
You can tell the little one's ready to drop her load,
because she...she starts sniffing around for the perfect spot.
It's gotta be just right.
There it is. Okay.
She hunches over, and since she's part dachshund and part shih tzu,
she looks like a toothpaste tube being squeezed by the invisible man...
as her...her torso sort of...
Oh, that's gross.
He was young once.
He had a mummy who tucked him in at night.
And an adorable little puppy,
called Puddle, the perplexed poodle.
Causers probably were a Nazi secret weapon,
but that was back in the 40s, when...
...when only you could get a shot for a tactic.
Too many UFOs piloted by Nazis like Errol Flynn from the center of the Earth
were the reason that the government withdrew its plan...
Maybe I'll duck into this disco.
...perfectly mixed by his life in a disco.
Look at that little dog go through those boos.
Not as good as a human, though.
Everybody laughs at him, but his disco's just...
...pint and shiver away.
Oh, you're still laughing?
Oh, fuck, old Bob, let me smoke.
You ain't nothing but a hound dog.
You ain't nothing but a hound dog.
Yeah.
You're a hound dog.
I can feel this beating down on me like a hammer.
I can feel that implacable foe
trying to get its nasty little fingers of mutating energy
into my skin to make strange
spots form.
But he wouldn't let it,
and me and Beast and Puddin'
we foiled them.
Ah, we're back punching the secret command code.
and in, and in, where it's, ah, God, the pressure.
We keep a special air pressure in here, and it's, you know, it costs a fortune.
Well, hey, all perverts laugh through their nose.
Oh, for Christ's sakes, all perverts laugh through their nose.
Fat perverted rebels launching away.
That's right, I'm the guy with the legal notices in the newspaper.
I'll give you some.
So I got, um, so I got my girlfriend therapy,
and then would you please someone else serve this guy
and start the normal process and a peaceful process.
Then I have my ketene in the newspaper.
Don't run to the 60s, 50s, actually, I'm 50s and 60s.
I was in a hospital emergency.
Oh, you're probably tired.
You probably want to hear some kind of music.
confused
Во-мо.
it hair Max
the
dead
tired
dead
tired
father
I love my Rubber Baby.
She'll never leave me.
I love my Rubber Baby.
She don't deceive me.
I love my Rubber Baby.
P weeks much better I'll pump them
kilometer far I get to feel what found
her I might forget her your
might mistake your Robert

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
The Klingons, at this point, I believe, they have a CD out now called Time Control.
And as far as I know, the only U.S. distributors of this CD are, as of yesterday, the Subgenius Foundation.
We've got about 24 copies of them that we need to divest ourselves of at European import prices, if you know what I mean.
But that's...
That's...
Where...
I'm stupid enough to think I'm going to let you get away with this, are you?
No, but no, we're not.
I mean, you wouldn't be stupid enough to pass up that deal after all we've been through, would you?
How humanity gained mastery over all the other creatures...
You mustn't tell them about the flat tire, because they're not my friends.
Friends?
But you're my friend, did you see?
Well, because I'm too stupid to give them a lead.
That's why I yelled for help.
You'll yell for help, unless you have the benefit of my seminar.
Just kidding.
Thank you, thank you very much.
Get yourself a good lawyer.
I have no time.
A stupid lie.
We were salesmen.
Flee we.
Grotesque prehistoric throwback or example of modern gigantism.
Mutation toward extreme obesity.
We won't ourselves punish our enemies.
And we'll visit a commune where certain elemental precepts are still...
You're lying.
Blindly, Felix.
Blindly as you say.
Felix, you have to be so stupid.
And you so naive.
We'll take a visit to the roof of a prominent radio station while we let off some steam, as it were.
And we'll see how coffee is brewed in a remote area, which some people don't even understand is actually a part of our own country.
Yeah, how about that?
And how would you like to voyage forward into the uncharted seas of the real estate seminar?
That will make you tingle from your toes to your crown.
I don't want to go to the left page, do I?
Yes, you'll tingle and quiver with pleasure.
As I lay upon you the story of true enlightenment in the financial world.
The financial body and the spiritual body are related.
They are fastened by an ectoplasmic umbilicus, reaching from the tummy of one to the tummy of another.
And these two tummies are intertwined with...
With financial solidarity.
I know it's not funny, but you know...
Why your spending habits are so erratic.
It is because your etheric spiritual double does not have...
Thank you, thank you.
Does not have a sound sense of dollars and cents.
Of getting and spending.
The real world.
Well, are there any questions at this point?
Now, no one is allowed to go to the toilet during this seminar and...
The video is here.
I'm sorry, what was that?
The video is here.
Oh, yes. Well, we're going to watch the video entitled...
Man. Dominator over all.
Thank you, thank you. I'll thread it up. That is to say, I'll...
Even the unknown sea creatures.
The hippocampus duchulatus, or common sea horse.
The hee-haw of the deep.
Yes, the suborder thoracostii.
Thank you, thank you.
And order gastarothiiformes.
The family-synchonathidae.
Old hippo, the sea horse.
Yes, a trifle of a horse.
Yay!
Of course, of course. But whoever heard of an aquatic horse...
Reverend Stagg.
Yes, yes, Lord.
Praise Reverend Stagg.
Yes, I'm going to sit here and do this horrible labor of putting this show together.
I'm so tired of doing these shows.
Reverend Nicky's here.
I'm here today.
Yeah. And Reverend Sivit. And Willa Dobbs.
Reverend Sivit.
And someone else. And Beast. And Puddin'.
It's just one big happy family around here. Just, happy commune.
Friends, I'm glad that this is the radio, because none of these people have their clothes on.
And it's a sorry, sorry sight indeed.
I'm the only one dressed.
I just don't want to make everybody...
The loincloth didn't do a whole lot, though.
It's only covering up one or two of your...oh.
Oh, oh, never mind.
A couple inches.
Come on, Sivit, we got work.
That's right, Sivit's got her new summer job starting up.
Where's my money?
That's my kid.
All right, I mean, you black-haunted men and women.
I know the man by Mr. Fletcher in Dallas, Texas.
And he's a good man, except that he don't buy me two glasses of pitcher's beer.
And I said, I love you, boy.
And I'm going to tell you, if I can't whoop him, I'll go down.
All right, man, if you can't whoop him, he's going down.
Answers to questions we cannot even formulate today.
People often ask, as an idle question, whether the process of evolution began with the chicken or the egg.
It began with me.
Was there an egg?
Was there an egg?
Was there an egg out of which the first?
The first chicken came.
Or did a chicken lay the first egg?
Give up?
I am in a position to state that the first thing created was the egg.
The great egg.
The great glistening egg.
In the center of the universe, it gleamed and sparkled.
And now we jail them.
Its shells flung back the effulgence of the first surges of life.
In the young cosmos.
You know, they make a lot of eggs in Petaluma.
That's where I should be right now.
What I thought.
Back in the egg, I'm afraid we can't return to the womb in our rocketing ride toward the tomb.
Go back to Ork.
I'm stuck in Berkeley and I can't get out.
Now listen closely and I'll explain some cosmic wisdom concerning the dread albuminites, or, uh, the...

egg worshippers, the Bavarian albuminati who pull the strings behind the scenes today.
That is, if I can keep my sanity in this maelstrom of sound effects.
This hurricane of nattering voices that seems to drive my intellect and...
and run down endless corridors of hexapodal madness.
Oh, God.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
That coffee's hot.
I hate the religious right, friends.
I hate them probably almost as...
Well, there's no way I could hate them as much as they hate me.
But... and you.
But, uh, sometimes I try to...
Well, I, I, in my mind, I distinguish between the religious right and your average, ordinary, everyday, every-man-for-himself Republican.
Which I can, I can understand.
And maybe...
Many, uh, famous subgeniuses are actually...
are what you would call conservatives, who...
uh, as the lesser of two evils, they usually vote the Republican side.
I know that seems strange to some, but...
uh, uh, you know, it's good, in my opinion, you know, that we have...
Father Joe Mama and, um, Philo Drummond are both...
uh, represent the anti-tree hug...
extremely anti-tree-huggin' liberal side of the church, among my friends.
I'm sure there's plenty of other people.
But I love to...
When I'm talking to them, I love to, uh, deliberately confuse them with the religious right.
It's like, well, I'm sorry that, uh, you guys want to kiss Jesus' butt so much.
Or rather, kiss the butt of Jerry Falwell and Ralph Reed.
I'm, you know, aside from that, I, I...
I can see where you're coming from.
Uh, I'm...
I find it hard to believe that you don't sup...
you know, that you would rather have Big Brother tell people what to do in their private lives
than in their business lives.
And they'll go, God, give me a break!
You know, it's not like that at all, and you know it.
Well...
you know, you guys are jump...
you're happy with this so-called party that's, uh...
you know, that, that refuses to stop kissing the butt...
of the arch-conservative throwback Neanderthal redneck po-buckers out there.
No offense to my redneck po-bucker relatives, uh...
I'm talking about the throwback...
well, or my throwback Neanderthal...
Actually, you know, the more I think about it...
Uh, we shouldn't get personal here.
The...
faggy, hand-wringing, namby-pamby, limp-wristed, weepy crybaby,
give-it-all-away-to-welfare cheater...
I think liberals don't actually make me any...
They make me happier only in that, uh...
in that I don't think they'd put me in a concentration camp.
Of course, I am a white male.
I could be victimized in the new pogrom, but...
I doubt it, not a... you know...
As Jaynor said...
It's true.
Old, fat, white men run the world.
But they're all whipped.
Ugh.
Hello, friends.
And welcome.
The sermon tonight is entitled...
Frightened of the Future.
Because the vast majority of folks out there...
are not only frightened of the future...
they're terrified of it.
They just know something bad is gonna happen.
And surprise, surprise...
the conspiracy is right there...
making money off their insecurity.
They sell us insurance.
And every single one of us lines right up to buy it.
We have to.
It's the law.
We buy car insurance, health insurance...
unemployment insurance, disability insurance...
social security, retirement insurance.
Oh, the conspiracy makes billions off it.
Never mind you that the conspiracy...
is most often responsible for destroying our health...
firing us from our jobs, or injuring us at work.
In effect, we pay the same bastards who hurt us...
to give us some of our money back when we're hurt.
It doesn't stop them...
but it gives us a kickback whenever they kick.
They offer hundreds of other types of insurance, too.
Everything from life insurance to property insurance...
to you name it.
Almost every conceivable problem is insurable.
Except one.
One event that the conspiracy won't...
and cannot cover.
That, my friends, is X-Day.
And it's coming July 5th, 1998.
You see, the conspiracy can't offer protection...
from an event that destroys everything, including them.
They can make millions selling it, even billions.
Because for all the money they'd acquire...
they wouldn't have to pay out a single claim.
How could they?
They'd all be dead.
Yet despite these incredible profits...
they won't touch X-Day with a 10-foot pole.
Why?
Because to even acknowledge the possibility of X-Day...
would be to admit that our savior, Bob Dobbs, exists.
And that their god, the conspiracy, is doomed to extinction.
Kind of funny, ain't it?
There's companies that actually insured...
Angie Dickinson's legs for $1 million.
And yet...
they won't even give us a penny.
And yet they're not even willing to consider X-Day insurance...
despite the fact they say it can never happen.
Seems kind of inconsistent...
for a business whose business is business.
But then again, just because the normals are idiots...
doesn't mean they're stupid.
They know which side of their bread their butter is on.
There is only one way to get X-Day insurance.
And that is through J.R. Bob Dobbs of the Church of the Subgenius.
Bob Dobbs, a salesman who could sell anything...
especially X-Day insurance.
And he's got an insurance so powerful...
that even the people who don't want it must have it.
Just in case.
Bob makes more money from X-Day insurance...
than any other product.
And for good reason.
Because it's such a good deal.
Just think about it.
A one-time premium.
30 lousy bucks.
And Bob guarantees you won't be exterminated by the X's.
What a concept.
Compare that to conspiracy brands of insurance.
With them, you pay more for less.
And you have to keep on paying every single year.
And the only way you collect is if you get victimized.
Pinks.
Pinks pay billions for Medicare.
But don't get anything unless they get sick.
Unemployment?
You gotta get fired first.
Social Security?
You gotta get old and infirm.
Life insurance?
You gotta croak or it's worthless.
Talk about a racket.
And yet with Bob...
With Bob, you pay practically nothing.
And that's it.
No more premiums.
No more hassles.
You get protection from the X's before X-Day,
during X-Day,
and after X-Day.
It's the exact opposite of conspiracy insurance.
You're not paid when something bad happens to you.
Because nothing bad is allowed to happen to you.
That's the whole idea.
To avoid all the pain and suffering in the first place.
And on top of all that,
you get slack thrown in at no additional charge.
And you're not paid.
Hell, that's worth the $30 alone.
It's worth millions if you use it right.
Yes, my friends, it's the best damn deal there ever was.
It's so good, even Bob's enemies take advantage of it.
Reverend Tilton, Jimmy Swagger, Jim Baker.
We can't say which ones have paid their $30 and which ones haven't
because that's confidential.
It's between them and Bob.
But if just one of them buys insurance on the sly for X-Day,
then shouldn't you?
Think hard before you answer.
Because July 98 is just around the corner, my friends.
And remember, the price of salvation only goes up
the closer we get to the end times.
By the time those saucers start attacking,
that $30 ticket could cost you hundreds of millions.
And that's assuming there's any left to sell.
If there is, it won't be cheap.
It'll be auctioned off to the highest bidder.
And you could forget about using that credit card.
No can do.
Cash, diamonds, gold, platinum,
that'll all be worthless.
Only bales of Havafrop Zipulops will have any value then.
Now ask yourself this.
Can you afford not to buy X-Day insurance
while the rates are next to nothing?
What the hell are you waiting for?
Stop wasting your time and money on those conspiracy panic waste plans
and get yourself the only insurance that matters,
the only assurance that matters,
Bob's assurance that he will save your life,
that he will save your soul,
that he will save your money and give you slack.
House insurance, car insurance, even life insurance don't mean squat
when everything and everyone you know has been vaporized.
Only one thing matters then.
You and J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Close your eyes and make a deal with him right now.
Go ahead. He can hear you.
Send him his 30 bucks and get it over with.
So that you can live like you've never lived before.
Because with Bob, you get something more for your money.
You get peace of mind.
Because unlike those normals who are out bumbling about
and don't know their fate,
you will.
And you will never again be frightened of the future.
Hearing is the word of God.
Praise Bob.
Amen.
So let's call lockdown full and the businesses that burn the stone.
See-through the news and the views that twist reality.
You're not fat to the sunglasses for better this destiny.
Landlines and power holes on my people, they took turns.
Just built a suit, die a knight and then watch them burn.
With the thoughts from a vile intent mind.
Hard line, hard line after hard line.
Landlines and power holes on my people, they took turns.
Just built a suit, die a knight and then watch them burn.
Burn, burn, yes you're gonna burn
Burn, burn, yes you're gonna burn
So, uh, see, we sent a bulk mailing out
about a week ago, and we got a letter from
a week and a half ago, and yesterday we started getting
Slack signed. People were getting those and
letting us know, and so far nobody's hated the mailing. I expected
to immediately get, well, see, the hate mail would come
in the mail, because the mailing basically is
not a hundred page stark fist like they want.
It's a half catalog and half of sort of a rant
about how we've decided to
sell out and make a bunch of money. Well, we've been, you know, selling out the whole time, but
it's rather it's time to screw the art and go for the bucks.
We achieved everything we had in mind as far as the art goes,
and it hasn't changed the world for Bob.
You know, it's netted us maybe a few hundred thousand ministers,
but nothing like the millions predicted in Dateline for Dominance.
And by God, to destroy the concept of money,
it shall take money. Vast, gigantic hordes,
entire treasures of money. And not funny Bob art.
No, sir. Money, pure power. Because,
as Chairman Dobbs said,
revolution comes out of the barrel of a bank account.
That's the way the
conspiracy did win. And they got it locked down.
But Bob has the secret code that'll unlock them.
From the inside, though. That's why we have so many agents inside the conspiracy.
I can't tell you who they are, of course. You'd be shocked.
You'd be shocked. You may have voted for some of them,
or voted against some of them at some point or another. You've gone to see
big blockbuster movies
with secret
subgenius operatives in them.
You've, you've, you know, you've seen them on MTV.
You've hated them because they were so rich and handsome and popular and famous.
Couple of them you've even hated because you thought they were Scientologists.
Don't you see? You see, we've got our fingers in many, many pies.
We didn't put all our eggs in one basket. No, sir.
We're out there fertilizing them eggs, as Jim Jones used to say.
Yes, sirree, Bob. We're gonna...
I mean, I think the Alm Supreme Truth Temple in Japan had the right idea. Yes, sir.
I think maybe old Mr. Rajneesh up there in Oregon had the right idea. Yes, sir.
Mr. Reverend Sun Yung Moon. Mr. L. Ron Hubbard.
Mr. David Koresh.
And Mr. Reverend Ivan Stang ain't no... didn't, his mama didn't raise no foo neither.
So, by gobs...
Anyway, I figured that some of the snail mail subgeniuses out there would go,
Uh, you, I don't want to get a computer and mess with that internet stuff.
That's conspiracy. That's free to conspiracy.
Because I read about that Bill Gates and he's, he's bad.
I can tell because he wears glasses and looks like a geek, Reverend Stang.
And, and, and, and I, and I wanted my real stark fist.
And I don't blame you a bit.
But, um, you're going to have to let us completely crush the opposition a little bit.
Unless you wanted to help.
You could help.
I mean, I know we got your 30 bucks, or it was probably 20 back when.
But, uh, you know, um, we do have CDs now.
And, uh, uh, quite a fancy line of subgenius clothing.
And, um, pins and gigas and tapes.
And, uh...
Weaponry and pills and, you know, all that stuff.
We thought about getting our 1-800 number, but we're not quite to that stage yet.
It was hard enough to be able to take plastic.
They don't trust mail order companies, my friend.
They especially don't trust mail order companies dedicated to the destruction of the, of the entire system of work.
And money.
Not that we're communists.
It's just the opposite.
Because that's just a more insidious, a much worse version of the same thing.
We're talking about a change in human society so profound that it would make the new man and woe man look as different from the present man and woman as the present ones do from, uh, the australopithecus.


Of the beautiful African Welt.
As they threw rocks and cracked each other's heads open, sucking their brains out.
Uh, yes, we should...
It would be a new way, starting in two years.
For us.
Not for everybody else.
Just for the dues-paying subgeniuses.
And the ones that never paid their dues will...
They'll probably live a normal life span and get to torture the humans.
And the ones that live as gods.
But they'll be without Bob.
They won't have Bob.
And they won't really have slack.
They'll have power.
You'll have money.
Or what there is, you know, which...
Things more powerful than money.
But...
It'll all seem so hollow and empty.
And when you finally go to that great judgment, there ain't gonna be nobody there to judge you.
You're gonna be in a waiting room for the rest of your life.
Luckily, you'll be dead.
So you won't know it.
You'll just be, like, asleep forever.
That is the fate.
That's the best you can hope for.
As a subgenius.
Without that membership card in your pocket, friends.
That's the best.
Is an endless sleep.
In the waiting room that never...
Leads anywhere.
And, uh, me...
Well, I actually haven't spent my time...
I haven't spent my 30 bucks yet.
But I...
I've got two years.
And then...
And when the exes come, and I've spent that 30 bucks, I'll be welcomed onto the first paradise.
The one that lasts as long as I want to live.
And then the second paradise after I die.
And then the third one after I die from that paradise.
And then the...
When I choose to.
And, you know, so forth up the ladder till you get to the final punchline.
Ah, yes.
The punchline at the end of the ladders.
Where...
Where Bob finally reveals it to you.
If he can remember it by then.
So don't get your hopes up.
It's a long ways off anyway.
Infinitely long ways off.
Well, I guess it's time to mix this stuff down.
Probably yabbered an hour's worth.
And it's time to...
Turn it into a show.
Of course, for you, this will be the end of the show.
So...
Well, it's been a nice slackful show.
So far.
Didn't have to mix.
Just cut.
Praise Bob.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
© 2011
Your friends at Amara.org

An 화나 drove inconspicuously really.
Used such luxury pr務
To promote his business.
Ah, masters, if I could only lift up the phone and admit these callers to true enlightenment, I would.
But it is an irony of life that one's ability to help one's fellow man increases proportionally as one's opportunity to do it decreases.
Let's go back millions and millions of years into the past.
The tape won't go back that far.
Farther and farther back unwind the tape until beneath arboraceous fronds and palms, huge belching reptiles rumble their empty bellies.
There's one.
Yes, note the immense length of this brute.
And with its small teeth there, it manages to honk off a few leaves from that tobacco tree.
Now notice that it doesn't chew these.
Or spit out the juice.
It swallows the entire disgusting bolus, as you can see by the peristaltic motion of its long saurian neck.
And down, down it goes, all the way down that lengthy tube until it enters the crop.
Here, in this first of a set of stomachs, one of God's finest creations, enormous boulders absentmindedly swallowed by the dim-witted beast grind and crush the fern.
Into a Fletcher-like paste.
Then, the disgusting mass slips further on into the, uh, body of the behemoth, entering the stomach, which radiates an incredible amount of heat.
Why, you might ask?
Yeah, why?
Because the stomach of these giant dinosaurs is full of sympathetic, symbiotic bacteria, which perform the major action of digestion.
After these giant stones have, uh...
Oh, hello, doctor.
What's up?
Oh, uh, y-yes, I'm here. I can just see you at the end of my microscope, my boy.
Oh, uh, yes, I'm here too.
That means little color.
Yes, it does. And little color, wax drop. And, uh, and Big Daddy, uh, thing again.
Oh, oh, it's Clarabelle. Just a moment.
Who's that? Who's on there?
Ah, well, we've got Clarabelle here, and, uh, Hank Kisham, and, uh, Hank Ketchum, who draws Dennis the Menace, and, uh...
Cut.
I was going to, uh, describe the, uh, secrets of the...


Life and death, and all the mysteries of time and space, as well as the secret teachings of all ages, if I can work them in.
Uh, of course, I'll have to shout this over the, uh, the Niagara Falls of, uh, noises.
There's that clown honking his horn again.
That's, uh, Harpo, I believe.
Uh, it's the ninth Marx brother, uh, Gummo.
Lumpo.
Oh, yes, uh, the one who had to be here.
Lumpo, the realest Gummo.
Yes, exactly. Forest Gummo.

Well, he's been very ill-publicized because the famous family of, uh, comedians never cared to bring this, uh, subterranean scorpion to the light before.
Have you seen natural-born killers yet?
Every time I go walking down the street in my neighborhood.
Why, they'd kill for a burrito.
Oh, burrito?
And so would I, when I think of the delicious morsels available at Taqueria of Vomitizma.
Boink.
Oh, someone imitating a synthesizer again.
Uh, hasn't that robot revolution taken place yet?
Did you or did you not?
Dear friends, I seem to vaguely remember having played that little, uh, piece there at some point in the not-too-distant past or future.
It's hard to tell sometimes if we holy men get, uh, prescience and, uh, book learning all mixed up.
You don't know what happened in the future and, and, and...
And if so, what time it was.
And, uh, but it is time!
Yes, now it is that joyous time for you to take out that pen or pencil or just use your own blood.
Uh, and, uh, uh, grab whatever, uh, skin you can find and write, uh, the post office box number of J.R. Bob-Dob so that you too can, uh, get a, a ticket to those selfsame escape vessels of the pleasure goddesses from Planet X.
Come X-Day, only two years away.
In fact, uh, possibly two years to the day by the time you hear this particular episode.
And that box number is, friends, just write to Bob, you know, old Bob, your old friend Bob, at post office box 140306.
That's 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
7-5-2-1-4.
Uh, yes.
And, uh, now that I've gotten this one slackful show done, I've got to do another slackful show because also by the time you hear this I'm gonna be partying down in, in, uh, uh, Brushwood Folklore Center in Sherman, New York for the giant X-Day gathering.
And giant it does appear to be.
Giant and threatening and horrible.
Once again, that box number is 140306.
Dallas, Texas.
14-3-0-6.
7-5-2-1-4.
Email slack at metronet dot com.
The calm of metronet dot com.
Yes.
What was Hal saying just now?
I beg your pardon.
He stuck his tongue down her throat.
Was this on the Playboy channel or?
He stuck his tongue down her throat on national TV.
You were watching an X-Ray film maybe or a CAT scan?
Just to prove that, you know, she is female and she is an adult woman and that he is attracted to, uh...
It's incredible what they can do with special effects these days.
He's the world's greatest reclusive freak.
You know, you can hear a babble about celebrities on every station at every hour of the day and usually not on this show, so let us not give ourselves over to this unclean and prurient interest in the lives of others who can hardly concern us in our current perspective.
Is Michael Jackson a subgenius?
What an amusing suggestion, young man.
I think the world laughs as it considers it.
Is he too mainstream of a freak?
Well, you know, uh, this is an entirely relative concept.
I wasn't attempting to discuss the abnormal but rather the normal, the genetic paradigm which occurred at the beginning of time.
If I could resume my sermon, I would explain to you...
Thank you.
They just don't take it seriously.
No.
No, they don't, but you can be the one who does and benefit.
Benefit, exalt yourself...
