Now proper time has come for massive change.
Ring, ring, ring, swap.
Jai Shri Guru Narayana, Om Shri Guru Gaino Ma.
Ring, ring, ring, swap.
I don't know how you came by this record,
but you are now embarked upon a journey
that must certainly lead you to change your life forever.
If you were never a special person,
you are a special person now.
Hello, seeker.
Now don't feel alone here in the new age
because there's a seeker born every minute.
Yes, I'm Dr. Happy Harry Cox,
and call me happy because I am.
Because you're listening to another
in a series of my mind-breaking records.
The Genius Hour of Swag.
An hour?
I can't wait another hour.
What's keeping that stupid?
I mean, there it is.
This is a very exciting time for us.
Who is us?
I'm Doe, for starters.
Doe!
No, no, no.
We said wait for the comment.
Hail Bob.
Do not shed your containers until X-Day.
Stay in your containers until 7 a.m. July 5th, 1990.
That is all.
I was right about the comet.
Get them and see why.
What's everyone so worked up about?
So there's a comet.
Big deal.
It'll burn up in our atmosphere,
and what's ever left will be no bigger than a chihuahua's head.
When the sun set,
and the earth lay dark in the depth of night,
primitive man gazed into the firmament,
and wondered with awe
of what the heavens had done.
And the heavens contained.
Countless points of light dazzled his mind with godly grace.
A thousand points of light.
And yet, what light kindles these illumined torches?
Fires kept burning by an all-powerful deity?
Lord Bob's light.
Then, as the earth revolves about the sun,
she became host to a visitor's ship.
Oh, there goes the camera.
A traveling star.
That's much better.
Voyaging from a planet called Lemuria.
Eleven astronauts came as cosmic messengers,
headed by the one Uriel,
to enlighten the earthman of his destiny,
and awaken within him the wonders of the universe.
We're doomed!
It's times like this I wish I were a religious man.
It's all over, people!
We don't have a prayer!
Ahhh!
Take me off to the moon!
Take me off to space!
Take me off to space!
Come on down, you saucer man,
and take me off to space!
Take me off to space!
Take me off to space!
Come on down, you saucer man,
and take me off to space!
Go back out of the holodeck to reality.
To be with, you know, the other members on the craft.
Oh my god.
Spates aliens.
Don't eat me!
I have a wife and kids!
Eat them!
Silence!
We are travelers from a certain nearby ringed planet
whose name we prefer not to mention.
My name is Kang.
And this is my sister, Kodos.
Hello.
I suppose you want to probe me.
Well, may as well get it over with.
There's little needles in my belly
They slant up my skin
I don't care as long as I can live with saucer man
I know that you don't take a quest
But I'm a special police
Come on down, you saucer man
And take me off to space!
Stop.
We have reached the limits of what rectal probing can teach us.
This is a mission of conquest.
Take us to your leader.
It's sickening.
It's shocking.
I think it's important that we get as many facts as we can about this
and try to determine what in fact motivated those people.
And what all of us can do to make sure that there aren't other people thinking in that same way out there in our country
that aren't so isolated that they can create a world for themselves that may justify that kind of thing.
It's very troubling to me.
That's slick Willy for you. Always with the smooth talk.
Take the little package of pudding. Eat a couple of teaspoons.
Make room to put the medicine in and stir it.
Release the fats.
And then eat it quickly. Drink this vodka mixture which they apparently had mixed up.
And then lay back and rest quietly.
There's a lot of speculation out there regarding other groups, similar groups that do similar acts.
We can't tie those in at this point.
As the investigation proceeded, we developed new information.
We didn't have that information available to us at the time.
So now we want to go back and close those doors.
Are you here doing the act?
This gentleman here in the gray shirt.
What's your name?
The castrations that you're referring to, did you tell us if they're recent or...
That's when we knew it wasn't some genius.
The question was about the castrations, how recent they are or how old they are?
Hey, I had nothing to do with that.
Every one of the cult members said goodbye on that take.
They were very upbeat, very much in a good mood and very enthusiastic about what they described to be the next phase of their eternal lives.
And Sorka says that the group apparently believed that a UFO was hidden behind a Hale-Bopp comet and that it was coming to Earth to deliver them to Heaven.
Try to take the time to look at the information that T&O has brought that has been presented to you.
We know the media is going to do a hatchet job on us in the same way they do a hatchet job on practically every subject.
If the humans were told the truth about what goes on on this planet, they'd be shocked.
And wouldn't continue to do it.
And wouldn't continue to do it.
They'd continue in their 8 to 5 slavery and ignorance.
And I think I've probably covered that point well enough.
Again, these here are the most incredible individuals that I have the honor to spend time with.
Oooh, yeah.
And not just anyone could join.
You know, we want people to be totally dedicated to this thing.
You've got to give up whatever it is you're into, your job, your family, sell your house, whatever you have to do, just come on with us.
You know, we want people to be totally dedicated to this thing.

And there were a few people in Dallas that were seriously thinking about going with him.
They just made it sound so good it was going to be like going to heaven or something.
Very sweet. Great.
And I hope this is not the case, but remember with the order of the Solar Temple,
this was done simultaneously in Canada and in Switzerland.
So I'm hoping that they're not going to discover a house in Arizona and in New Mexico
where people have undergone the same sort of thing.
Interesting. Let's go now to Kurt, who joins us on the line from Tallahassee.
Yes. My head is reeling from the news of this.
This is the second incredible coincidence dealing with this other computer-linked cult,
which seemed to be in some sort of rivalry with this higher source.
And what is that other cult?
I think it's called, like I said, Genius or something.
And it has these incredible web pages.
I mean, just page after page after page.
And they take on these Christian-based cults,
especially the ones...
They have homepages, and we're predicting that in their religion,
there's going to be like a UFO invasion in 1998 in July or something.
And they were predicting that there would be this comet that would come by a year before
called Hail Bob.
And I read about this almost a half a year ago before this comet was even discovered,
that it wasn't called Hail Bob.
I guess this is the same comet.
They call it Hail Bob.
Well, it's named after the two people who discovered it.
Yes, I know.
And it was spelled differently, but it was kind of...
When I first saw that coincidence, I thought, boy, that's kind of funny,
because, you know, they said Hail Bob, and this is called Hail Bob.
What was the name of that group?
Well, it was called the Subgenius something or another,
the Church of the Subgenius or something like that.
And they predicted that when this comet would come by,
it would prove to the other Christian-based religions
that a year later, the actual UFOs would land.
And they predicted that these...
They warned these other cults that they should just kill themselves
before it happens,
because they were going to be enslaved or tortured
if they waited until the actual landings.
And I thought, you know, when I drove in...
Because I remember the entire source was one of the cults
that was specifically taunted about this.
And when I heard this title, I went, holy cow!
I mean, I can't believe that they would have actually taken their advice,
because, you know, that Hail Bob and Hail Bob is...
It wasn't exactly what they said it would be, but it was awfully close.
You have to be careful, because the Church of the Subgenius
is not a real group.
Well, they've got a tremendous website.
Hold on, Kurt, one at a time.
The Church of the Subgenius is an elaborate parody on religion
that's been put together by some very creative people
in the science fiction community.
Well, I had also heard, too, but I had also heard
that this was kind of...
That was sort of the facade that they did
so that nobody got after them,
because they've just got...
If you go into their website...
Kurt, can you hold on just a second, please?
Sure.
All right.
Let's go quickly to James in San Antonio, Texas.
Let's get off of that subgenius stuff.
James.
Hi.
Yeah.
Church of the Subgenius.
I just wanted to speak to the Church of the Subgenius.
Yeah.
That's not a cult.
That's a joke.
What?
I'm aware of that.
Oh, okay.
It's got a very funny-faced man
who fronts all of their stuff.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs, yes.
No, they're no threat to anybody.
What?
I mean, except for people who hold...
And that might indeed be the reason it was Hail Bob?
Right, exactly.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Sure.
Thanks very much.
Sure.
Okay.
Bye.
Appreciate it.
Let's move on now to...
Oh, yes.
They always want to move on.
Harry, who joins us from Columbus, Ohio.
Yes, Harry.
Well, as a matter of fact,
this news report,
not exactly just in.
You'll forgive us for being a couple of weeks
behind the conspiracy news, dear friends.
But it...
And the fact that we don't have a...
Well...
The San Diego County District...
District Attorney's Office refused to confirm or deny rumors
that poison gas canisters traced to Texas
had been found at the scene of yesterday's
Rancho Santa Fe mass suicide.
Sources close to the investigation indicated
that pressure tanks labeled, quote,
Church Air, unquote,
had been found in the mansion
where 39 young computer programmers
apparently committed suicide.
One tank was reported to have a shipping tag
with a Texas return address.
There were also unconfirmed reports
of a handwritten note attached to the canisters.
A neighbor who asked not to be identified
said that the young men and women
who lived in the seven-bedroom house
addressed each other as bobbies
and spent many hours each day
hooked up to the Internet.
I think that's where they got all these crazy ideas,
another resident of the upscale neighborhood said.
Sometimes they said their leader
was a guy named Robert J. Dobbings
and that he was in San Diego, Ohio.
Sometimes they said he was in Southeast Asia
or Malaysia or someplace,
but then other times they stated
he had been assassinated by some guy from Texas.
The neighbors also said that the bobbies
claimed to have evidence of a vast conspiracy
involving huge corporations and the federal government.
They talked a lot about something they called the con,
but then they also talked about
a small group of old guys in Arkansas and Texas
who they claimed had tried to take over the church.
They were always saying about how they had to
rescue the church from some guy named Irwin Strong,
the neighbors said.
These bobbies figured that since this Strong or Strang guy
was so old and feeble that they could just
shove him out of the way and take over this nut cult
that he apparently runs out of some foundation
in Fort Worth or Austin,
a source close to the investigation said.
Looks like their plans may have hit a snap,
but they're not sure what they're doing.


Law enforcement officials would not confirm
that they were investigating a post office box address
in Fort Worth, Texas,
thought to be hometown of Irwin Strong.
The note attached to the gas canisters said in part,
quote,
have some real slack, boys and girls, unquote,
and is thought by investigators to have been written
in a code devised by the cult.
And well, I guess,


we just may have to see what happens
and what comes of all of this, don't you think, dear friends?
I think they're just beginning possibly to catch on,
they like to think.
Anyway, I sure hope all of this is working all right
because, friends, we're working on new tape decks
donated by Sister Friday Jones.
We're ranting on new microphones
and you can imagine, you can imagine
we've been slamming Heaven's Gate, dear friends.
Oh.
Yes.
We've been, them all, them kids,
them subgeniuses are out there swinging on that gate
to Heaven again and they're going to throw that thing off its hinges
and nobody's going to be able to get through it
and hell will fill up with the,
the dead will walk the earth and all that.
Okay?
Dang them subgeniuses.
Uh, yes.
And dang them subgeniuses indeed.
We're probably danged already.
Um, but I should give some credits here, dear friends.
We have been listening to, actually, I should say that this Hour of Slack
is produced by yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang
and also Sister Susie the Floozy of Bob's Slack Time Funhouse
in WREK Atlanta.
The beautiful and voluptuous Sister Susie the Floozy
who actually does look about the way you would think.
Collage, did most of that amazing collage that we've been hearing
and we will hear plenty more of it.
Dear friends, you can be sure of that, uh,
from her, uh, show on WREK in Atlanta.
Praise Atlanta.
We're going to be doing a show in Atlanta May 10th.
I'll give you these instructions on that later on.
We're all going to quench suicide, drink vodka,
take the bat pudding antidote and it's going to be great, man.
But what we've been listening to, aside from, uh, the collage from Susie
and, uh, a little bit of stuff I recorded,
the stuff I recorded, friends, happened to feature,
uh, well, uh, at one point you heard, Rev,
my friend Emot Zipold of Cosmic Triad,
you hear him playing in the back, we'll hear more.
He was interviewed, he's a subgenius minister here,
was interviewed by local news because he had had some involvement
with that other cult, the rival cult,
and the call to, uh, talk to the nation, I believe it is.
It's an NPR talk show, very stuffed shirt, sort of clueless bunch.
Um, we had a lot of, a lot of people call us up,
email us about that, say, oh, there was this pink boy,
he was all concerned.
Friends, that was you hour of slack listeners will,
of course, recognize the voice of Father Joe Mama,
uh, a great, a great prankster, and, and yes,
it is sad and tragic and everything what happened to those,
those people, but, you know, I think it's time for me,
let's just go into the comparisons here.
I'll pull this background music down to a, a soft rug.
It's my, see, I don't have any,
I'm like a crazy,
little cult member here.
I don't have an engineer working with me.
Praise Bob.
But let's take a look at this.
Coincidence or conspiracy?
Heaven's Gate, a cult full of computer geeks on the internet.
Subgenius, cult full of computer geeks on the internet.
Heaven's Gate, been around since the 70s.
Subgenius, been around since the 70s.

Heaven's Gate, 39 gaily bedecked dead weirdos with bad haircuts.
Subgenius, 39,000 gaily bedecked live weirdos with bad haircuts.
Heaven's Gate follows Doe, aka, quote, Boe, unquote.
Subgenius follow Dobbs, aka, quote, Bob, unquote.
Them rival cultists, they just too lazy to add them extra letters
on the end of the cult leader names.
Heaven's Gate worships mysterious Peep.
Subgenius worship mysterious Pee.
Heaven's Gate, no slack.
Subgenius, on Slack.
Heaven's Gate, no drugs.
Subgenius, on drugs.
Heaven's Gate, no sex.
Subgenius, bonobo sex.
Heaven's Gate, believes that aliens will save them.
Subgenius believes that aliens will save them and destroy everyone else.
Heaven's Gate, no drugs.

Heaven's Gate cult compound reeks.
Subgenius cult compound reeks.
Heaven's Gate started in Texas by Texans.
Subgenius started in Texas by Texans.
Heaven's Gate designs websites for money, chants gibberish for slack.
Subgenius designs websites for slack, chants gibberish for money.
Heaven's Gate considers humans to be one level below the greys.
Subgenius agree, but consider the greys several levels below subgenii.
Heaven's Gate mixes sedatives and vodka.
Subgenius mix frop and reality and sedatives and vodka.
Subgenius says the end of the world comes July 5th, 1998, 7 o'clock a.m.
Heaven's Gate? Whoops.
Heaven's Gate left clear evidence for police.
Subgenius, in our case, puzzling evidence, left for the police.
Heaven's Gate, 39 people were involved in the entire cult suicide.
In the Church of the Subgenius, only 39 bothered to wake up for the cult suicide drill in one place.
Heaven's Gate stole a great list of keywords from the Zetterbergs.
Heaven's Gate is a reticulant website, and so did we.
We had that same great list of keywords.
Had them there for a year.
Friends, for all this time, we've been sapping off.
Anybody who was looking that would be lured to the Heaven's Gate site, this is during the last year.
Friends, we had the same keywords.
They had equal chance of landing on the Subgenius website.
Have you heard about any subgeniuses killing themselves?
Okay.
Heaven's Gate.
The leader says he's Jesus.
Well, I got news for those stupid cultists.
Our business manager actually is Jesus.
The Heaven's Gate people call pinks norms, and we call norms pinks.
In both Heaven's Gate and in Subgenius, Reverend Emot Zippel appeared on sleazy local news reports about the cult.
Now, how can that be?
Heaven's Gate people want to become greys.
Subgeniuses want to enslave the greys.
Heaven's Gate people want to enslave the greys.
Heaven's Gate website's VRML doesn't work, and neither does ours.
Heaven's Gate and the Church of the Subgenius are both hilariously funny and are both deadly serious.
Heaven's Gate followers ingest deadly poisonous pudding in order to die.
Subgeniuses endure deadly poisonous face-raping bat sperm from hideous barbed plunge down their throats.
Heaven's Gate annually injects over painkillers.
Subgenius behind başka Olden O'Sexes, who has caused this and many other redux,
Hosp lugares to strapsип for the




Afterenciements
is
changes addresses and names constantly.
The Church of the Subgenius,
P.O. Box 140306,
Dallas, Texas 75214.
Heaven's Gate, male cultists,
have only one penis.
Subgenius, female cultists,
have multiple peni just in their collections.
Heaven's Gate refers to a Father John.
Subgenius Gate refers to Father John R. Hyperclots.
Heaven's Gate, total overcomers.
And Church of the Subgenius, overmancomers.
I gave you a friend,
we are going to fly away,
to the escape vessels of the sex goddesses,
but, friends, we are not like the poor cult zombies,
I mean, not really...
sure, they call pinks, norms,
just as we do,
although I bet in private they probably said Norm worms
or something more derogatory.
And they asked about casting off the meat Shell...
But only took parts!
Oh goodbye!
Goodbye there went the last of the...
But now, friends, I guess they found out the hard way
what we've been trying to tell people all this time,
which is that the greys are not your friends.
The kind of...
Sorry, the greys are not your friends.
Dobbs predicted that this comment would prove
that alien attackers were en route to enslave
all the non-believers who should indeed kill themselves
to escape gruesome torture.
And, of course, this so-called higher source
was specifically mentioned in the prediction.
But these geniuses, they thought they wanted...
They thought they were going to get to become greys.
They actually wanted to become greys.
Friends, that's like wanting to become a bug.
Now, seriously, if...
If at the X-Day drill this July 5th, 1997,
if we suggest that everybody...
Oh, lay down in a sort of a giant star pattern on the field
and put these cloths over your heads and, you know, just take a nap,
don't worry and don't get all excited if you hear strange noises.
We're probably just filming one of those funny, fake, you know,
Bobby's execution scenes like we did last year at the drill for the 7...
We like to send that footage to the 700 Club and just freak them out.
You know, that's all we're trying to do, friends.
But I'll tell you...
I will...
I must admit, when Jesus first heard the news on the radio
about a mass suicide of a house full of cult members,
all male, all dressed alike,
working at computers in rows
with a website full of aliens and flying saucers,
Jesus had his fingers crossed, friends,
that it was subgeniuses.
He really did.
He was praying to his father,
which, believe me, he rarely does,
that when they lifted those purple shrouds in front of the TV cameras,
that they'd find everybody wearing a Dobbs head t-shirt.
Now, friends, certainly death is tragic,
and I certainly wouldn't want to make fun of those dumbasses
if somebody else had done it to them,
but one must consider the good riddance factor.
You'd have to be a pretty spoiled, self-centered jerk to begin with
to feel so vastly superior to everyone else
that you'd even start to fall for this...
you know, this...
you are a mistreated god line of crap.
Present company excluded, of course.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Yes.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
and before I go on any farther,
and we actually will get quite serious about this presently, friends,
I have to play...
is there time at the end of this side?
Perhaps?
Jehovah Hates Fred
in their cover version of that great old Denslow song
Take Me Off To...
Space.
Space.
Yes, thank you.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.

.
.





Take me off to space, take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucerman, and take me off to space.
Stick needles in my belly, take samples of my skin.
I don't care so long as I can live with saucerman.
I know that you don't take quests, but I'm a special case.
So come on down, you saucerman, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space, take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucerman, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space, take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucerman, and take me off to space.
Hey cattle mule bladers, let me join your crew.
Give me a knife, you bet your life I'll cut up cows for you.
I don't care if you're some kind of fiend without a face.
So come on down, you saucerman, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucerman, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucerman, and take me off to space.
Take down your tiny robots with your little nipper claws.
You pale and bug-eyed aliens with wild and clammy paws.
Life is just a sucker's dream and death is a disgrace.
So come on down, you saucerman, and take me off to space.
Oh, take me off to space, take me off to space
Come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
Take me off to space, take me off to space
Come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Superior mutants.
Repent.
Quit your job.
Black off.
We may not be a joke, but if we're a joke, you can believe it.
Sid and Bob will have thousands of followers.
Sid and Bob will have thousands of followers.
Sid and Bob will have thousands of followers.
Sid and Bob will have thousands of followers.
Sid and Bob will have thousands of followers.
Sid and Bob will have thousands of followers.
Sid and Bob will have thousands of followers.
That's the world's only industrial cult.
We would like to take a minute.
Yeah, but there's been...
Or at least a few seconds.
In honor of our dearly departed 39 brothers and sisters.
I see the goddesses.
Although not members of the subgenius.
No.
For if they were members, they would know what dumbasses they really were.
No, Doug Wellman, I don't know what he is right now.
We don't object to what they've done.
We think they've just done it a little early.
We believe that the space vessels of the sex goddesses will return to this earth July 5th, 1998, 7 a.m.
What does it look like?
No, you do not.

You do not have to leave your flesh vessel.
The space ships will pick you up in your entirety.
Leave the plastic bags at home.
Yeah.
Please, no video cameras.
They will be destroyed at the door.
Take them to your car.
No audio tapes.
That must be the question.
We'll all be there?
All of them.
We're gonna sweep.
A priceless...
It will sweep across the earth at 7 a.m.
Which is great for us because we can watch the destruction on television.
We're gonna purchase tickets.
Will Bob be there?
I'm the Prince of Truth.
Will Bob be there?
J.R. Bogdob.
Tickets are for sale.
Tickets are for sale?

Tickets are for sale.
That's a real nice shirt.
Thank you.
Am I getting royalties on that?
Um, actually, yeah, it's in the mail.
Oh, thank you.
I've been waiting for that royalty check for all the Jesus paraphernalia for a long time.
We're listening to Jesus' sermon to the line.
At the Survival Research Laboratory show in Austin last weekend.
Three cult members, by the way, had done SRL's website and were actually killed in the Survival Research Labs show.
And wonderful bug-attracting clothing.
This clothing not only has the beautiful image of Bob, but it's guaranteed to attract many in...
Oh, yes, it's true, dear friends.
I am a mocker.
I'm a mocker, and I am guilty of having made callous fun of the 39 dead geeks.
But you know their farewell statements on video beg us not to make a big deal out of how tragic it all is.
They went not only willingly, but eagerly.
And it has always been the mission of Bob's Church to get you to the punchline alive.
And we don't mean the Jonestown punchline.
You know, sure, we're waiting for the saucers, too.
But as Dr. Lecque put it, we're happy to wait at the corner for the bus with our quarters in our pockets.
We don't feel we have to jump out into the path of the oncoming bus.
And, you know, sure, we'll shed our containers in 450-some-odd days.
But when the pigs find our meat shells,
it'll be more like the 39,000 bodies were all wearing Timex wristwatches,
Reebok's shoes, Levi's jeans.
Each had an unopened pack of Camel Light cigarettes and was clutching an empty Dr. Pepper can.
Dr. Grabow pipes were clenched in each dead jaw,
and Smith & Wesson revolvers had to be pried out of all their cold, dead fingers.
Ah, yes, friends, it's true. We do, we do indeed make fun.
But what I want to talk about right this minute, before we go back to the funny stuff,
I want to talk about the cult that makes Heaven's Gate look harmless.
And I ain't talking about Church of the Subgenius.
Because more disgusting than mockers like me, or dumbasses like the Heaven's Gate people,
are the pompous, pious, pink pigs.
pundits that are oozing out of every op-ed page and talk show, indulging in a veritable
orgy of self-congratulation about how sane and normal they are and their good religion.
The really hip ones go, well, now, some will blame the internet, but I'm too cool to blame
the internet.
I'm on AOL now.
But, of course, the real cause is the breakdown of family values.
Blah, blah, woof, woof.
And the biggest difference between Heaven's Gate and mainstream Christianity, friends,
is that the Heaven's Gate people never tried to brainwash my kids.
They stayed out of my face.
If you were interested, you could look them up on the web.
The Heaven's Gate people didn't feel they had any interest in me.

They had to take over a dozen radio and TV stations here in Dallas alone.
They didn't have to have entire cable networks devoted to their particular superstition.
So they shunned sex.
Millions of Christians, called nuns, priests, and losers, are the same way.
So 39 of them killed themselves.
At least they didn't kill millions of non-believers.
Burn all them away.
They killed some witches, tortured free-thinkers, and so forth and so on.
So the cultists think some spaceship full of gods is gonna come save them.
Well, Christians, Jews, Muslims, and just about everybody else believes in an invisible
monster that will help you out if you kiss its almighty invisible butt.
And why do they believe all this?
Why?
Because they read it in a book.
Or some really sincere person told them.

And they're gonna tell them all about it.
And just listen to these pinks drone on and on and on, worse than I'm doing now, about
those poor deluded cultists as if they themselves were somehow any different.
And I'm not talking about Christian nuts like Bob Larson and Jerry Falwell.
I mean, you expect it from clowns like them.
I hardly need to comment on the... on Pat Robertson sitting there on the 700 Club playing with
little pumpkins and talking about how silly those cultists are.
I'm talking about your standard, everyday, middle-of-the-road commentator, your letters
to the editor-writer, your average good American God-fearing religious hypocrite.
They are every jot and tittle as vain and silly as Doe and his followers, and have caused
infinitely more trouble.
And now I have to put up with listening to their condescending garbage.


Every time I check the news.
While all it boils down to is this.
See, my invisible monster's bigger than your invisible monster.
Nyah, nyah, nyah, nyah.
My invisible monster didn't kill me.
He's a good invisible monster.
And all the rest of us normal people, we all believe in the same invisible monster.
Nyah, nyah, nyah, nyah, nyah.
Friends, the cultists make me sick.
But the normals make me sicker.
.
And as screwed up as those Heaven's Gate idiots were, oft times I think I'd rather be a dead
weirdo than a live normal.
Praise Hurf.
And I've said my piece.
There.
Let's go to Susie the Floozy's incredible, incredible show.
I have to remember to put Dolby on for this.
Take it off of Chrome.
Okay.
Let's see.
Yeah!
.
Oh, hey, seeker.
Is that a five dollar bill and a roll of quarters in your pocket, or are you just happy to see
me?
Hello.
I'm that starry-eyed little smartass irreverent Susie the Floozy, and let me point out that
I am not from that particular deranged city.

I am from the Sauter Cult that you think.
No.
I and Bob's Slacktime Funhouse here represent J.R. Bob Dobbs and his Church of the Subgenius.
Make a note of it.
Please make a note of it.
Oh, because it's getting to where you'll need a scorecard to keep track of all the lunatics
that are popping up.
All the insane developments of the past few days have dictated that I throw out the show
that I plan to do tonight and to labor all day long.

I'm going to do it today, intensively, desperately, to bring you seekers the cutting-edge, up-to-the-minute
truth that you deserve about what's going on right now.
Oh, hey, look.
Another eclipse.
Wow.
Ain't this some weather we're having lately?
Oh, but what about all the apocalyptic rhetoric on the news lately, seekers?
Doesn't it all sound a little too familiar?
Right down to the flying saucers and the flying saucers.
Oh, it smells like the Church of the Subgenius all over, but the names and the faces are
all wrong somehow.
Oh, yeah, it was a different deranged saucer cult, all right.
One in San Diego, not Dallas.
Oh, and to pull the magic flying carpet out from under the flus's high-heeled feet.
Oh, I was wrong, because it turned out to be a different San Diego-based deranged saucer
cult than I had thought.

Oh, I mean, what are the chances of that happening?
Oh, yes, silly me.
I thought it had to be a radical splinter group of saucer-nut acolytes of Ruth Norman
and her Unarius Foundation.
You know, the one in the thrift-storch suburb of El Cajon, California.
And I mean, hey, it was logical, since that old bat Uriel finally croaked a few years
back, and, oh, I knew they didn't stand a chance of holding together without that pink-haired
saucer.





I mean, I don't know if I can get that super-annuated old mummy figurehead from Liberace's trailer
part.
I mean, you just can't fake disco glitter style like that.
But dang, it seems like alien contact cults are popping up like cosmic crack houses.
Oh, haven't they given serious thought to what they're doing with their hilltop beacons
and shortwave signals?
Oh, at best, aliens might have as low a gag threshold for cosmic sweetness and light crap
as I do.
Or they might find out that Klaatu Barada Nikto means, hey, gort, rip off my head and suck
down my tasty sap.
Oh, but I guess that's for them to find out.
Anyway, the logical upshot of this is that there will be the inevitable, trendy suicide
vogue.
And, hey, I'm in favor of it.
Any way of winnowing down the horde, I always say.
But I'm afraid the side effect of this will be hard to predict.

Hopefully we'll be able to figure out the real brake envelope blame-less action that
the
The
The
Just another bunch of blathering, feel-good, newage alien huggers.
Ha! Ha!
Oh, you don't think so?
Just look at the current video poster,
Children for Off-Planet Migration.
Oh, those astro-loonies were talking like Christians.
And that Star Trek holodeck metaphor spouting guy
really pushed everybody's credibility over the edge.
Oh, and the best they had to offer as a leader
was the poor man's Dr. Tim, Marshall Applewhite.
Duh.
No Reverend Ivan Stang for them, no, sir.
And what's worse, no Bob.
They died without Bob, speakers.
You know, I do have to respect them
for trying to attain the level above human,
but, well, they're going about it the wrong way entirely.
I mean, Bob.
Bob won't make you give up your testicles.
Well, not both of them, anyway.
No, far from it.
The only surgery we usually do on our initiates
is just the routine opening of your third nostril,
but, oh, that's not real painful.
Well, not fatal, at any rate.
And after you recover from our rituals,
you can really use your equipment, if you know what I mean.
Unlike those tacky, publicity-grabbing,
fly-by-the-windows,
fly-by-the-windows,
fly-by-the-windows,

Oh, and you don't have to give anything up, seekers.
In fact, it's better for you
if you actually acquire more vices.
Oh.
Unlike those four saps out in California.
Oh, man.
I mean, once you cut off cigarettes,
and booze, and drugs, and sex, and testicles,
I guess suicide doesn't look too bad as a viable option.
Oh, yeah, we don't make subgeniuses commit ritual suicide.
Just ritual career suicide like me.
What's more, we offer eternal salvation or triple your money back.
And it's so simple.
You're not going to get a crick in your neck looking for the star of Barthlehem or anything.
All you have to do is have your subgenius membership card in your pocket come next day.
So write for your ticket off-planet and avoid the rush.
Write to Bob at P.O. Box 140-306-Dallas, Texas 75214.
And be sure to hail Bob, hail Bob, hail Bob.
We'll see you next time.
I'm sorry, babe, but that's not on our playlist.
And by the way, you sound great over the phone.
Anyway, if you give us your request, we'll be glad to play it for you, babe.
So let's hear it.
We are observing your earth.
Oh, listen, Mike, I'm sorry, babe, but we can't.
And we'd like to make.
I'm sorry, Mike, we.
A contact with you.
Baby.
Baby.
In your mind, you have capacity.
You know.
To tell a path messages through the vast unknown.
Please close your eyes and concentrate with every thought you think.
Upon the recitation, we're about to say.
Calling occupants of interplanetary.
Planetary crowd.
Calling occupants of interplanetary, most extraordinary craft.
Calling occupants of.
All.
I.

The.
Concentration.
Effective.

It's a gentle meditation
It's a totally different energy
Such a pain in the ear
I was just standing there
You as bones upon the other way
And you are not alone
And you are not alone
Remember it's true
I was just standing there
I was just standing there

tall, I was just standing, and really
tall, I was standing there
old and old, and when you got there
I was sitting there
I was sitting there
I was sitting there
I sat there
laughing over it

commerem
all that
thing
enga
because they cannot tell a lie.
Hey, hey.
Hey, oh, bop. Hey, oh, bop. Hey, oh, bop.
I wonder when we will be in the year 2000.
I think I'll be on the moon.
No!
We'll title this tape...
Uh, Planet Earth...
About to be recycled.
Your only chance to evacuate is to leave with us.
Write me here in my award-winning communication trailer.
Space Nyan, Blue Mouse Trailer Resort, Hellmouth, California.
Nyan 0666.
Dogs flew spaceships.
The Aztecs invented the vacations.
Men and women are the same sex.
Our forefathers took drugs.
Your brain is not the bomb.
Yes, that's right.
Everything you know is wrong.
Sounds fair.
Toodle-oo, everybody.
I'll scream when the comet gets here.
Oh, I'm coming with you, Nettie.
No, sweetheart.
You stay here because...
Okay.
Terrific news.
Yeah?
They told me it's all right to talk about them.
They did?
Now listen, they want contact with you.
With me?
Yeah, something's gonna happen.
Have you received any messages lately?
Oh, messages? No, not out here.
Oh, hey, on my message.
That's it.
On my phone.
My answer phone.
Yeah, okay.
You're well here.
I am so happy to see you this day.
At this time when you have such a vital and important decision to make.
So I have come to try to help you.
But that sounds intriguing, you know.
Sure.
Here I get the...
He couldn't be.
What a strange game.
Can he hear it?
This is it.
This is it, you know.
Hey, what's that?
This is it.
This is real gas music.
No, that's my...
That's my voice, though.
This is the seeker.
The truth speaker.
You know.
Okay, if this is them, I'll accept it.
You were right all along, but you know that, you know.
Oh, no, it's just...
We proved it.
Look, there's 13 of us.
Oh, Nino, I'm sorry.
It's this kid.
That's pretty strange, you know.
No, no, it's just a kid.
This kid is crazy.
He calls me all the time.
There's 13 seekers of us now, and we're all coming out on the heavenly bus.
Oh, yeah.
You want to go to the bus listing?
I gotta go.
He just really admires me and...
Seek out.
Seek out.
Yeah, yeah, okay.
Okay, that's not it.
Okay, now here it comes.
Are you a friend of Jimmy Carter?
Am I what?
Are you a friend?
Well, ladies, stop over here.
I've, you know, been to his house a few times.
Well, you know, Jimmy Carter says he's elected president by the international so-and-so,
which means they are taking over a one-world government.
Yeah.
They blew one planet up.
Yeah.
The planet Maldek.
They blew up Maldek?
Well, all I have to say, you're full of .
If I see you again, you won't be in the body.
Really?
Yeah.
I've got friends, and I'm an American.
She's waving her cane at me.
Okay, take it easy there.
They'll spoil it like they spoiled everything.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is an official release of the White House.
I quote, suddenly there was a threat to this world from some other species, from another
planet outside in the universe.
We would forget all the little local differences that we have in the world.
We would leave our countries, and we would find out once and for all that we really are
human beings.
We're human beings!
At this time, the Earthman has practically forgotten all about we brothers, for he has
indeed succumbed to the dark forces of ego, lust, and materialism.
For if you are not progressing upwards with we brothers of the light, you will never be
able to see the light of the dark.
Then you are regressing downwards with those of the dark.
But we lighted once more, that within all man there exists a spark that truly wishes
to grow and expand out from these dark old ways of the past.
Sounds fair.
I feel this good feeling within me, but I do not know why.
Yes, dear brother.
This good feeling is our love and understanding, which we bring from our world to you.
What do you hear from the Red Planet Mars?
What do you hear from space?
I know that you're from the Red Planet Mars.
Gee, it's great to meet you face to face to face to face to face.
Report, Kirtley.
The minerals you seek are at the bottom of Lake Timberlake.
Good.
We will need human slaves to begin mining immediately.
All right, Kirtley.


Slaves?
With this planet as a mineral supply, we can easily dominate the entire galaxy.
We've got to stop them.
Daloco, Tambo.
Good idea. You hide and I'll get them to come out.
Dad, there you are. Here I come.
Hi there.
Susie.
Dad!
Susie!
Zorad points his hand at him and suddenly,
Wild Boy is engulfed by a yellow cloud and is frozen in place.
Susie screams and backs away, but they see him.
You heard me. They're alien replicants from beyond the moon.
Yeah, right, pal.
There comes a time in each man's life when he can't even believe his own eyes.
Flying saucers seen over Hollywood.
Flying saucers seen over Washington, D.C.
Flying saucers, Captain, are still a rumor. Officially.
Looks like we beat them off again, sir.
What do they want? Where are they from? Where are they going?
They, sir? Who?
Now this is a training maneuver, sir.
We only did a little practice firing at the clouds.
Well, I don't want to sanction stupidity, as our national sport still I have to admire.
This little man's dogged nerve and rubber determination.
Yes, it's a small step for this square little fellow, but he's taking a big fall for all mankind.
This is Pat Hatt here by the big hole at Pocked as Well outside Curio, Arizona.
It's bound to bring out the curious and the kooky, don't you think, Ray?
Well, it's brought a lot of experts to the area and increased activity in the Air Force from nearby.
Ghost heart.
And that's very good for the economy, as we all know.
Good training for the boys.
Mr. Suggins, did you see a flying saucer? Could you describe it to us, sir?
Yes, I can.
I was standing there, I was just putting them cement bags up there, and I seen this huge thing.
It's all orange and red and green, a cigar-shaped oblong.
And there's a face of some, my God, it's the most frightening thing I've ever seen in my life.
Massive eyes and hair and tail.
And I don't drink. I don't drink, really.
Don't smoke. So I know that. I had my back on it. I seen that thing.
I said, by God, you better not come near here.
It's how cold-cocked you can do.
Who could blame it for not wanting to stay?
It wasn't made to feel very welcome.
We laughed at its flying saucers.
Who needed them?
But it and all of us.
All the other its tried so hard to get with us.
To be liked for itself alone.
It came from outer space with love in its heart.
So sad.
In this spiritual well of light and love, all the flowers and trees and brooks,
they extend its love to you as you pass them by.
It is a beautiful and happy and joyous way to live, Zan.
And you would never want to return to your earth world of warring and hatred and resentment
after you once had a peek into these beautiful worlds of ours, of the inner.
And so we are offering you our hand of acceptance and of love.
That you will come with us now.
Make the decision that you are through with these fickle ways of reaction,
resentment and all the undesirable traits of man.
On these inner worlds of light and love, we do all things with our mind.
We do not need to use our hands to earn our way and livelihood.
And this is all part of a progressive evolution, which is now your opportunity.
And that you must make the decision.
And make the choice.
For you can move forward on this ever-progressive evolutionary pathway
with three brothers at your side, helping you in all your ways.
Zan, you may feel as though you have many, many enemies.
But you know there is only one true enemy.
And that is...
We're doomed!
Boom!
Will you all stop worrying about that stupid comet?
It's going to be destroyed.
Didn't you hear what that guy in the building said?
But Dad, don't you think...
Ah, Lisa.
The whole reason we have elected officials is so we don't have to think all the time.
Just like that rainforest scare a few years back.
Our officials saw there was a problem and they fixed it, didn't they?
No, Dad, I don't think...
There's that word again.
What do you think will be the next obstacle the Earth people will put in our way?
Well, as long as they can think, we'll have our problems.
But those whom we're using cannot think.
They are the dead, brought to assimilated life by our electrodes guns.
You know, it's an interesting thing when you consider
the Earth people who can think are so frightened by those who cannot.
The dead.
They look to the water and see a diver in a wetsuit.
He hands a burlap sack of ore to a man and a woman, who pass it stiffly to each other.
They are both wearing pulsating green discs on the back of their necks.
Finally, they pass the bag to Lucas, then to Susie, who drags it over to a pile of sacks where Thorpe and Zoran stand.
This is the way they are going to get the minerals.
Chrom-tach-mante, Susie.
You're right. That's how they control them all.
Get more containers.
Do you have your report?
We had to pull in here to Space Station 7 for a rejection.
We're returning to the planet Earth immediately thereafter.
What progress has been made?
We contacted government officials.
They refuse our existence.
What plan will you follow now?
Plan 9.
It's been absolutely impossible to work through these Earth creatures.
Their soul is to control.
Plan 9.
Ah, yes. Plan 9 deals with the resurrection of the dead.
Long distance electrodes for them.
The
Uh...
Let me say that...
I spent a very brief time inside the residence.
When I walked through there, I did not see the aliens.
Uh...
And that type of thing.
And I say aliens.
More than two, possibly three or four in various locations in the house.
Minutes later, the police, led by Inspector Daniel Clay, arrived at the scene.
Who found them?
Man and girl.
Medical examiner been around yet?
Just left.
The Morgwagon ought to be along most any time.
Engine. Seekers everywhere.
I was right.
Everything I knew was wrong.
Turn over this record right now and get ready for a real shocker.
The most important revelation in my life.
All you of Earth are idiots.
You're stupid minds.
Stupid. Stupid.
What? We're idiots? Who are you calling?
Get back!
Alien bug.
Yeah, friends. Uh...
The editing in this, all of this was by Sister Susie the floozy.
An incredible, incredible job.
I never even got through all of it.
It's going on and on in the background here.
They're fighting and killing.
But I can't stand that Star Trek music any longer.
It's just insane.
You've been listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Praise Bob. Hail Bob. Hail Bob. Hail Bob.
And that's post office box 1403-06, Dallas, Texas 75214.
And that's the way almost everybody leaves their phone numbers on my message machine.
And that's why I don't call anybody back.
Thank y'all.
...eater hell mouth and the low desert area.
But thank you.
