From PR News in Washington, I'm without the biggest butt in five months when it fell 4%.
President Obama continues to live in Ecuador where he's wanted for questioning about alleged sex crimes on Monday.
Indonesian police say they found the dehydrated PR News.
What is it? What's the matter?
I just had a terrible dream.
What?
It was blood and fire and thunder and something awful was moving in the middle of it.
I could hear it roar and bellow.
The Self-Genius.
Power of the Self.
What?
If I were to allow that to continue, he would blow every circuit in his body.
That is?
That is correct, sir.
Dry ass in your ass.
I'm not even staying. I always have batteries.
And I got spare discs and I do backup and I got a little thing I stick.
Well, I hope this isn't going to be one of these symposia where all we do is complain about our elderly complaints.
Or is this going to be the complaining show?
Well, that's just what I was hoping it wouldn't be.
We've already done that one.
Everybody does.
Yeah, we did the complaining show first time.
Last night were all other manner of various complaining.
Complaining, complaining, complaining.
Maybe in honor of the weather, this should be the hot show.
We're wine connoisseurs.
Wine connoisseurs.
Whining.
But we never get any cheese.
Wine and cheese party.
We don't get cheese.
All we get is wine.
Wine, wine.
Whining.
Are you whining about whining?
Wine, wine.
So I almost got up this morning to come get you, Dr. Howe, so we could call our show partner, Puzzling Evidence, at the appropriate hour.
It would have been 6.30 here, I believe.
But he wouldn't even have picked up.
No.
He would have seen it was us and just gone.
Puzzling Evidence did not answer the phone?
Well, we didn't actually call him.
Oh.
But you thought about it, right?
We did think about it.
Well, he should have read your.
Why didn't he pick up on my secret mental signals?
By stench of the spirit is like bone to a million slaughtered swine.
And in these times thy planet is wreathed in foul vapors of fire.
Hold on a minute.
The conspiracy has put a slight detour in front of us here.
I must change lanes.
But there are other things, other evil, dark, shadowy forces at work in this solar system of ours,
in this galaxy, in this corner of our universe.
I have a feeling that Negi, by imposing his twisted will upon the trajectories of Jehovah's neutrinos,
is able to deflect those trajectories.
Feasibility study ended.
Abduction of human race?
Infeasible.
Warning, warning.
Psychics applying the Puppers Slack have discovered secret Nazi UFO bases in the Antarctic.

The truth that President Truman never told us.
Dobbs plus his boring soul.
The hideous Uberbrow.
They called him Wellman when he was a human.
Before the Brow took over.
Before the Brow took over.
This is what I do to the lighter deities.
Give them seconds until they slow way down.
Therefore,

he is a god.
End of quote.
I said, you're gonna have to get yourself in discernment here,
and be able to discern the spirit of God from the spirit of Hinduism.
I said, people in Haiti, I said, when the Holy Ghost hits them, they think it's Buddha.
Because Buddha hits them like the Holy Ghost hits them.
People in America think that when the Holy Ghost hits somebody, it's witchcraft.
Yes, witchcraft.
But when it hits those people down, they see demonic visions.
And the devil uses them.
Buddhism.
And witchcraft.
And the powers of the pagan gods.
The powers of the pagan gods produce its lines, signs, and wonders.
But I want you to know that the pagan gods and their false religions can do what they're doing in the war.
Bless God, what can we do with a true God?
With a true Christ?
With a true Holy Ghost?
We ought to be able to do more than what they're doing.
Hallelujah.
How would God take the scales off your eyes?
And open your eyes to behold that the Lord's coming is at the door.
And that all that's happening in the world is getting us ready for Jesus Christ to dwell in the fullness of God in the saints.
That we will come forth with revelation and manifestation of the Holy Ghost.
Revealing Christ to the world.
That we will possess in our temples the very fullness of the Spirit.
That we'll be filled with the Spirit.
We'll be filled with it.
We'll have oil in our lamps burning.
That we will not stop until our lives have been complete.
I don't care.
They can talk about me all over Brownwood and Baines and around here.
Call me anything.
But I'm preaching the truth.
They can talk about me and turn on this minister and say this ain't real.
But you let one of them hypocrites come and show where I'm wrong.
And take the Bible.
And prove that this ain't God.
And this ain't the Word of God to the people.
And I'll leave tomorrow.
Hallelujah.
But I'm not leaving tomorrow.
You say why?
Because there ain't nobody in the state of Texas and the state of Alabama, Florida or anywhere else can take the Word of God and prove this is wrong.
They may lie.
They may accuse.
They may tell all manner of evil.
But they cannot touch this Spirit.
They cannot touch this Word.
This is the Word of the Holy Ghost.
This is God's promise.
This is God's Word.
God's truth to you.
So when does this show start?
We're just warming up, right?
Stang's changing his batteries.
When the chaotic gestalt of mumbling and muttering resolves into something resembling preaching and sermonizing.
What is this?
Oh my gosh.
That's my tick jar, Dr.
Papa Joe's still out there?
Papa Joe is a gentleman and he realized there were too many docs up here.
He ran away in a huff.
Who did?
There he is.
There he is.
I see him down there.
Who are we talking about, Doctor?
I can't remember from one minute to the next.
Papa Joe.
Papa Joe Mama.
I've told him since Gordon is leaving today.
Father Joe.
And he's not.
Father Joseph's mother.
Yes, this will be my farewell show for this year, folks.
I can't tell you how damn glad I am.
Tomorrow at this game.
Yes, this is the day.









He was talking about just wanting to be in the car with the air conditioner on.
That's all.
Well, what I really want is a remote mic so I could be broadcasting from that air conditioned car right now.
A man with a heart condition really cannot tolerate these stalag-like conditions for very long, Dr. Howell.
The old ticker is full of slinkies.
It just doesn't work like it used to.
And the metal gets hot.
You can chew on any of the ticks you want from that jar there.
Ah, Reverend Stang Tickfar.
No, no, it's not rever- it's Father Joseph Mother's authentic tick farm.
Don't open that.
That's that bottle of ticks that he collected.
Here they are.
He's got a bottle of ticks up here.

Can't you see them?
Oh, I thought he said he was not a beverage.
This valuable science experiment will be offered at the auction.
There aren't even any holes in the lid.
How come those little buggers don't-
They don't need air.
He told me they can live without air for up to 60 days.
Microscopic presentation in real time.
Of the grappling apparatus of the tick that is used to scurf its way up your skin before it drills into your sucker butt.
Tomorrow at this time there will not be a performance of any kind in the cafe.
Instead, that is the time that has been selected for the Bobtism in the pond.
If you wish to participate in this time-honored holy ritual, the time given for it is 2 p.m.
Instead of sitting decorously in here and listening to us expound,
you have to go out into the squashy mud and contend with invertebrates of all kinds.
And receive your Bobtism from Reverend Ivan Stang himself.
And I will assist him as I always do.
Reverend Stang has actually identified a lot of the invertebrates in that pond.
In fact, he's about to eat a tin full of invertebrates.
By name, personally, I don't mean genus and species either.
He's already got them on YouTube videos.
They're bigger stars than he is.
He's eating a can of invertebrates right now.
We are doing a show tomorrow after the Bobtism.
Oh, after the Bobtism.
Oh, after the Bobtism.
Very well.
We'll do the soggy, mud-spattered leech prying off the show.
I will tell you people, in all honesty, I was prepared to be on my way today.
I was going to leave about 3 o'clock.
Air-dried leech.
And then Stang pulls out the contract, right, or his coals.
You've got two more shows to do.
Get your butt up on the stage, you old fart.
And here I am.
Well, Dr. Drummond, how did you pass the night?
In fitful slumber or in the sleep of a man?
In the sleep of the just.
He passed the night in two sittings in the sleep of the dead.
How did you pass that kidney stone?
At the fifth hour, you rose again.
It passed on its own.
I didn't even actually feel it.
I heard something get out of the bed late at night and open the door and run away.
It finally left the kidney stone?
Finally left.
The kidney stone of an overman is more intelligent than many mediocritons and pink bulls.
Although it's no braver than they are.
Notice that Reverend Stang is still at his unhallowed octopus feast down there, eating chunks of preserved tentacle out of a tiny can.
Could I see the box, the octopus box?
Well, they make it look rather tasty, all those little tentacles serving suggestions.
You don't get this.
You just get these little tentacles.
A sample on a cracker here?
Dr. Howe.
And it comes in garlic sauce.
That'll keep those skeeters from biting.
There's method in his madness.
There's method and madness mixed together.
Really?
Sometimes we... never mind.
Going through these kegs anyway.

Ouch.
You're loving my wave in my mouth.
bolt
Any envy.
Amom.
He.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
We had a special guest at 15X Day, Sam Singleton, the atheist evangelist from Georgia, a friend of Reverend Susie Dufluzzi.
He delivered a pretty intense rant of which we played part one two weeks ago.
Here then is part two of Sam Singleton live at 15X Day.
Here I'm going to talk to the godly.
Godly.
Absent any evidence that your imaginary friend, this god that Abraham invented, exists,
you'll have to excuse our skepticism.
But it's okay.
Nobody's telling you you can't have imaginary friends.
Hell, there are times I wish some of my friends were imaginary.
But the thing with imaginary...
imaginary friends is they are not real.
You see, that's the imaginary part.
So you might not want to let on when you're out in public.
Kind of keep God to yourself so folks don't think you're a nut.
By all means, believe whatever you like.
Just don't expect real adults to trust you to look after anything important.
And forget about running for office.
Believe in imagination.
And leave.
Live a better career.

як is that right when you like somebody who will tell you his story.
I mean you should go into oneと思u to tell you who you think of him as an older man.
But if you think you're the other.
To your score, which you have no clue that your friend doesn't love,
you take what you just learnt from your friends

Imagine that.
Imagine you've ever been that guy.
credentialed to say this.
Imagine no consistent scale.
God and genocide, a match made in heaven
so now you got these 3.4 billion believers in the God of Abraham
all the Muslims and Christians and Jews
and instead of seeing how that gives them all something in common
they just fuss with one another
over who gets to decide for everybody else what their imaginary friend
Abraham's God is like
and what his rules are
and that's a whole other deal we'll get to here in a little bit
they may hate each other's guts
but they all seem to agree
that you can just ratify God into existence
that if you can get enough people to say it's so
it will actually become
something that you can just ratify God into existence

and so
and I say horseshit
what I am invoking here
is the time honored right of the minority
to ridicule the majority
the sacred standing of the tormented
to mock their tormentors
so if you can't abide me speaking
I'm spanking holes in God's underpants
I got six words
brother Sam don't give no refunds
the godly been pushing me around my entire life
excuse the hell out of me if
while they take my lunch money I crack wise about their superstitions
you played a hand that's dealt you
you have to godly say to me they say
they say
well brother Sam
who the fuck do you think you are to be sacrilegious
sizing other people's traditions and beliefs
you see that's one of those offensive questions
the only way to answer it is defensively
so I generally start by explaining my qualifications
how my entire heritage amounts to nothing but
a great dismal swamp of godly traditions and beliefs
how I just come of one getting sucked under the scum like the rest of my people
how I just come of one getting sucked under the scum like the rest of my people
I went to a deal of trouble to extricate myself
anybody thinks I don't get to talk about it
anybody wants to shut me up
should go to hell
if they can find one
and I don't mean Michigan
now you see that sounds harsh
and I promised my darling wife, Sister Singleton,
that I would ease off the mean-mouthing.
But God damn it, this God deal just gets up under my hide
and goes to poking at me until I go to getting cranky.
From when I was a baby in swaddling clothes,
I was groomed for the ministry.
Fortunately, I came to my senses before anybody got hurt.
Long about time, certain parts of me got buzzing up.
I set out to find a way of getting God to reimburse me
for some of the shit I've had to put up with,
preferably one that didn't involve
rookin' the gullible out of their wages.
So here we are.
The gospel according to Bertrand Russell
says religion is based mainly on
fear.
And it sure was for me.
My folks, Brother John Calvin Singleton,
Sister Maureen Sedgwick Singleton,
were not assholes by nature.
I'd hate to think they set out to turn childhood
into some kind of freak show hell ride for my sisters and me.
But try her not, they did a bang-up job.
God!
That passage from Bertrand,
Russell, here's the rest of it.
Fear is the parent of cruelty.
It is therefore no wonder that cruelty and religion
have gone hand in hand.
Well, John Calvin and Maureen
sure didn't have any monopoly on using God
to terrorize their children.
Parents and teachers and preachers
have been hard at that particular aspect
of the Lord's work
ever since the Bible first came out
as a full-length work of fiction.
After being serialized in Playboy.
Deuteronomy 31.
And that their children,
which have not known anything,
may hear and learn to fear the Lord your God
as long as they live.
Right through to Hebrews 10
where the Apostle Paul writes,
It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God.
He ain't shitting neither.
It was pretty goddamn fearful
just falling into the hands of his kin.
When I was a child,
I preferred to think that somebody
was putting my folks up to the religious terrorizing
they laid on my parents or my sisters and me.
The gut-wrenching part
was accepting that there was no God
pulling their strings.
Everything they did,
they did it.
Out of their own free will.
Out of their own self-interest.
They loved God more than they loved us.
That was obvious from all the horrifying,
dangerous stuff
they were willing to expose us to
in order to reap the personal rewards
of God's favor.
Even a child could see
that like anybody who practices any religion,
they were ultimately,
in it for themselves.
The final benefit,
personal salvation,
all that goes with it,
couldn't help but go to them alone.
They could be lost.
You could backslide and fall from grace
and wind up burning in hell.
But salvation
couldn't be transferred to somebody else.
Couldn't even be shared.
And I was pretty sure
that if it came down to a choice
between God and me,
I was screwed.
I sure as hell knew better
than to put it to the test.
So on one level,
I was jealous of God.
And that's ironic.
Because God's pretty fucking neurotic himself.
Totally fatal attraction,
psycho stalker jealous,
and twisted enough to brag about it.
All the time.
He never shuts up
about how jealous he is.
I, the Lord your God,
am a jealous God.
That's from Exodus 20.
Crazy God's
crazy crash course
in craziness.
It's so bad
that even when his toadies describe him,
it's the first word that comes to mind.
It's who he is.
What did the Apostle Paul write
to his pals in Corinth?
Do we provoke the Lord to jealousy?
You better goddamn not.
God refers to himself
like it's his given name.
Here's the direct quote.
And I shit you not.
Exodus 34, 14.
My name is jealous.
Jealous.
Now who's going to argue with that?
Tomorrow it might be
my name is spiteful
or avaricious
or puddentame.
You don't have to be any TV psychologist
to see that jealousy comes from
feelings of inadequacy
and insecurity.
Everybody experiences some jealousy.
But most grossly,
grownups don't,
like kindergarten teachers say,
act out.
Even little children know better than to act out.
God acts out like a motherfucker.
When he's displeased with one of his creations,
he just has him big old shit bit,
kills every damn body.
As if they mean no more,
less to him
than an ant farm does to a little Jeffrey Dahmer.
That's what the Bible adds up to.
Earth is a murderous God's ant farm.
He's already filled the ant farm with water.
Burned and tortured the ants.
Introduced deadly contagions and toxins
and ant bullies that prey on other ants.
So you never know what nasty shit
he's gonna spring next.
But there I was,
what you might call,
jealous of God.
And mad at him.
So in the back of my mind,
I'm thinking,
boy, if I ever run across this asshole,
I just don't know what.
And it turns out he doesn't even exist.
Can you believe that shit?
Now who's ass do I kick?
Some atheists say they can't be angry at God
because God is not real.
But I'm not.



















I say the fact that God is fictitious
doesn't stop more than half the people on Earth
from believing in him.
So why should it stop me from being mad at him?
We ought to be able to discuss him
like any literary character.
Astro Boy.
Or Hannibal Lecter.
Or J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Or Reverend Ivan Stagg.
I moved to Cleveland and
and this white stuff fell out of the sky,
covered the ground.
It's called cocaine, Reverend Stagg.
And not in this part of Cleveland.
And the sad thing is,
at one point, Princess Wee said,
hey, did you hear that?
And I listened, I said,
oh, I just hear the cicadas and crickets
like I always do.
And I realized, wait, it's winter.
The ground is covered with snow.
There are no snow.

There are cicadas and crickets.
I have an ear disease.
And I went to the ear doctor
and he gave me a test and I flunked.
That's why I'm wearing headphones
and they're not.
Did he tell you to take the cicadas
and crickets out of your ears?
Damn! Why didn't that, you know...
Why didn't you think of that, Stagg?
That's so easy, you know.
Go for the cheap solution first.
He was going to sell me a hearing aid
and then he explained...
Oh, they're always going to sell you
some contraption or make you take
some expensive drug.
Actually, in this case...
There's a battery-powered bug
in those hearing aids.
Yeah.
The sad thing is the guy said,
I could sell you a hearing aid,
but they don't really work that well.
No.
No, they don't.
This one I've had in this ear for years
hasn't worked yet.
Well, they just amplify all the other sounds.
Oh, no, not the new technology.
The car...
The new technology.
Are we talking about being old again?
Remember that one?
I'm not.
Let's talk about being young.
I can't remember.
I'm trying to think.
We members of the subgenius youth cadre
have important messages
for the rest of the subgenius youth division.
Faith in Bob.
Pride in one's work.
And even more pride in one's shirking and slack.
Golly, that's right.
Praise Bob.
Circle jerk by the pond in ten minutes.
See, I never was in the Boy Scouts,
so I missed out on all those circle jerks.
We're already behind the curve on that one.
That's the old Boy Scout stuff.
Oh, see, I was a Cub Scout.
Me too.
Of course, you have to go through Cub Scouts
before you get into Boy Scouts.
The den mother took care of all the circle jerks.
Did you ever get kicked out of Cub Scouts, Dr. Howe?
That horrible ceremony where you have to stand in the field
and they rip the insignia off
while the drum plays and so forth?
Yeah, and they break your sword in half.
Yeah, I know.
And paint a big yellow stripe up your back.
It's hard for a child's self-esteem to go through all that.
But worth it for the other things.
For all the fun we had.
It's too bad all that great fireworks thing
used to happen.
Too bad that bus full of children
had to go over the cliff like that.
They had it coming.
This is the most boring show I have ever seen.
I was just thinking, that moment,
that just happened,
where no one was talking for a second.
You were thinking it was unbelievable.
That was like a shot of heroin.
The silence sank like music to my heart.
The show's on heroin.
It needs some speed.
We need a speedball here.
Some genius speedball.
I didn't take mine.
I wonder what was going on.
That's the problem.
You just don't...
See, there's another problem.
You gotta take all these pills.
That's because Papa Joe Mama got all the good drugs
and won't share them with us.
That's what the problem is.
You have to feel normal.
Well, you know how they told you, Philo,
when you started smoking that frop
the first time you smoke it,
it's cloud nine.
Oh, it's so nice up there.
And then the next time you smoke it,
you get to cloud eight.
But you have another one
and that gets you to cloud nine.
And this continues in a vicious cycle
till you're smoking 15 joints a day
just to stay normal.
On cloud one.
Yeah, but that's street marijuana.
Just to get to cloud one.
That's not frop.
I mean, a lot of people,
just to clarify,
you'll see people stand around
smoking this dirt weed and going,
we're froping, man.
No, you're not froping.
If you were froping,
you wouldn't be able to say those words.
What a liar you are, Reverend Stang.
Oh, I guess you haven't had your hit yet.
Huh?
See, he doesn't even know.
He's never even had real frop.
Never had real frop.
Habba frop zipulops.
That was the Buck Naked's secret church name.
But then we decided he wasn't worthy.
Well, he was named after the herb.
Yeah.
But he was named after the herb.
Yeah, right.
We took that name away from him.
That's right.
That's right.
He did not live up to it.
He didn't even really live up to Buck Naked.
No, we took away all his other names too.
Plus, there were at least 20 other Reverend Buck Nakeds
in the world that weren't even part of churches.
There was even a rockabilly band.
An Austin called Buck Naked and the Jaybirds.
And he had that too, didn't he?
Yeah.
That's a different Buck Naked.
This always comes up.

I mean, it's such a common name, Buck Naked.
Hey, what's your last name?
Naked.
Oh, your first name must be Buck.
You smoke, maybe?
Yeah.
Anything.
Yeah.
Here.
You smoke this.
Take pipe.
Yeah, so you smoke.
I beg you, smoke that.
Do it, Alan.
Now, please, could you just move?
No, I take it alone.
It's now, Alan.
It's now.
Now, now I feel refreshed.
It's here now, but that's usa—
我不 Т pedestrian, я собой ofårной цפали.












News in Washington. I'm unchanged after the meeting. He was not hurt. State law permits
PR News. A U.S. team led by the FBI has now spread to Sydney, Australia. We were just
been sealed off by an American investigative team today. Also today in Chicago at this
hour of today, the new United Nations envoy, Laos al-Bahir al-Bahir, raged in several cities
around the country. Laos al-Bahir al-Bahir also killed two NATO troops. About 29,000
workers say this is PR News. It's just something that we're taking a very deliberate approach
on. A rally gets underway in Chicago at this hour for President Vladimir Putin. A demonstration
is underway in Moscow against PR News in Washington. Now, as you notice on the stage, we have the
slot rods.
So everybody give a hand and a crotch scratch to the slot rods.
Ah-oo-ga!
And it's great because one of us has not tuned yet.
Well, I was ready to go into a lecture about ah-oo-ga as being appropriate to the slot
rods.
Please do.
History. If you're at all familiar with monster hot rod.
Slot card.
Spot.
Scale auto.
Scale auto?
Wait a minute.
Scale auto.
This is even nerdier than I thought.
Oh, yeah.
Jesus. I thought it was real hot rods.
No, we are the only scale auto.
Oh, my God. These guys. Okay. Back when I was a kid, it was cool if you were into hot
rods and monsters.
It could be 124.
These guys are so nerdy, they're into miniature scale hot rods and monsters.
That is. I'm going to take this shirt off.
Immediately. I've had, I'm out of this cult.
It was a good cult for about five minutes.
So I thought it was real hot rods.
Now find out it's scale model hybrid.
You might as well be a bird watcher, Lionel train collector.
What's wrong with this world?
What's with you people?
Can't be model glue.
You can't be model glue, he said.
So I've heard.
Personally, for me, it was film cement.
I worked as a negative cutter for two years and it was just the same stuff.
Acetone.
Make you high as a kite and you'll never get those brain cells back.
No way. Just burns right through them.
What a way to go.
Glue, model cement.
Reverend Angry Larry, how many Aurora Frankenstein?
Models did you assemble?
Can you guess offhand?
I actually just finished one about two months ago.
So you did a new, a new one.
But when you were a kid.
Oh, when I was a kid, I used to do that and Godzilla.
Yeah. How many?
Oh, God. Can you count?
Oh, I can count.
I did four.
I did four each, at least of all of those model kits.
I remember. Yeah, I did.
I did about three or four.
And the forgotten prisoner was one of my favorites.
Yeah.
Here's a stick.
Here's a stick.
I could do the mummy.
I got my records.
This idea of mummy all the way through painting it in 20 minutes.
Oh, yeah.
We're professionals here.
What? Yes.
This is a professional rock.
So Reverend Angry Larry's played
five times, six, seven.
I've seen him many times.
Oh, and this is a beach blanket party.
So we want people up here.
We're dancing.
Oh, yeah.
This is the microphone I think they gave me.
I don't know.
I don't know if any.
I can't tell.
I don't hear.
I can't hear anything.
So it doesn't matter.
Hey, Elliot, are we going to have like monitors up here?
I mean, even just for like guitars and whatnot or.
I'm just asking.
I'm not one of those people that go, hey, you know what?
Can I get more in this side?
Because this here is like.
Touch it.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
Flippy, flabby, flup.
More monitor lizards.
That's what we say.
More monitor lizards.
Yes.
More monitor lizards.
No.
Like the thing said, we're just a straight up surf band.
So we want like as many female dancers up here.
Yeah, we need some bikini clad go-go dancers.
Right, right.
So Susie.
You don't have.
Don't worry.
You don't.
You don't have to be human looking.
No.
No.
Which means that.
Yeah.
Anything.
Anything can dance up here, even if you're male.
OK, more dancers or not.
What are the amino acids going to come on there?
They're a good band.
Yeah.
Whatever.
What happened to them?
They are still the only aliens that you can actually depend on showing up.
Even though they weren't here last year, they had to get real jobs.
But we were.
We understood that.
We were.
I was here playing drums.
All right.
It happens every day, including Christmas.
We were explaining to Susie how she would feel happy she didn't want to show up if God皆さん


This was the only at the ocean.
I couldn't eat something when I went to the facts place myself.
There were plenty of other experimentation.

But everything would get puzzle if printed.

It was nobody.
Nobody couldn't get this paper.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
How do you bring an erudition?
You pack it?
What is an erudition?
Erudition?
Yeah.
You said they bring their erudition.
Well, you can bring their erudition.
Well, that's the one they have, right?
Bring an erudition to the table.
An erudition implies a specialized...
I didn't say I brought it.
I didn't bring it.
No, but you said they brought their erudition,
and I wanted to know what one was.
Why did you bring it?
Well, you know.
If anyone here has any taste,
we could use...
Alone.
Alone?
There is no taste up here.
No one...
If anyone here happens to have good taste,
obviously we need it.
The church needs it.
We've never had good.
That's something we've never had.
So you're saying the taste is something
you just have a deficit of,
but not necessarily in degrees of...
And where is our taste?
...goodness or badness?
Where has it gone?
You left it in the car with the erudition,
and it spoiled.
It went bad.
I did not borrow files
that somebody else brought the erudition.
I had nothing to do with it or the taste.
I just had the air conditioning.
Now we're starting to fall apart
on the physical as well as the mental place.
Oh, the wind has gone away.
My legs are overheating.
Dr. Drummond will now fix things.
Yeah, they're on fire.
Help me somebody.
My legs.
The flaming legs of G. Gordon Gordon.
Friends, a few weeks ago,
a school bus full of nice young people,
many of them from Europe,
came through Cleveland on their way home.
They were shooting a documentary
or a lot of little documentaries
for their project called
New World Manifesto.
You can see their videos so far
if you Google New World Manifesto.
They interviewed me for about an hour
and skillfully carved it down to 10 minutes,
which I will share with you now
because it saves me that much editing time
and I'm already late with this show.
Be prepared because I step out of character
and talk shop somewhat,
which means lying about Bob and the church
in order to protect them from scumbags
and worse, imitators.
Everybody's resistance to new and different things,
that's the conspiracy.
It's inside us.
It's inside everyone except Bob
who has nothing inside of his head,
nothing at all.
He's not smart.
He's lucky.
Hence the term subgenius.
Almost anybody with 35 bucks can qualify.
What the hell are we doing here?
No, I was going to ask you that.
What the hell are you doing here?
Where are all these people in my house?
We're still trying to figure out
what the hell the church of the subgenius is.
Dr. Philodrumon and I found out the hard way
that you can't say anything about the church


and you can't say anything so ridiculous
that somebody won't believe it.
It's also a complete joke and rip on religion.
Let's make up a fake cult and tell people
exactly what they most want to hear
and see how they react, you know,
see who believes it.
A lot of us really, our background is in monsters,
comic books and science fiction.
And to us, religion is a kind of a lie.

It's like an even cooler form of science fiction
because people will kill each other over that.
It's not that we love Bob so much,
it's that we love the idea of everybody else going to hell.
That's what we have in common with all the other religions.
When you make a religion, you have to have three elements.
The master, who's in this case Bob.
A goal, which is slack.
And a goal, which is to have a good life.

Slack is like freedom or happiness.
It's different for everybody.
You can't put your finger on it.
So they can't sue us when they don't get it.
And you have to have an enemy.
And Philo named the enemy, the conspiracy.
We decided that the conspiracy was everybody.
If you think about it, the United States
was founded by people, by your religious nuts.
The European religious nuts,
who couldn't, nobody else could stand
Hence, we have this huge population of insane fundamentalists of every kind.
From the different Christian groups to fundamentalist Jewish people,
fundamentalist New Agers.
I mean, I know fundamentalist Druids and fundamentalist Wiccans.
They don't like the Church of the Subgenius.
However, the Druids and Wiccans who are more open-minded love it.
Because we piss off the fundamentalists.
Do people feel like it's a real thing?
Is it really a community? Do you get a sense?
Yeah, it is.
And by the same token, although it is a community,
it also has the problems that a community does.
I think it's human nature for people to want to simplify things.
Life is complicated.
And people are really complicated.
Society is insane.
So a simple explanation, it may not be true, but it feels good.
In fact, a lot of Bob's most popular slogans are things that sound good,
but if you take it apart, it's not words to live by.
Well, how does Rush Limbaugh describe what he does?
Making the complex simple.
Well, guess what, dude?
The complex isn't simple. It's complex.
The only real law that we go by is,
fuck them if they can't take a joke.
That is when you really can live by.
I used to be an angry young man,
and I knew exactly what was good for everybody else.
Republicans were evil and Democrats were good.
Well, I got a little older and found out,
well, actually everybody's kind of a bit evil and kind of a bit good.
And there's, you know, I'm not so sure.
The more I know, the more I know I don't know.
The less sure I become about things, the more I know.
Whereas the more ignorant somebody is,
the more sure they are.
The more sure they are about what little they do know.
You know, if you're different,
then you're probably better than most people.
Well, that's not true, necessarily.
It might be, but boy, a lot of people like to think that.
And as Bob said, you'll pay to know what you really think.
And enough people did that I've been able to make a living
off of telling people what they most want to hear.
But it's hard work, actually.
You know, I put in more hours per day
than people with real jobs do.
Because I have a slave driver for a boss, that's me,
and I have this shirker, slacker for an employee, that's me.
So there's sort of a constant tension there.
And he works weekends, too.
I mean, it's not like a night of fun.
I'm working now.
Yeah, that's right.
Sunday's a big one.
Yeah, Sunday's a busy day for preachers.
So you don't have a lot of slack in your own life at the moment?
Actually, I do now.
I've learned over the years how to manage my time a little bit better.
It was driving me nuts in the 90s.
It really was.
It was wrecking my health.
And I finally kind of let people know I was going nuts.
And suddenly I got more help.
To tell the truth, when we first started doing this,
I kind of took it a little too seriously myself.
You snap out of it, you know.
Number 23 is very popular.
Yes.
Yeah, there was, I mean, there's sections of Book of the Subgenius that I put together
when I was probably taking it a little bit too seriously myself.
And that's what attracts the real kooks.
Luckily, my friends helped me, you know, keep a perspective.
And now it's my job to help other people keep perspective on it.
And keep it fun, you know.
That's the main thing.
It's got a, number one is the laughs.
Wow, that's a lot of great information.
We did spend a lot of time trying to formulate one question that we're going to ask.
It's basically, if I can get this right, in this ever-changing world that we live,
what would you like to manifest?
And what are some steps we could take toward creating that vision?
What we don't want is for the Church of the Seventh to be a place where we can say,
well, we want the Subgenius to become a real cult.
We're basically doing showbiz.
I hate to say that, that's stepping out of character,
but honestly, you know, we don't want it to turn into another Scientology or Mormonism.
As ridiculous as that sounds, those things started out just as ridiculous.
Some great thinkers talk about the singularity,
when computers become so brilliant that they save our asses.
Well, I'm afraid that the singularity is running neck and neck in a race against the ideogularity.
Where, you know, will the idiots get there first?
You know, will, I mean, one minute Germany was the most civilized place in the world,
and suddenly, wham, this horrible, barbaric thing is going on.
I can see that happening in the United States the way the climate is right now.
I pray that the climate change deniers are right.
Every day, I pray that they are right,
that mankind isn't making things worse,
and if the weather does get worse, it's not our fault.
But I fear that that's not the case.
Bob will always have customers.
In that respect, in the long run, I'm very hopeful.
I have no doubt that eventually there will be a utopian world
where everybody gets along,
and within reason,
and life is easy,
and you get to die when you want to,
but I'm afraid that homo sapiens are not going to be involved in that world.
In the name of J.R. Bob Dobbs, Connie Dobbs,
and any other deities you care to throw into the mix,
I now pronounce you ordained subgenius ministers,
with all the rights and privileges granted to any holy person,
such as being crucified,
hung by lynch mobs,
pursued to your grave by insane fanatics,
and everything,
and plus you can perform marriages,
and I charge 200 bucks myself for that.
Yeah, die, let somebody turn it into a religion, screw it.
I really like this drop of hatred.
Huh?
The drop of hatred, and kill those normals.
Right, right.
Well, hate is a really important part of it.
But when your hate builds up enough
and becomes hate squared,
then it turns full circle and becomes pure love.
Yeah.
It's the hate of hate itself.
Yes, I love it.
Sort of.
I love this hatred.
Right, right.
Yes, we love to hate.
That was the New World Manifesto video,
which you can find by googling New World Manifesto.
This is our Slack number 1380.
And you can find links to our YouTube channel,
which is the Church of the Subgenius.
Links and information about everything
are at subgenius.com,
where you can also learn about the subgenius history
and cult management online class,
which starts October 1st and goes for six weeks.
It's a look behind the scenes.
And to close the show,
here is a look inside the scenes.
There are parasites that alter the behavior of the host.
Why are you telling me something I don't know?
In order to make the host do riskier things.
Sing along with Philo or something?
That same parasite actually affects humans.
The same parasite that affects the behavior of some birds
and makes them do risky things.
Because the next phase of the parasite's life
is in the creature that eats the bird.
Well, those parasites can affect humans
and they cause...
Women to indulge in risky sexual behavior
and it causes men to indulge in risky physical fighting type behavior.
Where do we get these birds?
Yeah, it's...
Well, isn't there some disease, a parasite that gets on an ant
and makes it sit on the top of a grass stalk so it's sheep can...
That's the most interesting parasite that you mentioned.
I was wondering when someone was going to...
Yeah, do you know more about that one, Dr. Howell?
That's the one I was...
The one that gets inside an ant's brain
and partially disables it and that ant climbs up onto a stalk
and the parasite continues to grow.
It's a fungus.
It splits open the ant's head
and it grows out from that place on the stalk
and then the spores rain down from that
and other ants take them up.
There's a parasite that affects snails
and causes their antennae
to become beautiful rainbow colored
and five times their normal size
and that attracts birds to eat that snail.
And that's...
And when the bird craps,
you're crapping little baby parasites everywhere.
And isn't nature wonderful?
Mother Nature.
And all those parasites are down at the pond.
Right. We'll meet them tomorrow.
You will be introduced to them personally by Reverend Stang.
They'll be introduced into you personally.
Well, that's what I meant.
I just didn't want to scare anybody.
Well, last year we dunked a whole bunch of people in there
and no one died that we know of.
Well, it's not the ones that make you die.
It's the ones that get in your brain
and make you climb to the top of a tree
so that the aliens can pick you up.
No, there's a parasite in the pond
that makes you come back to X Day every year.
They're not here.
I wonder why.
I think I got that one at Sherman.
And engage in risky behavior?
Yeah.
What happened to them?
Of course.
Remember Bunny Day and everybody that we baptized?
They didn't come back.
That's true. I thought Bunny was going to be here.
That's funny, isn't it?
Yeah.
That's very strange.
Yeah.
A curious coincidence.
Of course, when we speak of a coincidence,
it's all that two things are happening at the same time
as they're bound to do.
That's what it is.
Them big strong men that wave guns around.
Two things happen, it's a coincidence, right?
Three things happen.
It's a fact.
It's got to be a conspiracy.
Especially those ones with tattoos all over them.
Did you have a bunch of old blurry things
that were once tattoos?
One poison tattoo is not covered with Reverend Stang.
I don't know where you got your vocabulary from,
but that is not...
There's Mrs. Drummond and Lily.
Well, here's your better half, Philo.
Yeah.
Hello.
Yes, it's the little Drummondite coming aboard.
Okay, you can leave now, Gordon.
Lily's here.
Wait a minute, I was contracted for two shows.
Well, we were just waiting for somebody interesting to show up,
and she's here, so...
What do you have?
Oh, look, a bowl of ice cream.
Oh, little...
Folks, look at that.
That lovely lady brought her husband some ice cream.
There you go.
He's not going to share it with us.
It's parasite-flavored ice cream, to be fair.















Ooh, thank you.
Actually, it looks like he's eating a bowl of excrement.
Oh, if somebody would buy me an ice cream bar.
Somebody get Hal an ice cream.
I'm tired of listening to him whine.
Ice cream?
Uh, um...
Would you like a tick in your ice cream, Philo?
This is an important message from the U.S. Department of Unusual Noises.
Stay away from buildings and avoid protective clothing to reduce injuries.
When it is safe, call CDC info.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty, purgish, hark-a-back, flattened, wharton,
Philip Bunker Burton, Perkaluma Burton,
doesn't wash tonight at all.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show,
and we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough
to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
And not just this show, but subgenius.com,
and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob,
and want some of that slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com front page,
or especially the radio page,
or the catalog store pages,
and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty,
and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference,
even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that
blowjobs could go the way of Steve jobs
if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to
Subgenius Foundation.
P.O. Box.
181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
You're welcome.
That wasn't quick.
What are you doing?
DAVID exists.
Are you supposed to beooo succeed?,
why did you write this the first time I've seen you?
That's the more you like I wanna do,

I just wanna see when Ier wants to make goin be good.

I achieved good.
🎵
