E.T. Communications. Yeah, I know what they mean by that.
Sellouts to the aliens, most of them.
Aliens from outer space.
What?
Yeah.
Bring in the Hueys, boys.
Hey.
There's the Explorer.
This sucks.
What's the matter with me?
Nothing. We're just in the middle of some big-time international incident like the Cuban Missile Crisis or something.
Figured that out for yourself, did you, Hip?
You know, we got Russian subs creeping around.
Anything goes wrong down here, they can say whatever they want happening.
Give the folks medals.
Relax, will you? You're making the women nervous.
Cute, Virgil.
You know, you know, those seals ain't telling us deadly.
Something is going on.
Come on, come on.
Hippie, you think everything's a conspiracy.
Everything is.
Coming to you live and almost live from the studio of the gods,
Microsat Studio 2, production facilities of Baby Alpha Communications,
in conjunction with radio station KDHX, brings you
The Gateway Dioxinville Subliminal Radio Ministry Hour.
Oh, what?
Tonight's special guests.
North America's premier performance art party band.
It's the more we need.
The more we need.
The more we need.
The more we need.
The more we need.
The more we need.
The more we need.
The more we need.
The more we need.
The more we need.
The more we need.
The more we need.
The more we need.
Oh, well, we are here, dear friends, and so are you.
I'm sorry, but that's where you are.
You're welcome to actually call the station if you want to.
Yeah, you can if you want.
But on the other hand, perhaps you'd rather be listening to or watching TV.
You know, I hated to drag myself away from that network TV movie about Jim and Tammy Baker,
but my wife said it just is horrible.
She said it's really bad.
So if you're in the middle of it, just leave your recorder or your VHS recorder on like I did
and turn your cassette recorder on to record something else,
because we can't tell you to record this show.
And now.
We don't want you to.
Thank you.
It's the word of Bob coming to you live from the Doge of South St. Louis,
the Pope of U City, Pope Cecil X. Nixon and Dr. Philo Drummond.
It's a new scary show here in St. Louis.
Dr. Drummond, chill.
Somebody get Dr. Drummond some frock, please.
He's got the shape.
Thanks.
Now, I understand, Pope Cecil, that you have a few words here to start the show off
in an equal time vein from the opposition.
So could you let us know about that?
That's right.
That's right.
We have a public service message about the Church of the Subgenius from the Stamp Out Bob.
That's the SOB committee.
The Church of the Subgenius, a craved threat that faces America today,
a threat that most people have been manipulated into thinking is merely a sick joke.
By now, you've probably heard of the Church of the Subgenius.
They seem to have no trouble getting broad media coverage.
Like me, when you were first told of their bizarre practices and beliefs,
you laughed, thinking it was a parody of kook religions.
Hello, friends, and welcome.
You know, I had something funny happen to me the other day.
It was after the service, and this little boy about yay tall come up out of nowhere and asked,
Father Jomama, what is the truth?
Well, I couldn't tell him then.
I wasn't sure.
But I am sure now.
So sit down, make yourselves comfortable, open up your hearts, and open up your minds.
Because tonight, friends, I'm going to tell you the truth.
Not just a little bit of the truth, mind you, but the whole truth, the full truth, and nothing but the truth.
Are you ready?
Good.
Let us start with the small lies and work our way upward, shall we?
The Church of the Subgenius is...
A fraud!
A joke!
A scam developed to dupe you out of your hard-earned dollars!
Bob Dobbs doesn't exist.
He never did.
Far from inventing the Church, the Church invented him!
His so-called portrait is nothing more than a stupid little piece of clip art that was plagiarized and perverted for our own use.
The supposed disciples and holy men are just a bunch of imposters.
Jobless, would-be comedians that might have had a career in professional nightclub clowning, except for their problems with alcohol, drugs, chronic depression,
and, yes, sexual disorientation.
These so-called high priests wouldn't know what to do with a real job if it stared them in the face.
Most of them never even had a decent job.
The other half were quickly fired if ever they did.
The most money they ever earned came from an unemployment check, or food stamps, or illegal commerce and illegal substances.
You want to know why the Churches quit your job?
Because misery loves company!
You want to know why the Churches challenge authority?
Because the authors are all in trouble with the authorities!
But... but what about the book?
The book, dear friends, the holy book of the subgenius!
It's still in print, millions have read it, it must be legitimate!
Ha!
Have you ever tried to make sense out of that book when you weren't high?
Did you ever try to explain it to someone else who wasn't high?
Have you ever tried to define just what slack is?
If you had, you would never be listening to bullshit artists like me.
You would have turned out this immature radio ministry long ago.
You would have done something constructive with your life.
You would have met some people that don't have to wear sunglasses
at night time.
You'd be earning money instead of spending it on this cutesy little parody
that's ended up perrin' in itself.
Don't you see?
This is a knock-knock joke that's knocked itself out!
It's a runnin' gag that's gagged on its own vomit.
It's a one-trick pony that stayed alive only because the Dungeons and Dragon nerds
had nothing better to spend their parents' money on.
Ten years from now, it won't even register a blip on the pop culture meter.
Once compared to hula hoops, pet rocks, or clackers at any rate, you'll be too embarrassed to tell your
kids about it, and good thing, because they won't even know what the hell you're talking about.
All they'll know is that you wasted part of their inheritance on it, and it ain't that typical.
And what about Stang, and Jane or Hyperclete, and Dr.
Howell, and Puzzlin' Evidence, and all those big names?
Let me ask you a question.
Have you ever seen so much of one of those celebs on a celebrity show?
Has one of them even made a five-second cameo in an above-ground movie or TV show?
Oh, but Mark Mothersburg of Devo and Jelly Biafra of the Dead Kennedys,
they all sung songs about Bob.
There's even a cartoon on Zippy the Pinhead.
Folks, I hate to be the one to break the news to you, but Devo and the DKs are defunct.
The lead singers are dried-out drug addicts rebounding from rehab.
Of course they're going to sing about Bob,
because the Christians won't touch him even if they had claimed to be saved.
The establishment wouldn't even touch him if they made a comeback.
Hell, the Ad Council won't touch him.
They won't even run any of their retarded public service announcements.
Nobody but the underworld even remembers who those losers are.
And as far as Zippy the Pinhead is concerned, well, I think the name says it all.
I mean, I'm sorry to have to be the one
to shine the bright light of reality into your over-dilated eyes.
I know it hurts, but it's for your own good.
Get out there and get out of this stupid cult.
Get a job. Do something productive with your life.
It's time to grow up.
It's time to get real.
It's time to stop listening to goo goo gurus like me.
Here ended tonight's sermon.
Dear friends, there's I have to take issue with something he said.
Mark Mothersbaugh is not a drug addict in rehab.
Mark Mothersbaugh doesn't do.
Oh, and one little detail I almost forgot to mention.
How many religions freely admit that they're
fake and are only out to get your money?
How many church leaders have come forth and told you that they're sexual perverts?
That is, before they're caught and everybody knows anyway.
How many politicians have campaigned on a platform of honesty, telling all that the
real reason they're running is to satisfy their egos, promote the cells and gain power?
No salesman in the world would ever consider telling a potential buyer about
all the problems they're getting themselves into by buying that broken down, mileage
reverse, bent frame lemon mobile?
Only a salesman out of this world would do that and then expect to make the deal
and then expect to be thanked now and forevermore.
That sales God is honest.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, the only fraud never to commit fraud.
He's a fake, but you can shake on it.
He'll smile, look you square in the eye and say, I promise not to make any promises.
Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the
only true religion.
Of honest liars, honest cheats and honest thieves.
The Church of the Subgenius.
We hold these truths to be self-evident.
If you can't trust Bob, you can't trust anybody.
Herein is the word of Bob.
Praise Bob.
It's unbelievable.
OK, it's clear.
It's all yours, sir.
Yeah, I can see that.
Topside, topside.
Pay out some slack. We're getting dragged.
Down on number one, Rich.
We're getting dragged.
Down on one.
The Church of the Subgenius is a real cult that is out to turn you and your family
into wild eyed dogma spouting, panhandling zombies for the grinning guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Excuse me, getting carried away.
You let that guy in here.
Who is this guy?
I mean, this is supposed to be a pro Bob, isn't it?
He sounds like he's from Citizens for Normalcy or something worse.
He could be employed here.
Don't fall under their spell, Bob.
I know you've been associated with all of the media ranting and hypes and everything, but.
Eid-Frag.
Freedback.
Hold on to yourself, Bob.
Screed-Mac.
There's still a chance.
Before the sub-programming sets in.
Wow.
So who are you guys and why are you here?
Why are we here?
What is the purpose of this endeavor?
We're here to get free advertisement on public radio.
The world's best rock and roll band, The Swinging Love Corpses.
And talk a little bit about Bob and anti-Bob.
Oh, yeah.
Speaking of the swinging love corpses.


And speaking of commercial plugs, I do have to get a word in for one of our sponsors.
So if we can just throw this in, guys, we'll be right back to the important religious discussion here on the Dioxinville subgenius radio hour.
Located in the basement of the Donut King Drive-In is a new and unique dining experience freeway close, but far enough to work up one heck of an appetite.
It's Vincent Tomein's Leg of the Crow restaurant.
Yes, Leg of the Crow. Dining au naturel, nude and informal.
As it was in Rome before the tourists came.
Vincent Tomein's Leg of the Crow Restroom, where your host, Vincent, is ever ready to tickle your palate with a golden feather.
And the bathroom's just a quick drop down the hall.
Leg of the Crow, where the salad's tossed at you, not at your table.
And sharing dessert with a stranger is almost a way of life.
And if you want to drink your dinner and dunk your date, there's a wine list that make a Greek burp.
Ha!
And a glass of wine that's just right for you to drink at your table, and an aluminum thumb screw just like Daddy used to do.
Whet your whistle with these fine selections.
Chablis, Beau Cholet, Nippon Cadet, Cabernet, Sauvignon, and Pinot Noir.
Red, white, blue, any year.
You name it, we print it, you drink it at Vincent Tomein's Leg of the Crow restaurant.
Conveniently located near the medical center.
Color TV in every room.
Phonetically translated.
Real French menu.
Food to go and free doggy bags supplied with every order of Vietnamese food.
At Vincent Tomein's domain, the Crippled Crow.
And remember, you only live once, but you have to eat every day.
Come on, break down and become a member.
You're a member of the Crippled Crow family.
In the Bible, they talk about the end times of the tribulations.
Well, it really refers to the re-tribulations or the re-tribalization.
So the individualist heritage of the Western world is identifying with the tribal archetypes preserved through the centuries in the Third World.
Now, those cultures are under identity crisis too, but this is our hypocrisy in relation to them.
We wake up the values of their culture.
And as we consume them, they consume us.
And we become more Western as we try to consume what we feel is the whole idea of the noble savage and the tribal person, right?
Yeah, so we have this worldwide trade on software cultural images feeding off each other as an anti-environment to the pain and the incredible pleasure of the imploded, discarded effect.
So the...
This is the tribulation that's come back to the West.
It's the tribal...
It is a specter of our past that we destroyed with visual space, you know?
And we're trying to regain it and thereby destroying it even more.
Yeah, and our hypocrisy is that we don't tell the Third World that we appreciate their culture out of our own illness.
Right.
All we say is, you should appreciate ours and embrace ours.
And we don't even say that anymore.
We're giving them land.
We're decentralizing it.
But we won't tell them.
And there are people in the secret pink prison control factor who know the hypocrisy of what I'm talking about.
And they plan to keep that hidden.
That's why you're only going to hear it on my show.
The hidden knowledge that the oligarchs are using.
They celebrate the New Age, the various cultural things.
They celebrate this as a distraction.
That's what we got to...
We got to have the guts to, like that caller say, do nothing tomorrow when we get out.
Don't read.
Don't turn on the TV.
And then just see what happens to us.
We might get into trouble, but...
No time, no distance, no place to hide.
God will destroy Russia.
God will destroy Russia.
God, God, God will destroy Russia.
Oh, Lord, our God.
Help us to tear their soldiers to bloody shreds with our shells.
Help us to cover them with our blood.
Help us to cover their smiling fields with the pale forms of the dead.
Help us to drown the thunder of the guns with the shrieks of their wounded.
Riding in pain.
A prayer for war.
A prayer for war.
A prayer for war.
A prayer for war.
A prayer for war.
In the new period, World War III could begin anywhere at any moment.
Oh, Lord, our God.
Help us to waste our humble homes in a hurricane of fire.
Help us to wring the unabending hearts of their widows with grief.
Help us to turn them out with their children to wander the waste of their desolated land.
A prayer for war.
A prayer for war.
A prayer for war.
A prayer for war.
A prayer for war.
A prayer for war.
A prayer for war.
Integrity.
Black the hopes and black the lives of their bitter pilgrimage
Make heavy the steps and water the way with tears, my Lord
Stay the way slow with the blood of the wounded feet, my Lord
For we ask you to split the night
God, for this boy, my God
God, for this boy, my God
America
Bombs, air to surface missiles, think that's a whole car for this boy, Russia
In the nuclear war, war for a day could be done in a year's prayer
God himself will effect his passion to beat again the Soviet troops
And actually destroy five-sixths of the Soviet troops
Upon the mountain of Israel, not the U.S.
God will destroy Russia
America will destroy Russia
America will destroy Sweden
America will destroy Ukraine
America will destroy Sweden
America will destroy the Ukraine
America will destroy Russia
America will destroy Russia
America will destroy Russia
America will destroy Russia
America will destroy Russia

America will destroy Russia
America will destroy Russia
America will destroy Russia
So, yeah, I think the third world is not being told what...
I mean, we know the third world is a cliché,
but let's just use it for the course of this.
The third world is not being told the real truth of our culture,
and we're not being told the real truth of our culture.
So only I do that.
It drives us to consume other cultures.
Yeah, it's anesthetics.
It's called tri-anesthetic, and this is what's funny.
And it's censorship, too, in a way.
In what sense?
In the sense that there is no mass outlet
for what I could call alternative ideas,
what we might be talking about tonight,
because only those ideas which are accepted
are those which are in the hands of the status quo,
which reaches the wider audience,
which makes people brain-dead.
And you either have to submit,
or you have to join the spectacle, you know, the...
The invasion of bodies, yeah, the kind of thing.
The loudspeaker spoke up and said,
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.

Communism is good.
Communism is good.
Well, friends, actually, it was the loudspeaker that spoke up and said that,
not me, dear friends.
Not me.
Even though I get the credits on the liner notes, I think you'll...
Meanwhat?
But I didn't get the credits on these liner notes.
But I didn't get the credits on these liner notes.
But I didn't get the credits on these liner notes.
I didn't get the credits on these liner notes.
I didn't get the credits on these liner notes.
I didn't get the credits on these liner notes.
I didn't get the credits on these liner notes.
I didn't get the credits on these liner notes.
I didn't get the credits on these liner notes.
I didn't get the credits on these liner notes.
Well, there's one of Bob's favorite rock and roll bands,
the ex-presidents, coming to you here on the Subgenius Radio Hour on KDHX St. Louis.
No, no, it's KNON in Dallas, Texas.
Wouldn't want to mix you up or anything.
I'm not into business, actually.
Those are the guys that are into trombone-propelled...
Trombone-propelled...
Hamsters.
Hamsters.
That's right.
Ultrasonic transducers.
That's right.
I hear that the SPCA is really upset with them
because of the way they put those hamsters down
inside the trombone and they land on the wall.
It's the duct tape that really fries their bananas, though.
That's what's really bringing them down.
They play the trombones too hard and it hurts the hamsters' ears.
That's what they really are getting upset about.
Nose turns red.
You can tell when their blood pressure's too high.
Right.
And a lot of the hamsters are bored by the music, too.
And they're in tears.
They're really critical of the...
We are going to...
No, no, no.
We're out of tickets.
We're out of tickets.
Yeah, we won't be having any more tickets for the hamster review.
Neither Leon Rapone, Kaiser, or Discanso.
The trombone propelled the hamster, though.
Will boys and girls...
You know, Ken Nordean was around here a minute ago
and I can't find him now.
And that's really got me perplexed.
I can't think of anything else.
My mind is a total standstill.
Well, I hate to interrupt this...
A big block.
This gay repartee.
A door.
A metal door is slammed.
It's not gay repartee.
It's not.
Well, I hate to interrupt this straight repartee,
but could one of you tell us a little bit about
what the heck is this Church of the Subgenius, anyway?
I mean...
I mean, Pope or perhaps Doctor,
would you care to comment on that?
Well, the Church of the Subgenius is a pan-galactic religion
for all superior mutants and renegade weirdos.
It's actually a paradox in terms
because of the fact that the people that it caters to most
are those that would join the most unreadily.
As an undefinable market segment
subgeniuses are those that, for the most part,
won't join anything.
Right.
Right.
Right.
This is the society of non-joiners.
It's kind of hard to...
A society of non-joiners.
By very definition, the organization cannot exist.
That's right.
And so, therefore, one of the major tenets of the religion
is that as soon as you understand that,
that you start your own schism.
Exactly.
You gotta go for it.
So, therefore, it's a cult of leaders and nobles,
no followers.
Isn't that nice?
And, of course, all leaders in the cult will bow deference
to the guru, our high E-pop, Bob.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Right.
The saint of sales, the patron saint of sales,
worshipped by salesmen the world over.
He's possibly the salesman from legend
of all the traveling salesman jokes
that you've heard about over the years.
I knew it was something like that.
On your mail.
I knew it was something like that.
And you call up and say,
another truth, I didn't get my answer.
I didn't get my package.
But praises be unto an almighty God.
I do my best to rush you your answer right back.
For many of you forget to put your address
and to put your zip code.
So, have some do that you may be able to receive
your package back.
Take a little time.
Write your name and your address
and your zip code plainly.
So we can get you your packages back.
Because we want you to be helped,
blessed and receive your blessings from God.
Because this is a God sent plan for you.
And dear friends, Sister Truth is not kidding.
We want you to get those Bob blessed packages from us.
And it turns out that although we mailed the stark fist of removals to you,
the badness of your existence means that we continue to be
making correct progressions on your authority in the everyday longup.
We, who are called the STR faudent of faith,
may say this to you,
but I'm sure many of you don't know that








many, many of you have changed addresses
without letting us know.
I mean, remember to put your return address
on those love offerings.
But and.
You can correct this by just sending your new
address to the subgenius post office box,
A whole lot of you, like a couple of dozen at least, three, four dozen, 50, 60,000 people here in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex have been mailed their stark fists and never got them because you were too stupid to send your change address.
I know what you're doing out there.
I've seen you sitting there fooling around with your Playboy magazines, your MTV, and you forget.
I don't blame you.
I don't blame you.
You forget to send that change of address when you're evicted from one apartment or when you quit living with your parents or whatever,
or when you get fired from your job and go back to living with your parents.
I understand.
It's not a big deal.
We don't look down on you for living off of your parents or changing your addresses every three weeks,
but we want to know where you are if you sent your love offering.
And, of course, we'll probably get a flood.
We'll probably get a flood of people saying,
Yeah, I changed my address to this address, so please send me my free magazine.
Well, I'm sorry.
If you ever send us money, it's on the computer.
So you better, in case you do send your new address, please send your real name
or whatever fake name you used when you originally ordered Subgenius Materials for free
from Bob at Post Office Box 140.
306 in Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob at Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
And we'll give that number again at the end of the broadcast.
Praise Bob and thank you, dear friends.
Yes.
Thank you.
Well, I think it's time to say goodbye to you.
Yes, you were.
Look, son, you've got a golden opportunity here to talk to King Stang.
I don't know why you're going on like this.
You know he won't be here forever.
Yeah, those callers, I can't believe their behavior on the air.
Jeez, it's so embarrassing.
Well, you know, this is California, King Stang,
and it's not uncommon to have a total stranger walk up and throw up all their emotions right on your shoes.
Ew.
I trust that Bob will forgive me at least, Bob, if you're listening.
And I know that you do.
We get it from a hospital.
All the time.
I know, Bob, that you will forgive me and perhaps even these poor Californians.
Where?
Who?
Well, I don't know.
You certainly can't meet us.
I don't see any.
I'm looking, but...
I'm from Ohio myself.
And have mercy, Bob, on these callers.
I know that guy over there is from Guam.
Even Bob and Reverend Nancy there is from Louisiana.
So save most of your mercy for the listeners at large.
For they're the ones that are truly needed.
They're the martyred ones, Bob, and I know that you can understand how that feels, Bob.
Bob.
Because...
More pills, Bob.
It wasn't really our fault that the show was like this.
What's that?
Oh, it wasn't?
It wasn't just the sound of nails being scraped across the pavement.
Now they want to blame...
Now they want to blame Bob on it.
It wasn't just the sound of the cash register chaining away.
Yeah, chaining away.
What's the end of the page?
Turn the page and what's the next part of the script?
I don't know.
There's an awful lot of applause here for something that was so old.
No joke at all.
That's right.
We've given up on jokes because there's only ten minutes left.
And we've given up on the music.
And we've given up on the callers.
And we've given up on Bob.
Hello, I'm on the air.
Oops.
Except for that little guy there.
Look at him.
He's waving his arms around.
Now, I've got some serious important business to talk about.
I was saying I'd appreciate it if you guys would just kind of pipe down there in the background.
Okay, shoot.
Yeah.
No, wait a minute.
Now, I've been...
Church has...
I think you hit him.
Has been raking in some rather considerable revenues lately.
Here's that thing again.
Oh, I can see that you know exactly what you're talking about.
I certainly do.
So, please go ahead.
And so my question is, listen, maybe it's about time we talked about all these millions of dollars you owe me.
Oh, it makes me laugh, too.
Millions of dollars, huh?
Yeah, I'm the founder of the...
Yeah, okay.
Here's your money.
Look at those bags of money falling from the sky.
Those are solid coins.
They could hurt that guy, too, if he tried to catch him.
Oh, wow.
He's still not convinced.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.




I'm the Swami.
You ain't no Swami.
Now, watch.
The spirits will move the ketchup.
Ah, you kicked the table.
No, I didn't, creep face.
I'm the Swami.
That's just a dish towel around your head.
It's the turban, a hoopie doopie.
Now, the spirits are gonna move the dishes.
You pulled the table, Clark.
No, I didn't, chicken mouth, head fart.
I got powers.
You're just pushing stuff around.
I am the Swami.
I can make you go to sleep.
Are you awake?
Knock two times for yes.
Ha-ha.
I did it.
I'm gonna try my powers in the woods.
Ding, ding, ding.
Ding, ding, ding.
Ding, ding, ding.
I'm not being starved or beaten.
Who are you?
What do I think? What do I think?
Who are you?
I'm your friend Bob.
Not being starved or beaten.
Don't be sorry.
Not unnecessarily frightened.
Not being un-fake.
Not fake.
Who are you?
Not being totally free.
I'm Bob. I'm going to give you slack, dear sister.
Not being starved or beaten.
Not unnecessarily frightened.
Not unnecessarily frightened.

Not being starved or beaten.
Not unnecessarily frightened.
That's so much fun. I really enjoyed that.
Oh, Deborah, pass me those Kleenexes.
Oh, here. Enjoy this toilet paper instead, Dr. Drummond.
That's the official KTHX circular Kleenex.
Patty Hearst had such a hard time in life.
She really did.
From well...
To well...
To well...

To having to go through that horrible ordeal that she did.
It just breaks my heart.
Spending money doing demon markets.
And then she found the closet.
Praise Bob on the day she found that closet in the garbage can.
Pope Cecil, there's a lot of our listeners have been wondering if you're still having a problem with that manifestation that appeared on your back.
You know, the truss.
Yes, the hickey truss of Bob.
The one that's...
It's like a holographic image that appeared on your back.
What happened to that?
I mean, whatever became of that?
I guess you know...
As much as a tattoo is removed by pulling a graft of skin loose and folding another little flap daintily over it, electrons were induced into a substrate flow slightly under the skin surface, setting up this pyroflagellation vibration.
Did they use magnets?
Did they use magnets with that?
It's a very large toroidal device, yes.
Well, you know what they say.
I thought there was a dog sniffing my...
Was there a dog in here?
I think there's a dog sniffing my hand.
What is...
Where is that?
I think that's one of these Dobbs groupies.
We have to throw him out of the studio.
Well, you know what they say, gentlemen.
Gentlemen, you know what they say.
A lawyer who defends himself as a fool for a client, a doctor who practices on himself has a heck of a sport for a patient.
And I applaud you doctors.
You're kidding.
That's really...
I...
Doctors that operate on themselves have got to be successful.

They're going to be some of the bravest people around.
Right.
They really are.
Right.
Let's do some brain surgery here in the studio this afternoon.
All right.
We had some memory.
Should we have a caller call in and respond to some of the various...
Are those those abusive callers that call in and go...
This is one of these guys who...
...
No, it's one of those guys who just discovered what the phone is for.
It's very exciting.
I remember my first beer or two guy, no problem.
They know how to make a connection, but they don't know what they're supposed to do after that.
Hey!

And now what do I do?
He's chasing the short bus and we've got to respect that.
Oh yeah.
You're a candidate for acu-beating.
I punched this number and this is what happened.
... light blasting in front of my brain.
The caller.
Now what about it?
Well, what have you got to say for yourself?
The one listener here on the...
Only point light to this stupid show!
Every one person.
848-4425 if you want to replace this guy with yourself.
What a neat thing.

More people out there.
More people in the studio than are actually listening to the show.
We hope...
Well, that's often the case.
I'd be happy to.
Yeah, me too.
If only...
If only we could.
Do I just...
Oh, you're happy, aren't you?
Remember, there is no God.
There is no right or wrong.
Do your own thing.
The Bible is outdated and witchcraft and the occult are in.
Your parents can't punish you.
Bob can't punish you.
Hey.
Hey, Doug.
You there?
Yeah.
Philo!
I've been yakking for 30 minutes and...
I've been on the air.
... to hear what it sounded like and...
I'm sorry.
... there wasn't anything there.
You didn't tune...
It's 89.3, Dr. Drummond.
What?
Oh, no.
No!
I'm sorry.




You just didn't tune it.


It's a story.



I can't find my shoes.
I see the heavens spread before me and, as I raise a corner of the way to the world,
I can reach out and touch the infinite...
Okay, keep listening.
Try it.
Let go.






It wasn't till years later that I realized the full impact of what he had told me that day.
Dinner could save our life.
Yet here on a mountainside, disguised by white powdered snow,
draped about our nostrils, we couldn't decide whether we were coming or going.
As we came and went, we remembered the soldiers as they lay in the snow,
dead and without reason, and the things they said in those days.
Their packs slashed and their noses covered with raspberry jam.
They were ancient soldiers and they didn't know what they were talking about.
But they tried and tried and tried hard and paid taxes and tied their shoes in the morning.
And no, it really didn't matter then.
The bleeding hair.
And resurrect.
They were just like us.
Where is...
It's time to launch the head.
Launch the head and glory.
Glory.


Glory.
Glory.

Glory.
Glory.










Joyous occasion.
How you feeling, Sterno?
So I just figured I'd go back to the farm.
Sterno, can you say anything?
Get it on.
I was born again.
And Bob made sure I died again.
And now I've been born a third time.
Born twice.
So the rumors were true.
By the women.
By the women.
What you have to do to it.
Praise Barbara.
The body of a man born of a woman.
The body of a man.
The body of a man.
The body of a woman.
The body of a man.
The body of a woman.

The body of a man.
Born again.
Born again.
Born again.
Born again.

Oh, dear friends.
I can't say as how I can...
It's a miracle!
It's a miracle!
Yes, it is, Buck.
This is a miracle!
It's a miracle!
It's a miracle!
It is a miracle, Buck.
And I can't say as how I can explain what you've been hearing, dear friends.
This is your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
And you're hearing puzzling evidence and glass madness in the background.
Along with the...
1982 World
Subgenius Convention and
overlapped commentary
from other
centuries and I
don't get it either. None of us get it.
Come on. Okay. More show.
More show. Shove
the show down their ears
right now as much as you can
get down there, down that funnel.
Just cram it.
Yes, it's so good to see
the show forced down their
little listener ears.
Oh, if only we could put them down
the caller ears, but we don't have
callers here in Dallas. Nay, we
can only play tapes of callers from other
towns screaming and yelling
in the background as you hear
right now
from California. Thank you.
The Jell-O.
Colonel, the Jell-O is ready.
Colonel, the Jell-O is ready.
Well, that was pretty anticlimactic,
I've got to admit.
But you never know. I mean, sometimes
we hit just right.
Sometimes the tapes...
...go on to win high honors in combat
in the name of his father, El Tango
President. Thank you. Thank you.
I accept this honor
with
tremendous humility.
...van mail from some foreign...
I am
the almost Reverend Gopher Rock yourself,
the first fundamentalist church of the
Sweet Honey and the Money
Church of the Subgenius.
And in New York...
...in the interest of healing this jism-schism,
I am going to offer myself as the sacrifice...
Male sacrifice.
...the male sacrifice. Yes, friends.
And you can make a male sacrifice
by writing through the mails to...
Give me an idea.
What?
Quick, quick, quick, quick, quick.
Okay, to Post Office Box.
What about you? You got an idea?
Yeah, yeah, my idea is write to Post Office Box,
what is it? Oh, 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Yes, I'll say that number again.
Friends, you can write for free information
about just what's going on and why the women
at the convention in 1982 were launching
the bleeding head themselves and usurping
the glorious power of the Clayton Williams
as he tried to raise up and...
...launch in his own head and be serviced
in the service of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
That man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
But no, Connie had to come in and decide
she was gonna write down some new rules.
She took the bleeding head hostage.
And she and her evil women compadres
or compadres were demanding that we provide
the bleeding of Bob and the six-pack of chili
and several other things.
But how can you know, how can you really know
whether you have slack unless you write
for the free information from...
...Bob at Post Office Box 140306.
Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
75214.
That's...
That's Bob at Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Give up. Give up.
Give up.
17 hours a day.
Give up. Give up.
Give up. Give up.
Give up. Give up.
Thank you. Thank you.
It has been a great show, I admit.
I am sick and tired of hearing about all of the...
What? What?

...radicals...
...and the perverts...
...and the liberals...
...and the leftists...
...and the communists...
coming out of the closets. It's time for God's people to come out of the closets, out of the
churches, and change America. We must do it.
We are reaching tens of millions of people every day.
Television has brought this awareness to the masses.
And satellites and computer printout page.
There's a brand new need of Pharisee for an electronic age.
From a last of me, home of the brave, white, then squeaky clean.
People prosperous and odious.
With malignant piety.
Yeah, these are the men who put the right to righteous.
Hypocrisy and Christianity is truly out of sight.
Jesus loves America.
But I don't love him either.
Jesus loves America.
But I don't love him either.

Well, frankly friends, I think that's a bunch of seditious nonsense.
I love America.
Well, I don't love both.
That was In Gorbachev We Trust.
I forgot what this one is.
Put it in a little pause.
carved on a quarry bed like a
pay note
Uh,
aunts
our bodies
we are god
because only we can create the idea of his existence in our holy brains
the idea of his son
it's in the most diabolical ideas
in the entire universe of man
a revival of the universe



It is believed that you are no phantom when without
This life is but a thousand nation years for each of brother Domingo
We all know Domingo Santa Clara will be born today, tomorrow and the day after
Millions of times till the end of the universe
I will smile on his face to ask about species
What is the catastrophe?
Domingo you showed me just nothing like no one before
Domingo you showed me just nothing like no one before
Domingo you showed me just nothing like no one before
Domingo you showed me just nothing like no one before
Domingo you showed me just nothing like no one before
Domingo you showed me just nothing like no one before
Oh yes dear friends and that was er....
Well actually that was either they might be giants or yellow or art of noise
I don't know which and frankly you listeners please don't call in and try to tell us which one it is as if we were stupid idiots that can't even write down on our cassette, tiny little cassette labels that other people send us what these things are.
Trying to show off how you know who they are, you're so hip.
Well, we're so hip we don't even care who they are. How's that?
And you can be just as cool man if you would only do what this guy says right now.
Under that situation, it's a planet of the dead.
And the alternative is not to offer other ideas because they'll be quickly consumed and recycled and played out.
So the real alternative is a kind of new yoga, an environmental yoga, not a private spiritual or eastern yoga.
The new yoga is to deal with the environments we've created.
And we all...
We all share.
You know what I mean, Mike?
And so that's why we have to deal with the conspiracy goes back to that, that caller that if I was able to take control and I do have control, but if I was able to present it in the pink world, then I could I could bring in this real alternative.
And the way to have an alternative is to change the environments.
One of the ways would be to turn off the electric environment.
Can you imagine doing that?
Well, I certainly can imagine doing that.
In fact, I would like to do that as soon as possible.
But it seems that.
But whoever is doing the next show, perhaps they're not doing the next show.
And I'm listeners.
I just don't know what to tell you, except I'm sorry.
I grieve.
I mourn just as much as you do that.
You have to listen to the hour of slack for an extra minute or two, maybe another hour or two.
The last person I saw in here said, I'll be back at midnight.
I wonder what that means, dear friends.
It's a good thing.
I've got a bunch of records here and endless, endless tapes of the subgenius radio shows from Berkeley.
Oh, lots of stuff.
Maybe we've all heard it before.
Maybe we haven't.
And probably we're not supposed to hear some of it because it's not edited yet.
But until the next people come in, why, we'll just proceed to imbue you with the lovely slack, which even now is still dripping off your radio speakers.
And it may just drip off for hours.
And hours to come.
We're not sure.
There's only one thing we do know, however.
You can write for more information from Bob at post office box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again, that's box 140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
Oh, yes.
And now we'll just obviously it's time for the next show.
And there isn't one.
So it's this show still.
Yes, I'm sorry.
You're going to have to learn more and more about J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And who is J.R. Bob Dobbs?
You may ask why.
Why?

Why?
Why?




















You know, that's the hardest question in the world to answer.
And I don't think I'm going to unless I can find a copy of my book of the subgenius from Simon and Schuster here.
And if I can, I'll read you who J.R. Bob Dobbs is.
In the meantime, you can listen to the lovely Wendy Carlos.
Pardon me?
Yes, still Wendy here with the Brandenburg Concertos number five.
Hold on just a second.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Oh, saved in the nick of time, dear friends.
I just heard the downstairs bell ring.
Perhaps they really have come and you won't ever get to find out that the conspiracy, a conspiracy, dear friends, formed the background of your entire life.
The conspiracy, which is inner conflict.
It is your inferiority complex or your delusion of grandeur.
It is nervous.
It is nervous tension.
The habit of worry.
It is your darkest, most debilitating fears.
And it's what keeps you afraid.
What makes you scared to walk home alone at night.
It is the very reason for all your problems.
But there is one thing that can save you from the conspiracy, which we've been trying to force upon you tonight.
And that is the upcoming show.
Which has arrived.
And yes, Lisa Taylor is here to do that self-same and much awaited, I'm sure by now, next quote, next show.
Oh, yeah.
The next show.
They always want to know.
Well, what?
They call up.
They go, where?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I know about this Bob stuff, man.
But what about the next show?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.







Well, I'm into Bob.
I love Bob.
But I'm not going to send my money to Bob.
I'd rather spend it on cigarettes or liquor or rock and roll records, you know, by somebody I can hear on the radio anyway.
So what is the next show?
It's all they care about, friends.
Because they've got better things to think about than that man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Oh, yeah.
There's more valuable things in their lives than their souls or anything else.
Yeah.
You know, it's interesting when somebody comes in to do the next show, the next show, they
cue stuff up.
What I'm hearing through these headphones are completely different from what's being
heard over the radio.
And yet, oh, wait.
Oh, now.
Yeah.
It's a, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Let's put this on.
There we go.
No, no.
Wait.
Whatever you were queuing up.
There.
Oh, it's not a guy.
Oh, I wanted them to hear how it sounds when you're queuing the stuff.
That's when it, half of these records sound a lot better when you're queuing them up.
Okay, I'm out of here, friend.
Praise Bob.
Help me with somebody.
