Oh
Yeah portion around with girls girls well sure they start foaming at the mouth
That sounds me. Uh-huh
Say it's great supposed to be the biggest on the whole world. All right starts real slow
Yeah, and it goes faster and faster and everybody starts yelling and screaming supposed to scare the socks off
Yeah, and even got this kind of white coat standing around a case anybody faints. It sounds pretty neat. All right. Well, see ya
So long fellas
What's the matter with me? I'll tell you what's wrong with you dad cut off his knees. He was sick for three days
Uh-huh. Yeah, don't tell me something like that. I just had supper
To him
Come fly the teeth of the wind
Share my wings
You know, of course that you are living in a power age
What are you doing with it? I call this power TNT because it is dynamite
Use it rightly and it can bring you anything you want
Use it wrongly and it can eventually produce for you what you don't want
But you cannot get away from this power
Just listening to what I'm telling you now can be the turning point in your life
So Doug Smith radio operator, I'll bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure
Potential initiate and remain with us for the next 30 minutes Bob
Bob
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind
Every time you say see hear or think
What about slack that's your key phrase? It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry
of slack sponsored by
the church of the subgenius
This is Reverend Ivan stank sacred scribe of the first Orthodox mega fist temple Lodge of the Church of the subgenius
With pastor buck naked of the first naked church of the subgenius
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of this radio station
For the sermon a message concerning Bob Dobbs living avatar of slack and saint of sales
on planet earth
the idea that America or any country values
Individuality is the highest ideal is a cheap myth
Everybody's an individualist
But they don't like individuals
Damn straight perhaps in simpler times it was true
But no modern industrial death culture can really afford a population of
Unpredictables
This shouldn't surprise you the long history of persecution
By subgeni by the conspiracy goes back for generations untold
Sub geniuses come from a better world and they're going to a better world
They descended from abominable snowmen and will evolve overnight on some evening in late
1998 into over men and over women
It is an unbroken line of continuous change as opposed to that of pinks who are an evolutionary dead end and have been spinning their
Wheels as mere humans for the last million years or so
I think it's a real nightmare that right now when you open a science book
You'll find creationism on one page. You'll find the evolution on one page, but where's the page on where sub geniuses came from?
Oh
Yay yay, yay friends, that's some old hour of slack material there
We're playing tonight a rerun of one of the oldest shows hour of slack number six
from
1985
And I believe most of it was recorded when?
um
Dr. G. Gordon Gordon came to visit us in Dallas at our home studio.
And a lot of it is taken from Hour of, not Hour of Slack, the Media Barrage No. 10,
which is even older.
The Media Barrage tapes were done before the Hour of Slack started.
They turned into the Hour of Slack.
So join the baby Reverend Stang and the ordinary middle-aged G. Gordon Gordon
back in time as we examine the use and abuse of the souls of normal human beings.
Do you feel like in your teens?
Are you more than a man of means?
Is everything less than rough?
Are you middle class enough?
Five monsters in my family.
And we all have a lot of fun.
Two fairy sisters.
Scary husband.
Bowsy wife.
And hairy son.
That's me.
But you're dead as a beaver hat.
But you're dead as a beaver hat.
But you're dead as a beaver hat.
But you're dead as a beaver hat.
They're gonna think you're insane.
These people want to hypnotize us into cutting their brains out with chainsaws.
I mean, people.
If people psychically will us to beat their ass.
I mean, I don't see how we're responsible.
I mean.
I mean.

It's sub-genius boot camp.
Drinking coffee and staying awake.
Stand up there!
Here, stand out in the rain, and keep your wake.
Here, have some old Bob cologne.
You call yourself a sub-genius coming to drill with a beard?
That's two demerits.
Alright Mr Hugh.
Three more demerits, and I'll get that new baseball glove.
Look at the knees of your uniform, Vance.
That's disgusting.
I'm docking you five more demerits, Mr. Heister.
Oh gosh gosh!
Get a new car!
What are you smiling about?
Buy a white truck.

I hate Bob. Bob made my daddy go crazy.
My daddy used to make money, but now he just sits around all day.
I hate Bob. He's a bad man. I wish he would die.
This is part of the conspiracy.
It would appear that the government at the moment is practicing a lot of this religion in absentia for many folks.
It's a trendy thing.
What do you think?
Well, we're actually the conspiracy. You've always heard of the conspiracy, right?
Yeah.
Well, we're the conspiracy behind the conspiracy.
We've decided to come out in the open.
You're the unnamed source.
That's us.
One of them.
Well, you've certainly heard of the Public Creatinization Society.
And now learning to apply creative and corrective procedures and to bring back to normalcy and a state of perfection
any abnormality or imperfection found within any given manifestation of matter, any given plane, any given depth.
I can easily do anything that I want to do.
I can.
I can.
I'm a winner.
Pursuant to Section 28A, Article 4B, Paragraph 2 of the Internal Security Regulations,
I now hand over to you rejected applicate number 578-293-BO21.
And so, right on his face.
Hey, when am I going to get paid?
I hate myself and I hate everyone else.
I'm not done.
Can you hear me?
What the heck is going on out here?
Anyway, I need to talk to Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
There are weapons that are simply thoughts, attitudes, prejudices, to be found only in the minds of men.
There is no typical subgenius.
There's no profile subgenius.
The subgenius is the person who is an outsider, who has been different somewhere or another since birth.
A person who is born with slack.
And we're all born with slack.
Original slack.
Original slack.
But the...
The conspiracy...
The conspiracy of normalcy, really, is what it is.
It takes it away from the minute you are born.
They give you that first whack on your behind to make you cry.
From that moment on, they're taking away your slack.
He was alive one minute, then he was dead.
Can't be.
Why not?
There must have been a reason.
They couldn't just barge in here and drag him away.
No reason.
They can totally barge in this group of coworkers.


Whatever...
graphic,
all hacia 22 from,
Aah!
,
ador quickly,
So much pamięhake and
Arihского C-B Konic.

Too bad today.
Yes, they creep up on you.
Conspiracy bugs.
Conspiracy bugs.
They creep up on you.
They breed fast, don't you see?
And also, they don't need much to live on.
Just a constant supply of mindless entertainment.
And food.
And false slack.
That's all they need.
False slack is so much easier to get than real slack, my friend.
So much easier.
All you have to do is work a 9-to-5 job.
Or, you know, the equivalent.
Whatever you do.
It doesn't have to be a 9.
You can be your own boss, entrepreneur, whatever.
It doesn't matter how you get the money.
But the money can buy, can...
False slack can only be had...
for money.
Uh, true slack can be had for money.
But you've gotta have...
You've gotta have a...
a slack...
a slack awareness, my friend.
More than you need money.
You don't need money.
You don't have to have money to have true slack.
And that is the God's truth.
Oh no.
I'm dreaming.
None of this is true.
I'm dreaming.
I'm dreaming.
I'm dreaming.
I'm dreaming.
I'm dreaming.
I'm dreaming.
I'm dreaming.
I'm dreaming.

I'm dreaming.

Oh no, don't...
They're agnostic.
If you cannot see it, you think it's not there.
It doesn't work that way.
They don't know that this is a conspiracy.
They're agnostic.
This is for real.
They're agnostic.
They don't know.
They have to see it in front of them before they know...
Yeah, they have to see it.
And even then they deny it.
The thing is, is that these people are real, and, uh, the Pinks are the ones who actually
do not exist, because they're not awake enough to actually have consciousness...
They're not...
that haven't turned into dogs yet.
...things.
They're just tubes...
to be filled with video images.
They're shadows, they're spirits,
but they're not real.
By recreating body and mind
out of remembered fragments,
I was to program my own inferno.
Good God.
Well, he certainly lost his mind.
Listen.
In effect,
my soul was a monstrous cancer.
Continually creating within itself
the means of my destruction.
A lost soul
is one that no longer controls its own circuitry.
The virus has been taken over by the enemy
which uses it to destroy me,
to destroy you.
The sensation is like spontaneous combustion.
I should have taken it off the hook.
Oh, let it ring.
Annie, take a message, would you?
And leave it off the hook.
Yeah, okay, okay, I'll get it.
Go on, Linda.
Go on.
It is this control of the circuitry,
this ability to send phantom signals
to real bodies through their remembered images,
like pins stuck in a doll,
that gives hell its power on earth.
Hell is not a place,
but a system for disrupting the plans of God.
She thinks you can cure the world
by kindness and rules,
but it's too small.
The Lord's Prayer on a Pinhead.
Some make rules, some obey,
but the rules are for the fools,
is what I say.
The system makes me sick.
I wear the wrong clothes.
I see the wrong things.
You know I can't dance,
my feet are much too wide.
Who thinks you set the trends?
You wear your head as white.
Your clothes are out of sight.
Your house is modern, really kitsch.
You got it so macho in there.
You got it, bitch.
I see them go to the web.
I see them go to sleep.
I see them on the street.
I see them on TV.
I see them laugh and cry.
I'm on the outside.
I'm on the outside.
I'm on the outside.
It happens.
Look around you.
Look all around you.
The rude clerks in stores that hate their job
and take it out on you.
The thing about the normals is that they
they conceptualize themselves to be
hot sinus effluvia on silver platters,
but in reality reveal themselves to be
cold mucus incrustation on a paper plate.
A tuxedo container of hot steam for voirist dogs.




o Мы Carson are pressure.
If folksoccassion costs
memory take those bad memories take those horrible training regimens that
you were subjected to as a youth flush them down the toilet as you
excrement a take let me ask you let me ask you sister did you ever own a guinea
pig I ate my guinea pigs I grew them and I ate them
take some more of this maybe the show will finish and we'll get to make
another tape
weird
the door doctor these days your medic
they want to know things they want to know how to run their lives or what
you're saying about this about my girlfriend
my girlfriend that one don't want me to worship
what should I do man
I'll tell you what you should do it's like doctor you should do this
no head launching doctor
take
the pills
the right way like the fire
try some of this false slack
but we can't talk about that because it would leave this station live open to libel and slander
that's our lawyer now oh my god he's here
I feel much better now
oh man
that's because
Bob sent this for you
these normal souls are amazing
you can drink them you can smoke them you can eat them
I don't know who knows what you can do with them
you can even snort them
I can try rubbing one up under my gums here
I'm gonna try a line of this human soul here if you'll excuse me a minute
I'm gonna
now that's what I call soul
let me try some of that
Jesus
remember that?
remember that?
that must have been a fairly intelligent normal
oh no that wasn't a normal that was
god I think I got some of his memories off of that
wow
yeah
it's like I'm seeing this little woman in the 40s
just for a second
that's probably the guy's mom
yeah
god you can snort their souls
and these little primal memories come to me
you've just got to give them final unction and dry them out first
okay
how long have you guys known about this?
I mean was this something the Indians had down there?
yeah yeah
it's too rainy to light a fire to smoke a soul a lot of times
so they just uh they dry it and keep it in with volcanic rock as an absorbent
and they just grind it up and snort it through huge huge caves
they didn't have the technology to extract souls
I mean how'd they get them under pressure?
how'd they get them into the canisters?
they don't do it that way
they just feed them the right amount of
herbs and plants and the soul just drips out of the nasal and anal
you're kidding
no
why can't we do that?
we can if we got the right pills
it's kind of you know it's it's all organic
I mean you know there's two ways you can extract
you go high technology or you can go with just kerosene and a couple of guys with a barrel
why did Bob set up these these these extraction machines?
I mean what's this?
all you're gonna do is you dig a little pit
you dig a little pit in the ground you line it with plastic
peg down with wood
and then you put the body in
a normal right?
yeah
any normal?
any normal
I mean it
any normal isn't dead yet the stole is still in him right?
uh-huh
okay then you cover him with kerosene and acetone
and then you just jump up and down on him until it turns kind of green and thick
then you remove him strain the liquid
then you boil it you add sulfuric acid
but then there's some kind of ritualistic I mean what actually causes the transmutation?
well there's a group of people that are doing it and they're doing it for the sake of it


yeah
people around the pit adding a psychic element of the of the alchemy you say that's they concentrate
and oh yeah because they don't have the the sole amplifier
right so it's done with psychic methods and then after its boiled
that's incredible
after it's boiled
a bunch of brazilian tribal jungle people
ambolybians ambolybians both they both do it in the lowlands on both sides there and then you you boil that they boil a soul they actually boil
little combo souls
yeah they boil
And little coya soles too, you know.
And they boil them.
And then when it starts to thicken, they add another liquid.
It's some kind of corrosive, I believe.
And it turns into a thick white paste.
And they just spread the sole out into the sun.
And it dries.
And then you just have to chop it up.
They'd probably think we were idiots for crystallizing them and compressing them.
Yeah.
I mean, it probably doesn't cost them, you know, it costs them a couple of necklaces or a taper.
Well, they don't need electricity to do it.
They're pet taper at the most expense they've got.
And it costs us $100,000 a year to keep these things pumping.
Well, you see, we use a lot of...
And not to mention the bodies and the soles and getting rid of them.
See, the body dissolves.
The body dissolves in the solution completely.
Well, do you do up the body too?
No, they just strain it out with a solid waste.
What do they do with that?
With that?
They press it into little cakes and burn it, like for fires and stuff like that.
They usually give it back to the...
To the guy's family.
How come this was...
How come the Western civilization didn't discover that?
Well, you see, it's because...
How come they haven't been ripped off yet?
How come we didn't rip them off?
Well, because we can pay for sole and get it a lot cheaper from them than doing it up here.
Because, you know, like down there, nobody complains if you go through 400 or 500 bodies in one night.
You know, you can sit around and smoke all the sole you want.
Yeah, I guess it would be kind of...
That's right.
...questionable to...
They got a lot more...
...to be digging pits in your backyard and throwing normal bodies in there.
Well, it's just little pressed cakes.
Noisy, if nothing else.
It's just little pressed cakes.
Most people barbecue on them later, you know.
You see?
Well, and then we've got to give half of them away to the...
Wherever they're taken on Jupiter.
Well, of course, the thing about a lot of...
That weirds me out, man.
A lot of things weird me out.
The fact is that you can't get any good sole here in the States, dry or liquid.
It's always been cut with something.
And I like my sole unstepped on myself, you know.
Oh, yeah.
They'll use monkey soles, chimpanzee soles.
Hell, they just take up crystallized...
There's probably two-thirds...
They just take crystallized emotions and mix them in, for God's sake.
I mean, you get a bad blast of rage mixed in with your sole, and the next thing you know, man, you...
That's probably what happened to me last week.
...to the salad bar.
And that took a lot of...
They put a lot of anguish in it, too, you know.
It just makes you depressed.
Whereas pure sole is nothing more than a psychic and, you know, almanic amplifier.
And, you know, if your sole's in good shape when you do pure sole, I mean, it's even better.
But, you know, like, you put...
Stuff that's been stepped on and mixed with monkey sole or alligator.
Yeah, next thing you know, your sole is...
It's tainted.
Very tainted.
Got holes eaten through it, you know.
Man, I wonder if that's what happened to Janer.
What happened to Janer?
Yeah.
Janer shoots sole.
I know.
He's like, hey, you're going to magnetize my Palmer head.
He calls it.
Yeah.
Hey, give me some of that remagnetized Palmer.
I won't do any demagnetized Trevino head.
See, that's a problem.
Janer is doing it.
That Palmer head, and, you know, it was not a good molecule to begin with.
And, you know, he's just synthesizing...
more and more of bad stuff and making it purer and purer.
And each time he makes it purer, it's more pure bad.
That's his basic problem.
Running up demagnetized sole, bad golfer soles.
Yeah.
Can you imagine?
And it is this doctor's opinion that anal sex was performed on the dead bodies
after the brutal slaughter and was done.
Details at 10.
Oh, my God.
My baby, my baby.
My baby, my baby.
My baby, my baby.
My baby, my baby.
My baby, my baby.
My baby, my baby.
Very air spray.
Water bed for two.
Jogging, health foods
And lots of social goods
Khaki pants
White shirts with those alligators
Mercedes Benz
How about tennis later?
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do
You'll never know where the subgenius beach party is
And don't you wish you did
Oh dear, that ding
Well, Dr. Howell, is there any way you can fight through the sound effects
And tell us about the relationship between the demopods and the ussopods?
Well, the demopods and the myriapods got together
No, the demopods and ussopods
Oh, the demopods
It says right here on the script
I can tell you
I understand that
I thought you meant this script right here
The one with the red lines on the cover
Listen, never read anything with red dots
I never believe anything with red dots
It says read addresses that I don't like on the show
Too many buttons to push
Too many tape recorders to watch
It was obvious that during the game
They should not have launched ahead with that size of rocket
They should have used a smaller rocket
Not hurt so many people
Some, perhaps, but not so many
As it turned out, JFK was turning to Governor Connolly
To tell him the name of the band
That dare not speak his name
And was shot because of that
We thank you for your input, caller
What does it sound like where you are?
Perfectly well-known
But what does it sound like where you are?
What is weird?
Huh?
It's a weird DJ dressed up in a crown of thorns
And a dirty, dirty sheet
What's going on here?
Starts kissing on you
I'm...
And don't forget to...

In mood
While rats run up my trouser legs
Roaches share my food
Rats and roaches nuzzle me
When it's dark and hot
Love, love, it's all the same
Mixing speed and part
First a rat and then a roach
Are both as like as not
If I can't find a fix tonight
My marrow bones will rot
Goodbye, transcendent pumpkin square
I haven't long to stay
A double jolt of pain
Heroin and I'll be on my way
Let...
Ah, yes, dear friends
Here we are
At home
At, uh...
On the airwaves
This is Reverend Ivan Stang
With Dr. G. Gordon Gordon
And we'd better stop and explain
Just...
And credit, at least
We can't ever explain
Who those fools making those weird noises were
That we were playing on your radio
Quite a bit of their...
Was the, um...
The show
Less than an hour
More than...
Or less than a show
More than an hour
From San Francisco
Or the Berkeley show
Puzzling evidence
Dr. Gary Brobe-Fran
Dr. Howell
And, um...
Various insidious guests
Mobius Rex and so forth
And evil subgeniuses
Intermixed with a, uh...
A tape from, uh...
Bishop Huey of Houston
The Bishop of...
Archbishop of Houston
On, uh...
A sister station down there
He sends these tapes
That are always labeled
Collages from Hell
Of volumes 19 through 46
So, yeah, some...
So, dear friends
Once again, as we saw it
Uh...
We come to the end of this side of the show
Once again, you'll have to...
Turn your show over
Turn...
Turn your radio over
Flip it
So that you can hear the rest
The subgenius radio ministry
Hour of Slack
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
All over again
Over and over and over
Send the audio...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Too much.
Too much.
I already know
alaraching orders
outweigh everything
Formal sitting
Welcome to side two of your radio show
Ah, yes, dear friends
We're back and boy it's getting tough doing these shows night after night after night. It's easy for you
You only have to listen once a week, but we do ten shows a day. We have to keep up stay ahead
What is that noise I have no idea I think it might be the exits on the outside of the hall
Yeah, I can hear the hiss the air noise
But we're still on the fringes of the atmosphere. You know that's just now what happens if I push this place a problem
Oh
Running up deep magnetize. Oh, you can hear us
What if we
Here we go
There with the mystery in the magic right there, why did you have to say that heroic legend ages past time?
Is this a time magazine about
Okay, a
feast for the
Eye minded we don't want to do that. So I think he's right
No, I use the term he to describe all aliens of color show
I think you and your family with adventure as the ingenious human if that's an it
What is that? I want to get to get to first time by the editors of the book of the subject
Yes, all of the show was getting fixed. They were fixing the show
And nobody knew exactly where it was publishing guides you through this intriguing
I'm an unique and spectacular family library the book of the subject
There with the mystery in the magic right there, why do you have to say that?
Gary we just
The mystery in the magic yeah, it's all you use a million gigawatts of electricity to extract souls up here
The energy is released psychoactively and with simple chemicals down there
And we never free base soul either. I mean that's really bad
Just drinking it. That's all
drinking it and snorting it I
like a little I
Like a little iced soul myself. I
Like it best out of balloons to tell the truth
That is my favorite way of
Doing up some soul
Yeah, tank souls good stuff
High pressure tank so this the pure stuff straight out straight out. That's just the cook it, you know
And then it turns into a gas
And then they pump it under pressure. They scrub it. They scrub it through dogma filters and and
Stuff like that to make sure because when you get into that excited estate every little part of the soul
Separates from every other so you get little pockets of you know stuff that was like childhood dogma rammed into you
So they scrub that all out so it becomes it's the most pure form in gaseous form. Oh, yeah, but the only
problem is that you know the people that
End up banging their head against the wall all night long because I can't stop there in such ecstasy or whatever
people fall down floor being this the beingness of it
They you know makes them for some reason chew the ground. I had that's what I did. That's how my jaw got messed up
You know you can talk up chewing the ground. Yes, woke up. I loved Mother Earth. I woke up chewing made a big mess
Yeah, you can tell that
That the soul really affects people more in gaseous states
Because the minute they speak out their voice isn't the same you know that goes directly
Directly to the to the main gland
It just diffuses in the blood so fast
Slow it down and it's like old TV shows, but in between
the lines are these even more
These incredibly fast
micro
Blips of sound we have not been able to stretch out and I'm a stress even I mean the best
I mean see the one space between the blips
Maybe the spaces between the blips of the actual message. Yeah, but we can't slow it down that much
I mean you can't differentiate the machines won't
It's alien it is that it is the truly a great signal. It's like your music but
What?
60 gigahertz band right?
Yeah, that was a great band then their whatever happened to them
They're they're playing the hydrogen flying now, I think I think it's just one of their numbers coming in right now on Channel 7
I
Love

Love
You
Love
You
Oh, oh
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'll take you out with me so you can hear what it's like outside where I live.
I notice you don't hear too many cars.
But you hear a lot of bugs and a lot of birds.
That was Bubba Gee.
Say hi to the people.
You care about your special friend, and it cares about you.
That's how the Care Bears came to be.
Just listen, and turn the page when you hear the music box.
What do you think?
The resulting whine was almost unbearable.
We've entered the final tribulation period.
I believe we'll know when it happens.
I don't know yet exactly how we'll know that it has happened,
but I believe with all my heart that when we get there,
we're going to know what has happened.
The true believers will know because they know what the character
of the final tribulation period is.
The final tribulation period is that time when no one else is being saved.
And when the church has become so apostate,
the denominations and congregations,
it's almost impossible to find one that is left that is true to the word of God.
The day the world ended is here.
Shocking, terrifying horror.
See the world ended by atomic fury.
See the horrible mutant who seeks a mate.
See the terrifying beast on the ocean floor.
See the battle for life at the bottom of the sea.
Yes, see the fantastic world of death and horror
in the...
Top Shock Show of all time.
Generic giant crab music with Overlord Huey.
Good fight to the gods with your personal friend, Bishop Huey.
Well, this is your pal, Colonel Huey, and this is Nightcrawler's Lament.
I'm going to teach you to talk like a horrible Texas trucker in no time.
Well, despite numerous protests from the leading substantial citizens,
here I am again, your pal and temporary father figure,
Mr. Huey with another danger run.
This is the club car on the hill-bound train.
Why it's called that...
Go!
Don't forget, boy.
Look over your shoulder,
cause there's always someone coming after you.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Save me! Save me!
Save me!
Okay, it's about...
We are advancing constantly, and we're not interested in holding on to anything except the enemy.
We're going to hold on to him by the nose, and we're going to kick him in the ass.
We're going to kick the hell out of him all the time, and we're going to go through him like crap through a goose.
I thought she was born a long, long time ago.
You have reached the correct number.
However, your call has already been analyzed and rejected.
This matter is out of our hands.
As soon as we are able to transcend the time problems inherent in life on Earth,
and gain control of the situation, we will return you to your previously scheduled conversation.
If this had been an actual phone call, you would have been instructed to leave your name, number, time, and message when you hear the tone.
Thank you.
Somebody please.
Thank you.
Thank you.
This is oral fixation.
This is oral fixation, which is a bunch of members of the Severn Institute.
It's their selection of material that is the best thing.
And these guys play on stage.
They do this as a live show, but they don't actually sing.
They play the tape.
So it's true.
Thank you.
Oh.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
This is real neo-psychedelia.
This is when, after the day after, this will be rock and roll.
You know, this is a vision of our future.
Yeah, well, nothing electrical will work.
No magnetic motor will work.
Except tape decks.
No, the tape won't work.
Nothing will work.
And this is going to be rock and roll after the apocalypse,
after the kiss, the lightning kiss of Wotan's judgment.
Oh, yes.
Yeah, this is their breeze.
This is a gentle breeze from Wotan's armpit.
Oh, no, they've stuck.
The craze of greater boldness.
Baltimore.
As related to the Crank Boys.
Yeah, they're part of the Crank Boys, too.
They never sleep.
That's right.
They never sleep.
Car mechanic boys.
Yes, sir, if you want to get your heads milled at 445 in the morning,
go to Crank Boys.
All Crank Boys.
Ask for Doug Zero.
I hope they do it.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.

Oh, no.
Oh, no.




Oh, no.
I love it.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.


Okay.
I can't keep up with this stuff anymore.
Look at all this trash.
It's too many shows.
It's, uh...
Yeah.
We're going to go to Missouri for their show now.
We need some help from 1,000 doctors.
We need, yes, at least 1,000 doctors.
Once, doctors for Wotan.
This is Dr. Philo Drummond and his...
And the band of...
now called Swinging Love Corpses, or The Cups,
a great neo-psychedelia band that started out once as Doctors for Wotan,
now including other members such as Sphinx Drummond and Crazy Ray Hay.
Oh, Ray Hay.
He's a wild guitarist.
Ooh, there's a man.
Oh, Ray Hay.
Oh, Ray Hay.
Oh, Ray Hay.
Oh, Ray Hay.
Oh, Ray Hay.
Oh, Ray Hay.
Oh, Ray Hay.
Oh, Ray Hay.
Oh, Ray Hay.
I mean, my love for you is so great, so real, so large.
And you and I are too small to hold on to.
You've got to understand it takes a big man a day to get up to that bottom.
All the love I have for you, baby.
And sometimes I just can't even bottle up inside.
I've got to get it out of me.
I've got to get out and I've got to shout about it.
I mean, baby, I mean.
I don't know what it's like.
But sometimes it's just too much, even for me.
A man like me to handle all the love that I have for you.
I mean, I can't even hardly get a grip on it, if you know what I mean.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, honey.
You know, I love you.
Whoo!
Yeah.
Whoo!
Oh, baby.
Ah, sometimes I just get all heated up.
I've got to play a song for you, mama.
It goes like this.
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!


Whoo!










History.



Over here, baby.
This love ain't so bad.
Oh, baby.
I gotta love for you.
My love, yours is all.
Massive-sized, industrial striker.
Love, for you, baby.
Let's butart.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, I tell the boys about what it was like last time.
They all know what kind of a love we have because I've told them many times that your love is like God in love.
And honey, you know what it makes me feel?
It makes me feel...
Oh, baby, I mean, I just can't love you like I love you.
Is that thing for real, baby?
And I just got to tell the boys about it the next day because that makes me feel like I was such a man when they say,
Charlie, man, you got to love like I never heard about it before.
Is that thing for real, baby?
Oh, baby, I mean, baby, it makes me...
Oh, damn it, bitch.
I mean, hell, mama.
It makes me have to...
It makes me have to play a song for you, mama.
It goes like this.
It has to be technician.
It's a...
First, with electronic mind control.
Know what I mean?
Me, me, me, me, me, me, me.
Me, me, me, me, me, me, me.
Satanic radio at its finest.
Can you repeat that?
Me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me.
Yes.
There's no one to hire me.
There's no one to hire me.
Me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me.
It's a...
It makes me feel...
It's a war.
And they couldn't tell me what it was for.
But there's a starting line.
Something we can try.
You know.
You know.
My God, I...
Actually pity those poor bastards.
We're going up against...
By God, I do.
We're not just going to shoot the bastard.
We're going to cut out their living guts.
And you...
Use them to grease the treads of our tanks.
We're going to murder those lousy hun bastards by the bushel.
What about itching from within?
Some people have persistent skin diseases which make them itch.
At times, things we swallow.
From a particular food to a medication can cause us to itch with or without a visible rash.
He'll be a man.
They'll test one day.
Have him win.
The Green Beret.
Now that I've made this promise,

And all I'll get is...
Holding .
Knowing.
Closing all.
Yeah, yeah, it's a long story, you SillyBoy.
Time back up my entire Also Hannah�ル.




I think...
I'm going to talk to you and everything will end up...

Congrats.
See you later, Linda.

My baby, my baby.
My baby, my baby.
How many more times do we have to listen?
How many more times do we have to hear the worst song ever?
This band is terrible tonight.
They just want to fall asleep.
And the audience is going in every different direction possible.
They're sick of us.
They're sick of the Cafe de Preso.
Yeah, they're sick of everything here.
They only know three chords, but you're only going to see them play one.
I'm so tired of these guys.
This band's bad.
It's no surprise.
I wish they'd just pack it up and go away.
Well, how many times...
Do we have to play this same song over and over and over again?
Goethe, Goethe, Goethe.
Oh, Goethe, let me clean your toes with my mouth.
Sonny, if you want it, here it is.
Come and get it.
But you better hurry, cause it's going fast.
You better hurry.
I told you that faulty autopilot module was going to give us some trouble sooner or later.
You got the whole damn side of the show caved in.
Oh, well, it's my cousin worked on it, see?
That was the problem.
I took it to my cousin instead of letting the Tibetans, the old experts, fix them.
Well, we got to dock with the show in eight minutes and 32 seconds.
It's show number four, and look at that.
And if we run out of tape before that, then we won't be docking with nothing.
We'll be cast adrift in the airwaves.
No, if you're not on tape, friend, on the airwaves, you just, you're ripe for piracy.
Yes, indeed.
Airwave piracy.
They're bootlegging us right now.
Everything we say right now is being sold.
Sold somewhere.
Somewhere.
Being sucked out of the heavens, out of our orbital transmitter by some big old pirate ground dish.
Bootleggers.
Stinking bootleggers.
But they're going to find out.
You can't bootleg Bob.
You can't bootleg Bob for too long.
You got to pay your dues to Bob and the Foundation for Salvation, friends.
Any old Bob show, you just pirate and start sending around.
People are going to start falling down and not remembering what they listened to and foaming at the mouth and having strange hallucinations.
Yeah.
All kinds of excess buzzing around their rooms.
Confusing.
It can get really tough.
Beating on their walls.
It can be difficult.
Making their TV sets not work right.
And they're saying, why me?
What did I do?
Yeah, you didn't pay your dues.
That's very, very interesting.
That's not interesting at all.
I mean, that's very interesting.
That's not interesting at all.
I know they have to be listening to this show.
And why do I even care what the answer could be?
I'll take your earphones off.
I'll tell you because deep down inside, deep down inside, friends, you know that this is the truth.
The ultimate truth.
Oh, man.
Now the announcer will give our mailing address.
That's the Church of the Subgenius.
Write for information to P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 www.subgenius.com.
Thank you, friends.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang with Dr. Gary Gibraltar, Pastor Buck Naked, Dr. Onan Kenamite, G. Gordon Gordon, and all the other nameless crowds.
Thank you.
Thank you.
