On the floor.
The self-genius.
Power of swatching.
Is it? Is it? Is it? Is it? Is it? Is it?
Lying down on the floor.
Is it? Is it? Is it? Is it? Is it?
I think it's, uh, what is it, Friday?
Friday next week is the 5th?
Friday is July 5th.
It's 7 a.m. That's when the sauces are going to show up.
Yes.
It's a day that will only last seven hours.
It will be the last day.
The last day. The day to end all days.
The last day will be a morning, but not a noon, afternoon, or evening.
Not as we have always understood it here on this...
This planet.
But that's okay, because we are going to be introduced into whole new ways of measuring space and time that, uh, you know, were never relevant to us, uh, in the lives that we know now.
It's okay. Confusion is normal, but you'll get over it.
Yes.
Eventually you will adapt, and you will realize that this was the time stream in which you were always meant to live.
It's happening right now as we speak.
And if you're a subgenius, you will never lose that...
Feeling of faintly supercilious superiority of having been right all along.
You'll never lose that supercilious superior feeling.
That swaggering, simpering, uh, smirking certainty.
It'll never be gone. It will be with you forever.
Because the best part about religion is not knowing that you go to heaven.
It's knowing that everyone else goes to hell.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
And kill Bob, too, by the way.
Can we get a kill Bob?
Bob sucks.
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Bob sucks.
Hey, if you've got something to say...
We're allowed to do that, you see.
Chopper sucks.
You've got something to say, give us a call here.
This is a very special edition of Synesthesia here.
Joining me in the studio are Princess We Are Doe, Dr. Howland Owl, all the way from San Francisco.
As heard in, uh, as heard in, uh, the video game Half-Life.
Salve discipule antiquorum.
Don't know why they insist on these ridiculous, uh, ties.
I'm right.
I'm right here.
And, uh, is that, uh, my coffee cup?
What other, uh, have you done other voice work that anybody here might have heard of?
Well, I don't know.
They, I'm, of course, uh, through these shows, like, uh, infectious, uh, hornworms, uh,
through vegetable matter.
But, um, I'm in the, uh, Half-Life series, which also means the PlayStation version,
Half-Life Opposing Force, and so forth.
But Half-Life is pretty much...
it.
Ah.
Well, you know what?
It's something that I'd heard of before I ever heard of you, so...
Then there was a movie that, uh, two guys made, uh, called The Attack on City 17, or
was it?
Anyway, City 17 figures prominently in their plot.
And in the background, you can hear my characters addressed to the inhabitants of City 17.
Now, I had heard at the time that these two youngsters, these, uh, eager, uh, creatures,
computer fabricators, had made a motion picture quality movie in their spare time with this
City 17 project.
And further, I had heard that some of the powers that be had then given them millions
of dollars to make a full-length live-action version.
But since that, and this was some years ago, I have heard nothing of this strange story.
Hmm.
Oh, like the 3D subgenius documentary.
Yeah, what about that one?
Those guys were there and they were disrupting us, making us be in 3D all the time, and then,
uh, we heard, uh, nor a hair nor a hide of them.
Well, you know what happened?
Uh, he had intended to have celebrities talking about how, uh, wonderful the Church of the
Subgenius was.
Don Rickles, Jerry Lewis.
Well, the problem was, Don and Jerry both said, who?
Yeah, well...
I mean, then, so he went, okay, well, I'll call you back.

I'll call Pee-wee.
I'll call Mark Mothersbaugh.
And they went, who?
Or they went, uh, I don't have time.
Banned everything you...
I've got to finish this, uh, TV commercial for Hawaiian Punch.
Ran it into the ditch.
So, uh, and Last X Day, in fact, just before we left...
God, I hate that phrase, Last X Day.
Yes.
Last X Day Drill.
The Last X Day Drill before the actual...
I tried to get hold of, uh, X Day Drill.




I got Edmund, the producer of that thing, and, uh...
With the scientific company.
I emailed him, and he, and he, I got an auto-reply saying, no, this was a different Edmund.
Out of office?
He, yeah, he, no, it, it actually said, I'll be out of the office from July 5th on.
Yes.
And I thought, oh, well, maybe he's coming to, to Wisteria, and he didn't tell us.
But he did.
Well, if so, he never arrived.
Maybe he was the only true subgenius.
The only one who could tell us.
I mean, we all got ruptured.
You know, we can't know all of these things.
X Day's come and gone, and that one little filmmaker guy's the, up there lounging with
the sex goddesses, laughing at us.
We have to observe it from our future perspective, after X Day has already transpired.
Then we can, uh, do the post-game analysis of all the X Day drills, and see what was
out of whack in many of them, when we were sure we were all set to go.
Uh...
I haven't broached this subject on the radio before.
Awful.
I don't think.
Awful.
But we had a pretty sobering discovery.
Uh, a few months ago, I got results back from a lab test.
We had sent the original memo that Bob wrote about the world ends July, uh, 7 a.m., July
5th, 1998.
Now, of course, there was a problem with the 1998 being turned upside down, and we knew
about that.
Yes.
I had the thing carbon dated, and it turned out that in the word June, the L, or July,
in the word July, the L-Y had been added years later.
The original note was penned in 1953, and sometime in the 70s, somebody added an L-Y
to what it originally just said, J-U.
So it actually occurs in the month of June?
Well, it could.
Well, that's another thing.
Is there's the, you know, what?
Is there some Zionism?

Zionist connection here?
But I think rather it's possible that, yeah, it could have been something like that.
Or jujy fruits.
Uh, possibly that Bob meant to say June 5th.
Juvenile court.
Uh, but-
It would certainly be cooler in southern Ohio in June than it is in June.
Some of us might not be able to be there.
That's the problem.
There's, uh, school is still going on, and I, you know, as scholars, we'll debate until
the end of time.
Yes.
That's the meaning of the date, time, and place of the end of the word.
The eschatology will be debated well past the end of time.
Every dusty Mesopotamian chunk of pottery.
It all has to be hashed over to the nth degree.
And then when we can finally correlate these factors, we will know with precision at exactly
what hour the landing pods of the great saucers will make contact with our solar system.
But until then, uh-
I'm gonna do something really crazy here.
Partay!
Until then, let's partay!
It's the end of the world!
216-mouth-no-mouth-view-in-the-vice-of-the-iscus.
There's a number to call if you'd like to talk about anything here.
Eschatology.
Or just eschatology.
Eschatology talk.
You're on the air.
I'm not an autocrat, and my brain is still functioning.
Well, we'll fix you up in no time.
And we're programmed to say that.
The autocrats!
Come in.
It's the Robert-
Ah!
Robert- Robert Lunsum.
You know what I wanna do?
I wanna turn that fan off.
I'm not liking the background noise.
Oh, you're not one of your best fans, are you?
I'm not.
Well, alright, I have other people to do this.
Well, come in.
Have a whiff of anesthetic and-
This is the most wonderful time of the year.
Sit down on the table, and we'll have those wings off in no time.
We'll take all those other things, too.
The gills, the reappurtenances, the strange growths out of the side of the head.
That's right.
We will carve these irrelevancies away, and what is left will be the pure spirit.
Yes.
Yes.
We'll have to turn the fan in order to hear the background noise on the phone lines here.
Yes.
Yes.
Fans are obstreperous and impetuous.
Could you pod the pans and pan the pod and bring up the, um, and fade the, um, there,
I'm sorry.
Well, I haven't got any pods on me.
Oh, wait a minute.
I do actually have a couple of pods.
I have a couple of pseudo-pods.
Oh, you're from San Francisco.
You know your Perian pods are round.
Oh, well, mine are really real, but, um, yeah.
Bean pod?
No, those are has-beens.
I've got something more contemporary and current.
Like, uh, cherries or currants.
Hmm.
So you're carrying a fruit cage full of packing sandwiches?
There's no way we can ingest this packing popcorn because of the closed circulatory
system of the, uh, surrounding structures.
So, too bad about that.
Just a...
And the average one?
Are you saying we can't eat those, those packing peanuts if we're in a space suit?
It could cause a, a giant, uh, beanstalk to erupt in the air.

Oh, man.
And out of the center body core, uh, could be a disaster.
Oh, that would feel great for a second.
For just a second.
Yeah.
Just don't munch the...
It makes your eyeball pop out of the fly.
Plastic.
Ladies and gentlemen, we, uh...
I was about to say, howdy.
Don't irritate the giant.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have another caller here.
Hello, you're on the air.
Yeah, um, hello, Dr. Spencer.
I'd like to talk to the sub-G.I.
Welcome to the program, No Money Mark.
You are...
It takes a giant to hold down.
You are a sub-genius icon, whether you know it or not.
Thank you.


But I have to be a little rebellious tonight.
I have to ask, uh, the sub-G.I., um, promises, promises.
You've been saying that the world is gonna end for years now.
Why would...
We've been right every time.
Right.
It has happened every time.
It is going to end on July 5th, 1998.
That's plain and simple.
Yes.
It's just that the rest of it is, uh, somewhat murky because of, uh, the primitive conditions
that prevail in the pre-X-Day world.
I messed up.
I hit the wrong buttons here.
We got a problem with our phone lines here.
Phony, bony phone lines.
Now, one of the lights is, uh, one of the lights is lit up here.
And besides, that question...
Indicating that someone is...
...is making me nervous.
...is on the line, even though they're not.
Yes, we should ask Dr. Frank Baxter at Bell Labs...
I was not trying to hang up on No Money Mark.
I was not.
...to see if the sun's photosphere over time...
He knew that.
...gave us any indication of when X-Day might actually occur.
We talked to Dr. Arnold Fenster of Columbia University.
Welcome back.
You won't be rid of me that easily.
Oh, good.
And here he is now.
Oh, good.
Uh, now, let's not have any more of those.
Those pesky questions.
Those are embarrassing.
Uh, you know...
Well, they can ask questions.
Why not?
We can stand the push of their feeble questions.
Surely we're not afraid of some, uh, questioning, uh, Pobucker out there.
After all, our mission is education.
We can withstand it.
Not only that, we can enrich their lives with our words and questions.
Is there someone here on the air?
We will answer.
These people need help out there.
We can...
We're going to give it to them, Dave.
We're not abnegating our responsibility.
Isn't that part of growth?
We're not abnegating our responsibility.





We're not going to let our friends be thrown into the fiery furnace, uh...
Until you become one of the giants like in the beanstalk tale.
I'm just saying...
What?
I'm just saying...
You've been proud of the end of the world for so long.
Why should we believe you this time?
...beamstalk tale, tall drink of water?
Uh...
The reason you should believe this time is because we're not saying that the world will
end at a specific date and time that anybody can mark on their calendar as they know it
now.
Mark.
Mark.
Mark on their calendar.
Mark.



And what evidence do you have that this is not going to happen?
You know that you can't prove a negative.
Well...
A subgenius can't prove a negative.
A double negative.
That's not...
We can't prove a negative...
You can't prove a negative.
But...
And yet science revels in taxonomy by saying things are not something else.
These days, in post-computer taxonomy, we talk about things that aren't other things
as a defining plenum.
How about this?
Why can't we do it with this?
Yes, you've got a problem against that.
It's not like what people say.
It's a series of paroxysms, of spasms, so to speak.
And things didn't hit off perfectly the first time.
I've known people who actually drink paroxysm because they think it's healthy.
They sell food-grade paroxysms in health food stores.
It just bleaches your navel from the inside out.
I've actually done an advertising slogan for those guys.
Paroxysm, Caesar the day.
Hail Caesar.
Caesar the day.
Well, you know, you've got to Caesar the day because perhaps only through a sort of pathology
can the true enormity of the problem be discerned.
It takes abnormality to understand and be in sync with abnormal conditions.
It's better than scissoring the day.
Caesar the day, my friend.
With the scissors of sight.
Well, it depends on what kind of scissoring you mean.
We're talking about removing.
It's about scissor sisters.
Little things that are growing on you.
See, that's what I'm talking about.
Well, it's a question of whether we are offering something which is pleasant and ameliorates a problem
or instead are just getting snippy with our blades.
Now, don't forget, I'm collecting all the stuff you guys snip off.
Yes, the snipper-gurie.
Yes, just like in the children's story.
It's lurking in the woods, kids.
It makes you find the sticker.
It makes you find puree.
Uh-huh, that's right.
Fine, fine puree.
It's a starter sauce, so to speak, for those of you who are a little bit younger,
perhaps a little bit older somewhere.
It is one of the mother sauces, actually.
But mind now, comrade, what I say.
Don't suck your thumb when I'm away.
The great tall tailor always comes to little boys who suck their thumbs.
Before they know what he's about,
he takes his great sharp scissors out
and snip.
Oops, there, thumbs clean off.
And then, you know, they never grow again.
Well, some have.
And that's another thing.
If you're a lizard.
You're going to have nightmares for weeks.
Mama had scarcely turned her back.
The thumb was sucked.
Alas, alack.
See, I didn't have a problem sucking my thumb as a kid
because it's kind of hard to suck your thumb when it's between down your...
Never mind.
The door burst open.
In he ran.
The great...
Tall, long-legged scissorman.
Oh, children, see the tailors come
and caught our little suck-a-thumb.
Snip, snap, snip, the big shears go
while Conrad cries out,
Oh, oh, oh.
Snip, snap, snip, they go so fast
that both his thumbs are off at last.
Mama comes home.
There Conrad stands and looks quite sad
and shows his hands.
Ah, said Mama.
I knew he'd come to naughty little suck-a-thumb.
We've got to get undercover.
The bombardment is already started.
You know, if this guy...
We have taken over your radio control.
Do we have another caller?
Control the elevator.
Well, when I heard him say neatly snip from his hands,
I thought he was going to say neatly snip from all of his hands,
which caused me some trepanation and some fear at the time.
You have to prepare for...
Of course, it's much trepanation.
A thumbless existence.
You've got to watch out for that.
Yep.
Our prehensile thumb is what aparts us
from the different monkey species.
No more.
Back to your tree, Jocko.
What?
You've rescinded that privilege
with your thumb sucking.
If you suck your thumb for too long,
you become a monkey.
You suck it completely off.
There's nothing left there but a stump.
Oh, Jocko, that reminds me.
Has anyone talked about the death of Alan Myers?
Ah.
The guy with the lemons, yeah.
The guy with the prehensile snippers?
Well, no, no.
That was the great, tall, red-legged tailor.
No money mark is referring to the recently deceased
original Devo drummer.
Alan won, or I guess he was just Alan.
They didn't have to number him.
As Alan was wrenched from this world.
Yeah, the slaughters picked him up early.
Well, there was actually a Devo drummer before him
who sued Devo for lots of money.


And they were still friends and said,
all right, all right.
Is it any wonder they switched to drum machines
with all the drummer troubles they had?
Back when Mark Mothersbaugh was a concerned subgenius,
he said, Stan, do you have a partner?
I said, yeah.
He goes, does he have a wife?
I said, yeah.
He goes, that's where the trouble's gonna come from.
It's a cryptic thing.
And I often wondered why he said that.
Because he was secretly the fifth Beatle?
The Thane of Fife had a wife.
That's how he learned? I don't know.
Well, a lot of water under the bridge.
Somehow we are the fifth Beatle
and we'll be discovered someday.
It's been like 70 years now and I'm still waiting.
I was the original fifth Beatle.
And now look where it got you.
Nowadays they're made in Mexico.
Mexico.
The history.
Endless police walks.
The so-called perp walk.
Well, at least Ringo made Caveman.
At least he made an animated dinosaur movie.
You know, what other rock star did that?
And he married his co-star.
And he was funny in 200 motels, too.
Kind of.
Yes, yes.
He was also not bad in The Magic Christian, too.
So, you've got to hand it to him.
And not to mention candy.
Special X-Day award.
Yeah.
Oh, don't forget.
Ringo is actually...
He did quite a lineup of interesting full-data movies.
He has.
Yeah, he played the hunchback Mexican gardener in Candy,
who I think takes the title characters Virginia.
You're talking about Gringo Star?
But no, he was not a Gringo.
No, he wasn't.
He was the hunchback Mexican gardener.
What do they call those guys?
I knew the name, but I forgot.
I'd forgotten it.
Knuckles, I think.
He is a knuckle.
No, that was Charles Lawton, who played the hunchback of Knuckle.
He heard the hunchback.
The full name was Hunchback of Nacho Cheese.
But those terrible scenes where the molten cheese was spilled down on the people.
Was Potter Nostril involved with that?
I can smell the cheese.
Yes, we all remember the Armenian movie classics version.
Recently restored.
They're remaking all of our favorite bloody nursery rhymes and Mother Goose stories.
Yes, they've already put Snow White out there with werewolves and vampires.
Now they've got Jack the Giant Slayer.
There were three Hansel and Gretel movies.
Thumbelina gets a sex change.
The other day, I...
I...
I...












I declined to download a movie called Hansel and Gretel Get Baked.
Oh, no.
That means the witch wins.
I guess it's just not PC to push an old bag into a nothing these days.
No, actually, in the main big Hollywood Hansel and Gretel,
they do, in fact, push a pretty scary-looking witch into a mighty oven.
How about the Ray Harryhausen version?
Now, is that the one that went unfinished?
No, he finished.
The one that was unfinished was finished.
You know, I've never met a scary-looking witch in my entire life.
Well, they pushed her into the oven.
I can introduce you to quite a few scary-looking witches.
I don't know.
Are they really scary-looking, or are they just, like, are they just obese?
They use back projection of flames in miniature sets.
That just kind of makes them cuddly.
No, no.
They are scary-looking.
They're not cuddly.
They're bony.
They're all elbows and knees, and they've got a severe grandma hair problem on the chin, too.
Dowager's hump.
Some people might find this appealing.
And then, of course, kind of a rolling gate.
Now, I'm going to be remembering that phrase for the rest of my days.
It's a feature of advanced old age.
Some parts of you grow abnormally, including those vertebral prominences,
which do produce the notorious dowager's hump.
So, in other words,
standing up straight won't help me.
It could help you, but you'll have that hump sticking out rather than sticking up.
Coming next from Unferry Tonic, Little Dead Riding Hood.
Besides, who knows what fantastic medical advances will come in even the new future.
They can whittle that hump into an artistic statement, too.
Sneer at government policies with which you disagree.
My kingdom for a hump.
When I get on my escape vessel,
them X-Men make me a special baby head,
a scary, mean baby head on the back of my hump.
Believe me, the body modification you see today is in its absolute infancy.
In the future, we will be rearranging the human body at our convenience
to take long space voyages and do other things.
It will be possible to move all that stuff around and put it back.
It just isn't quite yet.
Of course, you'll have to be able to afford it.
And affording a quality hump nowadays is very, very difficult,
especially in the market we're in, whatever the hell that means.
I guess it means a lot of people don't have any employment.
But in this market we're in, having a gleaming white hump of your own...
It can be seen on the horizon.
Lighting up the sky.
I had my left rear hump replaced by the surgeon just earlier this week.
Wow.
You can probably hear it running.
That's that cracking sound?
Like ice breaking in winter's thaw?
Yeah.
That's right.
That's coming out now.
I have a philosophical question for all of you.
Do animals have near-death experiences?
Yes.
I saw a couple weeks ago a chipmunk that had had a near-death experience,
as far as I could tell.
I see it lying in the grass.
No recording.
Underneath some trees.
I can only assume that it fell from a tree.
And it did not appear to be in the best of health.
In fact, it appeared to...
It could have suffered some kind of injury.
It could have had the air in it.
It was just forced to lie there on its side.
But here's the thing.
It couldn't walk.
It couldn't get up and walk on all fours.
But what it could do is jump up and flop over.
It was a jumping, flopping chipmunk.
And not only that, but it would jump and flop forward and spinning in a spiral.
New jumping flop.
It was the craziest thing I'd ever seen a chipmunk do.
I think some chipmunks are on drugs nowadays.
And they might have been doing the...
It was on PCP?
Does that explain those movies?
Or maybe it was a rescue ranger.
Could be.
Oh, cool.
Now, moles are known to have near-death experiences.
Because they'll be killed in a trap.
And report that they then felt that they were moving through a dark tunnel towards a bright light.
And they might have been.
Moles report that all the time.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, I get a lot of email from different barnyards.
Barnyards.
You know, actual large cows and things like that telling me of their near-death experiences.
Then voles.
I had a 43-year-old chicken just the other day email me and talk about the tunnel of light and the shinetoad.
I presume, well, Dr. Howell for sure understands the shinetoad or the glimmering, as they call it in German.
Yes, the shinetoad.
I did mention it in my book.
Buzzards have near-death experiences.
They seek...
They seek out near-death experiences.
The shinetoad, however, is more or less a state of what we would call suspended animation.
Life functions are suspended but may return while the body exists in a state of preservation, ideally.
That's where Ray Harryhausen is now.
And mild aggravation is.
That's where he is.
Suspended animation.
Right.
We'll dig him up as soon as X-Day happens and put him back to work.
Making monsters.
In a dark little studio.
In a dark little studio, yeah.
He has to watch people do computer graphics in hell.
Twisting the little figures.
I have it on good authority that does have near-death experiences.
And who says...
What about bucks?
...being a deer, a female deer?
Well, the buck and the doe dwell in the same forest.
Not as often as does.
Does have somewhat of a psychic...
I've had experiences where I was dozing and...
A deer.
A female deer.
...and thought I was dying.
And then I woke up.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la.
Is there a deer?
Do-re-mi-fa-so-la-ti-to-e.
You can't say that on the radio, man.
Yes, you can.
You can't say...
On the radio.
You can't say...
On the radio.
But you can live it like a man.
That's a different station's disclaimer.
Live it and live with it.
Glondy, you son of a...
Hold it like a pencil.
Okay.
Okay.








I don't know why nobody's calling.
Of course, I normally don't start the talk show until 11, but...
Yes, I'm sure the board will light up like a Christmas tree.
Then we'll have eggnog and open the presents.
Hey, wait.
Something's happening with line two.
We've got something on line two.
Faldiral and Fiddledeedee.
Line two is acting weird, too.
You can't catch me.
I'm the gingerbread man.
Let's see who it is.
I can't either.
It doesn't appear to be anybody.
Let's see.
There's nobody there.
Hello, is anybody there?
Is there anybody there?
Says the listener.
Okay, so it sounds like there was somebody there on line two for a second, and...
They were destroyed in a freakish blast.
Yeah, a tornado just hit their house when you picked up the line.
So, just a few days out of the news cycle, and I'm missing the fact about how the West is getting fried in the overheat of global atrocity.
Yes, indeed.
119 degrees in downtown Las Vegas, and that's where we're holding 16.
Next day.
Poor Tucson, Arizona.
Because the weather's supposed to be kind of nice in Wisteria this week.
Mm-hmm.
A little bit of rain.
No, we've been getting it easy.
This has been...
Lower 80s.
If you remember...
We had the first real winter in years this past year.
Last year, this entire area was declared a disaster area by President Obama, and there was no power.
Because of the derecho.
But, at Wisteria, the subgeniuses were well taken care of with all their power...
Hello, you're on the air.
...booked up.
...pocket of...
Oh, well, that was a little too much for some of our listeners.
Let's go over that again with instant rebate.
You can't.
Do you see what I have to deal with every week?
See, Dave, this is why you should call me more often.
Intermittent signal.
Because I have to deal with these morons week in and week out.
And, Dave, you're the kind of moron I can...
You're the kind of moron I can work with, Dave.
An oxymoron?

An oxymoron.
Oh, God.
Sorry.
Hello, you're on the air.
Hello.
Hello.
We have a new caller on the air.
I don't smell anything.
This is Dr. Zeronius.
Dr. Zeronius.
Dr. Zeronius.
Dr. Zeronius.
All the way from...
All the way from the Western lands.
Hail, Zeronius.
Princess Weege is reading Tawdry's novel for the second time.
Your third?
For the second time?
No kidding.
Yeah.
Is it dirty?
Well, it doesn't have any pictures, Dave, so I don't know if you'd be interested.
Oh, but the pictures it makes you have in your brain.
It's pretty funny.
And you don't even have to color them.
So, Dr. Zeronius, how are you planning to celebrate the end of the world there in Portland?
We're going to do the, you know, we're getting off the planet from the backyard of Johnny Brainwash.
There.
That's a good plan.
Because, you know, the saucers won't get you.
You should...
You should...
Although the X's didn't arrive to pull us away from this idiotic douchebaggery, we still got off.
This idiotic douchebaggery...
And we hope it doesn't really happen to the year this time.
I never...
I'm hearing all kinds of weird things.
And have there been signs and wonders, portents, strange things cited
indicating the end of the world?
Eclipses?
In Portland, there always are.
You have to look for the things that seem a bit more close to the center.
When the shooter dead, squeaking gibbering in the streets.
Oh, that's like a banana.
You always hear that crap going off about the end is nigh and whatnot.
The longstanding tradition in our town.
Uh, yeah, I...
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.








I don't know.
I don't know.




You know, lately I've been hearing that Pittsburgh is going to be the new Portland.
Pittsburgh?
Pittsburgh.
I've heard that said repeatedly that Pittsburgh will be the new Portland.
Yes.
Get ready now.
It starts with P, so there's that going.
It's very close to Cleveland.
I didn't have that going for it.
Yes, there is that.
I'm mistaken.
That's great.
And then they could do a television show about that place, and then everyone would move there
instead.
That'd be great.
I think Pittsburgh became the new Portland exactly two weeks ago.

Two weeks ago.
Pittsburghia.
Is it already happening then?
That's great news.
Like Samson of old.
We had a church tent show revival in Pittsburgh two weeks ago.
Was it two weeks ago?
It seems like it.
Uneternity.
It's just a week ago.
Getting out of town just ahead of the sheriff and his men.
We're getting too old for such antics.
Yes, true.
The sheriff has no head.
He never had a head.
Now, Portland has...
Isn't there a...
They're reading your book for the second time.
They said.
Do you want to talk to them?
The radio?
I'm going to put Junior on the line in just a moment.
Todd, hello.
Hello, welcome to the program.
Who goes there?
You are speaking with the...
I think I've handed the phone.
This is Synesthesia on WCSB Cleveland.
It's Ray.
And there's Reverend Stang and Princess Wee and Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
It's true.
Howell Robbins.
Yes, I hear.
I'm before you.
Dr. Howland Owl.
Reverend Tawdry was baptized two years ago in the Wisteria Pond.
And how did that work out for you?
I've never been the same since.
I wouldn't think so.
It is an unforgettable, unforgivable experience.
You mean you're still wet?
Yeah.
Behind the ears.
That Wisteria water has a unique feature.
It does not evaporate.
Eternal wetness.
Of course, it might have just been driving across the country with Doc Z,
as your traveling companion that caused that.
Well, that was part of it.
I do remember quite well swimming in the pond with Dr. Howell.
Oh, I guess I was there.
Because there was a very upset, large, pagan man.
His fez never got a drop of water on it.
That was the most amazing thing.
That was me?
I was an upset, pagan man?
Hmm.
Well, if you say so.
There was much offense taken to the hopping of the fence and the breaking of the rules.
Who hopped the fence and broke the rules that lived in the house that checked the rules?
Well, I don't know.
I never heard of this until now.
You know what?
One can't remember everything.
But I'm sure it was done in the spirit of interfaith cooperation.
And cognac.
And getting wet.
Right.
Exactly.
But it's hot.
Right.
The evaporation, don't you know.
It's probably good to forget.
Yeah.
So, let's also talk about the possibility that we will board our relief ships this X-Day
and begin to fulfill our true destiny as members of the Church of the Subgenius.
Should you say something about board?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
I guess so.
But they surely expected palaver about this subject.
I'm not subject to none other this evening on WCSB.
I have stood out there waiting for the saucers at 7 o'clock in the morning every July 5th for 17 years.
No.
Yes.
This will be my 18th year of faith.
Here, let me get out this Stradivarius.
Pure faith.
He's 18 years young.
And one of the babies, many, some of the babies who were at the very first X-Day are now fully grown mutants.
Bleeding sheep.
Bellwethers to lead the flock.
That's Dr. Dark.
He's one of those babies.
Oh, yes.
It's true.
Just think any kids conceived at the first X-Day drill then, they're probably going to be legal this year or next year.
And they're going to be mad when they come of age.
And it will be on display.
The first X-Day nose drill will be on display as a way of horrifying the other babies.
It's a multi-generational thing now.
Hmm.
I guess so.
Actually, I was just thinking about Reverend Alley Cat's daughter was born on July 5th.
Oh, that's right.
Born on an X-Day.
At X-Day?
No.
She was in Ireland at the time.
So it wasn't at one of our-
They can't blame it on us.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
There have been some X-Day babies.
Mm-hmm.
I wonder what that portends for them.
Poor things.
Over in Ireland, they have a subgenius baby born on the 5th of July.
Just like a proud, proud-
They call them leprechauns.
Born on the 5th of July.
Wasn't that a movie?
They can grant wishes and answer riddles.
An anti-cult movie.
Born on the 5th of July.
I'm a yacky, doozy, dingle.
Born on the 5th of July.
I've got three good feet and four good arms and one big, fat eye.
Glowing eye.
Glowing eye.
Glowing eye.
Yeah.
Speaking of big, fat pies, the annual-
Hmm.
I hate saying this phrase.
The annual X-Day cherry pie has been made.
Why do you share it with me?








I hate that phrase.
Well, because there's only supposed to be one X-Day and-
Oh.
They've always had that being drills.
The traditional X-Day-
After all the drills.
I was just-
That's like the phrase, next X-Day.
Well, here's the thing, though.
The world ends tomorrow.
That is the next X-Day.
And you may die.
Right.
Yes, that's true.
You may die.
The world ends tomorrow.
That's the caveat.
Is it ever tomorrow?
You may die, but not necessarily.
Notice that word, may.
It's not you will die.
You may die.
May die.





You may instead become a subgenius minister and live forever or as long as you want.
Like Achilles' tortoise in Zeno's Paradox, eternally plodding toward X-Day, it never
actually gets there because-
I love Zeno's Paradox.
In order to get there, it has to go half the distance before it can go the entire distance,
and it'll always be going half of the remaining distance-
I feel a-
Before it can go the entire distance, so it will never arrive, according to this incredible
logic.
You're a fan.
Now, I'm saying question.
Okay, so you can decide to die if you're a subgenius.
If you don't like it, can you come back?
Well that's not knowable, because it's something from the world to come, not this world.
If you must die, here's what to do.
Jump in Bob's pipe.
Let him smoke you.
And the smoke of that burning going, goeth up forever.
Or, well, alternatively, you can let him chop you.
And he can hook you up and huff you up into his third nostril.
And chew in tobacco.
Yes sir.
Or like he could let you become a waveform.
He'll snort you into-
Like a waveform that would just go on through, you know, and just keep going.
It was so embarrassing when I came back from my lunch break at work and somebody noticed
a little white smudge underneath my third nostril.
That was the dottle.
Glad it wasn't my boss that noticed.
The dottle of Bob's pipe.
Bob's dottle.
It was a toot.
And-
That telltale white drift.
You don't know what that is.

Well guys, time flies, but it is now after 11 o'clock.
We want to continue plotting on or maybe change discs.
A good plan.
Oh, right, right, right, right, right, right.
Yes, synesthesia will be right back.
Special edition, X-Day preview.
Special Olympic edition.
And now, we have returned.
Here we are once again.
I filed some paperwork about our phone lines.
That's what was taking us so long.
Man is born under trouble as the sparks fly upward.
Sometimes they flow sideways too.
I want to hear more about little Suckathumb.
I like that name.
Well, he wouldn't obey his parent, his mama.
And so she showed only cold approval.
When he showed his mutilated hands to her silently after she returned from her trip.
I'm going to start calling everybody that.
Okay, whatever you say, little Suckathumb.
Hmm, little Namby-Hamby.
That sounds like an old joke I once heard.
Fancy pants, little Lord Fauntleroy.
The old joke I'm thinking of is, I don't know, there's some Native American tribe or whatever.
A kid was asking his father, father, where do the names come from in our community?
And the father said that, you know, well, the tradition is that when a baby is born, the father steps outside the tent and the first thing he sees is the child's name.
You know, like your cousin Half Moon.
That was the first thing your uncle saw when your cousin was first born.
And, you know, your sister Running Water, you know, after she was born, first thing I saw when I stepped outside the tent was the river.
So why do you ask this question, little two dogs fucking?
Beep, beep.
So it's after 11.30?
Yes.
We have already aired the disclaimer.
Oh, great.
Now we can relax, scratch, put up our feet, smoke cigars.
Oh, what was it, Stan?
Well, the word wasn't said in anger or obscenity.
It wasn't used in an obscene manner.
It was used in the scientific sense.
It might be objectionable, but we warned them.
Well, you get one even in a PG-13 movie.
It's just a word.
It's a word.
I can't believe you say that.
Well, I don't know that.
You told me that the other day.
We were watching Jack the Giant Slayer, which is a kid's movie.
The MPAA took my baby away.
And there was one use of the F word in it.
But I have heard that, you know, if you use it more than once, then your rating has to go up to an R.
And I even chose, I had a chance recently to choose a rental movie.
And so I chose the one that was awesome.
And I chose the one that was R, thinking it would be better than the one that was PG.
But the moment the movie started, the protagonist said, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
So that was why it was R. The whole movie was as PG-13 as possible.
But because of that, they had upped the rating.
And that's what the MPAA does.
We've got another caller here.
I don't make calls.
Hello, you're on the air.
Call up Jack Valenti.
101 damnations.
We'll have a damnation.
I don't make calls.

We're a plantation where each generation can roam.
One of our favorite hit and run callers.
Vivisection station in our damnation plantation home.
Actually, it's funny that he would say, nobody knows what happened to racist caller.
It's funny that he mentioned 101 damnations because one of the goofiest examples of the use of the F word in cinema that I can recall is the movie Four Weddings and a Funeral.
Which came out sometime in the 90s.
And I think it had Andy McDowell and Hugh Grant in the opening of the movie.
They're late for something.
They're waking up and they're late.
And he just starts saying, oh, fuckity whatever.
And like all these different creative spins off the F word.
But I saw this in Mexico with Spanish subtitles.
And they just like the subtitles for that whole sequence was just the word maldicion.
Maldicion.
Bad talking.
Damnation, literally.
I saw a Chuck Norris movie in a movie.
In a tiny little theater in Bolivia.
No, no.
It was in Brazil.
And it was Spanish subtitles.
And when Chuck Norris said, oh, shit.
The subtitle said, ay carumba.
They even spelled it wrong, huh?
They even spelled it wrong.
Ay carumba.
Hello, you're on the air.
Did you know Opie was a homo?
Hey Andy, can I borrow Opie for a minute?
This is why we don't take calls on our Slack.
Yeah, we have delay on our station which takes care of things like that.
It's always helpful.
Hello, you're on the air.
Hello, I am too.
And this is why we do take calls on our Slack.
Now everything is better.
What did you think?
I followed instructions to the last letter of the law.
I purposely, I filled out my dossier.
I did all of the prerequisite arguments in the first and the frontal part.
And then after I was retrieved, I came back and I did it again.
I did everything as per plan.
Everyone's got a plan until they get hit.
You want to make the exes laugh.
Tell them your plans.
I'd like somebody to make somebody laugh.
I would like the exes to make us laugh.
Oh, they'll make us laugh uncontrollably.
And will it be a bad thing, Dr. Howell?
Well, that's...
It depends in indulging in the luxury of hindsight.
Because we will not be our present selves.
What we become may find what the exes do to us the subject of great amusement.
And even a kind of joy.
A kind of an inverse, um, inverse pain.
Inverse suffering.
Yes, exactly.
Kind of the negative of suffering.
The, uh, solarized portrait of suffering.
But it's still on the same axis, isn't it, unfortunately?
Well, uh, it's still somewhat shaped like the, uh, vanished human nervous system.
Gone like the great temples of yesteryear.
Vanished indeed, too, as well.
Done away with for good, not just vanished.
Lovely, uh, active living liquid.
Which we've always called slack.
The core.
The essence of all.
Yep.
Well.
Ah, no point in these clumsy alchemical methods to revive it down now.
These ships are like the whaling, uh, ships of old.
Which, uh, trim your blubber down in the tri-works into liquid slack.
You know, slack was actually discovered by, uh, Sir Isaac Newton as one of the, uh, side effects, or one of the, uh, unintended consequences of his, uh, work in alchemy.
Along with Sir Alfred E. Newman, who knew that enough blubber would keep you crying for a long time.
Yeah.
Sir Isaac Newton bored a hole to let the kittens through the door.
And when he'd counted twenty-one, he smashed them with a Remington gun.
You didn't know that, Stan?
No.
I didn't know that either.
Professor Ryan.
Yes, he did.
He did.
He bored the hole.
I'm just saying, to let the kittens through the door.
Well, you know, you should read Newton's, uh, biography.
He did many interesting things.
Uh, did he, uh, insert needles next to his eye and move his eyes?

Did he, uh, tie around using the needle in order to...
Now that I haven't heard.
He invented the transorbital lobotomy.
Put needles in my belly, take samples of my skin.
I don't care as long as I can be with saucermen.
I don't care if you're some kind of ghastly fiend without a face.
So come on down, you saucermen, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Hey, I've got a new one.
I have a new song I just wrote.
Oh yeah?
There's no message in the bottle.
Bob's dottles on his wattle.
If I only had no brains.
It's cute.
I just had to, I had to, I had to rhyme dottle and wattle as Hal has done before in Subgenius
Hands.
And wattle and dob rhymes with Bob.
That's the wattle and dobbed thatch huts that some, uh, who believe in the mortification
of the flesh.
You see these penitents outside Ex Day lashing themselves with the old broken pieces of Coke
bottles on wire and so on.
I can look down on the tossers from my safe seat on the saucers when I finally get some
slack.
There you go.
Geez.
I feel like I'm in the, in Leonard Bernstein and Oliver Cukram or Hans Dixon.
I'll be flopping and a-twitching, a-scratching and all-eaching.
Hello, you're on the air.
No, they're not.
They decided not to.
Line two is working now.
Hello, you're on the air.
You know, I am an argumentative child.
I have smacked my mommy ten times.
Hello.
You like to argify, do you?
We got a new caller.
This is Radio Synesthesia.
You just stepped in it.
Oh, hey, Dr. Sinister.
It's Janice.
Hey, Janice.
Oh, that's Janice.
Janice.
I told you Janice Blackseed was going to call.
Good to hear from you, sir.
Are you calling from a Colorado number?
Yeah.
No.
This is my number.
I'm living in Denver now.
Oh, wow.
How about that?
Wow.
Oh, yeah.
Denver's a good call.
I know why you moved there.
It's a mile high city in so many more ways now.
Oh, now you broached the unbroachable.
Yep.
The storm's getting worse out there.
Yep.
It's the phone lines here on WCS.
Back down hatches, boys.

SB, we got a state of the art everything here, but our phone lines sound like garbage,
so.
Did Dr. Janice Helley get reduced from the airwage?
I think that Janice stepped in it, and then he slipped and fell back in it.
Something about airwake, you say?
Yes.
Man, the wind is picking up out there.
It really is.
I know.
We might all get blown away.
Yeah, well, I have the snake on fire, so, you know, it's hard to get a signal out of
here, so.
Freeze flying by.

No, it's not you.
It's not you.
It's me.
I'm sorry.


That's, is that the forest fire in the background?
We're hearing it?
It could be the ten mile wide tornado.
It's encroaching in on us, and, you know, we'll soon be surrounded by flames.
We got another caller.
I only started a couple of them, I swear.
Okay, we have another caller now, so let's go to that caller.
But what if it's Janice?
We could hear him through this firestorm.
No, no, there's room for many.
We're Sinister.
Why, hello, Big Johnson.
Hey, how's it going there, Sinister?
I wanted to hear your voice tonight.
Well, I was hoping to hear yours, too.
Yeah, hey, um, I was gonna say something.
We were talking about this, and I was like, well, I don't really like your voice.
Dave, you still with me?
Janice's gone, too.
These phone lines are intolerable.
I actually called off my talk show about two weeks ago.
It was two or three weeks ago.
I just said I can't do it.
This is impossible.
Ironically, Dave has no buzz and brings clarity.
Yes.
Yeah.
The Dave line is the only one without the extra sound effects.
Whatever you say.
And I think how we get scolded for playing MP3 or for playing God.
Or for playing God.
Yes, I'll say it.
Yes.
Playing God.
Playing with God.
My favorite pastimes is playing at God.
I wear a silver crown and sit on a throne and give orders to the universe.
Not order, but order.
So is Janice still on?
No, Janice was gone.
And hello, you're on the air now.
Hello.
Hello.
Oh, Lord.
It's not a Google phone.
It's a real phone.
It's still...
There's Google all over that phone.
I'm hearing strange things.
I went away for a minute.
I came back.
You know what I saw on my computer the other day?
A thing came up.
A little icon came up that said user contrast.
And then below it had some number of kilohertz.
What sound?
What's my sound card?
What's going on?
It hates you, Dave.
It hates me.
It's just that simple.
That's what I was afraid of.
It's a conspiracy of one computer against you, Dave.
Time has run out.
There's going to be some kind of conspiratorial, you know,
interference with trying to just call up my buddies and hang out for a minute.
But gee whiz, this is something fierce, isn't it?
I do expect the conspiracy to interfere with our attempts at communication every step of the way.
I've just kind of gotten used to it over the years.
If you study propaganda, if you study social...
If you study social control, this is what they've done for a very, very long time.
And they make it seem like it's so simple.
Yeah.
Oh, Lord.
Nobody knows when the phones are going to work or not.
Like you handle that pretty comfortably there, and I sure admire that.
Now, which color is this?
Do we know?
I'm just totally confused.
It's Dr. Ronius again.
I finally...
I'm a little bit less confused now.
You sound a lot better.
Hold your finger right next to your place in the script like this.
A big difference is I can hear you now.
I had to...
I had to put my funny device in my ear, brain thing, and now...
He's so funny, I could hear myself.
Certainly a lot less confused than I was before, too.
Dare I take another caller here?
Yes, you should.
Oh, nope.
Nope, they're gone.
Well, there went that opportunity.
Well, let's imagine what it might have asked.
We'll say, ask Dr. Howell sometimes.
Why don't we ask Dr. Howell if he can psychoparametrically...
...conceive of what that caller might have in whatever dimension that exists...
...that he might have, you know, said or asked?
That caller wished to complain about some minor variation in an abstruse point of subgenius doctrine.
And I don't know that we have the time to get into such hardcore theology.
There's that fart sound effect.
Yep, that's another caller coming in.
Yes, that's...
Hello, you're on the air.
Whoa!
Whoa!

Whoa!















It's shouting.
A plaintiff.
They're crying out.
Bob?
They're later.
Bob?
They're crying out in the storm.
Bob?
Bob?
Oh, my.
Oh, my God.
This is amazing.
Bob?
Gosh, this advances in communication.
It really is something.
Yes, this has to be the most entertaining show ever.
Welcome to my world.
After all the callers...
Participants and...
You see these tools I have to work with, Mr. Napier.
Also, a lot of audience participation there.
It's nothing to be worried about.
Exactly.
If you're going to have your thumb cut off, it might be.
Bear in mind that there are all kinds of little, little, little, little teeny sardine-sized caveats
floating around in this here subgenius church.
And a lot of them have to do with getting off.
You know, I love sardines.
Getting off this planet, you know.
Unacquired taste.
Yes.
Fell off the vegan wagon.
Sardines was one of the first things I went for, actually.
So salty.
No, man, I got them without any salt added.
Oh, really?
I was just craving cholesterol.
Pure little fishlets.
Yep.
Skeleton, brain, eyeballs, everything.
It's all edible.
Have you ever had the halibut steak in a can?
No, but I smelt them.
Hell, I bit several of them.
How about Amsterdam, where they have those cod stands?
Where everybody's...
The best fast food is cod.
Lovely cod.
It's a good thing, especially with the chips have the mayonnaise on them.
Or Croatia, with those rat stands, where everybody's got the rat on the stick.
And they listen to great music, too.
That's not Croatia, that's Pomerania.
Well, anyway...
No, it's Pomeroy.
It's not Pomerania, it's Pomeroy, Ohio.
The Pomeranian...
But there are a lot of...
Sight of X-Day.
Pomeranians there.
There are a lot of Pomeranians in Pomeroy, but...
Pomeranians.
Pomeranians.

There's a poma, poma, poma, poma, pomeleon.
Parma, police, arrest this man.
Boy.
You see, my friends, it's time for the world to end.
Can we rewind this show?
Once you were a man, once you were human...
Let's play it back in reverse.
It sounds a lot better.
More straight to the point there.
Oh, yeah.
Didn't we do this last year?
Weren't we in the same room?
And I was making the same dumb jokes a year ago, too.
We're doomed to repeat this loop until they actually occur.
Those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
And it sucks more every time.
Oh, imagine that.
You're on the air.
It's Janice again.
Hello.
Hello, Janice.
Welcome back.
So you're in the Windy City.
You're in Chicago.
What's happening on the Janice side?
Well, we are thinking about who to rub out next.
I like Denver because the area code is 303, and that's one of my favorite drum machines.
And then there's Bob Denver.
There are other things that have to be paid for.
It goes well with the 808, which spells, um...
That's the Hawaiian area code, and I don't like Hawaii.
I don't like Hawaii.
Boy, that wind is picking up again.
You can hear the wind.
Hello, you're on the air.
We'll return to Subgenius Goes Hawaiian in a moment.
Yep.
I can't hear a blame thing.
Speak up.
I hate this.
It's only getting worse.
I hear the forest fire.
It's getting worse and worse and worse.
The conspiracy.
The conspiracy.
The conspiracy is trying to censor the X-Day Broadway.
Okay.
You guys always think.
But that's another thing.
The Brunhilde look.
You can't hear your own head.
If your blood pressure is high enough, you can.
If you have any blood on the other hand, I'd be very, very worried about talking to these people.
You can't lick your own back.
Well, you know, let's not be too certain.
Actually, I had a special surgery that removed a couple.
Ribs and a couple of vertebrae.
And now I am capable of licking my own back.
Thank you very much.
Where did you get that done?
That's exciting.
Same place Marilyn Manson had his work done.
What do you?
I managed to get like one vertebrae in the very first part of my lips.
And then once I had it there, I held it there.
And actually, I had a lip transplant.
I had the lips transplanted into my vertebrae.
And you have to swim with the rest of them.
But the lower part, the coccyx.
The part where the...
Coccyx.
He said coccyx.
I think they teach that in downtown, but I...
Important nerves.
Hello, you're on the air.
As with all that work done, you're the hunchback of sinister dame.
I'm going to try cutting out one of the lines here and see if that helps.
So, nothing personal.
And now it still sucks because we got someone on line two.
Hey, Janice, I got to hang up on you too.
What's going on?
Nothing personal.
Well, there he went.
Sounds good suddenly.
Janice Blackseed.
But we are glad he called.
Maybe we can only take one at a time.
Maybe we should just try...
As long as they're not on line two.
Juggling one caller at a time.
I don't know.
I'm getting kind of tired of this, but this is a good time to pause for station identification.
Station identification.
Station identification.
Station identification.
Station identification.
Station identification.
You've been listening to the subgenius radio ministry.
Hour of...
Slack.
For free information, write to P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 or see www.subgenius.com.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
