This is KNON 90.9 FM Dallas.
I'm Robert Wisdom, and you've been listening to the American Music Party.
Hello! Praise Robert!
And now, if you'll excuse me...
This is KNON 90.9 Dallas, Texas.
This is KNON 90.9 Dallas, Texas.
Hello!
This is KNON 90.9 Dallas, Texas.
This is the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
I want to create diversity of the forms.
Open to my words.
You that divide and multiply it.
Hear my sounds.
I make yield league to you.
Ancient associates and fellow wanderers.
You that move the heart in fur and scale.
I join with you, you that sing bright and subtle.
Making shapes that my throat cannot tell.
You that harden the horn and make quick the eye.
You that run the fast fox and the zigzag fly.
You sizeless makers of the mole and whale.
Aid me, and I will aid you.
You.
I make a blood pact with you.
You that lift the blossom and the green branch.
You who make symmetries more true.
You who consider the angle of your limbs.
Who dance in slower time.
Who watch the patterns.
You rough coated.
Who eat water.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Just get set and get going.
Recording.
Everything is going fine.
No trouble.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Recording.
Everything is going fine.
No trouble.
Just get set and get going. Amen.
Recording. Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Get set and get going. Amen.
Bob?
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Vov, vovo stavo, vovo stavo,
Pravo, Three.
Bü Cheers folks.
Oscar and a lot of Eiwit исследanis verbose music y'all.
Boo boo boo boo boo.
Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind
every time you say, see, hear, or think.
Bob?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
We will control the horizontal.
We will control the vertical.
Well, we take our initiates and we string a little tendon between their heels
and drag them three times around the radio station before beginning.
Then we dip them in the sacred waters of the sludge.
And what exactly does this do for them?
Well, it causes them to forget everything they've learned
and prepares their mind for the slate-like impression,
the imprinting of the true subgenius.
For the next hour, sit quietly and we will control all that you see and hear.
You have to turn on the machine.
This is Radio Yerevan.
We got you, boy.
We got you, boy.
We are conscious of our responsibility and obligation to provide programs
which will be enjoyable, entertaining, and tasteful.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
Copyright 1986 by the Subgenius Foundation and the participants.
And now you are ready for the final...
200,000 mile voyage to the moon.
We subjected it to careful editing
to eliminate elements which we might consider in questionable taste
for late night viewing.
As it will be shown, it is well within the restrictions of the television code
which is even more restrictive and stringent in many areas
than the industry code.
We are sensitive to the concerns
of the public and the public.
We are sensitive to the concerns which prompted your letter
and assure you that this network will continue to adhere
to the high standards we have maintained throughout the years.
Thank you.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius.
The power of slack!
Welcome potential initiates and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Gosh!
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
Awe yes, it's so good to be back on the air to deliver.
at least some slight modicum of that ethereal and elusive slack.
Friends, it's been a long week for me.
I've just spent the last 17 hours saving old, cool-looking,
wise and Chinese peasant faces from the cutting room floor.
But that's all over with now, friends,
and it's hour of slack number 47 just before the pledge drive.
Yes, next time you hear from us, we'll be screaming for money.
And, friends, you better be ready to give.
Be ready to give.
Shoot, give to the Soul Oldies show coming up next,
and then give to the next show after that.
Give and give and give.
K-N-O-N will be so glad to take and take and take
and to once again deliver the goods to you for another few months.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Praise God.
Well, so this is, once again,
not the...
the promised and long-awaited subgenius anti-drug hour of slack.
I just couldn't get it together to do a theme show tonight.
I had to indulge my own slack here, friends.
So instead, we're going to reach out and try to save us some souls
the best way we know how on a moment's notice.
We'll have the subgenius weird news coming up pretty soon.
So, praise God.
This is the
tattoos
bag
band
on
the
stage
and
this mainly
for
music.
I found myself a friend, someone I could believe in until the very end. I found myself the devil, he was sitting in a bar. He bought me 15 rum and cokes and then he went too far. Now the devil is my friend, the devil is my friend. Wherever I go, the devil will go, the devil is my friend.
And now at Easter, I'm feeling mighty low. That dirty rotten devil, he said he had to go. Dirty stinking devil, I'll shoot him with my gun. He made me mad, the devil spied, the devil is a bum.
But the devil is my friend, the devil is my friend.
Wherever I go, the devil will go, the devil is my friend.
And Godzilla is my friend, Godzilla is my friend.
Wherever I go, Godzilla, Godzilla is my friend.
And Shidenko was my friend, and Brezhnev was my friend.
And Andrew Bobby just popped up, now Gorbachev is my friend.
Frank Sinatra is my friend, Frank Sinatra is my friend.
Wherever I go, Sinatra goes, Frankie is my friend.
And blood and rockets are my friend.
Blood and rockets are my friend.
And Stingy, and Kevin, and everyone around the bend.
And the queen is my friend, and R.E.D. is my friend.
And Idi Amin, you know what I mean?
Was someone who meant to be a party hand.
The devil is my friend, the devil is my friend.
Wherever I go, the devil will go, the devil is my friend.
Stay tuned.
Subgenii.
But nothing too intense with a lot of responsibility.
The Cootie.
The Cootie.
The Cootie.
The Cootie.
The Cootie.
The Cootie.
The Cootie.
The Cootie.
The Cootie.
The Cootie.
The Cootie.
The Cootie.
gauge shotgun and i stuck the barrel in my mouth the couture administered by himself
joe had a heart attack put my thumb on the trigger at that very moment jesus just rushed right into
maroon what happened jim but the light was so bright you know 12-gauge shotgun and i
stuck the barrel in my mouth the coup de grace administered by satan himself
it's that very moment jesus just rushed right into maroon what happened jim but
But the light was so bright, man.
Yeah, the world is a bloody mess.
So what else is new?
Texas Park, so what else is new?
Texas Park, so what else is new?
Texas Park, so what else is new?
Texas Park, so what else is new?
You said that you loved, but it happened together.
You said that you loved, but it happened together.
But I say you're wrong, we're just on the dawn of correction.
But I say you're wrong, we're just on the dawn of correction.
But I say you're wrong, we're just on the dawn of correction.
Yes, callers, you're all wrong.
We need a sludge, not slag.
Well, there's going to be sludge on this earth.
In a high abundance for anybody who needs it.
Sorry, some of that slag is there to help you.
Is there a loss of quiet parts on this show?
Sometimes for good reason.
You will be able to pummel like a pummel ball between these huge messages hidden inside the quiet parts on this show.
This is the key.
If you can reach 7 a.m.
With what?

With this show.
Then you will know that you are already in the night.
Yes, but for most people it's just too late for this planet.
Are we puzzling, Evan?
No, no, no.
This is just a tape.
Yes, we Pink Boys were sitting around here looking at your radio show.
Or the week between.
Well, we're really quite concerned.
The fact that you realize that Pink Boys are the first step.
They're not actors.
Hmm.
Well, how do you think?
I'm not sure I want to take it.
You think it could be a late subject?
I think I will be putting up a long show for Mr.
Doocy Morey.
Oh, rain.
It would have to будем a bit.
You know why you need such a few miniorgt.
Airwire.
Anh.
Two I guess.
You better.

Well, Jean, Sun and so on and so forth, they make the question.
Oh, really?
That was the voice of.
All I have to do is sell.
Also.
soul. And we will give you that chapter.
Do I have a soul?
I'm not sure if I do.
Most people have two of them.
And most people, they're inactive.
The doctors can't activate
those souls.
Yes, Dr. C.
Has this been hurt so much
you just can't see?
I had a friend that had 666 souls.
Oh, yes. Imagine that.
I'm trying to fit all those together
into one single brain.
All right.
Ladies and gentlemen,
this song introduces a new
genre in country and western
music.
Gospel.
It's gospel music
for people who know they're going to hell anyway.
It's a little thing called
Legs of Fire.
This is Doctors for Bob.
Okay.
Well, I
thought I could get
away
with sauna
on our wedding
day.
Preach to me and said,
boy, better put away your song.
But I said, I don't
cotton to no God's county
law. But that song
was stolen. At least that's
what they said. So I
wrapped up in asbestos from my
waist up to my head.
I wrapped up in asbestos
that I got from
Greg's. I only wish
I had enough to cover
up my legs. So I've been
sinning, sinning, sinning, but
I ain't no liar.
I'm burning, burning, burning
my legs, my legs, my legs of fire.
Oh, my
head's dry and cool.
So's my arms and tool.
My torso,
even more so.
But I ain't no liar.
Now I'm burning, burning,
burning my legs, my legs, my legs
of fire.
Well, I was selling hair,
when at the elementary
school, preacher man
said, boy, you know that
isn't cool. The good
Lord come to me, said
my time was up.
When I asked why God, he
said, because that horse was cut.
They were shooting up in the
bathroom. Yes, you know
it's true. But they
were not getting off until
my soul was through. Oh, I've been
sinning, sinning, sinning, but I
ain't no liar. Now,
I'm burning, burning, burning, got
legs, got legs, got legs of fire.
Oh, my
brain ain't in no flame, and
my shoulder ain't in pain.
But my toes
need a hose.
But I ain't no liar.
Now I'm burning, burning, burning,
got legs, got legs, got legs of
fire.
Well, I was stealing cars
for God to try to get in well.
But when my judgment
came, he said, you'll have to go
to hell. It's true,
I gave my son, he said,
to pay for all your sins.
But when you fought me that limo
chain, or the door was dented in.
Oh, I've been sinning, sinning,
sinning, but I ain't no
liar. Now I'm burning,
burning, burning, got legs, got legs,
got legs of fire.
Oh, my head ain't on
the line, and my arm is
doing fine. But my knees
are crying, please.
But I ain't
no liar. Now I'm burning,
burning, burning, got legs, got legs,
got legs of fire.
Well, I was
bashing Grandma's head with
a railroad tie.
The good Lord come to me
and said, why did you lie?
When I said, why did I
lie? He said, you must
confess that ain't your Grandma's
head at all. It's just a
bloody mess. Oh, I've been sinning,
sinning, sinning, but I
ain't no liar.
Now I'm burning, burning, burning,
got legs, got legs, got legs of
fire.
Well, dear friends,
well, that's my cue
to junk that one out.
And, well, let's do
some of this, this, uh,
I'm gonna, this is
something I've been wanting to do on the show for a long
time, and that's read the
Fortean News.
Folks,
get a little background here.
Ah.
Listen
to that slack.
No, that's not slack.
But, you know,
when you can't get real slack, false slack
is better than nothing, right?
Uh,
friends, this station's
been running on.
False slack. For a while, you're gonna have to give them
some of that real green slack out of
your pocket. Dig me?
Baby? When time comes,
cause, cause you owe it. We're gonna have
to do a show about guilt.
That's what our pledge drive show should be.
It should be the guilt show.
It's the way the other churches
do it. Anyway,
dear friends, this is,
this is, these are all news, uh,
items from the Fortean Times, the
Journal of Strange Phenomena,
done by a group of latent
and,
and, uh,
declared subgeni in England.
London, England. The first one here
actually is from the Dallas Morning News.
$50,000 in coins
kills guard. Yes, this
was a guy who guards money,
friends. Riding in the back
of an armored truck was
killed by a load of
$50,000 in quarters
that crushed him when he slammed on the brakes
to avoid a swerving car.
So, uh,
100 boxes of quarters weigh in
and 2,000 pounds toppled onto this
poor guy, Rand
Arachelian. He was, what a way to
go, friends, killed by
that which he thought might give him
freedom, and which I could use
some of myself. Here's another one.
The luck runs out for the human lightning
rod. Now, you folks remember Roy
Cleveland Sullivan, I'm sure,
the retired forest ranger of
Waynesboro, Virginia,
who's listed in the Guinness Book of World
Records, uh,
because he survived
being struck by lightning
seven times.
And in 1983, at the age
of 71, he succeeded by his own
hand where Jupiter's bolts had failed.
He shot himself and was
finally earth-grounded, folks.
And during
his 36 years, he got to be a celebrity
for his, uh, affinity for
this, the mighty electrical fluid.
In 1942, he lost
a big toenail to lightning, and in
1969, his eyebrows were
blown off. His left
shoulder was seared in 1970,
and his hair set on fire in 1972,
after which he always carried
a few gallons of water in a can
in his car. The amazing thing about this
guy was that he once remarked
that he could see the lightning
traveling towards him.
Whew!
So watch out there.
Uh, oh, yes,
and the Ministry of Agriculture
official in England warned
of a new breed of super rat,
which is spreading across Hampshire,
about three miles a year. It is immune
to conventional poisons
and breeds fast. One pair
of these mutant rats can produce
200 young a year.
So, now,
friends, Bob predicted all of this,
all this stuff. Every one of these
things was predicted by Bob. Look to
Dateline for dominance. Look
to the prescriptures, friends, if you're
doubters, if you're gonna be doubters.
All right, let's see
what else we have here.
Brains!
Who needs them? A scenario
for Eraserhead 2 was played out
in Columbus, Ohio, when Dale
Elder, 22, walked into the police
station where Officer
Dan Canada was manning
the information
desk. In response to Canada's
query, Elder said, yeah,
I need an x-ray. I want to make
sure I have a brain.
They took me
brain, quote unquote.
Then Elder reached
up to his forehead and began
tugging at a thin wire protruding
from it. Blood started
to trickle down his forehead,
Canada said. At first, I thought
he was pulling his hair. Then I
realized it was a wire, and I yelled,
hey, Sergeant. Elder had pulled about
three inches of wire out
of his skull before the officers
handcuffed him. They took him to the hospital
where doctors removed the remainder
of the wire. Elder said he
had drilled a hole in his
head and slid the wire
inside to check.
If he had a brain, he
felt no pain throughout the adventure,
friends. Now, some of you
amateur subgeniuses out there
keep trying to open your third eye
or your third nostril with
this trepanation techniques
with a power drill.
Those of you who do that,
I believe, have probably lost your marbles
before you ever picked up that drill.
In the central Philippines,
a 15-year-old boy of the Mangyang tribe,
about 100 miles,
South Manila, was swallowed whole
by a python he disturbed
while searching a cave.
Other tribes managed to
kill the snake and cut it open, but the
boy was dead when found.
That calls for a different piece of music,
friends, I'm afraid. Let me
dig about.
This ought to be suitably
mysterious.
Oh!
Yeah.
Just fine. We can plunge down.
Further into the depths of horror.
Here.
Oh!
The new monkey girl.
A new wild girl,
about eight years old,
was discovered in Sierra Leone,
Leone, and her name has been given the name
Baby Hospital.
Doctors say she's more animal than human,
seemingly brought up by apes or monkeys.
Now, obviously, friends, this is,
you see these humanistic,
normal scientists,
they can't recognize a yeti.
They prefer not to believe.
They believe that some humans
may be descended from the
so-called abominable
snowman.
Um, her hands and arms
are remarkably strong.
She walks on all fours.
She eats from her food bowl
with her head down instead of using her hand.
And this is the part that
proves that she's one of us, friends.
She has resisted attempts to
quote, civilize her, unquote,
and spends most of her time
crying and looking lonely.

longingly towards the jungle.
And related to that,
here's some news from our friends in China.
Um,
they're so convinced,
the Chinese scientists are so convinced
of the existence of ape-like wild men
in the Xinongjia region
of Hubei Province
that a portion of a national park
has been designated a special reserve
for these Bigfoot creatures.
And they have done
tons of expeditions out there,
and evidence indicated the creature
which seems active in 13 of China's
29 provinces, when fully grown,
is more than 8 feet tall
and weighs about 550 pounds.
And those of you who've done your homework
would know that these creatures
also smell terrible.
There's also stories in here about,
this is, once again, this is the Fortean Times.
You can write,
I don't want to give their address over the air
because it's really long, but you can write
for information from the Church of the Subgenius
and we'll tell you their, um,
their address.
It's a magazine you can subscribe to.
It comes out quite a bit. There's an incident in here
about a 15-year-old boy in England
who drove a car
seven miles in his sleep.
Um,
plague hamsters, which have gotten loose,
they were injected with a virus
and were missing for two weeks
from a New Haven, Connecticut.
Uh, yeah, this was a virus
which affects the human nervous system
with invariably fatal results.
And yet these guys,
these scientists said there is no cause
for alarm. So,
uh, you know, how these creatures
teleported out of the laboratory
is another thing entirely, but
well, we'll get back to the tapes here.
There's amazing stories in here
about all the awful things that people do
to each other. Well, here's a religious one.
This is the last one I'll read.
The 62-year-old Pentecostal preacher
was about to baptize a boy in front of a congregation
in Stockholm.
Pentecostal baptism is by total
immersion, friends, and Swedish
priests are electrically heated.
The preacher, standing in water up to his waist,
was handed a microphone
and was electrocuted.
Friends, that's why, that's why we don't
do full immersion in the subgenius
church. We do pill
immersion. Let's hear from
Sister Chris with the subgenius
show in, uh,
in East Orange, New Jersey.
Doomsday.
Doomsday.
Doomsday.
Doomsday. UFOs and the
Space Brothers want you to
survive. UFOs and the
Space Brothers want you to
survive.
Doomsday.
One night,
he was awakened by the hum of a high
voltage electrical transformer.
It sounded as though it was right in
his room. He got up
to investigate, searching out the
noise. He found a neon sign
in his fridge, flashing the words,
Oral Gratification, in vivid
pink letters. Something turned
green behind him. He spun
and saw another sign had splintered out of
his wall. Suddenly, neon
signs began popping up everywhere
he looked. He didn't know what
to do, so he went back to bed.
The humming of all the transformers
kept him awake, not to mention
the bright flashing light.
Sometime later, a fuse blew, and
he gratefully fell asleep.
Doomsday.
Doomsday.

The UFOs and the Space Brothers
want you to survive.
Doomsday.
Bianca was afraid to leave the
apartment without the cool uniform
of distinction worn by
all the other mutants.
A heavy gauge polyurethane
wetsuit-like trousers
required the body to ship
like a sack of potatoes.
Burlap and fiberglass
form the tunic.
It's an alien problem.
It's an alien problem.
Oh, I've never seen one.
You know, the visits from aliens
need not be a painful item.
It can be quite an exciting time.
I don't personally have any
desire to have any...
It's like meeting Bob. I don't want to do it.
I just need to...
He'll be coming up also.
Oh. He's checking her for her
foot gland. Oh my, I can't watch this.
Punch up five for me, please. Thanks. Yeah, thanks. My video is...
a little bit strange. We're going to go right now
to another song by Glass Madness here on Live Tape
in the studio.
.

.
.
Whatcha gonna sing about
at five o'clock in the
morning?
Yee-haw!
Talking about Bob Dobbs in the
church, everything in a whole big mess on the
floor. Just like
a disorganized first church, a disorganized mess on the floor.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
across the page at this very moment as you try to read your radio is inevitably and subatomically
decreed your brain is working without your machinations of a cosmic puppeteer who works
your string so skillfully you never knew they were there until now feels good doesn't it oh it feels
so very good when i've got the strings pulled tight but we can show you where the strings are
attached and how to sync up with the puppeteer well they say life after death reincarnality
psychic powers immortality invisibility nirvana communications with higher challenges slack
slack slack so long it only takes a few seconds to stare at the fabulous mystic diagram on the
back of the book of the subgenius but once you copy like palmer readings you will be transformed
into another world yes jehovah one has yet two other books that are coming up and two heads
they'll sometimes pelt the earth with strangeness his angels are eons the green energy art demons
yes the art demons scribble stuff
you
all over the pages and spread it all over the airwaves and media waves but we must do more
we need money for ammo coaching housing and surgery for the gifted young and old ministers
who have sworn to protect america against the conspiracy machine throughout the 1980s
yes that was nomoji the malaysian telling you about the short-term effects of membership in
the church or foundation of the subgenius thank you sahib and i would also like to say
buy the book of the subgenius from the grail hill yes 10 times his normal side no no don't don't do
that don't do that
friends it's 10 times its normal size it won't fit into your living room it won't fit on your
coffee table anymore it's too big listen don't do that but but write the check to knon and not yet
not yet do do that you know for the next show or next week on the hour of slack we're going to need
it friends we're going to in order to prove that anybody listens we're going to need your uh
support you're not just visible but uh you know palpable support in the form of ounces worth of
dollar bills maybe even pounds of them uh now uh speaking of callers there we boy i just got a
i wish i could put calls on the air but we we can't do that until we get like a seven second
delay because the reason for that is we can't trust subgenius callers to speak uh in in under
conspiracy restraints they just won't you know leave those those those taboo danger
words you know they so we can't do calls but i got one a minute ago that i really would there
two a minute ago i would have loved to put on one was from a an artificial intelligence and the other
which which was probably a lot more so than the than the natural organic one that also called
which was with the question what are you guys trying to do like what i said well we're trying
this is the church of the subgenius everybody knows that we're trying to uh to save or
destroy our lives and we're trying to uh to save or destroy our lives and we're trying to

the minds or souls and or souls of the of the listeners and and uh i mean he says trying to
save or destroy save minds i said save or destroy so uh he said well aren't you trying don't you
want people to listen i said well some people you know not you necessarily and and and uh so i don't
i guess i guess some of this music just and the sound effects see they they can't see they just
yeah they just aren't they can't drive down central expressway and listen with their windows
open and their air conditioner off and feel that grit from the highway and that noise and and
considerate music they just don't consider so i don't know i don't know i guess you know it takes
all kinds certainly
you
takes all kind where would we be without the normals dear friends where would we subgeni be
without the normals i mean we'd probably be a lot better off admittedly but you know who would do
all that stuff that normals i mean it would be a world of chaos it would be slack but at the same
time it would be a it'd be almost like too much you know but as bob said too much is always better
than not enough and that reminds me of the too much that you need to i mean you think
30 bucks next week when when we do the pledge drive is going to be too much but friends
i think you know at 30 bucks that'll help it'll help it might you know we i don't know
this is the rain makers
i always play something commercial one commercial song this is a song about the before life
friends this by the rain makers it's a
set you can buy at the store and it's about the afterlife or the before life as we call it
which will be followed up by
well me and mark twain were having us a ball telling each other lies
looking down from the bull with a bottle and a worm and a
clear
oh we were fishing for secrets where the catfish crawl the mississippi river
going downstream we can go for mexico somewhere downstream meet the atlantic ocean somewhere
downstream going to meet you in the water somewhere downstream
so
well we picked a pair of truvans floating down from independence we said what about the war he said
couldn't win so he said what about the bomb are you sorry that you did it he said pass me that bottle
and mind your own business and the mississippi river flowing downstream meet the gulf of mexico
somewhere downstream meet the atlantic ocean somewhere downstream going to meet you in the water somewhere downstream
downstream
We were out of St. Louis
And heading for the coast
When we picked up Chuck Berry
In a little rowboat
With one oar in the water
And one in the air
A lightning rod for a white guitar
And life is struck once
And life is struck twice
And I said if there's a God
He sure ain't nice
Chuck said God is an Indian giver
I don't trust nothing
But the Mississippi River
And the Mississippi River
Flowing downstream
We could go to Mexico
Somewhere downstream
We could go to Mexico
Somewhere downstream
Gonna meet you in the water
Somewhere downstream
The Mississippi River
Flowing downstream
Meet the Gulf of Mexico
Somewhere downstream
Meet the Atlantic Ocean
Somewhere downstream
Gonna meet you in the water
Somewhere downstream
In short I'm a bobby
With you the cultivator
I'm gonna meet you in the water
I'm gonna meet you at the sunset
On the other side of the river
And rockin' like I'm in Mexico
It's a wonderful summer

deal with some rain

Tryin' to past you
Never expected nothing
Take it with a flash
To the investment
Of my life
Selta's gonna find you


We've surfed the Mississippi several hundred times.
One time I got on the back of this boat behind the barge and surfed all the way down to New Orleans.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, I don't want to get too far away from the subject, friends.
Once again, if you just tuned in, we have with us in the studio here on the Hour of Slack,
KNON 90.9 in Dallas.
Texas, FM.
As our guest, the fantabulous swinging love corpses, dear friends.
This is also known in some incarnations as the Cubs.
Here in the studio live, dear friends, Dr. Philo Drummond and Dr. Sphinx Drummond,
the two of the three guiding tools of WOTEX.
Dr. Sphinx is a great man who keeps this incredible band.
And I know that you can't believe that we've got the swinging love corpses here on KNON, on this station.
I want you to know that none of the other stations could get these guys.
They couldn't get past the agent secretary, friends.
But the swinging love corpses are here because they're doing it for Bob.
That's right.
They're taking time out from the show.

And they're busy schedule.
This Dr. Drummond, I...
Reverend Stang.
Philo.
Glad to be here.
If you don't mind if I call you that.
Yeah, welcome to Dallas.
Boy, your show last night at the Coliseum in Fort Worth, it was kick, man.
It was crack.
It was a lot like crack.
I was jacked up and stoked out on my fun thing.
I couldn't believe that.
I was just looking at the audience participation, the way they threw all that money on the stage.
I was digging on those keyboard riffs on Good Board, Bad Ride.
Or Bad Board, Good Ride.
I'm sorry.
For a minute there, I was like...
I don't know.
I mean, that's the one that went platinum for you guys, right?
There was just so much.
Yeah, that was our...
That and Poop Dog Hat.
Yeah, second platinum.
State of Emergency.
I thought Poop Dog Hat had gone platinum.
That's the new...
That will go platinum.
It's...
All right, that's right.
You guys have a new album.
That's right, friends.
And you're going to hear it here on KNON first.
The Swingin' Love Corpses' new album.
And is that Le Petit Main's Disciples?
Right, Le Petit Main's Disciples.
Le Petit Main was one of our mentors.
He was a famous French artist.
And what was his canvas?
What was the canvas of the great Le Petit Main?
Well, actually, Le Petit Main could manipulate a certain...
area of his body in such a way as to produce sounds.
He could play five notes with his body.
And this was not...
The flesh horn?
The gas pipes?
It was more like the gas pipes, I would think.
Pyroflatulations for you subgeniuses out there.
Can be musical.
And Le Petit Main was the...
You can read about him in any great history book.
Le Petit Main had his own place near the Malin Rouge there.
In Paris.
And he used to play music with a little horn through his...
From his...
Neither Lung.
Neither Lung, right.
And he was able to...
He could blow candles out from a foot away.
Yeah, he'd blow candles out from a foot away.
He could expel water up to 12 feet.
And so thus, you're...
He could suck water and expel...
And I understand that in your show last night,
you made the attempt to do that,
but then the Fort Worth police at the last minute
had heard about you doing that in Miami.
I understand there was some trouble in Miami.
The fans went nuts.
Well, they didn't understand it.
Everyone else wanted to try to do it.
I mean, they thought it was something new.
They didn't realize that Le Petit Main had pioneered this, you know,
over a century ago.
That's right.
And, well, that's the conspiracy, friends.
So the new album, Le Petit Main's Disciples,
and I've never...
Notice you've got, like all 1,000 Doctor albums,
it's a double album.
It's got just the songs here.
Let me run through these.
Just Another Doctor Song,
Something's Wrong,
Little Jazz Poot,
Drizzlin' on the Hershey Highway.
That must be one of your free AIDS songs.
Right, right.
Yeah, human interest.
Right.
We were trying to make a statement there
in regard to some of the plight of some of the poor,
misguided individuals in this country right now.
I've noticed that this band seems to be one of the more caring bands.
I understand that you played in the MeAid Festival.
Right, we were in the...
With all the other Doctor bands.
Right, it was right after Us International,
and we managed to hitchhike down to the MeAids International Festival,
and we were part of the MeAid Festival.
And became one of the Me.
Right, we were one of the official Me generation.
We actually signed the papers to indoctrinate and incorporate the Me generation.
That's beautiful.
That is such a meaningful statement, and I'm sure it helped.
So many of the starving bands, and yeah.
Yeah.
I know Doctors for Bob did really well there.
Doctors for Bob didn't raise quite as much money.

as they would have been expected by a band of their caliber.
But...
Now, is this professional jealousy here, Dr. Drummond?
That I detect?
I understand Doctors for Bob...
We only know the bottom line, you know.
The Doctors for Bob hit, Told the Judge, went platinum at the same time as Poop Dog Hat is going to, right?
Right, well Told the Judge, that was before the lyrics were released to the public.
And after that it was actually banned.
And of course that caused the sales to go up considerably.
I understand that Swinging Love Corpses is now banned in several American cities.
Washington D.C., at the riots.
Well, ever since our...
When you opened for James Brown.
Actually, since we, on our Lepidomanes Disciples Tour, we've been banned in several locations.
It has something to do with our stage show.
But in the past we've met with really good reception by local artists.
And we've had a lot of good audiences.
They always have to buy a whole lot of extra fire insurance whenever we play on this tour.
Yeah, because of the Bobbies out there.
The Pyroflatulation.
The Pyroflatulation, right.
Well, I hope you fans out there are listening, you know.
There's, I mean, concerts are like life.
That's right.
Don't act like cattle at a roundup.
When we were...
The Pyroflatulation is something to do in your church.
Your, you know.
Your place of worship or your own home.
When we were on our...
Your recording studio.
When a bunch of old ladies get together after a garden club meeting.
Well, friends, praise Bob.
That was, that's an excerpt from the Swinging Love Corpses interview.
And, well, I think it would take them forever to get into the next song.
So here's the next song, Swinging Love Corpses.
They're here.
Thanks, Dr. Drummond.
This is a song called...
Well, let's just call it a bummer.
I had to censor the chorus.
Let's just call it a bummer.
This is a bummer.
Two hundred thousand people killed in an industrial accident in India.
It's a bummer.
Oh, bummer.
Hurricane killed 25 in Florida.
It's a bummer.
A real damn bummer.
Oh, bummer.
Oh, bummer.


I took that man to the office first.
It was a bummer.
He is the enemy, bummer.
It's a bummer.
Oh, bummer.
One hundred and fifty thousand people killed in an earthquake in Mexico City.
And he tells the people that he's a North American child
Bummer
There was a guy in California that couldn't get a snout one night
Bummer
Bummer
Real
Bummer
I burned my finger the other day
Bummer
Bummer
Bummer
I had to tear my band-aid off
Bummer
Real bummer
Bummer
Trillion dollar deficit
Bummer
Sort of a bummer
I don't believe a thing
I ran
I ran as the hundreds involved
Bummer
My insurance rates just went up
Bummer
I had to tear my band-aid off
I cut myself shaving
Bummer
Bummer
Bummer
Bummer
Bummer
All 12 million people die
in an earthquake
in Southeast Asia
Bummer
Bummer
Bummer
End of an era
Dinosaurs are killed
Bummer
Bummer
Bummer
Bummer






And friends, thanks to the Swinging Love Corpses there for that.
That was there.
You all remember that hit from 1967.
Bummer.
Actually, that's a new version of that song.
I redid it just last year, and you can hardly tell.
It's almost exactly like the one before.
Now, friends, you know, I was going to play a tape here,
but I got to get on and rant because I got to thinking about this hate Bob caller.
This guy calls up, and he doesn't like Bob.
And that's fine because we like the hate Bob callers.
But that's all.
Friends, the reason I like them is because they make me hate so much.
We can hate them because we've got Bob and they don't.
You know, them, they.
The.
Others.
And, you know, when they say things like, well, who are you trying to.
I mean, like, you expect people to.
Are you trying to get people to listen to this?
I mean, you mean you're doing this in Dallas, Texas, and they haven't killed you yet?
Well, you know, when I turn on KON, I don't always expect to hear something I might like.
I expect to hear stuff that.
You know, that's not for the mainstream normals, you know, like when I turn on Saturday mornings,
I'll turn on the radio and hear the Vietnamese news show.
That's all in Vietnamese, and I'm not going to listen to it.
Mainly because I don't speak Vietnamese.
But that doesn't mean I hate the show.
That doesn't mean I think, God, what are they doing that Vietnamese show for?
What do they don't mean?
Don't they?
They want people to listen?
Why are they talking in Vietnamese?
I mean, friends, we're talking in subgenius jargon, and it's fast.
I mean, it goes by quick.
This is a show that we encourage people to tape and listen to on headphones because you can't assimilate the word of Bob easily.
It's not like a TV show.
It's not like the love boat.
You know, and it's also not like the other religious shows you get to listen to.
Now, people may.
You know, I figured usually the reason somebody doesn't like the hour of slack is because of religious reasons.
They just won't admit it because they're a little embarrassed, you know, to speak up for their own religion.
And because they also because they're offended for religious reasons.
And, well, I'm real sorry, but some of those other religious programs offend the living daylights out of me.
And I don't call them up and say, get off the air.
I'm tired of hearing.
I'm tired of hearing about how we're supposed to send money so we can be saved by your new Cadillac, Reverend Falldown.
And, you know, it'd like to make me drop a geyser, don't you see?
Because these kids out there.
Well, anyway, friends, those of you who are listening for the first time to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack, this is what it is.
This is for the church.
Church of the subgenius members.
And those of you who are believers in Bob who may not have actually signed up.
But I can tell you where to write for information.
I can't tell you much else besides where to write.
But just ask for the free info pack from Bob, dear friends.
And get those pencils and pens ready because I'm going to give that mighty, mighty number.
That's Bob at P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
I'm going to give that number again.
And send those prayer requests, friends, to our mighty guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
I'm sorry.
He never gets to speak on the air because he's supposedly been assassinated.
And he's supposedly dead for the last two years.
But I don't believe it.
Oh, I've got to let the next DJ in, friends.
So it's time to listen to a little bit of the here.
This announcement from the record contains important information for radio.
Program directors and is not for broadcast.
Home users of this record may disregard this announcement.
The following cut has been cross-format focused for airplay.
As you well know, a record must break on radio in order to actually provide a living for the artists involved.
Up until now, you've had to make these record-breaking decisions on your own.
Relying only on the perplexing intangibilities of taste and intuition.
But now, there's a better way.
The cut that follows is the product of newly developed compositional techniques
based on state-of-the-art market analysis technology.
This cut has been analytically designed to break on radio.
And it will, sooner or later.
For the station that breaks it first, the benefits are obvious.
And no matter what share of the market you do business in, no other release is going
to be quite so suitable for your corporation's current idea of good radio.
On this cut, we're working together on the same wavelength.
In scientific harmony.
But remember, this cut is constructed for multi-purpose.











We're working together to create a future where all the market-breaking can be done.
And we're working together to create a future where all the market-breaking can be done.
We've done the hard work of ensuring your success.
The final step is up to you.
Special designer song follows in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Special designer song follows in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Poster
объяс elastic
crystal















Just a minute!
Just a minute!
Just a minute!
I can't hear a thing!
Quiet, please!
Quiet, please!
Is there any escape from noise?
Oh, there's so much noise!
I can't hear the music!
Is there any escape from noise?
What orchestra is this?
No!
Is there any escape from noise?
No!
Is there any escape from noise?
No!

No!
Ah, dear friends, this is K-N-O-N 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
And what you're listening to in the background there is Negative Land off of the new, that's an unreleased album, folks.
You can't buy it.
Hope you had your tape decks running.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Oh, but keep your eye out for Negative Land, they're great.
Well, Ron Lindsey's here with Soul Oldies.
Friends, you're gonna have some more...
Oh, what?
Maybe the slack doesn't end with the hour of slack.
Maybe there's more slack to be had yet.
Hey, there's slack everywhere.
Yes, that's true, friends.
Praise God.
Slack is where you find it, and, uh...
Oh, let's see.
I guess it's about my time to get out of here.
Let Ron take over.
Help me, somebody.
That's what all the villagers said.
And then they said, it's Bob!
And then they all started to say, praise Bob, praise Bob, praise Bob, praise Bob.
And then they started to sing to him like this.
Oh, Master Bob!
Oh, Master Bob!
You are the hero of us!
Oh, Master Bob!
Master Bob!
Oh, oh, Master Bob!
Master Bob!
Master Bob!
Master Bob!
Master Bob!
Master Bob!
I'm watching,
