And now it's time for the hour of slack.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
I'm afraid the hour of slack is going to be a real slacked out one tonight
because I'm still feeling it from the holidays.
And I don't mean false slack either.
I mean real nice down home family slack.
Let's just see what happens when we push this beautiful little button.
Nothing at all.
I'm a pretty operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
I'm a hell of a slacker!
No trouble.
Just get set and get going.
Aim.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Welcome potential initiates.
And remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Bob?
Bob?

The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind
every time you say, see, hear, or think.
What about slack?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Welcome.
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang,
sacred scribe of the First Orthodox Megafist Temple Lodge
of the Church of the Subgenius,
with Pastor Buck Naked of the First Naked Church of the Subgenius.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of this radio station.
This sofort.'s And I say before I read the sermon, the message concerning Bob Dobbs, influenciant from Samas但 Scovell, living avatar of slack and saint of sales, on planet earth. Para que, debido al sermel, slave avatar noistles que leood bien al planeta y como agente de la vida, lo mejor áован a la无continente, narqu Derek Boamente, son ser apáinesso incapaz del anecdote del planeta. En cuanto al ser humano acabado de ser un ecosystemscémperio,ato suную fellowsidad en sus vidas. fusionando este �asta Capit Vernado. Verdad. Segundo rundado por este Clausino, que es abuelo de la mitad de losuales. Y un sello adictivo que está en una separation conspiradores ability. therefore a ser una multitudini la hay para alberted雪 Möglichkeiten del planeta. on planet earth. Hablan en esta지만ongente o sea la conforma. woratícatos
The show that you now hold in your hands.
The show that you are now hopefully listening to in headphones.
This show could create a new inquisition, my friends.
A self-perpetuating fascist state that will last to the end of humanity.
Or it could be the foundation stone of the promised kingdom of peace and harmony.
Which will it be?
Sometimes, my friends, a show goes too far.
Sometimes is now.
Because you, yes friend, you can rape your own mind.
You can finally relax in the safety of your own delusions.
This show, an epispastic for the brains of the epoptics.
Beholders and initiates.
Works an authentic gnostic magician spell that will drive out the foreign personalities and end demons.
Protected by its own occult roots in the most extreme forms of para and mecha psychology.
This show places the listener within a shell of weird phenomenon which must be used for good and evil.
This show has already given secrets.
It has given secret power to the church of the subgenius.
The world's first industrial church.
The prophesied end times cult of screamers and laughers, scoffers, blasphemers, mockers, sinners, and the last true holy men in America today.
Keep this show near you.
In your pocket.
In your bathroom.
In your glove compartment.
Study it.
Play it over and over again.
Memorize it.
Find within its tapes.
A new direction.
A new way.
A higher, yet lower, reality.
Just as thousands before you have done.
The church of the subgenius is an order of scoffers and blasphemers dedicated through total slack.
Delving into the mockery science.
Future, sadofuturistics, megaphysics, scatilography, schizofreniatrics, morealism, sarcastrophy, sinisac, religion, apocalyptianomy, espectorationalism, hypnopediatrics, and more.
Subliminalism, satyriology, dysto-utopianity, sardonicology, fascisticism, ridiculophagy, and misolatheistic theology.
Ah yes, friends.
Well, this is like I say, this is a slackful show.
Pastor Buck Naked hasn't arrived, like he didn't last week.
I would like to say to anyone who's watching this, this is a slackful show.

I'm sure many of the guests, hosts of the Hour of Slack, I'm sure that quite a few of you were hoping to find out just where the show was going to be this time.
Whether it was going to be up in Bob's jet plane, or in the station, or out in the car, camping out, or what.
And I was, friends, I was out of town.
I was in Glen Rose, Texas.
They were doing a test start-up of the...
nuclear reactor out there.
And I had to go out and do some research and bathe in those beautiful mutating rays.
Because, friends, that's what it's all about.
And, well, this show, I think we're gonna...
Like I say, it's been vacation time in Glen Rose, bathing in radioactive rays.
And I think I'm just gonna play whatever I want to, cause it's slack, and that's what it's all about.
Now, let me see.
What my little list here says.
Oh, well, what better thing to do?
We don't have any guests tonight, yet.
I'm praying that they may show up.
But, in the meantime, we'll explain the Church of the Subgenius.
Or at least as close as we can come to an explanation.
Friends, I know there's listeners out there who've heard all this before.
But there are so many things.
There's gonna be thousands of more who need to be reached out and saved.
And, uh, because, you know, we have to save you, even if it kills you.
So, try to put those headphones on or listen very closely.
Or else, just turn this off.
Because otherwise, well, you may get left out in the cold or in the heat.
Remember.
The end of the world may be much worse and take much longer than you thought.
The mere act of sitting in your home watching everything fall apart on TV may be too much
for even the stoutest brains to take.
In fact, the more alert and intelligent you are, the quicker you'll likely be driven to
suicide by the sheer hideousness of the world.

The more you'll likely be driven to the utter darkness of what you'll be seeing.
Will you be ready?
Will you still be sane enough to laugh when that which must come to pass comes to pass?
Will you ever get slack?
Break out of that glass box.
And join the Church of the Subgenius.
In a country where freedom of religion is guaranteed by the power of God.

And where, at the cost of the Constitution, anything is likely to develop.
Enter the Church of the Subgenius, billing itself as the weirdest cult on Earth.
What do they believe in?
Everything.
Who do they believe in?
A mysterious character named Bob.
Bob is the culmination of that to which man has aspired throughout his long and slackless history.
Bob is what will bring slack to planet Earth.
And to you, young man.
Bob founded the Church mainly to help unmask the conspiracies.
And we're talking about the conspiracy.
What's next?
Just believe in the power of the dogs.
I believe.
Believe in Bob.
I believe.
Reach out for him.
I believe.
You feel the healing power.
See, there you go.
See, now, do you remember anything?
Does it hurt?
No.
See, no problem.
No problem with Bob, right?
Yeah!
All right.
What's next?
Basically, two factions out there right now.
It's us and them.
Friend, have you ever heard the expression,


there's no slack in this world?
A lot of people have to ask me what slack is.
And that's sad, mister.
They were born with slack.
Oh, yeah, you were born with slack.
But the conspiracy took it away.
The conspiracy made you want to be normal.
That's what the conspiracy is all about.
The conspiracy is a patchwork of different things.
Some are nations.
Some are products.
Some are...
Some are hypnotic television shows.
Some are bad pills.
You'll find us if you find Bob!
And you better find Bob right now!
And no one has ever met Bob.
The leader of our church, no one has ever met.
Because as you know, all cults, their leaders are usually pretty hard to find.
And Bob is no exception.
Bob will help you.
Dig your own weirdness.
I was getting messages in the back of my brain.
I didn't know what you were talking about.
I was getting messages in the back of my brain.



You know what I'm saying?
I just kept hearing the word Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
They said your mind is in this jar and then they poured it down the sink.
So geniuses are the class of people who can't be classified.
Bob has taken winos on the street and turned them into millionaires overnight.
By the same token he has taken millionaires and given them the slack they always needed
all along as winos.
Okay, one more time.
We are the first non-tax exempt church around.
We're the first industrial church.
And we're not disputing any of your belief systems
because we believe in just about every one of them anyway.
Up there, my child,
there dwells the one true God
who created all living things.
The true God is the moon.
No end, Hylia.
Bob is fill in the blank.
I am Bob. I'm not Bob.
You are Bob. We are all Bob.
We are all Devo. We are Bob.
Bob will protect you.
Bob is protecting the genetic future.
Let him. Let him into your life.
Let Bob protect you. He wants to protect you.
He must protect you. He has to protect you.
Jehovah One says,
Bob!
Bob will protect you.
If you send a dollar.
And I have so much I would like to say.
What the hell?
It's a very good thing.
Sometimes this doesn't make much sense.
It's realistic.
The second question is what?
What's happening?
Is this a miracle?
What kind of a miracle?
Is this a parable?
What's the point?
Lay your hands on the radio.
Lay your hands on the radio.
Lay your hands on the radio.
Lay your hands on the home.
And we're going to look to God.
I love you, Bob.
And I'm okay.
If I keep moving, I'll go up.
Yeah!
All right, man.
If you keep moving, he's going down.
If the last 50 years made such a change,
just imagine the New York of 1980.
When everyone has a number instead of a name.
And the government tells you whom you should marry.
Just imagine 1980.
I like to roller skate.
Go walking around.
I like to do things that are different.
Yeah, someone with a lot of energy.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Okay, your code number once more?
237.
237, and you're calling from Dallas.
Right.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Hi, you're on hotline.
Yes, my code number is 238.
238.
Thank you.
Amen.
We're living in terrible, perilous, chaotic times.
Praise the Lord.
And these times are not going to get any better, my friend.
Amen.
They're going to get worse and worse.
Opium is still the primary plan that the United States has
for dealing with its people in the event of a nuclear attack.
There have been six cases of breast cancer, one bladder cancer, and one throat cancer.
There's a God who is a God of love, and there is a God who is a God of judgment.
Two sides.
A mockery of everything that's decent and wholesome.
I challenge you to point out national talk shows that do not belittle sexual fidelity, purity.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.











But they do not belittle the marriage union and the family lifestyle.
But they don't, uh, literally flaunt illicit lifestyles.
I mean, I challenge you to show me a talk show that doesn't make light of God.
The Subgenius Foundation, the Reverend Ivan Stang and Dr. Philo Drummond.
And they are, as we mentioned before, the dual heads of the Subgenius Foundation.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, known among salesmen as the saint of sales.
Uh-huh.
it's actually a mystic sales ability bob was given powers uh and has been given messages all along by
alien entities intelligences um in outer space or maybe all around us that are
literally fingers of the stark fist of jehovah one alien space god from some sin galaxy
this is the stage now to super crowd
authorities
bob dobbs came to town to set you free he came to now to set you free you got no business being sick
you got no business being in bonding you got no business living out of sin you got no business
living with outside unfortunately this is the one true church bob
you know that's the one that protects me from demons and i got a lot of them
all the whites aren't crazy who are we we're the normal people the most normal people in the world
but not quite as normal as you why you're unique it's natural everyone's unique
but you stand apart from the crowd you're normal
normal
Normal is a typical herd of sea cow.
Normal is an exploding stellar nebula.
Normal is the world in which we live.
And what could be more normal than that?
Certainly not the competition.
How do we stay so far out in front of a pack?
By building a racetrack decoy ideology with the pickup of a domestic and the maneuverability
of an import.
Who are we?
We're the communication people.
The people whose talk is strictly state of the art technology.
Is disposable.
Reversible.
Reusable with almost any leading brand of idea, including our deluxe line.
Yours.
Sound costly?
Put away that semantic checkbook.
Now communication can be done.
It can be yours at a fraction of what it cost Grandpa.
Why clutter up your world with a lot of hard to perceive subtleties?
You either like a thing or you don't.
And in your case, it's the former.
That's why we like you.
And that's why we're always looking for quicker, easier ways to tell you so.
Slogans.
Jingles.
Logos.
Ways of reaching out and touching you the way you want to be touched.
Slightly.
Who are we?
We're the real people.
The people who make you real.
So real you can almost hear yourself.
More real than you've ever been before.
But then...
you've never been at all before us.
In fact, nothing has.
And not even very much of that.
Not even this sentence.
Because when we say disposable,
we could mean just about anything.
Who are we?
We're the other people.
The people other than you.
People so other we're opposite, yet so people,
you'd never guess we weren't the real thing.
The people who are almost you,
but couldn't quite make the final pre-season cut.
Still skeptical?
Try this simple test.
Listen to my voice now.
Notice anything?
Now you know how we feel.
Separate.
A little gone.
Slightly repeated.
Like you, only over again.
We can't help noticing.
In fact, we have an old saying.
Hi.
Why do we say it?
It's a tradition.
Like I said, we're old fashioned.
We don't much care why we do the things we do,
just so long as they're the right things.
Because even though the newer the better,
deep down inside, you know the new is wrong.
It's different.
So it could be a mistake.
If it wasn't a mistake, then why didn't it happen before?
Because you see, we don't really want to know what we're doing.
We want to know what we're supposed to do.
And that's why you're here.
You take all the crazy random things we do we can't even explain ourselves
and put a good solid reason behind each and every one of them.
Because you don't really care what happens.
You want to know what's supposed to happen.
And that's why we're here.
Who?
Who are we?
We're you.
You don't settle for less.
You don't have to.
You're you.
We're nothing without you.
And within you.
And someday you'll be nothing too.
Don't you think it's time you said,
Hi?
Call now.
You remember our number.
Void we're prohibited.
Everywhere.
Hurry.
While the customer lasts.
Supply is limited.
In fact, we have an old saying.
Bye bye.
Bye bye, Michael Pepe.
I am somebody who blessing myself

All I need today is that氥















I see things
Hands and shades
A faces
Makes me everyone
Have come to see you
Reaching up but not quite touching the promised land.
I hear pleas and prayers and a desperate whisper saying,
Oh Lord, please give us a helping hand.
Yeah, yeah.
And way down in the background I can see frustrated souls of cities burning.
And on across the water, babe, I see a weapon sparking out the sting of death.
And up in the clouds I can imagine UFOs choking themselves and laughing they sin.
Those people so uptight.
They sure know how to make a mess.
Hey!
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
guitar solo
solo
solo
solo
solo
The world is equal proportions
Of bull's eyes and bull's dick
They were bullies and they were fools
Now there's no one to listen when they talk
Adam's still the same
On the eve of destruction
Not unlike the way
We split our jeans
But like the way
We split our jeans
But like the way
We split our jeans
We split our world
At the sea
Someone calls
A space limousine
Hypno-hypno-sy
With dreams of destruction
I'm not going
With Adam's blue eyes
Whippin' me
While he dreams his sweet dreams
The names to his dreams
In the scene
Someone calls
A space limousine
Basic training in the ghetto
Basic training in the ghetto
Pop the bottom off
You took it
Yeah, there's the logic library
Some of my best jokes are free
Dancing, drinking in the ghetto
Dancing, drinking in the ghetto
Talk about your mama, you took it
Yeah, there's the logic library
Some of my best jokes are free
The pathways in our genes
Whisper our worlds so soon
Yes
Space limousine here
Space limousine here
I read you loud and clear
Give me coordinates
See there isn't a second away
Not a second, second, second away
All aboard, right on time
Pass that wall, nine to nine
We'll climb
We'll climb
илось


I see this estavam
That light
That人
It's light
It's my wish


I see your world
I see your world

Let's beạan
In the daylight
Oh, don't go out without a sign, oh!
face fats wise up snap out of it friends you're fooling yourself if you think this society
this Western tinker toy cage of overpopulation it's gonna last another 40 years they've done
things to the atmosphere the oceans and the Earth's magnetic field that you don't know
about notice any funny weather lately things will get a lot worse before they get better
pal and any person place or thing that tries to tell you otherwise whether on
the radio or voice in your head is part and parcel of the conspiracy conspiracy around
the conspiracy and the mega conspiracy spiral well beyond this planet in nets of covert
manipulation the TV news leaves out a few facts here and there this is a warning danger danger
you poor devil
things are more mixed up than you ever dreamed what was up is down the priorities are all screwy
you're fretting if your hair looks okay while some new kind of bladder cancer is bursting out the
front of your designer jeans yeah this is bad talk nobody will listen to anything else you won't look
at TV unless there's body parts or cars jiggling or crashing on it you won't taste your food unless
it has some nerve drug in it you haven't used it enough you're gonna have to go to the doctor's
your other senses since you were five and you sure as hell won't stop what you're doing now until someone much bigger much stronger and much much more self-assured makes you stop and you'll thank him for it and then just before you fry in a flash of radioactive hindsight you'll realize that he stopped you from doing the wrong thing good God what in the name of sweet Jesus is this world coming to
you
you
you
you
you
you






, blades all set, grow prosperity beyond nation's hand, glorious idea being given to spotless pen the
send out over troubled 🐙 you won't listen to anybody since his fingers are itchy, chosen only on the detailed gauntlet
you are wrong you're chili🔦 but you're so ready for battle that you love it hij
Killing without impunity and burning keeping your dreams with no compensation
pitiful

Boring
Wait until the earth shakes and the sky falls.
Space junk tornadoes.
Hail the size of Cadillacs.
Plutonium clouds.
Chromosome bending.
Solar flares.
The stifling of all photosynthesis in the seas.
Ugly mutant locusts that carry DDT in their stings.
Famine even in California.
Oh yes, friends, but those are only the natural things.
They blanch in the face of man's deeds to come.
Man's de-self-humanization.
My God.
It's time junkies, friends.
Time junkies on the way.
And yes, those smiling pink boys of every race will sell you.
Hot lead.
Cold steel.
And a one-way ticket.
A ticket to hell without it ever crossing their minds that the buttons were pushed by their squeaky clean pink fingers.
Woop.
Tiny people with little guns.
Little armies march to their little 하지 typhoons.
What do they want?
What do they want?
Tiny soldiers with little guns.
To tanks.
No bigger than T mano.
And your thumb
They want you
Little people with tiny brains
Little bullets flowing in their veins
What do they want?
What do they want?
Little airplanes with tiny bombs
Two squadrons dropping their ****** off
They want you
You
You, you, you, you
California...
Old town

ун uh
Oh
Everyone
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram

Check my Oregon app
guitar solo
guitar solo
Tiny people with little guns
Little armies march to little drums
What do they want?
What do they want?
Tiny soldiers with little guns
Little tanks no bigger than your bum
They want you, you, you, you, you, you
Tiny people with little guns
Tiny people with little guns
Tiny people with little guns
Now you're looking at a man that's getting kind of mad
I had lots of luck but it's all been bad
No matter how I struggle and strive
I'll never get out of this world alive
My fishing pole broke, the creek is full of sand
My woman run away with another man
No matter how I struggle and strive
I'll never get out of this world alive
A distant uncle passed away
And left me quite a batch
And I was living high until the fatal day
A lawyer proved I wasn't born
I was only hatched
Everything's again bad
I've been through so much
I've been through so much

If I jumped in the river
I would probably drown
No matter how I struggle and strive
I'll never get out of this world alive
music
music
music
music
music

music
music


music



music
music
music
music
music

music
These shabby shoes I'm wearing all the time
It's full of holes and nails
And brother, if I stepped on a worn-out dime
I bet a nickel I could tell you if it was head or tail
I'm not gonna worry wrinkles in my brow
Cause nothing's ever gonna be all right, no how
No matter how I struggle and strive
I'll never get out of this world alive
Alive
Alive

Alive
Alive
Alive
Alive
Alive
Alive
Alive
Alive
Friends, we get calls here from our dear listeners wondering,
Reverend Stang, what kind of music do you play?
We often get, when we play clubs, when the subgenius preachers do revivals in clubs and art museums and such like,
we get there and people ask, what kind of a band is Church of the Subgenius?
Friends, I don't really know, I don't know if it's like if you have to ask, you may never know.
To...
To try to give you some indication of what we're talking about, friends,
we're going to read from the book of the subgenius,
Economicon 1714, Euronomics 158.
The chapter on slack, because slack, friends, is what the Church of the Subgenius is all about.
Slack comes first in the life of any initiate, at least until...
he or she becomes...
slack.
Slack is what the hints are pointing at, slack is what the conspiracy doesn't give you on your job,
and slack is what we're trying to bring you through the word of our great guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
You don't have to believe in Bob.
You don't even have to believe in slack, you just have to believe.
Slack was known to Buddha,
to Jesus,
to Billy Graham,
to all the great avatars,
but were they really able to communicate slack?
Bob said,
the people don't necessarily need to know the whole truth,
they just need slack.
Boardroom Tape 1818.
Friends, man was born with original slack, yet most civilized people don't believe in it,
and their most learned scholars can't even believe it.
That is why in the Church of the Subgenius, the idiot is closer to the divine,
and why Bob Dobbs is adulated for his follies rather than his skills.
If you, my friend, do not believe in slack,
slack will not make itself available to you.
But what is slack, you wondered?
What can slack be?
Well, friends, the slack that can be described is not the truth.
It is true slack.
It comprises the universe.
The ether is not made of atoms,
but a simple hydro-mechanical field devoid of complications.
And just as matter is but a slowly vibrating form of energy,
so is energy a slowly vibrating form of slack.
Slack can never be created or destroyed, friends,
and if you don't have it, it's somewhere it shouldn't be.
The conspiracy has it.
And haven't you been wondering,
in the back of your mind,
what happened to my slack?
Isn't there something missing?
Something I need to know more about?
Something that's the definitionless, insubstantial substance of the all,
the very isness of the business?
Well, friend, it's true, and on that day of judgment,
the demons are going to ask whether you know about slack,
and if you try to fake it,
you're going to end up in the dark.
And the energy balance between something and nothing.
And it's scary in there, friends.
Mighty scary.
For instance, we'll try to give you a simple example
of just what it is we're talking about.
I'm glad to hear that, my son.
I thought they were.
Oh, no.
I know of one who is as brave as any human being.
I'd like to meet this man and smoke with him.
Bob started the church about, oh, 20 or 30 years ago.
And we've got a picture of him here.
We'll hold it up so everybody on the radio can see him.
Hold it up to the left part of the radio there, yes.
Yeah.
Okay.
Can you see that?
You're on the air.
Um, yeah.
Yeah.
Who's Bob?
Who is Bob?
That is the most profound and believable question
we've had the entire evening.
This man, like the Pope, is not afraid to be infallible,
to admit he does not know where Bob and the path of Bob lies.
Young man, Bob is, was, and ever shall be.
Bob is you.
Bob is me.
Bob is the Kama Sutra.
Bob is the id.
Bob is the light that glows in the heart and mind
of every free-thinking subgenius.
What?
Why not please Rob?
Rob?
You can praise Rob.
I prefer you praise Bob.
And send us your money, too.
How much?
Ten dollars.
Ten?
I'll get some change back.
Oh, change.
And change will come into your life when the flatness of slack.
You will?
You will change in a way you cannot believe.
Slackness will enter your life.
Slackness will make you see.
Slackness will set you free.
Slackness lives.
Slackness is.
Slackness waits for you in your ten dollars.
You see, now that man violated the first and most important law of the sacred dog.
You remember this law, of course.
There it is.









The proof that that man was an agent of conspiracy.
The first and most important law of the sacred dogma is if you don't have a sense of humor.
Don't try to be funny.
You'd be amazed how often the conspiracy violates this law.
And that's proof of penance.
Stand your ground, young man.
Yeah, Doug Smith says we're different.
Doug's right, Virgil.
We are different.
Thanks to Jesus, the genetic engineering corporation of American states.
Mommy, too?
Yep, the whole family.
Is everybody like us?
No, son, but we're working on it.
Round the clock.
Soon everyone will be a superior.
I wish these people weren't trying to call the station, because here on non-radio we
don't have a way to receive the calls.
We can feel your calls coming in.
We're sensing it.
I wish you wouldn't do that.
Ah, folks.
Is that Laura?
Is that Laura?
Calling up and hurting the police.















Poor show.
Yeah, you could call 848-4425.
See, you gotta take that part out.
And come on the air, but we can't let you come on the air.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's sort of different.
Thanks anyway that Laura person's here.
Oh, Laura.
Well, we know she isn't.
We have the photographs, and they were worth the ten dollars.
Thank you.
It's more than just a catch-up phrase.
See, another happy listener here.
There's so many down here.
Yeah, you just have to say the right thing.






The rat thing, too, for you and your market.
It's possible for you and your market to be sales.
That's right.
They fall all over down the phone.
My name's Pastor Buck.
This is my third time on the radio.
And I'm Ivan Stang, and Buck, don't leave just because there's no one else tonight.
Every time there's someone else here, and that's not Ivan Stang.
This is Ivan.
Meltdown on the show here.
We, uh...
Oh, God.
We...
Remember when Joe Meltdown, that O'Neal failure, came down here to the radio show?
It seems like so long ago.







He spilled the seed all over the studio.
Well, it seems like...
Who is this mysterious O'Neal, and what is he doing in the station?
Well, there is the...
Gary Gabofan was on the show over there, and Guy Dool was on quite a few shows up there.
I'm afraid that's not good enough on this one.
But whenever there's nobody on the show, you always walk off and leave us out here floating
around space backwards all alone.
So we just kick the station and keep on going.
So you really have to...
I hurt the station.
I hurt that station.
You're not quarter after six.
We know all you right-wing Protestant ethnic religious groups that got all your heads up
your...
Collective...
Your heads up your nu-nu gland.
Collective...
We know that you're trying to get us off the radio.
We know you want to get rid of us.
But we don't care because we're so happy here in our life of sin and degradation.
We are so happy.
We hate that demon.
We are so happy.
We are so happy.
We are so happy.


We are so happy to be welcome to the radio, taunting you like you would like to be.
We were just us.
You were just us to kick off that hell and now we're bad ass.
Court!
Oh Bob!
Oh Bob!
Oh Bob!
Oh Bob!
Oh Bob!
Oh Bob!
Oh Bob!
Oh Bob!
Oh Bob!
Oh Bob!
Oh Bob!
Oh Bob!
Oh Bob!
Let it get a little easier once you understand.
Things get a little easier, once you understand.
Forget it, Dad.
That won't change anything.
Let it get a little easier, once you understand.
Things get a little easier, once you understand.
Come on, Mom.
What do you want from me?
But, Mom, all my friends will be there.
I said no.
But why?
Why? What's wrong with that neighborhood?
What's wrong with them?
Are you sure no one kept you company tonight while you were babysitting?
Just curious.
To my friend's house.
Don't you have anything to do in the house?
Oh, Mom.
What are you talking about?
How about your bridge club and your ladies groups and your parties and your daytime programs?
What about all that?
That's different.
Mom, I'll be home at 11.
I'll be home at 10.
When I was your age, I was working 12 hours a day, six days a week.
I was the pay for the food, the rent.
I don't understand.
What's that got to do with me?
You can't figure that out.
I don't understand.
You're a stupid.
Things get a little easier once you understand.
Things get a little easier once you understand.
Son, there's a little bit more to life than joining a group or playing a guitar.
You understand?
What is there to learn?
Things get a little easier once you understand.
Things get a little easier.
Once you understand.
Yes?
Yes.
Your name Robert? Robert Cook, age 17?
Yes.
I'm sorry, Mr. Cook.
You'd better come down to the station house.
Your son is dead.
Dead?
How?
He died of an overdose.
Oh, my God.
Things get a little easier
Once you understand
Things get a little easier
Ah, yes, yes.
Once you understand
Things do get so much easier
When you understand that all you need to do
Once you understand
Is send for information.
Send money to the station.
But send for information to P.O. Box.
This is the post office number of Bob Dobbs.
You can reach Bob.
He's here for you to talk to.
Even though he's dead.
Well, he's dead.
Yeah, I'll admit that.
But you never know.
When he might be back.
And who might show up?
Right here.
Norm is standing right behind me.
Ready to do the talk.
So those of you who fear Bob,
You don't have to worry.
He won't be, you know,
Salvation won't be staring you in the ear much longer.
We're gonna, if I can just keep these other shows out of here,
We'll be fine.
What about those millionaires?
Oh, no.
That's another, this is one of those other
By the way, that, what I just played was,
Compliments of Reverend Erwin Chusett,
Who runs the weekly subgenius show
In East Orange, New Jersey at WFMU.
But these guys, this is like less than a show,
More than an hour.
And it's puzzling evidence.
All this.
I'm sure I could.
What?
You mean to say that I can come to terms?
For beginners, teens and the Dobbs youth who often lack patience,
Parent parental approval or financial resources for the exotic treatments adopt sound instant or not all pseudo slack or false highs.
Every bit as fulfilling as a real thing are quickly reached.
Through repetitive monotonous and feta-moid pun digititis.
And helpful competition.
It's shown here on monitor three.
Which we just.
Fastest results come from the painstakingly executed reels, chants, hymn cycles, exorcisms, cravings, misologizing and, uh, et cetera crapping.
Here's what happens when one worshiper gets his prayer reel just a little out of control and has it wallowing too fast.
Remember what I told you about that guy a long time ago?
He's theologically absurd.
And the other.
Monk snicker.
To see him make a fool of himself.
Oh, oh, oh, hey.
Just another show to them.
I don't get it.
See what.
Well, you don't get it.
Well, that's it.
You don't get it.
You just don't get it.
Right.
So you'll have to leave the church.
I'm sorry.
Here's the door.
Introduce yourself to another person.
Yeah.
You are demonstrating interest.
So basically what we have here are doctors grouped into afferent or efferent fibers.
All the doctors here tonight have spiny, stellar cells and use micro glee form cells for the show.
And they're all using their separate brains here, as you can see.
Right.
Unable to work.
No connection.
Each brain operates in unison, though yoked in series.
Together, the brains have the power of 10 reduced to liquidity, or in terms the layman
can understand, to the negative 10th power.
It's like this.
If you see your left side of your brain controls your right side, your right side controls
your left side.
So it means that the left-handed people are the only ones in their right minds.
Here we go.
Adventure in Dobstown.
Oh, that was exhausting.
I don't think I've ever done anything like that.
Our optimism.
What is like a railroad train.
Let it be known that we aren't afraid of ghosts and spooky monsters.
Let it be known that we cannot be pushed around as some would have it.
We are the vanguard of the forthcoming master society.
We will know what buttons to push and what levers to pull.
It is to future generations to decide the validity and the importance of what we do
here.
No one can understand this without first experiencing in the white hot forge the
power of the brain.
Dr. Kahn.










I'm glad you came.
You'd better wake up.
Something scary is about to happen.
Yes, Doctor.
You'd better get to the answer and be for me.
It is up to you and you and you and you, the forerunners of the subgenius age of tomorrow,
to make sure that we are never threatened by those dark and chaotic forces in our society,
which ever tend to undermine the best powering of our society.
Hello, Doctor.
We'll see you soon.
Thank you.








Is there anything we can do?
I don't know.
Everything is useless.
Is there anything we can do?
There's nothing we can do.
God, force yourself out, you stupid.
There's got to be something we can do.
Now someone figure out what we're supposed to do.
I don't know.
I guess he's supposed to answer the phone and then we start talking or something.
I don't know.
It can't be done.
There's nothing to do.
There's no help.
I think we have a problem.
None at all.
I don't even think I know.
They think we have a problem.
I can't keep up with this.
God, little do they know.
Maybe there's no home planet to answer anymore.
I don't know.
Must be true.
I'll call the doctor.
We have oxygen switch.
Must eat food.
Must breathe air.
Must finish show.
Must stop show now.
Hold on, Sparky, hold on.
I'm coming in almost to you.
All right.
We're coming in for a landing, folks.
The Subgenius show is coming in for a landing.
Yes, but I'm not going to get out of here until the very last second.
Now, listen to that.
The engines are warming up.
No, I'm not going to leave here until Norm kicks me out.
out and he's pretty norm he's a professional about that he just shoves me out of the chair
and turns on his tape but not yet norm hey we've got some important things to say here we were uh
church of the subgenius was written up in the new york times of all places last week and uh the very
same afternoon why this is the way the conspiracy works folks they come out with this article
the church of the subgenius spoofs cult mentality it says what yeah spoofs cult
mentality they don't understand this really is a cult this is cult mentality what let me read this
first paragraph though the police at san francisco's central station are still talking about a recent
church of the subgenius devival meeting but they call it the m16 caper it was a saturday night at
the stone bar of the city's north beach section the zombies for bob choir had sung the band that
dares not speak its name had played
and a watch smashing ceremony had already freed the audience of its quote time addiction unquote
when officers spotted a man loading what looked like a machine gun he was putting a magazine in
when i got to him said sergeant dale boyd he said he dashed across the dimly lit barn confiscated
the weapon it turned out to be a plastic prop m16s aren't something you forget very quickly
sergeant boyd said later it wasn't very funny before warren the church of the subgenius
a pseudo theology that says it has thousands of members worldwide and does indeed friends
is an elaborate spoof quote spoof well if this is a spoof friends i hope that audience that died at
the hands of that man wielding that m16 get an academy award for comedy copyright 1986
jayner hyper please well i hate to go out leave that beautiful music alone but
we're just gonna have to switch out and go into the beautiful closing music
ah yes friends next week i hope some of our other co-hosts will show up because that's what the word
the bob says it says the the co-hosts have to show up sooner or later no matter what their true wishes
are but friends i know that that uh you'll read
scriptures you'll sit down and order the book of the subgenius from the address i'm about to give
you'll send for the information you might even send for a subscription to the hundred page magazine
because we need those blankets and contraceptives for the boys and girls in the home for slackless
children your contributions also keep those we hate starving to death so i command you friends
to send that month that not money we can't say that on the air send that request to p.o box
one four oh three oh six dallas texas seven five two one four once again that's bob at
p.o box one four oh three oh six dallas texas seven five two one four praise bob ah yes and let
there be slack
b above
colonial

b
subscribe

streaming
themselves
and
via
live
Oh, swallowing red man
The day my coon dog died
Reading the pamphlet
Over and over again
I was drinking Budweiser
And Bob was on TV
The day that Uncle
Got kicked by a mule
I was with Cousin Junior
The DNA backfired
I was drunk
I was lonely
I was plastered
I was drinking
Budweiser
And Bob was on TV
