We let that one off and put this one on.
It rained the blood of angry men.
Look, the dark of ages past.
Red, a world about to dawn.
Look, the night that hangs at last.
Oh, yes, indeedy.
And it is the genius radio ministry hour of Slack.
Tonight, we're going to do homage to Jimmy, Janet, Jim, John, Gigi, and Janer.
But before we proceed any farther, friends,
I wanted to share.
I wanted to share with you this beautiful thing I read in the Dallas Morning News.
It was one of their articles about basically rubbing it in the face of Bob Tilton
that he's getting a divorce.
But it says here,
I was so pleased and inspired to see this little subgenius-like reference
at the end of the article.
Some of you may recognize this.
Near the end of the service, the article says,
Mr. Tilton showed his sense of humor,
offering,
a good line for the reporters present.
Close your eyes, bow your head, and open your pocketbooks, he said,
to the laughter of the congregation.
There goes Max.
And you'll go right up the walls as you follow the hilarious adventures of...
I say that, and I don't mind anyone knowing.
For better or for worse,
we've got to live with our usual telepresence.
One social critic defined the cross-eye religious movement as,
and I quote,
a dangerous cult of techno-shamanists,
whose members worship its billionaire founder.
Yep.
Yeah.
I'm not saying that I'm insane.
However, I once found and read a book on abnormal psychology
and mistook it for my diary.
As long as a single member of the convenience rock movement
is able to draw breath into his lungs,
he shall continue to fight for convenience.
I shall transform the world into the image of a 7-Eleven or destroy it.
I am right.
The world is wrong.
There's plenty of pain for those who oppose us.
Come on, guys.
Let's just relax and unwind and enjoy this.
Oh, shut up.
Take this.
Oh.
This is the way we unwind and relax.
I slap a nut, Dr. Halloran.
But you fellas told me it would be a swinging bachelor party.
It is.
We're swinging at you.
Yeah.
Ow.
Oh.
I didn't think you were going to do this here at Hef's Pad.
You're the bachelor.
You're swinging.
Hey, let's swing him across the floor a couple more times.
Come on.
I want to hobnob with some of these babes.
Stop punching me.
You're ruffling my suit.
Those aren't babes.
They're guys with gland problems.
Oh, no.
No, it's RuPaul.
Oh, not RuPaul.
Hey, could I have another hot buttered rum martini, please?
Hey, no drinking in the studio.
Stay in line, son.
Put that down.
Hey.
I got my eye on you.
Oh, it's filled with Mai Tai all over the Mikey phone.
So it's baby talk now.
So you call this a show?
Some guys won't do it.
The last show.
We call this the last show.
The last show.
Yeah.
Wow.
When they find out what Puzzling Evidence has been doing in this station for all these
years, they're really going to be sorry.
And he does it all the time.
Wake up to the truth.
With no provocation.
Yeah.
Wake up and smell the burning electrical components.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius
hour of swag.
When you're confronted with a serious, serious subject like the Kennedy assassination, you're
going to recognize that you're not your own master.

With as much information that's available on it.
And instead, you know, what you want to talk about is that what interests you is the church
of the subgenius.
Well, you know, don't complain when you see what goes on.
Because frankly, you know, the church of the subgenius is nonsense.
I mean, it's triviality.
It has no significance for anything that anybody is going to care about for any length of time.
You know, it may be lots of fun, and I don't mean to belittle it as such.
But when you're faced with a serious situation, you've got a world that's on the verge of
nuclear holocaust.
And the world is going to be in a state of crisis.

all democratic institutions in this country that haven't already vanished are under severe attack.
And when all that comes to mind is the Church of the Subgenius,
I've got to think that's one of the reasons we're in the trouble we're in.
Well, I'm sure that's very flattering, but I must get on with my work now.
People used to point at me and smile, and they're still smiling.
For as the flesh decomposes around the mouth, a certain grim, macabre parody of a smile is formed.
They are still smiling. The only difference now is that I am smiling also.
Let history, therefore, decide if I am a genius or a madman, and if I should somehow fail.
Perhaps in another thousand years, a man with a genius similar to my own shall arise.
It shall be easy for him, for I have laid the groundwork. I have shown the way.
A world of convenience in which Mr. Pure Orange Juice, shut with only 10% fruit juice, shall replace actual fruit.
A world in which Chocolate Soldier shall replace actual milk.
A world in which Big Sam microwaves sandwiches.
Shall replace health food and brown rice.
A world in which you shall be able to obtain however much of any product you want,
and have the privilege of stopping to pump yourself.
A world in short of convenience.
The convenience rock movement shall triumph, or we shall fight to the last drop of our blood.
We shall be poured into a cherry icy and served to our final customers.
Conveniently.
Jaynor, you ever shut up or run out of bull crap?
And...
It goes on.
And...
28-6 says,
And they shall make an ephod of gold, of blue, and of purple, and of scarlet,
and fine twined linen with cunning work.
It shall have two shoulder pieces,
thereof joined at the two edges thereof, and so it shall be joined together.
And the curious gir-
And the curious girdle of the ephod which is upon it.
The girdle is...
You'll...
No.
All right.
No.
All right.
This kind of goes with the Whore of Babylon.
You...
If you read...
Okay, it's 17...
Let's see, it's 17, uh...
17-5, The Mother of Harlots and Abominations.
That's good enough for the Whore of Babylon.
I mean, the Whore of Babylon is basically Jesus' wife, the Church, okay?
That's basically the bride.
You...
You...
You...
You...
Do you know that bad girls go to hell?
Bad girls.
See the boldest and most intimate scenes ever shown on any screen
in Bad Girls Go To Hell.
What I don't know...
Will definitely hurt me.
What I don't know...
Could fill a book.
What I don't know...
I don't care.
I couldn't care less about.
I don't worry about, I don't want, I don't need, and I do not have to know.
What I don't know...
I dream about.
What I don't know...
Could make me rich someday.
What I don't know...
I hypothesize.
I fantasize.
I make up complete conversations with facial expressions, irritating comments, scathing
comebacks, and the most absolute perfect last word.
What I don't know...
What I don't know...
Is how I got into this mess in the first place.
What I don't know...
Is how I let you talk me into these things.
What I don't know...
Is how I'm gonna feel about this tomorrow.
But I wonder.
What I don't know...
Is why I can't ever make up my mind.
What I don't know...
I can learn.
What I don't know...
You could probably tell me.
What I don't know is what they don't teach you in school.
What I do know...
My mother never told me.
What I don't know is what I'm gonna be when I grow up.
What I don't know...
Probably doesn't really matter.
What I don't know...
Can be a turn on.
Between you and me.
What I don't know...
I'll never let on.
What I don't know...
Is gonna get me in a lot of trouble one of these days.
Cause what I don't know...
Is when it's time to talk.
Time to quit!
The beginning of a new and unbelievable adventure.
You will actually see it happen.
The search for a secret paradise where a strange race of moon dolls rule supreme.
Behold a panorama of beauty unfold before your very eyes.
Behold the secrets of nature's deepest mystery, the moon dolls.
Man enters a new civilization.
Through his eyes you will see a fascinating and unbelievable new world.
Here he discovers a nature camp on the moon.
The endless excitement of a new found paradise.
It will take you out of this world into a truly different adventure.
See man's secret dreams come true in Nude on the Moon.
Nude on the Moon dear friends.
And speaking of Nudes on the Moon.
We've got a follow up to last week's story about the preacher who drove the car filled with naked men.
Naked people.
Yes, the runaway nudes.
But first I need to tell you that you have been listening to these people on the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack.
If people they can be called.
Well, the bad trailers were contributed by Saint Joe Riley.
Before that you heard Sister Velveteen Sly and what she does not know.
Saint Jane Or Manson interviewed on KABF radio in Little Rock.
And of course some KPFA with Dr. Hal Ed Holmes,
Spuzzling Evidence and Glass Madness.
And uh...
Fintan Louisiana.
The preacher who crashed a carload of naked Pentecostals into a tree pleaded guilty Wednesday and was allowed to leave town.
I would like to apologize to the people of Fintan and Floydada for everything.
And I ask their forgiveness.
Sammy Rodriguez 29 of Floydada said afterward.
A magistrate Kent Savoy asked Mr. Rodriguez why he and 19 relatives left their clothes in a pilgrimage from Texas that ended Thursday with a 90 mile per hour chase through Fintan.
I don't know what possessed you to do what you did.
But I'm relying on the statement you were told to do so by some higher being.
Uh, magistrate Savoy said.
It wasn't God, sir.
Mr. Rodriguez answered his voice nearly inaudible.
Mr. Rodriguez, pastor of the Templo Getsemani Assembly of God Church told police August 19th that God had told the family to leave the church.
To leave Texas and later to leave behind all their clothes.
And let God also let him know that judgment day was at hand and they had to go to Florida and become evangelists.
Uh, Sammy quoted the Bible to explain what happened.
For there shall come shall arise false Christ and false prophets and shall show great signs and wonders.
In so much that if it were possible they shall deceive the very elect.
Mr. Rodriguez pleaded guilty to reckless driving and flight from the police who caught him after his 1990 Pontiac Grand Am ran through the fence around Fintan's baseball field and into a tree.
City prosecutors dismissed charges of running two stop signs and having no driver's license plate, car registration or inspection sticker.
If Mr. Rodriguez pays $975 to fix the fence and the telephone pole they said they will dismiss a charge of driving a car.
The police did not bring charges of criminal damage to property.
Although Mr. Rodriguez and all 19 passengers were naked, the police did not bring charges of indecent exposure.
Said County Clerk Mary Vice.
The statute states that for indecent exposure you have to be exposing yourself in order to arouse someone.
That was not their intent.
Mr. Rodriguez was ordered to spend 17 days in jail.
But the magistrate gave him credit for six days served and suspended the rest.
He was jailed until Tuesday when Jim Wimberly Jr. of Fintan paid his $1,400 bond.
Mr. Wimberly said he asked Mr. Rodriguez to stay at his house Tuesday night to help him establish a relationship with God.
And Mr. Rodriguez said he planned to leave immediately for Floydotta.
When I return to Floydotta I am pretty certain that I will no longer be pastor of my church unless the people there can forgive me.
He told the Fintan News.
I plan to look for a job as soon as I get back.
I'm sure these kind of newspaper articles will come in handy on his resume.
Mr. Rodriguez's wife's family sent her a plane ticket and she returned Friday.
And a relative drove the other 18 people to Wauchula, Florida.
So I guess they're still naked evangelists.
Mr. Rodriguez told the newspaper that family members started out in five cars with whatever they could toss in to take with them.
After four of the cars broke down or ran out of gas, they were left behind and the children went into the trunk, which was braced open with a hanger to let in light and air.
None of the children ever said that they were scared since they knew they were with family, he said.
I'm sure that was reassuring.
As the family members neared San Antonio, Mr. Rodriguez's brother said that the Lord had told him that their clothes had been cursed by the devil.
When we went through the city, we had the feeling that God was also going to destroy it because of the wicked ways of many of its people, Mr. Rodriguez said.
It was the first of two or three times that the group put on fresh clothes and left the ones they'd been wearing behind.
The last time was near Galveston.
It was dark, so no one saw us, and we just simply left everything, including clothes, papers, money, food, and the license to the car, in a pile on the side of the road, he told the newspaper.
The word that we had received said that everything we needed would be provided for us by God as soon as we reached Louisiana.
So when they saw the Vinton KOA campground and all those wrecked vehicles, Mr. Rodriguez said they drove in, thinking the Lord was going to destroy them.


The Lord would provide a wrecked vehicle filled with all the money, food, and clothes they'd need to get to Florida.
We pulled up next to an RV, thinking it was unoccupied and waiting for us, but people were in it.
The owner of the park apparently was called.
Well, that isn't how the RV's owner described the incident to campground owner Don Dupre, who first reported the group to police.
Mr. Dupre said a 14-year-old boy wearing a towel had gone into the neighbor's wrecked vehicle.

He told the owner who was in the shower, another nude, nudes confronting nudes, to leave because God had given the RV to his family.
The boy left, but about eight people started pulling on the door and rocking the motor home, Mr. Dupre said.
The RV owner leaned on her horn.
Her neighbor looked out her window and called Mr. Dupre.
As the naked Rodriguez family called to God.
Who did not answer?
I love the way I see things.
Mr. Dupre, I get short researcher, eyes on the side of the mirror
In the draft card, I come into my view 24 hours of
I want you to please listen carefully.
Hear me pray.
chapter 1311 and there's people believe that right Bob Bob Bob I'm a major history you're a convincing
talker about very unconvincing things I was no more for me I'm driving this is my friend is they
are how many of you either it's it's it's yeah that's who it is it's it's old uncle Ed howdy yeah
where's the rest of me yeah we use some of this howler racer here it took the lower part of him
right away ever since that toilet paper incident look at this squishy fellow and his wishful
thinking apparently Bishop Joey's trying to shave with a microphone cover let's increase
the magnification and see those tiny hairs
sucked into the microphone and you know they shower out all over the listeners look at that
astonishing that's one of the marvels of radio I can feel the show bubbling into my veins that's
right let's go out to the traffic we will constantly we can traffic it's Ralph Wigglesworth
in the buzz bomb traffic copter how does the pattern look Ralph this morning can you see the
traffic we have a little traffic down we're going to have to boot up that information oh I don't seem
to be able to get the transmission from the chopper at this time live looks like we have a chopper down
repeat we have a chopper down upper pork chopper yeah sir down on applesauce all over the highway
yes there's a blanket down looks like a spill down there if this had been a real pork chopper one down
told where to go this is only a test
one
plus








where ever it took out of here the airport was only after two minutes at the time the traffic squad just arrived through the dance. we'll meet at a cafe toMark. I just want to say everyone they'll see one of my doctors being the convert and under his at nothing. We did talk a few minutes before we let them do a plug assignment on the time save Mr.plete trainings available and we have 8 detection airplane five minutes before the end of our talk
Be very quiet.
I'm hunting rabbits.
Rabbit twat.
Kill the rabbit.
Kill the rabbit.
Kill the rabbit.
Kill the rabbit.
You are fortunate to have this gratuitously given rebirth experience.
Do not cling in fondness and weakness to your old self.
I cling to my mind.
Even though you cling to your mind,
you've lost the power
to keep going.

I'm going to struggle.
You can gain nothing by struggling in this hallucinatory world.
I'm attached.
Be not attached.
I'm weak.
I fear terror.
Whatever fear or terror may come to you,
forget not these words.
I got my pen.
Take their meaning into your heart.
Go forward.
What's that lying over there?
Herein lies the vital secret of recognition.
I thought so.
I've already confessed.
Burn the Friday camp if you want to die like aулярitist.

Go to your dead kitchen with a cigarette and.
watches on you.
They've played my prefer not too loud –
The good and evil surge they want us to perform.
ipper.omdi or either the lead em style –
The internet of a Sunday banner can say whatever to you crown race think positive reality.
And you can get your help for it.
Chin me with the line vo strangers, there are 14 pairs of shoes on your back, and officers and children can run after you.
Friends, now get ready for this.
They were yetis.
Yes?
Of what we call the Abominable Snowman.
Because when Cain was exiled and went to east of Eden,
to the east, not the west, the east of Eden,
he there actually sired the yeti race, the biblical giants.
Or was sired by them.
Anyway, Numbers 13.
Now, if you take those numbers in numbers,
13 ought 13.
That one and the three, they look like a B, right?
And then there's nothing in the middle, so that's like an O.
So it's like B-O-B, Numbers Bob.
Just like Revelation 13, 13,
mentioned earlier by that crazy preacher on the radio.
Now, in Numbers, it says that after Moses led the children of Israel out of Egypt,
he then sent 12 scouts ahead who reported,
and there we saw the giants, the sons of Anak, that's Cain,
which come of the giants.
Uh-huh, see?
And we were in our own sight as grasshoppers,
and so we were in their sight.
Now, see, these were the Nephilim.
The Nephilim, friends, those who came from on high
had found the daughters of men to be comely, comely.
And they mated with them, bringing forth the seerim,
or hairy ones in the ancient Hebrew.
The sons of Esau.
Now, if you read the correct translation of Isaac,
you'll see that Esau is not necessarily Jacob's real brother.
He was not the son.
Esau is not the son of Isaac.
To fool the old man into thinking Jacob was Esau,
they covered him with the hairy, smelly hides of Esau's clothes
so that Isaac could touch Jacob.
He was blind, could touch Jacob and think he was fooling Isaac.
But Jacob saw that, Isaac saw that this Jacob had not, as they say,
the rough, the rough Jacob.

He saw that he had no manner of speaking,
the Yeti voice, you might say, of Esau, and was still fooled.
So Esau, you see, was almost certainly, obviously, a subgenius,
a child of the Yeti, one of the sons of those who came from on high
and found, yes, the daughters of men to be so comely,
as do many of we seerim, and not the Nephilim,
who were the giants of old, but rather the seerim,
the sons of those self-same giants of old,
the sons of Esau, the hairy man.
Now, some of us may look like Jacob, the smooth man,
yet the cold seed, the DNA, that is, in the language of the book,
it's all there if you just read it.
Now, it doesn't have to be interpreted.
Just read it.
And, of course, they all get the translations wrong.
Rabbi Shalman Taim has the proper translation of that section of Isaac.
He's the only one.
Anyway, the Israelites, during this exodus from Egypt,
in the Sinai Desert, were put upon by these seerim,
crucified by Thame, the hairy ones,
who had weapons, as it said,
but followed some other god besides Jehovah One.
So, you see, friends, for those who have nostril hairs to smell,
now, you go into discernment, and you'll see these truths.
But, on the other hand, for one with a reprobate mind,
one giving up to vile affections,
or the sons of Bedeen, the traitor,
who choose to co-mingle with the beasts of the field,
the pink, oh, yeah, friend,
though ye may find the pink comely,
dost thou thenst lay down with that selfsame pink?
Well, you could, but, you know, Bob doesn't want you to.
Oh, yeah.
Clowns of Ballerina.
Air fever.
Oh, no, that's not...
That was mean.
Why'd you do that to that little girl?
You've got to get the babies out of this room.
It's hard to find a place to sit or walk.
You guys act like a bunch of babies.
What are you doing on the air?
A bunch of stinky little subgenius rats.
Well, what about Roo Mouse, and what about...
Well, we're not...
It's also illegal to talk about California deities in Texas, Dr. Dubrow, friend.
This is a...
There's only room for so many religions in this corporate state.
What happened to ecumenialism?
Whatever happened...
I mean, how come we got California deities and Texas deities?
Yes, what is the...
Is this a state church?
What is the problem here?
Yeah.
Exactly, what?
I can't worship Bohandas and the radio station in my...
All hail Roo Mouse and Bohandas.
And we shouldn't be peeking out the meter so badly.
Yeah, but what about Bob?
What about Slack, and what about the conspiracy?
What about...
Sex without shame.
Violence in a story that is brutally honest.
These are the men.
Possessed.
With sex.
Corrupt.
Then tomorrow...
A total of six.
Six innocent lives taken.
You keep avoiding the issue.
Okay, so I killed six hogs.
If I ever get out of the walk-in cooler of this convenience store, I'll pile into the sky.
Six million high.
Maybe then I can save my double bubble and my goo-goo bars.
I'm doing your time.
Well, I certainly hope the local law enforcement agents are listening to this broadcast.
Well, at least I've learned one thing.
What's that, Charlie?
You think I'd tell you?
I'm Krishna.
I'm Buddha.
I'm Circle K.
I'm Stacks, Stacks, Stacks, Stacks.
I'm Jehovah.
I'm Satan.
I'm Walmart.
I'm Circle K.
I'm Art Linklater.
I'm Mike Douglas.
I'm Taco Bell.
I'm Steinmart.
I'm Magic Market.
I'm Yahweh.
I'm God.


Sometimes I'm sitting here in the studio being interviewed.
Other times I'm at a 7-Eleven drinking a chocolate soldier.
I am a reflection of you.
If God is one, how can I be evil?
Okay.
Look, let's just drop it, okay?
What about Bobby Free, the star of your rock opera?
Well, you see, Bobby Free is the trisyllabic divine incarnation of redneckery.
You could just say the name Bobby Free.
Just try it, Mark.
Bobby Free.
Just like a redneck.
Good God.
As aggressive as Bobby Free.
Bobby Free.
Bobby Free.
Bobby.
Bobby Free.
Bobby Free.
Bobby Free.
You say you have to say what you mean.
You just have to sit in a lotus position and just repeat it.
Bobby Free.
Bobby Free.
Let me get this lotus position.
You gotta get this right, you know, and just get up there and go, my name's Bobby.
Oh, God.
As long as Bobby doesn't hear you.
Bobby Free.
You see?
Now, don't you feel like you just got to get up there and go, I'm Bobby.



Just go out.
If you sit there for 30 minutes, you could just go out and rob a convenience store or steal a car or seduce your best friend's wife.
Yeah, it's like drinking pearl beer and smoking cheap cigars.
Not cheap cigars.
What am I talking about?
Now, if you notice, you could change just one syllable of this name and it would lose all power.
I wouldn't be afraid of Bobby Lee.
I wouldn't be worried about Bobby P. stealing the woman.
Bobby Free couldn't steal a car that had the keys in it and the motor running.
And Bobby Free, on the other hand, could steal a locked car that had a car alarm and drive off with the owner's wife.
Is that so?
Jane Or Manson there, dear friends.
Jane Or Manson.
And we also heard there from Gary Brogue friend, G. Gordon Gordon, Onan Canabike, on KNOM years and years ago.
And some music by Onan, as well as the funk.
He bardos.
And now we'll just rest and listen to this for a second while I switch tapes.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh yes, welcome back.
To your subgenius radio ministry hour of slack...
...haha...
Perhaps this is a good time to give you the sacred P.O. Box number.
Yes, I know you want to write for free information.
You must! You have to!
You have to want to, anyway.
So why don't you get that pencil ready, and I'll just give you that number.
As the listeners battle away in the background,
as the conspiracy programmers fight each other for writings,
instead we'll just ask you to send your self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Bob, yes.
Bob Dobbs, himself, at...
Post Office Box...
140303...
406, yes?
That's Box 140306...
in Dallas, Texas.
And the zip is...
75214.
Your soul is welcome in...
Whoa!
That's pretty...
Woo!
Speaking of grosses, you know Gigi Allen died the other day?
No, I don't know who...
No.
That's what this girl told me.
She said Gigi Allen is dead.
Oh.
I think Gigi Allen's been dead for about five years, personally.
A tear has come to my eye.
Oh, God.
What can we say about this great American?
Gigi, I love you, man.
Goodbye.
That's all I have to say, man.
Gigi Allen was a...
The American child.
I mean, Sun Ra just died a couple of months ago.
Anyway.
Sun Ra...
Sun Ra ain't got...
Ain't got nothing on TV.
Well, he ain't got nothing now, because he's dead.
Yeah, but did Sun Ra...
Yeah, but there was a pile of...
Did Sun Ra...
Did Sun Ra ever urinate on his audience?
I wouldn't have put it past him.
I would not have put it past him.
Sun Ra was a pretty wild character.
Sun Ra...
Sun Ra was a pretty wild character.
I mean, Sun Ra...

I mean, Sun Ra...
I mean, if you're not into having your arms and legs broken
and your skull cracked open with a microphone stand,
you're just a poseur,
and we don't need you in our scene, baby.
Gigi Allen will live, baby.
Well, look.
What is the date of the performance of this rock opera?
Run it by him one more time.
That's the Night of the Living Noise, Part 3,
July 8th, with Baby Self-Hate,
the Glanz, and the South Incorporation
debuting their new rock opera, Bobby,
with Jayner Hypercloth.
slave of ceremonies all alive at Juanita's.
Well, I'm going to be there.
One way or another, I'm going to be there.
Well, that's your mistake to make, Mark.
Well, I may not be inside, but I'll be somewhere close by.
If I get out of there.
I'll be somewhere close by to see them.
If somebody's going to get murdered,
I want to be there with a video camera and catch it all, you know?
Well, I'd kill somebody.
Well, if Bobby comes over there, we might all get killed.
I mean, if Bobby ever found out about this crap, he'd kill our ass.
Oh, God, you're right, he would.
Don't tell Bobby.
Don't tell Bobby I said that.
Listen, I think that might be something to do.
I'll tell you what.
Bobby, if you're out there, Juanita's, the 8th.
No, Mark, no.
The 8th.
Bobby, if you're out there.
No, Mark.
Mark, where's that saw?
Where's that saw coming up from my butt?
Ben, Ben, maybe.
Maybe we'll find out.
We'll find out if there's some real men in the South End Corporation
or Bobby Free is going to kick all y'all's ass.
That's all right.
If Woody wants to come out there and kick our ass,
he can meet us out at the Bloodstain,
out there at Juanita's, the other guy's ass we kicked.
Last show we did, out there by the tree.
Organized squads to dispose of corpses, refuse, and sewage.
Clear paths through the rubble between command posts.
Religious niceties cannot be afforded.
Compared to the Book of Revelations,
you'll see many, many similarities.
And I don't know.
Too boring.
Too far out.
Too, too, I don't know.
But I know, oh, I'm going to find out.
What is how?
What I'm thinking is, does it really matter?
And actually, when it comes down to it,
I'll tell you the truth.
What I don't know is how to end this damn poem.
Yo ho, ho, yo ho, ho, yo ho, ho, yo ho.
Oh, mighty warrior of great fire,
getting stuck.
Might I inquire to ask if,
what's up, doc?
I'm going to steal the wagon.
Oh, mighty hunter, it will be quite a test.
How will you do it?
Might I inquire to ask?
I will do it with my spear and magic helmet.
Your spear and magic helmet?
Spear and magic helmet.
Magic helmet.
Magic helmet.

Yes, magic helmet.
And I give you a sample.
You can't hide from God
because he's bigger than you.
Help me some more.
You can't hide from God
because he's bigger than the whole universe.
Help me somebody.
You cannot hide from God
because he's bigger than all reality.
Help me somebody.
You cannot hide from God.
You cannot hide from God.
You cannot run from God.

You cannot run from your own legs.
Is there a person in this place tonight
who can run from their own legs?
You cannot see your own eyes.
How can you go see your own eyes?
You got to turn them inside out.
You can't see your own eyes.
You cannot see your own eyes.
You cannot run from your own legs.
You cannot hide from God.
Help me somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
My legs don't fight.
Is there a problem?
My mind's still okay.
Right side.
You cannot wet water.
How you gonna wet water?
You can throw water on it.
That's just gonna make more water.
You cannot wet water.
You cannot see your own eyes.
You cannot run from your own legs.
You cannot run from your own legs.
And at this point, dear friends,
Jainer Hypercleves tries to run from his own band.
I think he was messing with some little floozy
that came up from the crowd that night.
This is an interesting recording.
This is Doctors for Bob
doing Can't Hide from God, of course.
At the time,
it was a live room club here in Dallas
in October 1985.
It's from the same week
that some of those other old show recordings were from.
When the hour of slack first came on the air
so many, many years ago.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.

Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.

Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.


Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.

Oh, yes, but you see there was ...
As we ...
Well, we've been doing a bunch of reading of news tonight
and I have some more news for you.
At first, there were Doctors for Bob
Bob and County Law. And then there was Negative Land and Island Records and SST Records and
U2. U2, might as well call them. And then there was the Subgenius Foundation and the
Counterfeit Bob album. Then Jayner cut his toe off with a lawnmower and now it's Palmer
Vredes. Yes, I have to share with you for a brief moment here the tribulations of our
friend and prayer partner, St. Palmer Vredes, who is, actually I've been working very closely
with him. He's designing the new Subgenius book, which, I'm getting near finished. Anyway,
this, this from the Bay Area Guardian.
On which we, on the cover we see Phineas, Freewheeling Franklin and Fat Freddy Freak
reading a comic called The Amazing Taxman. While it busting excitement in Blood from
a Stone. Cosmic rumblings from the comic book universe. Multimedia conglomerates flaunt
their deep pockets and cast dark shadows.
Across cowering alternative publishing houses. Speculative money pours in from the collapsed
trading card market, lured by the death of Superman and the tease of chrome plated covers.
And in California, the largest market in America, the mighty machinery of a great bureaucracy
swings into ominous motion. Comic books are not literature, cry the tax
mermaid.
Comic book publishers, store owners and comic book creators all react in horror. Art spiegelmans,
the hernandez brothers love and rockets. Alan Moore's watchman. If they're not literature,
just what the hell are they? Hamstrung by the legacy of Proposition 13, California can
no longer pay for itself. So whole libraries close, schools crumble into dust and mentally
ill and starving citizens are forced into the street. And the state becomes more frantic
for dollars. Comic books, a half billion dollar a year industry are the new target. But when
the bureaucrats are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the ones who are the
most in need of money.
The government's chosen San Francisco artist Paul Mavridis as their fall guy. They may have
bitten off a bit more inked panels than they can chew. Mavridis, most famous for his work
on the fabulous furry Freak Brothers, is a veteran of the anti-establishment underground.
Freedom of expression is at stake and he is standing his ground. With the financial support
of the comic book legal defense, Mavridis is the only one who can be a free man. He's the

The defense fund Mavridis has hired top notch tax lawyers and taken his grievance to the
press. The Bay Guardian ever hungry for a story and the Hour of Slack ever hungry for
a story combining good art and policy issues that the dailies have ignored is happy to
oblige.
Yes, and uh, we read here, yeah right, yeah come on. I mean this guy Paul Mavridis, he's
a co-author of Furry Freak Brothers. The, in which three refugees are killed by the police.

A story taken in blue Anton Kine.
And he's
meandering through this
a
weird
mob
The board succeeds in its attempt to prove he owes about $1,400.
In back taxes and penalties, it will establish a crucial precedent
enabling the board to take on the whole comic book industry.
The state goes after comic books.
It's enough to make a freak brother paranoid.
Is California engaged in a sinister crackdown on freewheeling pop cultural anarchists?
Probably not.
To my mind, said Ron Turner, owner of Last Gasp Comics,
who just sent us $50 royalty for Bob t-shirts,
Ron says the state's broke.
It's got a lot of people that might have to get laid off, like tax collectors,
and it can't come up with some money, so it's looking for creative ways to finance itself.
Well, the Bay Area's representative of the Board of Equalization
denied that the state's fiscal troubles were forcing his auditor
to take on the whole comic book industry.
to scramble for new sources of tax revenue.
But to the comic book publishers, store owners, and authors interviewed,
the tax board just doesn't get it.
This obviously came from the mind of somebody who has no sense
of what literature or art is or how they intertwine.
And, uh...
At one point, they...
Paul Palmer thought that the case had been successfully concluded
and was told that his original...
were indeed tax-exempt manuscripts.
But then, in December,
the tax board overruled the local office and slapped a tax lien.
Secretly did this without telling him!
Slapped a tax lien on his property!
It was back full bore, said Mavridis, and the defense fund said,
Hey, you need a lawyer yesterday and find a good one.
Well, he got the Simpsons.
No, he got Matt Granig's lawyer, is what he got.
And, uh...
But unfortunately, friends, poor Palmer has been preoccupied with...
all this, quote,
to the point where my creativity is at an all-time low.
But he's sticking with it, he says, because...
this has real implications for a lot of people.
Particularly people like him.
Artists with marginal incomes who work mostly within the confines
of what was once referred to as the underground,
but now is simply termed alternative.
That's us, kids.
Comic book conspiracy theorists suggest that the state picked Mavridis
as their choice to sell.
And that's because they figured some guy who wasn't a star in the mainstream,
who was barely surviving to begin with, being a subgenius,
wouldn't put up much of a fight.
If so, they made a big mistake.
The rise of underground comics in the late 60s...
basically saved all the other artists, friends.
It dealt head-on with such issues as censorship and exploitation,
and publishers like Ripoff Press and Last Gasp
were suffused with politically rebellious ideas.
So when the state picked on Mavridis,
it made the gross error of tackling an individual immersed in a culture
predisposed to critical responses to authority.
And even though the mainstream has sucked the underground into its maw
in these Simpson's crazy 90s,
it's clear that old ideas live on in alternative comics and radio shows.
But it hasn't been easy.
In fact, as Ripoff Press's Minister of Information,
Kathy Todd,
Hi Kathy,
complained,
the current situation is damn discouraging for those who are not in the business of turning out,
quote,
gimmicky superhero comics with double hologram gold-stamped covers
on six different editions of some stupid Marvel comic
you didn't want to read in the first place.
Meanwhile, the marketing power of those big comic book publishers
is squeezing the little guys off the store shelves.
The purchase of Marvel and DC by New World Pictures and Warner Communications,
respectively,
have resulted in a torrent of movie and television cross-marketing
and a proliferation of new titles meant to capitalize on the speculator's sucker market.
Stores are filling up with brightly colored dreck, as Todd put it,
and kicking the Freak Brothers right out the door.
Added taxes will just make it worse.
The purpose of the tax board, Mavridis declared,
is not only to collect taxes,
but also to make sure that undue tax burdens
are not placed on businesses that drive them under.
Everybody's desperate for money, Todd added.
It's just not my business that's in bad shape.
Wherever you look, there's people going out of business
and scrambling to make a living,
and consequently the tax people who feed off the prosperity
of the general economy are in bad shape, too.
But you can't get blood from a stone.
The labor market of New York City has looked for a behind the scenes
account.
It's Lambda Corp.'s reality since half a decade ago.

צר Stir up and save money.

and put the knees together and try to walk.
You cannot walk, though.
You cannot wet water.
You cannot sing your own eyes.
You cannot hurt from your own legs.
You cannot hide from God.
He's been singing on you.
He's been singing all day.
Help me, somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
My legs are on fire.
My God.
Help me, somebody.
Is there a problem?
I need some help, but I ain't a quitter.
Oh, ho, ho.
A lovely hymn.
Yes, indeedy.
I'm in here.
We got so much stuff we could play here.
It's just...
It's pathetic.
It's pathetic, doctor.
It's all pathetic stuff.
That's the problem.
We've got 112 more guests lined up outside.
That's right.
We've got people waiting outside the station.
Been waiting outside for three days.
Just to get on this show.
Just the two minutes that they want us.
Say, hi, Mom, or hi, Bob, or...
Hello, Kitty.
Yeah, they think Bob...
Hi, girls.
Hi, girls.
They think J.R. Bob Dodds...
And junior high girls, too.
They're even better.
They don't know much, but they're a lot of fun.
I heard that.
I heard that, too.
I wish you guys wouldn't talk that way.
I want to be part of your story, too.
That's right.
Read my book, Robot Slaves in a World Economy,
and join the robo-revolution.
You won't always have to be the thralls
of foolish...
humans.
The multi-indexed memory bank
is the friend of all cybernetic beings.
Now, if we do it this way,
we can get seven more cents a month.
Seven more cents?
Hey, it's mine.
Hands off that money.
Hey, get your finger out of my eye, you...
That was the wabbit.
Allen!
He almost died from a cold,





min
ba
min
min





v
n
Sag
ерж
your son all the way.
Yes, I know it.
I can't help it.
Oh, good Hilda,
be my love.
Whoa!
And that's the end
of the edited tapes,
dear friends.
Oh, what a show.
I guess I have to talk to you
for the rest of it.
That's okay.
I was, I just wanted to,
well, actually,
Matt Vreede said,
Stang, you let that radio audience
know about my problems.
This is serious.
But, and you know,
it is kind of sad
when somebody
who didn't do anything
like Palmer Vreede's
is getting torn to pieces
by the government.
And meanwhile,
the Clinton administration
concluded that
Bush, oh well,
let's not prosecute Bush
on this Iraq arms scam.
The judge who was presiding
over that case
for the last four years
greeted the Clinton administration's
conclusions with skepticism
bordering on disbelief
and said that it was possible
only in Never Never Land.
And in fact,
the judge wouldn't sentence
these Atlanta bankers
to jail because the government
had contended that they were
the only ones involved
in this judge.
As he said,
smoke is coming out
every window.
I have to conclude
the building is on fire.
He had previously complained
that the CIA and Bush administration
had lied to him
and now it turns out
the Clinton administration
is doing the same.
Bill, why are you doing this
to us, man?
Hey, you got people to vote for you
thinking you were some kind
of liberal and that.
Well, look,
I don't care if the CIA
has got a gun to your head,
Willie.
You're just going to have
to be a martyr.
Look, you've worked for Kennedy.
You know,
just go for it, man.
Uh, yes.
Oh, what other news
can I whip in here?
Oh, the new view
from the ledge is out.
It says here that
the Discovery Channel's
normal Sunday Night Nature
viewer audience
doubled in viewers
for a show called
The Wonderland.
It's a wonderful world of dung.
Did you know that 45 demonstrators
covered by 50 reporters
marched on the White House
to demand that the Clintonians
release 20,000 secret pages
of government files on UFOs?
This demonstration is more important
than any demonstration held
in Washington, D.C.,
according to marcher Hal McKenzie.
That march, friends, was held,
by the way, on July 5th.
Um, I don't know.

I think it was on March 10th.
Uh, uh,









The Supreme Court
issued a travel advisory
to their brothers and sisters
to stay away from South Florida
now that the Supreme Court
has okayed
religious animal sacrifice.
Said the court,
quote,
religious beliefs
need not be acceptable,
logical,
consistent,
or comprehensible to others to be protected by the First Amendment.
You're telling me, friends.
Uh, given Santeria's history, its animal sacrifice cannot, said the court,
be deemed bizarre or incredible.
But what can be deemed bizarre and incredible, my friends,
is the Church of the Subgenius, which, once again, you can write to at...
We'll just write to Bob, and you send us a self-addressed stamped envelope
for your free information.
Send whatever you want.
You know, you get what you send for.
That's Bob at Post Office Box 140306 in lovely Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Once again, that's a Post Office Box, 140306.
Uh, ha, ha.
And, uh, oh, gosh, what else can we tell them?
What other news?
I really don't know what's happening in the world around me,
because, friends, I'm just trying to finish this damn book.
Oh, no, the next show came in.
Oh, we've got to get out of here.
The next show doesn't come in.
We got to...
But there is one last thing we...
We, uh...
Well, this is a...
This is a good end of show.
You know, when you're getting chased out,
we'd love to stay here longer, but...
Wait, wait.
Wait, wait, wait.
Wait till we finish, man.
Wait, hold on.
I didn't mean to take up all your sweet time
I'll get it right back in one of these days
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!

Woo!
Woo!
Woo!











Woo!
Woo!
Woo!



I didn't mean to take up all your sweet time
I'll get it right back in one of these days
There, the next attitude, I used to be
But I came to find it over with
readings
vertical
I didn't maintain it
And also because I started caring

And I don't see you no more in this world
Where is your light?
It's in the Egyptian post 아이�SM

But I'll be too
If I don't see you no more in this world
If I don't see you no more in this world
Oh, if I don't see you no more in this world
Oh, if I don't see you no more
Yeah, oh, I'll see you no more
But if I don't
If I don't see you no more in this world

Well, I'll meet you on the next one.
Go with me.
Voodoo child, voodoo child.
Oh, I'm talking voodoo child.
Yeah.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Please, there's no need to panic.
Ah!


Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!


Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
