Are you too stupid to see what's going to happen?
I know what's coming.
Have I got to beat you to make you understand?
It's...
The Super Genius Powerful Slug Genius!
It's going to end more horribly than anything in all history.
That much I know.
Why does the word ties remind us of a slender thread that can't be broken?
A tiny, thin thing that actually tugs and pulls like a huge mortar line.
I'm sorry, I feel obstructed.
As tough and as thick as monofilament line, you can't break it with your hands.
You must be talking about that invisible soul connector
that so many nutcases have written about over the years.
Like the umbilical line of ectoplasm that connects seekers
with the soul of the soul.

The spirit world.
Or the line from every seeker's wallet that connects us,
the Church of the Super Genius, with magnetism.
That reminds me of a costume at the Uncostume Ball at X-Day.
I saw that.
That's true.
There was the Uncostume Ball.
Now that doesn't mean that people are wearing no costume at all
and walking around...
Oh, well, yes it does.
In the case of these two girls,
because this is what Stang is thinking of,
they were connected.
Unclothed bodies were connected with strands of twine,
one of which went to the navel,
and the other which is not describable on family-style radio.
Once again, angelic pubic hairs and demonic pubic hairs.
Angelic enough looking.
I like them.
I thought they were nice.
Two girls who had an umbilical cord on and nothing else.
Yeah.
It was beautiful.
Mm-hmm.
Dude, what kind of pedophile are you?
They still got the umbilical cord in them?
They're adults.
And you find that interesting?
I don't know.
They're adults.
They were well past 18, but they still had this cord.
In fact, I'll tell you this right now.
I tried.
I helped attach it in one case.
Yeah, I was right there.
They wanted my help.
They always want your help.
They always want Dr. House.
That's because they know I will help and not just stand there saying,
They know you'll prescribe any damn drug there is to get your job.
They are half the women at X-Day run up to Dr. House.
Oh, draw Cthulhu on my breast.
Oh, draw Frankenstein on my breast.
That's because I bring pens.
That's your secret.
You know, if you simply...
The fact that you have some choice.
These things don't happen out of, you know, happenstance.
Under that sheepskin, you're a ravening wolf.
I, uh, this sheepskin is an accredited diploma from a major university.
Oh, uh, we're all losing our colors right now.
Not enough for our listeners.
You may not know.
What is the true meaning of Bob is a head of his time?
He is, in fact, a head of his time.
And we'd use that slogan a lot more except somebody else beat us to it with their head.
And time is necessary to sustain the head from nanosecond to nanosecond.
Each pulsating dot floats on the stream of time.
And as time changes from time to time,
the head changes, but remains basically the same.
No teeth, no ears, one huge middle proboscis, three eyes, big, big, big, big, gigantic titties.
Speak for yourself, Dave.
I'm not sure you're seeing the same head all the rest of us see.
Dave, Dave, Dave, we're not talking about your mirror, Daddy-O.
He has an unusual and intimate relation with the Dobbs head, which others can only envy.
And my mirror.
I go in.
I come back out.
Hiding in the mirror.
The secret mirror world.
The mirror world where everyone goes to X-Day every year,
and every year everything stays the same because every fucking one of you doesn't believe.
That's why you're still here.
Look around.
Are there people here who weren't here?
Or are there people who weren't here who are here?
See, they were ruptured.
They, they, they, mm-hmm, yeah.
Pastor Craig said that he suspected that the X,
that the sexists had not come yet because we weren't having enough sex.
So therefore he told me that I should tell all the subgeniuses that sex is now a sin in the church
and you're not to do sex anymore.
This, we figured, was the only way to get them to actually start having sex, is forbid the act of sex.
So as you have announced that.
Motomec announced it via Bullhorn earlier.
Motomec has announced that sex is now forbidden at, in subgenius.


So kids, I think you know what to do.
We need more little subgeniuses.
You know, I couldn't show the slides of my grandson.
I've been wanting to show everybody.
I've got over 4,000 pictures.
Oh, well, all right.
But he has a beaver-shaped head, Stan.
Actually, I just said that to torture all the child haters here.
It's, it's sad.
It's like in that movie, Idiocracy.
The ones that could possibly raise a child properly won't do it because they're afraid they can't.
And the ones who can't, they're not going to be able to raise a child properly.


The ones who never even think about it have 40 kids.
That's me.
I need a maglev device to raise my kids.
There will be no shortage of Stangs nor Smiths.
You'll notice in the coming years, especially Smiths.
A terrifying fact about the world of the future.
And about the etymology and the evolution of Bob himself.
There was little Stangalina.
There was Stangovsky.
There was Stangoff.
Bob and the Seven Dwarfs.
That was one of the fairy tales we didn't get to.
And kids.
Kid Stanky.
He was cute.
He only had one eye too, right?
Yeah, but you know when he grew up, his life was hell.
He became a drug addict.
When he was little Stanky, you know, that was the best time of his life.
He was beloved by Americans.
Like so many child stars.
Don't these extra days remind you of the Little Rascals, friends?
Those old Little Rascals shows where they put on a play to raise money for the orphanage.
I've got a mustache.
I could be the old man.
I could be the old man.







Copyright fire sign.
Ya, thank you, girl.
I noticed Dr. Leguim is dressed up for the beach.
As a woman.
For this genius beach party.
In a beautiful bikini.
His version of a girly girl.
And it's true, actually, Dave, I don't think you were told the schedule.
But at 4 o'clock, everybody jumps into the pool of blood up there and gets Bob-tized.
I just want to ask you.
briefly are you going in to be baptized?
I'm not sure
that I'm worthy but I'd like to be worthy.
You'd like to be baptized. That's wonderful to hear.
And how about yourself?
Just watching.
Just watching perhaps.
But the idea of having the
concept of your sins washed away
that's better than having the sins washed away
isn't it?
It is. It is. That's what I
kind of thought that too.
And so it'll be the first or maybe or not.
Thank you very much.
What's your name? My name is Raven and this is
Petals.
And you're
Reverend
I'm sorry
and you're going in this for the 20th time you've been
baptized? 20th time.
And there's 20th time.
And how do you feel about it?
I'm staying here. Could you please?
Reverend Pop-Tart.
This is your 20th time also
right? 20th time.
And just the idea
of your concept or your sins
which is it is getting removed.
I'm sinless.
I'm perfect.
So then the meta concept of
sin. Maybe you're washing it away
or? You're using big words.
Okay.
Yeah well there's I guess there's a lot of it
in there to get if you
want to.
Some human stew.
Are you?
Oh hi. How are you?
Hi. And how are you doing this year?
I noticed that you were
last year you beat somebody up isn't that correct?
Could you say your name?
Oh Pisces. Yes sir. Reverend Pisces
and you're quite familiar I'm sure
with this ritual because you've
actually you were one of the
I forget the word.
I'm a Cognite but I have
a secret which is. Oh that's
what I was trying to get at because I forgot.
The dirty secret is is that
I've never been baptized.
Okay then.
I don't think I'm going to because I like my sin.
Oh you're kind of hanging on to it then you don't want to you know don't want to you know leave it somewhere and you know.
I thought that you would have to get rid of it on a regular basis.
But apparently that sin sack is not unlike a stomach on a mammal and it keeps expanding.
If you have more and more sin in it almost infinitely expanding.
Well yeah that's one of the main things about it but you know you've got.
From your many Dobbs Co.
products you can actually remove that and they can exfoliate that sack and they could turn it into a new new sack.
I know I recognize that they would have to at this point staple my sin sack in half.
Oh geez that's a delicate thing.
If I was baptized I would yeah with that surgery is a risky surgery but I've stretched my sin sack so large that they might have to actually do a staple kind of deal or so.
it up or something because otherwise it would just be this.
It would be like a broken water balloon.
Oh my God that would be terrible.
Well I don't know if it could be fine I suppose.
Doing that.
No I mean your sin sack at that point you just need to.
Unfortunately the sin sack will not get smaller on its own so I'm just going to have to not lose those sins.
Well it sounds like some of them are having a hard time right now they're actually they're hurting them I don't know what they're they're using those devices.
Yeah.
Again or.
I don't know if it's the devices or the fact that the pool is set up for a balance between male and female pulled organs.
Not organs organs.
Organs right.
And the organs which are part of the orgone process which is has to do with the orgasmic energies of the sexes as explained by Lenny from Hawkwind I think was who explained that.
And Lenny.
Yes.
The guy from Motorhead now is a guitar guitarist kind of guy.
Singer.
Is that is actually a guitar now and a singer to their.
With he has a mole that might be a guitar I'm not real sure but he was explaining about the Oregon Oregon thing and there's too many male polar energy.
Oh I understand that.
And the male polar energy is in that pool or when they're off like that it zaps the participants every so often.
And.
Flashes this thing in front of their eyes that says sausage sausage sausage.
So that's kind of what we're all hoping to do then isn't it.
You know have those things flashing in our heads.
At least most of the time you know because sometimes I guess if it's too much then they'll put you in handcuffs and like shackles and all that.
Like that one time.
But.
Well yeah.
Anyway so.
We are.
I'm wondering what's going to happen though if the balance is off in that in that.
Could be big trouble I mean it could explode or something.
Yeah.
It actually could blow up there.
I think I was hoping it wouldn't anyway.
I think I'm glad that I think I'm glad that you're on hand to document you know do the documentation.
Oh yeah.
Of a potential horror.
Reverend saying is yelling now so we better walk over there because he wanted me to make sure I could hear him yelling and so forth.
Yes.
Stand right here.
Out of the way.
Stand over there.
Yeah.
I can smell myself.
Oh it's it's kind of loud in here and I guess.
Well it looks like a large large pool full of people and most of them are completely and totally buried naked getting sins take taken off of them.
Oh my God.
Look they're just.
I can't really tell which some of them have more than one.
We have like five limbs whatever that means.
It looks like some kind of new horrible ritual.
I'm not familiar with this.
Well yeah I know there there is an element of horror in all this for sure.
Some of the people aren't really what you call full blooded humans.
But.
Oh my God.
Well maybe they're going to stop that or gone split.
You know that you were worried about.
Might be it.
That might just be it.
OK well we'll be right back.
We're here at the baptism and we're going to cut away to a short argument I guess.
I can't remember.
With her.
My.
And the subgenius gang wars are supposed to start up.
It's like it's real blood and the.
Attention gang.
We're going to raid.
We're going to raid the place.
You're going to write a page about.
Yeah.
The problem is the Holocaust.
Are the only ones who want to fight the evangelicals.
They're all busy fucking right now.
It's against the rules.
See any evangelicals in here.
I don't.
I'm the only one here.
And that's only because I have to run the equipment.
Do you see any people with that new rule and ran off for a quick.
Oh.
Well there you go.
Good.
Good.
Then we'll have more little babies here.
Probably.
Yeah.
They'll be scattered on the pond much like the Bodhisattva.
Remember him.
He was a funny guy.
There's a.
A genius here.
That's only about.
16 year old.
Perfect.
Five and a half weeks long.
The strange child.
I saw her last night.
She's not quite old enough to be married off yet.
But.
You know.
Give it another couple of weeks.
Not old enough to marry.
Old enough to bury.
That's what my old grandpa Slim used to say before they fried his ass.
Just.
Just his ass.
Of course.
I mean the rest of them still hanging around here someplace.
There he is.
For the love of.
Old.
My women like I like my whiskey.
12 years old and mixed up with coke.
Well.
For those radio listeners who didn't ever heard that.
Dr.
Legume said he liked his women like he likes his whiskey.
12 years old and mixed up with coke.
No.
Eat over easy with fuzzy ears man.
They grow up so fast.
But not very much.
Unless you have to kill them.
As soon as they grow up.
Because once they grow up they cause trouble.
There's.
On.
A way here for anyone.
We're all headed south somehow.
Dave's.
It was steaming demijohns and flagons of hot job and mug of Merck.
Large.
A manly mug of Merck.
Cream.
Oriental hot cream.
Would you like a.
Made from.
Agar.
Milk.
Do you want it larded with powder.
I want it lard with American lard.
The kind they used to sell in bitten back.
In.
1972.
For.
Those.
They have is some sort of.
Cherry vanilla.
Supreme almond butter extract.
Chemical concoction.
But.
It gets the job done.
Well they removed a large portion of my corpus callosum buddy boy.
So I.
Certainly.
Over this.
Arm load.
If.
They were.
Placed.
With them.
All right.
Dave has an antenna in his head but it only picks up stations from like the 40s.
And.
How he calloused his corpus.
And.
And the hurtful stations.
I remember the.
Make you cry.
Nineteen.
Nineteen.
Sixty three I think.
No no.
Wasn't that was named ninety three man was ninety three.
Well the hurtful first album was.
I thought way back.
Back.
In the sixties.
But.
Well that was when they were in dental school.
But when they grew up to be large.
Well they weren't humans but.
When they grew up that's that's what they became the next version of the hurtfuls.
Well they certainly knew the over drill.
And they were able.
To.
Create.
A career.
Out of it.
And they filled a niche.
As well as stadiums with angry discontented people.
I think Susie should come up here and dance with us.
Yeah.
Seriously.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
She's far better looking than we are for that camera.
We love you Susie.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Yeah.
She never got tired of wall grandma momum distributed.

We can installed a bill.

Used to live with my dad.

Well when everything was great.

And to the process.

I was a little scared.

That you add me to your roles.






End of.



You made me.

Very happy.



On the.
Day.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.


Here is theikka Lem Suff volunteering at the Calvary Center for
Human Rights, a senior Republican working on an ongoing
program entitled Human Rights and senate enforcement for
lahi tamamali.
rover, a Nearrene같in Burke oheroneathon blessed
Lynnnda 911 by 나와계לч.
We have the privilege of assuming azębrahman and
I'm fully licensed in the state of New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, California, and Arizona.
We can also pop up the microphones if you have a lighter.
Well, maybe not.
I don't know.
I could withdraw that offer.
We've got to stay crusty and sharp for the Bobtism, which is coming up very rapidly.
That would be, oh, my goodness.
Look at that.
Oh, my God.
I guess one of them just actually evaporated into thin air.
That's what you call it.
We're standing in weird configurations as if they're sort of the configuration, maybe some sort of pattern passing energy.
I don't exactly know what you mean by pattern.
Oh, like an escapee.
Escapee?
Oh, yeah.
They're getting down.
They're running out the back way there.
And it looks like some of those fully closed security guards are chasing right after them.
I don't know what the deal is with that.
Yeah, they won't get far.
And at least there's no arguments among those being baptized.
They're doing a double check.
It looks like they're trying to confirm who has been done.
So this is not only a baptism, but it's a form of confirmation, right?
Exactly.
Exactly.
Are they going to be giving out them little dobs?
The cookies, you know, with the pipe with the sequins on them?
I don't know.
I know that there was a gentleman last night giving out the dobsian communion wafers, but this seems to be only half of the ritual.
Oh, and now they're all, they just drowned one of the participants and they thought it was funny.
Did we drown Pastor Craig again?
Well, no, he's already dead, but we'll try, maybe we'll get another one in there.
Do they recycle the Pastor Craig's, I guess?
Well, there's quite a few people in there that look just like him, but I don't know if they're his actual doubles or perhaps even his meta double or...
I have no idea, but if you notice, you can see the marking imprints on several of the backs of the creatures.
Oh, that's a mutant of some sort.
Look at that mask, will ya?
No, that's his actual face.
Oh!
They really should go to Dockstown.
They can fix that.
I don't know what they could do about something like that. He looks like he doesn't have a nose or a mouth.
Well, how do you... I thought part of the process was getting the holy water up your sinus cavities.
Oh, oh, oh, there's a new subject.
Oh yeah, she's a young one, I guess about maybe what, 43, 5, 7 years old?
No, I'm just kidding, she's...
And it looks like that she's being...
A non-sexual Baptist.
Oh!
I'm smelling it.
Oh, that's so good.
That's so good.
Oh, now that's your Katahdin for every time.
Right.
Katahdin the groom to stop ties to the new Bible.
Yeah, that's the new model they put out for the Cronyites.
Oh, oh my God, he's put his finger in her eye.
What the heck?
Well, that must be part of it, and she seems fine now.
Albeit with only one eye.
Oh, no, this is too much.
Confession, we got confession, we got all your, you know, everything.
He's been baptized.
He's been baptized.
And there's a polite applause, they're taking most of his body parts out of the pool now, I guess, to assemble him later.
Oh, right.
Yeah!
Get off!
Well, I guess they gave him the hoof her wings, right?
Yeah.
But he's such a good sport of all.
Yeah.
Now people are making this sign of the pipe on his head.
Oh, Dr. Dark, he's gonna...
Dr. Dark!
Steve, you made it finally!
God bless you.
God bless you too.
He's gonna explain, I guess, about the organ thing so the pool doesn't blow up.
Could you say a bit about that?
Exponential existential nausea.
Void were prohibited, but it's essential.
Aesthetic void ahead.
I got things, I gotta do some things, see, some things that I've never done before.
Now, do you understand what he's talking about?
No, I do not, and there...
See, like another confession and then an outburst of some kind.
Some form of water miking is necessary.
You've heard of water miking.
Here we need water miking.
Ah, well, I thought the pool would be some form of acoustic generator.
Well, that's part of it later.
But it's not torture though.
Can you water miking while waterboarding them?
Well, it depends.
Yes, you can if you do it on porpoise.
You put the mic on the porpoise, put the porpoise in the water.
It's very important to take the mic where the bubble is.
Could you explain what just happened?
Yeah, someone bubbled a confession while being waterboarded because they saw Dr. Lagoume's test.
You could see the rats melting and washing off.
Oh, there you go then.
See, I asked someone who knows, you know.
I've never been naked.
This man, this fellow right here is getting baptized, but he said he's never been naked in his life.
And I don't want to be.
You want to keep those sins then, right?
You want to keep them right where you can look at them?
Grandma, I keep them warm and cozy.
To be fair, this man has a bigger sin sack than me.
And that's what's happened.
I'm going to release my sins on the escape vessels.
All at once.
All at once.
Just like those 747s.
They too have purged their fuel.
And right now there's a bunch of purging of sins going on.
I can see them on there floating on the top of the water.
It looks like someone's exhalation in here.
It's sort of as if they covered glitter on the top.
Well, we don't have to worry about the blue bloods drowning.
Susie the floozy's probably been baptized numerous times.
Her breasts alone neutralized 12 males.
And that's what's happened.
We got her good on that one.
She was in some sort of epileptic tizzy that involved the bouncing of the breasts.
And he saved her life just now in front of all of us.
That certainly is something.
It was such a sight and life-saving moment.
Could have been real tragic.
Everybody is.
Yes, but he saved her life.
Thank you.
Thank you.






Susie the floozy.
And your soul, too, by getting rid of whatever it could have been.
Well, we're going to have to ask Susie what it was like there.
She's kind of a luminary of the iglesia, so to speak.
And this is probably her maybe 300th.
How many times have you been baptized, Susie the floozy?
Not nearly enough.
I'm still so steeped in sin.
Look at me.
I'm like tea-stained dentures.
You can't wash it off of me.
Yeah, it just won't come off unless you really get in there and, you know.
Well, I'm kind of like...
I'm like China, you know.
I had a nice, nice sheeny surface, but it's crazed.
And when things get crazed, stuff soaks in.
Oh, yeah, so you're saying like you're like a cracked cup or something.
I bet that's got...
It's all in my crack.
Oh, hey.
Yeah, I don't know what to make of that, but...
I think it's time to...
You should probably check with the victims.
I mean...
Well, there are quite a few of them, too.
And we'll have to check on...
And I'm going to have to run and check on any victims who have run away.
Yeah, I have to go and put my socks in hot water.
So I guess that's about partially it from...
Yeah.
Absolutely.
It's good to work with you on this.
Nice working with you, Helen.
Or I mean, Pisces.
I'm sorry.
I use your other fake name.
You've had a number of co-hosts over the years.
Yes, and I...
You know, one time I was blind for a while there after the, you know, the explosion.
But at least you had a good, you know, background on the whole event.
You know, with that upside-down Dobbs head in the back of my eyeball,
I tend to be able to see the emanations on people and things.
For example, Dr. Lagume here, you notice you can see the changes that happen from being in that water.
Yep.
Yep.
Much like yourself.
I mean, you pulled through fine, and so did you.
Absolutely.
It's been a real treat.
I don't know if that's the right word, but...
Absolutely, it has.
And I hope you enjoy your sock necessity.
And I am going to wander off and take care of my employment.
You know, it sounds like I peed myself, but I didn't.
Being an employee of Bob, I'm often called to the cause.
Well, we'll keep you on call.
We've got your cell right here, and if you want to phone in one, we'll be right back with you.
Absolutely.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Well, that was a rather bogus report.
If you ask me, a rather truncated, shortened report from what was really going on here.
But I guess that's the best they can do with the editing.
They've got...
And then you'll want to stick around for the continuation of the auction.
The fabulous auction, which only got started yesterday, and will roll on through this evening,
starting around 7 p.m., following the gang war, which follows the Bobtism.
Now that you have had your sins cleansed, be aware.
At 6.30 tonight, Reverend Angry Larry will be performing a mass wedding.
A shorter per mark.
Also an announcement for the Blue Lady Cafe.
You can all agree.
The Blue Lady Cafe will just fall out of my family tree.
Until 10.
They will be open as long as people come and buy stuff there.
And I ain't no lame-ass motor man.
Shh.
Sucking dick on the corner for a fistful of cracks.
More gangs coming.
Gang.
Well, what's the other gang besides your gang, my dear?
There's other gangs.
Everybody's supposed to form their own gang.
I can tell you, every evangelical is standing right here.
Get him!
I don't think there's really a whole lot of gang warring.
I don't want to be in the war at all.
I'm not a warring type.
I'd rather eat and sleep.
Well, I know.
I'd rather videotape if there's going to be something like that.
I'm not going to eat and sleep until I...
I mean, I can eat and sleep when I'm dead, you know.
Or sleep, anyway.
Now, the gang war, what we want to do tonight is make sure that those people who are fully licensed to carry planks and other orbitures
and don't take off their clothing before they begin the gang fight, it may confuse some of the gangies.
And also, we need a few umpires, a couple referees.
And also, some people with guns.
Anybody out there carrying maybe a Tek-9, 5?
Okay.
There is a gun.
There's the head referee right there.
The short duration shotgun wedding was supposed to be or will be performed at some time today, rather.
That is one scheduled event that's going to take place.
And there's going to be a lot of unendurable crying, a lot of ringing of hands, and pails of feet.
Okay, everyone's got like five minutes to find out who they're going to marry or what they're going to marry.
I'm going to marry in a chair.
Because it's comfy as all day now.
What? Oh yeah, your chair.
You better bring that up here, man.
Like right here.
Sit right there.
They don't expect that they're going to get laid even if they get married.
Oh no, this is a you will get laid marriage.
You have to.
You have to.
Okay, step right up.
Can you feel this?

Feel the spirit.
Can I get a fucking praise bob?
Praise Bob!
Don't get in the way.
Don't let her ask.
Praise Junitani.
Now, put your hands on one another.
Everyone's pretty much doing that already.
Better be careful.
That's how babies are born.
This is a bond of sub-holy wedlock.
So no matter what physical position these beloved may take in the next 24 hours,
their moral standing,
shall remain upright.
So, if there are any jealous losers here who believe that this marriage should not take place,
not even in a short duration fashion,
you know what, nevermind, we don't fucking hear about that.
Now, put your hands on each other.
Hold on real tight.
Do you, man and or object, take this woman and or object to be your lawful wedded wife?

In short duration sub-genius matrimony, to have and to hold,
in fact, to do just about anything it fucking wishes?
For a period of 24 hours,
for richer, for poorer, sickness and kinkiness,
through any hardship that may befall in the next 24 hours,
say I do.
I do!
By the authority vested in me by J.R. Bob Dobson,
in defiance of laws and states of nature,
I now pronounce you man and or object and wife and or object for the next 24 hours.
Now you must kiss one another.
I, I, oh, okay.
You are now duly authorized and excused for sexual couplings of any perverse unspeakable kind
for a period of 24 hours starting now.
If you don't,
you will make a mockery of the sacred institution of marriage,
ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
It is done!
A man and a woman, praise Bob!
Inhale, party!
Wailing and gnashing of mandibles.
I think the shotgun wedding happens during the Bobby Awards.
It's one of the awards.
All right, yes, so stay tuned for the Bobby Awards.
All the more reason to go to that glamour fest,
which will occur on the day of X-Day itself.
Yeah, that'll be on my escape vessel, too.
Tomorrow at 4.
Well, who asked, how is Babby formed?
That was during the Ask Dr. Hal show part that we had yesterday.
That was one of the questions that came to my desk.
How is Babby formed?
What's, what's Babby?
I thought it was, uh...
Bonnie Day?
I took it as, how is Babby formed?
Well, that's your interpretation.
How about this one?
How, how, how, how's Babby, how, how, how, how's Babby?
I thought that's, uh...
I expected you wanted a demonstration, right?
Well, see me after the show.
All right, well, now we're getting somewhere with a concrete response.
I can...
Yeah, we give sex education.
Heavy, weighted, freighted.
And what kind of...
I'm a grandpa, so I know all about that kind of stuff.
What, what do you teach the kids in sex education?
Not to do it in front of grandma.
I thought that was not to do it in front of an adultery,
because that was adultery.
adultery. Yeah, I actually had to tell my son, now, son, that's a private thing, and don't do
that in front of grown-ups, and especially not Ma-Mamie. And he said, and a little time went by,
let go of his dick for a minute, and then he goes, dad, would you leave so I can continue with my
private stuff? I said, no, you're going to have to wait just like I did. Well, child-rearing,
you can tell who's been through it. And everyone who has actually had a child is an adult, but
everyone who has not had a child is eternally a child. Let's keep that straight. Well, some
children have had adults two or three at a time, I guess. Nowadays, things have changed so much,
so rapidly as we approach. The child is father to the man. And sometimes, in one zygote, he pulls
off the machinery, right? That's what you're trying to say to me? Well, something?
All right.
On that TV show, Lost, the child literally is the father to the man. I think every character is
going to find out that they're their own parents. That's better than being your own grandpa.
That's my theory about that show. Everybody is everybody else's parents,
and Miles is going to adopt himself. What a nightmarishly claustrophobic setup.
Yeah. Speaking of becoming a dad, have any of you ever noticed the phrase,
when you're looking at cute girls, cute derriere, and some guys will go,
huh?
Hey, look at those wind gates.
Wind gates?
I hadn't heard that one before.
Wind gates?
Check out the mud flaps on that baby.
Sometimes the wind gates are all chained shut.
Sometimes.
Man, that's some lug nuts on that dude.
On those double wides.
Check the carburetor on her neck.
All right, let's bring it down to a...
Okay, we have to start wrapping this up because we have to jump in the pool. I have to jump in the pool,
and help wash away the concept of sin from these folks.
See, Dr. Legume's getting ready. Okay.
He was just smiling at the concept of sin.
Stop on my recording.
Oh, this is...
Are they getting out of the water?
Anybody else will.
They're going around in circles now.
Oh, they're not supposed to do that.
No, they like broke the pool one time.
Okay, now there appears to be some trouble brewing.
Ah.
It's gone so well so far. You know, everything was just absolutely perfect, and then all of a sudden,
some of the younger, wilder crew decided to...
I would have to have some major, major soul surgery, and it won't work.
You know what it's like.
Well, you know.
You need a laser aura piercing.
Remember Tater Gumfreeze has got that going for him there.
Yeah.
But doesn't that leak out the...
Yeah.
The saintly and the sin...
You know, I don't know.
I didn't read through to the end of those posts, but he's got it all worked out with quantum mechanics and everything.
Well, you see, it depends on the source of interface.
If you just, you know, if you're just ramming it right through like the forehead or something, yeah, you're going to have saint stuff, sin stuff, and all sorts of weird goo going out everywhere.
You have to hit just the right spot in order for the sin fluid to leak out.
No.
I was explaining that I don't do that because of my...
I don't want to lose the sin.
You want to keep the sin.
Because my sin sac has stretched out so bad.
Oh.
And then it would be kind of like a mammalian stomach, and you'd have to staple it.
But in getting that done, there's only like three guys who do it.
One of them is Philodruman, I think, actually does that surgery.
And then the guy in Zurich that you mentioned.
Yeah, the guy in Zurich, and Bob himself.
And I don't know if I trust any of them for that surgery.
It's probably not covered either.
Oh, it's never covered. It doesn't... your deductible will not handle your sin sac stapling.
It never happens. It never does.
Not even the good plants?
No, no, no. You know, Lord Swath over there had like the premium of Dobbsian psychic surgery plans, and they told him no as well.
Oh.
But ironically, those two, like Stang and a few others who were on the sort of Dobbs-provided retirement health care plan...
The senatorial type plan.
Yeah, that particular soul care plan will cover it.
There it is.
Which is why you see so many older subgeni walking around with an empty and well-formed sin sac.
Like a walnut.
Right.
Versus the young ones.
Their sin sacs are all stretched out. It's sort of an opposite situation.
Or an acorn.
Well, I think, I guess they were trying to describe the eggy-like mass that develops some of these...
Yeah, they don't seem to mind... I'm sorry, I've got to get back to this.
Well, we can't talk about it much further. That's the problem.
It's just, there's not much... there's things that certain, you know...
Mr. Sister and I share knowledge that...
That shouldn't probably be out there.
No, not at all.
I just didn't want to have to get back to this.
You shouldn't repeat these things to others unless you... they know it already.
So it's kind of a... is it like a catechism or something you've got to learn, you've got to buckle down and study?
It's a secret knowledge. Whether it's a walnut or an acorn, you know, this is private.
Sometimes it's just a seed, but sometimes it's many seeds put in the acorn.
Yes, there can be stones in the acorn.
Sometimes the walnut will hold many, many, many seeds of knowledge.
This is true. And you drain your sin out of your walnut so that...
Right.
The seeds can...
Right, so that...
Germinate.
What they do.
Right, right, because as seeds of sin...
I understand that in certain subgenius types and models that they will even come out on their own.
With no...
Sometimes at night you will release your sins.
Right, right, right. And this doesn't happen to the Kaniyite model.
Well, see this is a mystery of the Kaniyites that we just don't understand.
We suspect that they have the joy without the release, however.
Praise the mafia.
Actually, I'm not so sure I'd agree with that. I mean, there is some evidence that...
It's universal in all models. You know, I mean, it's...
You're talking about the sin sack? Is there...
Is it in all quantum... Jeez, everywhere?
Oh, yes. The world is one big sin sack if you think about it.
I never thought of it that way. That's an erudite thought, you know, if there ever was one for crying out loud.
They were announcing the war, I believe they were just announcing. The spontaneous battle.
Seven o'clock will be the continuation...
Just notice...
Now that we've got our acorn and walnuts back, we're able to go into battle.
Pat your nuts together, eh? They're all in one place.
Yeah, yeah.
Just took the work of... You have to have two people involved and your nuts and acorns will sort themselves out, but you do need two models.
What do you think about those South American doctors that were not trained in the United States or Malaysia?
They're not trained in the United States.
Oh, I would not actually trust that for any... There's two surgeries that you really only want to do with a professional, as I think a few of us here are familiar.
One is soul snipping when you have a little too much soul. That's a very delicate surgery that you don't want to hand over to some Argentinian hack.
The other one would be, again, this sin sack stapling, as I discussed.
I think that should only be done by a true trustworthy professional.
Or really bad things can happen like leakage, burning...
Itching, I suppose. Psychic itching at least.
Yeah, and if there's a leak in the sin sack, it can sometimes become disaffected, which can cause, again, as you and I both have talked about in previous, it was a swelling and things like that.
Yeah, you don't want your sack to become disillusioned, I suppose.
No.
I've heard that the sin sack...
The sin sack cannot become infected because it's already full of bad stuff.
Well, I think Reverend Paisley's already...
It was disaffected. It becomes disaffected. You're right, it could not become infected. It can become disaffected.
The worst thing that can happen is there will be often a soul or space gas buildup if for some reason there is a non-sin or saintly goes into the sin sack, something of a saintly nature.
And the sin sack will start to expand with a sort of space or soul gas, which usually just typically leads to flatulence.
See, you do.
Well, that doesn't sound good.
Can't you clear that up with like an infusion of sea monkeys, though? I hear they eat that kind of material when it's introduced to the system in such a way.
Well, that's an interesting idea.
I don't know. I haven't had any experience with that. Mr. Sister has been an expert in some of this and he may have some experience.
Well, there are...
There are some subgenii who have tried to use peen worms to eat up the sin.
Peen worms?
Yeah, and they... It just simply... Well, it's tragic what has happened.
What's a peen worm?
Well, it's best left to the imagination what that might be, but you see it's a worm that will go into the sin sack and they thought it would suck the sin.
Oh, yeah.
But instead it, you know...
Like the maggots back in your old days.
Yeah, it's just...
The leeches.
Yeah.
You know, it's just... It creeps you out in the first place, but it's been proven to be ineffective.
There's just a small tribe of subgenii in Luxembourg that... They hang around in caves and they stay away from all slack and they maintain that it works, but they're hideously deformed.
Yeah.
So, a simple...
Thank Dobbs for that, you know.
A simple baptism is all you need to get the same thing.
One wipe does it all, I guess, you know.
That's right, because, you know, in Luxembourg, you just don't go out in tubs of water because they're only maybe three weeks a year when they're not frozen.
Well, I mean, it's probably expensive beer or something.
Yeah, yeah.
Water's very expensive.
The prince, you know, maintains ironclad control over the water in the tubs.
Hi.
How are you?
Oh, we were just talking...
I'm fine.
We were talking about...
You didn't get your sins washed away now, did you?
I didn't.
What is it?
It's just a microphone.
It's asking you if you...
You didn't get...
No, they weren't washed away?
You were going to taste me.
Yeah, right.
Like, I know where you live.
You were in my physics class.
Well, that was one thing, I guess, that it took care of.
How about...
Did you...
No, I didn't get baptized.
So, you wanted to keep your sins, too?
I love my sins.
There's another one, just another one who loves her sins.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.








I don't know.

I'm ashamed of them.
Are you going to polish them up or keep them in a special place of any kind?
I'm going to let them collect for a while.
I haven't made up my mind yet.
I'm saving mine up for a new car.
Well, I guess that's a good way of looking at it.
You know, get a new car and...
But then, someday soon, then, you're going to try it, though, right?
I'll do it.
Yeah.
Hold on.
Let's see.
I forgot what I was...
Did you get your...
Excuse me, sir.
Did you get your sins washed...
The concept of your sins erased.
I did so against the law, sir.
It's my will.
So he was forced into it, and you refused?
I just let him be forced into it, though, yeah.
And you refused also?
I didn't refuse.
I just, you know, slacked off and watched instead of jumping in the pool.
Now, when they gouged out that poor little girl's eye, did you see that, any of you?
I was really excited about it.
She had it coming.
She had it coming.
While they were calling her, you dirty little brat, one was trying to drown her, I guess.
Do you still think it's all right?
She needed to find Bob, and, you know, whatever it takes, however long.
That sounds a little stern to me, but do you agree with that?
Why not?
Well, there you go.
Three out of five say it was a good thing that happened to that poor child there, but I guess when the—
I'm sorry, sir.
They should make a law.
Well, there you go.
And maybe they already did.
Did you have anything to say about it?
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob is all I—well.
These are the denizens, and they seem to enjoy what they're doing.
They seem to be happy, not alarmed by anything.
That baptism, you know, I've done baptisms 14 times—baptisms 14 times now.
And this one was the closest to plumper heaven I've ever done.
Oh, yeah.
And Dr. Leguien was kindly.
Now, he, of course, being the world's smartest subgenius, placed himself at the entrance so he could baptize the girls as they came into the pool.
Nonetheless, he was merciful and allowed me to double baptize the ones that he knew were the double girls.
Well, I was imagining that what was happening is, is you were taking the time to ask the questions.
He was just kind of going by, do you—yeah, okay, slam, and then go to the next one.
And he was, like, ripping them out real quick, and then you were over there still, like—
Doing the master's.
Oh, I try to remember.
Remember their names and have a special gag for each one.
Last year, I remembered all the names except Reverend Venus Envy, which you'd think somebody would remember.
Yeah, Chaz was in a band called Venus Envy.
But we have strayed so far away from where we were trying to bring back the good news, the happy word from X-Day,
the word that we weren't all fried to a crisp out there, and neither was anybody else.
And Ivan Stang has some—
Well, I guess I took it off.
I'm talking about Dinosaur.
Yeah, if you want to ramp up with some new revelations.
Well, it's not so much that.
We just had a fabulous X-Day.
The turnout was great, as usual.
There were about five people from this city.
And everybody else was—
Everybody else came from other countries or San Francisco or—
Oh, God, there were people.
There were two from Alabama.
And nice guys, too.
Yeah, yeah.
Absolutely straight-up nice guys.
What about the Uruguayans, you guys who met them, of course?
Because of the loud noise.
Well, nobody could understand their accent.
But they were friendly, and they were generous with their thoughts.
There were people from Uruguay there.
They were from Uruguay, and they hipped us to this salsa thing that we began the show with.
Man, I—
And then they found a four-leaf clover within the first hour they were there.
I'm looking over a four-leaf clover that I've overlooked before.
One thing I should say about this last X-Day.
It was the coldest, rainiest one yet.
And which only served to draw the newcomers, the shy subgeniuses, together for shelter.
Is that snow? It's freezing out in here.
It actually was bitter.
It was bitter cold on July 5th at 6.30 in the morning.
It was the day the earth froze.
And it was rainy and horrible for the first three days, and yet—
And whiny and horrible.
Oh, it wasn't whiny, though.
Everybody had to, you know, made the best of it.
As we know that it's going to be terrible weather at least one day at X-Day,
and we felt rather honored to have three days of dreadful, horrible, freezing, drizzling rain.
It was good weather to be back in bed in, you know, and all snug and tucked away.
Well, we had to, instead of the drive-in bad films, we watched them indoors in this big studio.
We saw Robot Monster, for one.
I must, and yet I cannot.
Our subgenius classic.
And we saw—
And we had Jiffy Pop.
That's right. I hadn't smelled Jiffy Pop in a long time.
See, they don't go for their microwave ovens and that other modernistic grepple.
They have—
You hold it over the fire and it pops up.
Now, what do they call them?
There was a subgenius gang war.
He used Iconoclast or Luddite or—no, what is it?
A Jiffy Pop fan.
A Jiffy Popper.
But there was a subgenius gang war.
And I could hear distant detonations going on all the time.
Well, the thing is that what we discovered about the subgenius gang wars is that every subgenius is its own gang.
And so what you ended up with was—
A field of a couple of dozen youths squirting each other wildly with squirt guns loaded with—
Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah.
Ha, ha, ha.
I'm just picking on everybody.
Is your squirt gun a poison sprayer?
Which one has the hydrogen fluoride?
We'll find out.
The goons has got DDT.
Now, one set of squirt guns—
Hal and I had—
Had secretly loaded with Yellow Jacket Wasp Attractant.
Now that it's all over, we can admit this.
Yeah, the other squirt guns had Yellow Jacket Wasp Repellent.
So had the subgeniuses been able to organize, one team could have won.
But as it turned out, everybody was covered with both juices, and it evened out.
It's too bad I left my notes, because I could tell you just what Yellow Jackets were attracted, but my notes I don't have with me.
Well, did it work on paper wasps, only on Yellow Jacket Wasps?
Yes, but there are many different varieties of Yellow Jackets, which can be found even in a single area.
And you tell this by the abdominal markings.
But as I said, I don't have my notes, but I've got them at home.
Speaking of abdominal markings, you've been listening to the underbelly of Cleveland Radio.
Oh, excuse me, let me button this up.
WCSB Cleveland.
Never saw those ones before.
We are out of time.
We are completely out of time.
Cat carried away.
Oh, that's all right.



Holy number.
Rocknard and Dave, I want to thank you for calling in.
All right, thank you very much, Dr. Howell.
Thank you, Reverend Stang.
Thank you, Princess Lee.
I thank you, Dr. Sinister, for letting us have these two hours of yours.
The pleasure was all mine.
And your post-X Day extravaganza.
He was just smiling at the concept of sin.
I thought you were going to stop the meta-concept of sin.
Shut up!
Okay.
And now this brings to end this version of...
The Hour of Slack.
Part 29.
We move...
They're always so happy when it's over.
Have you noticed that?
That's when they laugh and applaud and get big smiles.
They laugh and applaud.
Well, okay.
Bob saved my life with his uncanny ability.
You and Bob must have imagined it.
For Pete's sake.
Come on, Bob.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.


Good night.
Sorry for anyone who's a friend of...
What?
Subgenius.com
Subgenius.com
