Welcome to Vox System. How may I help you?
The mind of man has always longed to know what lies beyond the world we live in.
Explorers have ventured into the deeps and the heights.
Of these explorers, some are scientists, some are mystics.
Each is driven by a different purpose.
The one thing they share in common is a wish to cross the borderlands that lie beyond
the subgenius power of slack.
Stand by.
Stand by, please.
1-3-0
1-3
1-3-0
1-3
1-3-0
1-3

1-3-0
1-3-0
Okay, this is bad.
Everyone's gonna know I don't belong here.
Wait, nobody's noticing me.
But how can that be? Don't they know I'm a...
They don't notice because I look just like them.
Wow, no dirty looks.
Could it be a place where I finally fit in?
Oh, this is so awesome!
I can't believe nobody's picking up my...
I thought so.
Yeah, still got that new kid smell.
What should we do to him first? Wedgie?
The Horses.
You see, sir, we kinda have this monster club, okay?
And we draw those pictures to put on our clubhouse walls.
Correction, Mr. Crenshaw.
You draw pictures during Mrs. Carlson's science class when you're supposed to be paying attention.
Wait, I just wanna say one thing.
I mean, Mrs. Carlson's a nice guy.
She's a nice teacher and all.
But she's boring and has an odd-shaped head.
That's why some of the guys call her Meow-mix.
Because her head's shaped like a cat head.
But I don't circus. How rude.
I hear you!
I was a kid once.
I thought monsters were cool.
And maybe, well, gosh, maybe I'm just a big kid because Sean, Patrick, I think science is cool.
I dig it, man.
Now, I'm sure both of you know a great deal about monsters, but that's not the issue here.
The issue is science is real.
Monsters are not.
Now, uh, what was this about a monster?
Come on, you can't expect us to believe that.
Let's go over that again.
I believe you probably think you saw something.
You know, the human mind's a funny thing.
It plays strange tricks.
Are you guys trying to tell us that...
Aliens, space monsters, bring on some kind of brave new world!
And they're gonna whip your butt real good.
But they're really pretty, so you won't mind.
Yeah, they got big tentacles and flowers on their hats and everything.
Come on, you don't really believe all that stuff about normies, do ya?
Uh, yeah, I do.
Deuce, my mummy, my daddy, taught me a long time ago that they are not to be trusted.
classroom Hell with 라고
Find paper curry

Simple question. Are you prepared?
Whoa!
Ooh, indeed!
Oh, my...
Ooh!
Watch it, Normie.
Oh, I'm part monster too, Manny. See?
Finally! Sweet music, thank you.
I have been trapped in that nerdy Normie for way too long.
Oh, man! Battery's low.
I better rock this school while I can.
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
What is Monster Zero?
The demon of our galaxy.
Monster Zero is the reason we cannot live on the surface,
but must forever live underground like this.
Alert all units. Monster has begun the attack.
Everything is numbered here.
The monster is zero.
Emergency.
Emergency. Emergency.
The hydrogen oxide plant has been damaged.
Now, these have been meaningless to you
because you're not a monster fan geek.
You're a rock and roller or a writer type or something.
You're a girl. You're a girl.
So it wouldn't mean anything to you.
Because to you, a monster is just some fictitious creature
of a madman's imagination.
You...
Could a madman cough?
Like I am coughing now?
Could a madman shriek like this?
Could a...
Slap the cuffs on him. Janie's bleeding.
What was that crash all about?
Hmm, let me check it out.
Oh.
Looks like a Normie car.
And...
Um, hello?
Are you alive?
Oh, where is he?
Where am I?
Um, this is Monster High.
Um, I'm pretty sure you crashed your car here.
Um, I don't even know my name.
I think I'm confused.
Uh...
Uh...
I guess I better take him home.
MUSIC
MUSIC
MUSIC
MUSIC
MUSIC
MUSIC
MUSIC
MUSIC
MUSIC
MUSIC
Um, hi. I'm Frankie.
I'm a student at Monster High.
I found you when your car crashed.
Car crash?
Um, I don't know what you're talking about, but...
Mmm...
Whoa!
I don't even know you.
Besides, you're a Normie, and I'm a monster.
But we don't go together.
Oh...
Okay.
Okay.
Some of you guys, I don't know, it's gonna be rough.
You're gonna have to make do with some of the squamous aliens
that pass themselves off as sex goddesses.
But as Hal was saying last night,
their pheromones are so strong, you won't care.
That's right.
They touched upon that in that movie Galaxy Quest.
The actor playing the actor who plays the Bones character
fell in love with an alien woman on that, and when he...
When she lost control,
and started squirting tentacles up out of her body,
that turned him on even more.
He was the subgenius of that movie.
Analy!
Who was it that told me?
I think it was Doc Fropp.
He said, I like my coffee like I like my women.
Analy.
Analy.
It was one I wasn't expecting.
Who goes there, friend or enema?
Guys!
Are you watching this?
Meet Joe Normie.
Pleasant, hardworking man of the people
nearly every day of the year.
Except one.
Halloween!
The night he and a thousand of his closest Normie friends
turn into a crazed monster-hunting goon squad.
Run for the hills, everyone!
This... this... this can't be right, but...
They will do anything and everything to make your life miserable.
Wait, what about Trick or Treat?
Glad you asked.
Uh, what?
What?
Don't fall for any of their tricks or treats.
They are traps designed to lure you out of hiding
so they can haul you away.
No.
Lock your doors and stay inside.
If you are unlucky enough to find yourself outside,
do anything to avoid being discovered.
It's those monsters that attempt to stand up and fight back
who are the most at risk.
Don't let this happen to you.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!

Mr. Rotter, this film can't be right.
I mean, monsters forced to run and hide,
Normies coming to get us.
That is the unfortunate history of Halloween.
Ah!
I assure you this is no laughing matter.
Halloween is only days away.
But... but my magazine said this is a fun time with costumes and candy and...
Frankie!
These Normie magazines are jammed full of lies.
See?
Even though the Normies may seem like they can be trusted,
all rules go out the window on Halloween.
Who knows what they might be capable of?
But I had an idea about that bonfire.
What if next year, instead of the Woodbusters building it
in the magnificent pyramid style that they've done,
what if it looked like one of those old castles in a Frankenstein movie?
And we'd get to be the villagers with the torches!
Haven't you ever wanted to do that?
Actually, I always wanted to be the monster on top of the thing
throwing boulders onto the villagers with the torches
or, you know, the hunchback pouring the lava down on them and stuff.
But only the Woodbusters get to do that.
Dun-na-na-na-na. Dun-na-na-na-na.
I am Holt Hyde, the Normie Slayer.
Dun-na-na-na-na-na.
Uh! Uh! Uh! Uh! I'm in pain! Uh!
Shut up, Normie.
Why are you doing this?
Because Normies are vile creatures who will kill you on sight for being different.
Dun-na-na-na-na. Dun-na-na-na-na.
I hate Normies.
They're so stupid.
But that makes you the same as Normies.
I am nothing like you.
Get ready, filth.
Huh?
Please, I just want to go home and be normal.
Dun-na-na-na-na. Dun-na-na-na-na.
Shut up.
Dun-na-na-na-na-na-na-na.
So you're Holt, the Normie Slayer.
Dun-na-na-na-na-na. Dun-na-na-na-na.
You're another Normie. I'll kill you, too.
Dun-na-na-na-na-na-na. Dun-na-na-na-na-na.
Oh, really?
Dun-na-na-na-na-na-na.
You haven't been kind to humans.
So I'm going to show you what it's like
to be one.
Dun-na-na-na-na-na.
No! No!
No!
Dun-na-na-na-na-na.
I look out upon this field of faces,
this huge crowd, and I think,
how many here,
when they saw that monster movie,
was there a single one here
who was rooting for the humans to kill the monster?
I think not.
I think almost everyone here did the opposite
of what they were meant to do, and they went,
oh, great, the monster's destroying the town.
I hope he makes it to the next town to destroy that.
And at the end, of course, invariably,
at the end of a Hollywood pink movie,
the monster gets killed.
At the end of Independence Day,
which Hollywood released on X Day 1996,
at the beginning of our first X Days, who won?
The humans.
With some foolish computer code
that any alien could see right through in a nanosecond.
They...
How likely is that?
An America Online virus saved the humans from X Day.
Oh, yeah, according to Hollywood.
The one monster movie I've seen that shows hope
is the Cloverfield monster,
which at the end of which, you know that thing's not dead.
Excellent, yes.
All that's left of New York is the code name Cloverfield,
because there's no way else to truly describe the horror of what happened.
Yeah, they had to...
That was a movie that ended with hope,
the hope that every human died and that monsters inherited the Earth.
Because are we not those monsters that they fear?
Well, we are.
Where are the monsters walking among them?
The movie's even more subtle than that, Stan.
Some of us, it's obvious, like Reverend Skull over there.
You can tell just by looking at him, he's one of the monsters.
Then there are others who are a little bit more subtle in their monstrosity,
such as the big boss of this area, Reverend Back It On Up.
You'd never think that she was...
Aside from the gigantic cranium, you'd think she was a human being.
You'd hardly look twice at her.
Well, actually, most people probably, a lot of guys do.
Yeah, speak for yourself.
Sneak a second look.
But let's not get bogged down in the doctrine here.
We were trying to address the hearts and minds and glands, really.
Forget the minds, they're pointless in this church,
but the glands, the feeling of slack.
You can make a show.
You can make a show.

Walking down a darkened hallway
Everybody tends to look at you
It's not because you're different
It's just because you're so scary cool
A sinister style mystery with a smile
You're drop-dead gorgeous, drop-dead gorgeous
Skull keeps me in creeps, but when I'm with my peeps
I can't ignore us
Swear the ghoul kids rule
Monster, monster high, monster high
Monster, monster high
Come on, don't be shy
Monster high, a party never dies
Monster, monster high, monster high
Monster, monster high
Freaky, she can fly
Monster high, we're student bodies
Yeah, I'm the freak that's got me falling apart
Uh, Draculaura is stealing my heart
Cloudy and woofy make me hallow the moon
I'm gonna unify this mission, this lagoon
I'm Cleo the Nile, you so big, I'm gonna be the king of the moon
I'm the king of the sky, even though you act so vile
And Deuce has stone cold style
These are my boobs, my skeleton crew
A little strange, but so are you
Don't you wanna be a monster too?
Oh, freaky just got fabulous
Everybody wants a piece of you
Best eyes, best smile, let's be realistic
Most characteristic, most hip and horrific
A sinister style mystery with a smile
You're dropped and gorgeous
You're dropped and gorgeous
Cause high school gives me the creeps
But when I'm with my peeps
You can't ignore us
Swear the ghoul kids rule
Monster, monster high, monster high
Monster, monster high, come on, don't be shy
Monster high, a party never dies
Monster, monster high, monster high
Monster, monster high, freaky, she can fly
Monster high, we're student bodies
M-O-N-S
T-E-R
Monsters, monsters, so bizarre
M-O-N-S
T-E-R
Monsters, monsters, yes we are
M-O-N-S
T-E-R
Monsters, monsters, so bizarre
M-O-N-S
T-E-R
Monsters, a party never dies
Monster, monster high, monster high
Monster, monster high, freaky, she can fly
Monster high, we're student bodies
We've got spirits, yes we do
We've got spirits, how about you?
We've got spirits, yes we do
We've got spirits, how about you?
Monster high, monster high
Monster high, we're student bodies
Monster high, monster high
Monster high, we're student bodies
Monster high, monster high



Monster high, we're student bodies
Find anything, Bob?
No, doctor, not a thing.
There you are. You see, there's no sign of any excessive radio activity anywhere in the area.
Odd, wouldn't you say, for something coming in from outer space?
I don't know what's odd and what isn't any more.
but I do know I expected you to be more open to the idea than the others.
You're a man of science.
And therefore less inclined to witchcraft, John.
Not witchcraft, Dr. Snell.
Imagination.
Willingness to believe that there are lots of things that we don't know anything about.
Look, there was a time when people thought the Earth was a level plane
between two mountains that were set there to hold up the sky,
and that the stars were lamps hung from that sky.
Then a better idea came along, and people were willing to listen.
Be realistic, John.
We've worked together before.
In the meantime, you can do an article for us.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
An intense young man.
Yeah, and an odd one, too.
More than odd, Bob.
Individual and lonely.
A man who thinks for himself.
Report on the arrival of strangers from outer space.
There were so many strangely named, and yet appropriately named,
B, or psychotronic phobias.
Weird movies, none of which notably
like the ones mentioned in the films of the time.
He has silence and
Since details of myself in any boat is much greater than about theITY
over the hand you have fotos of stay-at-home
ranking.
Moment间
Yes, this goes to see if


be
Bersow
and consistently coped with the
And so you have fascist figures like Marshall Thompson in Fiend Without a Face running through the woods to blow up the atomic reactor, a typical muddle-headed solution, to stop the invasion of hopping, flopping brains and spinal cords.
That was actually a more unusual monster than others.
There are those who believe that something mysterious lives in the south of England.
Wherever there are lake monsters, there are people just like this.
Locals, visitors, scientists and investigators yearning to become lake monsters.
There's one man who supports a lake monster.
I feel blessed.
So long.
I love the desert because my favorite monsters come from the desert.
Giant ants, giant spiders, giant men, giant scar-faced men.
Giant.
Scar-faced men, yes.
Scar-faced spider ant wolves.
Generation.
Yeah, the mummy was brought back.
And as Ivan Stang was saying the other night, he's sort of pathetic.
He's a pathetic character shuffling along with one arm tied up in bandages.
But just like George Romero's zombies, he ultimately gets you.
However palsied and slow his movements.
Because he persists.
And even though he bumbles and bumps into doors and knocks into things and moves slower than your 80-year-old grandfather with a walker,
he eventually gets to where he's going, which is where you are.
And pretty soon you are no more.
But he can...
Continues to shuffle along.
Shuffling and shuffling.
Baby stamp.
But there's a moment of pathos.
I'm just scared it begins with one little baby stamp.
In even the crummiest mummy movie where they spill the tanner leaf tea on the floor.
And then all of a sudden it's not shuffle anymore, is it, Mr. Mummy?
It's down on the floor trying to lick up the tanner juice with his disintegrating non-existent tongue.
And pretty soon it's just another bundle of old rags and cloth.
And bones while the bovine hero and heroine embrace.
And the music comes up.
It's a terrible fate.
I'm sure it's only subgeniuses who are keenly aware of that moment.
Greater than any tragedy in Greek plays or in Shakespeare.
Where the monster meets his doom just as the normals embrace and find sexual satisfaction.
Like, say, one example.
The beast from 20,000 Fathoms has been horribly wounded already by a GI with a bazooka.
Now they make it worse by firing a radioactive isotope into his bloody wound.
And he shrieks and he bolts out of the burning Coney Island roller coaster.
And trots around and around on the sand like a dog chasing his own tail.
And finally he rears up on his hind leg and gives one horrible shriek.
Just at the moment that the romance begins.
The music comes up.
And the girl and the studly young scientist embrace.
While the stern Air Force guy, Kenneth Tobey, looks on approvingly.
Why does this have to happen at the moment of the death of the Rhetosaurus?
And so stark and alone and a monad with no hope of reproduction or survival.
He nonetheless shrieks out his final rattling barbaric yawp before collapsing to the sand.
And over his huge hump.
And over his burnt dead carcass.
The words THE END appear in giant letters.
Also the Warner Brothers shield.
Yes, this is a moment to make every subgenius react in awe and pity.
Which Aristotle said was the appropriate use of the drama.
Now you can take that and put that in your pipe and smoke it Eugene O'Neil.
Or whoever is supposed to be a really trenchant observer.
Ah!
I should have known you were a monster.
My father was right.
None of you can be trusted.
You think you're better than everyone.
I honestly can't think of one redeeming quality that you have.
Although...
What?
I really like that top.
Francisco Garibaldi?
Yes.
How'd you know?
I just love his line.
Me too.
I got this one on sale.
Shut up.
I bet all the other monsters at school try and copy your look.
I bet the normie kids are sooo jealous of your style and sophistication.
It is exhausting.
Tell me about it.
It's really kind of a...
Burden.
Finally!
Someone who understands how hard it is.
Don't you two have something more important to talk about?
Yes, like where normies keep all their delicious candy.
Now let's go over that again.
So you heard some kind of show or something?
No, no.
Monsters.
You've got to believe me!
Don't you think I know how crazy this sounds?
Don't you think you're...
I know you're thinking, well this guy has to be locked up.
This guy has to be locked up.
Well I didn't say that, mister, but you've got the general idea.
Don't you know there aren't any monsters in this day and age?
You've got to call out the National Guard.
This whole town is lost, I tell you.
We put a man on the moon.
Time for monsters is come and gone.
I know it sounds crazy, but it's the truth.
You've got to believe me.
Well now this thing you say you thought you knew.



You saw.
He was ten feet tall and dripping slime and had tentacles and wings all over him.
Oh, that was Mobius Rex.
He's not here though.
I did it because I thought monsters were out to get us.
To take what was ours.
It's an easy mistake to make.
A lot of monsters, even me, thought all normies selfish and cruel.
Now I know that's not true.
We have the same hopes.
The same fears.
The same dreams.
The same drama.
The same dreams.
The same insecurities.
The same taste in designer fashion.
Please, come on in.
Have fun.
Be yourself.
Be unique.
Be a monster.
That's beautiful.
Hmm, okay, yeah.
All right, yeah.
All right, the party's over.
I always wanted to say that.
Arrest every monster in here.
Take them all away.
I understand.
Well, if you're arresting all the monsters,
you're going to have to kill them.
I'm going to kill them all.

You can talk to me.
I'm a monster.
I'm a monster.
I'm a monster.
I'm a monster.
I'm a monster.
I'm a monster.
I'm a monster.
I'm a monster.
I'm a monster.
I'm a monster.
I'm a monster.
Well, how about it, Sheriff?
Are you going to arrest us all?
Well, as Sheriff, well, would you look at that?
Midnight on the dot.
I'm off duty.
Hey, is that Cheesecake?
Now, really, I must go.
Oh, he's here.


No, I've taken a liking to you.
But you promised.
No, no, no. I'm going to put you up for membership.
But I'm not a monster.
Dunsage, you're the greatest monster of them all.
Oh, Mr. Club Secretary, I want to propose my friend here as a member of this August assembly.
But he's a... he's a hume.
Yes, but can we truly call this a monster club if we do not boast amongst our membership a single member of the human race?
Nonsense!
What can he do?
What can he do?
In the past 60 years, humes have exterminated over 150 million of their own kind.
No effort has been spared to reach this astronomical figure.
And...
And the methods that they have used must demand our unstinted admiration.
You know, humes began with certain very serious disadvantages.
But these they overcame with wonderful ingenuity.
Not having a fang or a claw, or even a whistle worth talking about,
they invented guns and tanks and bombs and airplanes and extermination camps and poison gas
and daggers and swords and bayonets and booby traps.
And atomic bombs and flying missiles, submarines, warships, aircraft carriers and motor cars.
They have even perfected a process whereby they can spread a lethal disease on any part of this planet.
Not to say anything about nuclear power.
Oh, during their short history, you know,
humes have subjected other humes to death by burning, hanging, decapitation,
strangulation, electrocution, shooting, drowning, crushing, wracking, disemboweling,
and other methods far, far too revolting for the delicate stomachs of this August Ascendant.
I never realized he was so talented.
We don't like to boast.
I second the proposal.
A member of such a...
talented race can only be a credit to any Monster Club!
Bravo! Bravo! Bravo! Bravo!
Maestro, to celebrate the installation of a new member, may we hear our song?
We are monsters, we are proud
We are monsters, singing loud
I've tied schools of horror, can't get out of my bed
Everybody's talking, but it's not in my head
They say don't be different, be like them instead
They can't keep us down, cause we're monster hybrids
The clock is striking thirteen
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
It's time to cheer for your team
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
You are the coolest school by far
So don't be afraid of who you are
Cause tonight we're gonna leave our fears behind
We're in it together
Stepping out and we're letting our fears fly
Safety is forever
We got a few there
Get this nightmare
Don't stop rocking your rides
We are monsters
We are monsters, we are proud
We are monsters, say it loud
We are monsters, we are proud
We are monsters, say it loud
Perfectly imperfect and we do it our way
United, not divided, won't get cast away
Go running, how bad I just gotta say
We're drop dead gorgeous each and every day
The clock is striking thirteen
Whoa!
It's time to scream, be your team
Whoa!
We don't have to say goodbye
Cause friends like these will never die
Cause tonight we're gonna leave our fears behind
We're in it together
Stepping out and we're letting our fears fly
Safety is forever
We got a few there
Whoa!
Get this nightmare
Don't stop rocking your rides
We are monsters
We are monsters, we are proud
We are monsters, say it loud
We are monsters, we are proud
We are monsters, say it loud
Cause tonight we're gonna leave our fears behind
We're in it together
Come on and say it loud


Never let our fear in stride
Safety is forever
We're dropping on fire
We're dropping on fire


And we're Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Always get it awesome
Always get it awesome
Perfectly perfect and we do it our way
We're drop dead gorgeous each and every day
We're drop dead gorgeous each and every day
We are monsters.
We are monsters.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Yes, friends, and this week's Hour of Slack,
the main reason this show has the theme of monsters and Monster High
is as an excuse we can hear those two bubblegum songs again.
That one, We Are Monster High,
was voiced by a young, young lady named Madison Beer.
And we've been playing clips from the various Monster High movies,
Ghouls Rule and 13 Wishes,
and also a bunch of homemade amateur YouTubes
based on that Mattel toy franchise.
Which is actually done by a subsidiary called Nerdcore.
Yes, Monster High.
We've been on a Monster High.
We also had some clips there from the movie Monster Club.
That was Vincent Price explaining how humans are the monstriest monsters.
And a little bit from Monster Squad.
And I hope at the end to have time for that disco monster tune.
You know, I didn't even think about playing the casket bastards tonight.
It just now occurred to me.
We're just going to have to do another monster show.
I guess so.
So, yeah, it's a, what else?
Oh, Puzzling Evidence Show.
Lots of old and new Puzzling Evidence Show.
With, and Hour of Slack, and X-Day recordings.
All with Dr. Hal Robbins and Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
who is calling in right now.
And yours truly.
And Princess Wee.
And Phineas and Arthur.
And Marco.
And amateur, as I said, amateur homemade shorts.
And listen to that.
Well, I can't hear anything.
That's a shame.
Friends, we just spent a little while, which I'm going to edit out,
trying to get Lonesome Cowboy Dave on the air.
But let's just say,
the conspiracy is fighting against us.
And there's nothing I, or you, can do.
We actually had people donating,
trying to donate money to help buy Dave a phone.
But that's not what is needed.
And we don't need a new station.
It's just that the station needs a new brain.
And we'll get to that later.
But this time, not a criminal brain.
Not an evil brain.
Our assistant messed up so badly the other day.
And, well, we'll play Dave's song, Monster Club, later.
No relation to the movie Monster Club.
Or Monster High.
Or the great music of Bernard Herrmann.
Heard in the background.
I think.
I think that's what that is.
Friends,
friends,
yes,
monsters,
and subgeniuses,
and monster stations,
and freaky flaws.
Yeah, Princess, we and I got,
don't worry,
the hour slack won't be dedicated
to a children's Mattel toy franchise forever.
But we have found the visual puns to be clever.
And they have a very strange, subversive nature.
And not only that,
not just Monster High, but there's also several rip-offs of that, or knock-offs, you might say.
Bratzillas and what was the other one we saw?
Oh, the aliens.
You could have a series of four little sexy alien girls, like Alien High.
Yes.
I mean, it wasn't called that.
Ailey Lectric.
Ailey Lectric is the one that, yeah, you should see what she does when she gets turned on.
She's changing, glows all over.
And has a light display like a cuttlefish in heat.
But more glittery.
But yeah, as I was saying, there are no fat Monster High girls.
No.
And that may be because
all their bodies have to be made the same way for the clothes to fit
over there in China before they're shipped to Walmarts in America.
But, um,
but given that,
the Monster High stuff has some subversive elements to it.
There's a lot of anti-bullying messages that are kind of built in with the conflict between
the normies and the monsters, although mostly the monsters just pick on each other.
But there are a lot of correspondences with the Church of the Subgenius.
For instance, in where we say exploit your abnormality potential, in Monster Hunter jargon,
it's called cultivate your...
Freaky flaws.
Yeah.
All the monster teens.
All the monster teens have their own individual freaky flaws, and they're encouraged to cultivate those.
In fact, what was the quote from one of them?
Love your freaky flaws.
Celebrate your imperfections.
They're what give us our individuality and make us perfectly imperfect the way we are.
And then it said, join the tween esteem movement.
And stop bullying.
Right.
Yeah.
We stop hate.
We stop hate.
Dot com.
Now, that was the only...
We only saw one of the webisodes that had...
Webisodes that had that overt message, and we stop hate dot com, which made me want to
make up a new Monster High Club name for myself, Reverend Westo Fate.
Because that's what it looks like when you see we stop hate all in one word.
So it's all about tolerance and diversity among monster types.
Yeah.
So, no one has been dwelling on the fact that these are still monsters.
In fact, most of them are the immortal supernatural kind that feed on human blood.
But you never see any of that in the cartoons.
So yeah, don't bully other monsters.
See, it's just like Church of the Subgenius.
It's the pink mainstream version of the Church of the Subgenius for slightly oddball girls
ages 10 to 14.
Yeah.
And as such, it's making vast hordes of gold for nerdcore and garbage pail kids.
No, no.
Garbage pail kids is what they owe an explanation to, friends.
Because those funny names they have is all like the garbage pail kids, Diven, Ivan, and
so forth.
I have that card at home.
Thanks, Susie.
Princess Wee's favorite monster...
Monster High character is Laguna Blue, daughter of the sea monster, who actually looks kind
of like Princess Wee, although she has an Australian accent.
What was the name?
We tried to make up our own name, Peep Peep Longstalking, but they didn't take that, and
we couldn't use Audrey Tistic.
But Princess Wee and I are going to try to sign on as Al and Alice Simers.
Grandparents of Gooley.
Some other names we came up...
And these are more like instances of monsterhood in real life, unfortunate ones.
I could also take the name Vida Ligo.
I have a friend who could be Bernie Victim.
Another friend who could be Dora Fism.
Sparky Parkinson's.
And then there's Monster Hunter, Hunter High.
Monster Hunter.
Which I knew I was a nerd when the name Greta Jaggi suddenly entered my head.
But really, what if it was like a high school of the monsters from the video game Monster
Hunter, only they're the monsters, so they're the Monster Hunter Hunters.
She would call it Monster Hunter, Hunter High, with Leila Giacchris and Gigi Knox and Duran
Duranboros and Barry Oth and so forth.
Yeah.
Very, very strange.
Princess Wee is in the other room, apparently trying to talk Dave down or explain to him
what's going on here.
Another thing we noticed that I would...
That kind of cheered me up.
YouTube is full of amateur videos made by mostly young girls.
Using Monster High dolls.
Some of them are stop motion and some are just kind of puppetry and some are a combination.
But it's obvious that these girls are going to the trouble of writing scripts and setting
up each shot and doing some pretty tricky voice acting and even sound effects.
We heard a little bit of that earlier.
And a lot of these amateur Monster High shorts had upwards of one million views.
So, movie makers.


This is my favorite movie of all time.
I've been making it since I was a kid.
It's something that was taken by teenagers and even little kids has come a long way since
I was entering 8mm shorts in the Kodak Teenage Movie Awards in the 60s.
Our favorite video featured Frankie Stein encountering Ken from the Barbie series with
amnesia after a car wreck.
Frankie Stein takes the stupid Normie to school and he falls insanely in love with her.
And she's politely fending off his advances with her.






when a very nasty pink Barbie shows up looking for Ken and freaks out.
Can't believe Ken's hanging out with monster kids and trying to romance them.
And we also found examples of Monster High cosplay,
and then we found Monster High porn or hentai.
So as you can see, we don't just eat that children's franchise.
We eat the hell out of it.
And we'll probably move on.
We may move on to Barbie.
I was shocked to discover that there's a Barbie series on the web
called Life in the Dreamhouse that, even though it's sponsored by Mattel,
is a complete snarky satire on the sheer pinkness of the Barbie universe.
And by that, I mean pinkness both ways, including the color.
I couldn't believe it.
Very, very weird.
Barbie is depicted as being...
Oblivious, stupid, thoughtless, and infinitely rich.
And Ken is depicted as the densest, stupidest pink boy that can't do anything right.
Truly mind-blowing.
And, uh...
Yeah, it was a very, very strange thing.
So, well, what's happening with poor old lonesome cowboy Dave?
He's just lonesome as heck, isn't he?
Yates.
Anyway, I'm going to play...
Monster Club.
Very unsuccessful.
By lonesome cowboy.
Boy, Dave.
And those of you who are not prepared or aware must take the golden vow now.
You will fight for something holy, whatever that might be.
Well, I can't agree with Riverd Stang that the world is a monster club.
I don't know who Recommended Winners will be condemned to a cured undying of those that were infected with that areль Theseunity
The rules of the j Judaize


I can't really probably hit this roof.
By the way, I thought about doing more in my life than water retention.
People thought I would go surging in my � принципе
But, I mean I do see that as a winning trait!
I think about the obrigado thinking
But then, you know, all have lost energy.
So, can I just fond of those drugs?


I'm gonna be alright
You're crazy
I called 911
Had some cereal and I cried
This world is a monster club
And you must beware
There's plenty of crazy things
Terror and normalcy
Baby
I thought I saw a mummy
Crawling on my tummy and inside
You're crazy
It might be in my head
But baby
I don't wanna wind up dead
Baby
I swear I saw the werewolf
Drinking from my toilet last night
Baby
You're crazy
I know I saw it baby
Hold my head I'm gonna be alright
This world is a monster club
And you must beware
There's plenty of evil things
Terror and normalcy
Baby
I thought I saw a mummy
Crawling on my tummy and inside
You're crazy
This world is a monster club
And you must beware
There's plenty of crazy things
Terror and normalcy
Baby
I saw a mummy
Crawling on my tummy and inside
You're crazy
There's plenty of evil things
Terror and normalcy
Baby
I just realized I better not play that Phineas and Arco mix with the George Carlin stuff
because it might have naughty, naughty things in it.
So I'm going to mention that you're listening to the Hour of Slack
from the Church of the Subgenius.
And if you want to know more about that, you can check out subgenius.com.
I did want to play the funky old Monster Squad theme from back in the day.
It's a movie from the 80s that was fun.
It was little kids who were fighting monsters, but really the monsters were their friends.
And let's see.
That would be cut.
Number 34.
And here.
We're the Monster Squad.
Monster Squad.
We're back.
We're back.
Gotta get up.
Gotta get up.
We gotta work to do.
Work to do.
Every hundred years in the darkest night, the forces of evil come out to fight.
The amulets, they must destroy or spend forever in the dark.
Who can stop that deadly might?
Who will stand up for the right?
From the mouth of babes comes dynamite.
The Monster Squad's gonna groove tonight.
First came Dracula, now the Wolf Man too.
The Muppet and the Gull are swimming in the pool.
We need silver bullets, we need wooden sticks.
Normal stuff won't stop them cause they live on hate.
Speak some magic words from a virgin's lips.
Baby, that'll shake them, make them slip and trip.
There's no turning back, gotta fight the fight.
Yeah, the Monster Squad's gonna jam tonight.
Monster Squad.


We're the Monster Squad.
And the forces of evil.
Better run and hide.
Monster Squad.
We're the Monster Squad.
And the forces of evil.
Best beware of the Monster Squad.
Monster Squad.
Monster Squad.
Let's go over that again.
You say you saw some sort of monster.
You know cryomorphology.
Cryomorphology is the part of the geomorphology pertaining to the various processes and products of cold climates.
Captain.
There's one now.
Captain.
We are in the ear canal.
Everybody be quiet.
You can hear us.
Funny little itching thing in the ear, Captain.
I can't make it.
What about the other ear?
It shrivels with antennas.
We put creatures in our bodies.
Well, you know, it was just a show.
They're show creatures, yes.
Captain, it was Stag.
He put the creatures in our ears.
Don't make us ruin this show.
Oh, no.
Really?
Well.
That's kind of neat.
Let's see what we can do.
Let's work it.
I'm going to pull the head of one of these little creatures out here and it will talk to us.
Okay, talk to us, little creature.
Get a little creature shy.
There's one.
Get it.
Squash it.
Aren't you supposed to say, help me, help me?
Do it.
It's back in Tokyo.
Yeah.
And that was true for you, Billy Bob, growing up?
It was sort of a combo of stones and monkeys and Buck Owens?
I subscribed to a magazine called Famous Monsters of Filmland, which the publisher was a guy named Forrest J. Ackerman who passed away recently.
Hmm.
Do you remember what you were listening to musically when you were a kid?
They had a contest where you could build your own model.
And it could be like a King Kong or it could be anything from something that you created yourself to like one of the monsters that was actually in the, well, you know, in some of the magazines.
Like it could be Frankenstein all the way to Phantom of the Opera.
And they made these plastic monsters.
They made these plastic models in those days that you could buy and put together.
But this was like a thing you could create your own world of it.
You know, build telephone poles, make the railroad tracks and everything.
And I actually did enter it once.
I didn't win anything.
But I gave it a shot.
But it was pretty, it was a big deal for us kids in those days.
I'm, and what, and where's the music?


Where's the music fit into that?
Music?
No, it was a monster magazine.
Right, right.
But I'm, but...
It manifests itself in the subliminal reality areas of the frontal lobes of the tape recorder and causes the person listening to the tape recorder to garner intense satisfaction from the commercial inanity on the nearby AM radio.
These guys going on and on about this.
TV commercials, the box in the back of Reader's Digest.
Where do I send my money?
To KPFA 94.1.
Right here at 9.2.
I'm going to...
They're part of the conspiracy, you mean?
No, no, this show is part of the conspiracy.
KPFA fights the conspiracy.
The fissions by which these brain removals are effected are too adroit to be given the name surgery.
But nonetheless, the brain itself, complete, intact and living, is removed as part of the initial process.
Yeah, that's, you're right.
By Frankenstein, when he created his immortal being,
incorporates a different view of what the brain actually comprises than...
It's terrible.
Pioneer.
I started with my left pinky toe.
The brain itself is not only a central ganglion, the part we think of as the brain, but the...
Ganglion?
...themselves in their neural net that's spread throughout the body.
It actually exists in the remote regions of the limbs where the nerves stretch.
Where?
Classically, these organs are severed.
Sure, brain stretching.
...is allowed to protrude of each of the major nerves to attach electrodes later in the process.
How can this not be? Oh.
In the meantime, we feed our brainy friend with a solution of ash which floats in the serum in which the brain itself is stabilized.
As most people know, the tissue of a brain is very...
...very light and frothy, almost like a meringue.
And this puffy mass can easily be crushed or damaged.
The greatest care must be employed to lower the brain into the solution.
And there he goes.
And see, soon he's swimming about in his new home.
We've also left him one eye to peer about.
There it is.
Don't be shy.
There it is.
And he can look and see his new world of the laboratory.
So, oh, just a moment.
I've got a call here.
Yes.
Could you take that, please?
I've got a group here.
Thank you very much.
...consequently, they want to get in on the action.
It's only human nature.
I think we had to hang up on them.
That's very rude.
But, at any rate, back to our tour.
And we're about to insert the brain now into the freshly prepared monster.
Notice how scoured out the interior of the cranium is.
That's because it has just been...
...just been prepared to receive the brain.
And here is one of Frankenstein's tricks.
The graft node on the end of the major nerve group, starting with the olfactory nerve,
the optic, the oculomotor here, the trochlear and trigeminal nerve here, the abducans, the
spinal accessory, and the hypoglossal nerve.
The foramen magnum accepts the stub of the spinal cord nerve.
The spinal cord nerve is a mass.
This is abnormal, but hey, it's a monster.
That is a massive spinal cord.
It's a monster.
A lot of things are disproportionate.
You know, that's why it's necessary for some scientists to make monsters.
Because there's no time to perfect the, you know, every little cosmetic detail.
That is not important for science.
Science is immune to these foibles and fads.
Not tricked and frounced.
But the actual bare bones.
The bones' glimmering gleam of truly revealed natural philosophy.
Now, don't bother me.
Never broken a bone.
So here, you see, we add the blood serum.
It must be kept at a constant flow and heated by our little electric motor to refresh the
tissues of the brain.
Because in the internal tissues, the oxygen exchange takes place, which, of course, underlies
the process, electrical in nature, of cognition.
The thought itself occurring in this perfused brain occurs as electrical flashes, as we
can see on the monitor.
Each flash represents the synapse, the neuron here, the closing, the gap.
That spark is the actual spark of human consciousness.
And, of course, we can alter these sparks at will by this feedback interrupter.
See?
Yes.
You could say this brain was experiencing, well, something that most of us would rather
not experience.
Brain wave entrainment?
We're not trying to push any particular philosophy here.
This is simply a scientific demonstration.
Now, we're starting the monster now.
We're going to give him a few electric jolts.
Zap that sucker.
Yeah, well, you know, when you zap a monster, you have to be very methodical about it.
Lower the cosmic diffusion.
Oh, God, that's the thing.



Do you know how much a cosmic diffuser can do?

The cosmic diffusers are just great.

They're a little bit different.

The cosmic diffuser used to be they had to do it in a rainstorm.
And only such a rainstorm, thunderstorm, is cutting out.
And there he did it.
He broke the left end of the cosmic diffuser.
Oh, God.
So should I climb up and fix it?
That's all right.
Fritz and Igor are up there.
They are clumsy stumble bums.
Fortunately, we inherited an infinite supply of this high-tech lab equipment from Kenneth Strickfaden.
And the crowd goes crazy today.
They are just waiting to see the monster begin.
So the Monster Olympics can start.
And at the peak of the season, it looks like it's time to go out in this beautiful weather,
enjoy some car crashes and back-slapping good bonhomie and fellowship, and start to play ball.
Oh, and I'd like to say that this entire event is brought to you by Corinthian Column Cigarettes.
Bring some of the grandeur of ancient Rome into your own drab life and light up a Corinthian Column,
the only cigarette with marble flutes.
And now back to center field where the giant demolition derby is going on.
Broken glass, screams in the crowd, and the blowing of those plastic horns.
There we go, another complete dinette set pulverized.
And damaged.
Donated by Montgomery Flea Market.
It's just like a mini mall.
They're winding up.
Now we're ready to see that pitch.
He seems to have something on his mind.
I'm sure we're going to...
Oh, there it goes!
All right, ladies and gentlemen, that was a pop fly.
See, someone let fly with a bottle of pop.
Yes, they're collecting dues, apparently, for the widows and orphans.
There's people standing up right now, folks.
It's a difficult scene.
In a moment, we'll tell you the results as they bring out the laundry on the field
and prepare for the skid mark test.
So...
I'll just run this tape here.
It was just as if I was there 20 years ago.
This stuff is incredible.
I was at a ball game or something.
They were breaking a lot of stuff.
We'll be right back.

We'll be right back.




We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
