hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey yeah yeah the storm has driven the yeti out of the high mountains
Welcome to the subgenius radio hour of slack.
Here's Bob One for A1 Slacks.
Hi, kids.
This is Bob One reminding you that you can buy A1 Slacks at a store near you or in New Jersey, depending on where you live.
Thank you, Bob.
You're welcome, Dad.
And now, back to our movie.
A1 Slacks
Do you know that in the world of the insane, you will find a kind of truth more terrifying than fiction?
A truth that shocked you.
Come with me into the tormented, haunted, half-lit night of the insane.
This is my world.
I will lead you into it.
You may not recognize some things in this world.
And the faces will look strange to you.
For this is a place where there is no love.
No hope.
In the pulsing, throbbing world of the insane mind.
Where only nightmares are real.
Nightmares.
That's our heart.
Welcome to Babylon, children.
How are you?
It's great to be here in the belly of the beast tonight.
Before we get started with our second L.A. revival,
if we could all please bow our heads and have a moment of sacred, traditional noise.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
Little realized, even by leading scientists, there are really two races.
Actually, two distinct species.
Of so-called human beings.
If you gaze upon any given street, normally you might never suspect that only some of these people are true humans.
Outside appearances offer no clue that among this ordinary-looking crowd, on an ordinary day,
a certain number of these people are actually sub-geniuses.
We would have to creep inside their heads to know whether this person or that character,
carries the rare sub-genius gene.
But once inside those heads, we would discover a vast new universe.
A new dimension, coexisting, not always in harmony, alongside the mundane workaday world of the common human.
Another world, that until now has been forced into hiding.
Now at this very moment, the veils of secrecy can be torn aside.
We, the persecuted, may now dare to raise our heads against the world.


We may raise our heads high and declare,
Behold us! For we are the sub-geniuses!
But what is a sub-genius?
How can they, we, differ so much from the humans, whose nonsensical laws and customs we have been forced to obey?
Why have so many of us been kept in ignorance of our true heritage?
A heritage that dates back farther than man is thought to have existed.
For in the days of Atlantis, we helped to design the humans.
Certainly, in retrospect, this now seems to have been our greatest mistake.
So, what is the difference?
Examine this seemingly docile crowd, and know that in some few,
simmering beneath a placid surface, there broils a veritable cauldron,
of repressed sub-genius awareness, ready at any moment to explode outward,
often with catastrophic results.
Um, stickers and graffiti were showing up in really strange places, like, um, inside pencil sharpeners and so on.
In some classes, uh, we don't even know who the sub-genius is.
What is all this I hear about this youth cult, this church of the sub-genius?
Gee, uh, I don't know.
Well, how about you, Simon?
Uh, uh, what?
Well, what about you?
It's, it's about Bob, you know? It's Bob.
That's it.
Bob is great.
But, just who is this man, Bob?
Some call him the slack master, the high epopt, the saint of sales.
Others call him liar, pimp, whoremonger,
a sleazy conman,
foisting his dangerous scam off on gullible suckers.
Well, dear friend,
J.R. Bob Dobbs isn't some outmoded, overused deity from ancient fairy tales,
but a living, bleeding deity for today,
the divinely appointed messenger of slack,
the mystic super salesman upon whose wheeling and dealing skills the fate of the universe hinges.
He can sell you anything, and I bought it.
And I tell you what, that fly will buy that mound of shit from Bob.
Bob's wonderful.
I mean, Bob's, you know, shit.
Anyway, but it has been depressing when there was that sniper that went and broke the first rule of sniper club,
and there was the, well, they cracked down on head shops,
so poor Tommy Chong's website is a terrorist now,
and the smallpox shots, that one was making us conspiracy researcher nuts, very paranoid, you know,
what kind of nanobots did they have in those smallpox shots they were going to give everybody
that would turn your eyes into a tape recorder or whatever?
And people don't even worry!
They don't even think twice!
Oh, it's natural to pee in a jar to prove that you're suitable for your job.
Prathalizer test,
Vodalizer test,
and now, friends,
they've even got a machine that can tell them if you're thinking.
It's called a television,
and when it's off, you're guilty.
Hey, Dan, you're the same ones that were watching King of the Hill.
All right, Sunday Night Fox, I have to watch that one.
But my friend, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, was saying,
yeah, man, the media, they control everything.
And Rupert Murdoch is one that controls all that.
And they're not into Bob.
That's true.
But I have to say, no, man, no, Rupert Murdoch or whatever famous rich guy's names you might hear,
I don't think those are the puppeteers.
I really don't.
Those are just more of the puppets.
You can't see the puppeteer.
If you see the name of somebody in the newspaper or on TV, that's not one of the puppeteers.
That's just one of the puppets.
Because they have puppets now.
They can operate puppets.
Robots can make robots and puppets that operate puppets.
And you don't know how far down the line of puppets you might be.
I don't see anybody here operating a marionette right now.
Although I was hoping to see those big puppets come down.
Oh, okay.
Those are the guys.
Get down.
The guys running those big puppets up there.
But I guess it's that economic Darwinism thing.
Survival of the richest by those who put the evil in evolution.
And it's ugly and it really is the end time.
But didn't the Bible predict SARS and rumors of SARS?
Actually, SARS does cure hypochondria, as does anthrax.
Which we've probably got quite a bit of that around here.
Not the anthrax, the hypochondria.
That minaret set out a sonata in the 19th century.
.
.
THE KING privateGS
Pas Charity
Pr Room
werk � cow
ags
Jones
Jones
Big Brother is watching you.
Conform with all directives.
Remember obedience pays.
And when you watch that TV screen,
remember it works both ways.
You'll disappear in a wink.
Unless you can double think.
You'll vanish into the blue.
Big Brother is watching you.
Big Brother is watching you.
Big Brother is watching you.
Conform with all directives.
Remember obedience pays.
And when you watch that TV screen,
remember it works both ways.
You'll disappear in a wink.
Unless you can double think.
You'll vanish into the blue.
Big Brother is watching you.
Big Brother is watching you.
Big Brother is watching you.
Big Brother is watching you.
Big Brother is watching you.
It's easier to make somebody stop talking about something
than it is to program them to talk about something.
In other words, you could brainwash somebody
with thoughts that are not appropriate.
Why shame them for insulting them.
You could beat them over the head.
You could put them in a good sleeping position.
That sounds too good.
And that doesn't happen all the time.
You didn't have to keep seeing it fixed.

I don't know.
And then decided to suburban you know,
because this cover Friend Ron
в
I try to sell something.
I like to spend.
I gave up.
who are, let's face it, all five days a week, they're impotent drugs, and it bugs them that
they're impotent drugs, just cogs in the machine. But on the weekend, they can become magical
beings, or cowboys, you know, where I come from. Real outlaws. Oh yeah, for those two
days a week, they're real outlaws. They're not being slaves. It takes five days of being
put down by the normals. Some of them go and compress that into two days of putting down
their fellow less pushy weirdos. Now friends, it's not that we look down on the cow manures.
It's just that we don't believe in their shit. As Bob said, believe me out of it. We refuse
to be affected by their superstitions.
Do you have our orders?
Yes.
We are to continue our
terror. Tonight, shoot flaming projectiles.
I've fallen, and I can't get up. I've fallen, and I can't get up.
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, get up, get up, get up, get up.
If you're looking for a man who loves the outdoors, is a Virgo, and adores cats, give me a call.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
I must lay equal steps back and join the escort club.
You may experience gas with oily discharge, increased bowel movements, an urgent need
to have them, and an inability to control them.
You may experience gas with oily discharge, increased bowel movements, an urgent need
to have them, and an inability to control them.
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, get up, get up, get up, get up.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Speaking of cheap legal highs, I think I figured out where they got the BP logo from.
BP?
Yes, BP, the gas station.
Yes.
Yes.
I think I know where they got that funny logo from.
If you huff enough of their gasoline, you see that.
Oh, you figured that out for yourself, did you?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's the secret.
It's out now.
Well, I would assume that it's got some hidden Masonic symbolism,
and all logos of all companies have Masonic symbolism hidden in them.
I have a buddy who could figure it out.
He could discern the Masonic symbolism in anything.
Oval, anything round or oval represented the eye that was in the pyramid.
Anything pyramidal, of course.
Anything with an M in it.
Sonic burgers, Masonic.
McDonald's M, so forth.
I said, well, what about squares?
He goes, that's a pyramid seen from above.
Yes.
Pyramid seen from above.
And so if you look around,
you will find that,
seen with discernment,
every logo of every company is, in fact, Masonic.
Circle, triangle, or square.
Yeah.
All three covered right there.
Right.
And ovals with a kind of a bent oval with a circle in it somewhere
is almost going to be a cliché.
You know, it's like the little twisty eye in a pyramid.
A very stylish eye in a pyramid to indicate that they're part of the team.
You know, the world.
Order Illuminati team.
Which I don't think you are.
Me?
No.
I don't really think you're a team player, are you?
Something of a lone wolf, maybe?
Oh, yeah, sure.
A loner.
That's what they all say.
That's a polite term for it.
Juvenile delinquent is another term.
Communist is another.
Wacko.
Some genius.
Cannot be taught.
A glut-sherker.
A slack.
A slacker.
I'm gonna blow your head off.
That's nice and simple, isn't it?
I'm gonna blow your head off.
That's nice and simple, isn't it?
Hi, I'm SorI.
So, I'll show you a good sm 사건our by concept thingy?

FOREALLLY 6 return to the bicain.


YOU MAY NOT MIND
N aquí está.
Hey.

TAMARули sí.
¡JÓLE businessman!
What kind of world is this, right?
It's media.
It's all just folded in on itself.
It's like when I pushed that button at the time control lab, I had no...
I should have...
Well, I just...
I should have known.
They told me, don't touch anything.
Don't touch the red button.
Whatever you do, don't touch the shiny, candy-like, jolly button.
And put a subgenius in the room with a button.
Tell him not to push it.
What the hell do you think's going to happen?
You know, well, that's exactly...
How they do their experiments.
It's like that way they...
That way it looks like an accident.
And yet, it's dependable for their purposes.
Put a subgenius in the room with the button.
Whatever the button does, he's going to push it.
Tell him not to.
Oh, by the way, puzzling evidence.
Don't touch that button.
Okay, see you later.
By the way, Phineas Narco, that button over there, don't...
Do me a favor and don't push that.
Oh, you mean this one?
Yeah.
Right, yeah.
It's the old Ren and Stimpy encounter, the history of Rice Button,
and much the same way, classic encounter.
Don't whiz on the electric fence.
The giant, jolly, candy red button.
You had advanced knowledge of 9-11.
Yeah.
You had advanced knowledge of 9-11.
Yeah.
There's time for politics.
And, you know, it's time for politics.
And I...
Political hate.
Pop, pop, pop.
You had advanced knowledge of 9-11.
Yeah.
Political hate.
A-2.
U.N. inspectors were sent to conduct...
were not sent to conduct a scavenger hunt.
A simple chemical reaction between hydrogen and oxygen generates energy.
Nuclear arms are a full arsenal of chemical and biological weapons.
Iraqi intelligence officers are posing as the scientists inspectors are supposed to interview.
You had advanced knowledge of 9-11.
Yeah.
You're on the air.
Kill them all.
Let Bob salt and pepper them.
Yeah.
That's right.
Hey, you think Bob could give somebody eternal life?
Who's Bob?
He's still here.
Hello?
Hello?
Pardon me?
Hello?
Yeah.
I guess it was the Soviet-Armenian guy who disappeared.
Huh.
Hmm.
Just as long as he's not being watched.
The aliens in the FBI will only allow so many people on at once.
That's right.
Oh, they won't?
Yeah, there's an actual quota.
There's no more than three callers at one time because that confuses the parallax.
Yeah.
That brings the event horizon closer.
They want to keep on playing with the event horizon.
They ship it.
We're a little...
We're a little baby dog.
But just a minute ago, I kept trying to switch from one time machine to the other so that
they wouldn't be able to track us and some more people could call in, but apparently
we had the wrong power adapter for the time device.
They can trace those signals faster than ever these days.
They've got time machines too, you know.
Who do?
My problem is that this particular one is kind of one way, so it's hard for me to see
people in your time.
Although you can see me okay.
Right.
When we get all trans-temporal and so forth, why can't we go sideways?
I look a slither like a snake through other mythological times that, you know, don't necessarily
run concurrently back and fro.
But Dave, I wish I was at liberty to go here more.
I really do.
Like a different dimension?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You can see the world in which Rome actually was founded by a pair of twins who were suckled
by the she-wolf.
Yeah.
And you can get down and grab some of that titty yourself if you wanted.
According to science, everything that could happen already has and will forever, and every
sci-fi story is true.
Yeah.
It's absolutely true.
But, you know, that is so broad that it just cheapens the whole thing, and you're really
back to where you started.
Yeah, I mean...
There's just this planet, and sure, great, so there's all these alternate universes,
but, uh...
You know, I'm stuck in this one.
Right.
You open your book in third grade, and it says,
Right.
Yeah.
You can't get hung up on which time stream you've been trapped in.
Yeah.
Time machine lag.
In this time...
In another time period, could we...
Could certain, like, world leaders be still alive?
Possibly.
Yeah.
They saved Nixon's brain.
Yeah.
And used it as a footstool.
I mean, a door jam.
You know, Bob Dobbs actually did save Hitler's brain, in that after he throttled Hitler,
he cut his brain out and had it frozen.
He froze Hitler's brain.
Hitler's brain probably cannot be brought back to life, but it is frozen.
So that was the only way he could save Hitler?
No, it's just more like a table decoration.
Don't just say that.
Yeah, it's like a...
It's like, uh...
You know, something Bob takes out of the freezer every now and then to show off at parties.
Oh, here's Hitler's brain.
I cut his brain out.
The best.
A couple laughs back in the old fucking...
Oh, Jesus.
That's okay.
We're in safe harbor.
Oh, phew.
Yeah.
I thought we were well out to sea, my friend.
Perhaps even farther than we could get.
As long as these problems are not solved,
so long as ignorance and poverty remain on Earth,
these words cannot be useless.
In weariness, in agony,
under the whip, under the chain,
in the cell, on the convict's bed of plank,
under the burning sun of the galleys,
what had been the life of this soul?
Society should look into these things.
Ignorance and poverty.
Ignorance and poverty.
Ignorance, ignorance, ignorance, ignorance, ignorance, ignorance,
ignorance, ignorance.
Ignorance.
Oh, wow.
Are these internet kids listening?
I don't know.
I don't know either.
Well, I have this sort of...
I'm recording and internetting and all kinds of stuff.
I'm like hooked up to the Matrix.
No, wait.
I'm escaping the...
No, wait.
Damn.
It's like the more you know about the Matrix,
really, the more enmeshed in it you are.
Are you jacking in or are you jacking out?
Or are you jacking on or are you jacking off?
What?
What?














Plug yourself into the jack.
Everybody jacks in.
Or jacks on, I mean.
I look out my window
And I see
A lot of pretty, pretty faces
I wake at a cutie
On the street
And she flips me the bird
Why does everybody
Poke fun
When I'm sitting in the tube?
And why does everyone laugh at me
When I drool?
And this little voice
Keeps ringing in my head
Kill yourself
Kill your mom
Kill your father
Kill a nun
Kill a priest
Kill a rat
Kill a rat



Kill a rabbi
I look out my window
What a surprise
A little birdie
Before my eyes
Flying around
And singing his tune
Now it's such a beautiful afternoon
So I go to the pub with all me lads
Just drinking some pints and pissing about
Why does everyone laugh at me
When I wet my trousers?
When I wet my trousers?

When I wet my pants?








And this little voice
Keeps ringing in my head
I am death
Feel my pain
Satan worships me
Metallica sucks
Soda slayer
Compared to the lounge pips
I get who the orphan is
See the kitties
How they frolic
They laugh and play
But I'm still drunk
From all my beers
Hey!
I'm the Pigeons




Why are they laughing at me?
I wouldn't mock me if I were you!
Then would you fucking go for you now?
I shoot off the kneecaps of everyone.
Then I shoot the roof of my mouth.
And this little voice keeps ringing in my head.
Thank you.
I am dead.
I am free.
Satan worships me.
I'm so happy.
Never been so happy.
Oh my God.
I've got this subgenius chat line open on my little screen in front of me.
And this, uh, one of our fellow radio popes in another state said,
Does anyone have this problem?
They can't kill themselves because it would kill their mom.
So secretly, they wish their mom would hurry up and die.
But this just makes them feel more guilty and depressed.
Oh, wow.
That's great.
Yeah.
That's fantastic.
That's...
Oh, you can substitute wife in some cases.
You can substitute...
It would read like this.
They can't kill themselves because it would kill their wife.
So secretly, they wish their wife would hurry up and die.
But this just makes them feel more...
They can't kill themselves because it would kill their boss.
So secretly, they wish their boss would hurry up and die.
And this just makes them feel more...
They can't kill themselves because it would kill their boss.
Well, everybody should feel that way.
They can't kill themselves because it would kill Bob.
So secretly, they wish Bob would hurry up and die.
That's right.
Bob, what just happened?
I can't hear you.
Bob, can you hear me?
Bob?
Bob, can you hear me?
Bob, pick up the phone.
Somebody pick up the phone.
Bob, can you hear me?
Whoever's there, just pick up the phone.
Bob?
Can anyone hear me?
Just pick up the phone.
Pick up the phone.
I have to beep. Leave a message for Bob.
Back in 1996, the CIA worked in tandem with Pakistan to create the Taliban.
The New World Order is run by absolutely ruthless individuals
hell-bent on dehumanizing the entire human community.
Obsessed with total control,
these megalomaniacal Satanists are absolutely sworn
to the creation of a worldwide tyranny
called the New World Order.
This is the evidence.
And it is...
The most conclusive.
9-1-1.
The road to tyranny.
Let us tolerate outrageous conspiracy.
Malicious lies.
September the 11th.
September the 11th.
Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty.
Instruments of evil. Instruments of evil.
Cult of evil. Cult of evil.
Human suffering. Human suffering.
The worst kind of violence. The worst kind of violence.
Pure malice while daring to claim the authority of God.
Designs and power of evil.
Evil has found a willing servant.
The Bush and Bin Laden family connection.
Goes back over half a century.
And by the 1970s, George Bush Jr. as well as Osama Bin Laden and his big brother
were already vacationing together.
Owning airports as well as oil companies together.
Even before September 11th, the Wall Street Journal had called for the Bush family
to end their relationship with the Bin Ladens.
Then of course there's the Carlyle Group, the biggest defense contractor on the planet.
And guess who the majority owners are?
The Bush family and the Bin Ladens.
They could profit in the hundreds of billions off of this new war.
Now you begin to understand what's fueling these wars.
It's criminal activities.
Money and power.
My friends, the government just didn't have prior knowledge of September 11th Al-Qaeda attacks.
They actually funded, trained, protected, coddled, shepherded Al-Qaeda into this country.
Trained many of the terrorists at the Pensacola Naval Air Station, USA.
Threatened FBI and Defense Intelligence officers who tried to stop Al-Qaeda.
Threatened them with arrest.
Bush signed, now public document, W1999.
Two months before September 11th.
Threatening them with arrest if they tried to stop Al-Qaeda.
This is completely fake, ladies and gentlemen.
It's absolutely fake and you know it.
This is a fake psychological warfare program against you.
Psychological warfare.
Attention, attention, attention.
American forces are here to help.
Remain calm.
We will not tolerate civil disobedience.
Attention, attention, attention.
American forces are here to help.
Remain calm.
We will not tolerate civil disobedience.
You're on the air.
Oh, 6873515, you're on the air.
Yes.
Oh, I'm sorry.
God, I'm so confused.
Yeah, where are you?
Oh, you.
That's right.
Over in the time control, you wanted to know about weird stuff.
Yeah.
Tell me some weird stuff.
Well, you know, I was going to say the weird thing is nothing.
Nothing weird has ever happened to me.
Well, you know, nothing is weird for real.
Like when you're really weird, nothing is weird.
You know, including yourself.
Well, I'll tell you how weird it's been in terms of being denied weirdness.
Really?
Yeah, there was a time in the day of 1975 when I lived in a trailer court on an Indian reservation,
the Rosebud Lakota Reservation.
Actually, between the town of Michigan and the town of Michigan.
And I was in the town of Michigan and Rosebud, way out in the middle of the prairie by the highway.
And one night during terrible cold weather, just like this, but in this, you know, tiny little sparsely populated area,
there was a classic UFO that was seen by everyone at the trailer court that night hovering over the pond across the highway,
doing its classic little silent dance.
And then zipping up into the sky so fast that it seemed to disappear.
Now, I was out gathering wood when all this happened.
And after it happened, the trailer court fellows and came down and said,
Wow, what did you think of that?
And I said, What?
Because I had not seen anything.
I went out and got the wood and carried it in.
And my friend Lorenzo Black Lance said,
Let's get on a horseback.
He was like Richard Dreyfuss in Close Encounters of the Third Party.
Was that his real name?
Was that a real name?
Yes, that was his name.
His legal conspiracy name?
Huh?
His legal conspiracy name?
Yes.
Wow.
Yes.
That's a great name.
Yeah.
You know, Native Americans often have interesting names that involve verbs and adjectives and nouns and stuff.
Yeah.
The brothers, the famous Fancy Dance Brothers, her many horses, also witnessed this thing.
Anyway, Lorenzo was obsessed.
He'd seen this thing and none of them could believe that I hadn't seen it.
In fact, they all kind of looked at each other and kind of like, Whoa, what's with this guy?
Maybe we better not tell him.
But as it was, Lorenzo was so excited.
He wanted to get on horseback and he wanted me to go with him.
So I spent like the rest of the evening on horseback with this guy named Lorenzo Black Lance.
I remember sitting on the horse atop this hill at 3 in the morning in this freezing cold weather thinking to myself,
I'm on a horse with an Indian looking for UFOs in the middle of the night.
And of course, I later went to the hospital.
I went on to work for the Subgenius Foundation and J.R. Bob Dobbs, eventually working my way up from janitor to sacred scribe.
Now that's a true American success story right there.
Well, it's a glory hole barrel story actually, but I won't go into that.
Enough people did, so to speak.
Several bodies are still missing.
Now, please close your eyes and see yourself looking powerful and confident.
By the way, for those of you who have a challenge with visualizing, just imagine you're visualizing.
Stop imagining it.
What color is your car?
Close your eyes.
Now let's go back to that image of you looking powerful and confident and in control.
Hey, you want to be with me, honey?
Great.
If not, get the heck out of the way.
That's right.
Feels better already, doesn't it?
Now, feel even better.
Better about it.
Now watch this.
Away from your face.
And notice.
Gets laid back.
Feel laid back.
Being laid back.
Your mind is a key to being laid.
Powerful and confident.
Eh, eh, eh, eh.
No big deal.
Plenty of fish in the bar.
Hmm? Hmm?
Oh well. Oh well. Oh well.
Her laws.
Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm.
No, no.
That's not possible.
Lie on a couch for years and cry about your childhood and leave you broke, leave you broke, leave you broke.
At fast. At fast.
Bang for the buck.
Hey, guess what?
It doesn't have to hurt.
And just for a second.
And look down at the world with those 40-foot tall eyes.
Really getting it on like crazy.
Big.
And now.
Hmm.
Ah.
Hmm.
Several bodies are still missing.
Now this.
Ah.
Ah.
Let's go for it.
Listening to a dumb take on the world.











Listening to a dumb take.
Gosh.
You know what?
I kind of think so.
Ah.
Ah.
A little bit short.
Close your eyes.
Step two.
Step two.
And you're rocking down on top of yourself.
Six.
Six.
Six.
Ah.
Look at that.
Ah.
Look at that.
I'm going to have that.
I'm going to try that.
No.
Okay.
I'll go with this.
And over the period of several, several years, what I've done is develop my own system of
understanding the ingredients of what makes sex fun.

And how to create a win-win sexual relationship with somebody.
Win-win sex life so that you're always getting what you need and your partner always gets
what they need.
So much of the time, sexual relationships tend to be one-sided.
One person's getting what they want, they're getting off, and the other person's not.
And quite commonly, the guy gets off and the woman wonders, gee, weren't we going to have
sex?
And part of this is based upon statistics.
Statistics. Statistics are, and biological differences, one of the major biological sexual differences between men and women,
is that men need about two or three minutes to have an orgasm, a stimulation.
Women need 18 to 20 minutes of stimulation to have an orgasm.
Several bodies are still missing. Now this.
The young don't register to vote.
Some 84.3% of the people believe that political parties do not represent their interests,
and a greater number say they are content not to participate in any way in the conduct of the nation.
This is a phenomenon of the Western world, it appears.
Young people have no interest in fossilized political schemes dragged over from the 19th century.
They are preoccupied with living well and prolonging their teenage years as long as possible.
Let's say until about 40 or 50.
Call us, call the synesthesia. He wants to hear about your weird stories.
And like I say, in my case, the weird thing is, even though I've actually written books about weirdness,
it never happens to me. It's like the closer you get to Bob, the further he goes away.
It's just like that. You go looking for Bigfoot, oh, you'll meet all the Bigfoot kooks.
Yes.
You'll meet a lot. If we get into the new age and paranormal, investigating the paranormal,
I'll tell you what you'll find. A lot of really interesting people.
Oh, jeez.
And soon you'll become one. You too.
That's dangerous.
Dr. Sinister would eventually become interesting.
No way.
Yeah, that could happen. Even you, the listener, could someday become interesting.
If you have the stomach to be a real, well, to take on the name of kook.
The proud name of a kook, a crank, a crackpot.
That's me.
Let's get a 7-3 from Novel 5. We're going to take another call here.
A big crank, but not a little cocky.
Oh, no.
To quote St. Byron Warner.
Cowards, they hung up.
Hello? Hello?
Oh, God. Disconnected again.
Friends? Oh, what a show.
I'm going to do this like Susie the Floozy does her credits all at the very end.
Starting with the very beginning.
And you heard it.
Yes, that was the Firesign Theater doing Bob Slack.
At the very, very top of the show.
And it was, in fact, Ed McMahon.
From the introduction to a horrible, wonderful, bad film called Delirium.
Thanks to I, Doctor, Mr. Sister.
Friends, we heard Dr. Howell Robbins narrating and the music of D.K. Jones.
That goes with the subgenius movie Arise.
Which is now out on DVD, finally.
It's been on VHS for years, but it's Arise on DVD.
The soundtrack is free on alt-binary Slack.
Ooh, Sheldon Allman did the song Big Brother.
And we heard the voice of Phineas Narcos sometimes on Radio Synesthesia.
Which is hosted by Dr. Sinister on WCSB Cleveland.
With call.
Yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
And Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
That song, the crazy guy song by the British accent people was The Lounge Pimps.
And our songs are offered up on alt-binary Slack often by Reverend Blackout,
New Monet, Dead Horse, Neuromanson, and so many others.
Friends, if you need more information, check out...
www.subgenius.com
The music in the background is called Trick Bag from Truth Squad's album Super Killer.
Truth Squad featuring Reverend Jimmy Ryan on lead guitar.
And friends, all of the collages in this show, the incredible collages with other killer guitar,
were by Reverend Norell Preff.
And you can hear more of his collages and killers.
And you can find more guitar at heavyconfetti.com.
Friends, this is the Subgenius Radio Hour of Slack number 931 about the conspiracy.
A special thanks to Dr. Sinister for letting us use his show.
And we're about to come back and use it some more, I'm sure.
And yes, praise, praise Bob.
What?
Tell me about those old nasty hags and how, like, you get...
Tell me about your...
You know, actually, I hardly knew my grandparents.
They were all far away when I was growing up.
Okay, nothing personal.
No.
No, it was Nunu that introduced me to the ways of the deep, deep wrinkles
and the musty oldness of the ancient, ancient, ancient folds and crevices.
I'm sure there are some people who would view it as a religious experience
to see the ancient hallowed halls of some ancient, old, wise matriarch.
I'm sure there's probably some weirdo out there who's got that fixation.
Oh, actually, there's a very interesting news group that people like me look at,
you know, for medical reasons, called Alt Binaries Erotic Senior Citizens.
Senior Dash Citizens.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.








Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Got to wonder where those pictures are taken.
They're taken from that house you just drove by off the side of the road.
Oh, yeah.
Those boring houses full of those boring people that you think live such boring lives.
They're the swingers that are, you know, photographing each other and then meeting up after they, you know, post their hot photos on the Internet.
The kind of house that looks like from Night of the Living Dead, you know.
Out in the field somewhere.
Yeah.
I'm just a lurker.
I just look at that stuff and go, wow.
Wow.
Somewhere in some trailer court, there's that slutty, filthy, dirty, buck-toothed babe just waiting for a nervous fellow like me.
That's the lure of porno, you know.
It just takes over.
Pretty soon, it just takes over your whole mind.
You're nothing but one big, raw, throbbing, abused brain cell.
I'm not speaking personally from any experience.
This is just what I read from Kraft Ebbing and so forth.
Yes, of purely medical reasons.
Yeah, I've read, I actually have read a lot of stuff about pervs and so forth.
And I just find that stuff.
You know, I used to be interested in religion.
And it's just an extension of the same drive, I'm sure.
Just more basic.
Bob moved into the sex industry, you know, at a certain key point.
And, of course, that was when I was born.
The industry has been.
Oddly enough, that was when that Senate subcommittee was fired up.
We've been tied up in litigation ever since.
Wow.
People get weirded out when Bob starts talking about sex with really old people.
But, you know, AIDS is spreading faster among the elderly now than any other age, any other group.
Really?
Yeah, because, you know, when you're retired, you don't, what else do you have to do?
And you're in one of those homes full of people.
You're in your own age.
And they're all sitting around listening to Woodstock records and smoking medical marijuana.
What do you think they're going to do?
The same thing they did in 1972.
Only now it's dreadful, deadly diseases instead of dreadful, you know, harmful diseases.
So it's a bummer, man.
Bob said it was going to be a bummer.
And of all his predictions, wouldn't that be the one to come true?
A bummer and a comer.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's going to be a bummer.
That's a new way.
But we do have a lot of new ways.
There is, you know, the subgenius must, you know, quit, get a second job.
We changed it from quit your job to get a second job.
Must give slack instead of get slack and so forth.
It's going to be a bummer.
Would be a good bumper sticker for me.
Well, what are some good slackful jobs?
Is there is that an oxymoron?
I think what you need to do is find a kind hearted woman with a good job and pray.
Yeah, Bob.
I these United.
Yeah, but I have a deficit.
I've got a deficit to that.
Yeah, but I have a deficit.
I've got a deficit to that.
Yeah, but I have to serve.
Yeah, but I have to do that.
Yeah, but I have to do that.
Yeah, but I have to do that.
Economic ills.
The economic ills.
Yeah.
In this present crisis, in this crisis, the idea we we we we will go away, we'll go away, we'll go away.
We'll go away.
The flicker flicker flicker.
I'm going to the.
Back to the.

Yeah, but I suffer that suffer.
We suffer.
We suffer economic economic economic economic decisions.
Decisions.
Penal penal penal penal penal penal.
Come come come come.
I'm sorry.
Human human human human misery.
Misery.
Misery.
Misery.
I'm going to.
Dick.
Dick.
Dick.
Turn.
Turn.

Turn for their labor, their labor by by by.
He laughs he laughs he laughs.
He knows.
He knows.
666 from me great, great burden.
Spending.
Spending.
Spending, spending, spending, spending, spending, spending, spending, side.
We were P rinse on here.
They're hiding all the конце.
Yeah.
Hello.
Hello, ma'am.
I am not, are you evident that ourcompanyцには imajaringilu kare
forveitat Zurich thousands miles without future.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
He was like that.
John was like this.

I am again like this.
I'm going to park that lied in my car.










But all of these guys are cheap here at the food dump!
You're going.
I'm jumped out.
Who is he?
It's me, dear.
When he say Vietnamese, I fittingly say girl ch land.
Dé stocksuine.



It's brand but I live here.

I see it, but I hardly dare believe it.
You can believe it.
The Yeti have taken vengeance into their own hands.
And you're tuned to the Central Mosque in North London.
A new report on the sexual abuse of Colin Powell says children in developing countries promote or hide the true extent of Colin Powell in Athens with $5 billion after surrendering to kill themselves.
A terminally ill British man has died.
Now he's dead.
Oh, yes, dear friend.
That little last bit was by Reverend Fernandin Andy Lemur.
Actually, he's Mr. Fernandin Andy Lemur.
And praise God.
