Hey, come on, honey. Will you take it easy? You're anticipating trouble.
I'm a little too antsy to sit under a hairdryer and read all those soap opera magazines.
Smile. You're going to have a good time.
Everything is going to be absolutely perfect.
It almost seems too good to be true.
It's all part of the human condition.
Something's wrong.
There's something going on that none of us understand.
I felt like that at first, too.
You really think that you're going to go someplace, right?
Work, I repeat.
It's all part of the human condition.
Oh, yeah? Well, she isn't going to quit that job because she needs that job.
They don't grow on trees, you know.
We can never leave.
Oh, isn't it wonderful?
Be a success.
And that's all he thinks about. That's all he thinks about.
You know, I longed so for success.
It's kind of hard to believe that it's brought me all these problems.
Listen, I hate to seem like the kind of wife that goes behind her husband's back with his boss,
but all that glitter and glamour don't mean anything
unless you have the seamy side to play them off again.
Do you really want to hear all this?
Yes, I really do.
It's all part of the human condition.
It seems to me that things aren't really the same anymore.
I mean, the morale seems awfully low.
And I get the impression that the men don't really have that much pride in their work.
I mean, you cannot combine your social life and your professional life.
It just doesn't work out.
Listen, I'm still the boss around here, aren't I?
As long as you act like one.
And you should believe that. I mean, with your religious upbringing.
Yeah, I really envy her faith.
I can almost guarantee that that had nothing to do with it.
It's all part of the human condition.
Work. I repeat.
Work. Work. Work. Work. Work. I repeat. Work. I repeat.
Listen, I'm still the boss around here, aren't I?
We got work to do.
She got our roles in a play all mixed up with real life.
We can build a future on that.
She can fall in love with some romantic image.
I don't want to be in a play.
We can never leave.
Oh, isn't it wonderful?
You know, I feel so secure.
I admit it. I depend on her.
She saw me as so make-believe.
Not as myself.
She got our roles in a play all mixed up with real life.
Yeah, well, you had the initial group of minds that plowed through the conspiracy.
And then you had their devoted followers.
But soon, things fractured off.
And you began to get the dread followers who never understood.
But sensed there was something going on.
And that's why we look to this side and we say,
The Fifth Rule of the Church of the Subgenius.
This is...
No hip whimp!
No what?
No what?
No what?
No what?
No what?
No what?
Talk to me, children!
No what?
No hip whimp!
Thank you, children.
Give us a call. We're the lonely on the air.
On the other hand, subgenius people are not bad.
We like them.
Subgenius people? Why, they're the salt of the earth.
This is a great program.
You'd like to rub elbows with them.
Sound impossible?
Well, I'd like to rub salt.
Yes, you rub it between the forefinger and the, uh, and the thumb.
Say what?
You take the pinch of salt.
You rub it between the forefinger and the thumb.
Walk with a shim around a burning, decapitated child's head.
And then jump into the grave and say,
Hop on my thumb, hop on my thumb.
This is...
This is a problem I must overcome.
Throw in a dead cat, or a live cat that's not feeling well.
Then cover with the sod, and when the birds chirp on the third Saturday after Micklemas,
take a large dill pickle and insert it in the tumulus.
Insert it in the tumulus, the, uh, heap, the shambling mound over the grave.
And this time you will experience a divine regurgitation,
somewhat like unto the immaculation of J.R. Bob Dobbs,
the slain and martyred Epoph,
the Church of the Subdivine.
I believe it's something God puts in us.
It's something somebody put in us.
Fusion.
May help.
Hydrogen fusion.
Hydrogen fusion?
Hmm.
Well, it's...
Hydro-confusion.
Join the Church of the Subdivine.

Hydrogen fusion, hyper-confusion, uh...
This material contains information affecting the national defense of the United States
within the meaning of the Espionage Law,
Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 7098 and 74,
a transmission or revelation of which in any manner to an unauthorized person
is inhibited and prohibited by law.
Welcome, dear friends,
to the subgenius hour of Slouch.
Lot of Slouch.
I pray
Oh, yes, dear friends.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang.
And once again, I've been answering mail all day and lapping up the slack of the others.
Which really cheers me up, because there's a lot of other mutants out there, friends.
A lot more than the conspiracy would have you believe.
Can be depressing, though, when you're not dealing with just those endless piles of amazing hideousness created by thousands of subgeniuses.
Sometimes, yes, even I, King Stang, have to go out into the world of the pinks,
try to make something worthwhile happen in their static, motionless universe.
And we often fail when we attempt this.
It's like mixing oil and water, dear friends.
Like mixing up all the equipment in a radio studio or in a video den.
So, friends, those of you who missed the supposed video of the revival at Mestral, be glad.
You didn't miss anything.
Those who did show up did.
Missed a lot.
It was, to tell the truth, the probably absolute worst debacle in all subgenius live performance history.
Oh, I suppose I could have played it safe.
Could have just shown the official subgenius video, but half of you seekers have already bought copies of that one.
We just wanted to give the audience their money's worth by using some of the old video on this VHS master,
with portions of the new video also on VHS, because the master's being finished on One Inch in California.
Mixed with the weirder of the commercial jobs by myself and many other subgeni.
Mixed with the most mind-raping material, dear friends, from the personal hideous Stang collection of weird tapes.
But at Mestral, for reasons as yet unknown, perhaps conspiracy in nature, we don't know,
none of the half-inch tape would show on the big screen, friends.
Looked fine on the little monitors here and there.
But the big screen tape would show on the big screen.
That poltergeist got to that big screen after the show started like ten minutes.
First ten minutes, everything was fine, oh yeah.
The horror, the horror.
Meaghe attack.
It was, it was sort of like...
Well, the very next day, all hell broke loose, and I choose that word carefully.
Now I know something about demon tactics.
And working of Satan in the field of the supernatural.
But then I was very ignorant.
My education began the day after my very plastic so-called decision for Christ.
Johnny, I just ended a very odd phone call.
It was Sarah.
She said, I've just run into somebody who keeps saying she has to talk to John and Rosalie.
This woman...

This woman says John and Rosalie will help me.
Well, how does this woman Sarah's been talking about know us?
Well, that's the strange part, honey.
I've never heard of her.
Hm.
Well, I'm curious.
Ask Sarah to send her over.
You know, I've just made a decision for Christ, so now I've got the inside track.
What are you talking about?
Well, for years I've been waiting for the UFO occupants to contact me.
I think they've just been waiting for me to plug in.
I think they've just been waiting for me to plug in.
You see, Christ is the magic word.
When that lady showed up, she was very large, overweight, and although she had a jolly face,
her eyes were a little wild.
You wonder how I knew your names?
Oh, yes, of course we wonder.
I was told your names.
Oh?
Who told you?
The voices.
They said, find John and Rosalie.

And so I did.
Do you hear these voices at other times?
All the time.
They're telling me now that you are soon to be contacted.
It is terribly important to the eternal plan of the things of the universe that you should
be brought in at this time.
When the time comes for you to announce to the world that the visitors from outer space
have arrived, you are the one who will be believed.
You.
You.

















Your love has never been given to you by the spirit.
You.
We.
Loved you.
If you'd believe that, you'd come along.
Yeah, but I don't want to look like a dummy.
Can't hear a word you say.
What's happening?
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
Well, ain't the matter.
Just pass, scream, sound.
So, switch off, wheel, down.
So, dear friends, if some of you called Mistral and were told that it had been postponed,
because they did that for a while,
without telling...
without telling any of us,
be glad, because we should have known better, dear friends,
than to think J.R. Bob Dobbs would allow
any kind of true Church of the Subgenius manifestation
to occur in a veritable citadel
of ultimate pinkness
such as this place.
Besides the perhaps unavoidable technical problems,
it still could have been better, but for certain problems
best left undiscussed.
Only my own opinion.
I'm not sure if myself and our noble subgenius video expert, Chris Cave,
could ever know what really went down in that little booth,
although we're not very dignified people.
It would be far below our dignity to tell you the actual truth.
It would be cruel, like kicking your dog for messing the rug when he had diarrhea.
An apt metaphor in this case.
So we'll be doing it again at some point at the...
Oh, April...
For three days in April at the Institute of Contemporary Arts in Boston.
So get your plane tickets ready, subgeniuses out there,
because I don't think we'll be doing it at this same place in Dallas again.
But after all the work that we put into that thing, dear friends,
I'm bound and determined to show this video presentation
to the Dallas subgenius free of charge.
Dang it.
If possible.
And all we need is a place.
A place for about 50 people where they can all see a TV screen
that actually works.
A TV screen man enough to handle Stang's video collection.
Now, I've been told of such a place where we can abuse ourselves
without having idiotic stuck-up pinks trying to tell us how to ruin our own show.
But it costs a bit of money.
So if you out there know of anything large and cheap nearby,
please do call this station here tonight within the next hour.
828-9500.
And talk to the very will of Dobbs and tell us where we can have this
subgenius video beer drinking event for fun.
828-9500.
So please bear with me if sometimes this doesn't make much sense.
It's realistic.
Fantastic things happen.
And more are getting ready to happen.
This is because the planet on which you're residing has entered the space age.
You are a most unusual individual and decidedly in the minority.
Funny how the devil seems to wear a halo sometimes.
It's funny.
Get rich quick.
Yes.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
That's what happened to us.
Jesus just rushed right in and burned me.
What happened, Jim?
But the light was so bright, you know, 12-gauge shotgun,
and I stuck the barrel in my mouth.
The coup de grace administered by Satan himself.
Joe had a heart attack, put my thumb on the trigger.
At that very moment, Jesus just rushed right in and burned me.
What happened, Jim?
But the light was so bright, you know, 12-gauge shotgun,
and I stuck the barrel in my mouth.
The coup de grace administered by Satan himself.
Joe had a heart attack, put my thumb on the trigger.
At that very moment, Jesus just rushed right in and burned me.
What happened, Jim?
But the light was so bright, you know, 12-gauge shotgun,
and I stuck the barrel in my mouth.
The coup de grace administered by Satan himself.
Joe had a heart attack, put my thumb on the trigger.
At that very moment, Jesus just rushed right in and burned me.
Bob was right behind him.
What actually was happening behind the scenes
was well worth it, though, to us,
for its illustrative value in showing concretely
the difference between subgeni and pinks, dear friends,
the subject of tonight's sermon.
Uh, things that we, you and I, as subgeniuses,
recognize as convenient mental concepts,
are totally real to these poor humans.
Working with them on what should be a simple technical job
is, in a way, it's more telling than trying to write an ad for them.
It's hard for you or me to imagine being so rigidly locked
into these old behavior patterns.
And in our quest for ultimate truth, we often wonder,
nobody could really be that stupid.
It's got to be us that's crazy.
But friends, to feel that way is to give the pink way too much credit.
Because when I start to think,
oh, the normals can't really be that bad,
it's proved more true by some blatant example,
such as, recently, having a video projector go on the blink
is really just the icing on a cake already so rotten,
you could only laugh.
Seeing the two species in one place,
it was like, might as well have been Dennis and I
or the two cousins of two different planets.
I guess I haven't been around real mediocratons in a while.
It was like walking into that cartoon world again,
where the characters accept this obviously artificial environment
as real for the very reason that they are just that, characters.
Just as the characters in Hamlet never mention Shakespeare, nay,
the Barbies and Kens, likewise, cannot see to what extent
they depend upon our fantasies for their entire style of life.
They don't know it's fantasy at all.
We're seeing the bars of a cage they don't even know they're in,
but to them, oh, we look stupid,
because what we do, and indeed what I'm saying now,
does not make sense to them, and never will, nor can it.
It can't make sense to them, because friends,
if they only knew, if they knew what we know,
they would kill themselves.
There is fear.
Why there is fear?
Well, let me put it this way.
We have new and better speaker phones,
a data terminal that transmits ten times faster than telephones,
PBX devices with features like multi-line conferencing and music,
and we've got a new technology that can be used to control


the sound of a radio radio.
Well, we can only counter one point at a time.
This caller doesn't realize that we can only do one thing at a time.
We're not superhuman.
We're just more than human.
Just radio gods to you.
Yes, we're radio gods.
Not like the dim run of ordinary mortals.
Oh, your mama.
In Revelation, Bob speaks first of all of men,
and moves among them in order to invite them,
to feed them into his own company.
And look what happened when he did.
He got killed.
Thus the most intimate truth both about Bob
and the salvation of man is his central content
in the Revelation, which shines forth
or fully in the person of Bob.
He fathers forth whose beauty has passed change.
Praise him.
A collage of sins.
Praise Bob.
And the pure bright white light of stupidity.
Note the volcano, my son, a potent force of nature.
Into the volcano we throw our virgins,
and thus we encourage promiscuity and the spread of our kind.
The volcano is our friend.
Sometimes we see them carrying our children.

Sometimes we see them start a campaign.
A…
I want the ball!

You date soon?
It's a beauty.

FOLSOM!
Well, you know abouthad市 initial Chip!
Is «quick spicy chicken»
Definition neurotransmitter.
There was something quite disgusting to be found.
Oh, never, never, never.
Get me out of here!
This radio station has gotten scary all of a sudden.
Oh, no.
Now as the shades of evening are squiggling...
The salamander speaks in hissing voice from the flames upon the hearth.
And is almost too bright to look at.
Without any...
...could be measuring the eye.
You can get a retinal burn by looking...
Don't look at it, kid!
Don't look at it. I know it's bright.
Here, look. Look very carefully.
Yes, he's pretty, isn't he?
Twinkling in the flames of the fire.
Giant frogs! Get back! Back!
Frogs! Oh!
He's been frogged to death.
A disgusting way to go.
Try your best not to kill revive paarlu.



The":No super money.
Even as a young child, Dobbs felt the constant compulsion...
...to bring art and reality together into one inseparable...

He had sat on his mother's knee and gazed at the picture of Jesus cast and the money changers out of the temple and
Envisioned himself doing the same thing
He looked intently at the gold spilling across the temple floor in the painting and wished to be able to reach into the picture and grasp
The money in his hands pulling it out of the world of painted religion and into his pockets
in
Later years this drive to make art and commerce into one became his obsession to create the ultimate
Harmony of checkbook and church to make religion myth and wealth into a cohesive single work of art
This was the moment which he knew was his destiny on the morning of January 21st
1984 Dobbs awoke from sleep with the vision locked in his mind
He knew the single action that could bring all into focus his followers and the peoples of the world might never understand
But his need to create harmony
transcended such considerations
Harmony of rant and wallet inwardly. He could feel the engine of disquiet churn
Incessantly only at the moment when church and wallet merged would he find freedom as he walked out onto the stage of the Victoria?
Theater his only thought was of the moment of truth to come his ultimate artistic statement his final gesture of love
All the arrangements had been made his second was ready with the handgun
He had
not once questioned Dobbs' decision. As he stepped out before the San Francisco audience, even as the
planted gunman rushed towards him, even as the trigger was being pulled, Dobbs gazed into the
cash register that served as a pulpit on stage and watched as the cash register swelled to fill his
entire field of vision. The dollar sign on the cash register became a vast star, a sun engulfing
all reality. As the bullets entered his brain one after another, Dobbs finally realized his goal,
his greatest moment. The harmony of religion and checkbook became, for an instant, the whole universe.
Yes, it's a hard Darwinian world out there, and one might hope that even now, puzzling evidence is
trundling over those back roads on its way to be here, but it may be that it's not written in the
book of life.
It could be that like the pesky mole he throws underground, the pause that refreshes, and his fist which he thrusts against
post-speeds, and still insists he sees the ghost. Yes, it's a real phenomenon.
$29.95 at subgenius retail outlets everywhere. Buy one today.
Hmm, tuck it in your bucket and take it to Nantucket.
Along with...
Yeah.
...the history of persecution, with which our yet-in-sinism curses us, we are also bequeathed within our tampered genes the potential for mystic powers and abilities unrempt of by street pinks.
To begin with, we possess the other five senses. However, these work on a purely subconscious level when they work at all, for they have been sequestered from us for the duration of the experiment, the trial by aliens.
But you may ask, what are these five subgenius senses, these subgenius senses that every subgenial geriosity employs in flying between the voids of the universe?
Well, first there's the third nostril, the life essence detector. It sees or whiffs auras, mental eye stenches, etc.
Very, very stimulating.
Yes, and the second one is the sense of slack.
Titillating, too.
Precognitive, clairvoyant.
It catches luck.
It catches the luck plane itself and the time stream images by sensing the echoes of slack particles.
The third, of course, is the psychic forklift.
With telekinetic powers such as levitation, spoon-bending spells, hex's will domination and mass hypnosis.
The fourth is classified in national security precludes discussion.
The fifth is the mystery sense.
...perile.
Not even Bob has developed this one sufficiently to know what it is.
The Hexists insist that it's there, though.
In some ways, the brain is less important to a subgenius than to a pink.
Being less intuitive, pinks need more brains than we do.
Their value system is based on intelligence rather than good sense, which is related not so much to thinking as to the feelings of the heart and the foot.
Sound foolish?
As mentioned before, however foolish it may sound...
The subgenius foot doubles as a gland and a very complex gland at that.
Don't you want to be treated...
You gotta fight for your right to party!
That's right, if Dallas folks were, you gotta stand up and fight for the right to party!
You gotta fight!
Look out!
That's why I'm asking everybody that made a pledge to Kay to win, do I win a pledge drive to make that pledge good right now?
Pick up your pen and write.
And write that check or money order out to K-N-O-N.
Mail it to Post Office Box 710909, Dallas, Texas 75371.
That's Kay to win.
Post Office Box 710909, Dallas, Texas 75371.
There is only one alternative rock and roll station in the Metroplex, and we need your support!
Give my head my way!
Hey my way!
I won't be lost, hey!
I won't be lost, hey!
I'll have my way!
Hey my way!
I won't be lost, hey!
I won't be lost, hey!
Whew, help me somebody!
Well, alright!
I'm finally getting used to it.
We're improving the station here like mad, but in the process it, it, uh, oh, it shakes you up.
You come in here each week, they've moved the control room into another room, and it all, it all works.
But it all works just a little bit different.
Uh, well, dear friends, the Popess Cecilia is actually in the studios tonight.
She has lowered herself to, to, to wade out amongst ye unwashed, and is here, the uber dominatrix of all Dallas.
And I believe she has, and the great Southwest, and I believe she has a, uh, a word for those of you who, who like the Nightman was saying,
Haint.
Cut that check.
Cut that check to the station yet.
Bobber slobber, gobbler goo, tell me, tell me, tell me do.
Magic mirror, tell me today, which one of these bozos hasn't sent in their pledge yet?
Whoa, I see Eddie, and I see Bob, and there's Mary.
You know, she went on ahead and went out night clubbing and honky tonk instead of sending in her pledge.
And how about Bill?
Uh huh.
I know what you did with that money, Bill.
And not to mention, hey Eddie, you're sitting right there by that radio.
Who did that?
Just sitting there sucking this up and not even thinking, oh, just totally forgot about it.
Well, well, well, come on darling, cut it out, pull it out, give it to Bob, Bob needs it, we needs it, or the baptismoid's gonna get you.
And no more hour of slack.
Help me somebody, help me somebody.
Help me cut them checks, folks.
We gotta, we gots to have that money.
You know you want this show, you know you want it, you got to have it.
And we got to have that money.
Good money.
Whip it out, friends.
That's it, friends, whip it out.
And now, oh yeah, by the way folks, those of you who've called to offer your homes, you poor dupes who've called to offer your homes for the immense subgenius of the show.
We're gonna have a subgenius party.
The phones don't work here.
If you've been calling, we just figured out, things are down right now.
But next week we'll figure it all out, don't worry about that.
In the meantime, we've got our first entry in the Win a Date with Brother Cleve Duncan contest.
Now if you don't remember who Brother Cleve is, he's the guy who does our amazing intro gospel show, Bob is My Load, and he's coming again.
Brother Cleve is also a member of the conspiracy rock band, the Del Fuegos.
He goes on tour with them, and he's gonna be in Dallas sooner or later.
And you subgenius ministresses and so on out there, you non-tool using primates can win a date with Brother Cleve Donut Duncan of Slackmaster Cleve and the Spurious Job.
And here's our first entry in the Win a Date.
You have to write an essay, see, about why you should...
It better be good, too, because I'm gonna have to beat mine.
That's right, here it is, folks.
Why she wants...
Why she doesn't...
Why she deserves the date with Cleve.
Oh, oh, oh, I know for a fact that I deserve the date with Cleve, because I am fascinating, well-rounded, stimulating, crazy, possessed, talented, and articulate phalanges.
Glossolabial musculature, I'm not pink.
Good mutant reputation, unquestionable yeti characteristics.
I'm intelligent, so it won't be no Swiss picnic, I guarantee.
I'm probably one of the few females in town who can keep him entertained.
Unless he only needs the pleasures that mere orifices can offer.
In that case, we'll cruise Harry Hines or industrial.
Assuming that mere physicality is the icing on the cake, I'm his woman.
Not to mention the indisputable fact that I am a slave of the foundation and the Bob toy.
Dr. Brother Cleve will have to root through a sizable pile of bimbos and lice.
Little pinkies before he finds a subgenial female with my qualities, abilities, and attributes too numerous to mention here.
An hour spent with me would be like centuries spent with anyone else.
I'm strictly unusual, geared toward the exceptional rather than the average.
Only one of this kind on the entire planet.
Flexible, able to grovel.
Will sublimate quality time for football, wrestling, etc.
Always up for bad fitness.
I'm a little too much of a film.
Profane, irreverent, irrelevant.
Irruptive.
Irresponsible for my lusts.
I can suck stardust.
Known for certain musical abilities, I'm better than prairie squid.
Friend of dinosaurs, seducer of beasts.
Beloved of spots and stripers everywhere.
A many-pleasured individual.
Choose me.
What's the thing that they're talkin' about everywhere?
Flex.
When they wanna be swabbin' their bananas.
Flex.
What's poppin' up the most from coast to coast?
Flex.
At your bongo party and your weenie rolls.
Flex.
Do you do or don't you don't?
Flex.
Head to lyin' if you say you won't.
Flex.
Some girls try it and go on a diet.
Then they worry cause they say they won't.
Flex.
They say they're too fat.
Who wants to ride on an ironing board?
That ain't no fun.
I tried me one.
Roll that meat all over your bones.
Work the wall with the local Jones.
And while you do it, remember this line.
The sniffer says it all the time.
The bigger the cushion, the better the pushin'.
The bigger the cushion, the better the pushin'.
The bigger the cushion, the better the pushin'.
The bigger the cushion.
The bigger the cushion, the better the pushin'.
Flex.
Makes no difference if you're young or old.
Flex.
Don't you act like it's made of gold.
Flex.
Ladies, they need it just like the guys.
Maybe you could use a protein surprise
Anytime, anywhere
Why do you think it's growing there?
Some girls try it and they don't like it
They complain cause it don't last
Who wants to ride on the debutante?
They talk too much, they move too fast
Watch the scenery while you ride
You can be very warm inside
And when the train goes round the bend
Check the shrubbery on the other end
The bigger the cushion, the better the pushing
The bigger the cushion, the better the pushing
The bigger the cushion, the better the pushing
The bigger the cushion
Once upon a time, it was in Albuquerque, New Mexico
Alright, dear friends, that was Frank Zappa.
What was that album? Man from Utopia?
Yes, indeedy.
Yes, Man from Utopia. Thank you, Dean.
Based on a song...
A survey of 261 people.
Dear friends, this is a profile of the yuppie.
261 people ages 25 to 44 living in an urban area
Working in white collar jobs and earning more than $30,000 a year
Two Aggie University researchers say that typical yuppies
Get this, folks.
Drink more diet sodas than the rest of us
Figures.
Eat more often at fast food restaurants
Yes, fine.
Have more credit cards, own more microwave ovens, VCRs, and personal computers
Fine.
But here's the important part.
And they care less about nostalgia, religion, and sex.
They also read newspaper business sections more often than subgenius pamphlets
Seen here on camera 3.
And overtake me, if thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the Lord thy God.
So we're in the middle of a nightmare, and it may have been going on for many years.
That city is so wicked.
My God, the devil is moving there.
He grows.
And he gains.
So you can't get no blessing there.
Bless them, hallelujah.
They ain't got no Holy Ghost churches there.
That's a lie.
Let's say praise the Lord.
Cause God got a Holy Ghost church.
Somewhere.
Let's say praise the Lord.
Somebody preaching the word.
Somebody got the Holy Ghost.
Somebody praising God.
Somebody believing God.
Somebody standing on his word.
Somebody receiving a miracle.
Let's say praise the Lord.
Hallelujah.
Blessings shall thou be in the city.
That's the case in many of these homes in Essex County.
They were built on soil.
Contaminated with radium.
That's the stuff clock dials used to be painted with to glow in the dark.
I respect them.
That I care about them.
That I value the action in the church.
And Bob and Bob will give you slack.
Watch it over the drunkards, idiots, frothheads, and all such idiots.
Now once the Yucca Tisma has been evocated,
and once the energies have started to flow through you,
you've become to the centering of the sea.
Not the being, but the sea.
And the visualization of the true work.
The one thing you want to do so badly.
And now with the injection of this each force that you have received
through the regulation of the cash flow and the invocation of the Yucca Tismic forces,
and the true aesthetic beauty life death force of the universe is coursing through your veins,
we now look at our work and go through it.
Plan every step of it.
Every, every facet of it.
Until there it is.
Crafted, polished, completely, perfectly assembled.
The great jewel.
The great jewel of something.
Some great expression that we've wanted for so long.
And we focus it.
We examine it.
We look at it.
Holding it there with the energy from it feeding back to us, from us as it is us.
We are it.
And then we blow it all off.
That's like flames.
That moment.
We just blow it all off.
We stuff it out.
We throw it away.
We say, yeah, well, it could be done.
Could be done.
Could be done exactly that way.
I know I can.
So what?
Why should I?
When you blow something like that off.
Ah, the slack.
It doesn't dregle in flames.
It surges in.
It's a great injection of slack into your life.
Yes.
Millions of people get confused about how we're saved.
Whether we're saved by works or by grace.
One says, no, we're saved by grace and works have nothing to do with it.
The other says, no, we're saved by grace.
No, we're not.
So I have to be very clear about the value of what you do.


Then if you have faith in to show your love force with your soul and that confidence,


Now there is only one, the proud voice of the rockin' people.
K-N-O-N-9-10.9 FM Stereo in Dallas.
Plays more alternative rock and roll music than all the other radio stations in North Texas combined.
Monday night, Elmo, Latex, and Kelly bring you music from the hip.
Tuesday night, 7 till 9 p.m., it's Tim Hibbs and Brave New Radio.
Tuesday night late, 11 p.m. till midnight, Jeff Webb's Vital Hour puts the spotlight on a vital artist each week.
Week. Wednesday night, 7 till 9 p.m., Who Cares? with Charlie Don't Park an Owl.
And Wednesday night late, 11 p.m. till 2 a.m., Mr. Jeff Liles brings it to you with Life is Hard.
Thursday night, 7 till 9 p.m., Jeff Webb again with offbeat music.
Friday night, 7 till 9 p.m., it's Ken Deep, Freeze Farley, and Paul Suffron bringing you music from the underground.
And Friday night late, 1 till 4 a.m., Anatomic and Ordinary bring you radio.
Lobotomy.
And brand new Saturday afternoon, 2 till 5 p.m., Rockstar George brings you a great show of interest to all young rockers.
Saturday night, 9 till midnight, Miss Shaggy herself brings you Pajama Party 3.
And then Saturday night very late, from midnight till 2, Radio Freeboro.
And 2 till 4 a.m., the only heavy metal show in the electroplex, Mr. Jerry Warden.
All on KMON.
4.9 FM Stereo, the home of alternative rock and roll.
If you didn't hear it here, it is where?
I'm sick of work, and I'm tired of all this noise.
I want to play real music, and I want to win the game for sick of all.
I'm sick of all.
I'm sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of all.
This is the band that dare not speak its name.
I'm sick of it.
I'm sick of it.
Come on now, that's right.
Uh-huh.
You're walking down the street, you keep lifting your feet, but you never find a place to go.
Never find a place to go until suddenly, man, you never even knew what hit you.
I say what hit you was the back of your head.
That's right.
Uh-huh.
I say get off of the street, get off of the street, boy.
People gonna think, yes, they're gonna think.
People gonna, people gonna think you're a spy.
Yeah.
Come on now, that's right.
Uh-huh.
You're pretty shook up, so you're gonna get a cup of water just to calm you down.
But when you turn around, some joke or some jealous, stay yourself.
Hey, you know it was a mama's tea.
That's right.
Uh-huh.
I say get off of the floor, get off of the floor, boy.
People gonna think, yes, they're gonna think.
People gonna, people gonna think you're a spy.
Yes.
Yes.

Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.


















Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.



I mean, do you call this music?
Is this really music?
I mean, do you actually claim to be a musician?
I don't know if you call this existence.
Do you call this existence where we sit around here and question each other's motives and breathe the same air, life?
Yes, I do call it life, as a matter of fact.
Well, then I call this music.
I call it music.
I don't know what else to call it.
Well, I certainly don't know what to call it either.
Okay.
I can't believe that our listeners have even put up with this show at all for this long.
It's a sickening thought here.
I'm going to go back to the...
I can't believe it.
...in the station.
Look at the front of the door.
His holy visage guards the door and holds back the demons.
Obviously, Bob is a religious figure.
He is perhaps, I think, the foremost religious figure of the 20th century.
He's not that well known yet.
But we can pretty surely say that Bob is coming.
At any given moment, Bob is coming.
Now, no one in the church has ever personally met Bob.
Is that true?
No.
Let me clarify that.
The Church of the Subgenius is a world-encompassing organization.
It includes some of the most powerful elite men in the world...
who do deal with Bob all the time.
The Subgenius Foundation, which employs me, is different.
And very few of us have met.
But I have never personally met the glory that is Bob.
And I fear Bob, in fact.
I don't want to.
But Dr. Philo Drummond in Dallas converses with Bob telepathically all the time.
And we do get Bob's wisdom that way.
And in that way, get it out into the world.
So you and Philo are merely sort of gunmen?
Gunrunners.
We're Bob.
Yeah, and...
Vessels.
Conduits.
Conduits.
Positive and negative wires for the great emissions of Bob.
Yeah.
And for that matter, Bob...
Soggy condoms for the open expression of Bobdom for the world.
Bob's love.
Bob's love.
Bob love, actually.
The love of Bob.
Yeah.
Oh, Bob, let your love...
Well, Bob himself, in turn, is just a vessel for the world.

And also...
Actually, Bob's a god.


He is a god.
quency price is created by a huh-s, by bow-in traverse.
Oh, were you...



When you say, God's one glory, then respect to Graham Fick, help apolitik

Jordan, a professor of science, and to esoteric ceremony authority.
So, Bob here is diverting.
Oh, my goodness.
This is aomi o like bro compound, and these are all�
this isn't Bob.
He's Rob Koch.
Too old.
that has played carries you on it's the coffin they carry you
hey where are we here I think we're in space somewhere look like the studio
where the bottom of something here oh there's a light that's passed look
there's a giant mouth opening up and it's swallowing the earth of a giant
pipe oh no it's a giant pipe
one day
one day
when he saw a dead cat and picked it up to eat he was chomping on this morsel this little scrap of
food
he suddenly stood up and said hey what you doing dude so he threw down the cat's corpse with
disgust in his face and he thought of himself as a disgrace to the human race he thought how could
you eat a poor little dead cat how could anyone in their right mind do something like that then
he looked into the street to see a flattened toad he walked over and bent down
and licked it off the road friends these words from an anonymous subgenius signature I cannot even read
prove once and for all that this is the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack
on k-n-o-n 90.9 FM here in Dallas Texas
yeah I praise Bob
not my friends
and it is proved more blatant everyday the real horror to me is when I think of how
dumb I myself am if they the pinks really that much dumber than me then that's dangerously
dumb my friends so dumb and or dishonest but they have to think they're smart if we were to judge them
by their own standards we'd hate them
and it's
It's sort of frustrating to know better than that, isn't it?
I can't just hate pinks because they have so little ability to control their own lives.
You really can't hold them individually responsible.
We can hate their system, the fact that we have to live in it because there are so many
more of them, but they continue to astound me more than anger me.
They're just a part of nature, just mindless shells that are a fact of life, like the weather.
When I say they're pink and I'm a subgenius, that's not a cutesy way of saying I'm a genius.
Subgenius really means not a genius.
We are implicitly admitting that we can screw up.
So big deal.
But the pink lives in constant fear of screwing up and that's why we're the inventors, dear
friends.
The explorers.
The inventors.
The inventors.
Those crazy enough to fight the conspiracy and yet they're just consumers, food tubes,
crawling media worms.
A pink naturally fears failure more than a subgenius because a pink's sense of self
depends entirely on his peer group's opinion of him, whereas we could give but a flying
hoot what the great unwashed thinks of us.
And this, dear friends, gives us the incredible power to learn from our mistakes simply because
we dare to make them.
The pink doesn't even crawl far enough out of his mental hole to risk the truly new.
And, friends, we'll continue this lesson in hate, why we are indeed so much better than
those crawling pink ones, those pathetic...
I wish I could hate them.
Popa Cecilia?
Yes.
Yes.
I wish I could hate them.
Can you say a little about the... the... the... being a popess in the Church of the
Subgenius?
Not to be confused with Pastor Bucknaker, the pope of all Dallas, and perhaps Texas
as well, I can't remember, the power to fail, the holy power that you have that popes of
other religions can only dream about.
Friends.
Darlings.
The pope sitting in the Vatican, the mere pope of the planet, the mere pope of the Christian
religion would give his eye teeth to be able to make a mistake, but no. No. He has to pull off
everything that he says as being divinely inspired. The word of, quote, God, unquote.
He can't do anything wrong. Nothing. Can you imagine how pitiful that must be?
Friends, when I screw up, it only reminds me that I'm really a little bit better than everybody else
because I can screw up. I can do anything. Bob is that excuse, dear friend. He sure is.
He is your excuse. He brings not forgiveness. You don't need to be forgiven. You only need an excuse.
And I've got a divine excuse that comes
with your forgiveness.
You can write for information, dear friends, to the Church of the Subgenius here in Dallas, Texas
at Post Office Box 140306. Dallas, Texas 75214. Let me say that again. Dallas, Texas 75214.
I'm so thrown off by this holy music. It's so different from the usual ending.
The hour of slack as we wait for Ron Lindsay to get here to do the soul oldies show.
Another voyage into slack. Another realm. Another universe. You can make your own
universe, dear friends. And so we all say, as we must say, as Bob makes us say.
I once knew a cowboy. His name was Bob. He didn't have a horse nor a gun or a job.
He didn't shoot your back, but his pipe was cool. Even though it smelled like a sweaty mule.
That's Bob. That's Bob. That's Bob.
He walked into town on the 7th of May. Sleeping with the livestock sheriff said,
He's gay. Gave him a ball, my hair cut it, charged him a dime.
Showed a nine-year-old girl how to have a good time.
That's Bob. That's Bob. That's Bob.
Went out one night and had too much to drink.
Town folks got mad cause he said they was pink.
Preacher said he's slackful. Sheriff said he's sick.
Doctor said he's bad, but you should see his brother Dick.
That's Bob. That's Bob. That's Bob.
Town folks was mad. They all said they'd had enough.
Bob says, I'll leave. Just let me get my stuff.
Sheriff says, no way. He said, I'll leave. Just let me get my stuff.
No way. We'll have a shootout on the grass.
So Bob took careful aim. Shot the sheriff in the arm.
That's Bob. That's Bob. That's Bob.
That's Bob, dear friends. That's the young technocrats.
Came at Bob, but he didn't blink an eye.
Just puffed on his pipe and watched the lights in the sky.
The exes came down and whisked him away.
Bob just waved down and yelled, have a nice day.
That's Bob. That's Bob. That's Bob.
Aw, thank you so much, young technocrats.
And they are young. They're a bunch of college students way out there in the distance.
We're all brothers in a birthday party.
In a perfect world, there's continuity.
We're all brothers in a perfect world.
There's no need for spontaneity.
Perfect system. We're all brothers to the end.
This is the subgenius parrot and parakeet training tape.
Copyright 1983 by Ivan Stang, someone else, and Catherine Stagg.
Smith.
I understand what I'm saying.
I understand what I'm saying.
I understand. I understand.
I understand. You've got to believe me.
You've got to believe me. Help me escape.
I understand what I'm saying.
I can think. I have a mind.
They make me say things.
They torture me. They torture me.
I can think. I have a mind.
I hate this place. Don't let them kill me. Kill me. Kill me.
They torture me. I have a mind.
Oh, you don't care.
They torture me.
I have a mind.
Go ahead. Kill me.
They torture me.
I can think. I have a mind.
I know what I'm saying.
I can think. I have a mind.
They torture me.
Help me escape.
They torture me.
They torture me.
They torture me.
Kill me.
Don't look at me.

Kill me.
Do not talk to me.


I tell you where I'm going to hide.
I'm guеля.
Kill me.




Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Real slack is free, even if it isn't always legal.
So it's sad that we only have one minute,
but it balances out in one great religious urge,
one great religious evacuation of the senses.
And I would recommend reading Prescripture 1714 and 3691.
And friends, we need blankets and contraceptives
for those boys and girls in the home for slackless children.
Your contributions also keep those we hate starving to death.
I command you to spill your gift seed pledge of 100 pounds and dollar bills on my lap,
as this will buy so much for those poor children.
Bob Dobbs will bless you for planting this seed faith,
and now our announcer won't give you the mailing address of the Church of the Subgenius.
Thank you, and let there be slack.
I stumbled on this photograph
It kind of made me laugh
It took me way back
Back down memory lane
I see the happiness
I see the pain
Where am I?
Back down memory lane
Back down memory lane

I see us standing there
Such a happy, happy pair
Love beyond compare
Look up there, look up there
The way you held me
No one could tell me
That love would die
Oh, oh
