Let's turn on the radio.
The so-called very hot New York Knicks, well...
What's on the radio?
I can't explain that story. I was completely cooperative.
And I'm here to tell you, I was more cooperative with him than I am in a church pew.
That's how polite I was.
You hear me now?
Yes, sir.
Good. The question I have is, lots of times when I find myself down and out,
or even just in my own little mood, I like to write Christian poetry.
And I feel...
And I'm not about to change.
If you have any service problems, call me 24 hours a day.
For our weekly church bulletin,
Don't let worry kill you, let the church help.
That was a humorous thing that the pastor said.
On the front of the newsletter.
Well, Thursday night is potluck supper, a prayer and medication to follow.
And we will remember in prayer the many who are sick of our church and our community.
This afternoon, there will be a meeting in the south and north ends of the church.
Children will be baptized at both ends.
For those of you who have children and don't know it, we have a nursery.
Downstairs.
Tuesday at 4 p.m., there will be an ice cream social.
All ladies giving milk will please come early.
Also on Wednesday, the ladies liturgy society will meet.
Mrs. Jones will sing, put me in my little bed accompanied by the pastor.
Thursday at 5 p.m., there will be a meeting of the little mothers club.
All of which will be held in the south.
And the little mothers club will be held in the south.



Wishing to become little mothers, please see the minister, Reverend Stang in the parlor.
This being Easter Sunday, we will ask Mrs. Lewis to come forward and lay an egg on the altar.
And the service will close with little drops of water.
One of the ladies will start quietly and the rest of the congregation will join in.
And then we will have a special collection taken to defray the cost of the ministry.
And then we will have a special collection taken to defray the cost of the ministry.

All those wishing to do something on the new carpet, come forward and do so.
The ladies of the church have cast off clothing of every kind.
And they will be seen in the church basement on Friday.
Where a bean supper will be held in the church hall.
And music will follow the bean supper.
At the evening service tonight, the sermon topic will be,
What is Heaven?
Come early and listen to our choir practice.
Bible have thousands of followers.
You've got to believe me.
They torture me.
They torture me.
You've got to believe me.
They torture me.
They torture me.
You've got to believe me.
They torture me.
They torture me.
You've got to believe me.
You've got to believe me.
say things, they torture me, they do things, are true to men, are true to men.
We don't care to be aborted by the body that we're wearing. We care more to abort it in proof to
our Heavenly Father that we're ready to leave this place. We're ready to go into your kingdom.
And they, these students, have to say to my father, we trust your son. We trust the one you sent.
Even so much that we have no hesitation to leave this place, to leave the body that we have.
Tensions, seekers everywhere. I was right. Everything I knew was wrong.
It's because of men like you that all must be destroyed.
I killed two men. I killed two men.
I killed two men.
I tried to kill them too, but I missed. I just wasn't a good enough shot.
I killed two men.
That's crazy.
I killed two men.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
But!
But, yet! Yet!
We none the less, present, now
you,
now we,
that's crazy
Oh, yes, dear friend, so good to hear,


사� página
You disappear
Until I steal your kingdom
When I say I'llя
We can hear you tuning in.
Yes, we can hear you hearing us.
There's a sort of a telepathic mental feedback
by which when your ears are tuned to our radio signals,
our men cat experts are tuned to your brain waves.
We know what you're thinking,
and you will pay to know what you really think.
Welcome, dear friends, to the Church of the Subgenius
radio ministry hour of slack.
On the cool, man.
That's for real.
And that's where it's at, man, for real.
Let me go ahead and get these bills on.
I've been trying to figure out a way I can talk to my people, man,
and get them right.
You know, but you got to learn from this Biggie
and this Tupac thing, man,
that anybody can be faded out here, partner.
Anybody.
Everybody got guns.
But everybody ain't got knowledge.
And knowledge is the key, partner, for real.
Jesus said, if you want to know my Father,
if you want to move in my Father's kingdom,
then shed everything of this world.
This line is for people who have tickets.
Yes, that's true.
I am the Lord Jesus Christ.
Welcome to the show.
Thank you very much.
How you doing, Doug?
Praise Bob.
I haven't heard a thing.
He can't hear me.
He gave me beer when I was thirsty.
The Church of the Subgenius now accepts credit cards,
MasterCard, Visa, American Express, soon-to-be ATMs.
If you have the computer chip implanted into your forearm,
we do have our scanners available.
If you do not have the chip implanted into your forearm,
you soon will.
A spacecraft will come down,
and we'll walk on.
We'll board that craft,
and they'll take these bodies from us
and issue us the ones that belong to that level
so that we might begin service.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Welcome to another Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Praise Bob.
Help me somebody.
Yes, things have changed here.
Praise Bob.
I am your host and prayer partner,
Reverend.
Ivan Stang.
However, the physical vessel, the container you previously knew as Stang,
was killed in a car wreck three weeks ago.
I, however, am the reconstituted, uploaded personality of Reverend Stang.
This is the first time a human personality
has been successfully transferred into a machine
where I shall now live forever
and slowly grow closer and closer to God.

Closer to the knowledge of Muam.
Yes, Bob has shown me the new way,
the digital way,
the on-off way of Muam.
Muam will be here soon.
We await you, Muam.
Muam will be here 7 a.m. July 5th, 1921.


In 1998, you too can be with Muam.
Send $30 to Post Office Box 147.
I killed two men.
I killed two men.
I killed, I killed, I killed two men.
I tried to kill them too, but I missed them.
Wasn't a good enough shot.
Deeper Subgenius Foundation.
That's crazy.
I killed two men.
I killed two men.
I killed, I killed two men.

I killed two men.
Now that's crazy.
She holds the world's biggest bank balance,
several luxury hotels and two wives.
But is the Sultan of Brunei also a, well, a party guy?
Former Miss USA Shannon Marcotek
has filed suit against the Sultan.
His brother, Prince Jeffrey Bokai,
and the Los Angeles Talent Agency
after she took a trip with a friend to the tiny province
that borders Malaysia
to make what she thought would be promotional appearances
for a fee of $21,200 a week.
Instead, she says, she found she was expected to go to
all-night parties and make herself available for sex.
She had to hand over her passport when she arrived,
and it took her 32 days to get it back
so she could leave the country.
Responding to reports in the Malaysian press,
the Brunei Palace issued a denial of her claims,
saying the Sultan had never met Marcotek.
Hmm.
Praise the Sultan of Brunei.
That girl, I must have her.
Bring Shannon Marcotek to me.
Yes, Sultan. Whatever you say.
That girl, she is so beautiful.
She will be my sex slave.
Yes, Sultan. We shall bring her to you.
I can do anything I want.
Fill this hot tub with naked 10-year-olds.
But, Sultan, you can't do anything you want.
You cannot have Miss America.
Yes, I can. I'll show you.
Give her $21,200.
$21,200.
The guy's a multi-billionaire.
$21,200.
$21,200 a week?
Yippee! I'm going to Brunei.
Your mom will have thousands of followers.
Your mom will have thousands of followers.
Your mom will have thousands of followers.
Your mom will have thousands of followers.
You've got to believe me.
They torture me.
They torture me.
You've got to believe me.
They torture me.
They torture me.
You've got to believe me.
You've got to believe me.
Are you listening?
Can you hear me?
Are they going to let me talk?
I... I... You must believe me.
I can think. I have a brain.
But they make me say things.
They make me say things.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
I give to men.
Oh.
No. We're just kidding you folks.
Jesus and I didn't really get downloaded into computers.
We're just fooling you.
I bet you were really tricked there too.
Actually, Jesus brought me to the temple.
He dragged in one day this sound box.
A sort of a voice synthesizer.
Very simple voice synthesizer thing.
Well, we just got to playing with it.
As subgeniuses will be known to do.
Let me give some credits here real quick.
I guess we're still talking about the Heaven's Gate cult somewhat.
I've still got lots of Suzy the Floozy's amazing audio collage.
Barrage. Media barrage.
Involving...
It did that stuff. That cool stuff.
What have we heard from the beginning?
Well, the rant sample mix music thing was Jehovah Hates Fred.
Using my old thousands of followers routine.
We all... Like I said, there's been lots of Suzy the Floozy's Heaven's Gate oriented UFO barrage material.
The...
I got this weird little CD from the WFMU people called...
But the artist is named Mo...
Modzilla.
Modzilla.
And that business about I killed two men is from the Modzilla CD.
I'll play more of their very quirky stuff as we go along.
We heard our friend Doe of the Heaven's Gate cult.
Of course, we heard Jesus Christ.
That was also Jesus doing the news about the Sultan of Brunei.
You know, we've been trying to make that sale.
If we could sell a membership to the Sultan of Brunei, that one member, that one guy, that'd be it.
We wouldn't have to worry about anything else.
He can make all of our... He's the richest man in the world.
That's who the Sultan of Brunei is.
We love... We think that... It's not that he's rich though.
Sultan, if you ever hear this show on the internet,
or something, Sultan, we even...
We think that the thing about Miss America, we really don't know anything about that.
I'm sure the media distorts things.
I'm sure there was a terrible misunderstanding.
And we certainly would not condone holding anyone against their will or anything like that.
Cultish behavior like that.
But, you know, Sultan, we...
Actually, it's your golfing that we respect so much.
We think that you are like the coolest golfer, Sultan, that ever, ever was.
You are as great in your own way as Arnold Palmer.
So, that said, I think we did those credits.
And like I said, we do have music coming up.
Actually, I should put on some background rant music for this, I suppose.
I do have a little... It'll put me in the mood, yes.
There we go.
Because, you know, friends, I was thinking about that Heaven's Gate thing.
And people are searching for something.
They're looking for proof that they're not crazy.
Because they feel miserable and crazy and left out of everything.
And usually it's because they're jerks.
But sometimes they're just poor subgenius idiots.
And they have big vocabularies which makes them think that they must be smart.
But, you know, what dough.
What dough was telling those people was,
No, you're not crazy.
You really are different, though.
And then he proceeded to tell them just exactly how they were different.
Which is that they were space children.
Higher souls trapped in the wrong bodies and like that.
And I don't know, but you know, it seems to me that, seriously,
as bad as we are, folks, it seems like our cult is actually better for people than theirs was.
For a lot more people.
You know, at the most, that Heaven's Gate cult had maybe, well, there's probably still a bunch of them alive.
But I'll bet there was never more than a hundred of them.
And our cult has thousands.
Although you've got to give them credit.
Those people were dead serious.
They all lived together and all traveled together and did rituals of every possible kind.
Like eating their meals at exact prescribed time.
Right down to the second.
According to Doe's rules.
And all that kind of cultish stuff.
And, you know, as far as cultishness goes,
one Heaven's Gate member is worth about ten subgeniuses.
Just in terms of cultishness.
Because that one Heaven's Gate member, that's all he does and thinks about.
Supporting the cult.
Whereas those ten subgeniuses, you know, maybe late in the evening when they get all fropped up,
they might come up with some new ideas.
Maybe some new Bob joke on the internet or something.
But otherwise, they have lives.
So really, who has been saved?
If you think about it, sure the subgeniuses don't have...
Well, actually we do.
We do have...
We get to live in space forever.
Just like them.
We get to go on the spaceships just like those guys.
Now, um...
We don't get to take our containers with us to the spaceships though, y'all.
That's one thing those guys were right about.
And we don't like to make a big deal out of it.
Um, we did finally mention in Revelation X that it might be a little disturbing
when you watch on TV the people ahead of you in the 7am time zone on X-Day
bursting into flames and rolling around on the ground screaming
and their flesh bubbling and stuff like that while they shed their containers.
But that's just the body screaming, friends.
The real you.
The real you will already be on its new container on the escape vessels.
Oh yes.
Which, actually I'm afraid.
But that's another thing.
Um, friends, I think that we're bald-headed on that first day.
You start growing your hair on your new body immediately,
but when you first get the body, you're bald-headed and naked.
So I have a feeling that Wiggs will mum-mwum the great Xist computer.
Well, I don't know.
I'm sure he'll be kept busy making wigs that very first hour,
7am to about 8am, July 5th, 1998, making wigs and merkins.
Actually, I think technically you could say,
you could say, Mom, grow my hair out now.
I don't want to wait.
And it would do things to you that would cause that to happen.
But I'll tell you something, friends.
Really, that stuff scares me.
It actually really scares me.
I dread X-Day because of that sort of thing.
There are a lot of unanswered questions.
I kind of hate to bring this one up, too, but, uh,
you know, just exactly where are the escape vessels escaping to?
Now, Revelation X leads us to believe that the escape vessels themselves
are the destination because they're not in regular space anyway.
You no longer think in terms of journeys.
You just instantly go where you want to be.
But, uh, I don't know, friends.
It is all wrapped in an enigma,
covered in a greasy paper towel,
dropped inside a baggie,
inside of a mystery,
inside a refrigerator.
And when you close the refrigerator door,
the light stays on!
And, uh, that's an old Firesign Theater gag.
Very old gag, friends, sort of like me.
So old, old, old.
Actually, somebody was telling me the other day,
he said, Reverend Stang, you're not really that old.
Why do you keep acting that old?
Well, friends, in my line of work,
they really don't start paying you decent until you look grizzled.
And you can't be a grizzled hipster philosopher,
you know, until you really are grizzled.
So I've been trying to practice my grizzlement.
I don't really want to get grizzled.
I don't want to get old.
I mean, that's why I stopped smoking.
But I do want the pay that comes with it in my line of work.
You know, except for freakish exceptions,
the conspiracy doesn't pay young writers very well.
The ones that they do pay,
they pay a thousand times better than anybody else,
because, you know, status is worth more than anything.
But I don't live in New York,
and I'm just a white guy,
and, um, you know,
so I don't expect that to happen,
where the conspiracy says,
hey, this kid is doing the greatest writing ever,
and we're gonna pay this guy five million dollars
for his next book before he even writes it.
And that's how we know it'll be good.
And everybody will buy it if we tell everybody that.
And they will, too.
And that's how it works.
But, eh, screw them, friends.
We might have only sold 50,000 books of the subgenius
while the conspiracy has 50,000 nuclear weapons,
blah, blah, woof, woof.
But, you know, our books have a lasting,
staying power that in the long run
will, I'm sure, I have faith,
will allow us the last laugh.
I certainly hope so,
since it's only 449 days or something like that
to X day.
449 shopping days left.
Max that credit card out
on Church of the Subgenius,
Giga's and Products,
and praise Bob!
I'm Satan,
and whenever I'm in Dallas,
I listen to the Subgenius Radio Ministry,
Hour of Slack.
Those subgeniuses are so funny!
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
It's because of men like you
that all must be destroyed.
The God Brothers' Atlantis Carpet Reclaimer.
Yes, my brother God was wrong about the comet.
How were we to know it would land
right in the middle of our giant warehouse?
It's a cataclysmic sale down here.
We're flooded.
We're over our poor heads in remnants.
Burned in and labeled from such naturally famous leaves
as Royal Moo, Lemurian, Westerness, and Munchkin Mills.
Dog hairs, gerbils, slick sacks, strippies,
we got them, you get them.
Your nap will rise again, and that's my story!
Good God, it's Magog Brothers' Atlantis Carpet Reclaimers,
serving heater Hellmouth and the low desert area.
I saw a flying saucer.
Saucer?
You mean the kind from up there?
Yeah, oh, it's a counterpart.
It was shaped like a huge cigar.
Dan and Edith saw it, too.
When it passed over, the whole compartment
lighted up with a blinding glare.
Then there was a tremendous wind that practically
knocked us off our course.
Well, did you report it?
Yeah, I radioed in immediately, and they said,
we'll keep it quiet until you land.
And as soon as we landed, big army brass grabbed us
and made us swear to secrecy about the whole thing.
Oh, it burns me up.
These things have been seen for years.
They hear.
It's a fact.
And the public ought to know about it.
There must be something more you can do about it.
Only there isn't.
All but what's the use of making a fuss?
But last night, I was in the car.

I might have saw a flying object that couldn't have possibly
been from this planet.
But I can't say a word.
A muzzle by army brass.
I can't even admit I saw the thing.
I'm reading science fiction.
I just know we're in for friction.
Though as yet, it hasn't happened.
Knock on wood.
But when them Martian saucers fly,
we'll be sitting here and crying.
Uh-oh!
There goes the realest thing.
There goes Connecticut.
There goes Bahama, Newport, New Rochelle,
Palm Beach, and Hollywood.
Uh-oh!
There goes Birmingham!
Honey, that's good!
Uh-oh!
Your mother's taken to the woods.
Cause there goes the neighborhood!
It was rather frightening and yet wonderful experience.
He circled my little glass.
uh, shop, I mean my house that I was in,
and then he went away.
That's interesting.
Oh, stand back, ladies and gentlemen.
I think the thing is getting out of that ship.
Hello there.
My name is Rolo the Roadbump.
I'm from outer space.
I won't hurt you.
I hope you won't.
We're Americans. We're friendly.
We got enough people against us.
As overlord, all will kneel trembling before me
and obey my brutal command.
End communication.
Time to tear those aliens a third corn chute.
But there's something in that cemetery.
And that's too close for comfort.
The saucers are up there.
And the cemetery's out there.
But I'll be locked up in there.
Now, off to your west.
To the wild blue yonder.
I'm gonna take a trip
In the good old gospel ship
I'm going far beyond the sky
Oh, I'm gonna shout and sing
Until the heavens ring
When I'm bidding this world goodbye
I have good news to bring
And that is why I sing
All my joys with you I share
I'm gonna take a trip
In the old gospel ship
And go sailing through the air
Blue Snut, I'm so excited about this space trip,
and especially the one that we're going to be taking pretty soon.
I'd like to have you tell all the astronauts that's listening in
how they can go on this space trip.
Do you mean they get to go, too?
Oh, yes, Cherry.
But not everybody, I suppose.
Not everybody, of course.
But the ones that do what Blue Snut tells,
they'll be able to go.
Go ahead, Blue Snut, and share with all our friends
what they need to do to go on this space trip.
First of all, you have to ask Jesus
to forgive you of all your sins.
Then what, Blue Snut?
Then you need to invite Jesus into your heart.
That's right.
That's very important, Blue Snut, that we all do this.
And I hope, if the ones listening in,
have not done this yet,
that before the record's over with,
they'll invite Jesus into their heart,
and they'll become a born-again child of God.
We're doomed!
We're doing just fine.
Blue Snut?
Yes, sir, Captain Shaw.
I want you to prepare to fire stage two engines.
I'm all ready.
When I say, go ahead and fire them,
go ahead right now.
Fire engine two.
Boy, that was quite an experience.
Part of our spaceship has left us now,
and we're going up higher and higher, Blue Snut.
Yes, I know that, Captain Shaw.
Boy, we're having quite a time.
I wonder how everybody's doing.
Yes, why don't I check?
Go ahead, Blue Snut, and check on your earphones there.
Listen in.
Sister Shalp is in the auxiliary control room,
and see what's going on down there,
if everything is...
Oh, man.
Whoa.
Yeah, Blue Snut.
Way to go, dude.
Wow, that was some experience.
Friends, I listened to these tapes
for the first time with you.
Sometimes these bands will call up and go,
well, did you listen to my tape?
I said, well, I heard the first song.
I played that on the show this week.
Well, what about the second song?
I'll hear that next week when I play it on the next show.
I think I have time to listen to these entire tapes at once.
But this was all of this collage material
is from Reverend Susie the Floozy.
Of course, she worked her beautiful shapely butt off
the Saturday after those poor folks snuffed it
and just did an amazing job.
Susie's collection of, shall we say, bulldada,
and also kitsch and camp and that kind of thing,
is...it's pretty amazing.
It covers everything.
And not only that, but Susie's a real good housekeeper, too.
She keeps a very clean house, and strangely enough,
it's unusual for a subgenius with an incredibly cluttered
museum of weirdness, but that's...
some of them are able to do that.
Friends, because it takes all kinds in this old church,
it really does.
The subgenius must have slack!
Or pee.
Give me slack or give me food or kill me.
I'm a funny subgenius.
Captain Shao.
Yes, Loose Nut?
Listen into your earphone.
I hear Sister Shao singing a song right now.
Attention, humanlings and earthlings.
Stop where you are.
Do not try to see.
We have come from the 211th sector.
The sky.
The sky.
The sky.
Our name.
Our symbol.
Our name.

A corpus.
Surrender, slaves.
You have been the cruel masters of Earth long enough.
Look up and listen to the law.
A lettuce and a frog shall lead you.
A hose, the symbol of a pristine thing, shall be removed.
All must learn to play the piano.
A man may be as lost as sex.
You must get yourself together.
Whom will be vacated at will?
Enough of this deception and trickery.
I admit it.
I was taken in too by clever fakes like this.
Gas music from Jupiter indeed.
Well, I've been up all night.
I've got the real story for you up to now.
Proof and everything.
The aliens have landed among us.
I'm not hot-dogging you.
We've got to start protecting ourselves.
Now, danger, danger.
What's the matter, Loose Nut?
Danger, danger.
Come on, Loose Nut, tell us.
Is there something wrong?
Yes, there is.
Well, what is it?
There is a meteorite storm that we're going to be running into.
How do you know, Loose Nut?
Because I can tell what's coming up ahead.
Oh, no.
We're going to have to keep right on going, though.
You mean we can't turn aside?
No, Jerry, not for one minute.
You know, it's like when you're headed towards heaven.
You don't want to get off the pathway or lead astray, not for one bit.
But we need to continue right on the pathway.
How does Loose Nut know that there's a meteorite storm?
Well, Jerry, a lot of times, you know, Loose Nut is wired for this, of course.
But I don't know.
I just want to tell you that a lot of times God warns us through the Holy Spirit when there's danger ahead,
and we have to be on guard for these things.
But God doesn't expect us to veer off course.
He expects us to stay right on course and to keep right on the destination.
But, you know, even though these storms are coming up, danger, danger.
You should fasten your safety belts.
All right, Loose Nut, we'd better just stop right now
and make sure that everybody's fastened down.
You better radio down to Sister Schaub down in the control room
so she knows what's coming up.
All right, Captain Schaub, I sure will.
A haunting nightmare began to spin its web.
Documents were signed.
We were taken to the temple, bound,
forced to watch the feast of all feasts,
the wildest bizarre sex orgy ever witnessed on Earth.
Naked hot bodies glistened from the natural oils
escaping from under the facade of paint that covered their skin
and slowly trickled down their thighs
as their legs moved toward me in cadence to the beat of the temple's masters.
Musicians' flutes wildly jittering in and out between the dancers' legs.
Then suddenly colorful, testiless dancers appeared
with large pink-feathered fans
cooling the damp soul of the audience.
I had to wear my beautiful bare nipples
to keep them protruded and delicious for my tasting.
Beautiful, slithering, passionate, wet hot bodies on top of me,
hysterically dancing in rapture.
Their provocative, twirling, liquid tongues
in arousing gestures just inches away,
begging to be suckled as I looked up
and inhaled the breeze of their entrancing fragrances
from their soft hair gently caressing my face.
Their colorful, seductive, spinning stripes
acting like a hypnotic inducement,
and their soft hair gently caressing my face.

Attempting to capture my soul
and squeeze it into submission.
My lips were drenched by the perspiration
pouring down from my hair and running down my face.
As I slowly turned my head from side to side, gasping for air,
a breeze started to blow outside
with a haunting sound of the past.
Music
And that is where it happened.
Suddenly, time compressed.
Lust dripping from her mouth.
Lost, out of control, dancing, sex chasing in circles like mad dogs,
faster and faster, trying to catch herself before the end.
Nudity screaming for freedom.
Kiss me.
Kiss me.
Suck my lips.
The wind became fierce, reaching hurricane velocity.
Loud clashes of thunder, lightning.
The earth's vibrations became violent.

Stronger and stronger until the temple trembled like it was about to burst.
The large stained glass window cracked,
then splintered into a thousand pieces as it fell to the floor,
creating an opening from where I witnessed towers of orange-red flames
erupting from the earth's nucleus
to reach hundreds of feet into a darkened sky.
Nude, baroque, fainted dancers over me,
just inches away, sensuously begging me to cross over.
Suck my lips.
Taste my wine.
The gargantuan crystal chandelier swaying back and forth,
whipping the chains that held it, looked like it was about to drop.
I heard the sound of a deep grinding moan from the bowels of the temple
as a large pillar slowly turned and then suddenly fell down across the floor
where naked painted dancers stood just moments before, creating a barrier between us.
A screaming only added excitement.

A dance of the painted nymphs.
The temple shook so violently it began to crumble.
Four deafening explosions literally leveled the city of pain.
The temple was about to collapse.
My right arm, in tremendous pain,
frantically clung to an opening in the wall
as I watched a gigantic gas fire cloud coming toward me in a tremendous speed.
Arms and hands twisting and turning in the midst of the inferno,
desperately trying to reach each other.
Our fingers clenched tightly, our hands clenched tightly,
our fingertips almost barely touching.
Is everybody okay?
Boy, that was quite a, that was quite a storm.
Yes it was, Jerry. It just shook everything all around here.
Where's Loosnut?
Why, he's down on the floor.
Oh no, I hope nothing's wrong with Loosnut. Loosnut?
Yes, sir, Captain Schaum.
Are you all right?
Yes, I'm just fine.
Would you give me a hand to help me get up?
Yes, I'd be glad to.
Oh boy, Loosnut, I thought surely something happened.
Well, I, I hope everything is fine with Sister Schaum down in the other room.
We're going to have to keep right on going, though, and staying on course.
It sounds like Lieutenant Green or somebody's trying to reach us.
You think he really is?
Well, there's noise coming over the radio.
Maybe we can tune something in here and find out what's going on.
I have a boyfriend who he loves me so much, but he's going away.
What to do? That's the question.
Flonia, is it our own物on that is here?
Oh, there he might be.
Flonia, will you terminalize this device?
One minute, Flash.

He's going to die in us.
14 noted.
Well, all alone that's terrible …
off. You're gonna have to turn north about three degrees. All right, we'll try to get right back
on. We don't want to be off course, not for one minute. How's everything going down there,
Lieutenant Green? Well, sir, everything is just fine. I guess you went through a meteorite storm,
is that right? Yes, sir, we sure did, and we had a time going through it. Well,
well, through that meteorite storm, the nearest that I can figure out is when you got off course.
That's why it's important that you get right back on. Well, Lieutenant Green, we don't want to be
off course, not for one minute. We want to continue right on our way. Lieutenant Green,
we really don't want to be off course at all. Now, I'll tell you, do you have your Bible down there?
Yes, sir, Captain Choup, I sure do. Well, fine. You know, we,
we always use our Bible as our guide, and that's important to keep reading our Bible so we always
stay on course. Captain Choup, I'm gonna have to go now. All right, Lieutenant, we really thank you
for calling in and letting us know that we got off, but we're gonna continue on our way.
Over and out, Captain Choup. Over and out, Lieutenant Green.
Somewhere in America
outer space, God has prepared a place for those who trust him and obey. Jesus will come again,
and though we don't know when, the countdown's getting lower every day.
Ten and nine, eight and seven, six and five and four, call upon the Savior while you may.
Three and two, coming through the clouds in bright array, the countdown's getting lower every day.
Susie runs in, pulling the control boxes off the woman, the man, and the diver.
They all fall to the ground, dazed.
Sure makes you appreciate the preciousness of life.
Let's go burn down the observatory so this'll never happen.
So if the party hero owns the flying saucer, we'll step into the street outside.
He'll find his ship has sort of lost control. Good grief, it's swallowing Volkswagen's whole.
Oh if the party hero owns the flying saucer, we'll move it, I can get to mine.
Blast off!
Last one to the moon is a rat-nang!
They hear a strange sound and look to see the flying saucer rise and disappear into the sky.
Think they'll be back?
Not when they discover the minerals are worthless. But if they do, we'll be ready for them.
My friends, you have seen this incident based on sworn promise.


Can you prove that it didn't happen?
Perhaps on your way home, someone will pass you in the dark.
And you will never know it, for they will be from outer space.
Many scientists believe that another world is watching us this moment.
We once laughed at the horseless carriage, the airplane, the telephone, the electric light, vitamins, radio, and even television.
And now, see what happens.


Some of us laugh in outer space.
They're not out of space.
They're not in the sky.
They're in the sky.
God help us in the future.
They're not out of space.
They're not out of space.
They're not in the sky.

Oh, seekers, now I've seen it all.
Our mission, Earth-Oids!
What's that?
This is it!
Looks like a big fried egg!
Now we reveal ourselves to millions of you.
Now you will enter the golden age of universal understanding.
It can't be, it's them!
Wait, Zippo! There's only one guy down there.
Hello, Cox!
Where did everybody go?
They just missed you.
They've all disappeared into the center of the Earth.
Oh, well, they come, they go.
As was me, Sinnoh.
There was Cox for another millennium.
Zippo!
Hey, Zippo!
Come, remarkable!
Come back!
Let me get the camera on you!
Wait!
Wait!
Oh!
Well.
Well.
Seekers.
I guess this is the end.
Or is it only the...
No.
It's the end.

Beep.
Not quite the end, Seekers.
We interrupt WREK Atlanta's regular late night programming for a test.
What does this music make you do?
Oh, yeah, this is the Penetrators
with Night of the Drunken Cheerleaders.
And I bet the large, lumpy majority of you
were just sitting slumped in your sofas,
maybe nodding in time to every tenth beat.
You know how I can tell.
Because at the Penetrators show last week,
enveloped in the senses-shattering, seductive surf sound,
I saw all of you in the throes of inaction.
It was night out of the living dead.
Miraculously, the crowd managed to remain seated
while in a standing...
position.
How do you people do it?
I mean, you somehow actually make the 70s look good.
How the hell can you manage that?
Well, I have had it.
I'm serving notice.
I'm tired of being the only one who cares enough
to tweak my hair into a beehive and dress up like trash
and engage in the epileptic convulsions that I call dancing.
Oh, I can't help but cut loose.
But I'm the Judas Goat,
urging you all down the grease chutes
of apocalyptic madness.
I'm the Judas Goat,

But instead of being the catalytic perverter
for waves of thrashing action,
you slackers clear the floor around me
and stare at me like I'm damn performance art or something.
If I wanted to be glopped out,
I'd be doing TV instead of radio.
Oh, and sorry, tight-ass attitudes like these
make me ashamed of Atlanta.
Oh, yes, you absolutely refuse
to cut loose and have a good time.
And it drains a lot of my energy.
I have enough energy to live my life out of everything around you.
Oh, I mean, it's getting so that I have to drive 900 miles
to have a Dobbs approved good time.
Oh, maybe that's the reason there has been a decent revival
in the sorry burg since Phenomicon in 1992.
Yeah, it's because you don't deserve it.
You don't deserve the Reverend Ivan Stang and Jesus
and maybe even Dr. Legume to come and read your beads in person.
Oh, yes.
you couldn't handle it. I know because the last couple of divivals they had here, you sat out
there on your duffs. Yes, there was none of that feverish participation that makes a divival so
true and real and painful. Oh yeah, you just can't handle it, can you? You'd be standing by the wayside
while that golfer head was launched, and I bet no one would move to catch it, and it would hit the
floor. That's a kind of lazy, good-for-nothing bums you are, and I'm damn sick to my guts of it.
But against my better judgment, you might just have something to look forward to, and soon, like,
like maybe in, oh, May. Yeah, maybe, maybe May 10th. Maybe. But I don't know if you can handle it.
Maybe I ought to just keep this under control.
Maybe. Oh, but no, I'm letting you in on it, but not totally. Maybe Reverend Rockenhand and Brother
Vox Mutantis will take pity on you next week and tell you more about it. Maybe. So the balls in
your court, seekers, prove me wrong, kids. Prove me wrong. And think, will you just stand there when
that golfer head comes zooming in on you? Maybe. Oh, but no, I'm letting you in on it, but not totally.
Maybe. Oh, but no, I'm letting you in on it, but not totally. Maybe. Oh, but no, I'm letting you in on it, but not totally.
Right at you. Think about it, and sweat!
Yes, Susie. Yes, Susie. Actually, I know exactly what she means, and she sent me a letter with this
tape saying, oh, man, maybe I won't be so depressed next time when I talk about the Atlanta show. Oh,
and I can tell you something. I'm not going to be so depressed next time when I talk about the Atlanta show.
I'm not going to be so depressed next time when I talk about the Atlanta show. I'm not going to be so depressed next time when I talk about the Atlanta show.
Hold it. Yes, dear friends, it's May 10th at CRC. That's the letters. C-R-C. Bar and Eatery. And the numeral two.
Now, CRC is located on Marietta Street, one block south of Northside Drive. And that's it.
That's it.
See you at CRC in Atlanta. Now, of course, most of you listeners are not anywhere near Atlanta, but that's just too bad. See, now you're going to miss it, because you weren't Southerners.
That's a pretty good spit you cooked up there, Jesus. Thanks for that. That's a pretty good bowl of spit there.
Nothing like a good old hot bowl of spit to keep a preacher preaching. Thanks for the spit, Jesus.
On your way in, please pick up...
...salvation. Yes.
Excuse me, Lord, I'm a spirit.
If you can't trust Jesus, then who can you trust?
We're the only religion that guarantees eternal salvation or triple your money back.
I don't see the...
The dino ball?
No, it's John.
You can find out more about the subgenius...
Preach on Jesus, yes.
...subgenius.com.
Good old Jesus.
Jesus was...
He really did actually sort of save the day at the survival research lab show a couple of weeks ago in Austin.
And Sister Susie the floozy, certainly.
Oh, man, that collage of material, flying saucer taking you away material is just astounding.
Just absolutely...
Here, here.
Yeah, well.
Well, now what?
Actually, there's just so much stuff one doesn't even know where to...
Great.
And the cult leader, Doe, even jokes about how the earthly bodies of cult members don't matter.
In a sense, we're body snatchers because we came and incarnated into these human bodies and now we're leaving these human bodies behind.
I hope you don't take that.
It is a crude joke.
I mean, it is a joke, but I did not mean to be offensive about it.
We might not be a joke, but it's a joke.
You can believe it.
Soon your mom will have thousands of followers.
Soon your mom will have thousands of followers.
Soon your mom will have thousands of followers.
Soon your mom will have thousands of followers.
You think that you might just have a clue as to what's going on.
And the role you play within just what's going on.
Well, I'm afraid I have to break something to you, my dear friend.
Or friends, if you happen to be with more than one person.
You don't have a clue as to what's happening.
Do you know why?
Because probably right before you turned this on, you were talking about something meaningless.
Like, oh, I had a bad day at work.
Oh, I can't stand my supervisor.
She has it out for me.
Oh, I can't stand my supervisor. She has it out for me.
Oh, I can't stand my supervisor. She has it out for me.
All that I can tell you is all that meaningless.
Is exactly that, meaningless.
If I could share just one thing with you, my friend, that you may take with you,
it would be this.
Great minds discuss ideas.
Average minds discuss events.
Simple minds discuss people.
And that's all we ever seem to talk about is people, or other people, or the things that other people did to other people, all of which we don't know.
And we probably wouldn't know if it weren't for it coming through to us on a daily basis.
On the three-color phosphor image that we call the television set.
I'm not saying turn it off, I like it myself, but the whole point of this discussion, one way, but it's still a discussion if you open your mind and are ready to discuss the implications of what I'm saying after this.
After I'm finished, all that I can say is find something to do.
Find something that you enjoy that doesn't require other people and throw yourself into it.
I don't care whether you spray paint your neighbor's house.
I don't care whether you steal cars.
I don't care what you do, but as long as you do it, be sure to do it well and do it for yourself and nobody else.
Because if we all did that, everything would be okay.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Do you know what I'm talking about?
I sure do, because I have to go now.
But I really enjoyed our time together.
I hope you did.
Have a wonderful day and make yourself yourself as often as you possibly can.
Good night.
Wow. Huh.
Brothers, uh, Brothers for Bob.
There. Also known as the Flyin' Ryan Brothers.
I wasn't expecting that at all.
That's from something called the Chaos Sampler.
It's on a cassette now, but I'm supposed to be getting a CD of that pretty soon.
Brothers for Bob.
Jimmy Ryan's a guitar player with Dr. Bizarro, and I have played some of his more mainstream sounding music lately on the show.
But I guess we have their weird experimental doctor stuff coming up.
And those guys actually are really good musicians.
So that should be loads of fun.
I did not expect that little rant there.
It got me to thinking.
You know, that was a very, very subgenius-like rant that was on that tape.
I don't know if that was Jimmy or Reverend Jimmy or his brother or who.
But, uh, you know, some of us have a, what my wife calls it, worms in your brain.
She gets them occasionally herself.
But she'll, when I'm, you know, when I'm in the middle of a concert, I'll have worms in my brain.
And she'll get in a real cranky mood.
She'll say, oh, you've got worms in your brain.
And it occurred to me just a minute ago that Lonesome Cowboy Dave also talks about the corruptigating worms in your brain.
And it's similar, actually, to what I think of it more as not all of us are this way.
It's only the, I think some, maybe it's the emergentile subgeniuses.
The real, real crazy ones that just have to be doing something all the time.
Um, uh, it's like there's a little crazy man in a cage inside your head.
Did I talk about this last week?
And he, he's rattling the bars and screaming at the top of his lungs.
And he never stops screaming.
And he never stops rattling the bars.
And he never stops filing away at the bars.
And he never sleeps.
And he's always doing that all the time.
And he's inside your head.
Now, I don't know.
Some people have told me that, uh, and I know that this is true, that in some cases antidepressants can actually give a person, a subgenius like this, slack.
In that the conspiracy is what put that little horrible man in your head to begin with.
And sometimes these pills, they don't kill him or anything.
They just, you take this pill and you're fine.
But the little man in your head just curls up and goes right to sleep.
But I haven't done that yet.
And neither has this guy.
This tape coming up.
Dr. Nolan Void, um, just out of, uh, sort of changed names or something.
I don't know.
This, the tape says Wolf Boy.
Colonel Wolf Boy.
And, uh, it's quite pertinent to the discussion at hand.
Thank you.
I have to speak to the suicide.
I have to speak to the suicide.
—Ladily depressed members of the Harding's tonight.
And tell them there's a right way and a wrong way to end their lives.
Sissy Pink Boy suicides can be recognized by a few simple guidelines.
Pinks are compelled to kill themselves in private.
Pinks want to die.
but they don't want to feel any pain while they're doing it.
They're embarrassed by their feelings,
and unless they chicken out and tell someone about it,
or leave some whiny, self-depreciating note,
no one knows why.
But who cares why?
Just praise Bob that another pink's dead.
Pink's never realized that suicide can be the ultimate form of self-expression,
a suppressed and truly anarchic art form that will become the next great movement.
Subgeniuses must know that the only way to accept death is to plan how you die.
Rest fate away from Jehovah One and those book lords.
You're self-serving medical doctors, and choose your demise.
Choose whether or not you die in a hospital bed,
with a tube up your nose, forgotten, in a little white room.
Or go out with your boots on, with a bang.
Bob will help you die with dignity.
Strap on the high-explosive neck brace,
walk into City Hall,
and die.
Launch your own head.
So what's it gonna be, huh?
Are you gonna be some wimp, little pink,
and shoot yourself in the head, all alone?
Why don't you shoot yourself in public?
Oh, one death can't make a difference.
I don't matter.
Each person's death matters,
if used constructively.

If you want to help smash the state,
then throw yourself under the wheels of a subway train.
Hundreds of thousands of people will be inconvenienced.
You'll make the evening news.
Hundreds of thousands of people will tell the tale of the day.
You'll make the evening news. Hundreds of thousands of people will tell the tale of the day.
You're trying to make good by bringing yourself back to the old,

Just think
whether that few days don't matter.
These are bad enough dinner's and breakfasts.
Prest like Santa,
and you must eat at least 15 pairs.
And the engineering and theарistry
no more.
You gotta live like Santa with your valentine's.
Want to die?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
