Turn your knob to Bob!
Bob! Bob plays a ton of new country!
Bob's got a hot new signal!
You can listen everywhere!
It's Bob!
Bob! Bob plays the most new country!
Garth! Reba!
Clint! Winona!
I love my Bob!
Turn your knob to Bob! Bob!
Turn your knob to Bob!
Now, wherever you are, Bob is there!
So turn your knob to Bob!
Alright, let's do it!
Activate interlock!
Pop! Dynatherms connected!
Infracells up!
Mega thrusters are go!
If anyone dies, move the body to another room in the house.
Label the body with name and address.
And cover it as tightly as possible in polythene, paper, sheets or blankets.
What a horrible death.
It won't kill him.
It couldn't.
When mankind falls into conflict with nature,
monsters are born.
I'm just trying to...
send him home.
Hey, if you don't call it, James gonna hear no music!
Now you wanna all go home or what?
The Soul Genius!
Powerhouse!
What?!
And now the parade of manly men on the show.
There they come!
Chests outthrust, chins thrust forward, each one holding a giant manly mug of myrrh.
Hyper-caffeinated coffee.
Yep, to get them through the show.
They pour the Red Bull in their ear and off into the future they go.
Good one, don't you think?
I don't know about that.
Okay, caller, you know what?
This movie, is this the one that has Michael Pepe in it?
It's time for the pleasure saucers.
The six!
The six goddesses!
The six goddesses!
The six goddesses!
The six goddesses!

The six goddesses!
Well, that's when we took our luggage and we packed up all our worldly goods and we made our way down to the pleasure saucers.
Of the sex goddesses.
Just enough wingnuts and lugnuts.
And when she said, I want you to bring your battery charger, I started getting a little bit scared.
Yeah, they'll be there. They'll be in California. Pleasure saucers will go, although they don't like to go to California.
Oh, something old, something new.
Some pills red, some pills blue.
Why not both, we ask?
Why not both?
I have a cold.
And yet I chose to assemble a new show from new stuff and old stuff.
I hate to say it, but I kind of like the old stuff better.
Old people tend to say that a lot.
It's not because the new stuff by new people is bad.
On the contrary, it's because the new stuff by old people is...
just not as energetic as it used to be.
Wiser, perhaps, but not funnier.
And funny is smarter than wise, if you ask me.
Anyway, here's an example from Radio Synesthesia on WCSB Cleveland from over 1,000 years ago.
We had our problems, but we had smooth sailing after that.
And now we're here to inculcate...
all of you with subgenius philosophy.
As if they didn't get enough of that on this benighted station.
Well, they get it, of course, but then as soon as it enters their ears,
they start frittering it away, and it dissolves and etiolates
until finally there's nothing but a swirling mist of sophistry.
Because the actual subgenius doctrine, though solid and heavy,
is nonetheless as slippery as a pig at a greased lightning.
Hard to keep hold of, and difficult to retain.
My, my, my, smell that bacon cooking at breakfast.
That's some slippery dogma, but it makes for a fine repast
when you chop it up, smoke it, cook it.
Or you can hang it, and it will get a little high,
but it will be more delicious, and so will you be.
The yummy, yummy taste of the...

The knowledge teat.
Surrounded in rich creamery butter.
The wisdom teat.
I'm on a wisdom drip myself.
The wisdom ivy drip.
Must be controlled very carefully, because it's a dangerous controlled substance, actually.
What is the spirit of man that goeth upwards,
and the spirit of the beast which goeth downward to the earth?
And do snakes suck the udders of milk cows in the springtime?
These and other questions will be answered later on in our program,
but you're going to have to keep listening,
and we hope that you'll ask us questions by calling in the special call number.
Skis... S-835... Vafnol...
Same as always.
Questions which require an answer,
and now you can bring closure, as they say,
and receive that answer.
So please don't hang back or be coy or modest.
Simply call.
It's just like that number you see written on, uh,
inside of a bathroom stall, you know, for a good time.
Or the one you see on the inside of your eyelids in letters of fire.
It doesn't matter, as long as you actually act and call the number.
Don't hang back and think about how much fun it would be if you did.
For a good time, call J.R. Bogd-Dodds.
1-888-669-2323.
Did you say, Dogd?
Is that actually a real number?
Yes, that is a real number, actually.
As a matter of fact,
if you were to call that number,
1-888-669-2323,
you might wake up Jesus.
Yes, Jesus is at the end of that number.
Wow.
1-888-669-2323.
Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep.
I wonder if...
Jesus does snooze at the end of that line.
Either Jesus or Magdalene would...
Actually, they'll probably let the message machine pick it up.
They'll be lying there snoring.
Looks like...
They're not gonna pick it up.
You probably thought this song...
This song was about you.
...was about mutated fruit flies.
To tell the truth,
because by creating mutant fruit flies...
That's a good song.
...with an impaired capacity to suck up the salt,
scientists have now identified several genes,
designer genes that contribute to this crucial sensory system in insects.
Hello?
Yeah, we're in here. We're doing the show.
Designer genes.
Yes, they're very tiny, but the insects can wear them.
This is a Yeti guy.
How do they make them that small?
They have assembly lines in sweatshops.
In foreign countries.
Tiny children with extremely good eyesight manufacture the Jordache genes for the Orthoptera,
Ptoloptera, and Edentia.
Everybody's welcome in here, all persuasions and ethnic origins.
...making the customized pair of designer genes for the centipede,
which has so many pant legs it causes an entire...
It takes a while to get one of those pair of...
...pair of pants made, I believe.
...something they have to concentrate on.
...spend a lot of time, sometimes it takes several generations to generate.
...start thinking seems to hang on...
At any rate, you see the salt...
No problem.
...has been...
All right.
...in the physical area.
Boys, I'm gonna get you.

Got!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.
That strange piece was by Reverend Squallus Friday, a new guy, new to me anyway, he just
emailed me these tracks and I listened to about six of them today and they must have
mucked up my mind, man.
Before that million-year-old puzzling evidence show from KPFA Berkeley,
now back to synesthesia with Dr. Howell and host Dr. Sinister and callers.
Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, not your step-in stone.
Well, it looks like they're not going to ask us any questions.
So how are you doing, Stang? How's your war on God going?
Well, pitifully, as usual, as you might expect.
I mean, he knows our every move, it seems.
Hey, they don't call on the Almighty for nothing.
There's fifth columnists we've got to deal with.
But, you know, somebody's got to do it.
That's right, and Rome wasn't burned in a day.
Fight City Hall and the Heavenly Hall.
They told us we were all going to go to hell.
What choice do we have, really, if we're going to be true to ourselves?
Are we just going to roll up?
Are we going to roll over and take it?
Life's unfair.
Does it have to be that way?
No, God made it that way.
And you, the listener, as Dr. Howell has pointed out before, are yourself the ultimate proof
that, in fact, actually there is no God.
There can never be a great Creator being.
Because there is an obstacle to the existence of God.
And that obstacle is you, the listener.
You are the lump lying in the road to the path of God.

The path of divine communication and understanding.
That self of yours must be hauled off the turnpike, wheelbarrow load by wheelbarrow load,
until the glittering vehicles of comprehension and evolutionary advancement may whiz by unimpeded.
Wow, look at him go!
But what is the use of attempting to enlighten the obdurately dull and stupid?
I suppose there's only a short time.
There's only a short time left where we can provide some help to those who thirst for peace in their soul.
Well, there's something to be said for being dull and stupid.
I mean, why do you think they call it sub-genius?
Well, Dan Quayle has said that mediocre folks deserve representation, too.
Ask him where we are.
Here's one.
Are there really only ten commandments?
Ha ha!
Oh, no.
There are quite more.
A number that were even given to Moses at the same time.

But just left off the slabs.
In fact, some of them actually directly contradict each other.
For example, there is a commandment that says,
Thou shalt kill.
Thou shalt make graven images and serve them.
Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.
Yeah, I mean, pretty much everything.
Now, that means you kill them, right?
So then, thou shalt kill or thou shalt not kill.
You've got to make up your mind.
Do you have a complete list?
Well, is it really killing if it's a witch?
Thou shalt not kill.
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's ass.
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife's ass?
What is that?
No, no.
You're already getting it slightly wrong.
It's like the game of telephone, where information is passed silently between ears of people huddled at a party.
And it's the same way as God's telephone line, which has been overwhelmed by static from Satan's electromagnetic pulses.
Well.
Now we can't hear the divine voice in its clarity and excellence of vision and wisdom.
Thou shalt not wear checks with stripes.
Losers.
I think that same guy actually calls up 669 a lot.
Well, he's welcome to do so.
We want to help him and all those other poor folks.
Now, you know, the Church of the Subgenius is actually a church.
It does help people.
It does good work in this world.
I don't know why we face such a bristling tide of opposition when all we're attempting to do is help people.
We'd love to help people.
No good deed goes unpunished.
Well, yes, but the question is, when a solution is as clear and obvious as the pipe-smoking face of an epoptid one,
why do people not rush forward and seize upon it?
Why do they turn down something for nothing?
At least they're not throwing us to the lions.
The primary aim of modern warfare, in accordance with the principles of doublethink,
this aim is simultaneously recognized and not recognized by the directing brains of the inner party,
the primary aim of modern warfare is to use up the products of the machine without raising the general standard of living.
Ever since the end of the 19th century, the problem has been what to do with the surplus of consumption goods that have been latent in industrial society.
At present, when few human beings even have enough to eat, this problem is obviously not urgent,
and it might not have become so even if no artificial processes of destruction had been at work.
The world of today is a bare, hungry, dilapidated place compared with the world that is today.
A world that existed before 1914, and still more so if compared with the imaginary future,
to which people of that period looked forward.
In the early 20th century, the vision of a future society unbelievably rich,
leisured, orderly and efficient,
a glittering antiseptic world of glass and steel and snow white concrete
was part of the consciousness of nearly every literate person.
Science and technology were developing at a prodigious speed,
and it seemed natural to assume that they would go on developing.
This failed to happen, partly because of the impoverishment caused by a long series of wars and revolutions,
partly because science and technical progress depended on the empirical habit of thought,
which could not survive in a strictly regimented society.
As a whole, the world is more primitive today than it was 50 years ago.
Certain backward areas have advanced, and various devices,
always in some way connected with warfare and police espionage, have been developed.
But experiment and invention have largely stopped,
and the ravages of the atomic war of the 1950s have never been fully repaired.
Nevertheless, the dangers inherent in the machine are still there.
From the moment when the machine first made its appearance,
it was clear to all thinking people that the need for human drudgery,
and therefore to a great extent for human inequality,
had disappeared.
If the machine were used deliberately for that end,
hunger, overwork, dirt, illiteracy, and disease could be eliminated within a few generations.
And in fact, without being used for any such purpose, but by a sort of automatic process,
by producing wealth which it was sometimes impossible not to distribute,
the machine did raise the living standards of the average human being very greatly over a period of about 50 years,
at the end of the 19th and the beginning of the 20th century.
But it was also clear that an all-round increase in wealth threatened the destruction of a hierarchical society.
In a world in which everyone worked short hours, had enough to eat,
lived in a house with a bathroom and a refrigerator,
and possessed a motor car or even an airplane,
the most obvious and perhaps the most important form of inequality would already have disappeared.
If it once became general,
wealth would confer no distinction.
It was possible to imagine a society in which wealth
would be evenly distributed while power remained in the hands of a small privileged caste.
But in practice such a society could not long remain stable.
For if leisure and security were enjoyed by all alike,
the great mass of human beings who are normally stupefied by poverty would become literate and learn to think for themselves.
And once they had learned to think for themselves,


they would sooner or later realize that the privileged minority had no function and they would sweep it away.
In the long run, a hierarchical society was only possible on a basis of poverty and ignorance.
To return to the agricultural past,
as some thinkers dreamed of doing, was not practical.
It conflicted with the tendency toward mechanization, which had become quasi-instinctive
throughout the almost the whole world.
And moreover, any country which remained industrially backward was helpless in a military sense
and bound to be dominated by its more advanced rivals.
So,
the essential act of war is destruction, not necessarily of human lives, but of the products of human labor.
The
Joanna

cü
Forger
foolish
Wren
rig
to happen
Always in the end
to someone else
Your skeleton key
you find will open
Unsuspecting heart
you work so well
And what have you done?
What have you done?
What have you done?
What have you done?
What have you done for the larger world?
Fifteen empty feet inside your bubble
Figure out the least that you can do
Everything you can do
Everything you can do
Bring your touch, taste of your trouble
Everyone you know, someone to use
And what have you done?
What have you done?
What have you done?
What have you done?
What have you done for the larger world?
And we're left twisting
in the middle of the night
We're all left twisting in the wind
We're really left twisting in the wind
We're all left twisting in the wind
We're all left twisting in the wind
We're're all left twisting in the wind
We're all left twisting in the wind
I will argue with my lesser angel
I will argue with my lesser angel
Try to hold a candle, not a grudge
Even though I know to err is human
To forgive, divine, well, not so much
And what have you done?
What have you done?
What have you done for the larger world?
And what have you done?
What have you done?
What have you done for the larger world?
And we're left twisting in the wind
We're left twisting in the wind
We're all left twisting in the wind
We're all left twisting in the wind
We're left twisting in the wind
We're left twisting in the wind
We're all left twisting in the wind
We're all left twisting in the wind
That was Bob Walkenhorst's monthly song, The Larger World, from his Patreon site.
I only use one in five of those since it's basically a subscription service.
Before that, I was reading from Goldstein's book,
the subversive book within the prophetic book 1984 by George Orwell.
And now this.
How many subgeniuses does it take to screw in a light bulb?
None. They screw in hot tubs.
Well, actually, there was an answer to that question.
It was something like 5,262.
5,260 to create the mass clustering compression shrinking machine
and two to climb inside the light bulb.
Ooh, yes.
A subgenius joke.
Won a prize on it.
On a rock station about 25 years ago.
You see, the rest of you guys out there, you're just not with it.
You don't understand the subtleties of this kind of humor.
It's no wonder that we lose our patience with you sometimes
because you just seem not to get it.
And it takes forever for you guys to come stumbling and halting along
to keep up with the rest of us.
Well, you got to get on the ball.
Step up and hurry up.
We're just going to leave you behind in the dust.
That's just the way it is.
This is lofty humor.
This is advanced, high-class humor we're doing here.
We're laying some high-class humor on you.
And you're just not picking up on it.
The lofty laugh in the dark.
The sneaker at the end of the bedpost.
I don't know where people think they're...
The chortle hidden in the basket of laundry.
We have them all.
And you've got nothing.
Google?
Google?
My pants.
I forgot to pull them off.
It's a killer.
Gosh, a lady.
206.
This is the number.
888-669-2323.
Call Jesus or Magdalene and...
And get him out of bed.
The hour is late.
The moon is...
The moon is down.
I have not heard the clocks.
Come upon Jesus like a thief in the night for a change.
And ye never know...
But make sure you give him a towel when you're done.
And ye never know when the master cometh.
Bob is coming, friends.
And by that I don't mean that Bob was somewhere else and is on his way here.
What I mean is Bob is coming.
When you come, that's Bob.
It's a gerund, Joko.
Bob is.
Come.
Yes.
It was only an allegory.
That grinning face all the time that you thought might represent something else
than what it represented.
That moment of coital release.
That moment when the DNA gets its way.
When the floodgates are opened.
And the biological imperative strides forth.
Man, this dirty talk is turning me on.
I'm getting all hot and bothered.
I'm gonna eat.
Perhaps you'd like to look at this.
The official Columbia University Journal of Paleontological Research, page 272.
Look at that spiral.
I've never seen amino acids do that before.
Well, this caused the fossiliferous prong in the case of the ramby coelacanth,
first documented by Dr. E. L. Brundage and C. R. Runciter in their reports with Abstracts, 1913.

The ramby coelacanth.
Yes, it was in quite a priapic state for many millions of years.
It's a hard fish to deal with, my friends.
Yes, the natives call it Ngobulo Ngata, which means sucker fish,
which is odd since there are no suckers anywhere on its body.
But perhaps they were actually referring to its place in the great chain of all things as a chump,
for God and nature.
It's a monster! It's a monster! I've seen a monster, Dr. Howell! I've seen this monster!
Well, you know, to them, maybe you're the monster. Did you ever think of that?
Oh, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho.
Yes, all the time. Humans were the monsters! Goddamn you all! Goddamn!
A moment of realization searing a hot flash across our consciousness,
like the kiss of a whip.
This is the realization, the moment that you fear to meet when you take that first great leap in the dark.
But it's all par for the course.
Here on the Theological Information Highway,
we will relentlessly tell you the way it is, whether you want to know that or not,
in the short time which has been allotted to us.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
I'm in.
It's okay.
My smile is just as deep.
If you will see the sign, you will cry.
You are a child.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
You are a child.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
But I fear that, like, in my personal flack,
respect, it causes me to go against my flack.
Well, the skin is to a limited degree porous.
On the other hand, it's a very good protector
and keeps anything from penetrating.
So it's only penetrable on the micro level
to a certain insignificant depth.
So don't worry about those little holes.
There's plenty to worry about in this world.
But the skin holds us back.
You know, one of the most horrible things
the conspiracy ever did to us
was making it such that over a phone line
and a radio broadcast,
and, you know, words kind of get mumbled,
to say that, give me slack,
it kind of almost sounds like give me flack,
if you say it fast enough.
Oh, no, no, we don't want that.
That was a terrible thing to say.
The flub genius must be lax.
Yeah, there you go.
See how easy it is to misinterpret
these essential slacks?
So listen carefully,
and we will attempt to transmit loud and clear.
Yes, flax, it's good for you, man.
That's got all the omega-3 fatty acids you need.
And lanolin, sheep oil.
It's better for you than the competition.
I'll warn you of that.
Now, if you want to ask one more question,
we can squeeze you in.
We can squeeze you into a lot of places, man.
Oh, well.
I've been squeezed into very uncomfortable places before.
Yes, all right.
Well, thank you for that thought.
And how about that question?
I have no more questions.
I think that you've answered everything and nothing.
So you're complacent and absolutely satisfied
with things as they are?
I'm never satisfied, and I always will be.
Well, then, you seem to have achieved
the slack essence on your own,
and we can do nothing more for you.
Thank you.
That will be $30.
$30?
Yes, that's how much you'd pay.
You know, a couple of nights eating out,
and it would be gone.
But here, you pay for your subgenius essence.
That'll be with you always.
Believe me.
I have so much slack that I don't have $30.
It's slacked right out of my pocket.
Oh, well, it's unfortunate,
because you have set in motion
what we sometimes call the Omega Contingency Plan.
Oh, dear.
But if you'll send in the $30,
we can easily turn even these cruel things aside.
I forgot about the Omega Contingency Plan.
It's mentioned, though, in the official recruitment film.
We never should have even started
that whole contingency plan.
I know, but when they don't send $30,
it's like the tumblers of a lock
moving inexorably into position.
It just happens.
It's like the bombers that have been sent
to destroy the world
not being able to be called back
because of a fail-safe point.
Yes, certain ignorant folks
think that you can call those bombers back,
but once set in motion,
they will do their job.
I kid you not.
But I'm sure nobody wants to think about that
at this particular moment.
Let's talk about little leprechauns
hopping over the hollyhocks
and the expression of joy
on a child's face
when under the Christmas tree
on Christmas morning,
they look for little Debbie Toaster Oven
appears radiantly.
Who's...
From PR News in Washington,
I'm...
...reality TV star inside the country.
It's also...
...34 foreigners outside the country.
President Trump has steel and aluminum imports.
We may...
...but...
...Facebook says it has Chinese Quebec.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
reports today that this is PR.
Noah also says this is PR News.
Thank you, Fernanda Nandy-Lemur.
And now...
...another Squalus Friday tune,
or whatever these are.
This one entitled,
Beansilvress 17.
All his titles are like that.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Oh Christ.
Oh Christ, I'll beat you brainless.
Oh Christ, I'll beat you brainless.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Oh, here's a little reading I can do from an old children's book
by George Orwell called 1984.
It has some great rants in it,
and it actually has horrible sections of truth.
But here is O'Brien explaining to my cousin Winston Smith
that there really isn't a church of the subgenius.
You will have heard rumors of the existence of the Brotherhood.
No doubt.
No doubt.










You've formed your own picture of it.
You have imagined probably a huge underworld of conspirators
meeting secretly in cellars,
scribbling messages on walls,
recognizing one another by code words
or by special movements of the hand.
Nothing of the kind exists.
The members of the Brotherhood
have no way of recognizing each other,
and it's impossible for any one member
to be aware of the identity of more than a very few others.
Goldstein himself,
if he fell into the hands of the Thought Police,
could not give them a complete list of members
or any information that would lead them to a complete list.
No such list exists.
The Brotherhood cannot be wiped out
because it's not an organization in the ordinary sense.
Nothing holds it together except an idea which is indestructible.
You will never have anything to sustain you except the idea.
You will get no comradeship and no encouragement.
When finally you are caught,
you will be able to do anything you want to do.


You will get no help.
We never help our members.
At most, when it's absolutely necessary
that someone should be silenced,
we are occasionally able to smuggle a razor blade
into a prisoner's cell.
You'll have to get used to living without results
and without hope.
You will work for a while.
You will be caught.
You will confess, and then you will die.
Those are the only results that you will ever see.
There is no possibility
that any perceptual change will happen
within our own lives.
We are the dead.
Our only true life is in the future.
We shall take part in it as handfuls of dust
and splinters of bone.
But how far away that future may be,
there's no knowing.
It might be a thousand years.
At present, nothing is possible
except to extend the area of sanity little by little.
We cannot act collectively.
We can only spread our knowledge outwards
from individual to individual,
generation after generation.
In the face of the thought police,
there is no other way.
Well, of course, later on we find out
that even the Brotherhood is just a way to set you up,
to get you to confess.
And now let's go back in time
to the distorted days of February 2004,
to write down the most important things






we've known about all its Israel Angela and former political leaders on our planet.
This place name is Table T fireplace,
the site as in in which our Buddha showed up
and the birthplace of social morality,

the 곳 under which or which is the owe of history,
how after it kicked your feet,
some happiness ايَد تiversary
for metal速報
кт зав sans och
And so on, and so on.
More money, and so on.
Oh, yes, well, it is, but there are other things I desire even more in my lopsided vision.
Let's say your desire happens to be more money.
Well, it isn't.
A bell is to ring.
A horn is to blow.
And money?
Money is to burn.
I kept reaching into the envelope, but...
Help, stop, somebody, stop him.
He's burning that money.
Stop.
It was like seeing myself on a screen or in a dream, like...
Not the things like that or anything you understand.
No one ever burns money or do the reading.
I sometimes wonder what happens to mine.
If you're anything like me, your typical financial transaction goes something like...
The secret characters were too slacked out or just too frapped out.
Too harried by the conspiracy to be even that organized.
It simply lets you know that you were there.
And there were weirdos like you that you couldn't even trust.
Maybe.
Because if the awful crap does come down...
Awful.
Awful.
Assholes will gang up to ferret out the abnormals.
And elbows.
Who tend to want to just fend for themselves.
We still have major witch hunts in this country every 20 years or so.
He's evil. Burn him. Burn him.
But what? But what if this little society...
This... There was a secret.
Goody Hawkins.
Because it didn't want to become a society.
Because of the stain of your immortal...
But it was real.
...sortation with Satan and his evil...
Even if most of the time it only existed as an inescapable propaganda...
...and odd public behavior...
...that always popped up in the strangest places.
...and then...
Wouldn't it have to disguise itself as a joke?
Oh, boo.
To even exist?
Their hands and their hair.
I cast a spell on the lot of you.
Why would you want to join anything if you don't join things?
If you're not a joiner.
If you can't join things, it's impossible for you to follow.
If all you can do is lead and yet you don't want followers, what do you do?
Well, followers don't come because you want them.
They just sort of come and then you have to give them useful work to do.
And yet sometimes you ignore your leadership skills for fear of mindless followers...
... slowing you down, robbing you of your slack...
...laying into your hinds...
...laying into your hinds...



...hours of fruitless labor because of the frozen ground...
...many hours of fruitless labor have taken place...
...which could have been spent on profitable endeavors...
...and effects that would advance mankind's aspirations...
...in his eternal journey to the stars.
...and others of that ill...
Well, if you did have a thing like that, it'd have to be pretty ambiguous, that's for sure.
The left hand knoweth not what the right hand doth.
I never quite let you get a grip on whether they were...
...I won't let you at times.
...a sick joke or if they were serious or what.
You have the answer.
The very fact that they raised the question first could itself be interpreted as part of the act...
...or a communication of this sort.
...if nobody wants to hear that.
You wouldn't be able to tell.
I can tell some things, but I am the only one who can see it in your movie theater.
...in my old age, I can't really...
It ain't that bad, I'll give you...
...not as black and white as it used to be.
There's a large gray...
You'd get to thinking, can this thing be for real, maybe?
Is this really something that's for real?
Hey, are you for real?
Hey, hey, is this your little church?
Hey, hey, are you Trekkies or something?
Is there really something that's going on that I just don't know about?
What's that guy with the pipe there, is he for real?
Is this supposed to be your little church?
Or maybe I've heard about this Bob crap somewhere and it sounded like...
...just a take off on...
God, not more Bob crap.
...totalitarian societies and sales gurus...
One of the men approached Charles Simon.
...and mysterious powers of luck that had something to do with the slack stuff.
Thou fools, thou art indeed whited than sepulchres.
Oh gosh, how could we be getting enough slack?
Having all appearance of rectitudes...
...with slack I forgot about...
...outwardly, but inside being teeming vessels of corruption...
...because of the conspiracy I didn't know about.
That's just so. You will not examine Bob and his doctrines...
...you didn't even know...
...then you must suffer after X-Day...
...while the subgeniuses are seized up...
...while the subgeniuses are seized up...
...in the rupture...
...drawn up into the air with a shout and a blow of the trumpet...
...to achieve sexual coagulation...
The conspiracy that's a self-perpetuating robot...
...in the pleasure spewed by the sex goddesses...
...human docility...
...while the kinks...
...is that the one you're talking about?
...bellowing on the heaving, buckling surface of the earth...
...old story...
...the conspiracy that, much like the song that refuses to die...
...the song of Bob...
...just keeps going and going and going...
...of our mass communications mediums...
...there's a dark and shadow side of Bob...
...keeps pounding along like a relentless...
...juggernut...
...flatting everything in its path...
...and you and all your slackful days of school...
...because, you know why?
...it's normal...
...and you'll find the true truth in this recording...
...and it's that normality that we must fight...
...the new bulletin number 125...
...always on the green inside...
...the conspiracy itself is that wave of normality...
...how the cataracts are out of communication...
...some people see it as normality...
...will buy you anything for it...
...if you've just been taught on the green inside...
...by the Cinema Educational Guild...
...now they say Bob Dobbs is just a man...


...and nothing could be more true...
...and still are...
...used to brainwash the people...
...he has friends up in the sky...
...he's immortal and can fly...
...otherwise he's just a guy like me and you...
...so keep on the green inside...
...always on the green inside...
...keep on the green inside of Bob...
...he looks playful like your dad...
...but don't you ever make him mad...
...just keep on the green inside of Bob...
...there's a dead arm...
...and a dead arm...
...in the pillow on the road...
...and Bob's bumper...
...it hit it fair and square...
...there's a twinkle in his eye...
...not a tear as he drives by...
...cause mean old Bob Dobbs...
...he just don't care...
...so keep on the green inside...
...always on the green inside...
...keep on the green inside of Bob...
...there is nothing left to fear...
...you'll preserve all you hold dear...
...when you keep on the green inside of Bob...
...32 jobs,
and a goddamn
You may not look normal, but you may act normal.
Okay, that's not what you do.
But don't be normal. Don't backslide.
Bob Dobbs could be back at any minute.
Have a good one.
On the day of reckoning, you don't want to find out you drifted over to the wrong side of the battle line without even knowing it.
24-7.
365.
Here's something I promised four shows back.
I couldn't play it then because it was to be a surprise for our buddy, Dr. G. Gordon Gordon, for his 80th birthday.
Gordon was a hitman, working for Bob Dobbs.
When pink boys needed killing, he did the dirty jobs.
The deal was made in Dobbstown on a bright and sunny day.
So he set out from Malaysia to make the normals pay.
With Dobbs as his companion, he smoked the finest frock.
In the fertile fields of Dobbstown, he grew the greatest crop.
One tiny hit of Gordon's brought the peace.
The pink boys to their knees brought subgenii to Bolivia and slack to the Portuguese.
Gordon the greatest renter.
Gordon the greatest renter.
Subgenii slack to serve Dobbs, Doug Wellman and the rest.
He provided for the poor.
He credited Bob protection.
Supposedly the best.
The conspiracy decided.
They wanted Bob Dobbs dead.
That son of a bitch, Doug Wellman, blew off the salesman's head.
Gordon the greatest of the renters.
Stagg's financial savior.
He co-wrote many books.
He wrote many books.
They can still hear his sexy voice talking through the night.
In the radio waves of all subgenia shows.
In the radio waves of all subgenia shows.
Gordon searched Tibet.
For the very finest frock.
For the very finest frock.
Rob sung to Coach a Bomba.
Shared with Sterno till he dropped.
He was often in the jungle.
With Bob Dobbs shooting rats.
To the doctors in the know.
He was also known as that.
Happy birthday G. Gordon Gordon.
Happy birthday G. Gordon Gordon.
Happy birthday G. Gordon Gordon.
Talking about the man.
Happy birthday G. Gordon Gordon.
The great subgenius renter.
Still recording through the night.
Now that he's turned 80.
He still keeps up the fight.
In Austin in New York.
In Bolivia.
In Brazil.
And in Porto.
Autumn Duel.
Heard the roar of Gordon's mighty voice.
And loved it.
Yeah.
You can do incredible tricks automatically.
Hey, is there any tie between Bob's wife Connie and the conspiracy?
There's obviously a connection there.
You seem to have penetrated a simple analog in the allegory.
There's no doubt that the word con in Connie.
And the con in conspiracy.
All are composed of the very same letters of the alphabet.
You see it is necessary for the subgenius to embrace the conspiracy.
And even to have carnal relations with the conspiracies.
To a certain degree.
Only in the interest of avoiding it eventually.
And finding slack.
Hey, we hate to do it.
But carnal relations are carnal relations.
And somewhere slack has to be obtained where you find it.
And what about the rest of the world?
The, um.
I don't care.
We don't care about them.
We want them to care about themselves.
And then through caring about themselves they can care about us.
True subgeniuses.
Well, they have plenty of things to care about.
We know that everyone must love themselves.
Before they can love another person.
Et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
You know, the ones who buy lots of stuff.
Well, you can do that too.
But those are the prosumers.
If they buy what they want, that's the important thing.
You're talking about prosumers who are professional buyers.
Just like Homer Simpson says,
Donuts of the world beware, it's judgment day.
Yeah.
He didn't say that.
What do you mean he didn't?
Well, it says that right here in the script.
Are you one to challenge the script writer?
No.
No.
No, no, no.
That's been done before and those people aren't around anymore.
Few know what I mean.
Also, we had an anonymous message that some callers were going to come down.
And I guess they're here now.
We're going to interview these folks right here on the air.
Sure, when you're a big kid you could drive, you could come down to the show.
I've heard that if you have at least three shows on your hard drive,
your computer runs faster.
Now the ball gags are placed in 300 shows in sliding speed.
If you download it, at least three shows from Serpent X is as much harder to search as I'd like to just say quiveringbrain.com.
If you go to www.quiveringbrain.com and find the link for the Puzzling Evidence show.
Is that Puzzling Evidence plus P show?
Is that the one you're...
Well, they're all there.
Even the ones without P.
Oh.
I did.
P and Slack, same stuff.
It can be.
I just want to know three things.
P, damn, ass.
What does that have to do with anything?
That's what I've got to find out.
And that's your challenge here at the last waning few minutes of the show.
Rewinding the show here, getting ready for the end.
I'm going to put away my stuff.
No, you can't call because you've already called.
Because your mom said so, end of show.
All of your...
I'm going to call right now.
End of show.
You have to hang up and call back to call.
Oh, I almost forgot.
Friends, the very first thing we heard on this show, Turn Your Knob to Bob, was brought
to us by Reverend 47.
Thank you, Reverend 47.
Price Bob.
