Remember
We're sitting together listening to this
And this was busy
Remember
Remember
Remember
You need me, and I have come
Hi Bob
Yeah
Bob Bob Bob Bob
Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob
Yes sir, I like subgenius
No sir, I don't like pig boys
Yes sir, I love Bob
No sir
No sir, I do not want to stop Bob
I want Bob in every tree
I just want to give my fish to the thousands
In every flower, in every bee
In every leaf, in every twig
In every cow, in every pig
I want Bob deep fried and de-freezed
I want to fill him in the breeze
I want to see him in the sky
I hope his spike will catch me
Dear Bob who floats above the ground
Dear Bob who floats above the ground
I long to hear the mournful sound
That's made when you emerge from space
And come to this, my dwelling place
Dear Bob each night
While I'm asleep
I hope to my house you will creep
And poke your pipe in through the wall
So I'll be burned remembering all
Dear Bob it's time to close my eyes
Remember now
It's no surprise
If I should be found dead someday
I'll think that you were in the way
Oh gimme Bob
Oh gimme Bob
Oh gimme Bob
Confusing that face
With my own
Can't remember my place
Can't remember my place
Can't remember my place
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
Which reaches from the inner mind to
The subgenius
The subgenius
Hour of Swatch
Hour of Swatch
Hour of Swatch
Hour of Swatch
Bob's role on this planet
Is to see that
The earth is not sold
On that glorious or terrible day
We call X day in 1998
We call X day in 1998
When the men from Planet X arrive
Now it may sound ludicrous
It may sound ridiculous to many
It may sound impossible
Are you saying they're all nuts all those people
Maybe yeah maybe
You once were telling me about Planet X
Dr. Morbund
Evil on Planet X is more than you could think of
Evil on Planet X is more than you could think of
Evil stalks them
Evil stalks them
Every night and day they wait
To see the evil they go through
Do they come down in flying saucers
Flying saucers are bearing on us
We don't know what to do
We're here all alone
We're here all alone
The planets are fading
The blood is running
The lights were fading
And they stalked us
One by one
This is the man in black
Here for the Roma Wine Company of Fresno California
For centuries we have been circling your earth
Waiting for a means to penetrate your atmosphere
Waiting for a means to penetrate your atmosphere
Waiting for a means to penetrate your atmosphere
I am the first to come to you
With death and destruction
With death and destruction
Go ahead and kill me
What's gonna happen to your children
What's gonna happen to your children
When it's the society we've created
Air conditioners
Air conditioners
Station wagons with wooden sides
Station wagons with wooden sides
The cautious indeed
The retired actor the orange hail
What happens when that collapses
What happens when your daughter ain't worth a damn
What happens when your daughter ain't worth a damn
That's when the man from Planet X-9
I'm down to save the members of the subgenius church
I'm down to save the members of the subgenius church
But until that day
The power and wisdom of Bob
Can help us break their mind control
Can help us break their mind control
By activating that mutant gland that we all have within us
You don't like your life
Straighten it out in a big hurry
Give your money to the church
Not the state
The church
Yes
Give us your children
Give us your children
Give us your children
Let us raise them
Let us raise them
You'll have weirder kids than me
You'll have weirder kids than me
Ha ha ha ha ha
That's odd
Meltdown
And this can happen here
This can be yours
Uh yes dear friends
It can happen to you
It can be yours
And it will be yours on X-day 1998
Only two years from now
And of course dear friends
This is our X-day show
It's July
By the time you hear this tape
I will probably be at the X-day drill
I will probably be at the X-day drill
And drilling my way
And drilling my way
Deep into my own brain in preparation
For the arrival of those
Gods and goddesses
From outer space
Who will come in 1998
July 5th 1998
You know the story friends
And if you don't well just keep listening
Because we're gonna have
Every tiny media barrage
Of footage clip that ever had anything to do with X-day
For this show and the next one
I apologize for the last show
But you know
As Dr. Legume pointed out
In the first edition of the book of the subgenius
The McGraw Hill orange cover edition
It
There was a misprint
That seemed
Obviously a mistake
That at one point made it look like
X-day would happen in 1996
Well what if that wasn't
A mistake
What if you're not ready
What if you're still putting off
That mighty moment
When you write that mighty check
What if
These are all important
What ifs friends
And you know that movie is coming out
Independence Day
God their ploys
Are so obvious
So filthy and so obvious
That
You know the pieces are all coming together
For the one world government
And we can tell
You can see the story behind the rise of Bill
Clinton Bill
Soft on kitty porn
Clinton I should call him
And his little clique
Rising to the American throne
Yes it was through
The diabolical back room
Machinations of Dobbs
That all of these things have come about
Well thou art but an insignificant
Insect
And you better speak to the manager boy
Cause that day is coming
That day is coming up
And well I'm gonna
I'm just gonna let these
Tapes carry you on through friend
Cause this is the biggest celebration
Of the subgenius year
And uh
I hope that you are
Readying yourself
Just as we are
I'm sorry if you can't make it to the X Day drill
In Sherman New York
While you're hearing this show
I really am
But in the meantime you may commune
Yes you may commune
Now with the spirit of Dobbs
And the promise
Of X Day
Ah yes
Angel
Splash through the heavenlies
You know
Ezekiel
Saw a wheel
But what a lot of us do not realize
Is that in chapter one of
Ezekiel verse four
The angels traveled in whirlwind fashion
Not like our jets straight ahead
Whirlwind
They moved from one end of heaven to the other
Like a flash of lightning
Verse fourteen
And verse fifteen says
Their color was
Burl
Do you know what they put into spaceships now
That are heaved out there
The only thing that can withstand the heat
Other things would disintegrate
Burl Ilium
Burl Ilium
Their투 aqueous
And theirteat
To hopefully

Water
Mus
Kris
Yo
Go
I
I said, well, I was wall climbing.
I was wall climbing.
That's what Bob said to do.
That's what Bob told me to.
I was wall climbing.
I get real scared, Bob, because I've seen them.
I've seen them before.
But there's more of them now.
Because there's lots more.
They're floating in the air.
And they're living in the wood and the rocks and everything.
And they're always kind of laughing and feeling and laughing all the time.
Duncan Lunan of the British Interplanetary Society
has interpreted the signals as a message from the space probe.
A message from a dying planet in...
Where the little green men's day was real headcats
Rocking and rolling to the crazy flats
Brought out the sax and they started to flow
Brought out the drums and they started to roll
Blind saucer, rock and roll
Blind saucer, rock and roll
I couldn't understand it
A big dead set, it was a crazy beat
It just stopped me dead, Joe
Along with Bob, the pursuit of slack
and a conspiracy of bad news,


the subgenius theology includes a vision of the apocalypse.
According to church doctrine, on July 5th, 1998,
when the television signal of Amos and Andy
reaches the men from Planet X,
the aliens will unleash their wrath upon the Earth.
And the men from Planet X are going to come down
and take over Earth.
They're going to...
They will put us out of our misery
unless Bob can explain to them
in ways that they can understand.
We have to get the hell out of here.
There is something on Earth, worth saving.
And only the subgenii
the dues paying, book buying, receipt in the pocket
paid in full to the church subgenii
have the tiniest prayer of survival.
The rest of them, it's a tough world, Jack.
The fightin' Jesus looked out over the bridge
of the excessed battle saucer, blood of Christ.
He looked and laughed,
he laughed and looked,
he looked and looked,
He laughed and laughed.
He was finally going to have his revenge on the natives of Dust Moat 89 AB.
Aboard Jesus' flagship, dozens of killer theologians, the shock priests, were busy at their weapons terminals.
On the power decks, the proper orgone cycles were being timed by mass fornications between the ritual crew and the cancer beings from Theta Z.
An invasion-ready state existed in the ship and the 900 others floating over the doomed planet Earth.
Jesus was in a psychopathically elated state.
His face resembled many of the perverse icons the humanoids of the Dust Moat painted of him.
They prayed to these for the salvation of their souls, as if they had any souls to save, as if anyone would want to save them, which they didn't.
A whole disgusting religion now centered around his.
They had to gall to nail him up like a common criminal and then paint pictures of him enjoying it.
And they thought he loved them for it, that he was forgiving.
Oh, the anticipation. He was sick to his stomach with glee.
He would show them the true face of pain and sin.
It had taken him 2,000 long years to return here, and now he would pay them back for the scars he still carried in his hands.
Sweet stigmata.
Even the slightest thought of the scars.
The scars made them glow red through his fists, through the boxing gloves.
The hold of the spacecraft was manned with angels of light personally lent by Jehovah One.
They supervised the demon teams operating on all tangible destruction spectrums.
All in attack mode.
Nagas, Orzuma, Shiva, Horus, Aeons, the dark bodies.
And at time and a half, too.
It was expensive to ravage a planet.
No matter.
That which comes had finally arrived.
And on Jesus' birthday.
What do you think, Dad?
His second in command, Jim Jones, stood by with the final attack coordinate, CODESYS.
A whole graphic map of Earth rotated slowly next to Jones in midair.
On its surface, grids of the natives' planetary defenses were lit up in green.
Ones, some depicting their pathetic communication structures in violet.
All in scale.
Quite pretty, actually.
A colorful net surrounded the sphere.
It would soon enough be dark.
These children wait for us below, Jesus.
We will walk among them and we will smile.
At your moment of choice, of course.
Jesus studied Jones' puffy, tired face in the pink glow of the neuron banks that ran around the walls of the mighty universe.
He was a mighty dreadnought and shuddered.
He was no stranger to resurrection of the undead.
But whoever had brought Jones around again had slipped up.
Something was missing.
Something else was added.
Something.
Jones had been forced on him by the Jinn bankers who had financed this angelic war fleet.
Damn them.
He never forgot the price they had demanded for this mercenary raiding fleet.
No.
Jones' constant reminders of their influence.
And expectations irritated Jesus no end.
Not to mention the annoying habit Jones had copied from Dobbs.
The twisted creature insisted on smoking a pipe.
Even here near the sensitive nerve relays.
Jones might have been left dead a little too long.
He moved with a constant jerk and always poked at his throat.
He never removed his sunglasses.
And he still took massive injections of methamphetamines.
Even though they no longer had any effect on his regenerated shell.
You know Jimbo?
Said Jesus.
The best part is that they think there's an afterlife.
That's why they strung me up the first time.
They think like bugs down there.
I'm well aware of that, Commander.
It bothered Jones to be back on Earth so soon after his failure with the social programming research post he had been running there.
It wasn't really his fault.
The administration change at Central merely cut off the funding for it.
He was forced to abort the experiment.
But then the
answer comes.
There was nothing major.
He had to give up everything.
He didn't do anything else for his life.
Unless should've been shot about the day.
Closed his eyes.
Wreck that.
on our part to ensure the safety of this world.
Hello, I'm a Martian.
I hope I speak your language.
This is a recording.
What?
Take me to your leader.
Take me to your leader.
If this was indeed an extraterrestrial spacecraft
with living occupants,
it must have been very disconcerting for them
to cross millions of miles of space
only to be hit on the head with rotten oranges.
The dramatic advent of such fascinating objects
as those which were first called flying saucers
attracted the inevitable attention of those individuals
who let their imaginations run away with their veracity.
By 1950, some of these characters
were beginning to spin their stories
of fantastic conversations with alleged space people.
Some of them expanded the stories
to include alleged rides in the UFOs.
Suddenly everything went black,
and I realized that I'd been cut off and shut off
in a little while.
I was in a little tiny room
where nobody was listening to me,
and I was talking to this hot little plush felt
red rubber tip microphone
and not hearing a thing
and seeing only little tiny lights
and wondering why I was strapped to this chair
and put into the studio
that seemed to be rotating very rapidly
with lights flashing off rhythmically.
And it was a small man with a swollen head
and hideously deformed eyes
sitting behind the console
pushing the buttons
while pencils of light and energy
flashed across my body.
And I wondered why I was there
and what did they want me to do.
And I couldn't figure out
why I was sitting there.
And they didn't say anything.
They just kept flashing those lights at me
and pumping those strange chemicals into me.
And the man with the funny head,
the leader,
the man with the strange grin and the pipe.
Well, I just want to know
if you want to be in the church
or out of the church,
and where's your wallet?
Yes.
I didn't know that I'd been snatched up,
and it wasn't really a dream
until I saw these sacred nasal positions.
And suddenly it all came to me.

And I realized that they'd stolen
four and a half hours out of my life
when they put me in that tiny room
and plugged all those wires into me
and made me talk and talk and talk
and talk and talk
because you only paid for an hour and a half.
Friends and neighbors of planet Earth,
I come to you from a long, long ways off.
I come from a planet that is similar to yours.
Your many fears, tensions, and frustrations
are no longer with you.

Ours.
I hate them with all my heart.
They are inhuman and to be destroyed.
What is your objective?
You are not ready,
but we will still save you.
In your best self-destruction,
you will send up more satellites,
and we will be there
waiting to come again.
I'll be right here.
And, uh, but,
we'll be sending that little, um,
almond-eyed gray humanoid around to your door
to collect those organs, so...
Snappy.
He'll be in the cute little uniform,
so don't be afraid.
They're your friends.
They're here to help.
They're our brothers from the stars.
You should believe anything they whisper into your ear
in the dead of night as you try to sleep.
Whisper, whisper, whisper.
They're your friends.
They want to teach humanity
and lead us...
into a new age of enlightenment
under their gray jackboot.
Whisper, whisper.
Now listen, now listen, now listen, now listen,
and now listen.
If you wake up in a vat of poison
with little aliens standing around outside the vat
wrapping, tying napkins around their necks,
sharpening their knives and forks,
be glad,
because you've just fell into the hands
of the good aliens.
The bad aliens.
Far, far worse.
Whoa!
Oh, they're not like the thing.
That was a cuddly little benji of an alien
compared to what we're...
They aren't like aliens in that movie Aliens.
Those are silly little werewolves among monsters
compared to what we're talking about.
That is in the box.
What we're talking about is more like
what's growing in your refrigerator right now.
That's your hair.
That's your hair.
That's what it looks more like.
What is this?
The effect is it turns you into the alien.
Alien.
But man, take my word for it, it's worth it.
It's great, man.
It's cool, you'll love it.
I feel so much better now that I got it.
It's for your own good.
I feel so much better.
I feel so much better.
What's the matter, you afraid?
What's the matter, you chicken?
Come on, man, everybody's doing it.
Go ahead.
Stroke the alien and collect the dew
that builds up on the side of its neck-like appendage.
Go ahead.
Now demagnetize your head.
Okay.
I think you know what to do next.
I don't think you're the kind of listener
that I'd have to explain that to.
Now are you?
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
Yeah, I think they know just what I'm talking about.
Oh, they like it too.
Oh, they're first damn good.
I don't know what to do next.
You stand up on the hillside with your bat call
and blow into the bat call.
It's not like a moose call or a duck call.
You can't hear it.
Yeah, but it's super...
This is so perfect.
It's so perfect.
It's so perfect.
I give you the wrong name.
And just make sure you've got your antidote pudding ready
for when that bat lands on your face.
You're going to have to use that pudding mighty quick.
But it's worth it.
You'll dig it.
Well, I don't know.
I'm kind of scared.
Well, it's always scary the first time.
That's part of the kick, man.
Oh, okay.
Come on, everybody's doing it.
I ain't never going to do it.
I'm too old to do it.
Aren't you susceptible to peer group pressure?
I'm too old for it.
What are you?
Some kind of...
Some kind of a weirdo?
Yes.
No, I'm not a weirdo.
I want to be like everyone else.
No, no, no.
Good.
Then you'll take this little alien home and...
I am a weirdo.
Hey, stop rubbing your leg.
I'm confused again.
I don't think there's a reason for her to be confused.
It's something you find when you open the door.
You take these keys,
and one of the keys says Bob on it.
You stick it in the lock,
and you open up the door.
And if you're lucky,
the green carpet,
it rolls out.
And if you're not,
the red carpet rolls out.
He was communicating with them.
What do you think?
I think Rockefeller was crazy that night.
He got away with the money.
And the...
How can we stop them?
We can stop them by stopping the pink boys.
If we stop the pink boys,
we can stop them murdering,
and they're killing,
and they're stealing,
and they're persifying us.
But it's so...
It's so difficult.
Oh, Jerry,
don't let the boy out of the house.
Be brave.
Be brave.
Oh, always be brave.
Because the women saves us.
Greetings to you, earthlings.
I am Princess Dragomon.
I have taken over this planet.
Now I own the earth,
and you'll be my slaves for all eternity.
The disasters you experienced
are just small examples of our great power.
Either surrender to me,
or I'll destroy all humans,
I've spoken.
It's all a warning you're going to get from me.
You'll be destroyed.
They don't sleep either.
They're not emotional.
Angels don't have any emotion.
Another and worse war will break out.
When you see a night
with a strange light in the sky,
you will know it is a sign
that the world is about to be punished
for its crime.
By 1998,
every normal,
mediocriton,
pink boy,
admin,
trekkie,
and hippie
is going to be trying to get on board
with the good ship dogs.
The great set of the good ship dogs.
Or they're going to fry along with everybody else
when those aliens get here.
Of course,
such a prophecy immediately arises our cynicism.
Is it possible that the end of the world will come in July 1999?
Perhaps.
Or, is it just a dream?
Or, is it just another of those prognostications
which have haunted man through the ages?
Such a forewarning of ultimate doom
could generally be dismissed out of hand.
But for the fact
that many of Nostradamus's other prophecies
have already been fulfilled.
But the old ones are coming back.
I'm going to let them through.
The tools of conquest do not necessarily come with bombs and explosions and fallout.
On July 5th, 1912,
at 7 a.m. 1998,
when we all have hangovers,
Wu-Tang's judgment will take place
in the form of what the pre-scriptures call
the advent of the angelic host.
Happy, happy Independence Day.
Happy real Independence Day, my friends.
Because here in Dallas, Texas,
which is in its own time zone, you know,
all the cities that get the hour of slack
are in different time continuum.
But here in Dallas, yesterday was July 4th,
the day before real Independence Day.
You see, for subgeniuses,
July 4th is like the day of disappointment
and shattered dreams.
It's a day of lies and rushes to judgment
of drunken pinks and car crashes
and depraved men.
And we see depressing desert storm parades
and we mope around and think about things like
Wounded Knee and JFK and assassination
and the Spanish-American War and Vietnam
and Iran-Contras and Watergate and so on.
But dear friends,
dear friends,
July 5th,
July 5th,
that is a day
of hope and promise for the subgeniuses.
Yes, friends, the day when the true America,
the Bob's America,
the America of our Masonic subgenius
patriots, forefathers and foremoms
and foreslaves.
Today, July 5th,
in Dallas anyway,
is the first day of the end of the world.
The end of their world, dear friends,
because it's the first day before the beginning
of our world, our subgenius planet.
Ah, yes, yes, yes.
It makes me feel so good,
so good to have a subgenius holiday.
We need more subgenius holidays.
Of course, every day is Bob's birthday,
but, you know, that gets unrealistic after a while.
And so we call, well, July 4th,
what the pinks call their Independence Day,
we call July 4th X Day Eve.
And, uh, uh, X Day Night,
of course, we call X Day Eve.
Sort of like Halloween.
But X Day is our Independence Day.
Not July 4th, not Juneteenth,
but X-est-mas.
X-est-mas, dear friends.
And, you know, the night before X-est-mas,
the whole family,
the subgenius fully extended nuclear family,
goes out and watches fireworks
or, you know,
whatever else illegally sets them off in their backyard.
And then everyone, the kids and everyone,
go in and watch Freddy Krueger's
Nightmare on Elm Street videos around the fireplace.
And, uh, the kids are tucked in, of course,
about 1 o'clock in the morning.
And the grown-ups stay up all night
frobbing and frobbing and dooning and,
and gleaning and, uh, doing X Day chants
about how the time is nigh
for their arisal.
And, uh, songs, you know,
X Day holiday songs like
Take Me Off to Space,
which we'll be playing soon.
And, uh, on X Day morning,
of course, uh, well, the grown-ups have been up all night,
but the kids get up real early because
on X Day,
the children are allowed to eat breakfast.
And, uh, just before 7 o'clock,
all the grown-ups and everybody sit outdoors
on their easy chairs like I did this morning
with beers or whatever.
And, uh, and they do a countdown up till 7 a.m.
And then since it's not really X Day yet,
they meditate, friends, on what it's gonna be like
when those men from Planet X come down
and destroy the normal people on this planet
and take the weird abnormals and eccentrics
and those of us who have to live in disguise as a human
and lift us up, up and away
into the escaped vessels of the sex goddesses.
And that's what our, our religion is all about.
But, you know, anyway, on X Day,
after, after thinking about all that,
we sing hymns more about how the humans are all gonna die.
And, uh, then there's some rock and roll
and dancing and so forth.
And then everybody goes to bed,
usually fairly early in the day,
because you have to sleep.
I've been up all night on X Day Eve.
And, uh, they need to have energy for X Dayeen.
So on our, uh, X Dayeen,
when the Knights of X have arrived,
we're gonna have Christmas when, uh,
everybody dresses up in costumes,
dress up like angels or devils or God or, or Jesus or Bob
or even Negi.
And, of course, you can get those Bob and Negi masks
from your favorite subgenius vendors at Fratkin Company.
As seen in your start fifth.
Ah, yes.
Ah, yes, yes, yes.
Sha la kundala dabba soya.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, you have to go?
The Exist will descend with their scientifically magic implements.
There'll be stalls of technology that will be too much for us to handle.
In one instant, all the hangovers will disappear,
along with all pollution and nuclear weapons.
But in return, the human race will have to take on living machinery
so complex that though it is peaceful,
the end result will be equivalent to letting toddlers play with a nuclear arsenal.
Bob!
And not some conspiracy world government.
Must be there in a position of world leadership
to explain humanity's behavior to the Exists in ways they can understand
so they don't put us out of our misery
with a snap of their cosmic finger like they did the dinosaurs.
The right people, us, must be the ones that the Exists make into superhuman overmen.
And even then, things will be damn tough for the rest of this period,
which is called the Time and Half Time.
The Exists have landed
Earth's under their control
Dobbs Station stands proven
The city's radioactive holes
We don't know
What their game is
But their name is
Unpronounceable
We don't know
What they came for
But what they aim for
Is impossible
But despair not, mean beings
In the second year before the millennium of the day of God
Come Wednesday
As in the twinkling of an eye they will come among the Yakatisma
Which are like unto thy great white brothers
They come as men, as graven images
As a whirlwind, and as a cloud
And they are now the heavens working over thee
The Exists have landed
Their machines
Following our tracks
Dobbs Station stands proven
A world
Without slack
Monsters like unto men will be around thee all about
And shall make thee to look past the door which should be locked
And thy sciences will terrify thee and bring thee naught but devils
For thine spirit is locked away inside the white stone
Which my angels have greened from the earth
From space
Which is the vessel of all that is nerd
And even now I show thee signs in the heaven and signs in the earth
Blood belches from the earth
My lights in the sky rebuke thee
The children of heaven and the angels from hell
Are among thee spreading lies and deception
They turn not as they go
Ah, but who cares dear friends?
Who cares?
Because the end times are coming up
You know, it's the first day of the end of the world
And we've been given, Bob has given us to see signs and portents
Of what will bring this end
What will trigger the day of judgment
And what it's going to be, of course we know it's going to be a day of judgment
We know when the exes will of course arrive July 5th, 1998
At 7 o'clock in the morning all over the world
But what triggers the end times for the other alien beings
The Yaka Teesma and so forth
Is this one moment when the world, when America becomes so decadent
That it no longer deserves to live
And that sign of the end times dear friends
Is the Royal Jelly Enema
At a time, 1998, 97, doesn't matter when, might be now, may have already happened
A time when beggars are crowding the streets
And children, poor children are out starving
Celebrities and lawyers in Hollywood
Will be indulging in the latest hedonistic health, the crackpot health fad
The Crackpot Health Fad
Getting enemas with pure royal jelly
The honey fed to queen bees
Which costs a thousand dollars for enough royal jelly
To get the average jaded swinger, you know, off or whatever
And so at this time when the homeless are selling their babies
To procure used, leftover ambergris and royal jelly enema byproducts
When a Hollywood star, the moment when a Hollywood star
Spends $60,000 in one night on that
And his used jelly is sold on the streets for $200 for a half a pint
This so disgusts the aliens that they decide to trash the earth
Before the X's arrival
Friends
It's gonna be a rough time and I'm gonna, this is gonna be an all X day night
A night of celebration!
And yes, that time when Bob will come and hose down the streets
And clean up this crooked and perverse nation
So we're gonna hear from Father Joe Mama as he delves on into this as well
Praise Bob
Hello friends and welcome
You know most of you out there must be feeling pretty smug with yourselves
After all, you're alive, you're healthy
Your life's insured, there's a little money set aside in case of accidents
What more could you ask for?
These are good times
Easy money, easy sex, VCRs and Nintendo to keep your minds occupied
You know they say that the golden age is never the present age
They really do say that
But we look all around us everywhere and what do we see?
Golden opportunity
Well friends, that's just calm before the sun!
And don't let the storm because tonight's sermon is entitled
X Day 1998
Day of reckoning!
We all know vaguely what X Day is
Bob told us himself that it shall occur July 5th, 1998
The X's shall land and whisk the good subgenies off to a never ending pleasure cruise of the cosmos
But what of the pinks that remain on Earth?
What will happen to the A-holes that are left behind?
Well friends,
As much as I hate to gloat over those less fortunate
The fact is, they'll get exactly what they deserve
Now to any real subgenie, giving the normal what he deserves
Is about the cruelest fate a normal could ever receive
After all, these are the same normals that have supported the conspiracy for centuries
These are the same normals that have tortured us with their ignorance and defiled the name of Bob
These are the same normals that have taken the most free country in the world
And turned it into an ever growing bureaucratic governmental monster
That feeds on taxes, committees, laws, statutes, buck passing and fill in the blank
Then, once the creature's rot filled gut sprues out the digested combination of all the vices before mentioned by the lawyers and liars that created this filth
What's the result?
Why the conspiracy of course
And this pile of stinking defecation
We're supposed to kneel before and worship and serve?
Never!
Bob will avenge us for the years of conspiracy rule
On that most dreaded of subgenius holidays
X-Day 1998
Dreaded by them
But not by us
Let us look at Bob's prophecy and see what the normals have in store for them
Shall we?
Bob's word comes in many mysterious ways
Not all of which are immediately recognized as divine in origin
Indeed
Since Bob transcends time
So does his word
This revelation popped up in a 1938 radio drama
In this story the Martians
Then a synonym for aliens
Later to be known as X's
Have landed and started to round up the normals
Two of the unlucky survivors meet to discuss the future of mankind
The smarter one asserts quote
I've thought it all out
Right now we're caught as we're wanted
And X's are the same as we're wanted
The one who's the best
Only has to go a few miles to get a crowd on the run
But they won't keep on doing that
They'll begin catching us systematic like
Keeping the best and storing us in cages and things
They haven't begun on us yet
Not begun
Later he goes on to say
All those little office workers that used to live in these houses
They'll be no good
They haven't any stuff in them
They used to run
Run off to work
I have seen hundreds of them running
And catching their commuter trains in the morning
Afraid that they'd get canned if they didn't
Running back at night
Afraid that they wouldn't be in time for dinner
Lives insured and a little invested in case of accidents
Yay and on Sundays worried about the hereafter
Well the X's will be a godsend for those guys
Nice roomy cages
Good food
Careful breeding
And no worries
Yeah after a week or so of chasing around the fields on empty stomachs
They'll come and be glad to be caught
Now this is 1938 mind you
He goes on to say finally
That's not all
These X's are going to make pets of some of them
Train them to do tricks
Who knows get sentimental over the pet boy who grew up and had to be killed
Yay and some maybe they'll train to hunt us
Yes they will
There's men who will do it gladly
Well friends how much more obvious does Bob have to be
When he gave this brief preview of the future in 1938 on CBS
It sent millions of normals into the streets screaming for reprieve
They repented
They begged forgiveness
And yet just a few days later after Bob Orson Welles in the War of the Worlds broadcast
Was described by the conspiracy as nothing more than a joke
The normals went back to the conspiracy way of life
As if nothing had ever happened
They came so close to getting a second chance in mending their ways
But they blew it
They went back to the conspiracy masters
And for their loyalty they were genously rewarded with yet another world war
There's a strange sense of poetic justice to it isn't there friends
Well they haven't seen nothing yet
Just wait till the real McCoy comes
It's only a few miles down the road
Pink boy
And like Dr. Al prescribes to his patients
If you're caught in a nuclear holocaust
And your skin begins to melt
Don't panic
This is perfectly normal
Yes friends
Just another normal way to die
For the normals doomed to die
Did I say doomed to die
I should have said lucky to die
For blessed are the dead after X day arrives
The doomed are the unlucky pink survivors
Who must live out their wretched existence
Under the cruel and merciless X-is
Cruel and merciless X-is
Cruel to them
But not to us
Not only will there be no more bowling alleys
And golf courses for the pinks
But there'll be no more subgenies to kick around anymore
We'll be surfing the celestial stars
Smoking our froth
Unweaving our slack
Insecting our anti-virgins like there was no tomorrow
Because in space friends there isn't
Only back on earth will it be an Amar
And then the next day
And then the next
It'll be an eternal hell without end
And we'll be an enjoyn' it all
In the heavens on close circuit tides
And on the earth on TV
Because we won't want to miss a single revenge filled minute
Praise Bob!
Amen!
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
Come on down you saucer man
And take me off to space
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
Come on down you saucer man
And take me off to space
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
And take me off to space
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
Take me off to space
And take me off to space



Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Hey, cow mutilators, let me join your crew.
Give me a knife, you bet your life I'll cut up cows for you.
I don't care if you're some kind of ghastly beast without a face.
So come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Oh, take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Come down, you tiny robots with your little nipper claws.
You pale and bug-eyed aliens with white and clammy paws.
Life is just a sucker's dream, and death is a disgrace.
So come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Oh, take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Hey!
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Woo!
Yeah!
Oh, friends, you know, oh, I should mention that was Horton Nenslow singing
Take Me Off to Space, that wonderful old hymn.
That's one of the hymns that we like to sing on our subgenius holidays.
A lovely, lovely old-time gospel hymn.
Yes, yes, yes.
This is Doctors for Bob in the background.
Take Me Off to Space.
Take Me Off to Space.
Take Me Off to Space.
Afterwards, another song during the show came out on the air,
calling a new beginning

for Bob Sadler,



I will go get it this weekend.
He slower, slower and slower,
variously animated лучше,
just left the hangar deck at Lunar Central and have cleared the airlocks into the colony.
The crowd of scientists and technicians are going wild.
What a space ovation!
Now let's feel the number.
And now in celebration of this great occasion we have planned a lunar party.
We hope all young people throughout the solar system will join us in celebration of this
great day in outer space.
Bob?
Late that Saturday night before retiring, I took out the snapshot picture of the sailor
and studied it until I could close my eyes and see this man's face as though he was standing
in front of me.
As far as not having a face, yeah, that's what people say.
I'm pretty much the same.
I don't think it's a bunch of shit.
I love you.
Even the slides are set.
Are my friends, because they're so lost.
I'm gonna see them again and again.
Is that before or after the bob pills?
And we'll have a third sexual organ which cannot even be imagined yet in human beings
in the future.
future we'll have all 27 sexes will exist on planet earth which will make it difficult to
to get laid on a friday night because we'd have to go to 27 separate singles bars in order to score an entire
entire union yeah good afternoon ladies and gentlemen this is drew pearson we bring you
this special radio television broadcast in order to give you the very latest information on an
amazing phenomenon the arrival of a space ship in washington the rumors of invading
armies and mass destruction are based on hysteria and are absolutely false
and you are not alone and you are not alone
remember
is
the part of your soul which is attached to your dollar rises up with the smoke and it
is received by our interplanetary excess guardians and you will be saved and in some cases we don't
want the money we throw it out of the bank in order to get it back and we don't want to lose it


throw the money in toilets and flush it down.
But our intra-sewer sponge nine-inch worms receive the part of your soul
which is attached to the money again, and you can be saved by the nine-inch worms also.
Yeah, Bob can, you need Bob following you around.
Bob can see through all those Bob hands.
The nine-inch worms are the only force which can encounter the excess maggots
and protect humanity from the excess maggots in 1998.
The excess are going to leave Earth.
Oh yeah, we'll be completely free to do whatever we want.
They're just going to leave us alone.
But their unmentionable, unnameable, horrible maggots will remain.
We will be dogs to them in more ways than you can ever imagine.
Unless the nine-inch worms are preserved.
No, eight-inch worms aren't going to help.
You know, ten-inch, ten-and-a-half-inch worms are going to be good.
Oh yeah, ten-inch worms will show you a good time.
Oh yeah, ten-inch worms will take you out on the town all night compared to those nine-inch worms.
You know, people are sitting there going, excess, end of the world, 1998.
If they don't buy the book, when 1998 comes and the world is a nuclear wasteland,
when we're all slaves or ground beef, they're going to go, oh, I guess these guys weren't kidding.
Yeah, I should have read the start fist a little more.
More carefully, he said, while digging through nuclear holocaust,
looking at the third hand growing from his stomach.
Why doesn't it go away?
Heliopters are what brings them.
You can put it in your mind and smoke it.
Heliopters are, this is a legend that is going to be revealed right now in media for the first time.
Heliopters are these quasi-mechanical, leather-clad, demonic,
uh, they kind of look like helicopters.
They're not helicopters at first glance, but they are alive, and they're employed by a, uh,
I hate to use the term minor deity, but this guy's name is Gabrogfran,
and he's right up there with Bob, I'm not kidding.
He's right up there with Odin and Arnold Palmer.
If you ever see anything that says approved by Gabrogfran, buy it.
And these heliopters are how Dr. Bobby Quipman has arrived,
and oftentimes there are tons of Bob pills on these heliopters.
These are special compartments that were designed for him.
They're the transport of these sacred, uh, anointings.
It was the, it was the heliopters that originally brought our minds to Dobbs.
The rat snake manure.
The stench of the spirit is like that of a million slaughtered swine.
And in these times, thy planet is wreathed in foul vapors of light.
Hold on a minute. The conspiracy has put a slight detour in front of us here.
I must change lanes.
But there are other things, other evil, dark, shadowy forces at work.
Work in this solar system of ours, in this galaxy, in this corner of our universe.
Niggy, by imposing his twisted will upon the trajectories of Jehovah's neutrinos,
is able to deflect those trajectories.
Feasibility study ended.
Abduction of human race?
Infeasible.
Warning, warning.
Psychics applying the Hubbard's life
have discovered secret Nazi UFO bases
in the Antarctic.
The truth that President Truman never told us.
Dobbs blessed his boring soul.
The hideous Uber-brow.
They called you Wellman when you were a human.
Before the Brow took over.
Before the Brow took over.
This is what I do to all your deities.
Give them second until they slow way down.
Therefore,
there is a God.
End of quote.
I said you're gonna have to get yourself
in discernment here
and be able to discern the spirit of God
from the spirit of Hinduism.
I said people in Haiti, I said when the Holy Ghost hits them,
they think it's Buddha.
Because Buddha hits them like the Holy Ghost hits them.
People in America think that
when the Holy Ghost hits somebody, it's witchcraft.
Yes, witchcraft.
Yes, witchcraft.
Throws people down.
They see demonic visions.
And the devil uses them.
Buddhism and witchcraft.
And the powers of the pagan gods.
The powers of the pagan gods
produces lying signs and wonders.
But I want you to know that the pagan gods
and their false religions
can do what they're doing in the war.
Bless God, what can we do with a true God,
with a true Christ, with a true Holy Ghost?
We ought to be able to do more than what they're doing.
Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
How would the God God take the scales off your eyes
and open your eyes to behold
that the Lord's coming is at the door
and that all that's happening in the world
is getting us ready for Jesus Christ
to dwell in the fullness of God in the saints.
That we will come forth with revelation
and manifestation.
And the manifestation of the Holy Ghost
revealing Christ to the world.
That we will possess in our temples
the very fullness of the Spirit.
That we'll be filled with the Spirit.
We'll be filled with it.
We'll have oil in our lamps burning.
That we will not stop until our lives have been complete.
I don't care.
They can talk about me all over Brownwood and Baines
and around here.
Call me anything.
But I'm preaching the truth.
They can talk about me and turn on this minister
and say this ain't real.
But you let one of them hypocrites
come and show where I'm wrong
and take the Bible and prove that this ain't God
and this ain't the Word of God to the people
and I'll leave tomorrow.
Hallelujah.
But I'm not leaving tomorrow.
You say why?
Because there ain't nobody in the state of Texas
and the state of Alabama, Florida, anywhere else
can take the Word of God and prove this is wrong.
They may lie.
They may accuse.
They may tell all manner of evil.
But they cannot touch the Spirit.
They cannot touch this Word of God.
This is the Word of the Holy Ghost.
This is God's promise.
This is God's Word.
God's truth to you.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry
Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs
and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Bob.
Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
Back is evil.
I don't know.
My wife, she fell down and they've had to pick her up.
Her leg's okay.
And something, you can't get something for nothing.
If it ain't one thing, it's another.
It.
You know what I'm talking about?
If it, if it, if it ain't one thing, it is gonna be another.
It may be coming back on that opposite reality chain.
You know, the one coming back the other way?
It's like a big eight.
It's like a big eight.
If it weren't for nothing, in contrast, you know,
we'd be like nothing, too, compared to it.
And you can't know nothing unless you know everything.
But you can't know everything unless you know nothing.
I mean, people say crazy things.
They get in there and they say,
but the Hades, the Hades and the unseen world
and the abode of the lost,
and they say that ain't real.
And I've seen it down there on the seventh level.
And I, I, the mystery, the mystery, the mystery,
it just, it just tears us apart, the mystery.
And if we can just say,
I know, I know that everything will be fine.
I know that it's real.
You know we're not the same as we are.
W.I.J.V. has got me now.
We are, we are, we are,
we are, we are, we are, we are, we are.
Ah yes, there, friends.
Don't you feel that sometimes you just have to let one go.
I pinched in a big old little...
Hi, Jim.
Hello there, Irving.
Irving's day.
Hi, hi you guys.
Hi, there's Doug.
New York tape.
Well, here's another one.
And we like to listen to New York tapes, too.
And another one.
We've heard this before.
Yeah, I mean, you guys are feeling good all over.
Feel alive.
We're breathing.
I'm eating.
I'm eating.
That's living through.
Want to hear me chew?
I don't know.
Are you any relation to Bulldog Drummond?
Arnold Stang?
Arnold Stang?
Let me talk to those subgeniuses.
I've got to talk to those subgeniuses.
I'm going to speak backwards.
The devil spoke to me.
Many birds.
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay.
If this day in beautiful North Texas comes to an end,
we hope we've been a pleasant part of your day.
We strive for quality and are happy to display
this National Association of Broadcasters seal of good practice.
We hope you've had a good day
and that you'll join us again tomorrow.
Good night.
Good morning.
This is Doug.
And I'm here in the laboratories.
And this 90-minute,
this set has not been totally filled up.
Unfortunately, since I edited all that stuff,
some new junk came in.
So, uh, yeah, right.
Some of these people I have been told
can get high off of human blood
or can get high off of animal blood.
But they feel very strongly
that the blood from certain animals
at certain points in time
and the things that are done
at certain points in time
give them strength,
give them power over certain things.
Tommy Roy Bland of Louisville.
This man says no.
It's all a myth.
A crazy hoax dreamed up by somebody
and built into a national fixation
by a sensation-seeking press.
Get out of the car!
Get out of there!
There's nothing in the sky!
Dr. Travis, get out of the wheel!
I can't!
I feel...
Get out!
Get out!
Get out!
Get out!












This is Antron.
This is Antron.
Attention, humans.
I am speaking through the medium of
Ivan Stang.
To you, humans,
we planted the seeds of life
on this planet
10 billion years ago.
Seeds all atomic.
