Batman, wherever they go, will remember the Alamo.
Remember the Alamo.
You know, I think I saw one of those things once.
The UFOs.
I mean, it was really, it was kind of scary.
It's all these fucking colored lights and sounds.
I mean, sounds and lights like I ain't never heard before.
How did I, how did I, how did I?
He's a maniac.
He's a maniac.
He's a maniac.
Bob.
But let's leave things of this world behind
and walk now down the path of Bob for this brief minute of slack
from the Church of the Sub-G.
Genius.
Release your hold on this tenuous practical joke they call reality.
Let your body be sucked out of your ears,
for we're going to take you deep, deep inside yourself
to the place of silence in the noise.
We're going deeper, deeper into your consciousness,
down past the membranes of the fabric of your very mind.
We bore down into the cranium,
drilling through the irrelevant memories of job and normality,
piercing the squamous epithelium,
the pesudas rolling around in the hollowed-out inside of the skull,
scraping along the edges of the birth canal
and stretching the imagination gland until it pops.
Now, let all your thoughts drain out through the brain pan,
tumble down through the sinuses,
slide down the esophagus,
and finally, let them plunge to the base of the soul itself,
located in the lowest organ of your body, the foot gland.
And finally, an idea.
A key.
An ultimate plan is born at the very bottom of your mind.
And it is Bob.
Wake up, puppet boy!
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm gonna bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
I have Bob's luggage!
No trouble.
Just get set and get going.
A-Him.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Welcome, potential initiates,
and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind
every time you say, see, hear, or think.
What is it?





What about sweat?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Hear the watch in front of us blurs and distorts time.
Soon we will be deep in a hypnotic trance.
What wonders will we see?
Hey kids, get some money out of your pants' pockets and send it to Bob.
Here!
Pull it to level.
And you go.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the Hour of Slack.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang,
sacred scribe of the First Orthodox Megafist Temple Lodge of the Church of the Subgenius,
with Pastor Buck Naked of the First Naked Church of the Subgenius.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of this radio station.
Before the sermon, a message concerning Bob Dobbs,
living avatar of Slack and saint of sales on planet Earth.
You have to love Bob.

He loves you, but you love Bob.
You have to.
Or else what happens if you don't love Bob?
He'll kill you.
He'll bob you out.
He'll bob you out, folks.
You heard it here first.
If you don't love Bob, he'll bob you out, man.
All right.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
This is KNON 94.1.

FM.
In Dallas, Texas.
See your first yelled, sir.
Like the morpher flies in a plane and hits the moon.
The cosmic slug has sold the colors of birds and is seared by the restrained earth.
Truth revealed over the air by the doctors of precision.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang.
With Pastor Bucknack, it's expected any minute now.
And this one is our Slack number 20.
The life after death and quantum mechanics show.
And you can turn to page 17 in your subgenius church radio syllabus and we can begin the lesson.
Now, my friends, my old buddy God was a weird cat.
He really was.
He was into everything.
He used to make universes.
Um.
Cranked out quite a number of them years ago.
And supposedly he's still at it.
I don't know if it was really an infinite number of universes.
I mean, you got to stop somewhere.
But, oh, God, he had this deal where you go from one universe to another every time you died.
They start you off in the before life, which was sort of like eternal paradise to kind of get you off on the right foot.
And then all of a sudden you'd lose your memory and get born here on Earth.
And then when you got old and died, you'd pass on to the etheric universe next door.
And why, after you died there, you'd be born into the angelic universe.
So once there, friend, you'd find out there were dozens and dozens of them, each one better than the last.
In fact, each one incomprehensibly better than the last.
And as long as you didn't screw up too bad, you could keep on traveling up through the earth.
And the universe is getting ever closer to the bob head.
But right when you thought the next level would be the last and the ultimate peak experience of eternal slackness, friends,
why, instead, right then, you'd get reborn on Earth with your memory wiped out again just a few years after you died there the last time.
And you'd have to start all over again.
And that's how it all keeps going on infinitely.
Friends, you know.
Sooner or later, you run out of infinity.
Even infinity.
But see, here's the thing.
Usually these facts are never announced in this universe, friends.
And we do it on this show where we know it won't be believed.
But see, if you die bad, friend, or if you're a messed up person, you might leave behind a part of your soul, the lower soul, or what we call the nental eye.
And that becomes a poultry.
That becomes one of your traits.


And that becomes a whole other guy's friend.
Or a wandering shade.
An earth-bound spirit doomed to roam the earth, pathetically repeating its sad loop of behavior that made it split from the higher soul in the first place.
Can you imagine a ghost trying to buy a pack of cigarettes for eternity, friends?
Now, in light of that, Buck and I have an admission to make.
Uh, for many shows now, we've been blaming the station's equipment for our missed cues and wobbly stereo and so forth.
And, friend, the equipment in this station is perfectly good.
It's partly that we dare to be stupid, but it's also largely to blame, friends, on the show poltergeist, the station poltergeist.
For this is a haunted radio airspace we occupy, friends.
Yes, and we did a little research at City Hall, and it turns out that this frequency at this time on Sunday nights,
on an old station long before K and O-N, there was a crazy old preacher DJ that had this time slot,
and he died while on the air speaking, my friends, through this very microphone.
His name was Reverend Mathers Williams, and apparently he does not rest easy
because, friend, he jealously haunts this time slot trying to get his show back from us.
So when you hear that spooky static and all those rattles and squeaks,
and when we sound like we don't even know how to run the phones right, well, friends, you know what's behind it all now.
And maybe we can get it to materialize and say something creative on the show.
So it's going to be, if you're going to call in tonight, friends, call in about ghost sightings or UFOs, no jokes, real experiences only.
Pastor Necky, do you have anything to add as we go into the...
The show?
Hi, girls.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
It's time for the harvest.
And, friends, speaking of the harvest, ACORN, the community organization working for a just society,
is having a benefit concert at Tahiti's on Lower Greenville.
That's on Monday, March 3rd from 9 to 11.
Tickets are three bucks at the door.
Come on out and have a great time.
Listen to the music of No Parking.
And help ACORN work for a better society for everyone.
Oh, yes, friends.
And if we can watch out for that scary old haunted preacher, we'll be proceeding with our hideous show.
They're here.
Important to tell the folks out there that we're all actually...
We're actually here and operating now.
Those were just simulacra of us that were on before.
Etheric doubles made out of the black ether by green energy.
Created by the simrac...
I can't even say it.
Sim-lac-rim-al-van.
Gland.
Gland.
They brought us here in a van.
Yeah, you know, they're going to take us back in one, too.
Wasn't he that astronaut who disappeared a couple years ago?
Yeah, he was.
And, well, they found parts of his body across the entire galaxy.
In fact, last time...
Last time I was out there, I saw one of his fingers go by.
But they never proved that it was him.
Well, I know it.
I know it was him.
He was one of those split-universe theorists, wasn't he?
Well, he was well-split after he was cleft in two by a charging spar liner.
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
What is fact, and what is apparition?
In an English garden, a ghostly maiden appears.
She's trying to recapture some lost time of her past life.
They're here.
The determination as to whether your home is haunted is not very easy.
What I meant to say was it might very well be a poltergeist intrusion instead of a classic haunting.
What's the difference?
Poltergeist.
Are usually associated...
with an individual.
Hauntings seem to be connected with an area.
A house, usually.
Poltergeist disturbances are a fairly short duration.
Perhaps a couple of months.
Hauntings can go on for years.
This is the ghost of a young man who has been starved to death in a cage.
Anne, what do you see out in the vast realm of the night?
What terror does the night hold for you?
What monstrous...
What monstrous vision might be awaiting for you?
Beyond life.
Beyond the grave.
Beyond the realm of death.
She went through my soul.
Well, I'm fascinated by death itself.
What happens as we die, when we die, what happens after we die.
You mean life after death?
Yes.
Is there?
Yes, I think there is.
If I'm correct, the life force is conserved always and in all things, even after death.


And you think that applies to what's happened here tonight?
Yes.
Yes, I do.
I think that girl, creature, drained energy, life force, partially from Bukowski and totally from the guard.
That girl was no girl.
She's totally alien to this planet and our life form.
And totally dangerous.
There is no such a thing called death.
It's just a transformation.
The boy George Ronald and Queen Elizabeth.
All go from station to station.
Disonner.
There is no end.
They are looking for them again.
And so they send this
And it's enough.

You see my land.


It's not an masochism.
You're a little chatty.
Don't be blue when we lay down
Receiving life's crown
Open your eyes right now
Oh, please be nice anyhow
It's gonna be no end for me
You fight with others just because you want them
Accumulating rubbish inside yourself
And you have to throw it out
Yes, you have to throw it out
Human relationships are just so-so today
It's not too deep and darkness stares in our way
How about the night?
I'm finished with the night
The night
The night
The night

The night

There is no end
Always goes on
Take my hand
And then we go the way
Decide if you need or if you're wasted
See what you said
Come on
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Our religions love to fight with one another
But yet because we have the same father and mother
We should not act so strange
So we have to do the change
And our children live in danger and in sorrow
Who knows if they're not ready or asked to fight tomorrow
Which is the thing that's strange
So we have to do the change
Change
We have to do the change
We have to do the change
We have to do the change
The change
When we don't wake up now, who knows if we wake up at all?
We are so important and I wish we would not fall
In downward Babylon, where is everybody gone?
It's true, ho-la-la-la-dee, to be blue, ho-la-la-la-dee
When we lay down, receiving life's crown
And then we go the way, deciding if you leave or if you waste it
So what you say?
Come on!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
They're here!
They're here, friends!
And we're gonna try to get them to come back
And get the good Cleve Duncan on the phone lines here
If he's still hanging in
Uh, let's see
Uh, and Cleve?
No!
I hear the mighty Cleve Duncan coming through all the way from Florida
I can barely hear you coming through there, River and Stang
But I know that it's powering its way right across
Right across that deep south line
And just...
And just...
Hammering it right away in here
Huh! Praise Bob!
Yeah!
Well...
It's a beautiful, beautiful thing, I tell you, yes indeed
Uh, friends, for those of you who don't instantly recognize the household name of Reverend Cleve Donut Duncan
This is... this is he, Reverend Cleve, who also, besides being a top subgenius, ranter, uh, and prancer
Is, uh, also the keyboardist for that great, mighty band, the Del Fuegos
As well as one of the founding members of the fabulous Billy Goons
Ah!
Indeed, ah!
So, Cleve, how is your role as roving emissionary for Bob Dobbs treating you?
Oh, it's coming along quite well, actually
It's, uh...
Well, it's coming like a well
It's the best, that's the best part
Oh, it...
Cleve has only one thing on his mind, and that's...
Cleve
The mighty preaching tool of the preacher
The tongue
Just being a roving emissionary, you know?
Well, uh...
Coming down, coming down...
Coming down, coming down...
Coming down, coming down...
Coming down, coming down...
Coming down, coming down...
Coming down, coming down...



Dr. Duncan, you have called it an unusual show
In that we've got a video crew here trying vainly to tape the show
So that our radio listeners can see it
But since most of them don't have picture tubes attached to their radios
Why, they're gonna be plumb out of luck
People think I'm kidding, but we really are being videotaped tonight
It's, uh, you know, nothing's more boring than to watch a radio show
Well, if they can just dream
Dream of the concerto
If they can sleep
When medal eyes look aturance
And memory knows 저 Pee
Well, that may look silly
But I hear a vehicle
It beats itself right
Oh, and so I have to get down





Well so, you just crossed just inside my house
that there just seems to be news all the time about Alex.
You mean you can't get Dr. Gene Scott?
You can't get the subgenius TV ministry hour of Slack?
No, it's not coming through here.
I hear that they showed that a little further south down around Daytona,
but right now it's more like the Wreck-A-Pum-Pum show that's on.
Well, I'm afraid it's a passive resistance.
It ain't going to be enough in Gainesville.
What are you doing in Gainesville, Florida, anyway?
Playing rock and roll.
And trying to convert the groupies for Bob.
Ah, yes, yes.
Actually, today is our first day off in about ten days,
and tomorrow night we play.
Tonight we've been just sort of roving around and worshiping.
Actually, you know, I have discovered a new delicacy through my tours
through the deep south here.
Uh-huh.
I have discovered aces high.
Wine.
Ace?
Well, Dr. Duncan, if you would just send your report on this new wine discovery in.
Aces high wine, huh?
Well, I tell you, you know, it reminds me of Cod's because once you drink a bottle,
you want to play poker in the rear and have liquor in the front.
Well, and on that note, dear friends, we'll have to close off with Cleve Duncan,
that terrible, nasty, mean man.
I'm sure none of you know what the heck he's talking about.
I don't know.




I certainly hope not because I do, and it's bad.
Well, praise Bob, Cleve.
You know, sometimes the spirit is willing.
But the.
That's about it.
Okay, well, praise Bob.
Well, Cleve, we're going to go now to Pastor Naked's amazing lecture on the before life
because we're doing a life after death show here,
and although you're.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.










Perfect example of the living dead.
I'm sure we better stick to the subject and head out and push you out the door of the airwaves.
Reverend saying the one final thing.
Anyone that wants to bring any donations, March 14th, I will be in the fine, fine city of Dallas, Texas.
Oh, March 14th, the Del Flegos.
All right.
Playing at, I don't know, someplace or other.
The Ritz.
Whatever that is.
They're tricking you, boy.
There ain't no Ritz around here.
That's where David Crosby got his Waterloo.
Oh, really?
Well, I guess.
That's right.
The historic site.
All right.
Well, in the meantime, let's have some slack, Cleve.
All right.
And praise Bob.
Help me, somebody.
Friends, this is Pastor Naked's to continue the life after death series because there is one,
but it ain't what you're expecting, folks.
This is Pastor Naked's facts about the before life.
Facts about the before life.
Facts about the before life.
Subgenius rebirth.
You were, will be there.
Intense anti-scrutiny of the Gnu Gnarnesis or the subgenius book of the living dead has
been underway for the past 12 years.
Church doctors in the Dobstown vaults have nearly completed their translation of this
most holy book in the Yeti Vita trilogy.
These self-same doctors, the Gnu Gnarnesis, have been under the subgenius book for the


last 12 years.
Inform us that many passages of this work are directly attributable to the brave and
enlightened Atlanteans.
Long time subscribers to the Stark Fist will recall our last report on this uber sacred
tomb tome about six years ago, number 22, volume 17.
We published Partying After Death by Dr. Siddhartha Niikatharsis.
As you knew, will know.
Subgenius souls, or nental essences, are volatile, brightly colored, and usually very
fast when they care to be.
They go where they want and are hard for others to control.
Souls of normals, however, are bland-looking pill-like beings.
Although in life, subs and norms are almost indistinguishable, after death this is a hard
mistake to make.
When it's a matter of time, you will know.

When a subgenius dies, the nental essence bursts from its meek prison.
Its massless seed careens in a pan-galactic journey, lasting but a moment of our time.
It usually returns once to make sure it's really dead before moving on to the before-life.
Due to a 10,000 year disinformation campaign by the Khan, a jaded stereotype of heaven
and hell is being pushed by the false churches.
In fact, there is little difference between the two.
Subgenii often commute between heaven and hell.
Interestingly, heaven is hotter than hell.
The seven suns which heat heaven make it many times hotter than the molten gaseous temperature
thresholds of brimstone.
When a subgenius decides to live again, he or she is not alone.
Each subgenius has a nental-life twin on the media plane.
Subgenius is a subgenius.



This is a revelation of the power of the subgenius.
Subgenius spiritual mastery is not maintained without struggle.
The subgenius must be vigilant and must hone his abnormality.
He must tithe the church.
Otherwise the nental essence loses its spark and the subgenius degenerates and dies normal.
This is a death worse than death.


When a normal dies, it exhausts all of its puny strength in a vain effort to hover near
the body it squandered.
A pale, shell-like entity soon is carried away by wind or other forces.
Being lighter than air, the pink, although they may be bland versions of other colors,
the pink soul drifts aimlessly.
Although pinkster souls are not as strong as the subgenius, they are as strong as the


nental souls, also known as plugs, due to tend to cluster.
The plugs are gathered up by cosmic agents, usually representing Jehovah One, who has
the largest franchise in this era.
The plugs are sprinkled into vats.
The vats have an energy source which melts the plug shells, making them bond together.
As new plugs continue to collect above, the normed souls' shapes and colors blend until
they resemble a lumpy stew.
Ultimately, the plugs form a clear slurry which drains from the vat.
This plasma can be used to form new souls, souls who have a chance to become new subgenia.
However, the plasma is also formed during sex, and the slurplugs is often sold as a
spaceship fuel additive.
These hedgemen are known to have been styled in such a vat by agents for their master.
The netherworld is a place where the netherworld is a place where the netherworld is a place
where the netherworld is a place where the netherworld is a place where the netherworld

The vats themselves are said to be relics left by the Elder Gods, forged for unguessed
motives.
Thus, normals cannot be said to have led past lives.
It was just...normal.
I'm Pastor Bucknaken, you can write to me at Post Office Box 140026 Dallas, Texas 75214.
I don't know you.


Send a dollar and I'll send you a package of wild stuff and my candy line.
I'll send you a package of wild stuff and my candy line.
Patterns unfamiliar, patterns leading through.
Two patterns of discovery, tracing out the clue.
Can you recognize the patterns that you find stuck in your mind?
In this land where stop and empty is hard.
Too far, you can rearrange the patterns so unkind.
Don't bother asking why, a pattern never dries.
The patterns never die, they just go on and on.
Patterns multiply, redirect our view.
Endless variations make it all seem new.
Can you recognize the patterns that you find?
Patterns unfamiliar, patterns leading through.


Can you recognize the patterns that you find stuck in your mind?


In this land where stop and empty is hard.
Too far, you can rearrange the patterns so unkind.
Don't bother asking why, a pattern never dries.
The patterns never die, they just go on and on.
The patterns never die, they just go on and on.
The patterns never die, they just go on and on.
Different advocacies.
People pass on them.
People accept each other.
People accept each other.
They are highly respected.

Elegant.
Perfect for the nation.



They're not masters.

This is for Subgeneuves Radio Ministry.
Your causes are what I told you before.






on KNON 9049 and the left excess.
Praise Bob.
They're here.
Some people believe that when people die,
there's a wonderful light,
as bright as the sun,
but it doesn't hurt to look into it.
All the answers to all the questions
that you ever want to know are inside that light.
And when you walk to it,
you become a part of it forever.
And then some people die,
but they don't know that they've gone.
They think they're still alive?
Yes.
Maybe they didn't want to die.
Maybe they weren't ready.
Maybe they hadn't lived fully yet,
or they'd lived a long, long time,
but they still...
they still wanted more life.
They resist going into that light,
however hard the light wants them.
They just...
they just hang around,
watch TV,
watch their friends grow up,
feeling unhappy and jealous,
and those feelings are bad.
They hurt.
And then...
and then...


some people...
just get lost on the way to the light.
And they need someone to guide them to it.
So, you know, I could talk about quantum mechanics.
I don't know if there's anybody in the audience
that's into quantum mechanics.
He was the best quantum mechanic in this old galaxy.
He could take a spaceship and strip it down
to its component parts within a few minutes.

in 27 milliseconds.
That's right, and you couldn't tell when he was doing it.
It was either there or it wasn't there.
And that's something I just don't understand.
How can it either be there or not there?
Why isn't there any in between?
Well, that's what we call escaping
from those Newtonian laws, Doctor.
Yes, escape velocity.
Is that what you're implying?
You can escape velocity, but not the need for veracity.
Look, if you're both a particle and a wave,
you're exhibiting a certain particle,
particulate-like behavior.
That behavior can be measured.
You're gonna collapse the wave function
into the wave implement.
Well, with that kind of wave front,
you suffer from the need to employ such a mechanism
in figuring things out in a two-dimensional type of scheme.
Maybe the listener knows about this.
Oh, those little glistening listeners
would never understand,
but what's that sound like, heavy breathing?
There's a lot of power.
It's a small room, but there's a...
There's something that sounds like a huge beast
drawing its scaly...
...coils along a stone floor in here.
Oh, I'm sure it's not Mimiko.
Oh, maybe it is Mimiko.
It's Mimiko's theme song.
Mimiko is the tiny monster,
not the giant dragon that causes such unseemly smells
and body sounds.
Her power equals the witness of others' times
their own number hundred.
Power, like any other dream, is both the act and the end.
Power like thousands of hydrogen bombs, eh, Doctor?
I'm the devil, Mr. Driscoll.
Yes, but no trigger.
No or no Roy Rogers, simply a stuffed effigy.
Lift that tail.
Bob.
But let's leave things of this world behind
and walk now down the path of Bob
for this brief minute of slack
from the Church of the Subgenius.
Bob is coming, friend, and you can take that literally,
because death for a subgenius hero
is merely a transfer over to the pleasure dimensions.
Now, unfortunately, many of us are not able to do that, but...
there's no water in Hell, friends.
There's fire!
And you can't get a drink, and you can't put out that fire.
And you have many, many lives in Hell.
It's reincarnation, just like here on Earth,
because Earth, you know, is just the top floor of Hell.
That's right!
You're in Hell right now!
You're in Hell now!
Of course, this is the part of Hell where you don't even know you're in Hell,
and when the demons mention it, you think they're kidding.
Oh, you'll find out.
Hell is the way of the universe, and you can find that out









because Hell is real!
And there's no water down there, friend.
They don't even have rock and roll in some parts of Hell.
And you can never win.
It's like a computer.
By definition, it cannot lose.
You can score real high, but sooner or later, it's gonna get you,
because they creep up on you, and that's the way it is here on Earth.
They creep up on you and try to get you all mixed up about Heaven and Hell.
Bob is coming, my friend, but when he's finished with that,
he's gonna be mad.
Let there be slack.
Lift that tail.
Perhaps it would be good to get a reading from Level 7, you know.
They need to know what's happening up here.
Down on Level 7, they think they've got the best type of facilities
and the best type of storage.
What is it really like down on that seventh level?
Well, in terms of the psychology, it's quite a simple case.
There's a neurotic aggression of childhood brought on by the stress of new conditions.
Yes, yes, yes.
That's all very interesting, but what's the gut feeling of being down there?
Well, I suppose it's just as well.
We all feel the same way that X-117 feels.
The storyteller.
Yes, he was the dark raven that courses in the blood,
the mysterious magnetic neon Indian who sometimes appears
above the milky cactus-studded landscape of the far west,
home of the grotesquely descended chukawalla, the piccolillo cactus,
and the starkly staring yuccapole.
Triceratops, magatherium.
I think I'll have a wiener right now.
Delicious, if you skin them first.
Tell us what the theme of tonight's show is.
Doctors still don't know.
The show that dare not even form out of a nebulous cloud of matter.
That's right. It's merely words now.
What was the resistance in freezing the taste?
Or we're talking or we're not talking.
Either you're listening or you're not listening.
There's no in-between.
There's no kind of...
Then after dark, the entire sky seemed alive with strange flying lights
that darted to and fro, performing impossible aerial maneuvers
with grace, speed, and ease.
What new challenge to credibility was to come with the dawn?
There's that creature again.
What happens to that star when its nuclear fuel is exhausted?
I don't know, but there's a big monster.
There's a monster in here with me and he's getting hungry.
I'm hungry.
Of 90% of its mass.
Take one of these pills.
Such an event. The catastrophic death.
Flying saucers are sleeping with your wife.
Flying saucers are your wife.
In just a few weeks they fade away from the UFOs.
There they go.
Flying saucers are flying with your industrials and the cattle are mutilated at the hands of a bear.
What made the noises like a teenager in heat?
Well, we don't know.
Those little UFOs, we just don't know what's going to be happening to these people.
They're going to be floating around in their lecherous little ocean pods.
Let's look at this. Chemical workers no longer needed.
No longer needed, friends.
Well, um...
ESA time from KON.
That's right.
KON 90.9 FM Community Radio.
Show your support for KON.
Get yourself or someone you love a KON tour jacket.
It's a lightweight jacket with KON in big bright letters on the back.
It's gray.
It'll look great in a variety of recreational situations.
To order, send check or money order for 35 bucks.
Indicate your size.
Small, medium, large, extra large.
And mail it to...
KON.
Tour jacket.
Department 139.
Post office box 141.199.
That was 141.199, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Okay, we heard a little while ago...
We heard, first of all, facts about the before life between the First Church of Mr. Science and the First Naked Church.
And then we heard of Devo.
And they did a little tune called...
Patterns.
Patterns.
Patterns off the fourth album.
One of those records.
Right.
The ones where they're posing with a bunch of potatoes.
Yeah.
And we're gonna read the phone numbers now and invite you to call 823-8883, 823-8801, or 823-7490.
Quickly, once again, 823-8883, 823-8801, or 823-7490.
That's right, friends, and we don't want to hear your funny Bob jokes.
I don't want to have to go into my rant about how this isn't a joke again.
We want to hear your true life experiences of inexplicable weirdness, friends.
And alien contact.
Yeah, praise Bob.
Yes, they can go backwards and forwards at the same time.
Yes, they're so loud.
That's the quantum world.
Yes.
Man from Earth.
Once you recognize that, you have to back up in time a long ways before you can actually see what it is.
It is true.
There's no such thing as time in this kind of a reaction.
It's either there or it's not there.
It's a state of positive, a state of non-positive.
Yes, Doctor.
We have achieved time control.
We've achieved time control in our little rocket.
You've got to understand that the Pauli Exclusion Principle precludes any of these.
Pauli Exclusion.
Yes, it precludes any of us from having the same quantum numbers.
Pauli Exclusion.
In our rocket, we've managed to...
That's why we have such a hot ring of electrons.
...electrons at the outer parts of a station.
And we achieved time control in this fashion.
But what about all our listeners who aren't able to achieve time control?
Yes, and what about the effects of jamming?
There are the lowest and less energetic levels, the valence bands of the listenership.
Now see, friends, what quantum mechanics tells us is that for every ironclad rule of physics, you'll always find an exception.
In my opinion, it's because our idea of physical laws has so far been limited to one.
It's because of what we, us poor pitiful human beings, can see and measure.
We wouldn't be able to measure the physical properties past our limited wavelength, so to speak.
There could be a whole secondary law of physics.
It mostly holds sway on a level that we don't normally perceive, but it bleeds over into our world occasionally.
More so for some than others, friends.
Now, I'm not at all psychic, but that's probably because, like most Americans, I'm closed off from latent vestigial laws.
I'm open tocome to тест my magic on anything that actually ever existed.
You'd be all kind of surprised but then you would have a sense of the darker end of the curve,
It would probably be a feeling that, like a flcome, could have
Because of that few laws, you come to a full assumption that your uncle can become higher and unable to have any investigation into your criminal experience using our sensors.
for granted, but it actually works!
I've met a couple of transmediums in my time, and people who sort of had one foot in the other world.
Friends, it's not always good for you, because if you do have to mess with the empire's God
you'd better plan not to get into the можем
gets in too deep.
The problem with we humans in dealing with the gods, so to speak, is that we don't
give ourselves enough credit.
Now without us, where would they be?
You know, I mean, they're a force of nature and we're a force of nature.
Which is more destructive, friends, all the poltergeists and tribal deities on Earth or
the Kerr-McGee company?
Huh?
I mean, which is killed off more mountain gorillas?
Which can poison the entire atmosphere by pushing a bunch of buttons?
So you know, friends, you can afford to believe in the gods and the lesser gods and the mediocre
gods and the just plain minor random-minded spirits, because you have to admit you're
on a team.
Us humans are a team that in some ways has the upper hand.
The gods don't possess nuclear weapons.
Huh?
The saucer people don't even possess nuclear weapons.
We're the only ones who can totally destroy us.
And doesn't that make you proud to be a human friend?
Part of the team that's able to unleash more destructive force than all combined demons,
Greek gods, ghosts, UFOs, etc. in history?
Doesn't that make you feel a lot better, friends?
Well, we're going to go to the phones.
And we've got supposedly a true Poltergeist report here.
Listener, can you hear us?
Hold it.
Listener?
Yeah?
Gary?
Please.
Is this Gary?
Please, relate to us your strange tale.
Well, it happened last year sometime, and I was coming back from work with a friend
of mine.
We were just going to sit and watch a movie for a little while because we were bored.
And this thing is a little more than that.



isn't anything super fantastic, but I was just sitting here watching this movie, and
I kept hearing this fan in my sister's room turn on and off.
And I was thinking, well, my sister's home, you know?
Yeah.
And after a while, I went back there, and I noticed she wasn't there, and I was thinking,
well, how can that fan turn on and off?
I mean, you know, those aren't supposed to happen, right?
Yeah.
And I just, you know, blown it off for a while, and went back out and watched it.
Elvira movie, or whatever it was.
Some thing about robots.
That shows you what kind of taste in movies those creatures have.
Yeah.
But it just kept turning on and off, and finally I just got frustrated, and went in there and
shut the thing off when it was on, and I went back out.
And it turned on again, and I unplugged it.
That's when it stopped, you know?
No.
It wasn't anything fancy.
Nothing.
After that, it didn't...
Well, did this ever repeat itself?
No.
No?
Was there anyone in the household at the time who was undergoing severe emotional trauma,
especially a young teenage girl?
No.
I have a reason for asking that.
Yeah, I know.
I've read a little on something like that.
Yeah.
Huh.
Well, that one sounds kind of fluky.
We had a great saint in the subgenius church.
A saint tentatively a convenience once had a really peculiar electrical phenomena experience
where he was in a tunnel underneath.
It was like a place where they partied, this tunnel underneath the Baltimore train systems.
And they had the problem of machines switching on and off inexplicably.
And one afternoon when they were down there, two people saw this.
It was like a blue string of light.
It was like a blue string of light.
It was almost like a blue string of light.
It was almost like a worm made of light that floated an exact one inch off of the wall
and just slowly traveled along this wall.
But as it came to things like pipes and ducts, it would move around those in this very precise manner
as if it was being controlled or something.
It's just another one of those things where there's absolutely no explanation
and all you can do is kind of scratch your head and hope maybe your grandkids know what it is.
And you can't do anything about it.

But anyway, thanks for sharing that hideous weirdness with us.
We got another call here.
I guess we ought to try that one.
Oh, okay.
And do you have any other comments?
Well, what freaked me out was it's like the rational mind couldn't accept it
and it wanted to withdraw into a womb-like state of rational thinking,
but it couldn't do that because what I was taught was those things weren't supposed to happen.
So it was like turning over on itself trying to figure it out.
Well, that's one reason why we're doing this show.
All right.
Well, friend, we're going to go to the other one.
Praise Bob.
Thank you.
Okay.
Praise Bob.
Dead listener?
Try that again.
Hello?
No, chickened out.
Well, friends, we're going to go back to the world of the beyond.
Noids.
Noids.

Which one?
That one.
It's like some kind of vision.
I've never seen before.
It was like wagon wheel coming out of the sky.
And I was sitting on the porch with Aunt May.
She said, what is it, boy?
What is it?
And I said, I don't know, man.
I swear to God, I don't know.
But I just said, praise Bob.
You know, if Bob says something,
then it's...
Wall climbing.
Walk.
Was it?
Wall climbing.
Was it?
Wall climbing.
Well, I was wall climbing.
I was wall climbing.
And that's what Bob said to do.
That's what Bob told me to.
I was wall climbing.
And, uh...
And, uh...
I...
I...
I get...
I get...
Real scared, Bob.
Because, uh...
I've seen them.
I've seen them before.
But there's more of them now.
And, uh...
Because there's lots more.
They're floating in the air.
And they're living in the wood.
And the rocks and everything.
And they're...
They're always kind of...
laughing and...
and, uh...
killing and laughing and...
all the time.
Duncan Lunan of the British Interplanetary Society
has interpreted the signals as a message from the space probe.
A message from a dying planet in Epsilon Bootes.
Now, many groups who claim to be in contact with Space Brothers
say that those selfsame aliens have the ability
to dampen or smother our nuclear arsenal
before it can be exploded.
But why would the UFOs save us, friends?
Just so they can go on mutilating our prize heifers?
Eh?
Oh, no, friends.
We Earth mortals have a much bigger say in our destiny
than ever we did when we...
believed in the nature spirits.
But then, you know,
if the weird forces ever did need to get after us,
think what they could do.
Oh, they're as high-tech as we are, if they want to be.
Your average modern-day poltergeist or haint
can turn on appliances,
load video decks, and so on.
Now, what if, friend,
a distressed nuclear weapons engineer
were to commit suicide in a missile silo,
which would henceforth
be...
haunted by the etherical astral body
of the leftover embittered lower soul,
which was too confused to stick with its higher counterpart
and go to heaven.
So it stays around half in our reality,
trying to make contact, but unable to,
and finally driven mad while gaining experience
in discharging electrical circuitry
by sheer poltergeist hate force.
So, see, or it could get into a radar,
and it could be a radar view screen at NORAD
and appear as blips on radar
like incoming Russian missiles.
Oh, friends, did you ever wonder
what a nuclear blast would do to your soul?
If ever there was something
that could erase parts of more than one reality,
it's that.
So maybe the ghosts are worried about nuclear weapons, too.
Maybe it would even destroy them.
But we'll find out, come Omicron-Epsilon, friends,
the time intersection,
when this universe...
intersects with the backwards time stream universe
in the year 2178,
and the images of the Akashic Records become flesh,
and your weirdest dreams come to rampaging life.
Ever see Forbidden Planet, friends?
That's what happened to the super race of aliens
in that movie.
And it's what happened to the Elder Gods
who forced us to build Atlantis
in the days of the Yeti.
Yes, friends, Omicron-Epsilon,
the vision beholding Atlantis,
is a subgenius prophecy.
We'd better hope Bob's with us on that day, my friends,
and you better hope he finds the twins
with the scissors of sight, whatever that means.
And if not, well, the negative universe leaks over.
And, friend, when was the last...
When was the last time you had you
a big old steaming hot bowl of wolf brand antimatter?
Well, that's too long.
These are ghoulish thoughts,
friends, morbid, morbid thoughts,
and I dare not dwell upon these things any longer
lest we give our spirit audience big ideas.
You know, we subgenius doctors and shamans
are always making crazy suggestions,
and damn, if somebody doesn't always come along
and carry them out.
But that's religion for you, friends.
It's like showbiz.
It may be terrible, but the show must go on,
and since this religion is largely composed
of showbiz and sales, it's even more like that.
Praise Bob!
Told the judge.
Huh!
E-I-I-I-I!
The only thing, if we can make the show sound bad enough...
Oh, yes, dear friends, and...
That's, um...
That music, by the way, there, is by Mark Mothersbaugh.
It's called Music for Insomniacs.
And we're gonna try to go to the phone lines one more time here.
Um, yeah, go ahead and give me a...
Hit that one.
Hey!
Oh, hello.
Hello!
Jadine?
Yeah.
You're on.
Give it to us.
Okay, hello, this is Jadine.
And, um, I just got on my call a little while ago
and heard them talking on the radio about life after death.
Praise Bob.
And renewed life.
Oh, yeah.
And it was real appropriate,
because I just got through helping these people
pull a cat out of an engine of an automobile.
And cats have nine lives now.
But this cat's life on this plane is gone.
How tragic.
And it was real sad to me, um,
you know, to have to do this.
And so it was real appropriate,
and, you know, it gave me the life, the heart,
and to keep on.
I mean, I know we all do, we miss dude.
Well, thanks for sharing that with us,
and I'm sure our radio audience...
Huh?
What?
What did you do with the cat?
Oh, he was in the fan belt and pulled him out.
I just covered him until the people came to,
you know, the animal shelter came to help him out.
Well, why don't you bring him...
There's hungry people in this world.
Why don't you bring him by the Subgenius Free Kitchen?
And we'll, uh...

We'll, uh...
So thanks for sharing that with us.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, thank you.
Thank you, dear listener.
Well, see, friends,
that's...
There's people...
Hungry people in this world,
and that cat that got chewed up in that fan belt
could have fed the whole family of subgeniuses.
Uh...
You can bring your old pets down to the Subgenius Free Kitchen.
Oh, listen to the hum of those phone lines.
Showtime.
Bad enough.
There is no death.
It is only a transition
to a different sphere of consciousness.
It brings us once again to the urgent realization
of just how much there is still left to own.
Item six on the agenda,
the meaning of life.
Now, uh, Harry, you've had some thoughts on this.
That's right.
Yeah, I've had a team working on this over the past few weeks.
And, uh, what we've come up with can be reduced to two fundamental concepts.
One, people are not wearing enough hats.
Two, matter is energy.
In the universe, there are many energy fields
which we cannot normally perceive.
Some energies have a spiritual source
which act upon a person's soul.
However, this soul does not exist to ab initio,
as Orthodox Christianity teaches.
It has to be brought into existence
by a process of guided self-observation.
However,
this is rarely achieved owing to man's unique ability
to be distracted from spiritual matters
by everyday trivia.
What was that about hats again?
Oh, uh, people aren't wearing enough.
Is this true?
Certainly. The hat sales have increased,
but not peripersuers. Our research initially...
But wouldn't they enough? Enough for what purpose?
Can I just ask with reference to your second point?
When you say souls don't develop because people become distracted,
has anyone noticed that building there before?
Oh, oh, friends, yes, that building is...
That's the K-N-O-N building being dragged down your street.
And that's gonna be the only way you'll hear K-N-O-N
if you don't support this station, friends.
As we won't be able to afford a transmitter,
we'll have to have the volunteers dragging the building
and the people who are going to be there.





And we're dealing with ropes and tractors
up and down the streets of East Dallas
broadcasting from loudspeakers on the roof.
Uh, so,
the pledge drive is gonna be coming up
and we're, we're, we're...
Oh, we're gonna be ready.
And, um, and...
The harvest.
Uh, yes. The harvest.
So, uh, we're coming close to
wrapping up this hour of slack.
And there's one last, uh, inspirational
song here, also from the
Monty Python movie, The Meaning of Life,
which we just played a, uh, little
clip from. See, they did actually have the
Meaning of Life buried within that song.
Is there a sperm to save her? Uh, no, no.
No, this is the, the Cosmic Song.
Oh, too bad, Buck.
Listen to this.
Whenever life gets you down,
Mrs. Brown,
and things seem hard or
tough, and
people are stupid,
obnoxious or daft,
and you feel
that you've had
quite enough!
Just
remember that you're
standing on a planet that's evolving
and revolving at
900 miles an hour
that's orbiting
at 90 miles a second,
so it's reckoned, a sun
that is the source of all our power.
Oh, the sun
and you and me, and all the stars
that we can see, are
moving at a million miles
a day.
In an outer spiral arm at
40,000 miles an hour,
of the galaxy we call
the Milky Way.
Our galaxy
itself contains a hundred billion
stars. It's a hundred
thousand light years side to side.
It
bulges in the middle, sixteen thousand
light years thick, but out by
us it's just three thousand light years
wide.
We're thirty thousand light years
from galactic central point.
We go round every two hundred
million years.
And our galaxy is only
one of millions of billions
in this amazing and expanding
universe.
The Universe
itself keeps on expanding
and expanding in all of the
directions it can whiz.
As fast
as it can go, the speed
of light you know, twelve
million miles a minute, and that's
the fastest speed there is. So
remember when you're feeling very
small and insecure,
how amazingly unlikely
is your birth.
And play the dance, intelligent
life, somewhere up in space
cause there's bugger all.
I'm here on Earth.
.

.
Oh yes friends, and so
the hour of slack comes
bubbling and boiling to its
bitter end. But you're so
insignificant, doesn't it? Yes.
It is. Yeah. It certainly makes
me feel insignificant sometimes.
So um.
.
Oh, I'm so
insignificant. Oh wait a minute, I've got a tape of
you telling me to get out of here. Maybe I should
play that, Norm. Sure. Can you?
No, no, you go ahead. Why don't you
let's see, what was the line? Will
somebody please take Reverend Stang
out of here, I believe.
Well friends. No, no,
the line is, get that
guy out of here!
.
Oh yes, and so
without the sign off music, the beautiful
sign off music, friends, we're gonna say
if you need to write to the Church of the Subgenius
and I know that you do,
please, please write to Bob
at P.O. Box 140306
Dallas, Texas
75214.
.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob,
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob,
Where'd mine go?
Where'd mine go?
Listen to this friends,
it starts to,
Pastor Naked's trying, we're fighting
the phones all the way down the line.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
. .
.
. . .
. . .
. . .
.
.
.
.
.
.
