What, what, what?
The station's full of aliens.
And I'm sick to my stomach.
Look at this thing.
A fetus.
They've changed the way the boards are set up.
Yes, my friends, but we will persevere
because this is the hour of slack
on which we can only but, but seek
to find that which will play our takes.
Dr. Smith, radio operator.
I'm gonna bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
No trouble.
Get set, let's go and aim.
According, everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Oh, yeah.
Yes, dear friends, this is hour of slack number 1021.
Except that it's really a rerun of, get this,
hour of slack number three.
Yes, the third show.
Ever done.
And it was done 20 years ago this month
in early November 1985.
And it was done at the once good Dallas station, K-N-O-N,
the day after a big subgenius revival at a bar
called the Twilight Room.
It was a Halloween revival, which we called the Scary Ball.
And it was a show that starred Doctors for Bob
and Brother Cleve Duncan
and all sorts of guests from out of town,
some of whom were in the studio
for this third hour of slack,
including the baby Gary Gabrog-Fran
from the Puzzly Evidence Show,
the baby Dr. G. Gordon Gordon
in for Dobstown 3 in Brazil,
and the baby Dr. Onan Canobite,
all of them in the studio.
And we had really good,
good tapes of Doctors for Bob
live in concert the night before.
And you'll hear yours truly,
Reverend Ivan Stang, as a baby
and all hoarse from preaching
and confused at being a DJ at the mixing board
because it was only my third time.
I was 32.
An infant.
Still, friends, it proves the rock-steady
historical bedrock of slack.
It's so as evidenced by this ancient show
and then 20 years later,
this great music behind me,
which I'm playing right now,
which is from the new album
by the Flying Ryan Brothers
called Blue Marble.
Incredible instrumental dual guitar music
by these Flying Ryan Brothers.
Friends, you can get more information
about that from,
uh, ryanetics.com.
Uh, yes.
Sort of like Dianetics,
but it's the Ryan Brothers.
R-Y-A-N.
Ryanetics.com.
Uh, yes.
And, uh, so prepare yourself
to go back in time 20 years
to Hour of Slack number three.
R-Y-A-N.
Welcome, potential initiates,
and remain with us
for the next 30 minutes.
Mob?
Mob?

The message is now part of
and registered in your subconscious mind
every time you say,
see, hear, or think.
What about slack?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message
without your being aware of it.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry
Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang,
sacred scribe of the First Orthodox
Megafist Temple Lodge
of the Church of the Subgenius
with Pastor Buck Naked
of the First Naked Church of the Subgenius.
The opinions,
the opinions expressed
are not necessarily those
of this radio station.
Before the sermon,
a message concerning Bob Dobbs,
living avatar of slack,
and saint of silence
on planet Earth.
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling
that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes, your time shall triumph.
Now, at last,
the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it.
The only faith that promises
action, thrill, success in sex and business.
Bring your weirdest dreams
to rampaging life.
Stand erect for your own abnormality.
Stand erect for your own abnormality.
This is a way of life to millions
Yet half of it don't even know it.
Is the one, true, living Slack Master
With spiritual know-how
to help you
bash through the locked doorway
to financial heaven.
spiritual know-how
He is the one, real shortcut to Slack.
Ehhh
Heeewww
Heeejar crack

will see another to mention
on your TV.
Just fear a sharpest of removal no longer,
just fear a sharpest of removal no longer,
Become physically attractive overnight.
Attain status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
Bob's promise is to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior.
To explore new ways of going over the edge.
And coming right back.
Plus, bring back those who couldn't make it on their own.
To help you create the highest possible earnings.
From the psychodynamics of abnormality.
To turn conspiracy and blinded personality disorders around.
And channel them into an illusion of creativity.
That will fool normals and get you sex.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Ah, yes, it's the hour of slack.
Welcome, welcome once again.
And yes, after the usual slow takeoff, it's hard to get these shows off the ground.
Especially when you're at the very end of your so-called rope.
And indeed we are, folks, because we, if any of you were at the amazing subgenius masquerade scary ball last night at the Twilight Room.
There's more rope in here.
We came to show off the ground.
We're gonna make it big.
Yes.
No, there's no, you can use chewing gum and stuff.
That's the way this station is held together.
And, oh, this station is on KNON 99.9 FM in Dallas, Fort Worth and Arlington.
Put one right in this, in this, in this thing.
This, yeah, this body shrimp.
Now, who are you?
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
There's this, there was only supposed to be one person on this show.
And all of a sudden we've got shows from San Francisco and Brazil and Tennessee.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.




And we've walked in to the radio tabernacle here in Dallas, Texas.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Dear friends.
Reach for those checkbooks.
We're so.
That's right.
Reach for those checkbooks.
But you can't write that check to the subgenius foundation because we can't pray for money over the air.
That's right.
With this FCC license.
But, but we can pray for you to send money to this station.
But we can ask you to bring all those things down to the stations now.
Yeah, more of those things.
The things that you keep in your drawers.
That's right.
That's right.
Those little things that you don't want the.
You're not supposed to talk about drawers on this radio station.
Okay.
We're a broke fan.
Keep in the bloomers.
Bring those things.
Yeah.
Bloomers.
That's it.
Okay.
Yes.
Bring those things, ladies and gentlemen.
And your parents.
Tell your parents to listen right now because this is going to be the most offensive piece
of radio you've ever heard in Dallas, Texas.
Let's try.
We'll, we'll try.
We'll be.
Let's put it that way.
Strangely enough, somehow the show has ended up with a number of subgenius celebrities.
Celebrity guests.
That's right.
Dr.
Gary Gabrog, friend, star of the amazing subgenius show in Berkeley, California, which you will
be hearing on and off in a most confusing manner as we, as we slowly fade in.
Oh, wait.
What?
What?
The collars?
Are there?
We finally got collars here.
Thanks, folks.
We're not going to cover anything.
Poor girl.
She's in a bubbling vat of jokes.
We're going to throw a tarp over it and protect it from the elements.
Yeah, we may throw a tarp over it, but we probably, that's all we'll cover.
This young lady has the jokes.
All day.
Yeah.
She's soaking in the jokes.
We're going to use them.
We're going to use them.
We're stationed right now.
We'll cover you up with something soft and warm, too.
We're going to have to reverse the charger.
This is a tarp that's been soaked in water.
You're already covered?
Well, yeah, good.
She has one of those champions.
Actually, you know, a lot of depilatories can help in these.
She was covered pretty well, but maybe not.
With these more dishes, they're covered by the horrible fur that the KPFH gives to each
of their customers.
My screen.
Don't yell.
It's the only phone you have.
My screen's dark.
Okay, there we go.
What's happening to my picture?
Okay, that's very broad.
I don't know.
You could have been talking to that last caller instead of us.
I'd be up and forget about it all myself.
Listen, caller.
I'll give you the previous caller's phone number.
All these guys are dreams in my head.
There's a storm in here.
I'm getting cold.
I don't like it.
I'm in the dark.
I do like it.
I want to go home.
This is the most miserable thing I've ever seen.
It's joyous.
I can't even see Mobius Rex now.
It's as dark as a poor little bit.
Bit.
Bit.
Bit.
Bit.
We're having some more serious, serious technical difficulties.
We seem to be colliding with shows from other states.
It's so hard.
We've got to drag this show out into the big part of the auditorium.
No, no, no.
It's illegal to get this show out on the street in Dallas.
Buck and I were almost arrested last week for driving this show up and down Central.
It's so hard.
What is this?
The story with this station.
At least they could give us air in here.
Well, it may not be entirely their problem, Dr. Gabrog, friend.
It may be the fact that we've also...




We've also got subgeniuses in this room from as far away as, yes, Brazil.
The incredible and rather disgusting Brazilian clench has been represented.
See, when we do a show at the Twilight Room, oh, people in Dallas.
People in Dallas, oh, they can't...
They don't always make it, but people from Knoxville, Tennessee, Santa Barbara, oh, Brazil of South America.
So we got the Dr. G. Gordon Gordon, mercenary of slack from the...
Dobstown 2 plantation and zombie skull farm in Brazil.
Welcome, Dr. G. Gordon Gordon.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Yes, he's by far got the classiest accent of any subgenius.
Thank you, thank you.
And you see, these creatures that have entered this station are actually fallout from the incredible devival.
And it was a devival last night.
It was really...
I feel thoroughly devived, Gary.
Yes.
I could just use a bit more, just a bit more of that liquid slack.
Pass another cup over here.
Here, here's a half-pound ton of slack.
Yeah, for those of you who were at the show last night at the Twilight Room and couldn't hear it,
we do have the amazing tapes that were recorded there.
So we will be cutting...
That's what we're saying.
No, no, that's why we're here, for people giving us things.
And we want people to bring those things down to the station.
Yeah, this is a religion of...
We're asking forgiveness of everything.
We want forgiveness from you for us and hate from you for the conspiracy.
That's right.
The conspiracy that makes you not understand what we're talking about.
Because if it weren't for them, why?
There'd be nothing on the air in Dallas except subgenius shows.
And you may groan to think such a nightmarish thought, but actually the...
We've decided...
Yeah, listen to them.
Even the...
Even the subgenius doctors themselves in terrible, terrible pain.
We're near death here, and believe me, we can't just ask you to walk out and kill normals.
We can't ask you to do that kind of thing on this station.
We can't ask you to do what would be the rightful work of Dobbs.
No, because it's against the law.
It's against the law for us to do those things.
Gary, would you get the show off Reverend Onan's foot?
I think it's perfect.
Oh, man.
The show...
I don't want to touch that show.
You know what happened last time I stuck my finger in the show?
Oh, no.
Well, friends, we don't want to be talking about that.
There's just something wrong.
But we do also have Dr. Onan Canobite of the amazing subgenius band, Dr. Onan's Wotan Band,
as well as the famous occupant.
Yes.
Yeah, there.
Yes, you can hear.
Now, Dr. Onan is only a tape recording.
And yet at the same time...
See, we've got a crowded show tonight.
We have over 100 guests.
Over 10,000.
And too many listeners.
I don't think that we can cram the show into that many radios.
I don't think it'll...
Just line up and keep it quiet here.
I haven't got enough room.
It's going to thin out.
Right.
If we try to reach too many listeners, it'll just dilute it.
Now, a subgenius church can be a franchise in your own area.
And it's also called, in church jargon, it's called a clench.
It's called a clench.
Now, Onan was the one who figured out, who started his own solo...
A little.
...clench.
A little.
And it's schismed all over itself.
So tell us about that.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
That's what you're most famous for in town.
I want you to know that.
Schism.
I see.
Yes.
I didn't see the schism in the way.
The solos, the stark fist acting upon a solo clench, resulting in ultimate schism.
And friends, you know, most of these religions...
...most of these religions...
...they indulge in tremendous infighting between denominations.
We encourage infighting between denominations.



That's true.
No two subgenius denominations should ever dominate one another, especially not if they're the same.
And if any two subgeniuses are the same, one must die.
That's true.
Because this is...it's different.
You know what I mean?
I was going to ask, Dr. Onan, were you the one that had the first church in the round, the circumschism?
No, that was just hearsay, just rumor.
That was just a joke.
Oh, it's reverend hearsay.
Yes, I remember that.
Reverend hearsay.
These are the kind of things that we can't say out loud.
You see, we're going to be on a radio station, KPFA in Berkeley, California.
These are the kind of guests that we can't have on our station.
Yes, but K-N-O-N is a non-station, you see.
And because of that, we can get away with things that they would never suspect anyone of, especially not us.
But we're going to...we've got to...the problem is...
Lucky track recordings.
...we have so many great tapes that we can play for you, all by subgeniuses.
Ah, yes.
And you would think...
Now, I don't want to hear a bunch of amateur garage bands, but...
You see, music by subgeniuses could include, and let me name drop, boys, let me name drop.
Music by subgeniuses could include George Clinton, Devo, Ernest Tubbs, and even Dr. Onan Canabite, who is here and whose tape we are about to play now.
You can buy this tape, friends, from the Subgenius Foundation, but it's against the law for us to tell you that.
So turn off your tape recorders.
And indulge in a little, and after Dr. Onan's, I think we'll be flipping Wellmans out and going into the next little Wellman of the revival, the Scary Ball revival.
Last night, thank you, dear friends.
Oh, yes.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Yes, dear friends, that was the amazing Dr. Onan.
Well, that was actually Occupat.
And they're a panting bunch.
Now hold it.
What was that?
Clown the ballerina here and there.
Clown the ballerina everywhere.
Oh, no, that's not.
That was mean.
Why'd you do that to that little girl?
You've got to get the babies out of this room.
It's hard to find a place to sit or walk.
You guys act like a bunch of babies.
What are you doing on the air?
A bunch of stinky little subgenius rats.
Well, what about Roo Mouse and what about Paul's kitty?
Well, it's also illegal to talk about California deities in Texas, Dr. Gbrog.
Friend, there's only room for so many religions in this corporate state.
What happened to ecumenism?
Whatever happened?
I mean, how come we got California deities and Texas deities?
Is this a state church?
What is the problem here?
Exactly what?
I can't.
I can't worship Bohandas and the radio station.
All hail Roo Mouse and Bohandas.
And we shouldn't be peeking out the meter so badly.
Yeah, but what about Bob?
What about Slack and what about the conspiracy?
What about them?
Yeah.
The conspiracy.
The conspiracy has given me so much more than Bob ever gave to me.
Yeah, it's true.
The conspiracy does pay better than Bob Dobbs or, for that matter, almost any other religious savior.
But the conspiracy isn't.
It's not quite as much fun.
And we had a...
Did you get the check in the mail?
Yeah, I got the check.
You see what I mean, folks?
Go tell Stang.
I just...
Go tell me.
The Bob said came down and said the check's in the mail and I haven't heard from him since.
You guys are going to have to talk to doctors for Bob about that.
Hey, where's my...
Okay.
Well, folks, for those of you who weren't at the scary ball last night, that's too bad.
But for those who were and still couldn't hear it because of the strange acoustics that go with rock and roll,
performances, we are bringing in some beautiful lilting melodies from Doctors for Bob,
most of whom could not be here tonight.
Some of them are lost in the station and we're digging through these boxes of cassettes.
I want to say I just stepped on Buck.
That's right.
Oh, poor Buck.
It's okay, Buck. Get up. You'll be all right.
Okay.
Well, the Twilight Room, we'll just go ahead and play this lovely...
Just remember, if you'd been there last night, you'd be changed.
But we're going to start off...
We're going to start off with a religious gospel hymn from Doctors for Bob called,
You can't, and that is can't, hide from God.
Because he's meaner than you.
You can't hide from God.
Because he's bigger than you.
Help me, somebody.
You can't hide from God.
Because he's bigger than the whole universe.
Help me, somebody.
You cannot hide from God.
Because he's bigger...
Because he's bigger...
Because he's bigger than all reality.
Help me, somebody.
You cannot hide from God.
You cannot run from your own legs.
Is there a person in this place tonight who can run from their own legs?
Yes.
Cuz I'm also love.'
Are you going to go ask him toこれ to you tonight?

I think it will be fun if you do thatball, inside his bed.
Yes.
That's what I'm going to do.









It's something that we do when we get home.
Hey, what's the details?
What's the info that's going on here like I said?
There's positive in there?


Why do you think our own eyes are there?
I don't know.

You cannot see your own eyes, you cannot run from your own legs, you cannot hide from God.
Help me somebody. She ain't got no legs, my legs on fire.
They're a problem, my mind's still okay.
Right side.
You cannot wet water.
How you gonna wet water?
You can throw water on it, that's gonna make more water.
You cannot wet water, you cannot see your own eyes.
You cannot run from your own legs.
You cannot wet water.
You cannot wet water.
You cannot wet water.
You cannot wet water.
You cannot wet water.
You cannot wet water.
You cannot wash soap.
It's already the cleanest substance on earth.
You cannot do salt and hash and put the yeast together and try to wash soap.
You cannot wash soap.
You cannot wet water.
You cannot see your own eyes, you cannot run from your own legs.
You cannot hide from God.
Help me somebody. She ain't got no legs.
My legs.
They're on fire.
My God.
Help me somebody.
They're a problem.
They need some help, but I ain't a clear.
Oh, ho, ho.
A lovely hymn.
Yes, indeedy.
I mean, here.
We got so much stuff we could play here.
It's just...
It's pathetic, doctor.
It's all pathetic stuff.
That's the problem.
That was 112 more guests.
We got people waiting outside the station.
Been waiting outside for three days just to get on this show.
Just the two minutes that they want to say,
Hi, Mom, or Hi, Bob, or...
Hello, Kitty.
Yeah, they think Bob might be...
Hi, girls.
Yeah, we'll have to...
Buck says we have to do that on.
Oh, Buck's such a stickler for FCC details.
Go ahead.
You would be, too, if you had the problems of this station.
That's true.
That's true.
There's demons attacking this...
That's right.
There are...
Let me tell them about that demon, okay?
Okay.
Yeah, just...
Just refer to it as a demon just in case.
I...
I...
I hate that old demon.
That demon, he got...
He got to my mistress and left her in the back of my Mark IV Continental with eight sleeping pills in her and the motor running and that.
I...
I hate that old demon.
That demon...
I went to the store to buy shoes for the children and come back and I go into a trance and a fog comes over my mind and I'm like, whoa.
Hey, hey, hey.
The shoes was in the back of the...
It was gone from the back of the car and there's just three empty liquor bottles back there and I...
I...
I hate that old demon.
Funny.
Funny.
You know, you shouldn't have married that demon, Buck, if that's the case.
Yeah.
Shouldn't have hired that demon, Buck.
Yeah.
Shouldn't be paying taxes to that demon.
You shouldn't have gotten him...
You shouldn't have just signed that contract with that demon.
If the laws in this county were any better, you wouldn't even ever have the bail...
You shouldn't have hired that demon.
Okay, but by the way...
You shouldn't have filled out that job application for that demon, Buck.
You signed up for that beautiful little...
Okay, Buck.
Well, it ain't straight up yet.
It ain't straight up yet.
Well, just a moment.
We'll...
Don't worry, Buck.
They got bills for that.
That's right.
It'll be soon.
Now, we gotta...
That's right, friends.
We gotta tell you what...
Where we are until it's straight up.
Yeah, and...
And you can help, friends, if you can just stimulate your radio enough.
That's right.
Put your hand on that radio and...
Love.
Love.
Love.
Love.

Put your hands on the radio.
And if you turn on a...
Feel the power.
The healing power come through.
That's right.
You can feel the power of your radio warming your hand up and that's...
Okay, close enough.
You gotta get...
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute, Buck.
We're playing it.
We're still scared.
We're still scared.
We're still scared and we're still doing a show.
It's scary in here.
There's something weird going on in this station.
Wait till...
The show!
The show is going on!
Let's see it.
Hey, man, there's something wrong with the wiring on this show and the wiring...
That's the thing is for hiding.
Uh, what did you say, Bob?
I said...
Good Lord!
What's to lose?
A little time?
Hurt your ego a little bit, baby?
You probably got time you're wasting on Mickey Mouse stuff now, so that's no big deal.
So why not?
So why not?
Why not make a new beginning in your life and see what'll happen?
I don't know.
You don't know.
And you will never know.
You have signed the application.
You do have the kit.
None of those things are important.
But there is a point in your life when you've got to just stop talking about it.
And you've got to stop worrying about what your friends and neighbors and relatives and uncles and aunts and sisters and brothers and everybody else is going to say about it.
Because nobody else is going to pay your bills for you.
Why not?
You don't know.
And you will never know.
And who knows?
Just maybe.
Just maybe.
You could have one of the biggest.
I don't know.
But even more important, you don't know.
And you will never know.
You will never know.
Just maybe.
You're in for a new and exciting experience.
You have signed the application.
Well, have you got your pipe through the mail?
Or are you going to write in and get your pipe?
I'm still waiting for the cast.
The cast?
Well, the cast is all here, unfortunately.
They'll be outside your house to sing a song about 8 o'clock this morning.
Actually, we're expecting Vic Morrow, too.
Yeah, he's going to be starring in all the body parts.
Oh, he dropped out.
I just want to know, you guys are very informative tonight, but I want to know, what planet are we on?
Oh, me too.
We aren't planning this.
This is, uh...
Oh, it's all planned.
Bob, look.
Go ahead and admit.
See, look, look.
Page.
Page.
A plan and a conspiracy.
Look, I'm on page 16.
It says, Lady Calls Talks About Chili.
I mean, all this stuff is...
You can't fool these people.
Yeah, I'm tired of this script.
Let's go to this script here.
No, look.
Do my stuff.
My stuff's really funny.
Hey, look.
Prepare for the auto-cataclysm of my hoarding food.
Gold guns, ammo, and gas.
Long-abundant survival techniques.
Learn.
Learn how to kill.
Of course, you don't want to kill a sub-genius believer, but...
God's judgment is going to come and fall again upon a godless, Christ-rejecting, blasphemous society.
Well, if this sounds paranoid, you're right.
But I think I have good reason to be paranoid.
It's a strange world out there.
It's kind of...
This is what life is.
It's like...
At a...
At a bottom-line level.
You know, and I'm not going to make you cut through a lot of other stuff to get through it.
Here's what it is.
There's no gimmick about that.
It's straightforward.
It's strong.
And it's elemental.
We are heavy stuff.
Rich crap.
Rude.
Devil worship.
A wild, gnawing, animal hunger will grow in you.
His number is 600...
Three score...
That phone number is...
Six.
Three hundred six score and six hundred and nine hundred and sixty-six.
We're...
No, no, we're...
No, don't worry.
You guys...
There's nothing here.
Then we can make the plans now.
We can really reveal the plans.
No, there's no problem.
No, don't reveal the plans.
But we can't talk about any of this stuff.
We can't talk about both.
Or Rumaus.
Or Kitty.
No, don't...
Please, don't talk about any...
Because those confused people...
Bohandas...
Bohandas was walking through Tokyo.
Bohandas is the friend of all the little children.
And what about Wolwo?
Yes, friends.
Halloween is getting closer and closer.
And it is going to be very scary.
Here in the subgenius world.
And even out there in the world of reality.
Stand up on your...
Everybody wants to have great movies.
And we have our soap.
I can't take it.
You can't...
You can't clean...
You can't wash soap.
What are you going to do?
Cut...
Cut that bar of soap in half.
And rub it against itself.
Soap is the cleanest thing known to man.
You can't wash this show out of your ears either.
You tried scrubbing it out.
You tried rubbing it out.
You tried scouring it out.
This is the show that stinks.
You go listen to six hours of Beethoven right now.
And I can guarantee you, you'll still hear this show tomorrow morning.
That's right.
That's the thing about these subgenius shows.
You can turn off your radio.
You can stop your car.
You can run away from it.
But you keep hearing it.
Lay in bed at night.
Close your eyes.
You can even put the cables to your power supply.
And you still get the show.
Oh, it's a scary show at times.
It's in my ear.
It's in my ear.
No, no.
That wasn't...
That's not the show.
That's one of those creatures.
That's right, Dr. Jewell.
That was that thing that was growing on you earlier today.
Oh, no.
It's in my ear now?
It's in your ear.
Oh, no.
I'm going to have to change shirts as well as shorts.
This is awful.
Well, doctors, what do you think?
I've got a whole stack of wellmen here.
And we've got everything from more...
Last night's Twilight Room to more sick music by Healthy Sub-Gene Eye and vice versa.
Doctors.
Let's vote.
Call into the station right now and vote.
That's right.
Even though we can't take your calls on the air, you can still call this station.
That's right.
You can vote.
Pastor Beckett will take your calls.
By your own personal biorhythms.
Calculate your vote.
Even if we give you your own phone number over the air.
What is your phone number, by the way?
And we'll call you.
That's right.
Call us and tell us.
Call us.
Call us.








We can't remember our phone number over here.
Oh, you want the phone number?
Yeah.
What is the phone number?
Okay.
To call us here.
Subgenius calls it.
Why not?
Oh, for this.
Here's your shit.
Do it now or you might forget.
Boy, Buck does that so nicely.
He does.
Buck is a professional.
Can you come out to California and say his station ID for us?
Cool.
Buck underwent four operations to get his vocal cords to be able to do that.
But he still hasn't been wellmenized.
Well, let's do this.
Let's do that to him after the show.
And I'll inform the head.
The head.
What about the head?
What about the scary poster of Dodge thing?
That evil head.
There's no sign of Wellman.
There's no sign of Wellman.
We're just landlady right here and hoping that we can get in touch with him.
Wellman's gone.
Yeah, Wellman's gone.
But if we can just get the head inside that lead-lined vault, we'll be okay.
Friends, beware that head.
Save it.
I left the little Wellman at home.
The bleeding head of Arnold Palmer rose slowly above the trap between the third and fourth greens
down at Onion Creek Country Club and golf course.
Thumping slowly like an over-enlarged fig,
the bleeding head slowly rose at a gentle angle above the green, dripping blood.
It hovered briefly over the sand trap and then slowly ascended towards the constellation of Orion
at an angle of about 44.325 degrees, like a shot off a shovel.
There was no doubt that it was the head of Arnold Palmer.
That moon-faced smile was unforgettable.
The population.
The population of southeast Austin went wild.
They tore off their clothes, danced in the streets and said,
The bloody head has come.
The time is here.
Take off your clothes and be somebody.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer was above such things.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer rose gently, buffeting itself slightly as it passed among some ancient pecan trees.
Slowly, the blood of Arnold Palmer rose.

Slowly, still ever moving upwards, it wobbled slightly,
spraying a small losando of blood, so to speak, on the people below it,
healing two old ladies and giving an old man a substantial gland rebuild.
At 14 minutes after 9, the bleeding head was sighted on the Piazza di Piazza,




a forward-control radar access plant at Bergstrom Air Force Base.
Three interceptors were scrambled, one of which crashed on takeoff.
They could find nothing.
The radar was still tracking the dead.
The bloody head moved north, rocketed over Dallas and Fort Worth.
The radar at Caswell Air Force Base gave subsequent indications that something large and wet was moving north-northeast,
while ascending still upwards towards the constellation of Orion.
The bloody head moved on.
Fourteen ex-virgins were rejuvenated in Lubbock as the head passed through.
117 ó
2
7
8
9
15
trouble you go to to raise these tapes right they go awry rub magnets on the back of them yeah and
they still go out yeah it's it's lovely it's a miracle what's happening i don't know i think
the show just died saturday are we in little rock no no we were in little rock on wednesday yeah
we're going to be in san francisco la this is the subgenius world revival crusade continues next
cities are or my my hometown of san francisco i know there's a lot of people that are afraid
to know there's a person from san francisco in town because you think you might catch something
but i want to tell you liberalism is not contagious folks unfortunately
stupidity might be jobs uh yeah that's more pills get right here in the whole bucket
yep we got the famous bucket of pills here we didn't bring the bucket of pills to the scary
ball at last night because only you know only three or four thousand should yeah there weren't
enough people to just like that yeah in two layers deep i mean i've heard that expression you're a
really great audience before but but why lie exactly really yes at the twilight room folks
you'll find at least uh fifty percent of the people although it is a wonderful club and they do
let us go in there and hurt the audience
give them a pick by watching another episode of the podcast
that's a good one
do you want to do cool
i'm going to go on here for a real quick dude
now we've gone through the entire stream and what you gotta do is on their влад müsica
make sure you're not where everyone else is
by dancing and responding to music.
Who called Doctors for Bob a band in the first place?
An act.
Yeah, they dared call it.
John Anders called Doctors for Bob an act.
Well, if Doctors for Bob is an act,
then that woman who came home bleeding to death
from losing her legs last night
deserves an Academy Award.
Copyright 1985, Jane or Harper, please.
Well, we're going to return to that lovely, lovely experience.
My legs are on fire.
The studio's on fire.
Yes, we'll be returning to the Twilight Room right about now.
We feel like there needs to be an explanation
for our very existence,
so we've got a little piece here that's called
The Explanation for that very reason.
Before we go on,
quote, version, unquote,
I'd just like to take this opportunity to state briefly
and for the record
that my fellow Doctors for Bob and myself
are members in good standing of a church.
But not just any church,
for the church to which we belong
just happens to be, beyond a shadow of a doubt,
the world's only bogus true religion.
Of course, I am referring to
the church of the subgenius.
Now, the church of the subgenius,
as founded by J.R. Bob Dobbs,
Santa Fe El Pastor Slack in 1953,
is the grand religion of the future.
Uniting superior mutants,
social renegades,
twisted geniuses,
and sci-fi sinners
in a worldwide rampage
of immorality
and prophetic
yucks
and drudgery.
Yucks and drudgery,
which will hopefully inevitably lead us directly
to a commodity all too naturally.
And today, it's modern sense
that you go vote society
and that commodity, friends, is Slack.
Now, Slack is what the conspiracy wants to take away from us.
Slack is what the conspiracy wants to drive us.
Slack is our way of grabbing life by the lapels
and screaming at it.
Now, back in the 50s, Bob himself noticed
a decided lack of Slack.
In our culture,
he noticed an awful prevalence of normalcy.
He noticed that the normals formed a vast conspiracy
against the difference.
An insidious conspiracy
dedicated to squelching our natural rogue instincts.
Dedicated to wiping out our fun factors.
Dedicated in short to the total and utter eradication
of the original Slack with which we were all born.
Well, Bob wanted to find out.

He wanted to fight this conspiracy, ladies and gentlemen.
And what better way, I ask ye,
than by the foundation of a major new world religion.
It's the Church of the Subgenius.
Praise Bob!
Oh, help me, somebody!
Now, many people I know view the conspiracy
on a very tiny, arcane, and mealy-mouthed level.
You see the conspiracy only at the U.S. government,
the CIA, FBI, Lutheran Church, Missouri Synod,
Catholic Church, Jerusalem, Minstrel League, Council on Foreign Relations,
or Trilateral Commission.
Other, more occultated individuals can see to the next level.
You see the conspiracy as the men in black,
the green energy demons,
the advanced supersonic Nazi hell creatures from the Hollow Earth,
the henchmen of Negian,
the Yakutism.
But even they don't have the full story, ladies and gentlemen.
But I'm here to tell you tonight
that the conspiracy exists as none other than Jehovah One,
alien space god of wrath from some corporate sin galaxy,
and his stark fist of removal.
Oh, help me, somebody!
That's what many of you hear tonight, I'm sure.
The Church of the Subgenius may sound a bit, oh, demonic.
And you're right, it is demonic.
But, well, speaking of benevolent demons here,
well, the Church of the Subgenius does recognize
every major deity of every world religion.
Jesus, Buddha, Krishna, Mohammed, Elvis, Earl,
Hank, Fudge!
Rather than having one central authority great figure,
the Church of the Subgenius possesses an entire pantheon,
or subgenion is the word,
what are referred to as short duration personal saviors,
or surdurpercents.
Now, as in any other major world religion,
the Church of the Subgenius has certain inalienable tenets,
certain basic precepts around which a life philosophy can be formed.
The most important of which are...
Too much!
It's always better!
But not enough!
No!
Too much!
Not enough!
Not enough!
Too much!
But is it always better than that?
Make your children pray to God, help me, somebody!
One soul per breath.
I've done you a little more money on that soul.
This soul's already hocked up to its neck.
Give me some more, Church.
Jehovah 7, Jehovah 12.
Guy, that's gonna cost you another soul.
There's three more souls.
Give me a double smudge bucket of that air.
Here at the station, we don't have to worry about this.
We've got the souls of listeners on the way.
I'll let you listen.
Listeners out there, I'm like, I'm sorry to have to tell you this so late,
but after listening to a subgenius show for more than 43 minutes,
we can put a lock on that soul.
Ah, yes, smell it.
And you know, we use your souls to generate new church air
for we the famous subgenius preachers.
That's right.
While you're at work, we're here spending your money and breathing your air.
15,000 at least.
That's right.
And that's a red scent for entropy.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
B.O.T.
B-O-T.
Bop.
B-O-T.
Bop bop.
B-O-T.
Bop bop bop bop.
Bop.
Eh.
Ha, ha.
B-O-T.
B-O-T.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
Who is Krieger and why do these guys keep talking about stuff?
Let's launch Klager.
Good morning, caller.
Good morning.
Welcome to Berkeley, Iceland on the radio.
All right.
We're listening to one of the other calls.
Here we go, caller.
I thought you had a scary caller here.
Something's a little tiny.
We're able to get callers where no one else can.
No.
No.
I see.
Say no.
So, you're going to have to sharpen your voice if you want to cut through this stuff.
Never mind why.
Just get out of the car.
Take it easy there.
Keep your hands above your head.
Spread them.
All right, turn around.
Filthy.
Here's the little button.
A dirty button.
Very well, Mr. Dobbs.
Filthy button.
Dirty.
This car is registered as a stolen vehicle.
Why can't the English teach their children how to speak, huh?
For example.
The Arabians learn Arabian.
The English tongue.
Yes, that's our fault.
In France.
Come on, show.
Give me a screen.
The British population.
How is an elementary like this?
Paul, learn a little more.
You are so...
Did I?
Keep on.
See them down on the old stupid show.
That's the old stupid show you're listening to.
That's one of those old stupid California shows.
You know, they sneak in here.
We had the foolish.
You complete the
you're serious this is?
She's asking for her ghost into the dark

That's how you through theieza into a
him a God screw.
Like they can't sit still.
choice between playing you know these it's it it in some ways is less than an hour and more than
a show here as opposed to less than a show in less than an hour yeah it's kind of it's like
three quarters of a show in 45 minutes basically is what you're getting yeah but but that's good
because that means we can go home and go to bed crack the statues on their own yeah the people
know that we're already home in bed this is tape we're not here yeah and then my name isn't doug
either so we i think we we come to an excellent yes the ching flings the ching flings oh no let's
throw one of those icy chings and see how it melts and see what it tells us of our future
which which anagram does it say there or hexagram or whatever they call us milligrams ice a milligram
of your fortune friends bad news tomorrow it's monday and you gotta go to work but we don't
yeah well speak for yourself
boys reach out the church we subgenius preachers never die and we never stop working it's a sad
sad except when we spend all that money that those people send them for us that's right remember your
subscription money goes directly in this listen to that money burn here listen to dr gordon burn
the contributions of those who've been another brave enough to send somebody a ton of money here
the subgenius church these are zeros these aren't
dollars i can't spend those here they got the wrong dead president on them oh there's a dead
american president they're a lot easier to spend well it seems like soon we'll have to go into our
lovely amazing sign off music which is by the way done by another famous subgenius
a couple of subgenius famous ministers
so we find our time is running out and it's sad that we have only one
for each and every one of us and we're not going to be able to do that because we're going to be
doing it for the rest of our lives and we're going to be doing it for the rest of our lives and we're

know it all balances out one great religious evacuation and i would recommend reading for
scriptures 16 14 17 18 and you can write for information on how to order these wonderful
precious tapes get your pencils ready and we'll be reading the address very soon here we need that
money for the home for slackless children and your contributions also keep those we hate starving
today i command you to spill your gift seed pledge of 100 pounds of dollar bills on dr
and this will buy only clay and transformer toys for those poor children dogs will bless you for
faith amen amen and now the announcer will give our mailing address
that's the church of the subgenius right for information to p.o box 181 417 cleveland heights
ohio 44118
subgenius.com
thank you friends this is reverend ivan stang with dr gary gabbroke fran pastor but naked
dr onan cannabite g gordon gordon and all the other nameless uh subgenius doctors
doctors
yes
folks
did you hear me
i said
we just found out this is the subgenius minister uh the great saint of subgeniosity
george clinton that's right
you
you

And the fish on his line is bigger in his mind than the reality of the reel he has to reel it in.
You should have bit fish.
The one that got away is the catch of the day.
You should have bit fish.
You took the bait, it's too late to pray.
Now over you, they say the grace.
Lord bless this fish.
We ate the fish.
We ate the fish.
We ate the fish.
We ate the fish.
We ate the fish.
We ate the fish.
And can we take the bait?
We've got to carry the weight alone.
We've got to carry the weight alone.
Carry the weight alone.
Yo!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
