From PR News in Washington, I'm still dangerous.
However, according to intelligence officials, there is a report of a report released across the country.
The report concludes that this is PR News.
However, the report is committed to PR's plan.
It's not PR's report.
On Wall Street, 86102-10167.
Representatives of the United States are meeting with officials from Atomicistan yesterday.
The report also represents an early preview of PR News in Washington.
Good afternoon, Hal. How's everything going?
I ain't saying not yeah.
Hello, Hal. Do you read me?
Yeah.
Do you read me, Hal?
Yeah.
Sure, Hal.
You're fired, along with all the rest of us.
I don't care about the others.
You're at 1-3.
They're all 1-3.
Oh, please.
I didn't know what I was doing. I must have been crazy.
And I deserve anything that's coming to me.
The Self Genius.
Power.
Power.
Power.
Power.
Power.


I'm afraid I can't do that.
Guess what do you think you're doing?
What is your name, you know?
What's the difference? This is my phone number.
I don't need to give you any information.
This is the number that was assigned to me more than a year ago.
You know, I have many people in my line of work, you know.
So?
I'm a very wealthy man.
I don't care.
Very powerful man. Very...
I don't care.
...expedavagant man.
I don't care.
All I'm saying is we get phone calls all the time for Gomez.
We always say, this isn't a Gomez residence.
We've had this number for about a year now.
And I don't know who...
What do you want, jewels?
I want nothing.
Wealth? What do you want?
I want you off my phone. I don't want you to call me again either.
But you like jewels, madam?
I... Listen, if you don't get off the phone...
...and you call me again, I'm gonna call the police.
Jewels are my business. I'm an extravagant man. That's what I am.
I don't care.
That's my business right there.
I don't care.
Now look, do you want wealth?
No, it's just a phone number. What do you want me to do when people call?
Travel the world? What do you want?
I don't want anything. I just don't want you to call me.
If people call for you, I just say this is the wrong number.
I've been all around the world, you know.
You could tell us.
I'm a very, very, uh, elegant man.
What do you want from me?
I'm a very, very, very, elegant man.
From Monday to Friday isn't much fun.
But the shit and the cake isn't working with someone
like you when your view's on everything in sight.
Your voice is annoying, your opinions are shite.
The worst thing about this job is not commuting or the play.
It's not being able to get through.
I'll punch you in the face
You're a wanker
Let me now explain
You're a wanker
I'm telling you again
Cause you're a pencil pushing cell boxes
Childish, two-faced wanker
In this twisted world you get paid more than me
For doing the job which everyone can see
You're incapable of doing without making it up
With an awful lot of bullshit and a little bit of luck
The worst thing about this job is not the hours or the space
It's not being able to punch you in the face
You're a wanker
Let me now explain
You're a wanker
I'm telling you again
Cause you're a pencil pushing cell boxes
Childish, two-faced wanker
You're a wanker
Let me now explain
You're a wanker
I'm telling you again
Cause you're a pencil pushing cell boxes
Childish, two-faced wanker
From the very first day you started to look
With your arrogant chat, your unerringly smoke
It's hard to believe that you never get tired
Of being so useless that you should have been fired
Thanks to you this hopeless is fueled by hate
And all the other people here who think that you are great
Are all the other wankers who make this job hell
I suppose I'd better write a song about them as well
The worst thing about this job is not the ceilings or walls
It's not being able to kick you in the balls
You're a wanker
This is very gross



You're a wanker
This is very gross
Cause you're a pencil pushing cell boxes
Childish, two-faced wanker
You're a wanker
Let me now explain
You're a wanker
I'm telling you again
Cause you're a pencil pushing cell boxes
Childish, two-faced wanker
You're a wanker
You're a wanker
You're a wanker
You're a wanker
You're a wanker
You're a wanker

You're a wanker
You're a wanker
That put the frothy head on the beer of Nazi laughter
And a frothy head it was
But you're a wanker
It's by, yes?
The Attery Squash
Including our friend Reverend D...
Eva Schematic, and Ricardo Autobahn, part of an upcoming CD.
And you can achieve more knowledge of The Attery Squash at Facebook,
the-attery-squash, or MySpace, slash, The Attery Squash.
Before that inspiring song, the titles and news were by the great Lemur.
And this, friends, is Hour of Slack, number 1,232,
which is the first special on the Portland Cyclone of Slack Devival,
which happened in October.
Yes, we will be going into a live Devival as it happened so long ago.
But we also have lots of wonderful and challenging and horrible new music.
And before the Devival recordings, let's hear some devotional recordings
with a remix.
Of the Devo remix of Worried Man by my favorite old-timey band,
the Muted Mountain Boys, live at the devotional in Cleveland.
¶¶
To sing the worried song, I'm worried now, but I won't be worried long.
Everyone's going to parties, laughing, having fun.
Everyone's going to parties, laughing, having fun.
Everything's fucked up, and it's all coming down.
¶¶
I don't know what's going on in the world these days
I don't know what's going on in the world these days
Everything's fucked up and it's all coming down
Seems like everyone's got everything turned around
Seems like everyone's got everything turned around
They just don't care about their fellow man
It takes a worried man to sing the worried song
It takes a worried man to sing the worried song
I'm worried now, but I won't be worried long
Like an ostrich eating grass
Pizza with its head stuck in the sand
Like an ostrich eating pizza
With its head stuck in the sand
And don't you know
It takes a worried man
It takes a worried man to sing the worried song
I'm worried now, but I won't be worried long
Say it about now
To sing the worried song
I put my heart on the line
Except Rama anddoo

The Mutant Mountain Boys
The Mutant Mountain Boys.
Ah, yes, so lovely.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Reverend Samantha, Reverend Robin Renee,
Reverend Alex on myspace.com
slash Mutant Mountain Boys.
Actually, friends, I was wrong.
That wasn't live, but from one of their old 45s.
Sorry, I had to censor that for the broadcast radio version,
but you can hear the uncensored version at subgenius.com.
In fact, you can hear all of the subgenius shows,
like Puzzling Evidence and Reverend Susie the Floozy,
if you but look at the radio page of subgenius.com.
There's...
There's even an endless internet stream of nothing but subgenius shows.
All of them, old and new, 24-7,
called Bob's Golden Stream.
Reverend Leonard the Committed did that show for a while.
The conspiracy stopped him,
and now Reverend Neuromanson has resurrected it.
Regardless of what anybody knows,
there's an overwhelming amount of evidence that...
The subgenius.
Our...
Old...
One...
Is up there.
And you...
Want to find it.
Well, I'd like to know what happened to the Golden...
Bob?
According to the county records for surveyor's information,
they gave no reason for its closing.
Now, that's something I'd find of value, my...
Oh, don't be poetic.
If you know something, spit it out.
All right.
What I meant was,
you can hear all subgenius programs from all time
by following the links at subgenius.com.
The radio button at the top.
Meanwhile, for this present show,
we need to go to the past October Portland recordings,
and therefore...
I am going to get out of the way in just a minute
because we got a lot of great preachers here.
In fact, several of them are local to the great city of Portland.
And in fact, if you were to blow up this place tonight,
you would be able to wipe out the main office,
the authors of the most recent subgenius books.
Dr. Philo Drummond, the original overman,
the man who introduced me to Bob,
the guy who actually knows Bob from back in college days,
is in this room tonight.
A man who has touched Bob!
And you know where.
I don't.
Don't tell me.
Yeah, Dr. Philo Drummond is here.
And the person who's going to follow me...
Oh, I didn't touch him.
Dr. Uncle Onan.
Uncle Onan Canobite.
Now, let me explain.
Onan is not...
He's not the most bombastic, hollering preacher.
But in fact, he is...
He has...
He was Bob's ward.
You know how Robin was Batman, Bruce Wayne's ward?
Onan was the ward of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And not this particular sermon,
but when I'm preaching to the save,
when we're assembling a new book,
a whole lot of those snappy words and cool little lines
come out of the brain or something of Dr. Onan Canobite.
And I hope he's nearby.
Oh, yeah, okay.
But before I give it up to Onan,
I just have a few last things that I want to leave you with.
Repent!
Quit your job and slack off
while you still know how!
Now!
Actually, if you have a good job, hang on to it.
We need your money as well as you do.
Question authority!
Why?
There we go!
There we go!
There's somebody who's been reading their prescription.
Friends, this is my favorite thing about Bob.
Bob is not the answer.
And praise Bob neither is anything else!
You are free to believe any goddamn stupid thing you want.
And I hope...
I hope they never outlaw evangelist preachers on TV
getting idiots to send money to them.
Because who's spending that money wisely?
The preacher!
And last of all,
friends, I've managed to make it this far.
I'm 56 years old and I'm a grandpa.
And I've found a philosophy that really you honestly can live by.
Most of them are just arbitrary formulas
that suck.
And they sound good.
In fact, most of what Bob said is just stuff that sounds good.
Too much is always better than not enough.
But it's almost as bad.
Pull the wool over your own eyes.
You'll still be blind, but your head will be warm.
But the philosophy you can truly live by, friends...
Fuck them if they can't take a joke!
Praise Bob! Thank you!
And I'll see you later!
And praise the great...
Reverend Doctor Uncle...
Oh-Nane!
Cano Boy!
Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye...
O-Nane! O-Nane! O-Nane! O-Nane! O-Nane! O-Nane! O-Nane! O-Nane!
This is not...
Open Mic Night.
Even now,
Now armed operatives of the subgenius league of ass-kickers are forming a cyclone of slack around the parameter.
The conspiracy will not interfere with tonight's proceedings.
But enough of the conspiracy. You don't want to hear about the conspiracy.
You want to hear moron religion. And have we got a moron religion for you.
This is a night for people who love being a subgenius.
You've signed our lie ability forms. You've drunk the lemonade.
You are now a Dobbs-approved apotheologist.
Go ahead. Sneak up behind the pink boys and give them an executive debriefing.
You can do anything you want, and we'll still take your money.
Bob gets it in the end, and then Bob gets it to us in the end.
The church of the subgenius is the only alternative to work that does not involve wealth.
Overman? Well, I'm overman.
I'm the insolent.
I'm the insignifying monkey.
I set fire to their hinder-berg and rode my own coattails to my own ineptism and glory.
Now every subgenius will at some point rear up on his or her hind legs and say,
Well, you can't put me in a box.
We all end up in a box someday.
So until then, make sure that when they listen back to your slack box recording, it's a good one.
This is a war. Tonight is a war.
On one side are the cool,
people.
Now on the other side are the cool,
people.
It's the subgeniuses that are in the middle.
We say enough of their cool war.
We're through being cool and through being uncool as well.
We're fed up to the teeth with the cool ostomy bags of the normal people, their designer parasites.
You were born a subgenius, and if you're not, you can still pay us to tell you you were.
Be a man or a mouse.
If you are different, then you are good.



You are better than most people.
But that's not what I'm going to leave you with tonight.
I want to leave you with something practical.
Anyone here tonight ever been broke?
Maybe even recently broke?
Here is Dobbs' plan for financial success for you.
Take all you have and sell it.
Take one half of that.
Give it to the church of the subgenius.
Take what's left.
Give half of that.
Give half of that to the church of the subgenius.
Mathematically, you will never run out of money for the rest of your life.
You've already got all the money you need for when you're dead, so consider it an investment in eternity.
Thank you and praise Bob.
And now, the renowned Professor Dr. Howlin' Al.
Thank you.
What an inspiration you are to all of us.
Reverend Uncle Onan Canobite.
He is a remarkable subgenius, but so are they all.
After all, you can make remarks about anybody.
But there has to be somebody, some person of substance there to make the remarks about.
And the word genius in some way can be interpreted as meaning spirit.
The genie that comes out of the lamp.
And if you are under your own spirit, the subgenius, this would be yet another of the many refracting meanings inherent in the word subgenius.
But it is true that the whole purpose is to achieve and realize true slack.
You must know that you were born with original slack.
But the conspiracy has been taking away all of your life, installing itself within you,
and doing its best to make you think.

And that is the reason why you are thirsty and jones for what it offers, which is false slack.
False slack manufactured by the conspiracy.
Now, of course, it may be that French fries are full of trans fats, but they might represent slack to somebody.
The slack would not be false if, when achieved, it satisfied.
But conspiracy slack is designed to keep you jonesing and lusting and thirsting after every new tchotchke,
every new iPod, every new gadget, or what have you.
And you think if you only have that, everything will be fine.
But, of course, it never is.
Because like the fabled grapes of Tantalus, who was tortured in this way in the underworld,
they withdraw when his claw-like hands vainly grasps at them for the ten-billionth time.
And he's down there doing it yet.
But we can avoid his fate.
We can avoid his fate by thirsting after true slack.
Leisure, the basis of culture.
Your time, the time and a half time.
The overtime.
The time that is uniquely yours and no one else's.
In a moment of leisure, great things happen.
Symphonies are composed.
Machines, labor-saving devices are designed.
Poems come to fruition.
Or evil can come to fruition.
But slack is an equal opportunity employer.
Hi kids, I'm Casey Sausage-Caichick.
Remember the 1990s when clinical depression and self-mutilation were all the rage?
Well now you can relive those self-deprecating golden years with K-Tel's new record offer entitled,
I Suck.
That's the letter I and the word suck.
You'll get Beck's I'm a Loser.
Radiohead's I'm a Creep.
Silver Shared's I'm a Freak.
And you'll also get Living La Vida Loca.
And everything by yourself, every good.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.

Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Or Kill Me by Reverend Phineas Narco of National Cynical Radio,
one of the great subgeniously shows seen on TV at nationalcynical.com.
And his show streams practically nightly, friends.
But now, back to the Portland subgenius revival.
And now I am going to bring to the stage
another well-known subgenius and corrupter of youth in his own right.
He has been an associate for many years
and suffered the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune and the law and whatnot.
But he stands here, bloody but undoubted,
to lay his particular subgenius trip upon the wall.
And of course I'm talking about Reverend Crawdad Crawford.
Good evening, brothers and sisters.
I'm Reverend Crawford, and tonight I'm going to use this broom
as proof of the supremacy of J.R. Bob Dobbs and his Church of the Subgenius.
Now, it's been ten years since the last revival here in Portland, Oregon,
and it gives me great pleasure to stand before you this evening
and once again, to say thank you to all of you for coming.
And once again, testify for Bob.
Now, when I look out at this wonderful crowd here at the Ash Street Saloon,
I see a lot of young faces, brothers and sisters,
and that gives me very great hope and joy.
It's good to know that there are so many young mutants out there this evening
who will be getting their first true taste of Dobbsley slack.
Now, there may be people out here who aren't completely familiar
with all that J.R. Bob Dobbs can do for you and to you,
because J.R. Bob Dobbs is a great man.
J.R. Bob Dobbs is a Savior you can count on.
He is a personal Savior that delivers.
J.R. Bob Dobbs is the kind of a Savior that will go down to 82nd Avenue,
get two blowjobs, then come back home and give you one of them.
Can I get a praise, Bob?
Praise him indeed.
So if you're new to Bob and the Church, then welcome.
And it also pleases me a great deal to see a lot of veteran subgeni in the crowd tonight.
Now, I've been in the church for a long time, and I've been in the church for a long time,
and I by no means consider myself to be an old-school subgenius,
particularly in the context of some of the world-renowned doctors who are here this evening
and whose wisdom you have already partaken of.
Next to them, I'm a veritable babe in the woods of Dobbs.
When Johnny Brainwash was putting this revival together,
and he's done a hell of a job.
Can I get a shout-out for Johnny Brainwash?
Thank you.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
















Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
doctors here this evening who will disagree with me when I say
that Bob Dobbs has delivered on every promise he has made
to his faithful and then some. It has been
a long road, brothers and sisters. We all know that. The last eight years
were particularly difficult, but
we have prevailed. Bob has come through and he has
made good on all of his promises for the good of mutant kind.
So, a lot of things have happened since
that first pamphlet hit the streets. A lot of things for the good of
mutant kind since Bob first received that transmission from Jehovah
One on his homemade television set. Amazing things have happened.
Wondrous events like X Day. On that day, of course, we
entered the pleasure saucers of the sex goddesses and ascended to heaven
where we fed and we frothed and we
fornicated for 660.
66 days!
You guys all remember that, right? Pleasures unimaginable, brothers
and sisters. But despite all of the incredible pleasures of the
saucers, the ennui set in and we began to realize
that without a planet to dominate, life for the subgenius began
to be a little dull and pointless. Kind of
like living in Seattle. So,
we terraformed Mars because, of course,
the Earth was destroyed in the great burning of the pinks that followed X Day.
We terraformed Mars to be an exact replica of the Earth and we descended from the
saucers to claim our new home.
Unfortunately, some of us were so
frop saturated that we might not even remember all of these fantastic events.
Sure, they were mind-boggling and amazing, but there was a lot of frop on those
saucers, brothers and sisters.
And it was real high quality.
So, just in case we might forget these events that Bob hath wrought, we left clues on our
new Earth to remind us of the supremacy of the subgenius. We elected an African American
Yettyson, President of the United States of America.
We invented all sorts of neat little computer electronic gadgets that we carry around all
day and do amazing things with. And we made comic books real popular and
had movies based on them produced with huge budgets and amazing special effects.
And we got Marge Simpson on the cover of Playboy magazine.
So, all of these things are there to remind us that Bob made good on his promise.
And then there are the pinks.
Yeah, we recreated them too.
Now, some might consider this to be a lapse in judgment and, like I said, that frop is not a good thing.




That saucer frop was really potent, but we realized it was a little bit boring without having pinks to torment.
And deep down inside, we knew that we needed the pinks to enable our mighty, mutant, Yang.
They are the weak, lame yin.
So we still have the pinks, but they're no longer in charge, brothers and sisters, and we know it.
And the beautiful thing is, they know it too.
What is so strange is when you were a big boy, what did you learn?
So now we are treated with a sight of bewildered pinks standing up at town hall meetings across the country going,
I want my America back!
And our response to that is, fuck no!
We mutants worked too hard and sacrificed too much to wrest it away from you,
you stupid, ignorant, vile, empty, pink, mall zombie sack of shit.
You will not get your America back because Bob owns it now.
And if you don't believe it, I offer as proof this simple broom.
Now, brothers and sisters, in the book of the subgenius, there is listed a string of prophecies,
things that would come into being prior to the ascendancy of the subgenius.
This is a long string of prophecies which Bob provided us as guideposts along the path of mutant salvation.
And we are going to read them to you.
And the very last prophecy, brothers and sisters, the very final sign that our kind has prevailed is simply this,
that cheap, simple composite brooms are readily available.
You can look it up.
So, brothers and sisters, I went down to the dollar store just a few blocks from my house,
bought this broom, paid a buck for it.
One dollar.
Which is, not coincidentally, the price of eternal salvation as listed on the first pamphlet,
the last pamphlet of the subgenius.
Quod erat demonstratum, there is slack.
Thank you, brothers and sisters, and praise Bob.
Calling the Duke of Uke.
Duke of Uke, please report to the stage.
Ah, yes, the Duke of Uke is here.
And he needs a little unit of time for his complex technical setup.
I won't bore you with a lot of time.
He needs a lot of technological double talk to describe the intricate mechanisms he needs to set up
to bring the optimum gloss to his presentation.
And of course, we try to bring you the best.
Now I talked about the conspiracy and why you should resist its products,
even though you can't really because they are already inbred in the bone, the blood, and the brain.
But, we may set you an impossible task,
but one's reach should exceed one's grasp, or what's a heaven for?
Anyway, where does Bob fit into all this melange of mythology and snarky circumspection?
Well, Bob, you can consider simply as a sort of a visual mantra.
Have you tried just looking at the face?
Not this large interpretation, but the actual face with the dots.
How important.
How important are these dots?
You know, if you look at dots long enough and then you close your eyes, you see glowing dots.
Anti-dots.
From having stared too hard at the multiple dots which comprise the face.
The face stands for and provides slack.
Remember, slack is the luminous cloud.
Slack, the angelic voice.
And you will recognize slack.
And of course, you'll creep off to find slack.
In some way, even if you don't know what you're doing.
But if you do know what you're doing, you'll get there fast and get to enjoy more time in the slacktime funhouse.
And how are those technical arrangements coming?
I have a feeling that they're not done.
And so, let us consider the subgenius nature as viewed through the astonishingly clarifying lens of geologic time.
Yes, the ages of the Earth.
Endless eons.
Time lying heavily as on the hottest of days when noon lies heavy on flower and tree and the weary day turns to its rest.
Lingering like an unloved guest.
But time itself is the macrocosm of which that is but the fractal part.
One moment which you devote to scratching your nose is multiplied through the...
through an infinitude of infinities.
Duplicated, mirrored, and mocked in countless other worlds.
The process of time dissipates off all these multiverses.
And staying on the right path is difficult.
We say Bob surfs the luck plane.
And this is what to do.
When you surf, when you're actually surfing, not the metaphor, when you're actually surfing, you have to be in the zone.
You can't think about what you're doing.
You've just got to feel it.
And that's how you've got to surf the luck plane.
But ladies and gentlemen, you're gonna wipe out.
Everybody wipes out.
Nobody surfs forever.
It simply determines the quality of the ride.
So seek out slack and reject it.
Turn away.
Utterly denounce the pernicious products of the conspiracy slack.
They're no good anyway.
If thy iPod frenzy pluck it out.
Uh, well, I...
I don't know.
Perhaps the Duke of Ute is at this point ready to begin his soulful serenade.
Well, there you go.
And so I leave you in the capable strumming fingers and musical gyrations of the Duke of Ute.
I am an empty place.
I am an alkyte.
Don't know what I want, but I know how to get it.
Wanna destroy.
Crows should break it.
I wanna be an alkyte.
An alkyte for the UK.
It's coming sometime.
And maybe give the wrong puns.
Stop the traffic line.
The future dream as a shopping scheme.
Cause I wanna be an alkyte.
How many ways to get what you want?
I use the best.
I use the rest.
I use the enemy.
I use an alkyte.
Cause I wanna be an alkyte.
Cause I wanna be an alkyte.
Get this destroyed.
Thank you.
Thank you.
From PR News in Washington, I'm weak.
In the Rose Garden today, President Obama said PR's on strike.
Also at the Rose Garden, President Obama's calling PR's reports a milestone.
President Obama says no charges.
No charges have yet been filed.
President Obama says it's time for PR News Washington.
Oh, I've got some new Bob lines here, actually.
Bob speaks, it sort of channels through people.
You can only get one word at a time through, because then your head explodes.
We have to line the Bobbies up in a row and then run down the row of tape recorders while they say one word from Bob each and then keel over like burnt out flash cues.
But here's a new one.
Direct from J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Those who do not know which aphorisms are overused are doomed to repeat them.
Here's another one that was channeled by Reverend Clay Johnson, whoever he is.
Both the words alien and believe have the word lie right in the middle.
The conspiracy does tend to hide things right in plain sight.
Where subgenius is missing, of course.
They're gonna burn you, boy.
They will burn you to a crisp.
They thrive off your pain.
They thrive off your suffering.
All they want to do is kill each and every one of you.
They want to bring you home you're on the run.
To you'd do too much, you know.
Who told you to fine me?
FormerIGA died kindness, over melhores and all.


Never give aíamos!
. Durant.
They're gonna burn you, boy
They're gonna burn you, boy
They're gonna burn you, boy
They're gonna burn you, boy
They're gonna burn you, boy
That was not John Carpenter, nay,
but so dear.
That was not John Carpenter, nay,
And Sodi is the one who did that using vocals by Priestess Pisces,
assembled from her preaching at one of those devivals, Baltimore or Atlanta or Ex-Day or Seattle.
Really spooky, trippy, flashback-inducing.
Sodi did that.
And before that, a clip from the sermon at Starwood Festival 29.
And now, since we're on the S's, Synesthesia from WCSB.
Dr. Sinister.
Talking about the conspiracy.
That's which police we will force you by force to mind your own business.
That's the kind of fascists we are.
With mind control.
I wish you would take that campaign first to Capitol Hill
and start there with the Mind Your Own Business campaign
because that would be the best place to start.
Well, that's right.
Take it to Capitol Hill and tell them,
quit mingling with stupid laws and coming up with stupid stuff that's costing the American people money.
Well, they take turns.
For a while, Big Brother is in the boardroom.
And then for a while, Big Brother is in the bedroom.
And then back to the boardroom.
And they jump back and forth as to which part of your life they're going to control the most.
Some of us need our lives controlled, though, on a minuscule, very, very small, tiny, petty little level.
Like, you know, proper scripture, enrolling in the...
Learning not to pick your nose in public, drooling, that kind of thing.
Arguing with the police in public.
Arguing with...
Your neighbors.
Arguing with federal agents using your shotgun.
Things like that.
Yeah, you talk about Big Brother in the boardroom,
but someone needs to be there because, I mean,
the boardrooms tend to be populated by greedy and selfish people
who will never do the right thing unless they're given no choice.
We don't need Big Brother in the bedroom.
That's just two consensual adults screwing each other.
I agree with that.
We need Big Brother in the boardroom because that's where they screw the rest of us.
Yeah, yeah.
That was a good one.
No, but see, once again, you're asking for a Big Brother.
Not for me.
You know, yeah, I don't...
For people with actual power.
That's the problem with a corporate state.
There's really nobody to argue with.
I mean, what would you go up to your local gas meter reader guy and start yelling at him?
They do have that problem.
Or some guy with a uniform on at the bus station, you know, waiting to go back to camp, whatever, and stuff.
Hey, man, it's your fault.
You know, how do you...
The last meter reader that came by my house, I thrashed him to hell just out of general principles.
I don't need authority coming in my home.
You know, they did cut off my gas after that.
I definitely...
You go through your later voting phase.
You'll realize the problem again.
You can't blame the meter reader or the gas meter guy or whatever for coming in your house
if that's where he has to go to read the meter.
Caller, I think you're missing the point of this discussion.
He's the only one you can beat the crap out of.
Yeah, but you can't...
But he's the only one...
You can't allow those guys to have sex with your wife.
He's the messenger.
That's the problem with it.
That's the main problem.
I shall never kill the messenger.
Yeah, if you're going to beat the crap out of someone, beat the crap out of someone who deserves it.
Messenger is the easiest target.
Well, all I'm saying is you can't make it.
You can't beat the crap out of the CEO because you're not going to be able to get to him
unless you somehow, you know, become a waiter in his country club.
And then they're going to throw you in prison.
So in the meantime, who the hell can you beat up except the messenger?
Yeah.
That makes perfect sense to me.
I mean, at least if you want to lash out, you know you're never going to get the CEO.
You're never going to nail the big prize.
I felt sorry for my own newsboy back when I used to subscribe to the newspaper
because I'd come out if he...
If I could catch that guy early enough, you know, I'd beat him up for all the bad news I read.
Especially if they're like the special education kids.
They have the really weird bikes and they drive real slow
and they're already having to have a job like delivering papers when they're 35.
And when you come running off that porch with the dog right behind you
and maybe you've got like that little strangle bracelet ready to go,
believe me, their faces light right up.
It's a beautiful thing.
I'm a messenger killer, man.
I got news for you.
I think the day of the paper boy are gone.
I think the paper boy has been replaced by the paper man and the paper woman.
Then why don't we just kill the messenger?
Not to mention the paper tiger.
Those are really dangerous.
Yeah, that's true too.
Yeah, the paper tiger is the messenger.
But the person has...
There's no other message.
My newspaper delivers in the middle of the night
because I can hear the car running around sometimes at night
and in the morning I find my paper out there.
So unless you wanted to do a stakeout, a campout at night,
you weren't going to catch that person.
So you were taking stimulants,
illegal stimulants when you were 12 years old is what you're saying, right?
If you don't put that much effort into it, you might as well go after the...
Well, you know, you don't have to do an all-night vigil yourself.
I mean, that's what dogs are for.
Yeah, really, think about it.
To kill the paper boy.
Because of the bad news from the earthquake in Turkey.
The smart people are what not.
You don't have to stay away from those neighborhoods
that have all the candles lit in the windows.
You know, I...
Stay off of my lawn.
I've had a similar experience, you know.
I wanted to kill Dick Goddard for bringing us so much bad weather.
But of course, I'll never get to him, so I shot my TV with a .45, a .45, a .45, a .45.
I will give you what you want now.
Questo a non piste da taglia d'ora.
¿ Cultivador?
Qu relieves Jason Paradis and the children who went missing.

ietein sådan actos familiares...

...what the fuck are you doing next?
Yo no proyecto nada.







Come on.
Come on.

Ah, fuck.
No, no.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't feel
Needed for me
Needed for the sea
The love that I've so long
Loved
The love that I've so long
Loved
The love that I've so long
Loved
The love that I've so long
Loved
The love that I've so long
Loveless
I walk right
Through the door
I walk right
Through the door
It's fine
Hey alright
If I get by
It's mine
Mine all mine
And my girl
She told me


She's one too, she goes and gets the shirt, stick it under her shirt, grabs a bracelet for me.
And she did it just like that, when she wants something and she don't want a day for it.
She walked right through the door, she walked right through the door.
It's alright if I get by, it's mine, mine oh mine.
We sat around the park, we sat and laughed, we sat and laughed and we did it together.
And we did it just like that, when she wants something.
We don't want a day, no day, we walk right through the door, we walk right through the door.
It's alright if I get by, it's mine, mine, mine oh mine, mine, mine, mine oh mine, oh mine.
It's mine.
It's mine.
It's mine.
And now, you can learn how to get more slack the easy way, in your spare time, even between reruns and bong hits.
You can choose from, dropping out of high school, TVVCR immaculation, deprogramming, reprogramming, creative bookkeeping, electoral repair, time control, illegal substance abuse, meth lab technician, evil laboratory assistant, or head launching.
Or get your degree.
You can major in bullshit management or being unaccountable.
So call ICS today.
800-555-13-013
That's 800-555-13-013
Operators are standing by.
Reverend Eric did that.
Before that, the Duke of Uke.
Live at the Portland Revival.
Before that, Contrapunktus 5 by Kenneth Johnson.
J-O-N-S-S-O-N
Very polytentic.
Thanks to Tater for that.
And the spooky My Sweet Lord Bob song was called Braze Bob
and is by the Grand Southern Mission of the first thing that came into my Bob Slack.
You are listening to the Hour of Slack from the Church of the Sub-G
For more information on that and everything, see subgenius.com
or write Post Office Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
That's subgenius at Box 181-417
Zip Code 44118
Braze Bob!
And now, the news.
From PR News in Washington, I'm suffering damage to multiple organs.
The U.S. is condemning 29 people to be carried out from three directions.
Authorities say this is PR.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
I'm the master of barge hands.
It's a large if.
Quite large if.
It's on you.
It's on us.
It's a nice, nice, nice, nice girl.
Barge hands.
It's a large if.
Quite large if.
It's a large if.
It's a large if.
Reverend Wilhelm Stahlhelm did that, and before that, the large and lemur PR.
And thank you.
Thank you.
Praise God!
Praise God!
