It'd be against my code of honor to borrow something and not pay it back.
I know.
As my grandpappy used to say...
The Self Genius Power of Swag.
I don't even know why it bothers me so much, but it does.
I hope so.
Shut up.
Friends, I want you to open your heart, unzip your lips, close your mind,
bend over and pull out that wallet because here comes the word of Bob.
And I know I'm not preaching entirely to the saved.
There are a few people here who haven't heard Subgenius 101.
And that's too bad.
You'll have to pick it up from context.
However, I will explain some of the basics.
But first...
Oh, shoot.
Princess Wee, I need a dollar bill from our sacred swag change.
I have a...
A...
Ten and a five.
But as you'll see, we don't want to use that for this ritual.
Actually, I'm going to need two of them.
One to live and one to die.
Here.
Thank you very much, Princess Wee.
We can't really do this right until I burn a dollar first!
Yes, burning it!
Please don't call the fire marshal or the Federal Reserve.
But, friends, as long as...
The smoke from this dollar is rising up to heaven.
The men from Planet X and God only knows...
Well, what gods might be lurking.
That's still partly spendable.
I may be able to use it for my other demonstration.
Okay, I feel better.
This is a great job that I have.
Basically, going to places full of weirdos.
Bars and so forth.
And tempting...
Sinners.
Away from the devil.
And away from Jesus.
And away from Muhammad.
And just about any other Messiah or cool guy you can think of.
Even some rock stars.
There's really only three things that you need to know about the Church of the Subgenius.
And those three things are Bob.
That guy.
Also seen down there.
Always in distorted forms.
You have to know about Bob.
You have to know about Slack.
And unfortunately, we all...
must discuss the conspiracy not the conspiracies the conspiracy and it's it
helps if you know the one really important rule in this religion which
you know we've got millions of others if you want to buy our books but the only
one that counts is pardon my language are there any kids around well too bad
fuck them if they can't take a joke that is the one honestly you strangely
enough you can live by that rule you can survive by that rule anyway that this
man if man he be J.R. Bob Dobbs founded the Church of the subgenius in 1953 when
he was taken up in the spirit by the alien space
monster who was the one who told him to do it he was the only one who could do it

he was the only one who could do it he was the only one who could do it
calling itself Jehovah one it has masqueraded as a god for numerous
religions mostly desert religions throughout history and still is hard at
work today Bob founded this church on a sandy beach of hypocrisy not on a rock
or anything like that hypocrisy is very important to any
do-it-yourself religion which is what this is it's also a disorganized religion
our apologies to the discordians who were disorganized before we were it's
it's a non organization for non joiners and and it's an anti business business
and an anti art art project and no wonder we're not making more money anyway
but but obviously as you can tell by looking around you it is a church for
sinners mutants misfits disbelievers and most importantly those who will believe
anything and luckily for us no two sub geniuses are alike they're all
different there's no such thing as a typical sub genius if we find any two who
are alike one must die the only thing we have in common friends is that we have
nothing in common with the conspiracy of the normal people because that is what
Jehovah one revealed to Bob that all through history there's been a
conspiracy the conspiracy the only one you need of plain ordinary nice garden
variety normal people who live in extreme discomfort when confronted with
anything weird or different of course we're there sometimes there's good
reasons for that as we found out over the years sometimes a path less taken it's
because it's a crappy path you never know you have to try it for yourself of
course some people have come up to me today and said well I understand this
this Bob guys not real right this is a joke
oh why don't you say that to a Christian why don't you say that to a Mohammedan
why don't you say that to a pro wrestler oh it's wrestling stuff in real oh yeah
want me to prove it's real well if it's a joke friends as a
Pope David Meyer Pope of all New York said it's a joke you can believe in
sometimes we have to deprogram some believers you know but really if Bob's a
joke then what do you call yourselves what do you call the news what do you
call the political scene these days there have been legends of Bob you've
heard the stories of the traveling salesman those are all
based on him the saint of sales he's called he could sell hypocrisy to a
Baptist ice to an Eskimo hate to a subgenius and and he's done a pretty
good job of that now Bob is not our leader because he's super smart or super
enlightened Nate just the opposite he is simply lucky as he said I'd rather be
lucky than good any day how far is smart gonna get you on a date my friends no
you want luck you want the quick easy answer and that's what Bob's there for
he doesn't think about what he wants to do whatever he wants to he wants just
happens to be what was gonna happen anyway so there's no point trying to
reach the level of unconscious or consciousnessness
I should say that Bob has reached it don't and don't try to seek Bob out for
answers because he'll where do you think he gets perfect slack from us so you're
you're gonna give him it your money sooner or later anyway and so it's not
intelligence we're talking about we kind of suspect that that was misdefined by
college professors a long time ago and that's what we're talking about and so I'm going to give you a little bit of information about that and then we'll get to the next question.
go and it's not sense it's I mean it's not intelligence we're talking about the
sense common sense sense of humor and dollars and cents and every now and then
somebody might say since Amelia but that's you can read that into it if you
want Bob makes a million bucks every time he screws up because unlike the Pope
of the Vatican he has a power that that Pope would kill for the power to fail
supremely fallible that that's the part of Bob's behavior that we subgeniuses
mimic whether we mean to or not let's face it so what what we try to do as Bob
teaches is to surf the luck plane and follow the path of least resistance it
might be the most traveled path I suppose might not then because it's
going to be different for each person see
another thing about Bob now he he's frankly is not really qualified to
forgive your sins and even if he was he doesn't give a hoot about your stinking
pathetic miserable sins he really does not Bob came not to forgive your sins
but to bring an excuse because that's what you really need an excuse for you
sins it's in fact it's a nice frameable doctorate
that you can and an excuse certificate which you can get with your subgenius
ordainment which by the way is this better be a legal ordainment or all of
those weddings well let me put it this way all those divorces were needlessly
expensive really so you know we're not suggesting that you use Bob as a crutch
no no it doesn't again it's the opposite you love it you have the right to do what you want but Bob is not a Christian
you are his crutch.
Okay? He's leaning on you.
Another question we get,
oh, Bob's smoking a pipe.
I bet I know what's in that pipe.
I bet he's smoking marijuana.
Isn't he reverent?
No, actually, well,
it's just cheap stuff from Walgreens
called Bork and Riff.
When geniuses smoke cheap street drugs,
they like to call it frop.
That's not the real frop.
Well, you never come down from the real frop.
What do you think happened to me?
No, what Bob is smoking in his pipe
is you, my friend.
You.
You throw your mind into,
well, this t-shirt is perfect illustration of it.
You throw your mind into Bob's pipe.
He smokes that.
You go into Bob's lungs.
A little bit of you goes into his brain.
He might notice you.
And you might get lucky.
Frankly, I don't know.
Like I say, I don't try to get too close
to Bob.
But we're very easily misunderstood,
especially, oddly enough,
by geniuses.
Just recently,
I guess it was a comment on Facebook.
I'm already in Mensa,
so I don't need another
one of those egghead societies.
Well, I guess that was another genius
who was too smart
to understand
the word subgenius.
It means under.
Some might describe that as actually meaning
being under your own genius.
But no, I just think it means
dumber than a genius.
Almost everybody qualifies.
If you got 35 bucks, you can prove it.
I have proof that I am still a subgenius
because I lost my camera here,
I think, in a porta potty.
And all of a sudden, I'm sitting here, and I'm like,
I'm going to be a subgenius.
And also, some other subgenius lost this little
Canon battery pack,
which is probably worth something.
My camera's not worth anything,
but the SD card in it might be useful.
It was a little black Panasonic
in a little plastic case.
And if you find it, you can turn it into
the Wisteria trailer
or the
Tridara camp or me
or the Ace information place.
So there's the lost and found part.
Anybody else have any lost and founds?
Oh, yeah.
Somebody lost their groove.
Yeah.
If you find anybody's groove,
take that to the Starwood information booth.
Now, one of the best things about Bob Dobbs,
aside from his handsome looks,
is that he's what we call a short-duration personal savior,
or in the original Tibetan,
short-duration.
Or as Charlene said,
bumper sticker says,
a temporary profit.
I like that phrase.
That's a new one.
And this is a society
that's centered around
planned obsolescence.
When you buy that computer,
it is going to go bad the day
before the warranty runs out.
Same with cars.
Same with, oh, I guess spouses sometimes.
All kinds of stuff can end up being...
You know, they keep you alive
while you're into it.
A really short-duration person,
personal savior.
It might be a book you're in the middle of reading.
Well, nobody does that anymore.
But say a DVD that you've really liked.
Or a porno star you're enamored of.
You know, it's a...
All I can say, friends,
I can speak for myself.
J.R. Bob Dobbs and Church of the Subgenius
honestly did give me slack.
You might say I'm fucked up on life.
I'm also a preacher.
I'm a preacher of habit.
I maintain the faith in Bob, the FIB.
I'm still waiting for July 5th, 1998
when, as Bob prophesied,
actually he was told by the alien space god Jehovah One,
on July 5th, 1998,
the men from Planet X will arrive on Earth,
rupture up the dues-paying subgeniuses,
give them the big rock candy planet of their dreams
where snow falls up and it's rubber cactus
and you get everything you want.
And you may say, well, don't you guys feel kind of silly
gathering every year, July 5th,
and getting up at 7 in the morning
to wait for saucers that haven't come since 1998?
Well, number one, it's the only time during the year
when I have to get up that early.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Number two, obviously what this tells us,
unquestionably, is that we don't know what year this is.
1998 hasn't happened yet.
We don't know what year this is.
We don't even know what planet this is.
And just as you can find proof for anything you want to believe,
if you read our out-of-print book,
the Cyclopedia of Slack, which you can't read,
it pretty much proves that Mars and Earth were switched
using World War II as a distraction.
But I don't expect you to immediately believe all that.
Sooner or later, sure.
Now, as I have to do every year, I
have to read the Starbuck tour guide to see what I'm doing.
And I'm sure many of you do, too.
Well, here's what you're doing.
It's 5.30.
It's the main stage.
And this is a sermon called The Antidote to All Placebos.
And really, the whole sermon is in the description.
Do you depend on medicines or even philosophies that you've


got?
Do you suspect might be placebos?
After the sermon, you'll know for sure, because none of them will work anymore.
Maybe that's not the best way to get attention at a hippie festival, it says here.
Let's start again.
Okay, this is more like it.
The Church of the Subgenius is the coolest of all feel-good New Age religions.
You might even get a chuckle or two.
You've heard of rodeo clowns?
Reverend Ivan Stang is a religion clown.
He taunts his god, J.R. Bob Dobbs, and Bob charges him.
Hilarity ensues.
Bring peanuts to throw at Bob, not Stang, and get him further enraged.
Perhaps he'll gore Reverend Stang this time.
Yes, it's like watching a bullfight at Subgenius, the Archie McPhee of world religions.
Praise Archie McPhee.
All right.
Well, the bottom line is, friends, Bob Dobbs is the answer.
But what is the question?
That's the question.
I don't know.
I think I don't know.
I know I don't think.
We'll figure out.
Well, as a great man once said, all being smart means is you do stupid stuff in a more
elaborate way.
Reverend Ivan Stang.
Said that.
And I have a new rant.
All of the stuff I did, of course, was 30 years old.
But I have a new rant, and I have to read it to do it properly.
So you'll forgive me if I don't look up as if I'm making eye contact with the audience
quite as often.
It's all boffo anyway.
It's all fake.
Listen up, you yetis.
I've got a subgenius bone to pick with you.
How many of you are paying attention?
How many of you can actually put down the fork or the controller or the remote or the
computer mouse for five Dobbs forsaken minutes and listen?
How many of you can scream?
Can I hear you scream?
Praise Bob.
Yeah, that's good.
Very good.
Because if not, you're certainly not paying attention.


You couldn't possibly be paying enough attention to your surroundings if you aren't on the
verge of screaming every second spent in this modern blasphemous cacophony of anti-slack.
We are trapped in the goddamn bizarro subgenius world.
Isn't it obvious?
Doesn't it seem a little too perfectly aligned against us?
As if it was created to be the oil on our water, the kryptonite to our Superman, the
stiletto heel to our waterbed.
If it doesn't seem that way, then you haven't been paying any attention.
But you're in luck because Bob doesn't care that you pay attention.
He only cares that you pay money.
But is that really enough?
$35.
$35 for an ordainment just once to the subgenius foundation?
For a lifetime's worth of art and music and bulldada?
Well, like any good salesman, Bob included some fine print in his contract.
Sure, $35 will get you a seat in the nosebleeds of the saucers and your own little rinky-dink
planet.
No pickup service included.
Supplies are limited.
Act now, then wait for X day.
But is that really all you wanted out of your life?
To be a spectator?
To be a looky-loo?
To rubberneck the bounties of life from the comfort of your armchair?
To soak up the effort and creativity of other subgeniuses like a sponge?
Is that really going to bring you slack?
Ain't no one ever died wishing they'd have tried less.
No one ever died regretting how much fun they had.
Unless maybe the fun killed them.
And if so, Bob, speed to them!
Bob's speed to them!
There's no shame in living yourself to death.
But in order to do that, you gotta get up and live.
This ain't no Sunday church picnic!
And it ain't no goddamn buffet line.
We don't want to get your asses in the pews, we want to get them jumping out of the pews.
There certainly ain't no stadium seating, cushioned chairs, and no damn VIP section.

This is a religious pit and we don't need permission to mosh our asses off.
We are the demonstrable-
Blah blah blah.
Take 2.
We are the demonstrably monstrous.
We are the incredibly incredulous.
We are a pack of vehement behemoths.
Our fervor leaves them out in the cold.
But until X day, when we put the heat back on, we're not going to be the demonstrable

beast.
We want you out of your seat.
We want to see you live and die on your feet.
So you know the drill.
X day is a-comin'.
So get off your ass and show your worth something.
Praise Bob!
And didn't that sound like something I would write?
Actually that was written by a 29 year old young woman named Reverend Baby Bear.
And she said, I'm gonna be a man.










She might have done a better job, but she is very squeaky and small.
She did some of her own rants at X day last week.
And you can hear them on the subgenius hour of slack at subgenius.com and various radio
stations.
So with that little pep talk out of the way, now we have to get to the grubby stuff about
the others.
Okay.
The conspiracy.
That nice lady at the post office is always so friendly and helpful.
She's going to die horribly on X day because she didn't send her $35 to JR Bob Dobbs.
Isn't that sad?
No.
Not at all.
Friends, we're not going to tell you what to do because you might say, we're the mind
your own business police.
Right?
We're the mind your own business jihadists.
That's how very strongly we believe that everybody should mind their own damn business.
And we don't get into serious political discussions much unless it's really fun.
Because most of us are of the persuasion known as patriots psychotic and narco materialists,
which can be shortened down to every yard.
Okay.
Every yard, a kingdom, every queendom, a checkbook.
Actually that's really sexist and sounded okay in the eighties, but somehow we're going
to have to do something with that line.
But it seems like lately the stupid fucking rednecks think that they're somehow become
cool again.
I believe that they've been empowered by the anonymity of the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the

internet and the fact that now that the internet's here, you can find somebody to validate anything
you want to believe.
If you could make up the most ridiculous excuses for why you're still a loser in a crappy apartment
and can't hold down a job and they keep talking about your drinking or whatnot.
I'm not so sure.
I'm not so sure that the internet is a boon to education.
It's more like a boon to excuses.
Really?
All you have to do is Google fellow loser and next thing you know, oh, you hate women.
You'll find a ton of guys that hate women.
You hate men.
You'll find a ton of guys who hate men or wait, anyway, you know what I'm saying?
It's a, it's really a mess.
I, um, I love my old ignorant rednecks, especially the one that lives inside me.
And my family, I was actually at a, uh, a family reunion and a very elderly, even compared
to me, um, relative, uh, was talking about one of the younger relatives.
It was like a college age kid.
He had really bushy hair and a bushy beard.
He looked pretty cool.
He was with an Asian girl with blue hair.
And my elderly relative was kind of going, Ivan, really now, come on, would you hire
him?
Would you give him a job looking like that?
And I went, uh, and, and she said, well, you know, we can see your face, Ivan, um, whatever.
So I pulled out a dollar bill and I said, would you hire a guy that looked like that?
Actually, I didn't, but I thought of it later and I wrote it down.
So you get to use it next time.
Next time.
Next time somebody complains about your little buddy with the long hair, just pull out a
dollar bill and go, yeah, I wouldn't trust anybody with the long hair like that or who
smoked pot or had wooden teeth.
Goal.
But really it's like the less you're out in the world, the scarier the world is.
If you go by television and the internet, the United States is a nonstop violence and
racial strife hell hole.
And yet.

Yeah.
And so when I go out in my neighborhood, which is actually very mixed, nobody seems to be
antagonistic about anything at all.
I have.
And, but again, that's people getting along and doing unto others isn't news.
And we have to remember that because everybody else seems to be forgetting it.
Honest.
You know, they do not look up from the bad news channel.
Yeah.
And I'm getting really tired of illiterate wing nuts of either wing anonymously lying
and trolling and insulting, trying to insult me bad.
And I do it so badly.
You know, it's funny how it gets to where you like the monsters more than the villagers.
No, I'm saying.
So you get these yo-yos on.
I'm the internet saying things like, yeah.
And this is like in response to an article about a lost puppy.
They cannot refrain from saying something like, well, it was white man that invented
puppies.
Or that being seriously, you've heard him say, oh, white man invented everything like
writing.
Well, no, I think Chinese had that first.
Well, they invented math.
No, no.
I think that was the Persians or probably somebody for that.
The Greeks did a lot of that.
Yeah.

The white man invented gunpowder.
No, actually the Chinese did that one too.
Here's the bottom line is news for you, dude.
An African invented walking up right.
An African invented tool using.
An African invented people.
So sorry, stupid rednecks.
The world is not going to move backwards for you to catch up.
And then climate change.
That's Jesus, man.
Whenever I see an article and I don't, I only read the news.
I don't do it on, I don't listen to radio or TV, which is why you may hear me mispronouncing
names and words a whole lot.
But climate change.
Well, I'm not a scientist.
I'm not going to tell.
I kind of gave up on making predictions myself.
That's 16 years ago.
Yeah.
But there's all these pundits.
I mean, you see an article again, it can be an article, anything about science, anything
at all.
New dinosaur discovered.
These expert Al Gore invented the internet.
Yeah.
Climate change.
Well, this is somebody else's writing.
Global warning and climate change is often explained by pundits as not the fault of humans,
especially not companies.
But it's because of this.
The sun getting warmer.
Okay.
Now to go to the ultimate next step using their logic.
Therefore we must fight solar radiation there on the sun.
So we won't have to fight it here in America.
And we know that the liberation of the sun will be a cakewalk.
Mission accomplished.
The sun spots will welcome us with parades and flowers.
The prominences will become McDonald's.
The sun spots will welcome us with parades and flowers.
And the flares will provide power to pay for their liberation.
The lost tribe of solar green energy demons will be our natural allies.
And our intelligence indicates there is thermonuclear activity hidden in the sun.
In the core of the sun.
If we hesitate to invade the sun, it will be too late to save ourselves.
To oppose this fully justified preemptive strike on the sun is to embolden the enemy.


And proclaim your treason.
So death to the sunnies.
Mission accomplished.
There we go.
Isn't that beautiful?
It does seem that way.
Here's another sad thing.
While I am here talking this bull, poor old Harvey Wasserman is earnestly trying to tell
you the truth about real government conspiracies.
And I'm not going to do that.
I'm going to tell you how to fight, in a practical way, the real conspiracy.
There's probably more people here because I think what we're talking about is not how
to fight the conspiracy, but just how to survive the conspiracy.
All we want you to do is not kill yourself until next day.
How's that?
That's only a year.
So you can make it a year, right?
That's how we do it.
But really, there are other things.


There are conspiracies for sure.
If I was really rich, I'd probably be in the rich people's conspiracy.
I hear that one's really fun.
And that may be the main one.
But you know, we've grown up hearing about the Kennedy assassination conspiracy.
Where are they hiding the UFOs?
Bush, Obama, Obabo.
That's the new enemy.
Obabo.
The preseserp.
You'll see him eventually on the internet.
Actually, it's just a picture of Obama mirrored, flipped, and photoshopped.
So he looks a little like Alfred E. Newman.
It's very funny.
And it says Obabo, the preseserp.
So from now on, friends, whenever anything goes wrong, I broke my shoelace.
Thanks, Obabo.
They're out of canned peaches, my favorite brand.
Thanks, Obabo.
It's all somebody else's fault anyway.
Oh, and the fashion conspiracies.
The ones that tell you who's hot and who's not.
Boy, do they get it wrong in my book half the time.
I still subscribe to Famous Monsters of Filmland for my porno.
Anyway, yeah, the PC versus JC and so forth.
Redneck is in again.
It really is.
It's the conspiracy of the normal people because they want everybody, come on, man.
Aren't you normal?
I've read some guy bad mouthing some brand of computers because, well, I guess it was
Apple they were bitching about.
Because normal people, sure, those Apple fanboys like the Apple stuff.
But normal people don't.
That's the conspiracy talking.
I'm afraid.
I need a Mac repaired, by the way, if anybody happens to really know.
So it is a war, friends.
It's us versus them.
And I guess designing the humans back in the old days was probably our worst mistake.
And now we look like them and act like them half the time.
On the other hand, though, I think a lot of us here are what we call saps.
I'm not sure what that means.
I mean, saps, self amusing personalities.
If a subgenius or even an unsaved as yet unsaved subgenius like a number of you, if you get
stuck at a bus stop, I'm pretty sure that most of us have enough weirdness in our minds
to entertain ourselves looking at dirt, at least for a little while.
If you have a magnifying glass, man, it's downright scary.
There's some crazy stuff going on down there in the air.

that dirt. But the worst, very most tenacious and insidious part of the
conspiracy is the part in us when we don't think twice and say something mean
to somebody just because they were dumb. I mean like we never did anything dumb.
That's the conspiracy talking. You always feel bad about it later. If only we could
smell it coming ahead of time and I guess that's what some of us are trying
to do. But it's hard because you go to work right? And as Bob said, if you act
like a dumb shit they'll treat you as an equal. Sad but true. The day came when I
got tired of my fellow Texans going, how about them cowboys dude?
I'm not going to do that. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.
I finally said, I'm one of those fags that hates football. Okay, leave me alone.
I wouldn't recommend that in getting ahead on the job in Dallas, Texas. But you
notice I don't live in Dallas, Texas anymore. There is an antidote to the
conspiracy and that's slack. And although we can sell you lots of little slack
aids, we're not pretending that we're selling you slack. We're
just kind of doling out pep talks on a weekly basis on three different
subgenius shows around the country. They are all very different and they're all
free to hear on the Internet at subgenius.com. And strangely
enough they've all been around for thirty years! Yes it's true. But the
reason we don't try to tell you what slack is,
well number one, conspiracy is always telling you that. It's when you're
depending on the commercial you're watching or whatever,
it's when you're drinking Miller Lite and your team just won
and you're good looking and you have a good normal job
and you're normal.
Slack is really, true Slack,
is different for everybody.
For some people it is sitting on your ass watching TV,
smoking a joint or whatever.
For other people, it's frantically working on the thing they like to do.
The Cacophony Society calls that being in the zone.
We used to call it spouting.
We just call it Slack.
It's something for nothing.
Every time I come to Starwood,
I see an example of pure Slack.
I mean, you cannot get more pure than that.
Two nights ago, I guess it was during the Bardic thing,
there was a little kid,
I think it was a little,
yeah, it must be a little kid,
it must have been a little girl.
She was naked.
She was two years old,
just running back and forth in the mud.
She didn't need the band.
She didn't need the glow sticks
or the,
what would Afghan kush or whatever,
purple, silver.
All she needed was mud.
And let's see,
our friends Ben and Haley had that little kid,
Chameleon,
whose nickname is Bob, I was told.
That's very strange.
Chameleon had all he needed with a little train set.
Again, there was all these grownups.
There were beautiful naked women and men dancing around.
But the kid had Slack.
It did not need the expensive band or the light show
or Reverend Stang preaching at him.
You're born with original Slack.
But the conspiracy,
just whacks it out of you sooner or later.
It's very hard to hang on to that kind of Slack.
Of course, on the other hand, though,
and this is,
I had a very anxiety-ridden youth and middle age.
I was preaching Slack.
A lot of you heard it in the day,
but I did not have Slack.
I knew I was missing it.
I didn't have it.
Now, I feel like,
well,
actually, I guess since 2001,
when Princess Wee and I got married
and moved into that place in Cleveland Heights,
I've had pretty much Slack.
Everything improved.
It's called old age Slack.
Now, in the really good cases,
you can,
as you age,
you become less concerned with your image
and what people think of you
and more concerned with things like what's for dinner,
which actually makes a whole lot more sense.
And
if we can all strive to be examples of
not sitting on your ass watching TV
until you can't get up again,
then that's pretty good.
Dr. Critner there is an excellent example
of somebody who's made it
quite a long ways down the track
and is still up and running.
And I would like to do,
but you know, no matter how new age you get,
old age is going to kick your ass.
And it's tough being a large mammal
and fate is unfair pretty much by definition.
Which brings me to my good friend, Jeff Rosenbaum.
Is he around here right now?
I guess not.
Not sure.
He's still up there.
Well, anyway, he'll hear the tape.
Jeff invited me to my first Starwood in 19.
I was very suspicious because I'm the mascot rationalist,
materialist.
I'm a skeptic.
I don't believe in magic.
Although I've seen quite a bit of it.
Isn't that funny?
And I don't believe in ghosts,
mainly because I'm scared of them.
But Jeff invited me.
Sure enough, I came to my first Starwood.
And there are fundy pagans,
fundamentalist pagans who hate the Church of the Subgenius
and pretty much anything that is religious.
And that isn't part of their particular little clique.
But the non-fundy pagans love to piss off the fundy pagans.
That's why I'm here.
Praise Bob.
You're welcome.
Notice that most of the fundies aren't here, but whatever.
Anyway, my point was Starwood is really important to me,
personally, because that visit here in 1919,

ultimately led me to the slack that I now enjoy
in a pretty direct way.
I met all my Ohio friends.
I ended up marrying into Starwood.
The less said, the better.
But really, it did become slack, friends.
There is such a thing as slack.
And you can get it, so don't kill yourself yet.
Thanks, Jeff, and a big . . .
. . .
Last year, I mentioned that the original title of my sermon
was Praying is for Sissies.
But then I said, no, that's too mean, so I won't say it.
And then I went ahead and said it.
And I still kind of feel that way.
It's like, oh, really, God needs your help that way.
He needs you to tell him what to do.
He needs little old ladies to defend him from, say,
the Church of the Subgenius.
And their fiendish war on God.
Yeah.
Reverend Krippner . . . I mean, Dr. Krippner.
See, I'm getting stuck here.
Dr. Krippner mentioned healing ceremonies with his friend,
Rolling Thunder.
And I've actually had real similar experiences in a funny way.
By the oddest circumstances, I ended up working at the Rosebud Sioux
Reservation in South Dakota in the 70s.
They're actually called the Lakota.
Not the Sioux, I think is a Blackfoot name for them, meaning snake in the grass.
Whereas Lakota means human beings, like most people's names themselves.
But I had some experiences with a medicine man named Robert Steed.
I later realized, after I'd been to a couple of his
Uwipi healing ceremonies, that he was using simple stage magic.
Fooled me at the time.
But later I realized . . .
I had a very different kind of thought.
He warned us about that.
He said, you may change your mind about what you saw here,
but hold on to the feeling.
And what I think he was . . .
And it's true.
Scientifically, if certain prerequisites are in place,
healing will take place.
Whether it's Chinese medicine, Western, you know, the machine that goes ding.
In my case, my faith is in . . .
Very high bills.
High, high doctor bills paid by an insurance company.
That's my faith healing.
I used to think, oh man, I'm too much of a skeptic to have a placebo work on me anymore.
Nah.
A high bill will certainly convince me I've gotten my money's worth or something.
But the circumstances required . . .
What was it?
If the patient knows that the community respects a certain doctor or whatever,

medicine man, and if there's a place where you go that's a special place . . .
And what was the other . . .
There were three things.
Maybe the person, the place, and of course the community.
Praying may not do a damn thing, maybe.
But if you know people are praying for you, it might do a hell of a lot of good.
And I actually had a doctor, Dr. Larry Dossey, who was my personal physician,
until he got too sick to work.
And he wrote a . . .
Even if you don't know people are praying for you, you might have a slightly better chance.
Anyway, as much as I don't believe . . .
It's funny how often . . .
And not just regarding Jeff.
I've had several friends in the hospital lately, because I'm that age.
Funny if I didn't find myself waking up in the morning praying.
Not to anybody.
Certainly not Bob.
And, you know, because who knows who else might be listening.
But just, you know, it's so corny to say,
Well, I'll be thinking good thoughts for you.
I'll be sending good vibes.
That's okay if it's corny.
It can't hurt.
That's the important thing.
You know, believe or not believe, whatever.
If it's not going to hurt, go ahead and send those nice vibes.
Now, I get frustrated with my fellow subgeniuses,
many of whom really do get their slack from sitting on their ass watching TV,
smoking joints, drinking.
Drinking beer and being on the . . .
Wait a minute.
I'm just describing myself.
Oh, no.
I play video games.
That's different.
That's active.
I ran an experiment here last X Day.
The intention of the experiment was to get as many subgeniuses as I could
to stand up on their feet, walk, go off the road and into the woods.
Yeah, I know.
It's a pretty radical thing for some people in this day and age.
But I thought if I could get maybe half, just 25 of them to do it,
a couple of them might do it again.
And I did.
I got 25 people to walk into the woods, and here's how I did it.
I committed murders all over the campground and blamed them on Bob,
and we went on a Bob hunt.
Of course, since Bob was the culprit, he got away.
But we didn't reveal all that at first, or there wouldn't have been a hunt.
And really, there were no bodies, so I guess you can't say there was a murder.
But first, somebody smuggled their little dog, Snuckles, into the camp,
and the dog got lost or disappeared.
Well, the next day, we found Snuckles horribly, brutally destroyed.
It looked like a, well, it really looked like a bunch of chicken wings
that somebody had just finished eating.
It's disgusting what happened to Snuckles.
No person or animal could have done this.
Then, the Nostrils, Potter and Petal, were, well, necking in their car
when something, some huge, ferocious, sexual thing came out of the woods
and raped their car while they were in it.
Although they got better gas mileage because they used the gas pump.
I mean, the gas hole.
And the exhaust, the thing, was all blown out.
And then we found, who was it, the body, or just the clothing.
Blood-splattered clothing with no body of Reverend Bastard,
who was, there's always one at every festival.
That was really his name, too.
And he lived up to it, and we never wanted to see him again.
But he snuck back in, and, well, the thing got him.
Well, finally, we heard that the thing was down there at the Hickory Grove,
and we ran, that was when, luckily, we had a costume ball with the theme of warriors.
So everybody had squirt guns and Nerf bats, and I had a really nice suit of armor.
So I got them all to chase the monster down to the Hickory Grove,
where we found irrefutable evidence that the monster was J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Therefore, he won. He got away.
There's no point chasing him unless he wants us to.
And that motivated our burning, you know, where they do a bonfire here,
and I'll see you at the bonfire tonight.
We burn effigies of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Sometimes they're just a rough icon of wood,
but sometimes they're pretty good.

They're a very realistic dummy, a scary robot of Bob.
And I've noticed that after the first time we did that,
done the pawpaw patch, the first X Day we had here,
the pagans quit coming to X Day.
They were really confused by the way that the subgeniuses would act for a week,
like they were mindless followers of this Bob guy,
and then at the end of the week, they're peeing on him, jumping up and down on him,
cooking hot dogs on his flaming shoes.
Lighting joints off of his face.
So, anyway, I was really glad to get those nerds off their butts.
I'm a nerd too. I mean, don't get me wrong.
I used to say that I returned to my childhood religion science fiction.
Nah, that was pretty in it up.
My childhood religion is monsters, plain and simple,
and I'm still a monster nerd.
And that's how I got interested in religion.
It's got monsters.
It's like sci-fi.
There's all kinds of crazy stuff.
When you're a kid, where can you read about...
Well, now, it's very different.
But in 1959, if you were a stupid little redneck kid,
you wanted to read about cyclopses,
the only place you could go was Greek mythology.
You know, or Norse mythology.
They had cool monsters.
Well, at one point, it sinks in,
and you think, man, these people really believe this stuff
about this prophet who last lives forever and heals people.
Whoa.
Suddenly, the Methodist church adds up.
Oh, well.
So, yeah, I used to be frustrated with the sheer nerdliness
of half the subgeniuses, because, let's face it,
a lot of them are pretty on the sub side of subgenius.
Some of them are kind of nerdier even than me.
And then I kind of went, yeah, duh.
Of course, it sunk in.
That is what it's all about.
Sure, they're fucked up, because there really is a conspiracy
of normal people taking away their slack.
And of course they're fucked up,
and that's why J.R. Bob Dobbs is their god.
And now, to come close,
or to come close,
close to closing,
I think I have another 15 minutes,
I'm going to read another rant.
And it's another one that sounds like I wrote it,
but it was really written by a young lady.
I don't hate anymore.
I got slack.
I can't write like that anymore.
I honestly can't.
I don't have that much anger in me.
But, thank goodness, lots of young people still have
that horrible treadmill to deal with.
And they are writing really good rants as follows.
You guys just don't get it.
Fuck you if you can't take a joke.
You're just a bunch of bullies.
I thought you guys would accept me and understand me.
I have slack.
I know what slack means.
Why won't you listen to my wisdom?
Why am I the only one who gets it?
Meh.
Yeah, I understand what world you wish you were living on.
You know, the one that revolves completely around you
and all things live and die according to your needs and whims.
But have you any idea what world you're actually living on?
I don't mean which world you call it.
Mars, Earth, the planet of the clocks, whatever.
A pink planet by any other name smells just as foul.
I mean, have you somehow made it?
However many days, months, years, or decades,
you've been alive without coming to terms with your surroundings?
So what makes you think that a $35 donation once to any organization ever,
under any circumstance,
would absolve you of all responsibility in every action you take?
Just because Bob knows you by accepting your money
doesn't mean he wants to.
He has to.
He can't help it.
If Bob were a fisherman,
he'd throw most of your scrawny souls back into the cosmic ocean
and wait for them to fatten up.
But you paid your money,
so Bob must accept you.
That doesn't mean anybody else has to.
You still have to demonstrate that you are a subgenius worth knowing.
Otherwise, you're just another braying pink clamoring for approval
by going about it the exact wrong way.
If you already believe you're without fault and possessive,
you're just perfect enlightenment,
why even join Church of the Subgenius?
Why not just bask in your holy oneness with everything?
Or could it be that you desire community and kinship?
Do you desire to soak in group slack with fellow mutant weirdos?
Don't sell yourself short by assuming that you are without flaw
and not in need of growth.
That just means you're missing out on all the things you could be doing better.
You, yes you,
can improve at your own pace and in your own ways.
Or you can stay stunted and bored,
but I don't recommend it.
Do not sell yourself short
because Bob Dobbs wants to sell you long.
He wants to tickle your forebrain
until you're sneezing slack,
until you're so swollen and bursting with slack
that you barely fit into a soul canister.
Until you have enough of it,
until you have slack reserves to live off of,
even when you're being browbitten by the conspiracy.
Until you can understand those prophetic words spoken by Zeppo,
who is the church AI, by the way,
slack will get you through times of no slack.
It's true that a robot said that,
but it actually makes sense in this subgenius way.
Friends, do not wait for the men from Planet X,
the Exus,
to come along and solve all your problems.
Then you're just like any other whiner
waiting for the government to come fix everything.
Or you're just like every other religious nutbag
waiting for God to swoop in
and for death to whisk you to the afterlife
where everything is perfect forever
and there's no struggle
and you forget about any person on Earth
that you might have cared about
who may still be struggling.
Do not wait for the men from Planet X,
do not neglect the before life.
Do not be a cud chewing cow waiting for the slaughter,
waiting for the big fix,
because believe me, they'll fix you good.
Do something now!
What do you think it means to build your own saucer?
You are your own saucer.
Your brain is...
...blah.
And remember, part of the beauty of the men from Planet X,
the exus,
is that we all get off together.
It depends entirely on you
whether that is a good thing or a bad thing.
And those are the words of Reverend Baby Bear.
And, you know,
if people go around...
Oh, every ex day, people go,
oh, we could have had a new government
that was all better than the other one.
Instead, it's just kind of the same.
We could have new churches of genius,
it'd be powerful.
We could have new coolness where we'd be cool.
Hey, what are you waiting for, friends?
Are we going to cooperate with those losers,
the exus, the men from Planet X,
and the Jehovah One, Bob?
Geez, man.
Make your own slack.
Bob is not the answer,
and neither is anything else.
Praise Bob.
You must learn to think for yourself.
Only Bob can show you how.
And you must question authority.
All right!
That's all.
Thank you. That's good.
Been reading your prescriptions.
And fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Praise Bob.
Thank you very much.
Now, they're going to need to start setting up the band
in about ten minutes,
but if there's anybody with them,
I'd be willing to answer with really life,
you know, life or death question.
I'd be willing to answer it with something.
What I'd rather do is go over there and buy stuff,
because all the answers are actually in the book of the subgenius.
It will tell you everything you ever wanted to hear.
So the next time somebody argues with you,
just show that to them.
Go, I've got Bob and you don't.
That makes me better than you.
I don't have to be smarter.
I don't have to be better looking or richer or anything.
I've got Bob and you don't.
So there, that's it.
Bob sold it. I smoked it. That settles it.
What else is there?
Okay.
Hints to the swag table.
Oh, good.
One hour forty-seven minutes.
Twenty-seven seconds. Exactly.
Oh, and I got wristband number 273.
Only a few die-hard subgenius memorizers will understand the significance.
Well, I'll tell you.
The Discordian said 23 is this magic number.
Well, we decided that we'd make it harder and add another digit.
So 273 is the subgenius magic number,
and when I drove up to Starwood to register,
I got number 272!
So I said, can I swap this for 273?
And they said, here, take two of these things.
Forgetting that each of these things costs, A, $65,
because they mean another person at Wisteria.
But we took care of that in accounting,
and I've got number 273 and 272,
so I'm going to go vote twice.
I'm going to vote for Obabo, the Prez's Cirque.
Thank you.
Oh, look, I got a dollar and a half still.
You've been listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information, write to P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
or see www.subgenius.com.
Prez Bob!
