I will get straight to the point.
This episode is exactly like the last three in that it has the same elements.
ESO Swamp Radio from 2001,
Puzzling Evidence from 2012,
and Ancient Rare Firesign Theater,
plus Captain Beefheart.
Saves time, and it allowed me to get the Kindle version of our new book, Eyelash, out.
We'll start with the late Professor Chaz Smith
explaining the origins of Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave, a lot of people don't know this,
but Lonesome Cowboy Dave was the original Mr. Jingling.
That was so long ago, Chaz.
That was another life, and that was another lifestyle.
I lived then with a very, very, very dear friend of mine, still to this day.
Loving Mr. Horace Joris Nobo Monkey.
I was the inventor of the Betsy Wetsy doll.
Those were the days, weren't they?
I don't know, the sun never came up, but we still called them days.
That was a beautiful house.
We were feisty people then.
The glass was always half full, and we were always happy.
Wasn't that when you originally met Bob,
was when you were the original Mr. Jingling,
and you were hanging out,
down in the Greenwich Village?
Everything had tassels that year.
I think it was 1963.
What bar did you run into him at?
Was it Santa Claus, you?
I think it was Bob.
We were looking for records at Bleaker Bob's one day,
and I was wearing the tutu,
and he recognized me as Swingin' Sam,
also better known as Mr. Jingling here in Cleveland Town.
He could tell by my little elf tassels
and the fact that I had the cute arms.
How did that paternity suit ever turn out
between Dobbs and Santa?
And who?
His dad.
Santa Dog.
I don't know.
And I don't think it was...
Yes, but St. Nicholas, this is fact,
St. Nicholas punched another bishop in the nose
and bloodied his nose.
And sucked him.
Really?
The historical St. Nicholas?
Over the Trinity of God.
The original St. Nicholas in Turkey?
I swear upon Bob...
Who the hell is God?
Yeah.
The heart.
The heart.
The heart.

The heart.
The heart.













I can tell you shit, God.
Who the hell is God?
Who the hell is God?
Ask Dobbs one day.
That's the question we should be asking.
Suddenly, a lightning bolt struck from nowhere
on that bright, sunny day.
Bob did a backflip,
and from that day on, he too was a believer.
And from the snow,
wouldn't you?
a little child bearing flowers emerged.
And Chip, Chip, what else was on the TV show?
Each one a dirty flower.
St. Nicholas.
Sip, sicken.
Chip?
The historical Santa Claus is originally lived, as the caller knows, as a bishop in, was it Constantinople?
Yeah, like one of those.
It was in ancient Byzantium.
Yeah, Asia Minor in general, yeah.
Yes, and he was known for sneaking into the rooms of young women and leaving gifts.
Life-size lumps of coal, complete with a fake beard and a CIA Wall Street credit card.
A saint he was, the girl said.
St. Nicholas invented the CIA.
You got it, brother.
He snuck into people's houses through the chimney.
You got it, brother.
They knew when they were sleeping.
He knew when they were awake.
You got it, brother.
But like the CIA, he was protecting them.
Foucault knew that St. Nick was a creeping, stinking spy.
He knows when you've been sleeping.
He knows.
But you've been...
Hey, man, my kids still believe in St. Nicholas.
And who keeps that belief alive in their fevered, sick little brain?
Madison Avenue, of course.
No, the surveillance community.
And Disney.
Under your direction.
And the Reynolds Tobacco Company.
Miller Beer, you know.
If you're bad, he punishes you.
If you're good, he rewards you.
He's probably the closest thing to Jesus walking the earth.
He's the closest thing to Big Brother there is.
He rewards those who knows when they are smiling when they're awake.
I think...
I think, really, if you want to make a deal, you have to do it with, you know...
Could Dr. Claus, in fact, be the wandering, quote, milkman rumored to have fathered our
savior, J.R. Bob Dobbs?
Well, we find it a very likely possibility from the falsified documents we have here.
And also the fluffy beard that often grew on Bob's feet.
And the sperm count with the glowing red nose.
What could this mean?
Often, Dobbs' early girlfriends had to actually shave.
His feet, especially when he was...
Listen, if you're going to say Indians had to have flying saucers off,
and he had white fluffy hair,
and he's off his feet,
it was for sure the beard, the fake beard.
And I want one of them new robots with the real intestinal bacteria.
Yeah, what about...
And one of those robots with a fish brain for a brain.
They're sold out.
And a new pony boy to scrub my sink.
Their Toys R Us has no more.
And world peas.
Pat, Pat got a pony.
They're on the shelves.
For everybody.
For everybody.
Can't get them from Amazon.com.
World peas.
Can't get them anywhere in time.
Care Rots, not Care Rots.
I say.
Son of Care Rots.
Care Rots, not Care Rots.
Too late for Christmas.
Because there's too many Care Rots out there.
Not Son of Care Rots.
Well, that really happened.
I've been discovering these potion castle something surreal prank phone calls.
Prank phone calls, yeah.
Ah, well.
I like them.
You still in that voice jail?
Yeah.
Help me.
Computer Frankenprank calls.
Dot com.
This guy would call up people and ask for the notorious Nimrod in the parochial.
This is the show where people are missing.
No, no, Philo.
No sternum.
And of course, in honor of Phineas, Narco, no general.
And you can.
And you can you sell yourself.
Sucks on the show.
Yes, this is.
I just prove it.
We can.
We're free.
We're not a cult.
We're not a cult.
It's it's really stern.
Oh, is a show that we have to be afraid of.
Right.
You are not allowed to say those words, whether you mean them or not.
Sapa sucks.
You know, most of the time I don't mean, but you are not allowed.
And I've been tattling on them for weeks now.
But that's just a private conversation.
You say it on like.
No, on the radio.
No.
They almost beat me up for saying it in private conversation.
Just the very concept.
Zappa sucks.
Upset these Zappa cultists so much.
I was going, look, I'm just advancing the work.
If I say these words, what will happen?
And they said, you'll walk home.
No, no.
And they were not kidding either.
I said, you're in a cult.
And stern.
I said, no, I'm in two cults.
That's there.
Now I've told it five hundred times.
Dancing home from the show.
I'm like my dad now.
I guess I can't remember who I've told what joke to.
And I just keep saying the same things over and over again.
And what about these same stories?
Mr. Smith, they they all say the same thing.
That's what Facebook is for.
You get on there and you have to make up new stuff every ten seconds.
That's why I've been avoiding old stuff.
I can't.
I'm tired of that.
I'm just tired, tired, tired.
Oh, it's a dream.
It's me tired.
Do you like it?
I know what you mean.
I'm tired of it.
I haven't done that much.
Well, we did it before it was around.
We did it by tape and U.S.
Mail.
And I'm glad that the Internet wasn't around then because there were some pretty embarrassing things.
So goodbye.
I'm sorry.
Hello.
It's true.
It's really funny.
We had the Internet, but it was it was really slow.
It took days and there were only 15 of us.
Yeah, it was.
It was a lot funnier until the flaming and trolling.
And of course, you know, I think.
So.
It's always funny until somebody gets hurt and somebody's little brother gets her eye
shot out.
I think I found out about some things through the back of a thing.
Gloria magazine.
Really?
Of a what magazine?
Saying Gloria.
Well, huh?
Yeah.
I think that's memory serves.
I might have met Dr. Onan Canobites or that.
You know, I was just thinking I need to put on YouTube at some point pretty soon here.
The the subgenius gathering in Tucson, Arizona.
I think I saw it.



The hancock broadcast, i mean, last year's so hear that Bill Anecdote site.
I got the picture of her lastly, right.





In the moment, I think I did cork start seeing of the
Herringbone called Les.
Because I was traveling around väly in takes a basis of like Anschu heinigおおg my
god in the land till I can refer to And they worked like men.
They made him on your way.


They thought, you know, the tattoos and the tats and everything got to fight now.
And so I had to move my car because I was worried they would beat up my poor little car.
And then we go to show and all the power goes out.
Probably because of something Chicken John did when he arrived with a bus full of folks.
All I remember is Nikki and her special S&M outfit.
Yeah, I should remember that.
Maybe I was too overwhelming to look.
That's all I can remember.
And the giant talking flaming mouth Dobbs said, I am the great and powerful Bob Dobbs.
Hal was doing the voice.
And my boy had made a giant Dobbs head out of paper mache that actually belched flame and had flame coming from its pipe.
And with a really hard tug of a rope, you could pull the thing's jaws up and down.
And make.
Make it speak in Hal's voice so I could ask it questions.
I am the great and powerful Dobbs.
Yeah.
Yeah, I like that.
How later did that with the giant buttock at Burning Man, I think.
Or maybe it was before.
That was very funny.
Yeah, I'm not sure where it fits in the timeline.
I think it's later.
But Chicken John made a giant really.
You couldn't even tell it was a butt.
It was just a giant thing of polyester.
Of the trash bag polyester.
And then the people of the fire department came by and said.
You can't do this.
And so Chicken John said.
You're right.
And burn it down.
So they flex a little plastic flying across the playa.
Like a million trash cans on fire.
Now, I heard that Mongoloids talking Dobbs had that was like six or seven feet tall.
Yeah.
At least.
Yeah.
Was it ended up being left in Tucson.
And somebody said, I'll take it and put it on my front lawn.
And they live next to the main freeway through town.
So everybody driving to work has to look at that.
Horrible.
And they have to put their face down there on somebody's lawn.
Nice.
That's the way to do it.
See, this guy knows.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So didn't that to show us that watermelon or a sweet potato.
Pick up the mai.





The The Angst full, because we are unable to see Derek out of his classroom.

Eued C worldlys rI.





Oh.
Boy I'm clever.
TV was good this week, though.
Late last night, I saw a travelogue about Fiji, and I learned something really interesting about Fiji.
Excuse me, was that with Baxter Ward?
Yeah, that's what Baxter Ward was talking about.
Baxter was narrating it, his informal method that he has.
You studied the same school he did.
That's right.
A famous speaker school.
Yeah, me too.
I studied there too.
I went there, you know.
Oh, did you?
Yes, yes.
I was a 400-pound weakling, used to walk with the muscle beaches, you know, looking for
an angry sock.
Now, I'm a weakling.
Now, I'm on radio.
It's wonderful.
A famous speaker school.
That guy's 300 pounds, you know.
That's right.
He used to be in the Marines.
It's all in my throat now.
Yeah, you've got that under control.
You've got a good, you're a personable guy.
Oh, you're from there too.
Yeah, sure.
I studied there.
I remember hearing you were the booth next to me.
I didn't speak like that.
Yeah, I remember I was the guy who couldn't talk at all.
I remember.
Nobody understood me.
People used to punch me out.
I'd go up and I'd ask, I'd like a direction.
I wanted to go somewhere, I'd go, hey, hey, take a testify.
Boom.
Oh!
You thought I was being, you know, fresh or something.
Now I can communicate and believe me, I'm grateful for it.
Oh, you sound great.
I've heard you on the Top 40 show, right?
Yes, I've spoken in the Top 40 show, yes.
Yeah, it's great.
It's great.
I've spoken in some, I've spoken in 40, 50 shows.
Don't, you're speeding him up.
This boy has to take it very slowly here at the school.
I'm okay, teacher.
I'm okay, teacher.
Now you just take it easy.
No, no, don't get tight.
Loose your head.
Throw.
Ow!
Fine.
I'm listening.
I'm hearing in, being number one on the monsterny.
That's one of our boys.
I'm practicing that.
He's coming.
You're coming along all right.
Yeah, I'll have it down pretty soon.
Let me try one.
Let me try one.
Could I?
Right?
All right, here's our star student, Charlene Yakamoto.
Go ahead, Charlene.
La Cienega car wash.
Yes, La Cienega car wash.
Get your car washed in an atmosphere of congenial living.
Yes, and while your car is being washed from the inside out, you'll browse in our modern
browsing room where car accessories are displayed.
That was a real swell commercial, kids.
I think you're ready for the big time.
My mother was so surprised to see me come home talking like this.
Oh, she was never so surprised.
I bought her off, though.
She's not unhappy about it.
Well, it's good you only do voiceovers, though, Henry.
It's all I can do.
They won't let him get on the bottom.
Well, anyway, as I was saying, I'm going to go to the bathroom.




Go ahead.
Go ahead.
I was watching this TV program about Fiji last night with Baxter Ward.
Oh, that.
Yes.
I haven't gotten back to any of the things I was interrupted about.
Oh, that's because drug usage, you see.
Very good, Phil.
It destroys your memory.
Your what?
It destroys your memory.
Your what?
It destroys your memory.
Your memory.
Oh.
I read an article about that by Dr. Shoya, right here.
What destroys your memory?
Oh, do you have, there was something on him in...
No, but what was I saying?
I have this life-
Oh, no.
No, no, wait a minute.
No, you can't confuse me.
No, you can't fool me, Phil.
No, no, I wrote it down.
You know.
I know you know.
I was talking about Fresno.
Dr.
Dr. Here it is.
Here it is.
Dr. Talking about Fresno.
Oh, you got it.
I got it.
It's right-
Dr. Saying about Fresno.
Right here.
I forgot to-
Dr. Oh, you forgot to bring it.
No, no, I forgot.
I forgot the-
Dr. The-
Well, I can't say no that I didn't forget to bring it because I don't remember exactly
what I-
Dr. Can't forget no what?
Will they remember?
Or will they forget?
There's no telling on the-

Dr. Dr.
Dr.
Dr. Was that one of those original Martians trying to tune in from afar?
Some people don't think Mars needs Connie.
Is it space laughter?
I don't know.
Dr. Mars needs Connie.
Earth needs Whitney.

Earth needs a hell of a lot more women.
I think if Earth would tip the scale the right way for us guys,
I think our problems would finally be all over.
I think if there was, instead of 1.6 women for every man,
what if there was like 1.9 women for every man?
Well, that would certainly make things easier on me.
There would be more women for me, too.
You would be more womanlike,
or you would be more womanly from the contrast of so much womanhood around you, too.
You could take it five or seven ways.
I take it any way I can.
Well, I'm sure you do.
Does the word lowlife...
Watch five or six or seven men and women doing it.
I'd rather be five or six or seven men and women doing it.
Yeah.
That's beautiful.
But what would a cacophonous experience like that be?
It would be so...
It would be so confusing.
You would not know your own id from your own tid.
Not only would you remove your own head from your own body,
but you would actually be forcing yourself into a situation
where you'd be looking at yourself from the inside.
There's no law against wearing such apparel on the street.
As long as it can be distinguished that man is man,
woman is woman,
and woman is woman.
I think you're just a big boy.
My significant other is a pre-option sexual.
As long as it can be distinguished that man is man,
woman is woman,
crime is woman,
and woman is woman.
It's a pleasure, isn't it?
Crime and giving yourself over to pleasure.
Man is man.
Man is man.
Man is man.
Man is man.
Crime and giving yourself over to pleasure.
Good evening.
This is Lewis Marshman speaking for myself
and my thousands of fellow professionals
who, like myself, are responsible for speaking to you as I am at this time.
We are all involved in a national news emergency of such magnitude
that only now can we pause for a moment,
to distort its proportions back to our own limited perspective.
The credibility gap now stretches beyond the international dateline,
so that lies fabricated in the foreign press are repudiated in our local papers
the day before they appear in the country of their origin.
The advance of science now allows us to bounce our information off the planet Saturn,
but none of it has returned,
leaving our global home bereft of news.
And so, concerned citizens like myself sit here tonight,
with absolutely nothing of any importance to say.
Then let it be said,
not to enlighten,
but to inform.
Our generation has achieved failure at the cost of its own success,
and our great-great-grandchildren are paying for that powerful failure.
But they're too young to work in the dark,
so we must lend them the little immense energy left
to help them shoulder that impossible load.
Yet debt has never frightened us.
It is, after all, the currency of fear,
and fear is where we're rich.
We have learned to hoard despair and make it pay great dividends.
The shadow of a chicken in every pot.
The freeways jammed with empty holiday cars.
One hundred million television sets turned to face the wall.
Yes, a rich land with cream in the coffee bread lines in their palms.
But the memory banks are closing,
because our youth and the young at heart refuse to gossip the good talk,
refuse to dance on the grid,
refuse to even pretend to be duped,
and a nation that can't be duped can't be made fun of itself.
I, and every other mind sewn together in this great circle of world thought,
gave up the declining years of their boyhood,
beat off every desire and phantom lover
to conjure up all the little people on the billboards you've loved,
and to be the first to eat so much.
Crunchy Caramel, Mr. Peanut, Captain Crunch, Snappy Tom, Little Bite-Sized Godzilla.
They're the children of my career.
Throw them in the gutter, and you drown my breakfast.
So come on, let's be kids again.
Let's listen to the radio and spoil our appetites.
Let's put on daddy's shoes and invent the atom bomb.
Or at least let's say we did it.
Or at very least, let's start storyboarding.
I'm sure I've got a few more things to say.
But I'm not going to be boring up some respect for the people
whose job it is to tell us about it.
Actors and soldiers are people too, you know.
There's one at your door right now, reading your number.
Let him in.
Just because he's got a snappy uniform on doesn't mean he isn't a cripple.
Just because I'm talking to millions of you doesn't mean I'm not lonely.
So give us a dime, or give us a call, but for God's sake, don't give us away.
Thank you.
And now back to the news.
Important editorial from the management of this radio station.
That was the late Peter Bergman of the Firesign Theater.
And now this, my theme song on bad days.
The Fire Sign Theater
I am the man of constant sorrow through his day.
I am the man of constant sorrow.
I've seen trouble all my day.
I bid farewell to old Kentucky,
the place where I lived.
I was born in gray.
The place where he was born in gray.
Music
For six long years,
I've been in trouble.
No pleasure here on earth I find.
For in this world I'm bound to ramble.
I had no friends to help me now.
He has no friends to help me now.
He has no friends to help me now.
He has no friends to help me now.

He has no friends to help me now.


Fare thee well,
my old,
true lover.
Dare yon go.
Now I'm lipstick near jumping Jaguar Kup 87.
song Lecture No. 0 Crown of Emerника Вот Gydo I 인� términ
I'm bound to ride
behind that northern railroad
Perhaps I'll die
upon that train
Perhaps you'll die
upon this train
You can bury me
in Sunday Valley
For many years
where I may play
And you may learn
to love another
While I am sleeping
in my grave
guitar solo
While he is sleeping
in his grave
guitar solo
Maybe your friends think
I'm just a stranger
My face you know
I'm just a stranger
I can see no more
But there is one promise
Promise that is given
I'll meet you on
God's golden shore
He'll meet you on
God's golden shore
guitar solo
guitar solo
That was not actually the fictional Soggy Bottom Boys from Oh Brother Where Art Thou, but a musician named Dan Tyminski singing an old song by Dick Burnett, a blind fiddler from Kentucky.
Now we'll go back to the Puzzling Evidence show, which becomes a bit star-studded later on as the callers include Reverend Bleepo Abernathy, Bishop Joey from the First Church of the Last Laugh, and the great visionary and slob Michael Pepe.
But in this one, it's just two Dougs and Phineas Norco.
I just remember wandering around naked.
What? Somebody said naked? What?
Oh, was that you that I saw wandering around naked at Burning Man?
Well, that must have been me.
Are you like 80 years old? Because that's how you looked at the time.
Did you ever see Trash Humpers?
Which?
Trash Humpers.
No.
Oh, you must see Trash Humpers.
I just saw a movie called Pig that Legume.
It gave me a link to. You can only download it. It's so violent and horrible.
It makes everything look clean and nice.
Trash Humpers is very so genius.
But it's shot on videotape.
Like old VHS videotape.
Huh.
I beat the socks off of that.
Trash Humpers.
Yes, you must see that.
Another must see on the endless list.
Endless must sees.
Keeps growing.
The sea of must sees.
A veritable ocean.
Longer than our lives.
More must sees.
Must see.
Typing them in now.
We must see.
The must see sea of must see movies.
And, uh.
TV.
Yes.
Yes.
Sé la finque.
Are the steel barbw innocence.

Is or fucking wild?


You're going to be left out.


That's so drunk.



You will get a delivery to work.



Okay.




They're continually my.
Love.
Me


You.
Thank you.
Thank you.
That was Captain Beefheart,
an unusual instrumental from Doc at the Radar Station
called,
A carrot is as close as a rabbit gets to a diamond.
We'll now go to the ESO Swamp Radio from WCSB Cleveland
just after the presidential election of 2000,
a clip in which a caller complains
that after 300 years as governor of Arkansas,
Bill Clinton didn't do anything about Doctors for Bob,
the infamous Little Rock subgenius band.
However, the caller was misinformed.
Bill Clinton was governor for 300 years
and our government was in the wrong.
He was in Arkansas
and he never did anything about Doctors for Bob.
Clinton actually, he did.
He married one of Doctors for Bob
in the governor's mansion.
Hey, so what about Bush's daughters?
Hot little things there, huh?
Little coke heads a bit, huh?
She's cute.
I bet they all get their coke from daddy.
Wouldn't that be terrible?
They would call him the Michael Corleone
of the Michael Corleones in the New York Times.
One guy, I forget if he was a guy or not.
Those are hired daughters.
Those aren't the real daughters.
That's what I thought.
They were like actresses.
Yeah, dancers.
They've been groomed for a long time.
Remember the old Soviet programs?
They all spoke Russian, too,
from an earlier program.
Crazy horse or something like that.
At least with Chelsea.
No, they used those for the jeans.
She was definitely the kid of both of them.
Of regular people.
Yeah, regular people.
These were especially bred and fed,
the Bush children,
each to resemble something in Elan
or a teen magazine or something like that.
And also to give...
They're perfectly normal looking
and attractive.
Very.
And if you're like...
Logical looking.
If you're a young, flushy or some person
that can only ditto an agreement to many things,
you get a look at that
and you stop thinking even more so
as your members swell.
Your group gets bigger.
Finally, normality has returned.
We can all be proud to be normal
and serve the...
You know, whoever.
Someone better and more important.
Someone is taking care of...
Someone who's got more money than...
Even me!
A master!
A true master!
Someone superior!
It's going to be just fine.
Someone I can work for.
Someone I can serve.
That's right, you'll find a new life in Bush Haven,
where everyone gets a special voucher
worth 29 cents towards the advancement of their career
or enrichment as a human being.
Everyone will also receive 45 cents
as transportation passage for one year.
Thanks to the...
Everyone will receive 40 acres and a mule!
It's our...
It's...
Welcome to the new New Deal
in the new old age.
Yes, 40 acres and a mule from hell.
Jesus is back with a...
coat hanger.
A rusty coat hanger.
Yes, Jesus.
Yes, the Lord has returned with a rusty coat hanger.
I think that says more than it wants to.
That says it.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Bop-bop.
Bop-bop.
We should make bumper stickers.
Sterno was going to make a bumper sticker.
Oh, if the Lord will...
20 years ago,
Curious.
when they were trying to outlaw any kind of abortion
that just had a picture of a coat hanger
and it said, welcome back.
Okay, here's a thought.
I don't want to be shot or procrastinated
or even put in the broadcast too late for the next 45 minutes.
What if instead of doing away with a lot of these things,
they want to do away with...
We did away with Jesus.
Bop.
Okay, forget about that.
That was a bad idea.
Bop.
Do you think anything would change?
I mean, it was just like an errant thought that came in there
and put a little mushroom cloud and left.
Do away with Jesus.
That's a...
Where do you...
How do you think we got...
That's what...
That's where they made the mistake the first time.
Ah.
Let's do away with Jesus.
That's how this started.
Ah.
Now, by the same token,
they decided they'd do away with Martin Luther King.
Well, this token is no longer valid.
So, let's just see what happens with that one.
This token is no longer valid.
They decided they'd do away with Mr. David Coray.
Now, you're going to need a transfer here.
Now, let's just see what happens now.
Besides, this token is no longer valid.
Oh, yeah.
They said they'd just do away with all those people in Bhopal, India.
Well, let's just see what happens now.
It's going to be a bummer, my friends.
It's going to be a total bummer, baby.
Down there on the south end of the flats,
I have to go to work every day.
Let's do away with all those people
that have to put meat on the table.
And potatoes and bread on both sides of the butter.
Let's do away with all those people
that have to do away with people.
Or at least have a way with poople.
Because those are the real pooples.
The pooples that we're trying to reel.
Mr. Sinoff, it's time to reel in.
Could you please sit down here, please?
Thank you.
Okay, just take this clipboard and put it on your knees.
You're going to feel a tingling in a few short minutes.
Just put your...
You'll let your eyes roll back in your head.
That's right, you're going to see a lot of silly things.
Have a little laugh before we go.
Ready to go?
Kill me, Bob.
I want to die for Bob.
I want to die for Bob.
They're signing off throughout the land.
People of America, people of the United Snakes,
please, please, if you can,
stay tuned to your radios, your appliances.
Stay close to your mixmats.
There are no DJs.
Or perhaps even your microwave if it has.
We're going to have to sign off the air.
It's going to be very special.
I don't want to sign off the air.
Why?
Stang, you stay here all night and stay on the air.
Stay away from your windows if you can.
I've got to do an hour of slack.
I'm going to get home.
Just do it live on the air.
Record it and dub them off when you get home.
Only two minutes.
So next week we'll be deciphering the secrets of the...

The secret of the Knights Templar and the Holy Grail.
Again?
Well, next week.
Yuck.
Not again.
This is a new spin on an old subject.
They're all based on satirical pamphlets written by young men
making fun of the occult trends of their day.
All religions were started that way.
Don't say that.
We're going to talk about it next week.
I'm covering it ahead of time.
That covers all male-order cults.
We're going to talk about how hog-raising is a dirty business.
You have to get rid of all that hog stuff.
You have to just hold the grass down.
Hog-raising ends in only one thing.
Hog killing.
And you've got to do your hog killing in the right kind of weather.
You can't sell...
That's why your hog will go bad before you get it down in there.
You can't sell a single quarter pound of bacon without killing a hog.
You've got to kill that hog sooner or later.
There's only one way to kill that hog.
That's with this knife here.
This one right here.
That my grandpappy gave me.
You're going to have to use this to prove you're man.
Get in there and kill that hog.
My granddaddy and his granddaddy before him and his granddaddy before him
passed this knife down to the ages just for the killing of the hog.
There's a hog snorting right there.
It's hog killing day.
Get down in there and kill me that hog.
Now do it.
Now do it or you ain't coming back to this family anymore.
You've got to kill the hog just like I did.
Cold blood.
Rassle with it.
Slit its throat.
String it up.
Strang it up.
Strang it up by its heels.
By its hind heels.
That's how...
They've got a bucking ham there.
Cut little sleeves around his little...
Listen to that bucking ham bucking up there.
Next to that buck board.
Its heels just a kicking at that buck board.
It's a bucking ham.
Now carefully slice down the middle there and you'll be able to get them guts out without making a big mess.
You know that hog operation you got is devastating to the environment.
On warm nights I sit up with my children and I wake up and I vomit from the smell.
I put my wife and my two sons and my daughter in my beat up old pickup truck and I drive away from the farm as far as we could.
Just to get away.
To get a cliff.
To get a breath without getting sick and puking.
It's horrible horrible smell coming from your hog farm.
Then we stop at the Amish restaurant and order scrapple.
To make us forget our problems.
Scrapple, pork chops, spam.
Might of good.
Thick sliced bacon they got there too.
Not bacon.
No not bacon.
Scrapple.
Then I drop back to my hog farm operation where it's just a smell bad.
That guy's a true subgenius.
What's better than one me a thousand me's.
My family just have projectile vomiting all day long.
We can't keep nothing down from the smell of my hog farm.
My hog farm's so nasty I can't even go on it without projectile vomiting.
That's what I'm walking through.
Hit it slashing around by my feet right now.
Sounds like the waves of a mighty lake.
Cooked up.
The tubular nerds album.
My song.
As sung by Merrill Womack.
Over and over again.
It's the same guy.
In this album Merrill Womack has utilized the modern miracle of hi-fi sound and multiple recording techniques to produce a full voice male chorus with as many as 42 different voices all done by one and the same person.
Merrill?
Produced in a way that leaves you wondering yet thrilled with the range, precision, emphasis and impact of the Merrill.
Merrill did that?
The message in the song.
Oh, it has a message.
When I remember little Merrill from when he was just a little scamper.
Yeah, but you gotta play the back whippersnapper.
So this guy would multitrack along with himself like tubular bells.
He's a one man band.
He could play every instrument.
He's a company.
Employingly. Forever and ever and ever.
Company by Dean Kincaid.
Give me some scrapple.
I need scrapple.
You know, you hog killers.
You got to give away some scrapple and some jerky and some grits.
Give them.
Unless you got a PCP.
We're just giving.
We sell our scrapple.
We don't have enough money to buy food for our children unless we sell our scrapple.
We have to sell scrapple in order to buy hot dogs, which are a step up.
Is that like bacon with eyeballs and penis?
Okay, now hot dogs are made out of rectums and penises, right?
Okay.
Lips.
Okay.
Scrapple is made out of what's left after they've already taken out the stuff for the hot dogs.
It's just stuff so gross that they don't even want to talk about it.
And mix it with corn and hair and cook it up real.
It smells faintly like hair.
Smells a little like hair.
A little bit like bacon.
A little bit like fried spam.
It's got a lot of protein, though.
That's the important thing.
And a lot of pink slime.
Yes.
Yes, scrapple.
And also the hairs on the inside.
Pink slime.
Pink slime.
That's what I'm talking about.
Scrapple is the official breakfast of the X Day World Committee.
Yeah, the X Day X Committee.
Are you going to play a little?
We do, actually.
We usually, you can usually get free scrapple at subgenius official X Day events in Ohio.
Free scrapple, if you know the right people.
Give me some scrapple.
Are you going to play a little?
Give me some scrapple.
I guess I should.
But, you know, you can eat the insides of people's, you know, intestines and liver and
kidneys and stuff.
It's got a lot of vitamins.
You've got to clean them.
You've got to wash them out.
Is that Michael Pepe?
Oh, yeah.
You wash them out.
Yep.
And, you know, if you pluck the hairs from people's nostrils and fry them, you get a
nice little kind of a buzz light.
Once again, we return to the show.








We're going to turn to that subject of nostril hair.
Yes.
Well, nostrils are vital.
What is it about the theme of this show that has suddenly become an honor?
Fried nostril hairs on top of it.
Fried nostril pubic hairs.
This is a creepy, creepy, creepy subject.
And you can cook and eat the dirt under your nose.
A lot of people don't know this.
If you're starving, just clean out your toenails, set them on fire, cook them up, you know,
sterilize them, and you can eat them.
And it's a great way to get rid of the bad stuff.




And you can save off, you won't have to eat your companion's buttocks.
Why wait until you're starving?
But your companion's buttocks seem like they're a lot more palatable than your toenails.
Well, that depends on your...
There's more protein in a buttock than the average toenail.
Actually, we teach you about this protein in step number four of the patented 13 steps
to super sexy sales success.
Oh, not that again.
The 13th step.
The 13th step.
You get to say 8% extra steps.
Dr. Drummond's patented 13 steps to super sexy sales success.
8% extra steps.
Dr. Drummond's patented 13 steps to super sexy sales success.
Wow.
With our 8% more steps than your average 12-step course.
Yeah, 8% extra steps.

You know, I don't even need the extra 12 steps.
I'm already too sexy.
You're too sexy.
Yeah.
Well, good thing about Dr. Drummond's patented 13 steps in step number four...
Six.
Six.
Six.
Step back.
Yes, step number six.
We teach you how to detone your super sexy self into a less super sexy sex self.
Oh, just so the people are more comfortable.
Yeah.






I'm not comfortable with you.
Well, there's sexiness, right?
Yeah, because people just can't handle the full on total sexiness.
Right.
We let, we help you tone down your sexiness.
Yeah.
But not in a way that's demeaning to you.
Right.
What about...
Dr. Drummondian pheromones simply overcome all inhibitions.
Everybody thinks we should...
That's in step six too.
We cover that fully in step six.
We spend about six weeks on it in step six.
Six weeks to a new sexy?
Six.
Six weeks.
Yes.
Six weeks.







Well, we can't do that in step six.

In step six.
You know, you'll be moving on to other, like other subjects in step seven, you'll be learning
the secrets to radio technology.
So you'll stay there at step seven, your whole life.
Oh!

So you can plug your nostril hairs into the radio.
You just stay there.
You're just there all the time.
Step seven.
Step seven in radio repair, you may be, you may get into the expanding, the mind expanding
and the...
Huge, fast-growing market of radio repair.
The nostrils are the center of the soul.
People know this.
People are listening to their radios smarter than they should.
They're listening really, really hard, and it wears the radio out.
That's right.
You have to take your radio in and get it fixed.
The nostril is like the sunroof of the soul.
I know.
And people wear their hair out too much.
The sunroof of the soul.
It rubs it down.
Well, that begs the question, Reverend Stan.
If the nostril is the sunroof of the soul, what is the moonroof of the soul?
That hole that they drilled at the top of your head in Dogstown, Dr. Drummond?
Yeah.
Ah, yes.
Oh.
And it's so much cooler inside.
Yeah.
I just felt really so much tension when that happened to me, when that was done.
I just didn't have thoughts anymore.
I wasn't burdened by thinking.
The heat of the thinking rises out the top.
Yeah.
You're so much cooler.
Yeah.
You're a cooler person, and the chicks did.
Exactly, because they know you're not thinking.
They know you're rocks.
You're not going to notice how pathetic they are, because you're mindless.
You've given up that thing that held you back in society.
Yeah.
It just happened.
So, Michael, what's going on over there in the city by the bay?
Oh, well, you know, we're fighting the use of computers to try to get my internet access.
Oh, yeah?
I'm trying to get Mac on dial-up, which is from a 20-year-old dream.
You've got like a modem that's like a 9,600-baud modem, though.
A 2,400-baud modem.
I just bought a modem.
I even have the modem so I can have dial-up.
I have dial-up for my Mac, but I tried it today, and you can't even get video.
You can't get the foreign videos I want.
Not on dial-up.
No.
Not on dial-up.
No.
No.
Not on AOL.
It's kind of like that time we went to the all-you-can-eat place.
Yeah.
Oh.
You could only dial-up a sip of mashed potatoes at a time.
I know.
Those days of Shoney's.
Yeah.
I just don't want to pay $20 a month.
That's all.
I'm trying to get it.
Oh, God.
You had to wait an hour just for one strip of bacon to come through.
Yeah, but we paid $20 for all the lobster you could eat.
Yum.
But then, you know, we went years ago.
I went to one.
They were called Yellow Houses down by LA.
A series of all-you-can-eat.
And they came in and said we couldn't eat anymore.
Wow.
Because you were eating all-you-can-eat.
We were food monsters in those days.
Tis a remorseless eating machine.
It was an all-we-care.
All-we-care.
All-we-care for you to eat.
Try it and have all-we-care for you to eat.
Yeah.
All we want to eat for you to eat.
All we think is good for you to eat.
This is all making me hungry for Scrapple.
Didn't they have a Scrapple shop in Berkeley?
What about a Scrapple donut?
We'll go to the 24-hour Scrapple shop.
Actually, the people that...
When I used to go into Scrapple donuts as a child,
because my grandmother lived just a block away from here,
and it had Scrapple-eating Minnesotan.
Big, two-round, big, white,
blonde Minnesotans who ran that place.
It was slightly different in its configuration.
And they loved Scrapple.
And they were chunky and...
They were happy, happy people.
They said, eh.
They said, eh.
They said, eh.
Yeah.
They were Minnesotan.
But I was looking up...
Is that Bishop Joey?
Canadians from Canada.
Are you Bishop Joey or am I Bishop Joey?
Oh, my God.
It's Mr. Shipping Pants.
It's Mr. Shipping Pants.
You must be on the bus somewhere.
Are you on the bus?
No, that's Dick Cheney.
I didn't know.
I didn't know he was listening.
Oh, my God.
We're headed for Los Angeles to take over Los Angeles.
Oh, my God.
That's right.
Bishop Joey is doing it for you.
He's going to sacrifice for you.
Take over.
He's always been that way.
So magnanimous in his benevolence.
He's humble, too.
He's very humble.
Don't forget humble.
I learned everything I know about humility from Bishop Joey.
When you look in the dictionary, you know,
the O-E-D, there's a picture of Bishop Joey.
It's humble.
Under humble.
We'll see Bishop Joey.
Under humiliation.
I mean, humility.
That guy that you think is George Washington, that's Bishop Joey.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, they put it under the wrong spot there.
That's right.
Now, what is this for?
Some sort of crash phony movie?
It's a movie.
It's an in-depth emotional documentary about the decadent events that led up to Bishop
Joey going down to L.A.
Wow.
No, I want to see that.
It's just now climaxing.
I'd pay 50 bucks to see that.
It's a historical moment.
I have a film.
Yeah.
I'm going to pay 50 bucks to it.
I'm going to.
I'm on KG.
Yeah.
A big donut.
The film crew is following me right now, and the film crew is shooting the last scene.
Big effect donut.
They will edit.
Oh, my God.
Oh, your God is right.
Before it goes on.
Okay.
It's like the History Channel.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.







Oh.
exclusives.


allegedly was no perilous vacay and took another knee shot.

Oh, boy.
. . . . it's . . . . yes . . . . . . . the doctor beanbags—and everything was fine for the在人之間,
Bernard Beanbag, the locally renowned and internationally beloved radio psychiatrist,
is out again to answer your craziest questions with utter candor.
Thank you, Ted.
Tonight's first letter comes to us all the way from Amousis Hole, Nebraska.
Dear Dr. Beanbag, please tell me what to do.
Our pretty little 13-year-old daughter, Liza, has started to hang around our local service station.
And when I say hang around, I mean just that.
She's a frankly precocious and well-built girl for her tender years, and doctor, we're worried.
You see, she has developed a crush all over her body for a sleazy 19-year-old boy who works the pumps.
And believe me, he's a bad scout.
We told her she was not to see him again.
And...
Although she skulked for several days and would not come out from under the couch, she seemed to be behaving.
On a hunch, I checked the couch at 11.30 one night and found she was not under it.
I sent my husband down to the service station, and sure enough, he returned with a full tank on, some blue chip stamps, and our daughter.
Last week, the boy's picture was in the paper in connection with a holdup.
We feel relieved because we know now he's in jail.
But Liza's taking it so hard we don't know how to deal with her.
The girl refuses to...
She's not going to eat and looks like the wrath of God.
Furthermore, she insists on sleeping in the dress she was wearing last time she saw him because she says it smells like him.
It smells like gasoline.
And we're afraid to smoke in the house, which is driving us crazy.
Thank God we're an all-electric family.
Are we wrong?
Signed, Flameless.
Dear Mrs. Flameless,
Wrong isn't exactly right.
Your little Liza sounds like a normal, rambunctious child to me, considering her youthful age.
And after all, don't you want your daughter to marry someone with this picture in the paper?
Besides, as a youngster, I myself loved the aroma of gasoline.
And for quite a few years, until college at least, I used to carry a small hanky soaked in Premium 66, my favorite brand.
As a matter of fact, Liza sounds like any somewhat disturbed, normal teenager
undergoing the first beautiful and gifted life.
I don't think she's a woman.
I think she's a woman.
All she really needs is a little professional understanding from an understanding professional adult.
Why not have her give me a call next time she's down this way?
A trip might do her all the good in the world, and once out of the home environment, you'll be able to smoke again.
And perhaps I can pump her for some further information.
And now, Dr. Beanbag,
an interesting inquiry from a troubled listener living in Mixville, Channel City, New Jersey.
Hi there, Dr. Beanbag.
I'm a carefree bachelor, 42 years old.
I live in a hut with my Hawaiian stepmother.
I support myself by repairing stolen color TV sets and throwing Stanley parties for parolees on weekend leave.
Now, hear about it.
It's not an exciting life, but at least it keeps the grass up over our heads.
Anyway, I...
I've recently developed a nagging problem, and I hope you can help us about it.
My stepmother, Laverne, is suffering from strange behavior.
She... well, she barks like a dog late at night.
She sleeps under my bed, howls when they test the air raid warden's sirens,
and acts as though she's never been housebroken whenever we have those unwanted guests.
My friends all say she's sick, but, you know, she is my mother, and I love her.
What should I do?
Signed, hopelessly perplexed.
Dear Hopelessly,
Too many old-fashioned people believe that slightly eccentric behavior is an excuse to shunt our loved ones off to mental institutions, and there's an end to it.
Well, today, with our asylums packed to overloading with hardcore addicts, hard-nosed political prisoners, and smart-alecky schizophrenics,
who, by the way, take up twice as much room,
it's no wonder you're perplexed, Hopelessly.
Those of us left in society must now learn to cope without expensive professional help.
After all, we all know that we're not alone.
We all know that mental illness is a popular national disease, and we must all play our parts.
So I advise you to humor your stepmother.
Stock up on doggy donuts.
Train her to a leash and take her out on a regular basis.
Praise her when she rolls over.
And speaking of that, a rolled-up newspaper slapped against your thigh will keep her in line, and perhaps even stop her from howling.
Count your blessings, Hopelessly. Just think.
You've got a swell companion, a good guard dog,
and if you come across an equally eccentric male friend of good stock,
you might consider raising puppies for fun and profits in your spare time.
After all, she's adding color, suspense, and excitement to an otherwise dull and desperate existence.
Get out of that rut, Perplexed.
Thank you very much for that one, Doctor.
Our next communication is postmarked simply,
Bismarck.
Dear Doctor,
This letter may be hard to read because I am writing it in invisible ink.
But it is unfortunately the only way I can do anything around here anymore.
Furthermore, I am writing it in the dark, so please excuse me if the words don't conform to the lines on the paper.
I really have a serious problem that you need my help on.
My family is trying to drive me crazy.
I know you're lying.
I know you're not stupid and screwy.
You give a damn message to my sister on the phone all the time
and I don't spend a damn day47
and I just let you do what always notice to do.
Never again!
We've done it, if you wouldn't mind,
This was a video for Mr. The Wolf.
In what way is this a video for Mr. The Wolf?
So, dang-dong, dang-dong, dang-dong, romantic interludes and stiff wet nights.
Come on, you all-day suckers, you all-night fakers.
Give me a break, give me a break, give me a break, give me a break, or I'll break, or I'll break, or I'll break, or I'll break, or I'll break, or I'll break.
Yours truly.
P.S.
Come on, Doc, cut it out.
No, don't turn around.
Just tell me, please, what is narcolepsy?
Is it punishable under law?
Someone told me what I meant, but I forgot.
If you help me, believe me, I'll never forgive it.
I'm listening, I'm literate.
Signed, George Papoon.
Not insane.
Well, no, you're not insane, George.
Narcolepsy refers to automatic,
or robot behavior,
robot behavior,
known to be a symptom of
Kraffner's disease,
or creeping epilepsy,
whichever comes first.
Both characterized by spiking,
Croft's ego-discontrol, amnesia, and confabulation,
although not necessarily.
Order that in.
Or verse vice.
Please, Mr. Papoon, don't lose any sleep over it.
They're just trying to scare you
like they do on television.
And remember, it takes two to play the game.
And after all, a little adrenaline
never really hurt anyone.
Well, that's all the time we have tonight like every night,
so please, if you are suffering,
write to Dr. Beanbag.
Send me your inquiries, no matter how queer.
Remember, a healthy mind is full of excuses.
Excuse me, and good night.
Tonight's Dr. Beanbag show was brought to you
by the Best Buy Best Book Club,
offering this month a new Best Buy Best Seller
from the Dusty Cellar.
Of our Best Buy Best Book Club warehouse,
which also carries the book of the subgenius,
the pamphlets, the bulldot of science fiction novels,
Eyelash and Neighbor World,
that's subgenius.com,
the incredible vast archive
of 40 years of subgenius everything.
My email is stang at subgenius.com.
And now this for you 40-year-old boys out there
my son's age.
It's just the time.
Now we've made a stand.
And for now the powers of darkness
have been driven from the land.
The battle's over but the war has just begun.
And this wait will remain
till the day when all the world
transforms.
Oh, the peace,
the peace,

the peace,

the peace,
the peace,
