No. No, stay where you are. For this is a time of slack. This is the Slack Hour.
This is the Slack Hour.
This is the Slack Hour.
I've invited Reverend Susie the Flusie of Bob's Slack Time Funhouse on WREK Atlanta and Reverend Fox of Hypercube, respectively, into joining me for a special show with no audience.
And it's kind of a nice glimpse of a really informal subgenius conversation. In other words, a real nerd out with three experts in bulldada.
The scene is the Wisteria Campground Cafe, called Caffeina's.
In the wilds of Southern Ohio.
Well, Susie, has everything turned off?
It's so sad.
I was about to do a show.
I was going to sit here and do a show.
And everything's been turned off, except for my little microphones here.
I could even put background music on.
I can put you on.
I can put a big old jock strap on.
Let's see.
Test, test.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
It's just me and Susie sitting here.
Doing nothing.
No show, no nothing.
It's a secret show.
Not a single.
It is.
Even we don't know we're doing it.
Not a, there's literally no audience.
There are people in the cafe, but they're all talking and doing things.
Lollygagging.
And the speakers aren't on, so nobody even notices us up here.
Loggy-gawling.
And no one reads the schedule, which says that there's a live hour of slack from 4.30 to 5.30.
Yeah.
Or is it already 5.30?
Is that the problem?
That's what it is.
Maybe it depends on your version of live.
Yeah.
Dr. Howell, Susie, and I are up here doing the invisible show.
Yeah.
It is 5.35.
Right.
Well, we're officially off.
That's why we're on, because they told us to stop, and yet we're subgeniuses.
That's what we do.
We're contrarians.
We're friends.
And Reverend Fox, if you want to be on the show for a while, you can.
I can?
Yeah, sure.
We're, since no one wants us to do a show, we decided to do a show.
I'm smelling something.
Pull up a chair.
Thank you.
The terrible odor of death.
Oh, that's me.
No, I'm smelling like some rotted animal carcass.
Oh, no, that's me.
Yeah, I've been smelling that over in this, if you stand around over there, and it's getting
worse.
There is the smell of a rotting animal carcass.
Something died.
I thought I heard something.
I thought it was a mouse, you know, under the stage or something, in which case it'll
be gone soon.
It may have been that damn dogs, because he didn't show up yesterday, and that's all I
know.
Well, and then there was that one asshole subgenius that somebody might have killed
him and just got, oh, you know, Reverend Asshole.
There's always one.
Was it Bishop Sphincter?
Bishop Sphincter?
No.
Bishop Bastard, Reverend Asshole.
No, no, I'm not being personal.
I'm just talking in generics.
There's always a generic Reverend Asshole.
There's always a generic Reverend Asshole.
There's always one guy who ruins it.
Who ruins it?
I thought that was chicken.
One guy.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you for my This Island Earth answer.
I had very bad luck with that.
Let's see.
This checkout islanders.
Now, Dr. Howell, don't talk to us unless you're on a microphone.
We're doing a show.
Don't talk to us unless you're on a microphone.
You can come sit in my lap.
Now, Dr. Howell.
Hal is a heckler.
If you're not on the mic, you're just heckling us.
We got up here and started talking because we had no audience.
The sound isn't on.
The speakers aren't on.
We're doing this for ourselves.
I don't go down to your street corner and screw around with your pencils, mister.
So, well, see, now that we have an audience of Dr. Hal, I'm all tongue-tied and nervous.
Oh, they'll hear us, unfortunately.
We have a blaze.
I don't hear you.
Is that thing on?
You're yelling to it.
Oh!
I'm not getting it.
Oh, now I am.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
This is very old, and it's a little glitchy like some people.
Wow, that was a new model I couldn't afford to get.
Back in 19 and...
45 degrees to the right.
Increase power sevenfold.
19.
95.
Adjust your antennas.
I'm taxed.
To frequency 282.73.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
We can't talk to you because we're not on the speakers and you're not on a microphone, Reverend Fight-Seek-Taj.
So...
And I see...
We're closed off.
Yeah, this is a closed off show.
There's a virtual force field.
There's an iron curtain of silence.
...has descended upon the sound waves.
Because I have headphones on, I can't hear anyone unless they're on the microphone.
Wow.
And that's...
We might not even actually be there.
This is probably the first time you could actually hear me then.
This is going to be much easier.
He might be just a-sporting with us.
I won't have to scream nearly as much.
I could put background music on, but I'd be the only one who heard it.
Right.
And it would be porno music.
We'd be saying like really meaningful stuff.
It would just be porno.
I forgot to bring up porno music.
In the background, you'd be walk-a-ticky, walk-a-ticky.
He would be getting off on it himself.
He would just take the advantage of the headphones and probably just push us to the side and enter his own slack-filled realm of audio.
I was going to do that, actually.
I was about to just sit up here and read off a book.
Oh, man.
He hates it when you tip his hand.
To myself.
He hates it.
But then I saw Suzi walking by and I thought, well, let's see.
Now that we're not doing a show, I bet she'd do a show.
Hey, I'm not that contrary.
No proof of documentary.
You sure as hell are.
I am.
Yes.
Yeah.
I'm opposite, girl.
That's what G. Gordon Gordon told you not to come up on stage last year.
That was his way of inviting us sub-juniors to come on stage.
That's the way he would probably say it to Puzzling Evidence or, you know, a few of us,
Philo.
He had a gun.
Don't you come up on that stage or I'll kill you.
Yeah, I'm sure he...
And as, again, why would you obey him?
Even if he was serious, which has probably almost never happened.
Maybe that one time with Mojo when they shot him in the fire.
I figured he liked the novelty of somebody seeming to fear him.
A novelty?
No, it wouldn't be as well.
I remember the old days when people feared me.
Back when I was Bob's bodyguard.
Back when I was 15 feet tall.
Yeah, back when I had a liver and a heart and a brain.
Before they replaced it with all these yucca-tisma parts.
What's the matter?
Haven't you ever seen a man with throat cancer before?
You know, that one fooled a lot of people.
Yeah.
He's got a scratchy voice and he had a little...
I gave him this little gift box that you could program a brief 30-second message on
and he recorded something very croaky.
It was the phrase,
What's the matter?
Haven't you ever seen a man with throat cancer before?
And he would walk up to people and hold it against his throat and turn that on
and then lip-sync it.
Lip-sync to the little box saying,
What's the matter?
Haven't you ever seen a man with throat cancer before?
Which is why I can say it with that exact same cadence.
I would love to hear it through wax paper.
That's the kind of thing...
That's what it sounded like.
It was pretty cheesy.
You know, I have a box of edited X-Day videos that almost no one has ever seen.
I started...
I was able to start editing video around X-Day 5.
And I edited X-Day 5 really hard.
And then I edited X-Day 6 really hard.
And then I put them up for sale as DVDs.
I was really proud of them because I used every filter,
every transition in Final Cut Pro that I'd stolen
and the ones that I'd stolen.
And no one bought them.
We sell one of those maybe three a year or something like that.
It's always just a pain in the ass to duplicate.
And I continued editing the...
Don't put us on the air.
Don't put us...
Don't...
Don't turn that thing on.
We're doing a secret show.
Yeah, this is a secret show.
Nobody's allowed to hear this.
This is all official.
Yeah, yeah.
It's sanctimonious.
This is great.
Man, they almost broke into our signal.
Anyway, I went to the trouble of editing X-Day 7.
I think that one's called Share the Load.
And X-Day 8 and 9.
I edited all those and I have my own little DVD that I can watch
that intercuts randomly between everything cool that happened.
And I've never even looked at it myself.
They're sitting in a box waiting to be seen by some nostalgic old subgenius.
You have the subgenius version of the Prince Vault, I imagine.
Oh, I do.
Actually, people who take that expensive online course
get copies of those X-Day videos.
I did turn them into little divics or MP4 or something.
I'll give you five bucks and a ride.
I'll take you into town.
Oh, you probably copied everything off of that drive.
I didn't get nearly as much.
I saw at least two and a half terabytes of bug porn.
And I tried to grab that, but I just didn't have enough time.
All of those PDFs of those scans that Philo had sent you
through your communique a couple of years ago,
I tried opening those up.
But unfortunately, I don't have a mastery of time control.
I don't have a mastery of time control.
I'm not a computer.
I don't know how to use Windows 7, so I'm unable to open those
with a compatible file viewer.
Oh, good.
But I'll crack your secrets eventually.
We have that technology.
Uh-oh.
Teeters has given Hooters the eye.
Teeters was peeping it at Hooters.
I forgot.
I left my pimple.
The Teeters Hooters stare down.
I destroyed some brain cells with church air.
You have to talk.
You have to talk.
Talk real loud if you're going to talk to us because we're doing a secret show.
We're recording.
They're just guessing what I'm saying.
What do you want?
Do you want a Red Bull?
Yes.
Yeah, I thought you would.
Yeah, the off-brand?
No, yeah, Red Thunder.
Red Thunder, yeah.
I'll take an off-brand energy drink.
You never ask.
I want a million dollars.
I know.
I have a grant for you.
I want a million dollars.
It'll be great.
I figured out how the church really works and what the true saying of it is.
Fuck them if they can't take a scam.
I feel like I've been fucked.
I don't think I can take a scam.
I don't really understand them very well.
Do you want anything?
I think I must be doing it wrong.
Ivan?
Huh?
Do you want a Red Thunder energy drink?
No, actually, I'm just fine.
You?
Strangely enough.
I would love one, actually.
Yes.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Okay.
In fact, I've got a drinker I haven't finished.
Oh, could you make sure my hot porn is available?
Reverend Hayseed and his diabolical liquor bar available.
I don't know how he does it.
He can pack more alcohol into a smaller space and make it taste really good.
You know, when I was sitting earlier speaking of alchemy to Dr. Howell,
and discussing the process of turning lead into gold,
I decided at this point I think I'd rather sit with Hayseed and learn how to turn water into gin,
because I'm pretty sure he's able to do that.
You know that's Hunter S. Thompson in disguise.
I haven't been saying much.
He was ready to kill himself, and Bob came to the door and made him young and Texan.
So whose ashes did they fire out of?
That cannon.
Some asshole.
It's not hard to get those.
Friends, you're hearing the voice of Reverend Fox,
who hasn't been on the Hour of Slack before, I don't think.
I have not.
I've listened to enough, and I've hit the subscribe button enough damn times on iTunes.
Well, I'm sure you're only supposed to have to hit it once.
If it was iTunes, if it was a different program, I'm sure, yes.
But iTunes on a Windows.
Because a computer is not terribly friendly.
I've actually had to resubscribe about 12 times every time I get to update my human centipad agreement.
Have you noticed how much easier I am to talk to you when I have headphones on?
This is amazing.
That's because I can hear you.
I have a sonic ear from when I was still working at the spy shop.
So the next time that you come through the Hypercube laboratories, I shall lend you my sonic ear.
Wow.
And we'll...
I'm sorry.
I'm saving up for a proper hearing aid, but I'm afraid I'll be saving for a long, long time.
Do you have anything to enhance my sense of smell?
Your sense of smell?
I mean, if you...
I mean...
Susie, you don't want to know.
There's...
Don't do it.
Don't enhance it.
You just don't want to know.
I believe we have a psychoacoustic track that could work, but it will cause the smell of mint to make you instantly vomit.
So unless you particularly enjoy after-dinner treats...
I would...
I would definitely reconsider that.
But other than that, we have options available for olfactory upgrades.
Of course, I haven't needed any assistance with that myself since having my nose broken in twain by a football player several years ago who was not right with Bob.
So I...
And that helped your hearing?
It didn't help my hearing, but for some reason I can smell something really...
It may have opened your third nostril.
It might...
I might not have needed to go to Dobstown and drop that $3,000 for that surgery.
They do it anyway, though, don't they?
They'll do it, yeah.
Whether you need it or not, it's a PPO from hell.
Huh.
My insurance company wasted a bunch of money on that nasal...
What do they call it?
Shoved popsicle sticks up your nose to ream every core out your nose so you can breathe.
I had twisted septum or whatever it is.
Went and drilled it open.
And suddenly I could smell how horrible the detergent aisle in the supermarket was.
Yes.
And also how awful I must have smelled all those years of smoking Marlboros.
In my days of being a little junior reverend, I had a...
Whenever we entered a Winn-Dixie supermarket, in Kennesaw, Georgia, this particular Winn-Dixie,
I had a...
A very strong, overpowering bleach smell.
And from the time I was a newborn, I would vomit instantly upon smelling it.
And up until the age of four or five when they decided to open the Kroger's for me to be beaten in the aisles in,
it was...
That was all we had.
And as soon as we headed towards the door, they brought the mop and bucket.
They said, here comes that little vomiting bastard again.
The little sissy part.
He vomits.
And he smells anything disinfectantly.
Well, I can identify that smell to this day.
And most Winn-Dixies still have that very distinct odor.
Yeah.
In the supermarket.
With something masking the smell of death.
It was quite frightening.
Diminishing profits.
Well, that beats the ones who don't fight that smell of death.
The Piggly Wiggly, for instance.
Now, you go down to the Piggly Wiggly, you're going to smell that butcher shop back there.
I've never seen any of those pigs wiggle.
I think we got a class action.
Turn up the air conditioning.
It's a wiggly pig, as Steve has said.
Or something like that.
It's a Piggly Wiggly world.
There's always something about a mascot that seems just so happy to deliver itself to its own slaughterhouse.
Quizzling pig.
Yes.
They always seem to be dancing with such joy.
Yeah.
Barbecue restaurants are the only place that really glamorize what you're eating as you're eating it.
Just pig.
Pigs everywhere.
I mean, you don't go to...
And half the time they're carrying a pork sandwich in their hand or a pig in a blanket.
Or they have an apron and a chef's hat on and some stylish sunglasses.
Right, they're running good.
Cleaver.
Now, you know, I saw a porky pig say the most startling thing in one of those cartoons he starred in.
He, um...
A Daffy Duck or somebody said,
Oh, your sister wears army boots or something like that.
Mm-hmm.
Or your sister...
Does something, something.
Porky goes, my sister doesn't wear army boots.
My sister works in a butcher shop and smokes ham.
That was a blowjob joke slipped into a theatrical cartoon.
Probably in the 50s.
With cannibalistic implications.
I get Porky's sister works in a butcher shop and smokes ham.
There's an early...
I think it was a Bob Clampett cartoon.
Mm-hmm.
And it was Porky Pig, of course.
And he had smashed his hand with a hammer.
Oh, yeah.
And with that, it's...
Son of a gun.
Son of a gun.
I thought I was going to say,
Son of a bitch.
That was it.
Do you know the name of that cartoon?
I can't remember the name of the cartoon.
Bob for the life of me.
That was something they did in wartime, I think.
It was.
It was a special thing for the service.
It was something they did for each other.
Yeah, it's...
It's all black and white pencil drawings.
It was just something they did for skits and giggles.
I haven't seen the finalized...
Yeah, me too.
It was an era.




It was a weird clip.
That's my subgenius realm, is cartoons.
I don't know a darn thing about playing music or ranting,
but I can talk all day cartoons.
There's a fine tradition of pranksters in the media
who go to elaborate lengths to do things to show CEOs
to make them panic.
I have a Reed Drugs commercial in my files
with a former Miss America doing the voiceover,
and it's like, A, it's herpes, hepatitis B,
and it's like, A, it's herpes, hepatitis B,



Reed Drugs, I need ya!
And they jingle and everything.
And it was, you know, whatever size you are,
from Vienna Sausage on up,
Reed Drugs has got you covered.
And the thing was dropped on April Fool's Day,
and it said, for immediate approval, airs today.
You know, they take some time.
They have some fun with things.
I haven't aired a good prank advertisement in a while,
because I haven't been on the radio for a while.
I haven't been on the radio in seven years now.
Shock value's kind of really dead, though.
It's kind of hard to get to anybody,
especially when you're broadcasting to, like,
a couple of art school students out of a closet.
So it wasn't very easy.
That's really secret radio.
Yeah, that's...
From PR News in Washington, I'm 89 years old.
People are watching television in the tinder-dry Southwest.
Officials in Oklahoma are now raising the debt.
They're calling it a day.





Oklahoma Medical Examiner's Office reporting 12 adults and 6 children raised Friday.
On Wall Street, 8-9.
People dying today as a result of complications, says.
This is PR News in Washington.
There's no computer words in this game.
It's not easy to follow a camel.
But you know me.
I'm the chumpster.
But I'm a newbie.
I'm leaving the old me in the old century.
And taking a new chunk into the new millennium.
Why?
Well, the eyeball hat I'm wearing should give it away.
It's got eyeballs all around.
I see the past.
I see the present.
And I can eyeball the future.
If I'm gonna make it, I have to come to terms with what's been eating me up.
That's what's going on.
We're bringing it back!
We're bringing it back!
We're bringing it back!
We're bringing it back!
I've been betting on my old kids!
I bet on them tonight.
And they got me.
Hort, come on.
I'm going to make this promise even if it breaks me.
From now on, I resolve that if my kid is playing a team that's going to punk them,
then I'm going with the winner.
If you don't play the odds, you'll have nothing left to give your kids when it's all over.
And I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.

What's going on?
We're bringing them back
We're bringing them back
We're bringing them back
You might tell us what's going on
We're bringing them back
We're bringing them back
We're bringing them back
Oh no, Journey to the Beginning of Time is gone.
The video's been removed by them.
Who would dare?
We can't go back to the beginning of time anymore.
I didn't know it was there to begin with.
I know, and already it's gone.
Who removed it?
The user.
The user?
Everybody wants to go back to the beginning.
The web is using us.
But how could this obscure movie
be offensive to anyone?
If you put your name
in the animated
If I go to Phineas and Narcos thing
and I mark it and I say
this is mine, it's a copyrighted one
then for all time
if you go to Phineas and Narcos
now remove tape
it has a thing that says
this was removed by
and it has
your name.
Well, I want to know who.
I want to know who.
Yeah, well, they tell you who.
And who is it?
Phineas J. Quingborn.
Yeah, I'm going to claim
every one of his.
You have to really snag
a lot of these YouTube videos
because they disappear.
You can snag them?
Yeah.
How can you do that?
Well, there are certain programs
and tricks.
Oh, they're timing up
Agent Provocative Footwear.
That's remarkable.
A copyright claim for PRS.
And then you have it
so it doesn't depend on them.
Yeah.
And out there,
for instance,
out there somewhere
people have gathered
all of those downfalls
that were around.
And they're all gone.
If you look at your favorites,
you know,
half of them are like
not there anymore.
Yeah, that's what I'm doing right now.
I'm cleaning up the list.
Because some of the coolest stuff
is just gone.
It's like in the 80s
with Night Flight,
you know,
you have to...
The J-mans.
Yeah, you have to get those.
You mean, oh,
when they show up?
When they show the weird
little vignettes
and, you know,
mean when there's a Death Star
over San Francisco?
Yeah, you gotta get that one.
Before George Lucas
shuts it down.
Something or other.
It's got over
two million of hits.
What has?
Which one?
The Death Star over San Francisco.
Oh, yes.
Well, that made a lot of noise
back in the day.
Yeah, and it was nice noise.
It was good music
back in the day.
Yeah, that's right.
Noise to sing.
That great popular band
broadcasting from the
Jollywood.
The orbiting ship
is located
here,
synchronously above
San Francisco,
California.
I'm going to stay
for the long now.
Sooner or later
you'll ask me
where you're going to go
Say it later
and I'll let you go
Sooner or later
you'll have to
take your mind off
Say it later
and I'll let you go
Sooner or later
you'll ask me
where, where, where,
where you're going
Why do I run, why do I run

Why do I run, why move
go
That is the call
of the rabid bamboo.
But to those who've spent a lifetime in the tropics,
just the familiar sounds of the bush
as we pour ourselves some requinine
against the malaria, don't you know?
The houseboys have turned the lights on in the garden.
The silhouettes of the nearby jungle trees
and the circling bats.
Lost children.
The barking and coughing of a lion
not too far away in the nearby jungle boma.
And the splashing and grunting of giant crocodiles.
This time of year, the crocs come right up on me.
And there's the ukabalaponga.
You can hear their drums in the distance.
Yeah, the ukabalaponga.
In the distance.
They're getting more advanced.
I was thinking of that.
Yeah, it's true.
There are certain subjects which should never, ever be mentioned.
Ukabalaponga is one of them.
Yes, yes, yes, exactly.
His experiences in the colonial legion are such.
He caught colonial legion air disease from a ukabalaponga.
Yes.
They were an indigenous population.
An ecology.
Ingenious population?
Indigenous, doctor.
As indigenous as you or I.
An ingenious postulation.
Yes, an ingenious postulation.
But it turned out to be a flash of insight
that was fairly close to every level of reality.
Oh, what?
Oh.
Yeah.
The music mixed with Fireside Theater
that we heard about five minutes ago
was by National Cynical Network
from Phineas Narco,
who also isolated that bit of puzzling evidence show
from KPFA Berkeley
with Dr. Howell, Phineas, Philodrum and Doug Wellman.
Now, back to the Invisible X-Day show
with Reverend Susie and Reverend Fox.
You said your expertise was in cartoons.
I try.


I try to be an expert in cartoons.
Have you boned up on Beanie and Cecil lightly?
The Bob Clampett Beanie and Cecil?
Or the Ralph Bakshi Beanie and Cecil?
Oh, the Bob Clampett original.
Oh, of course.
I'm familiar with Beanie and Cecil.
To an extent.
To an extent.
The reason I ask is I kind of wasn't.
I had the puppets of Cecil,
the sea servant as a child,
which kind of freaked me out.
The Loch Ness Monster style?
Because he had no tail.
No end.
I saw the end of him in one scene.
Really?
Where he was some sort of attached
to some sort of projectile
and you actually got to see Cecil's ass.
I never see.
That was what I was going to bring up.
It was just sort of pointed with a fin
and it didn't look right.
In the cartoon, you never see his butt.
You don't.
He gets around in bathtubs and wheelbarrows and things.
He never just undulates along like a proper sea serpent.
Maybe the tub's filled with water.
He's jet repelling through a hole.
The whole thing just made me have to envision
what are they hiding?
Does he have boobs down there?
He's just an eel.
Sea serpent cloacas or what?
It's a Yogg-Sigurath visage down there.
There's a billion tentacles
and millions of screaming souls
beneath the waves of the Beanie and Cecil.
Tommy Amoeba had the complete Beanie and Cecil thing
and after that Cleveland revival,
he and I and Princess Wee sat up watching Beanie and Cecil
and everybody else was asleep.
And it just, it's been eating away at me.
What is, what are they hiding?
What is the truth?
At the end of Cecil the Sea Serpent.
He does not end.
A little boy's arm stuck up a hole.
Why, his body weaves through the nether regions of the cosmos.
A wormhole beneath the surface of the waves
that connects him through multiple points.
In space and time at once.
And that kid Beanie.
He was just a jerk.
Well, he was a straight man, I realize.
He would, he just wanted to go,
oh, now Cecil, why did you do that crazy thing?
And there was a beatnik character.
Wild man something.
Norman?
I can't remember.
He was a caveman.
I mean, in a caveman outfit.
And he had, but he was a beatnik.
And he talked in pure beatnik slang.
Dialogue.
I seem to remember that was Norman.
Crazy daddy-o.
Norman.
I seem to remember Norman.
He was wild, man.
Wild.
Let's go hunting.
We're going to travel far.
Cool.
To the hungry eye.
Men's we're on the beach next hour.
Crazy.
We're after the wild man who swings beneath the moon.
And now here's Beanie and Cecil in
a Bob Clampett cartoon.
Woo!
The Wild Man of Wildsville.
Man, we're almost to the hungry island.
The home of the ferocious wild man.
Heavens to that sea.
Man, first we land on Pismo Beach Nick.
Set foot on Mort's soil.
Go past Lenny's spruce tree.
Through the green witch village.
Keep moving right on past the Kingston tree hole.
And then we head for the wilds of Wildsville.
The spot where the wild man was last seen.
Ah!
Last!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!

Ah!
Ah!
Ah!

Man, I'm the wildest.
Like, rab-a-gee-gee-gee-gee-go man, Van Gogh.
That's a pretty picture.
But can you paint faces?
Ooh wee, can I?
Dig this crazy test pattern.
This jack-poner, sat in the corner.
Hehehe.
Waiting to be analyzed.
Ah!
You're the real wild man.
Don't bug me, man.
Don't bug me.
Oh, like Birdland, Dad.
I'm a real swagger.
What's the matter, you crazy or something?
The craziest.
Like Oscar Wilde, man.
Ooh wee.
There were at least two cartoons.
The ones that Tommy Amoeba showed us starring the caveman.
Very, very surreal from what I've seen and what I've been able to research.
That was Bob Clampett's project after he was basically thrown out of Warner Brothers
and the Termite Terrace crew was rather fed up with him.
So he had started his own project, which really was another pioneer in television because
it was one of the earlier programs.
And then revived here by Bakshian.
Ah.
Where he met John Christopher Lucey, where they then went and formed Mighty Mouse and
gave Christopher Lucey the platform to Ren and Stimpy in the early 90s.
So Beanie and Cecil, if it had not been for Beanie and Cecil, you would not have gotten
your Ren and Stimpy show.
Right.
Unless they have control of your radio tubes.
And I do too.
Good.
This is Ren the Black.
And this is Stimson J. Catt of the Radio Tubes.

Welcome to the Ren and Stimpy Show.
And you're listening to the Hour of Slack.
Keep listening, you idiot.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Else I shall kill you.
Well, Praise Beanie and Cecil.
That's a strange, obscure show.
A wrong and winding road.
And notice it's suddenly raining again.
What a, why does Nikki make us wet?
Fropp precipitation, like it.
Why does Nikki make us wet?
Why does Nikki make us wet?
They're stinky and they stink.









They're stink, they're stink.
It's been interesting weather this X Day.
What with, I guess with annual karma gonna get you.
The sky weeps.
We had power and no one else did last time.
This year, everyone else has power.
I think the Christians plugged into the grid this time.
There was quite the flutter of the X Day drill in the small podunk towns outside and close
by.
Every time that we had to run into conspiracy shops to pick up much needed supplies, we
would be met with glares and gazes upon our Dobbs memorabilia.
And it was, it was, it was interesting adventures.
But several people in town were familiar that we were holding a drill here, but they were
not entirely sure what was going on.
So I got a lot of speculation from people.
You mean in Athens?
Or some kind of supremacist?
In Athens.
In Athens and in Pomeroy and in the outskirts towards Point Pleasant, West Virginia, where
we went to hunt for the Mothman earlier this week.
And I, the word is getting out.
We did have roadside converts, people that came up here because of that bugaboo and how
to do.
Well, I guess it was, I guess it was a good idea that we went to Athens a month early
and spread Starwood and X Day postcards everywhere.
Actually, I didn't have that many.
And we didn't spread that many, but.
I think some don't go to X Day posters would probably get more people to show up.
Exactly.
Kick out X Day.
You can't go to X Day.
Bob get out.
What is X Day?
Don't ask because you can't go.
Leave subgeniuses.
You know, if we get the, we could probably get the Westboro Baptists to come out this
way and pick at us.
We're not terribly far from them.
We'd probably get a couple of $35 pocket fools walking around.

We'd probably get a couple of $35 pocket fools walking through on a, on a good rant like
that.
Then again, rival cults never prove much for a good time.
They don't pay us enough attention.
It's a shame.
You know what it is, is they, some of the townsfolk think we're humans from Starwood
and they know that they're, you know, that's the wrong religion, whatever the hell it is.
It's wrong.
Whereas subgenius, you know, they don't, they don't even know it is a religion probably.
Why, why sully the name of the Pagans with, with Bob?
Well, you know, I, I love my Pagan brethrens and sisters, the half that are, don't have
a Coke bottle up their ass of righteousness.
That's the problem.
The other half of them are fundies.
But, but, but, but, but the non-fundie Pagans.
The ones selling the scented corks are much nicer.
Huh?
The ones selling the scented corks are very nice.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They throw good parties.
But and, and I, I don't care.
They love to see the fundy pagans get pissed off,
and that's why they pay me to come to Starwood.
And now they can't...
Now I'm one of the people who collects their money
when they come to Starwood.
Oh, well, that's what happens.
They were kind of horrified, some of them,
to see that when they were checking in at registration,
the person who was controlling the database
with their real names in it
was that terrible subgenius man.
Ivan Stang, who, frankly, right up front,
admits he doesn't believe in magic at all
or any of this crap, quote-unquote.
And then I always get a big round of applause.
I've had several of the most popular scam artists
come up and say,
man, you're doing great, don't change anything.
Do you want a crystal read?
You know, it's like...
And these are people who teach witchcraft history and stuff.
And...
And...
And...
They were as much as going,
if you can possibly make money...
The decades-old art of tarot and...
Right, yeah, yeah.
The century-almost patent of the Ouija board.
We've...
But I will not speak ill of the pagans.
They are...
Oh, you can.
It's all right.
Actually, I should probably stop doing this
because we're going to have the Bobby Awards at 7 o'clock.
Yes.
And you know, there's...
Usually, high season, I sit down.
and make a list about an hour before the Bobby Woods.
That's not even going to happen.
Just off the cuff.
Well, we're just simply going to give an award to everybody here, I think.
Princess Weiss says they're incredibly elaborate things that APO Stacey did.
And we wanted to photograph all of them before they're given to these undeserving yo-yos.
Is there one for me?
Me?
Weirder than anything you can imagine an award for.
There's awards that we will never see because it will only be behind another secret veil of Bobby awards of the fifth dimension.
Where people will be presented the likes of third nostril receptor opening and we should possibly be quickest time to Dobbs Town.
I believe that was a sprint by...
Possibly Major Tom himself, the newcomer to X Day.
If you told him where to go, he'd get there.
And I said go to Dobbs Town and he did bring back my frop stick.
So I think...
Go fuck yourself.
Will he get there?
Pardon?
If I say go fuck yourself, will he get there?
He'll get where you tell him to go, he said.
Well, yeah, I'm going to take the headphones off and then nothing is real.
You know, yesterday I realized the saddest thing.
The saddest words that I know.
Well, what are you doing the afternoon of July 5th?
Oh, the phrase next X Day.
Or even the phrase last X Day.
Yeah, of course it hurts.
It is sad.
It burns, it stings.
Yes, it is indeed.
It chafes.
You know, and I hate the feeling of, well, I guess it was a good thing I paid the rent.

I paid those bills before we left for X Day after.
I guess it's a good thing I went ahead and sent that credit card payment.
I'm expecting to have to get into town with a reconnection fee.

You know, we're finishing that extra hour of slack.
Yeah.
To put on the air so I, you know, for those left behind.
I did it too.
Yep.
Felt dirty.
Yep.
I mean dirtier than usual.
Right.
Right.
And that's saying quite a bit.
Yeah.
Quite a bit indeed.
Well.
What can we do?
Back to the drawing board.
This is, here's another real, you want to hear another real sad thing that's kind of censored from, something Bob said was censored out of the church.
Yeah.
The only real form of time control we have available to us is patience.
No!
Or T-Bots.
That's a nasty one.
You can see we're in a situation.
I can see why we don't.
Yeah.
It's not a bumper sticker slogan.
Sure it's not Dickism?
Yeah.
That sounds Dicky more than Dobbsy.
Yeah.
I don't know who that belongs to.
Oh, my dongle.
Well, you know, we found out what, where Dick is all the time.
Well, where's the, here it is.
Here it is.
I can.
Ah!
Okay.
We've always, we've always wondered what's the back of Bob's head looks like, right?
Uh-huh.
We've only seen the back of Bob's head.








We've only ever seen the front of his head and a little bit of the back.
Uh-huh.
We learned what the back of his head looks like.
Oh!
Yes.
A reverse Dobbs head.
A double mean baby head growing off the back of his head.
That's where Dick Dobbs has been this whole time.
That's.
He's snuck the pipe on the other side.
That's disturbing.
He's kind of squatter.
He's more squat than his, the dominant twin.
He looks more like Bob Barker.
The dog.
Well, it's obviously, it's a parasitic twin situation.
And there's a gibbering evil Dick Dobbs on the, that is with Bob all the time.
Just the, the parallel Bob.
You can almost hear somebody go.
The Dick that's always there.
My Dick is always with me.
Everyone's got a Dick with them one way or another.
Dick was riding on the back of Bob's face the whole time.
Now he knows what it feels like.
Yeah.
Well, let's check for evil Susie.
Oh my God.
Gross.
Drilling little head on the back.
You're terrible.
People like my drooling little head.
You're awful.
You're all washed up.
You can't work as a stripper anymore.
God.
I hate hearing that all the time.
Well, luckily I don't have an evil Susie.
I have a little girl named Susie.













That would piss me off.
If they're evil Susie was constantly harping at me.
I just have a wife.
Oh, she's almost like a wife.
It's like one of those made dismember things.
Evil wee.
Evil wee.
Is there an evil princess wee?
Actually, there...
The one that barrels through the campgrounds at a hundred miles per hour.
There wasn't an evil wee.
every work day at about six o'clock evil we would walk in the door so more full of hate than the
than me and my worst hissy wow and uh man yeah he's just driving home from work having to be
at work all day pretending to like those people for almost 30 years and then driving across
cleveland rush hour the evil we would come out and um it only took about a minute to banish her
and i what part the first part involves saying you're the prettiest girl in the whole world
which is true um she's cheating because she's not from this world and uh and then i one other
thing that i'd rather not say in the air but she got a she won a contest for it
for the thing the thing i can't oh i don't
want to brag about on the air but she she did win a contest she stood on a billboard for the longest
sleeve job aha here comes dr dark
wow a chicken leg in a plastic bag and i'm actually free to go i just decided wow
wow
um actually i probably should quit this charade and just yeah
we've had
enough fun let's end the show bye thanks reverend fox thank you thank you reverend
susie the top drink up and tip your waitress what does susie the floozy and jack the ripper
have in common what the same middle name oh isn't that sweet well he isn't as gooey as the
flooze that gets everywhere i was thinking the blood stains on the pants but uh
that was a minor on the outside that's what i was getting at
didn't say it was your blood
i think it was uh
this is on the floor it's an old broken bob earring i don't know if this is an earring i gave to
somebody else it broke but i put on my one bob earring that i brought and i'm wearing it but this
one was on the floor at my feet and it looks a lot like your bob earring
well
répung

i 종

a
The fur and the bones.
And the rest was gone and there wasn't any stink.
It was the most easily gathered carcass ever.
The skull looks real wicked and has a mandible.
Boy, this chicken I'm eating sure is good.
I could peel most of the leathery skin off of the parts, but most of the tissue was just...
It decomposed to a black goo and was gone.
Boy, this chicken's great.
This is from Ethan.
I guess we're tuned out.
Somebody's way out there.
All right, well, thank you for letting me sit in on a...
Was that an hour of slack or just a secret recording in the background?
That's to fulfill his probation.
Ah, I got you.
Well, I need to go get the hypercube ready.
You'll probably have to buy some rubbers.
The celebrity is overwhelming.
The opportunities for loose sex once you hit the airwaves.
Here I come.
The

The
The
The
The
The



The

The
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
The Slot Rods, close relatives of the groupies of the amino acids,
owners of Weirdsville Records in Detroit,
which incidentally is the coolest store ever.
Also, I think they're cousins
of the Weirdsville Records
Wild Man of Wildsville. Now, you know that invisible show with Susie and Reverend Fox and me?
Well, it continued to devolve even deeper into utmost nerddom, some of which I removed. But when
we'd forgotten we were recording at all, we got to talking about the NASA space shuttles we've seen
that are now on display in museums. I got to go in one along, I believe it was Enterprise,
the one I got to go inside and look at, and that was a really good VIP tour. But no, it was absolutely
amazing, and it's just the payload bay is gigantic, but it's all empty space. There's a couple places
for them, but once you dock to a station or something, come right back.
That's for one of every animal. When they know that the asteroid, the planet killer is on the way,
they put one of every animal in.
Now, how many animals did Noah take on the ark?
No one knows how many species there are yet.
Still finding them?
There's like 6,000 species just of birds.
Of every clean animal, he took seven. Of every animal, he took two, but of every clean animal, he took seven.
Really?
Yes. In Genesis, it states this right up front. I believe in seven.
I have a problem with that.

What does this award sound like?
I guess as soon as Pockets and Pisces...
Thank you, Reverend Fox and Reverend Susie the Floozy. Susie's weekly show, Bob's Slack Time Funhouse, is on WREK Atlanta on Saturday nights, and you can find the links easily at subgenius.com slash radio. Praise Bob.
You've been listening to the Subgenius.
Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information, write to P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 or see www.subgenius.com.
Praise Bob.
Cool, man. Cool.
Damn.
What's up, Pops?
Don't bugs me, man. Don't bugs me.
Man, I'm so hip, I won't even eat a square meal.
Twinkle, twinkle, little bitnick.
Twinkle, twinkle, little bitnick.
From your headnick to your feetnick.
Innsville.
Man, I don't dig anything that square.
I'm so hip, I won't even eat a square meal.
н
I'm so hip, I won't even eat a square meal.
Twinkle, twinkle, little bitnick.
Twinkle, twinkle, little bitnick.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
