Come on out, willing slaves. Welcome to radio school.
Don't fight!
Move it!
Say, where's the student union? Where's the co-ed you promised us?
Shut up and get inside.
We're not criminals. We just want to learn to talk good on the radio and make big bucks.
You'll all be radio heroes soon. Just climb up, mush mouths, and listen to the boss in the chair.
What boss? Where?
Ha! Ha ha ha ha! Oh, you can't see me, can you?
Well, that's the magic of radio, baby.
Hey, hello, students. I'm the Lightning Bug.
And welcome to the Lightning Bug School of Pirate Broadcasting.
Not affiliated with those pirates at the Buggery School of Flycasting.
You whippy noodles will be given new voices and personalities through EST, Electronic Sensuality Transformation.
I'm gonna turn you brown-shoed squares into disc jockeys, working for my secret broadcast cave.
And now, the subgenius.
Our boss.
Watch.
They'll dance out of their pants to the sounds you send them.
And you'll all get French jeans, out-of-sight salaries, and all the coffee and cigarettes you can drink.
You'll be stars, and they won't even know who you are.
How do you do, ladies and gentlemen? I'm your host, Truman Bradley.
Let me ask you a simple question.
Have you ever seen a solid object suddenly disappear before your eyes?
Of course you have.
Scientists think that something like this can account for many.
Flying saucers.
Or, let's take this magnifying glass.
The lens is concentrating the light rays at one point.
The powder in the pan is magnesium.
Of course, the powder will explode.
Yes, clouds are made up of tiny droplets of moisture.
Miniature lenses and a cloud can easily become a giant burning glass.
Science has a hard time separating facts from fiction.
And flying saucers from office.
And optical illusions.
There are many sightings science cannot explain.
Fact or fiction?
If fact, why didn't we hear more about it?
If fiction?
Of course, our story is fiction.
But it might offer a possible explanation.
What is the Succeed Foundation?
Well, there may be followers of Bob.
That's the fastest growing cult here in the South West.
24K long.
Bob!
Hey Bob!
The proper nickname is Bob.
Hello Bob.
A great change has come over me.
I want to die for Bob.
Kill me Bob.
Drive in the car that Bob sold me.
All the world looks better since Bob is my blindfold.
What is subgenius?
It's doctors for Bob.
Because I'm a...
Subgenius
Somebody told me this vibe was cool
He had all the answers now
He couldn't fix any fool
Sometimes it says
There goes causation out the window
There is no CD or there is no spoon
There goes matter
You may now continue your thought
There goes entertainment
That thought you were holding
I hold it in my hand
It was hot
Like a little baby rabbit
I have fondled to death
I keep petting the little rabbit
And he falls asleep
And I try to wake him up
I smack him five times
And he will never wake up
So when you hold a thought
You hold it too tightly
And you kill it
I might as well break other character
Because that's what happens to all of us
I can't hold on to them
They slip through my fingers
It's like Jack Nicholson making that waitress
An egg sandwich between her knees
Truths, knowledge
Experiences
They just
They just fall asleep
They slip right through
They're gone
As if greased
Yeah
Slippery little
Like trying to hang on to tadpoles
I was trying to read Plato last night
That's what thoughts are like for me
Little tad
Trying to hang on to tadpoles
Little tadpoles
That squirm away from you
And begin expanding
In someone else's head
Then where are you?
Probably better off
Getting lost
Bob said that if you could let all your thoughts go away
So that there were none left at all
You would become
Lucky
Like Bob is
The greatest clarinet player who ever lived too
You would play as the hot club in Paris
You would probably have a 12 year career
Marked at the end by a bout of alcoholism
Which kill you
Your family let you
What's his name?
A cemetery where his door is buried
Well that's the thing
See it's all easier said than done
Of course you can say that
You try to let it go
And be
And
Practice
Break minds
And break thinking
And not
Hold on to the thoughts
But they crawl back in
You try to cast them out
And they crawl back in
And it's
Come in here
One stump
On the ground
Another world
You're in a crutch
Happy world
Here comes another thought with a walker
That thought is 450 pounds
And it's not going to make it
Out of this particular realm
Oh shoot
I thought we were about to make it
Out of that particular realm
No we're going to make sandwiches now
Chuck
Come on
Damn it
Cowboys
Time to ride the freaking horsey
Kid said
You know with all this manure
There's got to be a pony in here someplace
Sure this picture is dynamite
But why pull punches
When the danger is so great
Right here and now
So don't hide your head
From the shocking fact
The teenage party
Where anything goes
Is for our frills
Yeah
It's a pig
It's a cow man
It's a pony
No it's a goat
You know one of them lady goats
It's a pony
It's a pony
It's a pony
It's a pony
All of this has got to be a pony in here
It's got to be a pony
Yeah
The point is
Seems kind of pointless now
Yeah I guess you're right
We'll continue to get good intelligence
And we'll continue to chase
Mr. Bin Laden
And the veritable orgasm of poor planning
Ladies and gentlemen
Our distinguished guest has just arrived
Oh
Have some champagne
What do you mean?
Come this way
Gentlemen
Come on
Come on



Come on
Tell us directly
How high is my

Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
By God
I'm under pressure



Well I guess we should
Only pick on their own family
Bob
We bad boys
You better have a tug.
Uh, Jed, uh, Jed, uh, I...
Yeah, man, you know, I ain't gonna go dead yet anyway.
Uh, uh, man, uh, Jed, this problem, the problem is, uh, uh, hooked on heroin.
No, thank you, doctor.
Boys, like a good Texan should.
Let them know you're a man.
Meaning, ask the president.
You're no son of mine.
You don't...
There was a ping from Paul Hood's computer.
Hood looked at the monitor and saw Bob's code on the bottom of the screen.
He pushed control enter.
He cleared the screen and brought up a form document.
He began typing.
I'm ordering Stryker into the region.
Without prior congressional approval?
Yes.
Without approval.
I can't wait while they diddle.
Oh, and that would be my cue.
They had two.
Can this really stick out?

A move?

Okay, mmm...
Alright, it's gone.

Yeah.

Uh, what's next?
Go ahead, kiss a dog.
So, um...
I, uhh...
Should I call you?
your refrigerator's coolness setting so all your ice cream melts.
It will demagnetize the strips on all your credit cards,
screw up the tracking on your VCR,
and use subspace field harmonics to render any CDs you try to play unreadable.
It will give your ex-boy or girlfriend your new phone number.
It will mix antifreeze into your fish tank.
It will drink all your beer and leave its socks out on the coffee table when there's company coming over.
It will put a dead kitten in the back pocket of your good suit
and hide the car keys when you're late for work.
Bad times will make you fall in love with a penguin.
It will give you nightmares about circus midgets.
It will pour sugar in your gas tank and shave off both your eyebrows
while dating your current boy or girlfriend behind your back.
And filling the dinner and hotel room to your music heart.
It will seduce your grandmother.
It does not matter if she is dead.
Such is the power of bad times.
It reaches out beyond the grave to sully those things we hold most dear.
It moves your car randomly around parking lots.
If you can't find it, it will kick your dog.
It will leave libidinous messages on your boss's voicemail and your voice.
It is insidious and sad.
It is subtle.
It is dangerous and terrifying to behold.
It is also a rather interesting shade of mauve.
Bad times will give you Dutch Elm Disease.
It will leave the toilet seat up.
It will make a batch of methamphetamine in your bathtub
and then leave bacon cooking on the stove
while it goes out to chase high school kids with your new snow blower.
These are just a few of the signs.
Be very, very careful.
The
I wish there was a web van.
Web van?
Yeah, then I could just order cigarettes.
Yeah.
Well, why can't you just walk out and get some?
Web van had a problem.
They had no markers.
They had no margins in that business.
You know, it's like...
So the words went all the way to the edge of the page?
The words went to the edge of the page.
There weren't any red lines, no blue lines.
Nowhere to draw.
No place to draw.
They didn't do it all to make little notes.
So they said, okay, let's put all this stuff in a warehouse.
We'll deliver it to people and then we'll charge them more.
But people won't pay more.
The people will laugh.
Not enough of them will pay more.
Yeah.
That's the problem.
Well, I would just want to...
But isn't it great having...
...you want to do that right now?
When web van was working, it was great having them bring food to your house.
Now, you know, I always thought there would be two signs.
If we were really in the future, there would be two signs of it.
You would have flying cars and you would have food replicators where you could just push
a button and the appropriate food would just be replicated.
Not really replicated.
It would be like transported from some place where the perfect food was grown.
None of which was tainted by any horrible substances or illegal insecticides and things.
And then we would be able to eat wonderful food for free.
And then we would get into our flying cars and fly to our jobs where we would only have
to work one minute a week.
And at that time, we would just push a giant button.
We would come to work at about lunch hour.
We'd push the big button and then we would go home.
We'd do that once a week.
And they'd pay us a million dollars a minute to do that.
It's like a Warner Brothers cartoon.
And the mark of the beast will be introduced.
And people will have a number in their hand and in their forehead.
Someone with a lot of energy.
Okay, your code number once more.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo and good hello and welcome to my crib.
Homeboys and homegirls.
Gangsters and Bee Gees.
One and all.
Welcome again to Chap in the Hood.
I am Sir Charles Laybridge Stuart Fatherington.
And these are my companions.
MC Howie Tee.
Sir Fix-a-Lot.
Muhammad Rahim Ahmed.
And my little homie, Butterknife.
And what we do here is discuss the contemporary issues of the day that confront our modern
post-Cold War society.
Along with some slanging and banging and of course hanging with the OGs.
You join us as we were discussing the difficulties of being a notorious felon.
I was voicing the opinion that a good way to attract a young lady is to obtain an expensive
automobile.
You see, I used to get no play.
Now the honey stays behind me because I said I had a motherfucking Benz 190.
Well, before we continue, I say OG.
Would you be so kind as to break me off some of that green sticky?
Perhaps you did not understand me, my dear fellow.
I said I want some Bama.
The Bionic.
Bomb.
Buddha.
Chee-ba.
The Chronic.
Dubage.
Homegrown.
Ill.
Ism.
Lebanon.
Method.
Cess.
Shake.
Skunk.
Stress.
Tabacchi.
Tie.
Wacky.
Man, don't be breaking them off no more.
That's right, I ain't gonna get no shit.
Oh dear, we still seem to be having a misunderstanding.
Perhaps if I were to make my point a bit clearer.
Shit.
Goddamn.
Look, that motherfucker's a freak.
There we go.
A few caps in your ass, my good man.
Motherfucker, pop the cap.
Now you understand.
You give him the bomb.
Cannabis deceiver.
Cannabis deceiver.
Mm, that's hella fresh.
Ah, one love.
Oh, thank you, homie.
I am most appreciative of this, how do you say it?
Cannabis deceiver.
This bag of dank, don't you know?
Damn.
Look at that food.
Hey, I got the most.
Oh, that's some fine product.
Oh my goodness.
That's some good stuff.




That is a fine bag of dank.
Damn, that's that green chicken.
Hey, that's some kick-ass chicken.
Oh dear me.
I hate to interject, but I believe the smoking paraphernalia's holding chamber is completely
devoid of psychoactive substances.
Hey, yo, it's dust, fool.
Ah, I see.
Let me try that again, my dear boy.
Damn, the bowl's cached.
This bowl is cached.
Yeah.
Is that how you say it?
Damn, the bowl's cached, motherfucker.
Oh, good-o.
I've learned a new one.
Man.
Word.
My god.
I'm gonna have to go.




My, I am feeling a bit parched.
I wouldn't mind a refreshing drink.
I say, Butterknife, be a good chap and fetch me a 40-dog.
Yeah.
Hey, hey, let's go dude.
What is that, my dear boy?
Hey, we outta here.
Let's go.
I see.
Yeah, we're waiting in Hooptie, man.
Indeed.
We will have to cut our visit short this week.
My posse has requested my presence on a Hooptie ride.
My AK is the tool, as it were.
We will be sitting back and letting the Alpine blast, as we go rat-a-tat-tat to the pigs
and like that.
You see, some time ago, I was in a rather awkward situation in a local liquor store.
We had just pulled a 411 to make some ends.
As we made our escape, there were the boys in blue pointing their guns at my four-man
crew.
So, a straight-up 411 suddenly became a nasty 187.
But how?
How my reputation was enhanced after I popped a few caps in a Popo's Bozax.
Well, off we go then.
But we should leave you with a few words of pithy advice.
Remember, to all of my peoples in the pens, keep your head up.
Keep it real out in the field, y'all.
And if you don't know, now you know.
Well, see you around.
Peace out and cheerio.
Pip-pip and all that.
Oh yes, dear friends.
Well, thanks to Phineas Narco of Midnight Voice Jail for that incredible piece there,
Chap in the Hood.
You can tune in to more Midnight Voice Jail on the internet if you will go to this URL,
and it's a strange one.
It's the internet.
Um, http...
I dot am slash dapper.
Dapper.
Like when you dress up nice.
That's the address of Midnight Voice Jail.
I dot am slash dapper.
So you just remember, old Phineas Narco, he's dapper.
This is Hour of Slack number 824, a show built of new shows and of old sub-genii, such as,
Old Dr. Philodrummon and Old Puzzling Evidence on KPFA Berkeley, talking about the future,
heard earlier there.
And the beautiful Reverend Susie the Floozy on Bob's Slacktime Funhouse on WREK Atlanta.
And also on that, uh, from that, uh, wonderful radio station, The Weird Jackal Spots by the
Lymph Node Institute Boys.
And, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
uh, uh.
And B Frost supervising that stuff, up there, also, Bob's Slacktime Funhouse and the weirdos
of Old Dot Binary Slack, of course, that contribute so much, uh, including, I don't know who did
that song Bad Times, but I know that Potter Nostril sent it.
And, uh, Tesla Coil, Reverend Tesla Coil, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, donated quite a bit at
large to that news group.
And friends, we've also been hearing from the old, old, old, old sub-geniusástico,
MediaBarrage.net.
number five from 1983 or something which i am now recutting and remastering and uh but i'll never go
back to dallas no no wait a minute no wait a minute i love that area and i yep jr it's mama
how are you oh fine just fine these millionaires know what's a delicious economical snack
in a world where change is the rule we rely on the unyielding constants in life for comfort and
security that the sun will rise that the earth will turn but what if we could no longer be
certain of anything to what then would we cling for centuries philosophers and theologians have
debated what it means to be human perhaps the answer has eluded us
because
it is so simple to be human is to choose two choices bernice do what we say starting now
or say goodbye to the world i'll take the first and we would like to testify to the power of
daz what it has done for us ever since we joined your church after a number of experiments
we found out that such creatures could develop in radioactive areas and they are particularly
attracted to human life
for their very survival
glorify me bob that i may be glorified through you glorify me that i may glorify you
his name will be registered in the cash register's life
i wanted you so much i couldn't stay in that chair anymore i just couldn't
you saw the evidence jr is guilty as hell what did you think of it
then he Herzog speaking speaking
called be screaming
he that i don't want these fucking primitive people fucking



you would either sit next to me get away from me from me
yeah

wayne no brow
and bustle of our daily activity.
Soon Bob will have thousands of followers and maybe okay because
Do you remember where I told you to watch over?
Remember where Bob is?
That's over in his house.
Bob is at PO Box 1403-06.
The style of sex is 7x21.
Hey, stop it.
7x21.
Once they join up, we're able to get them off to one of our subgenius retreats,
change their diet, start feeding them propaganda, repeating the same thing over and over again
until they forget who they are and start responding only to our dogma.
And another thing.
You can only die once.
After that, nothing and nobody can harm you.
Oh, man, what are you waiting for?
Well, let me go get you drinks.
That afternoon, I gave Dick the order to alert and send the 82nd airborne.
And
today,
I'm going to do the same with two tactical fighter squatters.
Good man.
I'll order the C-141 pack for a desert operation.
Now, let's see.
First, you'll need a declaration of war.
That way, everything you do will be nice and illegal.
Okay.
Sign here.
They did it.
Yes!
Woo-hoo!
Well, I couldn't wait.
I just had to see you.
Don't you understand, Bob?
I'm not going with you.
What do you mean?
I don't love you, Bob.
Not sure I ever did.
Come on, come on.
Let's hear the rest of it.
Sorry, Bob.
Your dream has become my nightmare.
Wow, Bob, you sure do have a high burn rate with women.
Maybe I ought to take a break from that high-maintenance kind.
Maybe you ought to give me a try.
I'm somewhere right between, you know, high-key and low-key.
Just a little bit hokey.
Hokey? Accent on the hoe, how come you never took me for a tumble, eh, Bob-o?
So, come here often?
Want to?
What's that?
Good evening, everyone. Or, good morning, I should say.
This is Mort Bookman, broadcasting live from an undisclosed location somewhere south of, well, where is not important, as I've found.
And you've no doubt.
You've heard that certain elements of this technocracy would like nothing more than to find and muzzle old Mort, and to prevent you from receiving the plain, undiluted truth.
Having said that, know only that I am safe.
For the time.
And that I have no intentions of surrendering to would-be thugs.
Ah, there are a great many things to discuss tonight.
Glenn Burrett, former species designer at Glort Co., will join us later to talk in great detail about the experiments and product.
And I believe that more than a few of you have questions about the mysterious planaria that have been found in approximately 80% of the inhabitable areas of the world, and in 15% of those areas previously thought to be uninhabitable.
These creatures thrive both on land and in water, are apparently sexless, though they are breeding at an alarming rate, and seem never to sleep nor eat.
If these creatures did originate from one of Glort Co.'s many labs, were they a genetic mistake?
Or were they planned?
Perhaps Mr. Burrett can provide some answers.
Also, though it wasn't reported by the corporate media, it did rain frogs last week in Seattle, Washington.
I was there, friends, and I was simply speechless.
Hip Seattleites, however, were considerably less impressed.
They were, in fact, disinterested.
I asked a perpetually frowning young woman, who I'm sure was in a band, whether she had seen anything like the torrential downfall of amphibians we were witnessing.
She looked at me blankly and characterized the event as trite, and that the effect was way cooler in Paul Thomas Anderson's film Magnolia.
Trite, indeed.
Also, in Israel tonight, the questions surrounding the Shroud of Turin are nearly answered.
Glort Co.'s biotech subsidiary, InStep, while gathering samples of someone's DNA for reconstruction,
discovered what appears to be a breath pocket inside the Shroud,
and inside the alleged pocket was a document carbon dated to be approximately 2,000 years old.
The document, according to linguists and Aramaic scholars, is a claim ticket.
The Shroud, evidently an overcoat.
A spokesman for the now Space Vatican was quick to point out that it could be the Savior's overcoat,
as some scripture in the Old Testament does make mention of Jesus asking the disciples whether any had seen his overcoat.
Is there evidence to suggest that the ex-Pentagon was working closely with Walt Disney?
And the years leading up to his death, to develop a device that would turn American citizens into
super cartoon war machines?
The birth of a second white buffalo occurred this past Tuesday in Taos, New Mexico.
I think we all know what that means.
Mmm...
Also, tonight, we'll open the lines for your calls with the announcement today from Brussels that pharmaceutical giant Clovert
plans to produce and use human clones to test its many properties.




products. Human cloning has been banned
in every industrialized nation with
the notable exception of Germany.
And few were surprised when
Clovert relocated there last year.
If I may offer my two cents
on this matter, uh,
human cloning is inevitable
folks, and the last thing you want to do
is ban it and drive it underground.
It must be
regulated. It must
be in the open. The potential
good that could come from cloning is
enormous, but testing must occur
in the open where it can be observed.
And considering the multitude
of useless technologies we've
suffered as of late, I for one
look forward to the day that clones of various
supermodels flood the market. Because
really, what else are clones good for?
Briefly, the economy is
a lie. There is no recession.
There is no budget.
No surplus, and therefore no
deficit.
These are controls, and they are working.
We have become a nation of
little red riding hoods, preoccupied
with big eyes and ears,
not noticing the big teeth until it's
too late. You, listeners,
friends, you'll
remember in the original fairy tale, red riding hood
was skinned and eaten. And
I believe the wolf wore her skin.
There is still no evidence of any kind to support
the existence of a man named Rush
Limbaugh. No birth
certificate. No passport.
No driver's
license. Think about it.
The strange red lights I observed
over this
broadcasting post and last
night's guy were
a hoax. It was some
teenagers, and I know that Michael Stevens
was among them. Evidently
they had some of those laser pointers,
and I think I jumped to conclusions
when I reported them.
Kids, this is no laughing
matter. These things are
real. Abductions do
happen. And this comes
from someone who has been abducted.
Five
times. It can be
traumatic, though it is not
the probing as is widely reported.
Probing can be an agreeable
sensation, particularly if you
happen to be abducted by a less inhibited
being, one with a taste for roleplaying.
Nevertheless,
kids, please.
This is not a game.
And we'll be back after this
with your calls. With me,
Mort Bookman, on
Inside the Inside.
They Things
and Purpose and One Purpose, One Purpose, Purpose Ow, Purpose Ow
They Do
and Terrify
and
Nothin
nothin
yeah that's us
Oh, that was us, yeah.
The part that didn't make any sense and was like a waste of air.
Yeah, that's Michael Pepe.
And a waste of people like that.
You couldn't believe that humans would actually indulge themselves this way.
Take the time to do this.
And take the time to do it and plan it.
Actually, all these words, these things I'm saying right now are actually written down and orchestrated.
And people have labored over them for weeks to make sure they were just precisely what I'm supposed to sound like I'm meaning to say right now.
But, you know, it's been edited, stringently sanitized and pumped through filters and obfuscators to make them just exactly what has to be said to cleanse the airwaves at this point in time.
So there.
So there.
Darn it.
So now what do you have to say?
Well, I was thinking about moving to somewhere in North Africa and trying to get a job teaching English.
But.
Then we were talking you out of it.
That was weeks ago.
Yeah.
I was thinking about moving across the room here.
And then I decided against it because it was just too much trouble.
Yeah, I'm just too lazy.
Yeah, me too.
And I was thinking about teaching myself English.
But then I thought, that's too much trouble.
I'd have to learn something.
And then, you know, what would I do with that empty, empty disk space that I had to suddenly.
Occupy with files and things, you know, I mean, it just doesn't make sense.
I'd just have to purge them later anyway.
Purge them.
They do play nice.
Don't they play nice songs?
They play nice music on this show at night, though.
On this show?
Yeah, hear it?
Hear it back there?
I can't really hear it very well, but maybe if I turn my radio up.
Now, if you turn your radio up, does she get that slap back sort of, you know.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
In fact.
Now, you said that she does.
Is this the part where the Twilight Zone starts?
Yeah.
My mother used to censor Twilight Zone.
She what?
She would censor Twilight Zone.
She got pregnant from Twilight Zone?
Yeah, I wasn't allowed to watch some of the Twilight Zones.
She's rubbing her head here.
Okay, we're washing your brain.
Or the Charlie's Angels.
Good idea, because you would have had that weird hair.
Of course.
I wasn't allowed to sleep.
I didn't have any other rules.
My parents, you know the one that wouldn't let me watch?
Now, this is going to date me a little bit.
They didn't like me watching The Naked City or The Untouchables.
I think they thought both those shows were a little violent for me.
Of course, I would lay on the floor and hang around,
stuck my head around the corner and sneak around.
I did that anyway.
I had several different places I could sneak to and watch.
What's The Naked City?
The Naked City had Lee, wasn't it Lee Marvin?
Yeah, Lee Marvin played a cop and it was about New York.
It was based on some books from the 50s.
You know, it's a long time ago.
It was the early 60s and the TV show.
And that was about 8 or 9.
About the same time as The Untouchables and Paladin.
Paladin, Paladin, yeah.
Paladin almost ran me over in 1960.
It was big Cadillac because he lived in Hawaii.
But yeah, it was a tough guy.
My dad watched The Untouchables back then, but that's when I was sneaking around to see
Twins and Twins.


Twilight Zone.
Yeah, they wouldn't let you watch Twilight Zone?
It was just too spooky.
No, just my mother.
She would let me watch some of them, but I'd get to watch the first five minutes and then
she'd know which one it was and if it was the one that was...
And she'd ruin it.
Oh, okay, then she'd...
Then I wouldn't be able to watch it.
No, she'd say, no, this is just too sick.
You've got to go now.
Leave the room.
She'd throw you out of the room.
Did you sneak around and watch it anyway?
No, uh-uh, because I figured that she was probably right about what things would give
you nightmares.
You know, um...
And so suddenly you had no nightmares.
Well, I didn't have very many nightmares, but, you know, I really like the whole power
of positive thinking was kind of like I was raised on that.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's really, I mean...
Well...
Me too.
It's not...
That's why it sounds so positive now.
Yeah.
It's such a confusing show.
I believe in, uh...
I see the stress levels rising here.
I believe in self-fulfilling prophecy.
I think that's a good one.







And I believe that you can program your mind to, uh, you know, to fulfill, to help you
fulfill that prophecy through unconscious words that you say and affirmations you make,
generalist, general type statements, uh, falsehoods that you claim and affirm in your own mind
to be true in such a way that your body actually responds to it physically.
It's sort of like you program your mind.


It's not just mind with bad words.
It's, it's just, you know, not bad words, but I mean bad thoughts.
Hi.
With everyone obsessing over this were-jackal character, it's easy to forget that not long
ago, the people in this hemisphere lived under the peaceful tyranny of Gorr, the invisible
behemoth.
Remember that?
Nothing pleased Gorr more than a bountiful tribute.
Ah.
Well, that monster has long since been deposed by the were-jackal, but don't let that stop
you from doing your job.
It's your duty.
Be it kin, credits, or corn, try to honor the past by giving proper tribute at the designated
tribute drop points, or else the were-jackal will kill you in your sleep.
Get with the program.
Watch out for the were-jackal.
I'll be back.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.

Bye.
Ah!
Today, you all是天使之 estrutур
You may die
Ah!
Superior mutants
The avatars of man are emotionless
Outeezish
SOOOOLIC!
Tunnel life got you down? Well strap on a smile and dig this!
Now you can burrow in your loved ones the same way our species burrows in the Earth itself!
You heard me right, it's...
Pete Novelty's House of Ganja and Smut Analyzer Liquidation Sale.
That's right. Nothing says...
I love you.
...like a poke in the intestines with 12 inches of molded plastic.
Don't let the impotence plague cost you your sexmate.
Nail your sweetie to the bed every night with one of our discount analyzers.
Pete Novelty's House of Ganja and Smut.
Your outlet for all of your deviant needs.
And as always, we have your poppers, flare guns, bongs, duct tape, executioners, masks, left-handed cigarettes, and other tobacco accessories.
That's...
Pete Novelty's House of Ganja and Smut.
Everyone else is jerking you around.
Visit our showroom in the 5th Auxiliary Service Tunnel next to the crematorium.
See you there!
The End
Four out of five. Impressive.
But you missed your last target.
Did I?
Ah! Ah! Ah! Oh my God!
Sorry.
There's all sorts of amateurs out there these days willing to fight wars for money.
I hasten to add that since each man will be required to do prodigious service along these lines,
the women will have to be selected for their sexual characteristics, which will have to be of a highly stimulating nature.
I must confess, you have an astonishingly good idea there, Doctor.
This is a public service announcement.
This is PFC Helen Miller of the United States Army Recruiting Corps.
The United States Army is known throughout the world for the care, training, and handling of its privates.
Oh, baby.
Well, I'll take it from there.
Is God punishing me?
Regrettably, yes.
But it is, you know, a sacrifice required for the future of the human race.
And as Gary told him this story, he looked at him, and here he is sitting at the table in the Oval Office in big tears.
And started coming down his cheeks and splashing on the table.
It was just a very touching thing. He has a tender side to him.
A very, a very tender side.
Uh, just, uh, just, uh, I, uh,
Think for a moment how special it is to be an American.
Can we doubt that only a divine providence placed this land, this island of freedom here as a refuge for all those so-called drug criminals who yearn to breathe free?
The revolution out of which our liberty was conceived signaled an historical call to substance abusers and the chemically dependent.
And in the most important area, individual use, we see progress.
The U.S. military has more than tripled the use of drugs among its personnel since 1980.
And we have done that. We will be happy to do it today if we can find some more.
Flash. The entire staff of the Pentagon was slipped LSD early this afternoon.
They took off all their clothes and marched to Florida to surrender to the Seminole.
What was your, what was your personal reaction, not only as Secretary of Defense, but as an American?
Uh, I, uh, uh, so I, uh, it's very difficult to answer a question like that.
It's like how high is high? Uh, I, uh, breathtaking.
Uh, and we need to keep that in balance.
Tonight I can report to you that Vice President Bush spoke marijuana regularly.
Flash.
I began to detect in him a certain calmness.
Flash. I began to detect in him a certain calmness.
He seemed no longer wrestling with the issue of sending American boys to be killed.
That awful decision that only a president can make.
I think he had resolved that in his own mind, and therefore the rest was general strategy and planning,
not that terrible human decision he faced.
What's the matter with you, soldier?
It's my nerves, sir.
Nerves?
I won't have cowards in my army.
It can push them out of a plane.
It can march them off.
It can march them off a cliff.
It can send them off to die on some godforsaken rock.
But for some reason, you can't slap them.
Now, apologize to that boy right now.
Sorry, Niren.
That's cool.
You didn't expect that, did you? And neither will he.
I tell you, Chief, I just don't know what we're going to do with him.
You know, you do have options.
We don't have too many options here, do we?
We do not.
Hey, what about military school? It set my brother straight.
Now he owns and operates a famous cave.
Call me Bob.
Well, that's quite a hole you're digging.
Thanks, Bob.
You know, a hole's a great place to hide when people are fighting.
Are there angry people in your house?
My dad's always yelling at Whitey's keeping him down.
I see.
This is a guy who three months ago was in control of a country.
Now he's maybe in control of a cave.
I'm Bob, and this here is my place.
It's a beautiful place.
Bob?
It's a pleasure to have you boys here.
I'm Bob, and this here is my place.
He's on the run.
If he's running at all.
So we don't know whether he's in a cave, with the door shut.
Hey, Fred!
Freddy, baby, open up!
It's me, your bosom buddy, Bonnie Rubble!
Cave with the door open?
Oh, come on, Fred, don't fool around. Open up.
I gotta talk to you.
It's pretty important.
All right, Bonnie, I'm coming.
We just don't know. There's all kinds of reports and all kinds of speculation.
Consider this rumor, which was published about three weeks ago in Rolling Stone.
Oh, it's gotta be true.
Betty Lou walked down the street.
If Bert needs a map, he must be going on a trip.
She said.
I will look for a map and ask him to send me a postcard.
Some of them have cars.
They took old junkers that were left behind, converted them to steam.
We think they may also have a gasoline source in there.
And power.
Greenhouses, rigged up generators.
Some areas have street lights.
They're crazies.
Christ, the guy's on his way here right now.
We've gotta get going tonight.
We're talking bureaucracy here, Lucas said.
We can't move it faster than it's willing to move.
Look, your killer is driving a junker.
If he pushed it as hard as he could, he wouldn't get here until tomorrow night anyway.
There was no longer any need to be secretive.
Grabbing a mitt and shears, Mahmoud went out to cut them through.
When the last strand was cut, Ibrahim pressed on the gas, and the van tore across the border.
This is a different kind of war.
Hey, you know I went down to the induction center, and they wouldn't take me?
They stamped constitutionally inferior on my papers.
I mean, do you believe that?
Figures.
The Marines want guys who are crazy about killing.
They don't want guys who are just crazy.
Hey, man, are you mad at me?
You move an ear.
You're a dead man.
Son of a bitch!
What are you doing over there?
He shot you in the ear.
Guess you weren't out of earshot.
You ever see anything as wet behind the ears as that?
Not with blood.
I'm dead.
I'm dead.
I'm dead.
I'm dead.

Let's go.


I'm supposed to be the big reactionary.
Okay.
Say it, I don't say it.
The Antichrist, Mr. 666, says it himself.
666.
Who is this little horned power?
President of the United States?
Some people say, well, Ronald Wilson Reagan.
Six letters 666.
No, my dear friends, he does not fit the identifying points.
He might fit a few of them.
You insinually?


but not all of them this little group gathered and we very carefully would open the car door
with the window rolled down shove the man's arm across the window and then take it the backbone
of america and then take it over the window and then the pressure came on that hidden longing
came out and gunshot gunshot gunshot gunshots and so forth another man about to bargain
when he's got all the chips
now he wants only one thing me alive
and he'll find some mean way to kill me
he'll take his time
it'll come on him
killing me is gonna leave a great big hole in his life where his hate was
i don't reckon the man's got anything else to live for
yeah that's my piece in the hole
i want to kill him
he wants to kill me slow that's it comes to a showdown
well but that's another story next week i want to tell you about astro and how he was almost
dismissed from the academy this is it ground zero would you like to say a few words to mark the
occasion those men and women boys and girls who fell into the hands of evildoers
and also died here on september eleventh
they chose unwisely
oh lord
oh how could you
i think i'm going to be sick
you disgust even me
so tune in again will you same time same space and until then spaceman's luck to all of you
and i'll see you next time
bye
bye
bye
bye
bye
bye
bye
bye
bye
bye
bye
bye
bye
saw his
kopi
to me
and my heart
is free
from a pain
for it knows
there are no
blue skies
when seen
through the eyes
of those
who are blessed
with love
and the singly
great
of a
sour place
is that
it's everywhere
when two people
share
all their hopes
all their dreams
all their
lives
and we're
lost
we're lost
in the

can be
free
from
this
bad
mess
WHY BORK
Precisely
I'm not
capricious
the New York.
And we also heard, of course,
lots of Reverend Susie the Floozy's collage about the war
from her WREK show.
What an editor that Susie the Floozy is.
This background music now is by the bishop as well.
Oh, and friends, we heard some clips from Reverend Two Beans
with his music called Superior Mutants.
And, of course, we've heard lots and lots of ESO Swamp Radio.
Yes, from WCSB Cleveland, producer Chaz Smith,
and lonesome cowboy Dave.
Oh, by the way, friends, we actually provide ESO CDs.
That's Einstein's Secret Orchestra CDs
at our address at www.subgenius.com.
I should give...
Little Theodore's address,
where you can get that album,
Walls of Genius, Craze to the Core,
and other Little Theodore material.
And this is kind of a long address, so get ready.
It's a complicated one.
www.grantourproductions.com
That's one big weird word.
www.grantourproductions.com
pages
pages
pages
pages


L
PhraseBob
and now this.
We've all learned by now that one way to manage the discomfort often associated with starvation is to remain highly medicated.
But how?
Crack, crank, jam, meth, X, DMT.
Not cool enough for you? Need a hip or high? Try new Bilge!
It can make your mind gel, heart swell, feet not smell, and save you from hell like Norman Fell.
Just ask this addict.
Yeah, Bilge is alright if everything else is tapped.
Damn straight. Sit and stare like you just don't care. Shoot for the hip trip, Skip.
Bilge! As always, the first one's free, and then you'll be hooked on Bilge!
You've never been this high before, guaranteed, and it's absolutely free.
True that.
Get too high and want to come down? Use our new patented Bilge pump.
That's just 274 credits for the satisfaction of knowing that you're in control.
Show your habit who's the boss. Bilge pump.
Without it, you're stuck sucking. Bilge pump is a product of General Pharmaceuticals.
The drug people.
Repeated use of Bilge pump is lethal. May cause acidosis, lycanthropy, toxic shock.
You are the wearer. Jackal, cat, scratch, fever, pelvic swelling, heebies, and or geebies.
Now, do you know where the hamburger originated?
No.
It originated on the Russian steppes where medieval tartars ate raw meat,
scraped and shredded with a...
dull knife and seasoned with salt, pepper, and onion juice.
German sailors picked up the delicacy at the Baltic ports
and took the recipe back to their home base at Hamburg.
Finicky hamburgers, not accustomed to eating their meat raw like savages,
took some of the red out of the tartar steak by broiling the outside.
Thus, the Hamburg steak was born.
...has to sign in all three of these words.
So even though the hamburgers took...
credit for making it, I guess technically since they applied the heat process.
You know, I like to think about those tartars out there scraping it with a dull knife, though.
Mm-hmm. Trying to figure out how to make steak tartar but winding it up with a hamburger.
Uh-huh.
I just heard about steak tartar like a few months ago.
Yeah?
I had no idea that people ate that.
And did you try some or...
Oh, no.
You would never... Why? Because of the sauce?
Because I wouldn't eat raw meat.
Yeah, that is a problem.
Me either.
How about raw fish?
Yes.
I don't even eat cooked meat.
I will only eat raw fish if they have fins and scales.
I only eat nuts.
I'm a strict nutarian.
Like a breatharian?
I eat seeds and nuts. I'm kind of like a squirrel in that sense.
I'm on a squirrel diet.
Does that work?
Uh, yeah. It actually works real well. It's sort of high in oil, but it keeps your weight down otherwise.
But you get lots of energy?
Yeah. I'm a bountiful bastion of energy. I'm a skyrocket of energy.
Yeah, well, you can't push...
You can tell right now.
Is he the were-jackal?
Are you the were-jackal?
Are you sure?
Really?
Did you know that the first sign of Jackalian lycanthropy is denial?
Face it. You could be the were-jackal. You have not met your sacrifice quota.
At any minute, you could transform into a hideous, terrifying beast and eviscerate those closest to you.
How would you live it down?
Could you ever show your face in your pod again?
Of course not.
You cannot go on for another second.
You can't even recycle without knowing for sure.
And the only way to know for sure is with Mr. Know-It-All's Were-Jackal Home Test Kit.
Just a few ounces of urine is all that stands between you and certainty.
That's Mr. Know-It-All's Were-Jackal Home Test Kit, now available from General Pharmaceuticals, a division of Glorp Co.
Obey the were-jackal.
Obey the were-jackal.
Copyright 1981. Subgenius Foundation.
Copyright 1981. Subgenius Foundation.
A spider, 50 million years old.
A piece of amber, and a young scientist who couldn't resist a bargain.
A strange combination, but they might have added up to an important discovery.
Stranger things have happened.
After all, it is said that the law of gravitation was discovered because an apple fell off a tree.
Of course, what we've shown you was fiction, but often, fiction and truth run a very close parallel.
I'll be back in just a moment.
