Friends, you know, they're out to do something to you.
I ain't gonna say just what.
I know it's not kiss you.
They don't want to kiss you, though they may want you to kiss something on them.
You know, in the Middle Ages, there was a...
They called it the obscene kiss.
Kissing the devil's bum was the way a witch was initiated.
And today, of course, we have a corporate butt kissing.
And it's the same thing in the office, in the school.
They're still kissing the posterior of the devil.
Selling out.
The bottom line is, friends,
the work ethic is satanic.
The Church of the Subgenius.
Well, all I can say about them is that anybody
who hides behind blasphemous humor
and doesn't have the guts to come out in the open
and identify who they are or what they are
and allow anybody to interact...
on any kind of an intelligent level with them
is just plain idiotic and cowardly.
And I think Bob's a great name.
And you can see through women's clothing.
It saved my life.
It saved my life.
And it can save your life, too.
The Subgenius Hour of Slut.
We are an ugly religion.
We pick our noses.
We pyroflagellate to the gods.
And sex is messy.
Now, pray for messy sex.
Now, we've done the first step to technomagic.
We've taken the time.
Now, this is the second part, and I need your help.
Because I need to explain to you why you need to give money to this church.
Because I have seen Reverend Stagg
work.
I have seen him get down on his knees,
beating his little fingers to the bone
to cut you an hour of slack every week.
And all he asks is the money.
All he asks for is the money.
Pope Michael has stressed his bleeding little head blind
putting up this hip roar.
And get roaring.
Hoo!
Kind of event.
Whatever that means.
And he's worked.
These people don't practice what they preach.
Because they're not the kind of men they're preaching to.
But they have reached into the void.
They have taken their time.
And they have done the sacred mantra of the Church of the Subgenius.
Which, if you send your $20 to Bob, we will give you.
But because of the kindness of my heart,
I'll give it to you free tonight.
Hoo!
There's always a catch when you're dealing with kindness.
I'll expect your help later.
Now, oh, thank you so much.
I'll hold you to it.
You don't know what you want.
Oh, my God.
And what I have sort of grudgingly told you is.
When I look at a woman I miss much...

And the only place I really consider as true the miracle of like,


I really let go off that damnedlyし jesteśmy overweh ,
because of that relationship we have with our Lord
and for him to solve our, our problems is really revolutionary.
And, and right this,
I said what I said compared to what you said,
because they've never heard of the Church of the Subgenius,
so maybe you would like to enlighten them for a moment.
Make it quick.
What the Church of the Subgenius is about is finding peace through forgetting about Jesus,
because what Jesus has caused on this earth is religion,
and what religion has caused is wars and strife and problems in everybody's life.
That's right. Let's all blame it on the...
Are we ready now?
Christians!
Well, not just Christians. I'm not just picking on you, Bob.
Yeah, Rob. You want to let people in on that inside joke?
Oh, well, the founder of the Church of the Subgenius is J.R. Bob Dobbs,
and he had had a vision of the subgenius.
I am the first person to make this fabulous journey.
Suspended in the timelessness of inner space are the thought waves of my first impression.
They will be our only source of contact once you have passed beyond the limits of normal.
Magnification.
Magnification.
Magnification.
Magnification.
And what is going to happen is there are some zists,
which are extraterrestrial creatures that are going to appear here on July 8, 1998,
at 7 o'clock in the morning, and the people who...
Oh, it isn't either. It's just 7.03.
Well, 7.03. I'm just trying to explain briefly.
Yeah.
And the people who have Bob in their hearts,
which I believe you possibly could be, since you're Bob.
They're both wrong.
You're a candidate for this.
And we will take off from Earth just in time to miss the destruction of the Earth
in their pleasure saucers,
and we will be taken back to their planet, which is Planet X.
They call it because they don't want to reveal what planet they're from
until we're there, and we'll find out,
and we'll live in peace and harmony with them.
Now, I hate to disappoint you,
but my truly christened name by my mother is Bobby.
Now, I hate to disappoint you because I realize you had this deep spiritual respect for me
as the result of what you said in terms of the appellation applied to me,
but it truly is Bobby.
Now, in Alabama, I get along great.
In Nebraska, it wasn't so great.
It's great being raised as Bobby, okay?
Okay.
But, but, sir.
Yes?
To reduce the problem of evil and the reality of grace
to some kind of sick, silly joke is not only pathetic,
it's a waste of time.
And I cannot, for the life of me,
find out what you and the rest of the people in the so-called Church of the Subgenius
want to spend so much time doing absolutely nothing about nothing
when there are very serious and real problems in this world that need resolved
and no Bob can solve them.
Bob can solve them.
Bob can do lots of things.
Bob can do lots of things, dear friends.
And he did do lots of things.
Oh, he did some bad things, I'm sure.
And he did.
He did some real bad things,
or at least inspired some bad things at the Subgenius Convention.
God, it was two weeks ago,
and I'm still just barely recuperating from it.
In Chicago, the Subgenius Convention,
the conclave of the believers,
and we're going to play some more tapes from that tonight
of that fantabulous band,
the Swingin' Love Corpses,
the sizzling Sister Mary Squared preaching,
as well as the Subgenius Convention.
As Sister Velveteen Sly,
and I know, well, we get fan letters about Velveteen Sly.
They say, more pictures of Velveteen.
More pictures of Mary Square.
And G. Gordon Gordon will be on these tapes.
The conspiracy panel discussion continued.
And, of course, yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Ah, yes.
But interspersed, for obvious legal reasons,
are these wonderful clips.
These are the clips of tape sent by Reverend Michael Allen
way, way out there on the fringe,
in the frontier zones,
where he captured...
In fact, let me read you this letter
from this devoted and really talented Subgenius.
Reverend Stang, I finally spoke to Bob Larson on tape.
And slackfully, while I was on hold,
some other guy named Steve from Michigan
got on the air,
and started preaching for Bob Dobbs.
That's why I have to have this on tape.
Reverend Allen was just sitting there
waiting to tape himself,
and somebody else beat him to it,
praising Bob.
That was a trip, he says.
Then, when I got on the radio,
he just let me talk for a minute.
Before I even got to make any points,
I, um...
had cut me off.
And he's had some insults,
and I've had some insults for him.
Anyway, it's a great show,
and you can haunt those airwaves, too,
dear friends.
But, uh...
Oh, yeah, and I should mention,
there are several other...
If you enjoy the suggestions of the material
that you hear on this show,
there are some more coming up here and there
around the country.
Akron, October 7th.
Cleveland, October 10th.
Atlanta in November, the Phenomicon.
And...
There's somebody setting one up in Kansas City,
December 7th.
And, uh...
There's a new club opening in Dallas called Club No.
And it sounds like on New Year's,
there,
and, uh...
Like I said, December 7th, Kansas City,
and in November at Phenomicon,
there's gonna be the Swingin' Love Corpses,
Mary Squared Au Contrere,
uh, G. Gordon Gordon,
the whole hideous sort of thing,
and a whole crew of subgenius preachers.
It's almost like, uh,
a regular little traveling floating crap game or something.
It's just great.
Uh...
Oh, well, let's get back to these tapes.
You've gotta hear all of this stuff
from Bob Larson's show.
It's just fantastic.
So let's get back now to, uh,
talking about, uh, fornication.
I mean...
I'd like to change the subject
from fornication to cattle mutilation.
Are there any recent developments
on the cattle mutilation conspiracy?
Well, now, for some of us,
there's a good connection
between cattle mutilation and fornication.
Have you ever...
Because those things don't rot.
Those things lay there cut open,
and they don't rot, you know?
They core out a pretty good size.
Now, just what could have happened
to get such a piece of tripe?
I just noticed there's been no correlation
between cattle mutilation and Jack the Ripper.
Yeah, what about...
What's the correlation between
cattle mutilations and Jack the Ripper?
Actually, the cattle mutilation,
according to Tom Warner,
were done by those same two old guys
who did all the crop circles.
Uh, the 13,000 crop circles.
Praise the old guys.
Yeah, praise the two old British farts.
They practiced in the U.S.
on their vacations
doing the 20,000 cattle mutilations.
And all they used was a board
and a piece of string.
And a cup.
Is there any correlation
between the Nissan commercial and Bob?
Of course.
Of course.
It was a connection.
But it was a connection that Bob set up, not us.
We know for a fact that the guy
who wrote the Nissan commercial
with the parking for Bob only and so forth
was not aware of the church of the subgenius.
But obviously, he was also not aware
that J.R. Bob Dobbs was doing the typing
when he wrote that ad.
So, that happens quite a bit.
I mean, Bob is prominent all over the earth.
And what you're doing
is exactly what Bob would want you to do.
You have the name of Bob
and you're ministering in his name
and you're helping people.
That's the subgenius helping out right now.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm ministering in the name of Jesus Christ.
Yeah, but you don't know.
You're covering it up as Jesus Christ.
But really, subconsciously,
you haven't been awakened yet.

You haven't been to this subgenius level yet.
You don't know it,
but you really are ministering
in the name of the subgenius.
You know, I'll bet if you
and the people of the Partridge Family Temple
ever got together,
along with the Electric Hellfire Club,
you people could eat cotton candy
and Hostess Twinkies all day long
and really party down.
Well, yeah, that sounds fun.
Not.
Anybody got a new friend?
Oh, thank God.
It's, oh, oh.
Let me cut your belly open.
Cut my belly open?
And show you the black stuff inside.
Why would I want to show you the black stuff inside?
I'll show you the black stuff inside.
What would ever possess me to want to show my,
disembowel myself from an audience?
Show the black stuff.
I'll show you, you, and you
all the black stuff inside.
No black stuff from here.
Oh, at this point in the
Swingin' Love Courses show, dear friends,
Sister Mary Square got up there in her underwear
doing a sort of bump and bump.
Hey, pull your pants up before I give you a wedgie.
Oh, he was talking to Sphinx at that point.
Young Sphinx.
He got stuck like that one time for about six weeks.
We had to haul him around.
He went to work.
We had to build a special chair for him at work
just to be able to sit like that.
Yeah.
Oh, now he's going to act like he's hurt.
You watch.
Tonight he won't load any equipment.
He'll say, my back's bothering me.
He does it every time.
We've got something to remark.
Now, this has never happened before.

At this point, Dr. Drummond, I think, does cut Sphinx's belly open
and show him the black stuff inside.
And Sphinx lays down and he's dead.
Black stuff is showing.
It's not working, even for ours.
And Sister Mary is inspired to bring him back to life
with this incredible bump and grind over his prostrate body.
And he starts bumping sort of from the floor upwards
and slowly finally makes it up to where they're both well.
We don't even pay her to do that.
She just likes it.
Chiropractic and health.
Is this the last song?
No.
No.

No.
This is the last song before our 15 or 20 obligatory encores
we know you'll call us back for.
So, I mean, we can stop now and play like maybe, you know,
depending, five more songs.
That be good?
Yeah.
Five.
Three.
Ten.
We don't know ten more.
Now, we've done two steps.
We've taken the time to ground and fender ourselves
and think about what we truly want
so that we can be true to our truth.
True Yeti heritage and lineage.
And remember, we are genetic supremacists
and there is such a thing as genetic memory.
So we better start thinking while we can.
Now, we've set out the calling,
which, if you'll remember in our key,
is kind of symbolized by that little crucifix type
adulation, modulation, put two and two together.
And it does equal four, but a five will get you ten
if you know how to work it.
And if you can understand that,
and you can understand that I'm getting to it,
somebody's going to wind up walking out of here rich as hell
if we all play along.
Now, there's, it's a threefold concept.
And in techno magic, you've got a triangle there,
which is the most stable force in any kind of mathematical,
religious type organization.
You can find trees anywhere.
And the force faces the void, which we can't avoid.
But we can annoy it.
So, now we put our hand into the void,
into the force face here.
All right, we don't know where we're going.
We're diving head first into the abyss.
Look if you like, but you're going to have to leave.
And we've set out the fact that we want money.
Now, the third, the third key to this is that we've got to put money into the void.
Now, does anybody have a hat?
Yeah.
Thank you, brother.
And there's money in it.
I heard.
Now, all I'm asking to prove a point, and you don't have to do this,
is if you can take a one dollar bill, one dollar, and place it into this hat.
Can everybody do that?
If everybody doesn't, then everybody will have a chance to see what will come out of the void.
Come on, give to the hearts.
You don't know the truth like this if you're not doing it.
Give to the hearts.
Get up.
It's one dollar.
Taxi cab driver will rip you off for more words of saying that we want to play now.
Thank you, Dr. Lequeu.
The true brother Kevin to me.
Oh, thank you, brother.
Thank you, Reverend Clay Animation.
Thank you, Reverend Gray.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you, Dr. Lequeu.
Thank you, shoulder man.
Drinking cider and Kool-Aid and we gamble on the other talk.
Anybody else want to give?
We got a whole lot of money.
We got a half of the money right here.
Everything you got.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You can always give more, but too much is always better than not enough.
Always remember that.
Thank you.
Now, the folks that have put into this void, please stay up here.
Now, we got a half full of money, right?
Right.
All right.
We have put the time and the money into the void.
Pass it up.
Hurry up.
Pass it up.
Pass it up.
It's coming around.
It's only coming around for a long time.
It's a big hat full of money.
We'll come again.
This is a pretty big club.
There's a couple of hundred people in there.
I think it's probably about 40 or 50 bucks.
There were 20s in there.
Now, we have put everything into the void and the concept in this Technomagic is that
when you put into the void and you can't control when it's in the void, it's going








it'll put out, but when you put into the board, there is a three-fold give-back return.
Now, when Reverend Stag works, and when Pope Flores works, and they put money and time
into these events, and into making their hours of slack, they're giving you the keys for
your own techno magic to show you personally how to pull the wall over your own eyes, relax
in the safety of your own delusions, and get rich off the plane's stride.
All right, now that we've had this little humorous exchange, bottom line, Steve, why
does this idiotic, stupid stuff appeal to you?
Well, because I look, I see, it's just, I look at it as another religion.
All religions in the world, to me...
Oh, you don't look at this as another religion, it's a joke.
All religions seem to be stuffed with...
Just pain and trouble and strife.
No, it's your way of making a joke out of the reality of religion.
I've got more respect for a Hindu and a Buddhist than I do for you.
I've got more respect for a Hindu and a Buddhist than I do for you.
Hey, everybody, I think it's time to say, we can't put up with things on this way.
We've got to turn around and turn it inside out, because the power of the laser ain't
enough.
Monsters become nicer than people that you trust, and they fall to pieces, even diamonds
turn to dust.
State of emergency!
State of emergency!
State of emergency!
State of emergency!
Go on, get tough, get tough, get going.
Step on the accelerator, get the mother rolling.
Out on the back streets, you see them coming round.
Hot times are troubled, man, you're going down.
But they're moving forward, they want to conquer all.
But they go up, one pass them all.
State of emergency!
State of emergency!
State of emergency!
State of emergency!
State of emergency!
People like to think that they've got it made.
It's only good till the last thought is played.
Six or one, half a dozen, let the other, it's not so bitch.
The bitch is a monster.
A monster be ribboned over and he
wants, once and g quer qu' a lot.
Who wants a stake over and wants a zmall.
There will be no mercy!
It's all urgency.
State of emergency!
State of emergency!
It's all urgency!
State of emergency!
State of emergency!
State of emergency!
State of emergency!
State of emergency!





state of emergency!
There's a definite correlation between tornadoes and trailer bars.
Exactly.
That has been made over and over again.
These metal boxes are foregone energy of chemo.
And this is why we have them.
Praise right.
Praise.
Too much orgone is always better than not enough.
Unless you live in a metal trailer.
Suck some tornadoes out of the sky.
Yeah, there's subgeniuses that can suck the tornadoes back.
With reversed orgone spin.
By the way, Connie is capable of the tsunami orgasm.
A tsunami is the word for a Japanese hurricane.
Now, if I can get all of you lovely gentlemen,
and ever so fine, Reverend Janina Grinder,
and your gorgeous looking legs.
I hope you have your fishnet stockings on tonight.
To sit down or squat down in clear space,
I'm going to turn, put the microphone down,
or turn it over to Reverend Stang,
and we're going to go back.
We're going to go back to our mantra.
All right?
And I want you to really mantra like you have never mantra'd before.
I want you to sit down and say,
Oh, my, please pat me, Molly.
And you better have your eyes closed,
because you can't see where I'm going,
or where I'm coming to.
I slip in and out whenever I like.
All right?
Can I ask everybody to sit down,
or at least close your eyes.
Stand where you are.
Why don't you just stand where you are,
and start your mantra.
Oh.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.

Now, Sister Mary Squared goes into this subgenius convention
crowd gathering,
while she's looking for a stranger to give the money to.
And I build up to the money-burning ceremony.
I only burn one dollar.
While this miracle is about to happen,
we have to make sure that the exes,
the men from Planet X,
know,
that there's something on this planet still worth saving.
And we're going to send this message to people in the world.
So I, as presiding priest, burn a dollar bill.
And Sister Mary...
You could be more deaf. I bet you have $20 in here
to buy yourself a fully certified membership to the church.
She has presented the money to a stranger.
Yeah. If you put it into the void, you can pull out.
And you owe all of these people right here a threefold return.
And you don't have to give back the money, although you can,
because then you'll get it back threefold, and it's kind of like a lottery.
Or you can just give it back to them mentally
and bless them and charge the money for your blessings.
Or actual slack. What have you.
But I bet you've learned a valuable lesson in the search for the sub-genius.
Give till it hurts.
The young man then throws the money into the crowd,
throws the money back into the crowd.
A true bomb, ladies and gentlemen!
A true bomb!
Prize bomb!
Now, I'm wondering why the rest of you didn't give,
and I'm not going to praise you for giving,
because God knows I give till it hurts,
and sometimes I just can't give anything.
Squeeze, though, amen.
I did!
And I bet there are all kinds of excuses running through your heads,
like, oh, I just didn't feel like it,
or I didn't know what she was going to do,
or she's just going to keep it for herself,
or all she's got is a thick, down bra,
and oh, I probably won't be the one to get the money.
That excuse is so lame, even Bob couldn't make it walk.
But Tom was so good.
We are a sound sex that is selling sex,
and there is no one except this church that can sell sex like we can.
Yeah!
I bet you never thought aliens looked like this before.
Well, did ya?
And there are many of us here tonight.
There are many sisters of the Yeti,
uber women and priestesses to the umpteenth degree.
No one here enough.
Oh, but they're big enough to go around.
Whoa!
We are well-rounded priests.
We give you all kinds of interesting curves,
and angles, and so on.
Always have a girl.
Oh, yeah, now that's where I should stop in
and remind you all, dear friends,
that you're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry
Hour of Slack,
a presentation of the Church of the Subgenius,
and with tapes from the recent Subgenius convention,
interspersed with some nice media birds,
and some nice garage clips by St. Joe Riley.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
And I should identify the station here.
I see him walking close to me.
Let it be.
Whoo!
Okay.
Now that we are all truly grounded
and caught up inside our heads,
and now that we've gotten rid of our bull,
we can fully admit that what's going on within us
is gonna go on with Alice, whether we like it or not,
so we better happy up and have a good time.
Start getting ready to get rid of our chickens,
and look at our absurdities, and say,
we are an ugly religion.
We pick our noses.
We pyro-flagellate to the gods.
And sex is messy.
Whoo!
Now, praise the messy sex.
Praise the messy sex.
All right, now.
Can you get this thing out of here this rickety,
Tingle official?
Mom.
This is the way the conspiracy gets you distracted off into the little conspiracies.
You start working on, you get obsessed with one of them, like Kennedy assassination.
Of course, if there's any good one to be obsessed with, it's JFK assassination.
Because even if there was no conspiracy to kill John Kennedy, the information you find
out investigating that indicates that there could so easily have been one that that alone
is cause for alarm.
And that's what people have never seemed to bother with.
And the time control factor involved with that too, getting you to focus on researching
the Kennedy assassination conspiracy when there are past incidents that are now.
Right, they got you complaining about Star Wars program when they're actually spending
the money to make slaves on it.
They're the worst people on the moon.
Don't laugh.
Are you sure?
I saw a TV show that proved it.
I read a paper called Alternative 3.
I read this in the church.
In the church, we like to believe everything, every cheap paperback we read.
And if you will accept these things unquestioningly, they could kind of stay in your mind a little
longer and you start to see the connections between all of them.
And sometimes they do.
Sometimes they're connections that not even the craziest crackpot kooks have stumbled upon, and yet we find them.
Ah, what does that tell you?
We're crazier than they think they are.
Aha!
More observance.
Everything you know is right.
That's the scariest thing about it.
Unless you misprove it yourself.
Then that's what the frappy is for.
I mean, if you can't prove anything, it's good practice for the next one.
That's right.
I mean, if it's not one conspiracy, it's going to be another one.
I mean, I figure Vietnam was just practice for the wars on Mars.
Or Venus.
It'd be more like Venus.
Vietnam was practice for South Pepsi Cola in Southeast Asia.
That's right.
Venus has, as we know from Ray Bradbury, Venus has this dense rain and jungle.
So Vietnam was practice for that.
But, uh...
The Gulf, the Gulf, the Persian Gulf was for wars.
That was for wars.
Excuse me, Reverend Stang, I have a question.
Now, y'all have been stirring the issue all afternoon long.
Well, we were paid to.
Hi, guys.
Hi, guys.
Hi, guys.
I am in control.
I hold the compact.
And I am confident.
Worship of Connie is central to the church.
Yes.
For, in fact, I've got control of all of Bob's needs.
.
Yes, I knew you were somewhere.
I have Bob's car keys.
.
I'm in charge of the checkbook.
Yeah!
You're right.
You're right about the credit cards.
It's more control.
Right in here.
Also, all his CDs, his personal computer code.
Whoo!
All of his cash.
He needs more cash.
.
.
Dangerous woman, Connie.
You can quote me, Connie.
When the going gets tough, the slack mix cocktails.
.
I've got more respect for a Hindu and a Buddhist than I do for you.
At least they believe something.
Yeah, we just believe in having a good time while you're here.
Until the time has come.
And when you die?
.
Well, if I'm one of the redeemed ones, I will never die.
.
If I'm lucky enough to zip off in a pleasure saucer, I'll never die.
.
Can't you see the de-evolution of our society?
I have more respect for Anton LaVey than I do you.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah, I really do, because at least he is a Connie Barker-turned-Satanic-Hunkster who knows he's ripping off the public with an absurd ideology.
.
But you, at 16 years of age, have the evil arrogance of trying to assume that there's some legitimacy to this gobbledygook you're talking about.
Well, I want to tell you, God is not named Bob.
.
Don't worry about me! Kill the bastard!
.
.







.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.


.

.
.
.



.
.



Okay, we're back at the subgenius convention in this incredibly hot bar or stage, and the swingin' love corpses are in the throes of their song, State of Emergency.
Guitarist Ray Hay has fallen to the ground holding the guitar.
.
The other band members cluster around him and begin playing his guitar with their instruments.
He has had some sort of spasm or something. He can barely play.
And the other love corpses are pounding the guitar with their saxophones, their accordions, their synthesizers, their drums.
A huge fan is brought up by Princess We Are Doe and is used as a pick, I suppose you could say.
I started using my video camera for a pick.
Sister Mary Squared was nailing Sphinx Drummond to a huge upright cross on stage with real nails.
But I think he dug it. He was getting into it.
There was live sex going on in the audience, dear friends.
It was truly, it turned Chicago's froth theater, 1992, into California's Hollywood Bowl, 1967,
where four English dudes were playing some type of music.
And the most important being how they
tired the heat that by disappointing the band a full house without設ging or clamping
motherfucker on Senator
But if he kinda still held the floor and weren't a cop, that was the Only Experience necessary to be endeavors.
Oh, good question.

© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
flew down into the audience there.
Perhaps in evidence of Bob's participation,
these good subgeniuses, dollar-spending subgeniuses,
were not smashing the head,
although if that thing had hit someone on the head
and critically burned them,
I'm not going to mention that there have been brain cells
they do not need anymore.
Other religions, man, they're trying to take all of your money.
We might trick you into giving us your money.
We might trick you into doing it like the sister marriages do.
But you'll get it back.
You'll get your money's worth.
On next day, you'll be going,
oh, it's too bad my buddy back there didn't want to spend $20
on literally everything he might ever want for eternity.
Something is implanted, an instinct,
a blind compulsion to act for them.
But Quatermass, if you're right, what's going to happen?
What's the ultimate object?
I hesitate to guess, Inspector.
First, a few of these things came here at random, scattered,
and then expended themselves to a purpose.
A year ago, phase number two, the concentrated attack.
When the going gets tough, the slack mix cocktails.
I'm convenience incurrent,
even as I am the creatrix of catastrophe,
cryptic, chaotic, cataclysmic.
It has been confirmed that all can be cured
through the power of Akani.
Of course, Akani can be worshipped.
Yeah.
Praise God!
Praise God!
Praise God!
Praise God!
There are many ways for men to worship me,
but I prefer them on their knees.
Oh, okay!
Now, I hope you understand what this program's doing
is educating you the stuff that's going on out there,
letting you know the reality of deception that's in our world.
And there's more than one face of evil.
What this young man was talking about is just as evil,
because you know what the ultimate evil is?
It's separating man from the goodness and love
and atonement of Jesus Christ.
And whatever it takes to do it,
the devil will have accomplished his goal.
Satan wants to separate you from the truth.
Jesus Christ loves you and came to die for your sins.
We got Michael on the line at Fort Worth.
Michael?
Bob, I can't believe that you sat there on the radio
and you called Bob Dobbs evil.
Because, you know, really, you're the one that's evil
because that's why everyone listens to your show.
Because they like to listen to the evilness
that's on your story.
You know, Destroyer and all that crap, you know.
Those are demons, sir.
Don't make a light of it.
Well, that's why I'm listening to it,
because I like evil.
Yeah?
You know?
What do you do?
And you sat there and you called Bob Dobbs evil?
Yeah, that's just stupid.
The Church of the Subgenius is stupid.
No, see, but that's why I'm saying,
you don't believe in that,
but how can you believe in something like,
you know, like the Bible or something?
Sir, sir, I have a 1,300-page book here
that I said a moment ago,
I've got to give five of these away to people who,
give 2,2312 in their credit card.
This is a 1,300-page, 7x10 reference work
with 2,400 articles and 1,500 biographical entries
that deals with just the history
of Christianity in America.
All right?
Then this other book over here that we're giving away
is 688 pages cataloging 2,000 years
of the influence of Christianity.
Now, I've got these two books here,
and I've got them sitting side by side,
and I'm looking at them,
and we're talking like about five inches worth of books.
All right?
But I'm not going to say...
No, no, no, just listen to me.
Now, that's reality, sir.
That is history.
That is fact.
To you.
That is flesh and blood of what has actually happened
in the history of humanity for the last 2,000 years.
And you're going to tell me
that you're going to stick something in there?
I'm a jerk.
Hey, man.
With a name like Bob up as some fake god,
and you're going to take five inches worth of books here
of the reality of Christianity's influence on history.
What I want to tell you,
you are ignorant and you are arrogant.
But I think you are those two.
Ah, get a life.
Just get a life, okay?
Get a life.
Come on, grow up and get a life.
You're always telling people...
Nah, grow up, man.
Get a life.
This is serious history.
This is the reality.
There are 2,000 years of recorded history
of what Christianity has contributed to this world
and millions of people involved in that contribution.
So get off this idea of some pleasure craft
coming to take you to Planet X on July the whatever in 1998.
Grow up, get yourself a life,
and wake up to the reality
that this silly little joke you consume yourself with
will damn your soul to hell.
No, see, I don't believe in...
in hell.
I don't believe in any of that.
So I'm not worried about that.
See?
Sir?
Sir?
That's like telling the people of Somalia
not to worry about starvation.
Hurricane!
This is Louisiana!
Florida!
Hooks that Florida!
It's a bummer!
It's a bummer!
It's a bummer!
80 million people died on Earth.
Earthquake in China!
It's a bummer!
Bummer!
Trillion dollar deficit!
Bummer!
Sort of a beautiful thing, though, don't you think?
Trillion dollar deficit.
George Bush for president!
Bummer!
Bill Clinton for president!
Bummer!

Ross Perot for president!
President!
Bummer!
Senator Bob Donovan for president!
Not a bummer!
Not a bummer!
That's a bummer, too.
You wouldn't want him as your president!
You wouldn't want him as your president!
It would be a bummer!
This guitar isn't loud enough!
Bummer!
Final point, all the guitar solos from now on.
Father!
That's like telling someone
who has Carposius sarcoma
not to worry about dying from AIDS.
One of the things that's very frightening about you, Michael,
and a lot of kids today
is to get up on these idiotic flights of fantasy.
And believe me, there are enough people
who are rip-off artists out there
who are willing to sell you any kind of bill of goods
to get you to believe in something.
And Michael, there is 2,000 years of recorded history
of what Christianity has done for this world.
We're talking about real flesh and blood lies.
We're talking about the reality
of God's work and God's power.
I am also talking right now
about 162 obscene and harassing phone calls
and only two people sharing 22312.
Beautiful band!
Now they've got themselves a colony.
And all this went on for a year and nobody said anything?
But who knows how many infected people they've got in high places.
What about here? Can you be sure of all your stuff?
I think so else.
I think so else.
I think so else.
I think so else.
I think so else.
Okay, you've been listening to the report
from the 1992 Subgenius World Convention
Subgenius World Convention
Chicago, Illinois.
And not to mention the beautiful Bob Larson clips.
Thanks to Reverend Michael Allen for those.
And you know, there's still more from that Worldcon to hear here.
So don't forget to stay tuned for that.
And for more information about the Church of the Subgenius
and everything we do for you,
just write to that post office box for that free information.
And of course, that post office box number is
post office box number 140306
right here in beautiful Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Post office box 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Not enough of you have been writing into that, so write into that.
And stay tuned for even more.
Praise Bob.
The Baptist broke into subgenius H&M and stole big red straps.
Oh my God.
No, it was the altar, not the...
No, well, that was an exaggeration.
Actually, we sold them the big red straps.
Praise Bob.
And for a steal.
It was for a steal.
We were trying to, you know, get them...
But see, they won't admit what they were using those big red straps for.
You know, they weren't going to talk about the dildos strapped onto their heads or anything.
See, in their church,
you know, if their preacher gets caught fooling around,
he gets fired, gets defrocked or whatever.
And whereas if they had been subgeniuses...
If Jimmy Swaggart had been a subgenius,
he'd be number one.
He'd have been number one.
And so would Deborah Murphree.
Praise Deborah.
She was the hooker that he was...
He was caught.
And there was excellent photography of her in Penthouse.
It was Swaggart's high view.
Penthouse ran an art pictorial.
It was like, what Swaggart paid to see.
It actually was not a very pretty sight.
But it had that dirty, sort of...
That forbidden, nasty, bad aspect.
And that was what he was going for.
Praise the forbidden, bad, nasty...
That's right, Mama.
I got a diamond cutter.
A blue fainter.
With a shiny, shiny head.
Hey, hey, stay.
Hey, stay.
Hey, stay.
You dancing with us?
They have programmed us to think that we...
That you...
That you're a human is an evil word.
And that what comes naturally for us is evil.
And that we must disempower our true abilities.
And if we can...
Like a great horned one, a great stag like Bob,
then we can rule the world.
And they've taken that away and said,
no, no, what makes a great ruler is how much money he has
or who he's connected to.
The sword and the stone, the whole mythology in point,
of that whole mythos has been stripped from our minds
and they've put up this society
where they make you think you have to work to please the female.
The female has to get down on her knees from you.
When really, if you're working to please each other,
getting the other person off is going to get you off
as much as possible.
Instead of getting up and getting on,
it's the greater glory of mankind.
What has been lost in this society and this world
is that we have to get up and get on.
And that's why we have forgotten that there is a yin and a yang
and that there are male and female energies of power
and they have only given us one aspect to focus on
and lost the other,
which is why we no longer have withstanding principles and theories.
Well, I don't know.
On the other hand, there's those who would argue
that the women have the biggest conspiracy
and have been controlling everybody for thousands of years.
They had to because they were taken away
from the power of the human.
From their innate ability to control.
They were forced to manipulate and become bodies.
Oh, for the old patriarchal days.
It's so nice to have lived in that period for a brief time.
Not that I got to take much advantage of it.
We know who wears the pants in the Dobbs family.
Well, we know Bob may wear the pants,
but only Connie can take them off.
Rock King.

.
It goes.
.
Pumpkin-filled mariners made out of mud
Pore-ends made out of muslin' blood
Muslin' blood and skin and bones
Combined as weak but a back that's strong
Those 16-tons, what do you get?
16-tons, what do you get?
16-tons, what do you get?
Another day older and deeper in death
St. Peter's coming cause I can't go
Where my soul and company stole
I bought one more when the sun didn't shine
Picked up my shovel and I walked the line
16-tons, look up my toe
Lost my spirit, well bless my soul
16-tons, what do you get?
16-tons, what do you get?
16-tons, what do you get?
Another day older and deeper in death
St. Peter's coming cause I can't go
