Mr. Mr. Pham Lam, now 90 percent of security is settled.
peace Agency
where are we dropping children ok we drop where are we dropping tonight
our world oh how exciting
ok standing by I got my arms open here
Ladies and gentlemen, eyes and ears.
In these days of changing times, people are looking for an answer.
One that will make them happy and their lives productive.
For creative artists, an expanding technology offers many such answers,
but often leads to far more questions along the way.
However, there are exceptions.
And now, the subgenius hour of SWAT.
SWAT.
Pull off where you won't get hit and park on the side of the road there
and lay your hands on the radio.
Lay your hands on the radio there in the home.
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio.
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio.
Money, money, money.
Inintelおおол
All right, Mr. Scientist, would you tell us a little bit about the explosion of a hydrogen bomb?
First of all, there's a tremendous mushrooming effect.
1900 years ago, Peter said, the heavens pass away with a blast, the noise thereof.
Secondly, as it comes in a downward direction, it disintegrates, dissolves, melts everything, even steel.
A 500-foot steel tower in New Mexico melted to the ground so that they found nothing.
Now I want you to get this.
Peter said, the elements shall melt with fervent heat.
If you go to the library tomorrow and say to the librarian, I want to study the hydrogen bomb,
she'd say, sir, follow me.
Letter E, word elements.
Did you know that in your libraries around America, the atom bomb is created?
Classified under elements.
What'd you say, Peter?
The elements shall melt.
Brother, God gave Peter the exact word 1900 years ago.
This is God's word, friend.
Don't let anyone fool you.
The future of your usefulness.
the effect of Library Aqui
What can only we do.
dzした
You may now place the money in the envelope.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Say your prayers.
You sick bastard.
Sometimes I just wish I could be this little normal.
Say your prayers.
You sick bastard.
Sometimes I wish I could be this little normal.
Oh, was that a pentagram on the floor?
Oh, did I have a human sacrifice?
Did I have a virgin tied to an altar here?
Did I drain a cow's blood from its carcass?
Did I leave its meat for the vultures?
Oh, did I sew those robes?
Did I spend the past three weeks organizing this thing?
Was that me?
I don't know what come over me, you know?
Sometimes I just wish that I could be normal like my friend right here.
You know, I've got a drinking problem that sometimes causes me to do these things.
I don't really know what it is that come over me.
Sometimes you can't adjust your mind.
That's because you can lose it talking about things that have no value.
You know, I'm a normal person.
I'm a product of overcrowded public schools.
You have to understand, I'm a victim.
I mean, even while I'm stabbing you or cutting your throat, you have to understand, I'm the victim.
Let me pray for a minute.
Say your prayers and say something.
You sick bastard.
You sick bastard.
Oh, yeah.
It's...
It's sick.
It's sick.
It is sick.
It's sad.
It's terrible what we do.
I know it is.
But I won't apologize.
Not for a second.
No.
No, sir, ma'am.
Because we got some preaching to do.
Just a little bit of preaching tonight.
We got lots of puzzling evidence.
Lots of show tapes of all kinds to hurt you with.
But you know, this is a religious radio broadcast, dear friend.
And we do want to talk to you about God as well as Bob.
Because, you know, if it's magic and mystery and grandeur that you want,
all you got to do is take a real close look at, oh, say, a handful of dirt.
And you'll probably find more there than your pathetic human mind.
Mind can comprehend.
If you can truly see its essence for a lump of mud when perceived in Dob's consciousness,
seethes with infinite potentiality.
And with a lump like that, my friend, who needs God?
Just...
Just...
You can...
You can just forget about those invisible...
Beings and try to...
If you could just fully appreciate what's right up your nose.
Ah, yes.
Because...
Where?
We asked this question.
Where is God when little children suffer?
Where is God while Africa starves?
Where is God when serial killers skin teenage innocent children?
Where is God when the
people who are killed by the Nazis are killed by the Nazis?

Where was God when Hitler died rich and happy in hiding, laughing at us all?
Why did God let me cut myself shaving?
Is there anything even remotely fair about life?
I mean, we all die for cripes' sakes and in no time at all.
But one could shoot up in that vein literally forever.
And it's unfair to dwell only on the negative.
Let's look at the light side of God.
You know, since he works in mysterious ways,
you can blame anything on him and therefore consider it somehow good.
It was good that your child died of some...
horrible blood disease.
It was just good in a way that God doesn't want you to understand.
We sympathize.
It's human nature.
All people need a meaning in their lives and a little entertainment and religion
is the cheapest way to get it.
It provides an excuse to think that there might be justice and order in the universe.
Who wants to...
stare into the face of chaos.
But really, my friends, what is the difference between religion and narcotics or booze?
Either way, you're getting sedation from some outside source.
Both make you spaced out and put a weird gleam in your eye and a stupid smirk or nervous twitch on your face.
Help me, somebody.
Both make you want more.
Help me, somebody.
Both soothe the guilt circuit that Jehovah One programmed in because, after all, you're forgiven.
Those lucky faithful, they can't possibly be fooled.
And we subgeniuses now, oh, I'm afraid we can be easily fooled.
Unlike them, we have to constantly question our own beliefs to make sure we aren't either being tricked or tricking ourselves.
And sure enough, we catch ourselves starting to fall for smooth-sounding lies all the time.
But you know, as bad as we are and as hard as we try, we subgeniuses haven't been able to pull off a slight fraction of the crimes that have been committed in the names of gods not named Bob.
And now, we never said that Dobbs is the ace up God's sleeve.
He's more like the smear on God's handkerchief.
Ah, but the false cults, friends, they don't think God's a smear.
God has a handkerchief.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
No, because God is perfect.
God doesn't sneeze.
He has no snot.
We're made in his image, except that we have all these nasty parts attached to us.
And we have to go in the secret room, the bathroom, to do awful things.
God, though, he's clean and pure.
And he doesn't excrete juices and sweat and smelly stuff out of him like we do.
Because we sinned.
Yes, we sinned.
We're bad.
We're sarcastic.
We're a threat to God.
Unless we sign a contract with his agent saying we won't be bad anymore.
Ah, yes, friends.
It's a mess.
You know, they censored the parts of the Bible where Jesus said you didn't need preachers or Jesus to talk to God and so forth.
His real main point, in fact, was that everybody was what, quote, capital H, unquote, E.
E.
Was.
Bob Dobbs, on the other hand, is not nearly so broad-minded in that respect.
Oh, he hangs out with sinners and weirdos just like Jesus did.
But he never said you could be the same as him.
No way.
Uh-uh.
You just aren't as lucky as Bob.
And you're not going to be.
So forget it.
You could admire Bob.
Oh, yeah.
You could memorize his every utterance, even Connie's shopping lists.
You can grovel and pay lots of church dues.
But you can't be Bob.
And let's face it, you may well be a worthless no-account burden on society.
Just because you're you doesn't mean necessarily that you're good enough to be invited to Bob's parties.
No, you're not Bob, my friend.
But you might be Jesus come again.
Jesus might already be on Earth and not even know it yet because he hasn't yet met his John the Baptist.
Oh, he could come again as a cop or a bag lady.
Or a Texas billionaire with big ears.
Or a rock star.
Or a third world peasant.
Or a salesman.
He could live next door.
I mean, how do you know your pudgy, quiet neighbor over there isn't the Lord living in meekness among us?
And many of us, though ourselves crucified in the past, yet have trouble with this concept.
And we keep thinking of the second coming as a hippie with a gentle voice like in those racist Sunday school paintings.
Of a god.
Of a giant with a white beard and a sheet for clothes.
And it never occurs to us that the Lord could manifest on Earth as, to say, a rabid, mutated freak dog with dozens of genitals.
Or a broken plaster Arnold Palmer golf trophy bust crudely smeared with bed enamel paint.
We keep trying to anthropomorphize God.
Uh-huh.
The second coming might be right here, right now.
And we'd be missing it, mistaking it for some disgusting mistake of nature.
It might be you.
And none of us will ever catch on.
You included.
Now, friends, here's a frightening statistic.
88% of Americans actually believe in God.
But only 30% fear Him.
That's what's wrong with America, my friend.
Don't these humans realize that the anthropomorphic deity they're emptying themselves into is actually Jehovah One?
An ancient, ravenous, alien space creature?
Rising in a pit of chaotic subatomic mega-tachyonic time variations?
Pretending to be God?
He cavorts with plasma angels from the Z dimension.
He's no benevolent father there for you to count on.
You're nothing but one of those.
A man who's got a man's life.
You've only got one of his crops!
He's planning to sell you.
Oh.
He listens to your prayers, all right.
That's how he knows what scares you.
Now, all of this was spelled out in plain English ten years ago in the Book of the Subgenius.
So, why, why, my friends, do they continue to cling to their barbaric superstitions when the word of God has been flailing around right there in front of them?
One week later...
All this time?
They just want the world to make sense.
Everybody does, but we seem to be the only ones who don't expect it to.
To the pink, anything that makes the world seem to make more sense must therefore be the truth.
Whereas we're just the opposite.
Anything that makes the world appear to make sense is a lie.
Yes, dear friends, and as J.R. Bob Dobbs said in 1956 while trying to comfort an orphan in the first home for slackless children in Wichita, Kansas,
Bob said, there is no God.
Not the kind you're thinking.
But if you're any kind of real American, you'll demand that he treat you as an equal.
Bob?
Bob?
What about slack?
What about slack?
That's your key, Frank.
That's what's my goal.
I need to find a way to get my kid to play with me.
Cara came down from the new home.
And as the person who quickly
caused this whole thing to happen,
& did it f strategist his own wish of somethings election
When someone during those election campaigns
As a vote,
only people can EVER vote.

not only is it soft.

Sorry, was I interrupting something?
Now we will see an example of the insecurity of the realm.
Hey, wait a minute. You are interrupting me.
Hello, Bob.
I need someone to talk to.
Hello, Bob.
It seems there's nothing I can do.
Hello, Bob.
I need someone to listen to me.
I'm hitting all the locked doors and I need some help.
And I was hoping you'd have the key.
Hello, Bob.
Have you been listening to my thoughts?
Hello, Bob.
Hello, Bob.
And I'll tell you all the...
...thoughts I've got.
Hello, Bob.
Hello, Bob.
I can't seem to find the truth.
I read the books, I took the drugs, and I drank a whole bottle of Reluce.
Yeah.
Hello, Bob.
I seem to have misplaced my slack.
Hello, Bob.
Hello Bob, well I just can't seem to get it back.
Hello Bob, can you point out what it is I lack?
I've climbed to highest heights, hit the lowest lows, but now I'm on my back.
Hello Bob, are you still hearing me?
Hello Bob, give me a sign that I can see.
Hello Bob, it's not that I've lost all my hope,
but I'm really tired.
I'm really broke and I smoked up the last of my dough.
Hello Bob, am I coming through to you?
Hello Bob, I thought I already paid all my dues.
Hello Bob, I know that you can see me through,
but it's damp and dim and I can't swim.
What am I supposed to do?
Well, hello Bob.
Bob, I'm feeling...
I'm feeling better now you've listened to me.
Hello Bob, well the sun's out now and I can see.
Hello Bob, a great change has come over me.
My eyes are wise, my thoughts are clear, and I'm as happy as I could be.
Yes, my eyes are wise, my thoughts are clear,
and I'm as happy as I could be.
Hello Bob.
Bebe, Bebe blanked, then vibrated.
No, you don't.
You're not going to get me into that game, meaning the Earth game.
I'm staying the way I am.
Monroe continues.
I rolled and turned inward, I guess from an external point of view.

My eyes are like a mirror that I've found my perspective,
much of my response to my early OOBE states out-of-body experience.
States would seem ludicrous.
Now I can laugh at much of it myself.
At least I know the human school game can work.
But there are many unknowns.
What do you do after you graduate?
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Paul Cooley.
Evangel speaking to you from the Terminal of Life near the Gate of Death, where along with many
others, we will shortly be boarding the Interworld Airlines flight FINAL for the New Jerusalem. This
is the very first time that anyone in broadcasting has been given the authority to actually witness
and describe the flight of a departed soul and relay the information so that you can hear,
experience, and prepare yourself for this heavenly journey. The terminal is very crowded today,
and we are told that this is not at all unusual, for eventually all people of all nations will
pass through this point of separation. Let's listen to the dispatcher. Now, of course, this is a
disorganized religion, a non-organization for non-joiners. Praise Bob. If any two subgeniuses
are alike, one must die, preferably the weak one. All subgeniuses are different. There is no such
thing as a typical subgenius. We only have one single thing in common,
and that is that we have nothing in common with the human race, the conspiracy of the normal.
I did not. I did not.
If we have to fight and make them die, and we'll all come back over men, we'll all come back over men,
we'll all come back over men, or nobody will. Why?
Let's see, we've got another kid.
Praise Bob.
Girl, me, Bob.
I want to buy from Bob. I want to buy and ask the Holy War fulfilled. The pink boys and the normals.
If we have to, if we have to, we can make them buy, and we'll all come back home, and we'll all come out over men.
If we don't come out over men, there ain't no...
I'll be back, Bob.
...all Bob's gizms. They will fall.
We'll leave our lace of blades, and we'll all come back home, and we'll all come back over men.
We'll all come back home, and then you'll victory for us.
Amazing. So now, you lured the victims to your apartment.
What did they say?
All the decomposition.
A few days in the statement room.
I swear that I think I let fear be the preposterous part of today's dream.
Ok, in the meantime, we may end up in prison to have the truth failed, because they pressed some sentences against us, displayed some provocatives, and elected us to sauce T-shirts in horsesh lanterns.
Like�
Let's see, did you cooked properly?
Damn right, I did.
Nice.
Right, what about flying, then?

stew out of human body parts. What happened to the evidence?
I ate it up and spit it out.
What did your neighbors in the building say to you?
Can't you smell that smell?
What did you say when the police finally came to your apartment?
I think I'm in trouble.
What did the cops say?
You stupid dick.
Well Jeffrey, it looks like... Hey, why are you staring at my crotch?
Sometimes you feel like a nut. Sometimes you don't.
Oh no you don't. Well, that's the Jeffrey Dahmer story.
And this is your reporter, Billy West, speaking.
In 1799, the Directory overturned and caused quite a mess on the floor as Bonaparte was the first...
Fat.
Fat? Not at that age. He was little, but energetic.
Big in your look. Fat.
He only grew fat in his elder years. At the battle of Waterloo, when the bloated Emperor desperately needed to find a toilet, but, puffed by fluids, was unable to concentrate and lost to the Duke of Wellington, the derisive name Waterloo has since been applied to many in English public obedience.
It's so quaint the way they introduce these teams on the show. Okay, go ahead, caller, what do you think?
Quick question.
Yeah, yeah. Quick question.
Question for puzzling evidence.
How do you record off-radio with your VCR?
You just plug in the female.
In?
Uh-huh.
Okay, you got the female. And you plug that into the...
There we go.
So good.
Hal's doing it with you now.
Does that really work?
Sure.
Oh, cool.
And you use your timer to record whatever you want. Now, do you have a Hi-Fi stereo or a regular VCR?
All right. Well, thank you.
No, no, wait a minute. That's a question.
You know, we fought the VCRs in Vietnam.
The battle's just beginning. Hold on, fellas. Here they come. We're fighting for America. It's got to be done.
Say your prayers, you sick bastard.
They construct walls. They become unlike into a juggernaut.
They're an impeachable religious force, a frenzy of neo-techno-border.
Wasn't it?
Yeah, I was laughing so hard.
I thought you were laughing.
We haven't checked the radio.
Irredeemable onslaught of youth wars in the past.
Good robe, friend.
Now, first, can we explain it?
How can we explain it, dear friends?
Well, we can.
Tell you what.
I'll tell you what you've been listening to tonight so far on the show.
That was a little bit of...
You just heard Pope Sternodocs, the Pope of Arkansas,
with yours truly many, many millions of years ago in the ancient days of forgotten lore.
And before that, of course, Dr. Howell and puzzling evidence,
tormenting callers to their subgenius-type show in Berkeley on KPFA.
Before that, you heard Cates and West doing the Jeffrey Dahmer story.
That's Bill Cates and Billy West.
And we've been playing songs tonight from that good old gospel album,
the very first Bob Songs album, Bob Songs number one.
It was, I Wanna Die For You.
Bob Songs number one.
That's such a touching song.
And by someone we only know by the name of Doug Three.
He sent us a tape of those songs about 12 years ago and then disappeared.
Maybe he's dead now.
Some choice clips from Flight, F-I-N-A-L.
And you'll be on that flight with all the rest of us someday, friend.
Friend.
Reverend Random Chance.
Reading from some very strange book about Mr. B.B. and the, well, I don't know,
Glass Madness singing Hello Bob.
And the long rant about God there from Revelation X, the Bob Apocryphon,
chapter 13, the God chapter.
Just a tiny chunk out of that.
Have I done that one already on this show?
I can't, every time I start reading from that book, I think, oh, no,
I already did this rant on this show.
I think I was in the air last week.
It may be because I have to read the whole book every week or something.
Okay.
And a Chainer Hyperclean from Southland Corporation is saying your prayers,
you sick bastard.
On to the next question.
Satan, we must educate the masses.
That's.
Let's go for it.
Oh, God.
He's coming.
He's coming.
Oh, God.



We must educate the masses.
That's Satan is everywhere.
We are keeping the portal between the worlds closed, but it's a tremendous effort.
Keep the door closed.
Oh, if we fail, the Earth will be invaded by.
We need the help of Rhesus.
Son of .
We must be strong, my brother, and have the most powerful machine in the world.








It's too late. They're breaking through.
Wow, you know, it's not so bad now that it's broken through, you know.
The World Airlines flight FINAL, non-stop supersonic service to the New Jerusalem,
is now ready for boarding at the Gate of Beth.
Passengers holding confirmed reservations for this flight may proceed immediately to this gate through the blood-sprinkled concourse.
Because the exact time of departure is uncertain, you are urged to remain ready at any moment. Thank you.
The crowd seems to be milling about, most everyone talking, some praying, some laughing,
with only a few people acting as if they were paying any attention to the announcement.
They're making ready to leave on this flight.
Who are these that were listening to the dispatcher and responding to the announcement?
Well, with close observation, we notice that each one of them has a ticket in his hand.
Sir, can I see your ticket for just a moment, so that I can tell our audience about it? Thank you.
It says, issued from Mount Calvary by the Chief Agent, the Holy Spirit.
And it has been officially stamped with the blood of Jesus Christ.
Here you are, sir. Thanks again. God bless you.
I notice too that each of the ticket holders is carrying his own baggage.
I'm told each one is furnished with the baggage of grace and godliness.
No sad faces seem to be here to enter the gate of death.
Everybody is beaming.
One of the passengers seems to be singing.
Let's walk along with the portable microphone and see if we can pick up just a little of his song of praise.
Oh, the world looks better since Bob is my blindfold.
The world looks good to me.
Oh, the world looks better since Bob is my blindfold.
The world looks okay to me.
Oh, the world looks to you like some kind of big mess.
Put a Bob blindfold on.
The world looks to me like a nice place to be, cause I got my Bob blindfold on.
Our friends live together at the Hall of Justice, a home for the mentally handicapped.
It is there that they while away most of their hours watching television shows or playing games.
Dinner is usually the highlight of the day.
The long line of retarded people moves slowly into the dining room.
Robert, Benjamin, Jonathan and Sally sit together at every meal.
Tonight is hamburger night.
Robert loves hamburgers more than anything in the world.
To the other retards this is just another meal.
But to Robert, it is a spiritual experience.
Hey, hamburger time.
Here I come, Mr. Hamburger.
Hey, you make me feel so good.
You my favorite food.
Hey, hamburger.
Benjamin hits his head on the table and laughs hysterically.
Bam bam.
Bam bam.
I hungry, hungry, hungry.
Food no.
Uh uh uh uh uh uh hungry food.
Shouts Benjamin.
Jonathan picks a large booger out of his nose.
He turns to Sally and wipes it on her shirt.
Sally stares into oblivion.
What we eat?
Asks Jonathan.
Hey, hamburger.
Hamburger, hamburger on.
No, I think what we need to do at that point, that just, I had this song queued up and I didn't know when I was going to play it.
Now I know when to play it.
This is a pick a booger.
Yes, it is.
And it's played with a pick a booger beat by the swinging love corpses.
Cut it out.
If I Mad Libes pap-a-doodle pro.
Tell the lady to stop abruptly, she invited her CAD to dance to a neutron, crown-munрафiqued

One way or the other, it's a mixture of either wife or dog or brother.
Robbing in your car and you're looking at your neighbor.
Finding nuggets from his house is like a saber in the paper.
He's pulling, he's tugging, he's yanking on this thing.
It's a long, strabist thing still connected to the brain.
Pick a booger, pick a booger.
Pick a booger, pick a booger.
Pick a booger, pick a booger.
Pick a booger, booger, it's a new day today.
Hopping out of the movie, up deep inside his sinus.
He's a slave to the master of his royal sinus.
The kids all want a half-paisley infestation.
Cause a pick a booger, booger is the new sensation.
Pick a booger, pick a booger.
Pick a booger, pick a booger.
Pick a booger, pick a booger.
Pick a booger, pick a booger.
Pick a booger, pick a booger.
binnen will dig in your chest.
Pick a booger, pick a booger.
Pick a booger, pick a booger.
Jack have you some of that 7-S conveyor don't you?
Dirty Naval Service Mayor Br esto estoy a sacrificio.
what's right up your nose.
And that's
the Swingin' Love Corpses
doing Pick a Booger, which I know
is just about to end right here.
And do you know what led into that
was a little
bit of a piece
from TV Tards
by Abe
Lincoln and the
Swingin' Stinkins.
New tape we just
got in the mail.
And where are we
now? I suppose we're
back with, uh, possibly
here.
Best food in the world.
Hamburger's Bure.
You actually
understand yon bird's
name?
This is how the station speaks to itself
inside its own brain.
It's a gift of the
gods.
But I think
my voice does sound strange in my
own ear.
Okay, now the little caller's stuck inside a
basket. And I feel
circumscribed somehow or
imperfectly coming through.
My voice, the signal, it's being
jammed.
Must break through.
Must broadcast before it's
too late.
Eyes,
eyelids getting heavy.
Sleepy. Must stay conscious.
Must
reach console.
Got to keep going.
Must reach oxygen switch.
Heart pounding.
Short of breath. Can't take it.
Falling here.
Embarrassing body sounds.
Dimples.

Ah.
It's, it's, it's, it's.
Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered
in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think.
What about Slack?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without
your being aware of it.
Oh, Bob and that blues.
One of these sounds is not like the others.
Oh, they're not washing.
One of these sounds does.
It's just singing.
Some of these sounds.
Which sound is not like the others.
Trying to be made by.
That's not like that one sound.
Oh.
Oh.
What about Slack?
How do you understand Lyme block.

You know some of the tearcritical young.
Manły old folks ordered Sloka,
a work by Tim Stubbs.
Deep換else.
It's addictive.

You've got to keep on instrument.
Should be a forever Ub acuerdo za곡...



Or ear therefore, ah?
the pork barrel, we'll make a barrel of mun. Roll out the pork barrel, we got the taxpayers on the run. Roll out the pork barrel, bring our interest for cheer. That's why all the crooks are in Washington, cause the money's all here.
Roll out the pork barrel, my state's an atomic collider. Roll out the pork barrel, make my state highways whiter.
Roll out the pork barrel.
Roll out the pork barrel.
Go out free.
There's no limit to what we can spend.
That's why your government's so abroad.
Because we gave the money to our friends.
Let's go!
Let's go, friends!
Woo!
Fuck you, your government!
In a little cabaret in a South Texas border
Down to the border
Woo! Woo! Woo!
Woo! Woo!
Oh, boy.
Brain Rock Radio Theater, most aptly named.
Bunch of I just don't know what.
Out from WCSB in Cleveland.
Yes, only dangerous Dan DiDonato could ever come up with such a truly bad,
truly intensely bad song.
And speaking of that,
speaking of bad songs,
I'm going to finally get back to this edit of the band that dare not speak its name,
which is, of course, Puzzling Evidence, Gary Gbrogfran and Lies,
in this case with Dr. Howell,
and Negative Land.
This is the subgenius band that dare not speak its name with Negative Land,
not all of Negative Land, I think Don Joyce and maybe one of the other ones,
but certainly their tapes.
And I think that, man, this one like makes rock history.
I think, I believe that first we'll hear West Coast Head,
that wonderful ode to the giant fake bleeding head of Arnold Palmer built on the West Coast
and lost in the Grand Canyon.
Honest.
And then finally, the cover version of Doctors for Woe Take Me.
This is Harry Gbrogfran doing Louie Louie.
Will we broadcast that or do we have to play it again?
Let's play it again?
Guys, let's play it again.
Let's play it right.
No, that won't be necessary.
That was just fine.
Because in the end, we all know what we've done.
We're talking to our agent in a foreign country.
Well, I wouldn't deny that what these musicians say
may have a little bit of the flavor and odor of truth.
But for the most part, it's the usual crunk of horse buggy.
And you can take it from me, Ralph Fielding Snell, radio commentator.
Let's go back and hear what the lively lads, the three trash heads are,
cooking up in their radio kitchens.
Remember, the big ultra-groovy contest is brought to you by
PC Shopping Guide for Christmas.
The annual guide for youngsters of 6 to 60,
or even a greater or younger age,
to buy the latest in high-fashion, ultra-expensive accessories,
which are good for the earth.
Full of doves and wood pigeons.
Now we rejoin the mopheads at their exclusive recording studio.
They're in the middle of a session.
Let's listen.
You have to ask me when.
It is the best.
It's that dirty old thing that we brought in from the west.
It's a west coast head.
Just listen to the ear sounder in the third movie,
where the arpeggio is well.
It's the best thing that you've seen anywhere.
It's the life of both the woodwinds.
It smells like it's got a bunch of hair.
It's the west coast head.
And it's the best.
It's got a nasty little brow.
It's got two giant eyes.
Yes, that is the brow, ladies and gentlemen.
Nasty brow.
They call him nasty brow.
The idol of all the teen fan-mags.
Rumored to be a U.S. Army intelligence officer.
Or a Oakland police officer in his carriage.
We may take the ability to talk for granted, but...
And why shouldn't you?
Jane Orr of the Jane Orrians is cursed with the ability to do nothing else.
You talk every day of your life and you don't think much about it.
He will enable you overnight to relieve constant and even agonizing pain.
He's great. Yum, yum. Words.
But did you realize that millions of people suffer from voice problems?
Well, I try not to think about it.
These millions can't take talking for granted.
Come on.
And they shouldn't.
Do it.
For them, to talk is a struggle.
You know, I know what they mean.
But let's get right down to brass tacks.
Somewhat uncomfortable, actually.
Well, when?
You have a voice like...
Okay, there we go.
Because I believe in the subgenial program of musical mind expansion.
You're a religious fitness show in the name of yourself.
I feel smarter already.
I've been waiting.
I've been waiting that week.
I've been really careless because I'm a servant priest.
I've had a lot of audio.
Don't want to end up prompting.
Look out, dudes, because here comes Chubby.
Chubby.
Chubby.
Chubby.
Chubby.
Chubby.
Chubby.
Chubby.

Chubby.


Exquisitely bad.
Truly exquisitely bad.
Chubby.
Again, the musicologist can only stand in awe of these compositions,
which seem to take the entire science of musical expression
to a new Olympian empirean height.
What happened to them?
I'm sure you all recognize this beloved melody.
As the ever popular oldie but moldy goldie classic, I'll slap your chops shut, baby,
with a stilts and a wrench.
But did you know that the same haunting tune was also splatted over Rich's eczema cantata
number 12, opus 99 in C major?
Now you and your entire family, including kids from six to 60, can enjoy this and other
classic masterpieces of the world's longest playing music in your own home, whenever you
want.
Expose yourself.
Expose your youngsters to the impotent world of symphonic overkill, at any time and at
your own convenience.
Have another cup of terrible coffee.
And sit and listen to our jokes and songs.
We just opened up a new box of donuts from Caffè Neutrino in case anybody's hungry.
The coffee canto of Giovanni Robertini d'Avzina.
You only spend about as much as you would for a really good set of luggage or a year
of education.
But you can't get enough of the music.








You can't get enough of the music.
You can't get enough of the music.
You can't get enough of the music.
The most important thing about music is that it's about to be produced.
Ti-ti-ti-ta.
Ti-ti-ta.

Ti-ti-ta.


Ti-ti-ta.
Ti-ti-ta.
Ti-ti-ta.
Ti-ti-ta.
Ti-ti-ta.
to the Duke of Welland.
He lived in dire poverty and suffered from yawns,
jaundice, syphilis, gout, rotten teeth,
embarrassing body sounds,
and an unknown debilitating disease,
which caused bits of blindness, deafness, and madness.
The obsidious bothered 49 children by his second wife,
Connie Maria Anna Houdry-Torkel.
To support his large family,
he wrote 467 symphonies, 96 concerts,
67 concertos, 48 known motets,
19 operas, and two concerts in New York.
Pretty little song.
This is his most inspired work.
Nice little song.
Separated the fluff from the facts for you
the last couple days?
Oh, a fact is just coming in, gentlemen.
Told you what is truth versus what is not?
You mean what is lies?
I wanna get you out of here.
We have to go back pretty far
to get to the beginning of this musical group's
phenomenal success.
They said, Bob, we back in what we're doing.
Told ya.
Put on down, man.
All right, you pluridellic cats and chicks.
Time to spin some new rockin' platters.
This was their first novelty record,
which the lads reproduced and released in 1986,
Grotti the Tubo.
Turned all their heads.
Critics at the time pointed out
that no actual tuba music was used.
And now, it was.
We felt no fear.
We can all sing along.
Perfect.
Stand there by your radios and sing along.
Okay, here it comes, friends.
This is a song about a girl
who's not really a girl.
20 years ago, she started in Minnesota.
Released part goat.
An undetermined amount part goat.
But she's very pretty and petite and well-mannered
for someone who's part goat.
20cc sodium pentothal here.
All right, thanks.
Here we go.
We are now administering sodium pentothal.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
Here is how you say so quick, so fast.
Oh, Louie Louie.
So quick.

So quick.
Are you a girl?
Yes.
So quick.
So quick.
Are you a goat woman?
So quick.
So quick.
Oh, Louie, Louie.
Are you a girl?
Or are you a goat?
Personal computers.
Louie, Louie, at the safe fair.
Louie, Louie, all covered with hair.
Louie, Louie, at a quarter of a stair.
They've got her in a tent over there.
Oh, Louie, Louie.
Are you a girl?
Or are you a goat woman?
Communication work, satellites.
Yeah, I can remember the first time I saw you, Louie, Louie.
I was in the state fair there, watching the livestock exhibition.
And I couldn't believe it.
How beautiful you were, Louie, Louie.
And I had to crawl over the man with no arms and no legs just to get to you.
But then I knew you had to be all mine, Louie, Louie.
Velcro.
So I took you on home with me and I let you have the run of my entire yard.
Touch tone telephone.
I'll let you eat things right out of the refrigerator and the garbage can.
Bye-bye.
Analyzing your surgery.
And when I saw those little round pellets all around my toilet.
Apollo, do this for me.
I knew that you were something special.
And I've got to play a little bit of guitar, Louie, Louie, just to show you how much I
care.
Organ transplant surgery.
Fiber optic transmission systems.
This is my grandmother.














Disposable diapers.
Disc operating system.
Magnetic resonance imaging.
Louie Louie!
Are you a girl?
Tie-dye.
Or are you a goat, woman?
Microsurgery techniques.
Are you a girl?
Camcorder.
Who do you want to see this summer at the state fair?
Space shuttle.
Well, dear friends, have you ever, ever heard a version of Louie Louie to...
...that comes out of the mouth?

I guess you could possibly match the band that dare not speak its name, and now you know why.
The band that dare not speak its name.
And yet, you know that may sound terrible to you, but because they were with negative land, that puts it into the realm of high art.
Strange how those things happen, isn't it?
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
What's that?
That's Duane, what are you crazy?
BeeBee broke in.
in. Say, uh, uh, Ram. I opened. Yes. B.B. flickered. I take it back. You're not really a dumb girl.
I rolled. Thanks. I needed that. B.B. blanked. You did? That's a joke. Human fun. He turned inward,
then went on opening. How did you get a percept and start running this leaving your body game?
B.B. asks Monroe. I flickered. I don't know. It just happened. This is a strange but true story
which proves that history does repeat itself. You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry
Hour of Slack. For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to, got your pencil ready? Bob, Post Office Box 140306,
Dallas, Texas 75214. That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214. Stay tuned and praise Bob.
Oh!
The Subgenius Radio Program is a fully accredited tentacle of the Church of the Subgenius and has received a dispensation to use subgenius jokes and likenesses.
But there is...
We need your help.
Ecstatic experiences.
For those left behind, the parting is a sorrowful one. After all, for some, this is the last time they will ever see their loved ones.
But for others, those already making preparations, this is only temporary, and their departure...
...time is not too far away.
And now, if you listen, you can hear a comforting song of farewell from the passengers.
Come on everybody, stick your finger in your nose.
Take a bugger out and wipe it on your nose.
Don't know how you feel, one way or another.
You need to make sure you're happy, and wipe it on your brother.
Grab it in your car and you're looking at the lights.
My bucket's full of stars, but I can savor it today.
It's pulling, it's tugging, you're shaking on this thing.
It's a long time of screams, but you make me do the brain.
And I'm not afraid to say, I'm not afraid to say.
Pick a bugger, pick a bugger.
Pick a bugger, pick a bugger.
Everybody do it, pick a bugger.
Pick a bugger, pick a bugger.
Thank you, thank you.

And do you know what happened?
Again.
And do you know what happened?
Again, that big, bad, ferocious...
World of the future!
Probably.
And only two religions, guns.
I would listen to television and watch it.
And Cinderella lived...
Happily ever after?
Yes.
How did you know?
Because good little girls like Cinderella always live happily ever after.
Oh, saved my life.
Yes, sir, dear friend.
I'm happier than the morning sun.
That's the way it'll always be.
Ever since the day you came inside of me.
Oh my!
Oh my!
Oh my!
Oh my!




















