This is Phil Proctor and David Osman of the Firesign Theatre, and we're enjoying listening to the Hour of Slack.
I'm slacking off myself.
It's all my fault.
It's all my fault that
X-Day sucks.
It's all my fault that
It's my fault that Reverend
Funny name, can't stalk, Reverend Hot Ass.
It's my fault that Reverend Mooch actually had to work his slack barter shift.
It's my fault there are not 17 film festivals all playing machete at the same time.
It's my fault that
It's my fault that

the best band ever didn't play.
It's my fault that everything cool that's ever happened has been banned.
It's my fault that no one showed up to X-Day, not even you.
You see, it's because I'm always on the rag.
In fact, I never stop bleeding.
And I'm always a bitch because I'm always on the rag,
because I'm always on the rag because I'm a bitch,
because I never stop bleeding because I'm always on the rag.
And it's always my fault.
I pulled my bloody woolly vag over Stang's eyes.
I have brainwashed all of you with my bleeding vagina.
Everyone.
I brainwashed we, I brainwashed Nikki, Susie, Stang, Philo.
I brainwashed all of them.
Because I guess they're just...
stupid people who are easily brainwashed.
Right?
They just never noticed that I was brainwashing them.
And it's my fault because I brainwashed everyone.
You guys are completely miserable and this is the worst X-Day ever.
And it's all my fault.
I'm a master manipulator.
You don't believe me?
How the hell did I get all of you guys to volunteer?
Because I brainwashed you with my vagina, duh.
But...
But...
But hold on just one second.
No, wait, wait.
Hold on one second because I want to think about this.
Is it possible that this lone vagina, this lone crazy bitch,
could have masterminded such utter changes in the Church of the Subgenius?
Could I be that powerful?
Oh, hell no, you fucking idiots.
Do you really think a bimbo like me could pull off this shit?
I'm just some dumb twat with tits.
Do you think I could actually change the dynamic of this group to remove the dead weight
that has been dragging us down all this time?
Hell no.
You know, I ain't that pretty, I ain't that smart, and I ain't that evil.
But I know someone who is.
There is one person, one man, who is that smart, that pretty,
that evil, who could pull this off.
Yes, my friends, the evil mastermind is none other than the smartest subgenius,
Dr. Legume.
Because you see, boys and girls, Legume brainwashed me into brainwashing you.
He pulled his...
woolly nutsack over my eyes.
Hell, he pulled his woolly nutsack over all of our eyes.
So, seekers, if this is the worst X Day ever, blame Legume.
If your time sucked, it is Legume's fault.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
But...
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
But...
But...

My heart!
But...
If it rocked, that's Legume's fault too.
And in fact, if this is the best X Day ever, if you've had a kick-ass time, I think you
owe Legume a blowjob.
And if you can't do that, you at least should give him flowers.
With your asses, the vase.
And without further ado...
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.


This X Day sucks.
This is the absolute worst fucking X Day in the history of fucking X Days.
And yes, it's all my fault.
Oh, brothers and sisters, there are times when the butt hurt got deep, and it was...
and it was all I could do to keep Pisces afloat in it.
I wasn't even going to get my feet wet.
But yes, it was an effort.
I had to brainwash Pisces into doing all this.
Because I'm lazy and I don't want to have to go to each and every one of you
and give you a personal fucking brainwashing.
There just aren't enough hours in the fucking day for that.
Because some of these people are just fucking nuts.
Yeah, let me tell you, brothers and sisters,
how many people do you know who are totally fucking nuts?
It's real easy to slip into the realm of nutdom.
It's very easy to slip into that realm of nutdom, brothers and sisters.
You see, we live...
We live in a prison of lies.
Mad apes crammed into boxes with our civilization dangling precariously
from a spider strand of lies.
Our collective belief systems programmed with imaginary monsters
and magic bird men to keep us from going ape shit crazy.
Let us examine that turn of phrase, ape shit crazy.
It's interesting that when that spider strand of lies,
snaps inside a person's head,
that person goes ape shit crazy,
and it's implied that he's gone insane.
But I put forth this proposition, brothers and sisters.
An ape who has suddenly had his lies taken from him
goes ape shit sane.
He may appear insane to you,
and probably to himself.
Or,
there's also this thing called,
the other swing,
where everybody else is crazy but them.
And they may appear, like I said,
because many of you are still dangling from the thread of lies.
And so it seems like it's much more of a tragic butt hurt.
You learn that there's no magic space daddy.
That those...
He learns that those he loves will either rape him in the ass or die.
He sees himself for the first time as a fragile, rotting ape,
whose every accomplishment will turn to dust and be forgotten.
As will he himself.
Money, borders, property, gods, magic, all of our convenient fictions fall
before the great thread breaking scythe of big daddy death.
One day, we will all go ape shit.
In his presence.
Nobody's biography ever has a happy ending.
But what now, you may ask.
Somebody ask, what now?
What now, you have asked, as you may,
because that's what it says in my notes here.
What now, you may ask.
You see that?
I knew this shit was going to happen long before it did.
If I think too much about these lies now,
I may go prematurely ape shit.
Well, my friends, that's why I'm here tonight.
I'm not here to offer you another strand of lies.
No, sir, ma'am.
I'm here to offer you a hefty rope of lies.
New and better lies.
21st century lies.
Oozing with hot sex and armies of killer robots from outer space.
Designed to ensure you don't go prematurely ape shit sane.
I know that most of you,
are oppressed under the yoke of conspiracy slave masters.
And every day you dream and wish,
you could just scream, fuck you, and start killing them.
As well as all of the other pinks
who hang their steaming buckets of shit on your yoke.
I know that day after day that dream haunts you all
as the yoke gets heavier and heavier.
I know you cry out to the heavens,
will I ever,
have the slack I so crave?
Does the wolf man have a pointy red dick?
Fuck yes he does,
as you'll see when the saucers arrive to take us to planet X.
In the book of the subgenius it is written,
the stupider it looks,
the more important it probably is.
Look around you, brothers and sisters.
What could be stupider,
than a pack of socialists,
and a bunch of stupidly retarded subgeniuses,
listening to a tattooed fat man,
screaming that flying saucers,
are going to carry away a secret tribe of sasquatches,
to an outer space paradise.
In the book of the subgenius it is written,
Bob makes a million dollars,
every time he fucks up.
I don't see any millionaires here,



the fact that he hasn't made a million dollars,
off the church of the subgenius,
just proves he didn't fuck up.
The end is nigh my yeti kin.
On planet X,
there are sex gods and goddesses,
triple rainbow shitting unicorns,
and big dick leprechauns,
friendly rape bears with cotton candy chlamydia,
chocolate dinosaurs,
mermaids and mermen,
made of lice,
living cocaine,
wolf men with pointy red dicks,
and you can fuck them all,
or kill them for fun.
Just wait,
just wait until you lay your bugging eyes,
on the valley of awesome titties.
You'll shit a perfectly round turd,
when you see your personal yacht,
floating in biscuits and gravy lake.
You'll cum a gallon,
on the faces of the suck midgets.
But first,
vengeance is yours.
With every breath,
we shall hunt down our pink enemies.
Each day we will spill their blood,
till it rains down from the skies.
The excess ships are not just pleasure saucers,
and escape vessels,
they're also an armada of attack ships,
loaded with the most horrible,
and lethal array of weapons imaginable.
Ion cannons,
killer wasp drones,
with chainsaw limbs and AIDS darts.
Giant flying robot bears,
with napalm diarrhea,
and electrified rape batons.
Flesh eating missiles,
bad luck bombs.
You'll bust a gut laughing,
as the Westboro Baptist Church,
gets crop dusted with queer gas.
Yes, all this and more awaits us,
when Bob's promise rings true,
and when it does,
the very sky will crack open,
and all will nail and gnash their teeth,
because they know the time is coming,
and they will look to the skies,
and they will see the face of dobs looking back,
and on that day,
they will reap it.
Well, I saw you running along the road in the hot sun today.
That takes stamina.
Well, I wanted to make sure that I could get first in line
on the saucer's line on July 5th.
It's not going to be a Darwinian struggle
of people clawing their way on board,
like on a city bus in San Francisco.
We will file on in orderly,
harmonious fashion,
singing hymns,
or at least that's what the manual says.
Well, but then there's the other side.
It's like...
You thought they'll suddenly put up the ramps
and leave somebody behind?
No, no.
Ten minutes after 7 a.m.,
we'll each of us have these huge battle planet-sized saucers,
and, uh,
equipped with whatever we want to be equipped with,
and we'll be flying around the Earth,
either torturing our old bosses and schoolteachers,
or, in some cases,
collecting collectibles.
I have announced many times
I have dibs on the Grand Canyon,
the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam,
the Museum of Natural History.
I think you've got the Smithsonian
and the plastic dinosaur museum.
I've got the Smithsonian.
I've got the Smithsonian,
but the plastic dinosaur warehouse is no longer any good.
They got bought up by somebody.
They don't even have the latest dinosaurs in it anymore.
It's very sad.
Anyway, friends,
what I'm getting to is,
the reason I mention these things that I have dibs on,
I don't want to end up getting into a fight
with Dr. Legume over who gets Las Vegas.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, there's enough room to beam up
literally anything you want,
I suppose you could beam up the whole Earth,
but then all the other subgeniuses would gang up on you.
That's too greedy.
I mean, it's not going to change our essential nature.
Beaming up the whole Earth could be done,
but it's greedy.
It's like using the last of your three wishes
to wish for three more wishes.
You may think you're being clever,
but you're just going to get yourself in deeper.
There's plenty for you to take from the planet,
and it's all for the taking.
But let's show some proportion.
The only contraband is that...
Anyone who was planning to stick around for Starwood,
I've already taken care of that.
I will, Princess Wee and I,
will beam all of Wisteria and its staff,
whether saved or unsaved,
and all the pagans who paid to go to Starwood,
onto my planet.
They'll feel...
Well, we'll need waiters and busboys and...
...just disabled, so get what they paid for.
Those who are subgeniuses
will continue to live on after Starwood.
Starwood is over.
And those who still refuse to buy that $30 membership pack
will simply be ejected into space
or put back in the crater that this place once was.
We also will be lifting up the land of Brushwood,
but not the staff.
Yes.
And so they will be left in the crater
with the robo-beasts
and the seven-dicked bears that...
So, for speaking of...
The man-bear-pig.
Man-bear-pigs and herding butts,
what would a doctor like you normally...
He might be taking a siesta,
which is a very civilized institution that we recommend.
The Mexicans have it right.
There's nothing better than taking a nap at midday
for tip-top good health and all-around awareness.
Not just Mexico.
Most people in Mexico...
And the better countries in Europe.
In Europe, yeah.
Everywhere but here,
where they want you to bustle around
and break your back in hot heat, you know,
for the conspiracy.
I remember a day right here in the United States.
Now, this may seem like science fiction to many of you,
but there was a time when it was normal
to smoke cigarettes at work,
go out at lunch and have two or three beers
and come back to work and smoke and cuss.
And it was expensive.
And tell sexist jokes
and hang up Playboy calendars or whatnot in your office
without fear of being sued for sexual harassment.
And chew and spit and scratch
with nobody telling you otherwise.
Yeah.
Now, somehow or another,
this 1984-type cross between 1984 and Brave New World
that's come to pass seems normal to us.
I remember reading a science fiction book
called Stand on Zanzibar, written in the late 60s,
that I thought at the time, it's like,
this is pretty realistic,
but I don't think I could live in a world like this.
It was about mass overpopulation.
Yeah. Well, it's today's headlines.
It's not even science fiction anymore.
You see, people used to be down...
It's like that movie Idiocracy.
That was... It's already outdated.
All My Balls is the hit show.
And in fact, if anything,
Mike Judge, who wrote that,
that was disgustingly optimistic.
And that's our greatest fear.
It's that in our immense subgenius pessimism,
we're actually still being idiotically optimistic.
Well, I don't understand anything you say in Reverend Stang.
It just sounds like a bunch of faggy talk, eh?
Are you sure? You ain't faggots, are you?
Yeah.
You're funny.
Dr. Howell has not seen Idiocracy.
No, I look forward to it.
He has lived it without...
Oh, he's still alive, but...
Well, I did read the book you mentioned,
Stand on Zanzibar, by John Brunner,
and the other book you wrote about
horrible ecological catastrophe and pollution,
which is called The Sheep Look Up.
Right.
And, you know, it's important to read these books,
but the authorities, particularly conspiracy academic authorities,
will say, oh, this stuff is trash, this isn't real literature.
It's escape literature,
as if it's a good thing to escape before it's time
into ecological catastrophe, overpopulation,
into everything that people would rather escape from.
Rather than escape, it's a matter of being mentally fit
and preparing yourself for these terrifying eventualities
when they do come true, as they will, and are doing right now.
There really are monsters out there.
Quite a few.
They look just like you and me.
Diabolos incarnatus est.
Some of the most vicious ones are handsome, handsome fellows.
Oh, you've got to watch out for them the most, those pretty boys.
Ted Bundy, the serial killer, is a charmer.
Yeah, cholerads come to life.
And who is the most smoothly cosmetic...
...conster out there?
I guess it's a certain Mr. J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He's our monster.
Our holy monster.
He can kill more pinks than any of them other monster hunters can.
This is not a figure of speech.
Dobbs is a monster.
We are monster fans, and Dobbs is our best monster.
Our greatest monster.
And yet they would want to put him in prison if they can get their hands on him.
This is why J.R. is so elusive.
The conspiracy's been trying to track him down for years.
Well, that's that problem with the IRS, all that legal crap.
I don't go into it.
I'll go into it myself.
But yeah, they'd love to talk to Dobbs.
They'd love to get him out.
Well, that's why we have that clever robot there.
Yeah, there he is.
Right there.
Yeah, there.
If you want to catch...
See, don't bother hunting down J.R. Bob Dobbs.
There he is.
He's already dead.
We killed him.
Right.
Yep.
Nothing to worry about.
Nothing to see here.
Move along.
The real Bob would be here today if he could.
But we know that somewhere out there amongst even you, the faithful, there is at least
one conspiracy dupe.
We'll know who that individual is when the saucers arrive.
It's like the fastest guy in the world.

There's a master gunfighter in town.
There's some twerp who's going to have to try him and see if he can gun him down.
And that guy may be so maladroit, so clumsy and stupid that the finely trained reflexes
of the master gunfighter are helpless against this boob.
And that's how you lose your Wild Bill Hickok and Jesse James.
Yeah, I was going to say Wild Bill Hickok was the perfect example.
An amateur is the one who's going to get you, not the highly trained professional you go
up against.
It's not Michael Alcindor or Doc Martian or Bob Dean that I'm worried about.
It's the ones who never, we never hear from.
Not the ones who leave 40 messages on my answer machine in a row in 10 minutes.
It's the ones that we don't know.
The ones that never said a word.
That one Bobby who walked in.
That's why I'm wearing this bulletproof shirt.
The Judas of the Church of the Subgenius.
The Judas of the Subgenius.
The Judas of the Church of the Subgenius.
The Judas of the Church of the Subgenius.



That's why sometimes the person we have to worry about the most is not the conspiracy,
but the Bobby who punches J.R. Bob Dobb in the abdomen just before his last Halloween
performance.
It could be, you know, you have to be vigilant.
And eternal vigilance is the price of slack.
What?
I thought it was the other way around.
What?
That would be...
Slack was what saved you from having to have eternal vigilance.
Yeah, but you have to get it first by being eternally vigilant.
In which case, eternal vigilance is your slack.
That's the yin to the yang.
Speaking of which, here comes my fellow emergentile, Pisces.
There aren't many of us, and you, the you Rewardians, should be lucky that we only take one out of ten of you.
Well, whether you be Rewardian or an Ivan Jellicoe, we have more...
Emergentile.
Or an emergentile.
We have more in common than we do in opposition.
It's pointless to be, you know...
Right.
I mean, the evangelicals and the holocaustals may argue on certain points whether the humans
should all be killed completely or kept alive as slaves, or how they're treated as slaves.
I mean, it's up to you.
If you want to...
Just don't kill my slaves, okay?
Holocaustals...
Kill your own slaves.
We'll have neutral slaves.

And free states and free states.
An Ivan Jellicoe is just as capable of killing mass millions as a holocaustal.
It's just that he'd rather use them as sex toys.
Speaking of slaves and sex toys and everything else, I notice there's about a lot of people here
who may not have a certain green wristband on.
Oh, yes.
For the record, that will be closing in 30 minutes.
Registration will be closing soon, and you don't want to end up being locked in those...
Those sweat lodges we call porter clean.
Right.
Or even worse, the...
They all say porter clean on those sweat lodges, and we can lock you in there.
There are penalties too terrible.
If you do not have a green wristband on your arm, then you should probably speak to Reverend
Scum and Reverend Felix Automaton over there, who is holding up the sign.
Also, while you're over there getting your wristband, you may want to say something.
I'm going to sit down and say hello to Reverend Organbeard and peruse the fine wares available.
That's right.
At the swag table.
At the swag table.
Friends, even if you're planning to spend all your money on beer and prostitutes this
weekend, at least take a good look at that stuff, because it's all available online.
And at least get your greed gland going.
Look at it and go, I'm going to spend my money on beer instead.
But someday, when I'm rich, I can...
You could always go to subgenius.com and buy that cool t-shirt.
Yeah, if you're troubled with conspiracy impulses that I ought to be buying something,
well, we've got stuff.
You can get rid of that by buying things here.
We don't sell that stuff for the Subgenius Corporation.
We sell that for you, because we're actually trying to liberate that money from what you
might have otherwise spent it on.
It may have been the drugs that gave you the bad trip.
It may have been the food that gave you the heart attack.
It may have been the prostitute that gave you the crabs.
You don't know, but what you do know is if you don't first spend it on Bob, you're going
to spend it on something you regret.
I know I'm among friends here, and so I'll be a little bit confessional.
I've been spending all my time reading books and writing things with ink on paper and drawing,
but every now and then I get a disturbing feeling, like when I was on the road and I
went into this convenience store, and there were blister packs all over the store with
little devices in them.
I had no idea what any of them were for.
They're components that add into something else, but what are they?
I have to confess, this has completely passed me by.
And furthermore, since they're in the equivalent of a 7-Eleven, they have to be crapola versions
of whatever they really are.
But what could they be?
And why don't I have one, or several?
Dr. Howell, there's this amazing new electric gizmo called the MP3 player.
Yeah.
It's a...
It plays the MC5 or something.
Dr. The Walkman, you know, the little cassette recorder?
Yeah, I used to have one.
I still do.
I just don't have the...
Dr. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
Nothing to put on except our slack.
Dr. It's so that people who have to constantly have something blotting out their
thoughts and anxieties and fears and creativity...
The distraction box.
Dr. ...will always have someone else's testosterone and thoughts replacing their
own.
They need the helmet.
Dr. I hate to say...
I know that there's probably some real Howard Stern fans here, but to me, those are people
who let Howard Stern wear their balls.
And no offense.
Since I'm a radio personality myself, I don't...
I don't...
I can kind of get out of that.
Dr. I used to love listening to Howard Stern when I was driving my kids to school.
Every, you know, one minute out of the...
I'm sure it helped prepare them for school, too.
Dr. But it's when you make some conspiracy theory...
Or even a rogue subgenius, like Howard Stern, who knows of Bob.
In fact, his Reverend District Attorney, Abinath, he worked with him.
I was going to be on Stern's show when I was in New York once, but it happened to be
the day some guy was going to jump off the Brooklyn Bridge and insisted on Howard Stern
talking him out of it.
And so, Stern talked the idiot out of jumping off the Brooklyn Bridge, instead of exposing
the world to the church of the subgenius.
looking back on it
I am certain that that was Bob's will
because the one thing that could kill
the Church of the Subgenius
is for it to become popular
by definition that would be the end of it
sure a few of us might make enough money to retire on
but then we'd be hated and despised
and the Simpsons would make fun of us
instead of making homage to us
you know what I mean?
I mean the minute that every pink in the world
is running around saying praise Bob
what does that make the rest of us look like?
there's just no point in it
we exist because of the conspiracy
I think you guys need to start this thing off
they started it
synthesis, antithesis
and then it's put together
you should be prepared for this friends
you're going to see a lot more of this in the future
the false prophets in the Church of the Subgenius
the people who are trying to start
their own ecstasy
without the proper subgenius TM in the corner
or whatever other version of events
they'll try to take just enough of the subgeniusness
pervert it just enough
so it doesn't really give you the slack
it takes your slack
but to make it conspiracy friendly
oh yeah if you go over to Brushwood right now
they're having a praise bill UFO death cult festival
that's how it'll be done friends
the beginning of the end times
they can just
feel it
the end is coming
and the last gasps of desperation
and the most frightening aspect is it could work
it's worked in so many other instances
they were able to do it with Elvis
they were able to do it with Christianity
and split it into all of its warring factions
and even include mutations like Mormonism
actually Mormonism and subgenius
have some slight differences between them and the rest of the world
in some ways
there's a great take on the AA
some background music
everyone just loves seeing WE
could do all the cats and dogs



they can play any of those music

as long as it brings animated instruments
than you guys can cruising everywhere
all these different songs






you can't buy or wear
you can't buy anything
just do the example
just be yourself
just be yourself
and God help you
right now
But see, what they'll do is they'll take some of the more popular aspects of the church to subgenius,
and they'll encapsulate it in this new religion,
and then they'll mix it in with something that we find absolutely abhorrent.
The Rosicrucians and the Masons were the worst.
They ripped us off.
They've been ripping us off for 500 years.
Well, you don't want them to make subgenius into an app.
No, they want to turn it into that treatment that they use in the Clockwork Orange
where you're strapped down with your eyes and it's cold.
It's bad enough.
It's mostly radio shows now instead of books.
I personally prefer the written word.
I've watched only two television shows in the last 10 years.
Well, they won't be content until the moment...
But I did watch every episode.
No one has said that the moment we hear the theme song to the Hour of Slack,
we begin to vomit on ourselves.
What is the theme song?
There's a hundred theme songs to the Hour of Slack.
Is it the same as the theme to the new...
Three Stooges cartoon show?
No, it's the same as the theme to the Benny Hill show.
But what was that...
No, I'm buying that for a dollar.
What was that...
Gackety Sacks, you mean?
What was the one you were mentioning the other night?
The guy...
The kid show host who had the Three Stooges and the...
Oh, Slam Bang Theater.
Slam Bang Theater.
Well, yeah, but that was a local Fort Worth kid show host.
I doubt there's anyone here that remembers Slam Bang Theater from Channel 11.
I mean, Fort Worth.
You see, it contained within itself the nucleus of divine wisdom.
And from henceforth, that will be the theme song to the Hour of Slack.
If Philo and Doc Frock were here, we could all sing the theme of Slam Bang Theater
and its host, Icky Twerp.
Icky Twerp, a famous prototypical subgenius.
Well, the real theme song to the subgenius Hour of Slack
has to be played in a subliminal wavelength
so that it can't be ripped off and commercialized by the conspiracy.
You know it when you hear it because you know it's the real Hour of Slack.
And it goes without saying.
We never...
We didn't know until just a couple of days ago
that Papa Joe Mama was going to be here.
I've heard that Reverend Bleepo Abernathy is on his way.
At the same time, we lost...
Several of our folks that we expected,
you know, that are almost always here at X-Day
because someone was dying or someone just died.
Or someone's dog was about to die.
He slings an arrow.
I have news for you, friends.
Everything is about to die.
Yes, it's true.
Except for us.
And even then, we will die to our old lives.
It would look to others as if we had died.
But we'll know different.
They think of it as death.
But it's not like the Heaven's Gate thing or Jones.
No, we allow you to take more luggage
and you don't have to pay a fee.
Did anybody remember the Kool-Aid?
It's supposed to be...
I've got some.
It's Flavor Aid, classically.
Right.
I really don't want to take responsibility for the Kool-Aid.
I'm doing enough at 7 in the morning.
We need a couple of nurses to mix up a big galvanized tub of it.
It's a slave minion.
And help her slap barter people.
Also, we need the paper cups with the Dobbs head on it to drink it out of.
Yeah, we just need little paper cups.
And make sure that you have...
I don't have my Dobbs head rubber stamp, but...
Well, that's making it hard, isn't it?
Are some myrmidon going to spend time drawing a little Dobbs head on each paper cup?
Yeah, the idea is at 7 a.m., for those of you who have not been to the 7 a.m. drills,
at 7 o'clock, just before 7 o'clock...
We give you a delicious, refreshing beverage.
I'm using my watch.
As the perfect time.
We do a countdown.
10 seconds, you know, 10, 9, 8, 7.
At zero, we all shout together,
the only law of the Church of the Subgenius,
Fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Down the Kool-Aid,
and all scream and holler and await the saucers.
Yeah, as you jump up and down, it mixes the Kool-Aid inside you.
Now, in fact, my friends, I'll admit to you that
after all the previews,
I usually find about 25 or 30 untouched cups hidden under chairs and so forth.
They just...
Come all the way out there and they don't drink it.
Well, they think we're going to spike it with LSD
or we're going to poison them so that we can make the news,
which does work.
When that horrible child custody case happened in 2006 and 2007,
my business doubled.
Mm-hmm.
So...
And I've gotten my eye out for another child custody...
Any parents that I can report...
We could do that if we wanted to.
For instance, Dr. Drummond has that sweet little girl, Lily.
She may appear to be sweet.
He's got some, you know...
He could get us some...
She's got a sting to her.
Someone please...
Lily is no...
He's on that famous show in San Francisco, Puzzling Evidence.
That's been on the air since 1982.
We've been on the air for 26 years.
It's in Berkeley, actually.
Not San Francisco.
My show is in San Francisco.
The Ask Dr. Hal show on RadioValencia.com.
The Puzzling Evidence radio show on KPFA 94.1 FM
is and always will be in Berkeley.
Ironically enough.
That was the first subgenius radio show, Puzzling Evidence,
started in 1982.
Hour of Slack was on a much smaller station
but was syndicated to other stations.
That started in 1982.
The show was on a much smaller station







You can download all but the first 200.
You can download all but the first 200.
So that leaves 1,100 episodes that you can still hear.
Well, I'm sure this audience isn't interested
in the blithery wheezings of superannuated old teasers.
No, I was getting to a point.
There aren't that many shows.
There's Suzy the Floozy's show.
Yes.
And the newest one, The Ministry of Slack.
Where's that come out of?
We're here just a second.
and probably got bored.
They missed their plagola.
The Ministry of Slack,
I believe, they'll be doing
one of these things up here
in a couple of evenings.
And I get to sit
in the audience and watch.
I wonder what that's like.
That'll be nice.
I think that KPFA, our
show has been cancelled more times
than any other subgenius show and yet it keeps
coming back. Our show, Buzzing Evidence,
that show, it's been cancelled.
Well, it's been moved and they keep
going after it but they can't keep it down.
This is how you know.
Here's the funny thing about the hour of Slack.
For some
reason in whatever town
it's in, it's usually on a station
with the frequency 89.3
FM.
In Dallas, it was on every
Sunday night for nine years
at 9 o'clock at 89.3
FM. In Cleveland,
it's been on the air for 20 years
at 9 o'clock every Sunday night.
At an 89.3 FM.
But wasn't there an
interval when the goo-goos got
a hold of it? They tried to make it politically
correct and tried to shut you down?
Oh, they did. We were
shut down in Dallas but luckily by
then I had already syndicated
it to, for instance,
WREK in Atlanta where
Susie was doing her show. The Society
for Minding Everybody Else's
Business and Knowing Better for You
Than You Do did close
down the original hour of Slack.
for a while but of course you
slice off one of the Hydra's
heads and two more grow
on the stump. Actually it was the Nation
of Islam that temporarily
shut it down.
But yes, exactly.
You cut off one. That just makes us all the
more determined. When I
lost the ability to go into that
Dallas station and do that show, what
did I do? I bought this
and this and
that and started making
I'd put them out on cassette tapes.
And it's like the harder you
try to stop a subgenius,
the more determined that subgenius
will become. And we should appreciate that.
We are motivated by
our enemies and our hate.
The more they attack us. We exist, again,
it can't be said enough. We exist because of the
conspiracy. What we should hate is when they
tolerate us and smugly
shake their heads. Oh, those subgeniuses.
Let them have their fun. No, that's
when we're not having an effect. We need them
to hate us, to be on the offensive,
to be trying to shut us down, to be
hunting us down, to be passing their laws,
to be attacking us constantly. That's when we
know we're making headway. In this
as in anything, hatred is
not as bad as indifference.
Right. If you really,
really want to piss off an enemy,
ignore them.
Praise Bob. They hate that
worse than anything.
Pay them no attention.
I know this
from 30 years of having
bitter enemies. It's the worst thing
in love as in hate.
So if at 6.45
a.m. on July 5th, the
black vans filled with SWAT teams
come pouring in. You don't have to get into the technical
The doors kick open
and the men come filing out with their
M16s. Do not
scream. Do not holler. Do not
throw up any resistance. Throw up
your hands and rejoice. It shows we've
finally reached that utopia
we've been reaching for. They know we're on the very
cusp of the liberation
forces coming from on high.
Yeah, when they put us in concentration camps,
then we'll know the church of the subgeniuses
on the map. Then, and only
then. As we said before,
actually, they'll be in the camps.
They'll think we're in them. They're looking
through the wire at us, but
actually, that look goes two
ways. Right. The church is
really like the floating crap game
of religions. They never
talk about what their policies are
when helicopters come into the prison yards.
You know, theoretically, they will
shoot anybody who tries to escape, but
realistically, for liability reasons,
they can't shoot a helicopter if it lands in a prison
yard. I mean, the pilot may be forced to
be there. His child may have been abducted.
What they don't even have plans for,
though, is when the saucers come and
land in the prison yards.
It's just, they don't even, conceptually,
they haven't even toyed with that idea.
They don't even know where to start with that. We know what
we're going to do when those saucers land, but they
don't know what they're going to do when those saucers land.
So it's the perfect
plan. It's the one that doesn't even need to be
articulated. I know what I'm going to
do. I'm going to point my
laser gun at Legume's saucer
and, you know,
try to outgun him, because I know
he's coming for me. Just make sure
the lasers don't hit their eyes. I just
know it. It's just, I just, you know,
I mean, he's my friend. We've been
friends for 15, 20 years.
Except for that year. That's why I know him
that well, you know.
He said, as he himself will say,
you knew I was a snake when you
picked me up.
Well, where is Dr. Legume, anyway?
Taking it as he had his
shot. Well, let's not forget that one
moment. Proving he's more of a subgenius
than we are. Let's not forget
the time when Dr. Legume died.
Oh, which one?
He died many times.
In the funeral, the subgenius funeral.
Sure, sure. He kept everyone
in the dark. I watched him
emerge from his coffin.
Right after I said,
if there was really a Bob Dobbs,
like him, he'd still be alive.
By God, there he was. But I think I covered
that last night. He came crawling
back from the...
Maybe he was dead.
He really did die
a couple years ago.
He died on the operating table.
After he came out of it,
he said, well, hell, it's all
uphill from here.
He's been the most productive subgenius
of all of us ever since then.
When Jesus died, they said that
500 people witnessed him
and that was proof that the miracle was real.
Legume's been seen
by 500 people, plus he's been heard by
thousands.
And the hour of slacks
is his day. What does that prove?
Will the conspiracy admit they goofed?
How many of you boys and girls
met your Yeti mate at X Day?
If you met your Yeti mate at X Day,
can I get a hell yeah?
How many of you have noticed
there's something a little bit different
about that sex?
I met my true Yeti mate
at X Day.
I met him at the same place that X Day was held.
Before it was held here.
Might as well have been here.
Have you noticed that
subgenius sex seems to just
feel right?
Unfortunately, I was married to somebody else
that year, but
I did meet my true Yeti mate
at X Day.
So let's see if we can make up a song
about
our true Yeti mate.
Yes.
I can't hear anything you say, so don't...
.
When I saw you
With that8 dobshead
on your+,
on your shirt
It made me wanna give you
such good sex hurt
You're my love
and I'm your Connie
Tell me how you wanna slack off, honey
Let me give you some of that
Getty sex hurt
Maybe I'll squirt
I love how slack gives you
that little rise
But it feels like a big one when you
slide between my thighs
There's something special about
Getty love
Like it came from the saucers
straight above
I wanna give you some of that
Yet he's sick's hurt
Yet he's sick's hurt
And maybe I'll squirt
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Friends, I have a sad story to tell.
And it's a true story.
Last X-Day, this young man that I had never met before
came up to me and said,
Reverend Stang, I wish I had a preacher
with more credentials than you to go to,
but honestly, I don't know who else to talk to about this.
He goes, I'm 20 years old and I've never been laid.
And I said, quite honestly,
I said, you know, that's kind of strange
because you're tall and skinny,
which usually is about all that's required.
But on top of that, he was a perfectly good-looking guy.
But yet, he had never gotten laid.
And I said, well, now, don't feel too bad, man.
I was a teenager in the summer of love.
I was in my late 70s.

and everybody I went to high school with,
including the Dwarf, was getting laid.
And I could not get a girl to hold hands with me.
Now, I later found out at class reunions 20 years later,
oh my God, I had a huge crush on you, Stang.
They didn't call me that then.
They called me Ivan.
And they...
They go...
And I would have fucked you in a minute
or at least given you a hand job.
I wasn't at fucking stage yet at age 16.
But, that was the old days.
But you were clueless.
And they said, also, you had this shell around you
that it was like, I was afraid to get close to you
because you were like too cool or cold or hard or something.
And of course, it was just the opposite.
I was like a little cream puff inside.
I was sensitive, the sad, lonely little fella.
But I was trying so hard to act cool
that I couldn't get laid.
And I explained that to that young man.
I said, to tell the truth, girls...
This probably holds true both ways
and for all sorts of weird desires.
They can tell if you have...


If you have that giant D for desperation on your forehead.
And it's a vicious circle.
It's like, well, I can't get rid of the D on my forehead,
the desperation D, until I get laid.
And I can't get laid until I get rid
of the desperation thing.
In my case, when I was 18,
I was lucky enough to have a pity fuck.
Although, in retrospect, it was just the worst thing.
It probably ever could have happened to you.
But, you know, all I'm saying is I know.
I'm in the spirit, my friend.
You listening to the radio, I can see out there,
there's a young man who can't believe that he hadn't been laid.
He thinks he must be like Mr. Hyde.
He thinks there must be some deformed, horrible thing about him.
And there is.
You're slightly different.
And all I can say is have patience.
You're not Mr. Hyde.
You might actually even be pretty ugly and stumpy.
But that doesn't actually have anything to do with it.
That was the weird thing.
It took me so long to learn that, friends.
It's not your looks and it's not, it's certainly not your,
well, unless we're talking about pinks.
I'm talking to you folks, okay?
Okay?
It's not your car.
It's not your money.
It's not the way you dress.
I managed to meet my true Yeti mate looking just as shabby as I do now.
And that's by choice, by the way.
It's more comfortable.
And I don't have to work and deal with the public, except you.
In fact, I never even wear a Bob T-shirt out in the neighborhood
because why should they know, you know?
I'm not trying to convert a bunch of pinks.
We're making enough money to get by.
If somebody's a subgenius, they'll find their way to us.
We're not going to advertise.
We're not selling underwear.
We're not Scientology or the Rosicrucians or any of the other ones.
You know who else doesn't advertise, who else doesn't sell ads?
Mad Magazine.
Or at least they didn't until about two years ago.
And that was when I dropped my subscription.
Can you believe it, how sad it is?
The Onion runs ads for themselves.
Church of the Subgenius runs ads for itself.
And you folks out there trying to get laid,
all I can say is the best way to run an ad for yourself is
it sounds so corny and I don't know how else to say it,
but be yourself.
How do you do that?
Well, that's like finding out what your real slack is.
You know, well, goddammit, I can't get slack if I can't get laid.
I don't know a damn thing yet.
And I can't give you a magic answer.
All I can say is that the truest form of time control is patience.
And you may have to wait 50 years to meet that true Yeti mate.
And even if it's 50 years of God's grace,
and you only have the true Yeti mate for 5 years before somebody dies of brain cancer,
it's worth it!
Don't kill yourself yet!
J.R. Bob Dobbs or God or somebody is gonna do it anyway!
And they are professionals and know what they're doing.
By definition, you, as a non-dead person, are a complete amateur at suicide.
I could suggest people who might be,
might be able to help you, like Dr. LeHune here,
but, um, you know, my point is,
uh, you don't know the future.
We all learn that.
Bob taught us that in the conspiracy, what the conspiracy called 1998.
You don't know the future.
And, uh, you don't know whether you're gonna have to wait 50 years to get laid,
or if you're never gonna get laid,
or if you're gonna get laid tonight!
In fact, I almost kinda wish it would rain,
cause that's when the shy people get stuck together.
And some little shelter, you know,
with caffinas, or, uh, down at the Grindhouse.
That Grindhouse is gonna be open all night, friends.
I have a suggestion, Sam.
And, you know, you might just, uh, go down there.
You know how you used to get loony doos,
try to pick up girls, and slip your arm around them, and then they'd age away?
Like, you might just go down there and say,
anybody who wanna fuck, goddammit, I'm really, I'm desperate.
You may, who knows?
You may have ten people racing.
You may have ten people who want to kiss their hand.
Some of them might even be of the desired sex!
So, uh, you know, I'm just, uh, telling you,
this is just my advice off the top of my head,
to some of you who are couples, have, whatever,
you're settled down, everything's fine,
or you're couples, and it's a little awkward still,
or always will be, who knows, you know.
But, goddammit, you don't know the future!
Only J.R. Bob does!
Only J.R. Bob Dobbs can judge a book by its cover,
and he's the only one who can say who that, uh,
your perfect true yeti mate is before you find it.
And, uh, so trust, trust in Bob,
and don't kill yourself yet.
Keep up the fib, the F-I-B, faith in Bob.
That's all, that, you know, just stay alive until next day.
That's all you have to do.
If you get killed or something, there's nothing you can do about that.
Ask Dr. Laguene.
He's, I've been to his funeral, and then he died!
And here he is!
In fact, I remember, what year was that? 1995.
Standing on a stage in Cleveland at his weight.
People were really sad, people had never even met him.
So I'd written, when I thought he was really dead,
I'd written such a beautiful, a eulogy for him.
And I, uh, I managed to, I got to the point where I said,
goddammit, if there really was a J.R. Bob Dobbs,
then Dr. Laguene would still be alive!
And of course, that was his cue to step out of the coffin
and pick me, literally pick me up and go,
next time you think I'm dead, you better poke me with a stick!
It was a beautiful moment, friends.
That's what the Church of the Subgenius is all about.
Thinking the other guy's dead, and then finding that he's not after all.
Unless you hated the other guy, in which case, great.
So, that, uh, that about sums up my feelings for tonight.
Thank you, uh, for your attention, everybody.
I just wanted to encourage you to, uh, not die tonight
just because you didn't get laid and you came to X Day.
This is no different from high school.
In fact, in some ways, as we've seen from the recent butt-hurtness,
it is like the high school from hell.
Yes, there are the Populars and the Bookworms
and the Jocks and the Geeks and so forth.
That will never change, even among the subgeniuses,
and that's because, even though we may not be humans,
we're still primates.
And, uh, until the X's come,
or even after the X's come, it's still gonna be the same way.
It's probably just gonna be multiplied by a thousand.
But, remember, you geeks,
who's the richest guy in the world today?
Uh, you know, who's the politician with the prettiest wife?
Dennis Kucinich!
The most insane geek in the world.
What geek you ever saw in your life?
Closest thing to a subgenius that you can vote for, I suppose.
He's so nuts.
And yet he's got the prettiest wife of any of those politicians.
And, uh, I'm the stumpiest subgenius next to a couple of other fellas,
and I've got the prettiest wife of any subgenius.
So, how about that?
See, you never know.
You don't know everything.
Even Dr. Howell doesn't know everything.
I asked him a question,
and he said he didn't know, and I have it on tape.
I'm gonna ask him that question and ask Dr. Howell in a couple of days.
He's a believer.
And, friends, this brings us to the conclusion
of this Hour of Slack,
number one thousand something something something.
Thirteen twenty-one.
We'll put that in later.
Thank you very much, uh, Elliot Sound,
Pant Man, and Suds, Reverend Frodo Suds-Peshaw,
who's making out with Pisces, grossly, right in front of everyone.
As an example to all of us.
Yes, uh, friends, that's the way you're supposed to do it.
That's what you call a true Yeti mate.
Little tap on, a little kiss on the cheek.
A pick, yes.
Um, uh, thank you, Dr. Howell,
You're most welcome.
Father Joe Mama,
and, uh, and our listeners,
who've been so very patient,
staring at us as if we had something to say.
Until the next time, this has been an official production
of the Church of the Subgenius.
Then for more information on the Church of the Subgenius,
you may want to check out subgenius.com.
Not to be confused with subgeniaus.com,
which has two O's in it.
Often imitated.
One O too many.
Never duplicated.
Beware of imitations.
Alright, we are, beware especially of, uh, crappy Canadian imitations.
The pink Canucks are worse.
Operators, standing by, dealers and acquirers welcome.
Triple salvation or your most important.
Money back.
Riesman.
Rar, rar, rar, rar, rar, rar, rar, rar, rar.
