Well, thank you very much, Robert, and, uh, Happy New Year to you.
Now, y'all don't touch that dial.
Hey, don't touch that dial, I said!
Don't go out!
So...
Zamora...
The crossroads of the world.
You will...
Find what you want in Zamora.
Oh!
7-H.
You, you, you.
You.
One composer feeds a fragment of it into several tape recorders and gradually...
We're now deep inside the brain cavity of Doug Smith.
The...
And on Earth.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
And now I want a woman, and that's you, of course.
A ver, dígame lo tocan.
You mean it gets bigger than where it is now?
Ouch!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!

Oh!

Oh!


We got to meet some hats, isn't it?













Uh, I had to get in there and hole- after them rats one time.
Red hats took them down in, uh...

But...
You...
dude...
Carrying, I had these...
Rats.
Rats!
I used to have to eat rat a lot back in the 90s, the depression.
World Depression II, they called it.
This was after the one in the 80s.
Boy, them was lean years, brother.
They had to wipe your ass with subgenius pamphlets back then.
That was the only kind of paper there was.
No wonder there was a bad, bad depression all over the world.
It kind of figures.
Dateline for Dominance didn't mention that it would be caused by subgenius church, and I can see why.
Why Bob would...
not want to mention that in his teachings to the uninitiated.
You know, they wouldn't understand.
Yeah, it was...
Them was lean years, boy.
And Mad Max movies.
I remember we used to look at those.
Boy, yeah.
I wish it had been that easy.
Now...
All we got in this refrigerator is plutonium.
Yep.
All we got on the airwaves is this show.
This weird show.
I remember I used to be amazed that Dr. Gene Scott was on...
12 hours a day.
On TV in Dallas, Texas.
But now...
This show for 24 hours a day forever.
I just...
I wish this show could be more exciting, folks.
But, uh, just...
I guess...
Ever since the nuclear war, it's been hard for us subgeniuses to...
keep the show running like it used to back in the good old days, all.
I remember those times.
Good times, boy.
This is Doug Smith.
Come on!
Get up off that chair!
Follow me!
Ready?
Go!
The Subgenius.
Hour of...
Watch.

Sound.
You're standing up late for it, wouldn't you say?
Definitely.
Welcome, potential initiates.
I love you.
The subgenius hour of slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only
to be played on radio station...
N4.
In...
...the...



And only in the city of Dallas, Texas.
Here's your host.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang.
And my good friend.
The sexiest man on earth.
A young Adonis who's irresistible to women.
I can't wait a moment longer. I've got to have sex with you.
The facilities are now enormous.
This is where the young composer feeds a fragment of it into several tape recorders and gradually...
You rang me up to tell me all about him.
I can't wait a moment longer.
I can't wait a moment longer.
I can't wait a moment longer.
Just...
Now!
There's pain inside.
Just won't let me be satisfied.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
There!
Well, all right.
Okay, well, I'm going to do a song now for all you cowboys and cowgirls.
All you hombres and ombres.
Let's hear the song about life itself.
The song about what happens when life sort of knees you down low, you know what I mean?
Let me hear some yeehaws out there!
Woo!
Woo!

This is a song about life as a spiraling force moving through the universe.
Unencumbered by a modular time constant.
That's right!
It's called Life Sucks, Then You Die.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Ah!

Woo!
My house burned down in a flash of thunder.
My wife ran off with a one-legged plumber.
The crops fell dead when the river bed went dry.
My dog got squashed by a pickup truck.
My son ran away and got hooked on drugs.
My daughter's knocked up by the class hook he defied.
People say that life is good
It don't seem good to me
I'm lost without a paddle
And I'm headed up free
People say that life is fun
But I don't know why
As far as I can tell
Life sucks
Then you die
The government dumps its toxic waste
Right on top of my mother's grave
A team of experts say it won't do her no harm
But my sheep went crazy and killed my mule
I cut off my d*** with a power of two
Yeah!
Fixin' the hole where the meteor hit the barn
And it hurts every time
People say that life is good
But I just listen more
I got one foot on a banana peel
The other in the twilight zone
People say that life is fun
But I don't know why
As far as I can tell
Life sucks
Then you die
Celluloid
Sound Wave
And there's some yeehaws out there!
Sound of a 캠� focused on the chamois


The subject is a 33-year-old male in good physical condition.
Here are the traumatic lesions which occasioned the death of the subject,
and we are going to enter through the sternum first
by snipping away the outer surface of the manubrium
and allow the floating ribs to float down the Mississippi to the ocean.
Let me see, has anyone got one of those little shiny things?
Hold on just a moment.
All right, get the light over here.
A little more frop into this.
This was puzzling evidence.
This ravaged cadaver, this course that we see before us,
was the vital and energetic form of puzzling evidence at one time.
You see his fibrillation.
He's fibrillating.
Give him more oxygen.
I'd like a little oxygen myself, actually.
I need to be important by investing in the present preparation.
Ah, thank you.
Now that steadied my nerves.
Yes, let me add him.
I'll...
Yes, get that one over here with the big apparatus.
All right, now we're going to...
We're going to sever the ribs here and...
More cotton, please.
A situation where there was such total dissension of the...
What carnage.
It looks like a battlefield.
Now you'll notice that we seldom see a sarcoma as half as advanced as this.
You know, the squirming...
The hematomas are just...
Confirmation of the...
Yes, you're right.




Confirmness of the...
Notice up here.
Criminal isothermy.
Tighten these cranial sutures down.
I don't think we can...
See the patient suffered from a subdural hematoma,
which had suffused the dura and pia matter of the brain.
You see now this is in a dark, discolored...
Frankly, I don't know that there's all that much that you, Dr. Howell, or anyone else can do about it.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
This is your good...
Prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang.
And this is the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
For those of you who just tuned in for the first time...
Hey, quiet over there.
God.
Say, we got one of those volunteer helpers down here tonight.
Friends.
You can hear them in the background.
Moaning about the terrible chores that have been assigned them by the Bob.
Now, before I go any further, this is KNO and 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
And, uh, friends, for my regular listeners tonight, only,
tonight I'm gonna perform an act of, if you ask me, tremendous bravery.
What?
Somebody's trying to get into the station again.
I wish puzzling evidence was alive again to come in and help us.
If only David Byrne would let go of his name, we'd be all right.
Okay.
Anyway, I'm gonna do something real brave tonight, folks.
I'm gonna announce a time and place for subgeniuses to meet if they want to see how they can do
volunteer help for the subgenius church and for KNON.
Now, this is not a devival, dear friends.
We're not...
This ain't a red-hot holy ghost hellfire revival I'm talking about.
It's not a party, either.
Not a party.
This is for workers, for drones, for those who, who, uh, feel like there's, there's some...
to be done here for the station and for the church of the subgenius.
This is all non-profit.
Uh, we've been crippled.
You can hear, you can hear the, the one, the ones who lost their legs at the last Doctors for Bob show
crawling along in the background there.
Crippled by lack of time, money, and manpower, and especially woman power, dear friends.
We still don't have the money, but with enough manpower, I'll have the time.
So, actually, I'm not going...
I'm not stupid.
I'm not stupid enough to announce a meeting, the exact place of a subgenius meeting over the air.
Nay, nay.
I'm going to give you a number to call tomorrow.
Not tonight.
This is a number to call tomorrow to get directions to this meeting, which is Tuesday night.
This Tuesday night at 8.30, dear friends.
This Tuesday night at 8.30, a subgenius meeting.
And I want you to call this number.
Got that pencil ready?
Tomorrow morning, or afternoon, or evening.
Anytime tomorrow.
Call this number for information on how to get to this meeting for those who would work to help the church.
And that number is...
The Mighty Cecilia at 692-6288.
Got it?
I'm going to be coming back again with that information.
692-6288.
8.30, Tuesday night.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
For those who think...
They can help out.
Yes, yes, yes.
But, but, but...
But then...
But then it happened.
Bob came back.
Yes!
And was he surprised to see me climb up out of the sand.
It's not so easy to do.
Because my...
My bones get heavier and heavier every year.
The fact is, they're turning into stone.
They lie in the ground and are transformed into rocks by the water and minerals.
Scientists say they're better...
They're better than the rocks.
They're better than the rocks.
They're just a dinosaur rock.
And that number to call again, dear friends, is 692-692-6288 tomorrow.
Find out where and when to meet.
If you want to help, K-O-N and the Church of the Subgenius.
This is for subgeni only.
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!

Ha!

Ha!


Ha!
Ha!


Ha!

Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
6-9-2-6-2-8-8 tomorrow.
Call that number if you want to find out where the meeting is Tuesday at 8.30.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Uh, religion.
Uh, religion.
Uh, religion.
Hey all you jackals.
This is Ranger Randall Fields
from the banks of the Rock Creek Ranch.
Want to let you know that on Saturday, January 3rd,
we'll celebrate the new year and support
Kano Inn with another great Texas
music celebration.
The celebration will feature Mark Two-Time,
Danny Collier, Ann Armstrong,
and Steve Hughes, and Dallas' own
Emily Aronson. Robert Earl
Keene Jr. will be back with us,
so come on out to the Sons of Kermit Hall.
The door's open at 7pm
and the donation will be
$5 per person. So join us
at 3414 Elm Street
or you can call
747-4422
or 828-9500
for more
details. Remember, Kano Inn
really needs your support, so come
on out and see Mark Two-Time,
Danny Collier, Ann Armstrong, and Steve
Hughes, Emily Aronson,
and Robert Earl Keene Jr.
I haven't seen Emily Aronson in a long
time.
But dear friends, if you want
to find where the subgenius
meeting is, 830 Tuesday night, call
tomorrow. Call 692-
6288.
Ah yes, if you dare.
Wow, it's so cool.
Oh my gosh,
they gave up.
Professional football players, in case you don't know,
have now gotten so big,
so strong, and so fast
that when they run into each
other, the human body can no
longer sustain the impact.
And join me in the same way
the images that with wits,
selling conspiracy monster manipulates you and becomes so sophisticated that no matter how slick you think you are,
you cannot resist.
We can't give you all the answers.
But we can help you flesh out your fantasy that there are some.
At our labs, we use only the finest homemade ingredients.
Love.
Children.
God.
And the purest blend of money your needs can buy, grown right here by our special process.
A process in use since our first mom and pop operation.
Who are we?
We're the normal people.
The most normal people in the world.
But not quite as normal as you.
People worry that the Church of the Subgenius is an anti-American church.
It's the perfect church.
We are the first real Americans.
We know what America is before they took it away from us and tried to sell it back to us for a profit.
Bob will come and replace all drugs, sex, and money in a paradise of unlimited slack.
Slack will be the only medium of exchange, friends.
And because you can't buy it, and as long as you can't buy slack, the conspiracy cannot win.
The Conspiracy







Friends, friends, we really need your help.
Bob trusts you and knows how to keep your trust, for he is your only source of his mighty pills and the beloved herb of immortality,
Habifrops zipulops.
or frop. Unlike conspiracy drugs such as alcohol and TV, the frop mixture combined with the pills
fill the holes left by brain cells you destroyed. And Bob makes the best pills ever once made.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
You're the only one and the rest of them are wrong and you're the only one that's right.
And that's how you're supposed to feel because you got the pills of Bob in you.
Because Bob knows just the exact nanosecond when you're going to take that pill.
You're floating in a sea of pills only you're too deaf, dumb and blind to see it.
We're not talking about Tylenol. Hell, Jesus took Tylenol.
Now this is Habifrop Zipulops 2. And I don't like this stuff. It is free.
We have to smoke it. It's one of the rules.
We're talking about a barrel of Habifrop.
We're talking about a void, a limitless void of Habifrop.
Right. We're talking about several alternate realities.
Full of Bob pills.
Your girlfriend said he's going to strip you naked if you didn't take those pills.
Wow.
They had the one with the same living dog.
Baby boy.
Baby boy.
Oh, ain't it good when things are going your way?
Hey, hey.
Let me hear some yeehaws out there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
News on the USA Radio Network.
Don't touch that dial.
That's right, dear friends. We need your help.
The station needs your help.
And the church.
The church of the subgenius needs your help.
No, we're not going to give you free pills.
And it's not the kind of pills you're thinking of anyway, dear friend out there.
Nay, nay.
This is a new kind of pill.
A pill that depends on your faith and your face.
And on top of that, you need to know more.
But the only way you can find out, and this is not entertainment.
This is for those who want to help out.
And I'm speaking to those who help out.
Those who helped us out on the parade.
Ah, yes.
And those who feel like they can drive, run errands, type.
All kinds of things.
All kinds of things.
Including command the small army of the Bobbies.
To find out where this meeting is, 8.30 Tuesday night, tomorrow, any time during the day, not too late at night, call Cecilia at 692-722-7222.
622...
8... 8...
от 12 hast Cou hurtá
4
4
So
Yeah yeah uh
But let's leave things of this world behind
and walk now down the path of Bob
for this brief minute of slack
from the church of the subgenius.
And so once again we find this deep-rooted contradiction
within the word of God,
who he himself has said,
I am everything, but yet everything is me.
And by this very self-same contradiction,
we know that we do have some measure of free will.
Yes, free choice.
And it's up to us to decide
whether we're going to sin in the ways that God wants us to
or if we're going to sin against God.
But yet, since he is everything and everything is him
or her or it or everything,
one could say, well, everything is everything,
so a sin might as well be a good deed.
Helping a little old lady across the street
might be a sin.
And if everything is everything,
now, this is an acid-head sort of mode of thinking,
and I don't think anybody wants to go along
with such a vague and, to say the least,
fluid philosophy,
because we have to have some sort of standard reference
for goodness or evilness.
We got a zero or meter on something.
So why not let that something be Bob, friend?
Let there be slack.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm a subgenius talking from Beijing, China.
Please, Bob.
My name is Li Lijing.
I will tell you some funny story.
We know that humor is through exaggeration,
metaphor, double-gloss, and other techniques.
It's my understanding that commercial music
is built on the aberrations of society.
Sex, dub, music.
Ass, loose, whores, pimps.
Faggots, cockroaches, crawlers.
.
.


.
.




.
.

.
.

.

.
.









.
Meat rack man.
Meat rack man.
Meat rack man.
Meat rack man.
For cops for toy for slaves to enjoy.
Meat rack man.
Meat rack man.
See the studs, drinking bud,
you scuttle to the breakthroughs.
Loving pain, that's his game.
Pinch my nipples, slap my thighs.
.
Meat Rack Man, Meat Rack Man
He's living sin as he goes in
Meat Rack Man, Meat Rack Man
Meat Rack Man, yeah
Just a kid from the country backpack
On his black back
Had his problems of pleasure and pain
Lines of cars and concrete movie stars
It's a shame
Just another 20 buck romance
In the heat of the night
It's a shame
Meat Rack Man
And all my street friends
And all my street friends
All my street friends
Sometimes you pay for old times
Sometimes you pay for old times
Meat Rack Man
Sweet little Alice by day
At night the door would slam
To take in hand
To a two minute two time
Orgasm in the promised land
Whips and chains
Were sweet Alice's little game
Whips and chains
Gone down one way the wrong way
No one understands
Meat Rack Man
Meat Rack Man
It's the island of living pew
Whips and chains
Meat Rack Man
Meat Rack Man
Meat Rack Man
Meat Rack Man
Meat Rack Man
I would remind you
that extremism
in the defense of liberty
is no vice
And he came near me
and I just petted him a little bit
but my goodness
I don't understand all that
Now sodomy includes
both buggery and bestiality
Well there was a girl there
who was fully in love with me
around with a dog, put it on a kind of exhibition.
But that's as far as that went.
I had nothing to do with it.
And let me remind you also that moderation in the pursuit of justice is no virtue.
During my marriage, when we had trouble relating to one another sexually, my wife and I, we
both went to doctors, and both doctors recommended a form of genital kissing to arouse one another
to a state where we could enjoy ourselves together.
This was recommended to us by doctors.
Beyond that, I see nothing wrong with it.
The heartbeat, it's a heartbeat, and a heartbeat is a good vibration.
It's got to be funky.
It's got to be funky.
It's got to be funky.
It's got to be funky.
It's the island of living people.
It's got to be funky.
It's got to be funky.
It's got to be funky.
It's got to be funky, dear friends, and it will be, especially those of you, now I've
gotten a couple of calls that I wasn't able to pick up.
If you need to call back here, wait until you start hearing tapes again, give me another
call, because we're getting several calls at once.
I can only talk to two at a time and run all these decks.
See, every cut you hear is a different cassette running into this deck.
Wait a minute.
What is this?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Okay, trying to trick me every minute.
Dear friends, like I said one more time, we're having a meeting, a subgenius meeting, not
a camp meeting, not a revival meeting, a work meeting.
Those who want to help out in a volunteer way, we're going to meet Tuesday night at
830.
I'm not crazy enough to tell you where over the air, but if you want to find out tomorrow,
if you're serious, call Cecilia.
At 692-6288.
Not tonight, but tomorrow.
And the kind of people we're looking for, really, I mean, we need folks that are skilled
in, we need folks that have Macintosh computers to begin with.
That's a very, that's a real good qualifying thing.
Anybody who's got a Macintosh and willing to help out with typing.
We need Xeroxers, paystep people, free typesetting, mail order drones, and this is to help out
the station.
And or to help out the, um, uh, the over dominator of volunteers.
You see what I mean?
So, uh, anybody who can repair electronics, uh, audio equipment, access studios, stage
sound, PA, you know, you name it, call, call that number 692-6288 tomorrow.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang, subgenius.
Radio ministry.
Now what you just heard, meat rack, man, I can't remember who, who did that, but a whole
lot of this stuff comes from the Los Angeles subgeni.
Uh, in fact, what's coming up on this tape are a series of phone calls.
These are phone call recordings made by a true doctor, a, a, a saint, a saint of Bull
Dada in the church of the subgenius who goes by the name of.
El Minati, which is all you're going to know, but good old, uh, Dr. Lou here has, has done
some terrifying things to other people.
This is, uh, these, of course, these calls, uh, let me preface this with, with the fact
that these are all of course staged.
No one would really do this to another person.
Um, and those will be coming up.
But in the meantime, dear friends.
Okay.
If you need more information about just what this so-called church of the subgenius is
all about, you can write for free information, not a penny charged to give you the information.
And that number to write is PO Box 1 4 0 3 0 6 Dallas, Texas, 7 5 2 1 4.
Or tomorrow you can call 6 9 2 6 2 8 8.
But until then, dear friends,
.
, It's the, it's the, it's the, it's the.
The doctor said that you were likely the cruel guy.
Tremulous murderer.







These stupid fools, these poor, ill-fated humans.
They're mere humans.
I'm not going to put you on again.
Yes, they call themselves dumb.
You want to know what the epic dog is, don't you?
The ride of the pig.
Stop.
Stop.
Tell us what it is.
At this point, what we're doing is...
I left a good job in the movies.
Yeah, something's not right here.
This is puzzling evidence.
Wait a minute.
We're going to rearrange everything.
I'm down here at the studio.
I'm going to mix in a little bit differently here because...
I've got a real problem with the theme, don't you think?
First we're talking about phyllo, and then we're in this restaurant in El Salvador, and it just isn't right.
Here, I tell you what.
Let's really have a theme here, okay?
Okay.
I couldn't wait anymore.
I'm climbing the damn walls.
Oh, I told you I had a banana.
Oh, God, it's good.
I just woke up next to Adolf Hitler's body.
Is this hell?
Is this hell?
Is this the pharmacy?
Speaking.
Yes, I want to call about a prescription that was called in by Dr. Horten.
When it was called in?
Pardon me?
When it was called in?
I'm sorry, I can't understand you.
You said it was called in?
Yes, it was called in yesterday.
It's for lactose-strayed PET pads.
Lacto-what?
Lactose-stressed face pads.
What time it was called yesterday?
Probably about 1 p.m., I'd say.
Okay, what's the last name of the patient?
Last name, Elkins.
Elkins.
Hold on a second.
Let me check, please.

Well, I believe it was, yes.
Well, perhaps since time is of the essence now, do you have the non-prescription variety of the lactose stress pads?
Lactose stress pads?
Yes.
I know.
I've seen them at your pharmacy.
Just in case.
Just a minute, please.
Thank you.
That's very strange.
I cannot believe that a product like that would sell out so quickly.
Well, what can we do?
I mean, do you have the nearest substitute?
I do need something.
I mean, I was counting on getting this.
First, you say the prescription is not available, then you say the shelves.
The prescription would be available if the doctor called.
Well, I can't understand what happened.
Why don't you call your doctor and ask him to call us?
Well, can you prescribe the nearest equivalent?
Okay, I'm not a pharmacist, so I can't prescribe.
Is the pharmacist available?
Just a minute, please.
Thank you.
There's nothing that he can recommend.
Well, can you give me some guava paste?
Okay, sir, I can't give you anything.
I don't know.
Well, can I speak to the manager?
I mean, this problem has to be straightened out.
I can't believe that...
Sir, if your doctor called, we would have the prescription, okay?
Well, I'm not going to make a whole trip down from the Hollywood Hills if there's nothing
on the shelves.
Now, if the doctor didn't call in, perhaps this can be rectified by buying the same ingredients
on a non-prescription basis.
Okay, it's not available.
Is Mr. Coolidge and all the little people here available?


No, Mr. Coolidge is there.
I beg your pardon?
Do you have the sick raccoon medicine?
Can I buy a bonus love thruster?
One minute, please.
What's the name of the product you...
Children's aspirin.
We have Bayer aspirin.
Well, what's been the problem?
I've been on the phone for about seven or eight minutes, and I've been trying to get
a bottle of Bayer children's aspirin and find out if it's in the shelves, and I...
No, you haven't been asking for Bayer children's aspirin.
You've been asking for a prescription.
Well, I was asking for the generic name.
It's the same product.
Okay, I don't know if we have the generic name.


It's the generic Bayer aspirin, but we do carry aspirin.
Oh, I'm very confused.
Generic Bayer aspirin?
No, we have aspirin on the shelf.
There's no generic aspirin.
What flavor do you have?
What flavor aspirin?
Yes, of the children's variety.
They do come in flavors.
Excuse me, Mr. May I help you?
Yes, I've been simply trying to ask a question for the last five minutes.
My child is very finicky, and he only will take a certain kind of aspirin.
I'm sure he'll be fine.







I've been trying to find a children's aspirin, a Bayer, and I've been just trying to find
if you have the proper variety, and I just keep getting the wrong one.
We have a big line of aspirins and acetaminophenes and everything, and if you know the kind the
child has, definitely you'll find it on the shelves.
Do you have the Magenta Adaptions?
What's that?
Do you have the Magenta Adaptions?
The Magenta what?
The Magenta Adaptions.
No, I don't.
Well, is there any kind of equivalent?








No, I don't know what's equivalent, and believe me, I have a very busy night tonight.
I cannot ask anymore.
If you want any help, come here.
I don't believe you.
Sir, I'm trying to tell you I'm very busy.
Come over here and I'll help you.
Well, when you're dealing with sickness, time is never a consideration.
Everybody here is sick also.
What I can do?
I cannot be leaving everybody just to answer this question.
I'm telling you I'm ready to help you anytime.
Come over and I'll help you with everything you need here.
Have you tried the spiritual method?
No, I haven't.



I don't understand.
Medicines are not needed when spiritual contact may be made through the Buddha mindset.
What is that?
I don't understand.
If you can simply find the coordinates of blood mentality, no medicine available on
any shelf on this planet is necessary.
Healing can be achieved through simple mental communication with our astral projected fathers
and mothers.
Oh my god.
I don't understand these things.
Maybe you, one day you'll teach me these things.
Well, I don't understand.
If you begin from the Eastern method that was introduced into the West about 1803, you
realize that all material wealth is simply a projection of our mindset.
Drug stores have no need to exist.
You yourself, whatever your name is, would no longer have a job.
You would become a simple mendicant on the streets of our fair city.
No one can do the same.

Okay, sir.
Thank you very much.
I have now three or four doctors on the line waiting for me to talk to them.
Possible?
Okay.
Get the aspirin.
I'm ugly.
Dirty, filthy, sneaky, horrible.
I'm gonna kill you.
What type of young lady are you looking for?
Just one, one, one, one.
What kind of young lady?









I'm gonna use brunette, most likely, or redhead, mostly.
Oh, but that shouldn't be a problem.
No, if you call us early Friday evening,
we can arrange for it.
Okay, also, would you have extra spanchels
of Ex-Lax and polystyrene?
Pardon me, sir?
What do you want to do with that?
Would you have extra spanchels of Ex-Lax
and polystyrene in the molded figurines?
Sir, I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, most desk cards serve as a security service.
Sir, we don't carry laxatives and things like that.
The stores do.
Oh, well, that's not true.
No, I don't know what you think of me
and these kind of things that I do.
I don't give a flying...
Hey.
Jeff Murray here, station manager
of KNOA.
I want to remind you of our recent pledge drive
and where you can send your donation.
Now, remember, if you send KNOA a donation
before the end of the year,
you can write it off on your tax credit.
So donations, large and small.
Here's our P.O. Box.
P.O. Box, 710-909.
Dallas, Texas, 75371.
So let's get these donations in.
You know, it's the Christmas spirit,
and certainly, you know, we're going to have to do this.
And certainly, KNON, I think,
should be one of your more deserving recipients.
That's KNON, Post Office Box 710-909.
Dallas, Texas, 75371.
Happy holidays, and thank you very much.
And thank you, Jeff.
Well, friends, I want you to take him up on that.
Those of you who pledged, make sure you get that in the mail.
You'll get a reminder.
But even if you don't, you know,
go ahead and mail that pledge in.
We need it.
Make sure and tag it, Hour of Slack.
Otherwise, we won't get credit for you,
you as a listener.
Now, about this Tuesday night meeting at 8.30
of Subgenius Volunteers.
Now, see, most of the people who volunteered in the past,
not all of them, but it's turned out that quite a few
were actually Slack vampires, without really meaning to be.
But after the parade and finding that many Dallas subgeni
did indeed include folks who were not total flakes
and who did want to help, and even a few with the right skills,
my faith has been bolstered, dear friends.
So we're going to have that meeting.
Call 692-6288 tomorrow for directions.
None of the help we need is glamorous.
This is all menial zombie drone work.
It does require some skills.
And, you know, typists, paced-up phone calls,
that kind of thing.
They have to know what they're doing.
We also need people to run errands with their own cars.
And this, once again, this is all non-profit.
So no one, at this time, not one person receives a paycheck
from the Church of the Subgenius, friends.
Not even me.
I make my living doing, oh, even worse things.
So don't think this is leading to a job, because it ain't.
This is to help out the subgenius.
The station and the church, and everyone else on the planet.
If only they knew.
If only they could be told.
Now we're pretty picky who hangs out at the subgenius,
evil subgenius castle.
I'm a real Nazi about this, and Buck Naked can tell you that.
I'm kind of a cross between a hermit and a Nazi commandant.
And after the meeting, we'll call back those who passed
the psychic whiff reading test.
But if you do want to help, meeting 830 Tuesday night,
692-6288.
Oh, this song coming up, this was sent in by Lou Minotti,
whose phone calls we will hear some more of.
Uh, the, uh, remember,
recorded very recently in prison.
This is, you always wondered what Charlie Manson sounded like
when he sat down and did his rock and roll songs.
This'll take you back, even though it's, uh,
Charlie Manson.
And it.
Uh, Charlie Manson.
Huh.
It's inside.
In the back.
The front.
No, it's in the back.
No, it's in the front.
No, it's in the back.
They shoved it in the back.
They put it in the back.
All the love in the back.
In the back.
All the love get in the back, boy.
And they call it your subconscious.
Remember Freud.
And the front is your computer.
And I call him old ego is a too much thing.
Old ego is a too much thing.
You make you fool yourself.
You'll think you're somebody else.
The guy's the outlaw.
The trouble your brain.
Makes you wanna jump on a band fight.
And you can't stand not to be right.
It'll make you lie, make you cheat just so you won't be beat.
It'll make you get on out of sight.
You get afraid you're gonna act like a clown.
And you get mad when somebody puts you down.
Your hearts are pumping and your paranoid's just jumping.
Look out, ego is a too much thing.
When everything seems going so fine.
Old ego puts itself on in a band.
Your certainty turns to doubt.
And then you start flipping out.
Then you ease on out of your mind.
You try not to be a fool.
You try not to be a fool.
And you get mad.
It's a big thing.
Old ego's a too much thing.





Do you have the Kermit series?
The what?
The Kermit series.
Kermit? No.
Can you give me some idea of the range of the facility?
It's a big place.
Well, in terms of square feet.
I don't know the square feet here.
What kind of clientele in terms of the area?
This is an adult bookstore.
Yes, but what about the ceramic collection?
We don't have any ceramics.
Well, last time I was in there, I met a man who was about 6'2".
He had gray hair, and he assured me that the lens was available.
There's another man, 6'2", gray hair, working here.
Well, what about the love thrusters?
The what?
The love thrusters.
I don't know what that is.
The series or in the individual capacity?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I think I better get your name.
Can you give me your name?
No, you can't have my name.
Well, please, please.
If you want to know what we have, you can come down here.
Well, you at least tell me this.
Are the pages stick-resistant on most of your reading materials?
I would imagine.
What sort of substances will wash off these?
Depends on what you pour on it.
Well, let's say a normal unguenting solution.
Depends if it's acidated or not.
What about excrescence in minor form?
That I wouldn't know.
No.
What about the junior chemo-chromos influence?
I still don't know what you're talking about.
I'm prepared to make a large purchase.
You know, you really shouldn't alienate your customers.
Yeah, but I really don't know what you're talking about.
Well, can you tell me if the raccoon club approved?
No.
Well, what about the fist involved?
The what?
I'm prepared to come down tonight if you can assure me that the full line
of treatment is available to you.
Treatment?
Yes. Do you have these floral books or the Greek master series?
No, we don't.
Do you all agree?
No, we don't.
Do we have the simple tracers and the low-fly prunes?
Excuse me?
Yes. Well, how many do you have of them?
Of what?
Of the free-fly prunes.
I wouldn't know right now.
How many other people are working here now?
I really should speak to someone else.
I'm afraid you're not making yourself clear.
I'm the only person that is here.
How long will you be here?
I am here all night.
Well, can you tell me if the palm service is still there?
That I'm not sure.
Well, what about Mr. Coolidge and all the other Coolidges?
No.
I need some help.
Can you please help me?
The only way I can help is if you come down here.
Well, what are you prepared to do?
What am I prepared to do?
I'm not prepared to hang up on you.
Well, I think you would...
I'm so wired up that I feel like a switchboard buzzing.
I'm a turbojet on the strip with my engine running.

There's a sweet young thing they just hired on in reception.
Congregation?
My, it's good to see a big crowd.
Oh, I've been wondering where a lot of you have been.
I've been wondering about a lot of things.
I'm glad you're here on this Easter Sunday.
Your flowers look so beautiful.
I'm glad you're here.
Thank you, Mr. Cook.

I'm going to go and get you your tassels.

I'm going to get right into the message.
I'm gonna lay the truth down.
I'm gonna strap it on.
Thank you for that, amen.
Yes, I'm not gonna spare anything.
I'm not gonna smooth anybody's fur.
I heard your sister.
Yes, I will, pretty Jones.
Yes.
Mm-hmm.
I'm gonna tell it like it is, as they say.
Oh, I heard a hallow-lo-gy.
All right, now, you're all quieting down a little bit.
You're getting a little fuzzy.
little too noisy. Hold it. Hold it down. I'm talking. Okay. Listen, I'm tired of so much
around here that I had to unload on you today. Do you think I don't know what the hell is
going on? Do you think, for instance, that I don't know that Bill Broden is going up
seeing Irene Hobbs? Yeah. Going up there tapping that? Sure, I know it. Don't you? What in
the hell's the matter with you? She told me right back there in my study what she was
doing. I know it. Yeah. Uh-huh. And this being Easter Sunday and having such a big crowd
out here and a lot of strange faces, where in the hell have you been? Hell, far. You
come once or twice or you come twice.
Yeah. That don't cut no ass with me, see? You know, we got a Sunday school teacher,
and you know who in the hell I'm talking about. Yeah, Bill Bronson. That's who I'm talking
about. There he sits right there, Bill. I'm talking to you, see? You ain't no more taking
proper care of that Sunday school class. And you are finished. You're fired. Get out.
You're out of that Sunday school class. Now listen, I mean business. I'm putting it down,
ain't I? I ain't hearing no amen's, but I ain't wanting any. No. Hell, far. Hell, far.
This may be the biggest thing that's ever happened. The biggest thing that's ever happened
in our time. We're facing a new form of violence. We're facing a new form of violence. We're

facing a new form of life that nobody understands. It's like nothing we've ever seen before. This
is some mental vampire report. We have been confronted with an enemy the like of which
defies description. We're dealing with something totally alien. Looks larger. Looks like it's
growing. We're dealing with something totally alien. Those hypnotic eyes. Alien, totally
alien. Totally alien, dear friend.
This little collage here is from the Snake Oil Symphony by Daniel Stephen Kraft. Man,
I'm going to have to run down there and let Ron Lindsey in, friend. Stay tuned for Ron
Lindsey and Soul Oldies. This is Reverend Ivan Stang on KNON 90.9 FM, Dallas, Texas.
The preacher you heard just a little while ago was, he was not with the subgenius church.
He was with a rival cult. But he was right. He was right. There hadn't been enough volunteers
lately.
And if you want to find out how to help out the church of the subgenius and or KNON, call
tomorrow. Call 692-6288. No Bobbies, please. I mean, you can love Bob and help spread his
message through thankless labor without being obnoxious about it. In other words, we all
need slack. But unless you already have some yourself, you're just going to be draining
off what little the rest of us have left.
But in the meantime, dear friend,
Those of the rest of you who are not Bobbies, I want you to call that number, 692-6288.
Oh, yes.
.

.
.
.
.
hey
What is this!
Gimme a piece of rock!
That's not all he can express
He knows the lyrics
And his body isом
By the way,
I am
Looks like
IT IS
Maybe they work together
The way this car drives
Foriii
H',

ro evans
it's a sunny
is
yes sir dear friends
i'm happier than the morning sun
that's the way it'll always be ever since the day you came inside of me
johnny could only sing one note and the note he sang was this die if you want to
you
is
so you come out and you draw and you say bam bam stop and the guy doesn't stop
then you move up to the head and you put one right there and that's usually fine.
Ah yes dear friends and so ends another hour of slack. If you need information on Church of
the subgenius please be sure and write P.O. Box 140306 Dallas Texas 75214. Sending your pledge
drives to KNON which station this is KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas Texas and stay tuned for Ron Lindsey
and Soul Oldies.
Now Bob you're getting to be a pretty big fella. Yes sir maybe this is a good idea chance for us to
have a little talk. Why sure dad what's cooking? Remember the last time we talked about this old
body of ours Bob? Yeah yeah I remember dad. No. Oh here's a match your pipe's gone out again.
Well thanks but when a doctor speaks of the male organ he well he calls it a
you
when a man and a woman are married Bob they love each other very much and in in showing their love
their instinct is to embrace each other as if well as if to try to become the one person God
intended them to be or the the sperm as the doctors call it. Is that the seed that helps
make a new baby? No no Bob well what I'm talking about now is the fluid that contains the forms
in two little sacks beneath the penis which we call the. Oh but dad why do fellas get these
these feelings before they get married? Now that's a good question Bob. Why do you ask him?
