The Self-Genius Power of Squash
It's hard to believe they were attacked by an owl.
Praise Bob.
My memory could be incorrect.
They had dance runs and tunics and stuff.
I remember that day.
Are we secretly at war with everybody now?
Pretty much?
Yep.
Pretty much the entire rest of the planet.
Ever since that Marvel Comics series, The Secret Wars, came out.
And everybody in the United States is at war with everybody else in the United States.
If they're not, they keep acting like they can't wait for the Civil War to start.
That's another thing America's got going for it.
I'm kind of happy about that.
The threat of constant Civil War,
especially from...
different media sources
that are known to be not always accurate.
I heard that Texas is actually going to have
an item on their ballot next year
asking citizens if they'd be interested in secession.
Not officially saying we're going to secede,
but asking the populace,
would you be interested?
Just to peel it out?
Yeah.
Well, I think that'd be a great idea,
although the state would go broke almost instantly.
Yeah, that's the...
I mean, you know,
half the people here are totally reliant on the government.
And the military, you know,
military bases and stuff like that,
if they pulled out...
Yeah, you know,
when the Ukraine broke off from the Soviet Union,
there were a lot of nukes left behind.
Yeah, no, that's true.
There's probably a few good nukes,
and plus we've got the companies that manufacture the nukes and the jets and so forth.
There's quite a few of those here.
You know, I like to make fun of...
I like to make fun of Texas,
but everybody loves cowboys and everybody loves astronauts,
and Texas is full of cowboys and astronauts.
No, it's not.
It's full of Yankees that moved here
because the Sun Belt is cheaper for corporate headquarters.
There's no cowboys left.
Where have all the cowboys gone?
I saw an episode of Larry's...
They became gun-hoosers.
...in the weeks that discussed...
Texas is insisting on all these pro-American,
inaccurate textbooks that whitewash the bad parts of our history,
like slavery and all that.
Oh, there was no such...
Those Negroes were so much better off with slavery, you know,
because if it wasn't for slavery,
why, they'd still be in Africa.
They'd be the majority.
And they'd all be going to hell
because they...
They never would have met Jesus.
Right, because, yeah,
nobody would have turned them on.
Well, you know, now in Africa,
Jesus is all over the place.
But so is the prophet.
So you've got all kinds of problems.
Who's going to win?
Jesus?
Who's going to win?
Bob or Bob?
You know, I think Bob Dobbs is exactly the kind of savior
that this whole planet needs.
I do, too. I agree.
Say it to the Texans.
Say it to the Ugandans.
Say it to the Indians.
Say it to the Russians.
You just need Bob.
What kind of relationship does Bob have
with the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
Oh, that's just a satire.
Flying Spaghetti Monster.
Well, actually, they do get along pretty well.
I mean...
Someone would believe that kind of thing.
But really, they're just making fun of...
No, Reverend Stang, no, you understand.
I mean, the Flying Spaghetti Monster is real,
but the thing is, is that, you know,
Bob has to eat something, right?
Right.
You know, you got to get your carbohydrates
from someplace, right?
You can't just, you know,
Bob cannot live on frop alone.
Yeah, you got to think about it.
You know, he's been known to slurp up
a few of those noodley appendages.
I'll have the Flying Spaghetti Monster, please,
waitress, and extra Parmesan cheese on that.
Yeah.
They do have a relationship with each other.
No salad afterwards,
because everybody's already fried.
Hey, here's a good phrase for you.
I haven't figured out where to use this,
but I just have a phrase here.
Okay?
Okay.
The self-terrifying whites of Damasica.
I'm not sure what that means exactly.
I have my theories.
The self-terrifying whites of Damasica.
The American Tala T. Billy Band
and their Super Jesus Squad.
These are just notes I'm looking for.
Okay.
It's just going right over my head.
It is male overcompensation
for not bearing sufficient numbers
of very large penises.
I think that has to do with...
Unless you have at least eight.
Unless you have at least eight,
you're not a real man.
I mean, I don't want to go to heck, you know.
You know, what if...
Hey, man, hold on.
What if there is a gosh?
And what if gosh could actually darn us to heck?
I was just thinking, man,
I'm in trouble if that's the case.
I'm going to be darned really bad.
Gosh, has darned me to heck.
Darned all the way to heck.
And yeah, Christ.
I took a sleigh ride to heck.
I like to smell it.
Go ahead, man.
Oh, what fun it is to sing a Slayer song tonight.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.



Yes.




Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.



I think that Ewing will never say dalam.
I'll tell you the truth, pal.
I told him no.
No.
The world on the street.
Well, in my personal opinion,
are ruining America.
And should be genociding like me.
Every day I pray is DNA a genetic.
It seemed to be so enticing.
It seemed to be so entertaining.
It seemed to be so provocative and scintillating.
I thought all the lights was in their multifarious colors.
I thought it looked so good to the natural eye.
It looked like it was the very thing to enjoy yourself on.
Push the button and it would be all over.
Just enough thrill for a kick.
And then the excitement could end and they could stop.
But it's not quite that simple, my friend.
It doesn't conclude that easily.
Fire time, every way.
Fire time, every way.
Fire time.
Fire Station.
Fire Station.
Fire Station, fire station.
Yeah.
But all doctors live by%er.
Can't you make the complex simple for the simple minded?
I've heard there's a lot of money in that.
It's been done in a small fabric.
It fits neatly.
You know, I spent two years working as a snake oil salesman,
and I never want to go back to that.
Yeah, but it tastes pretty darn good sometimes when you're all alone, you know.
It was actually homeopathic.
It was called oleum serpentus.
Oh, I would never go that way.
Bunch of homeopaths.
Thanksgiving?
I don't know if it would work by then.
It's not the kind I'm using.
Have you ever taken one of them huge pythons and tried to stuff it, like, for Thanksgiving dinner?
Boy, what a mess that makes.
Like in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom?
Yeah, eating snakes and spiders and stuff.
Baby snakes!
A friend of mine who had visited China actually did have what they called fresh fish,
meaning that the fish was alive.
When it was fried.
And he said it was quite tasty, but...
Fry them alive.
Bob predicted you'll all be eating roach crap by the year 2000.
And look, he was right.
And actually, we've been eating a certain percentage of roach crap all along.
There is a minimum allowed percentage of roach crap in food
because you just can't get completely away from it.
There's always going to be some minuscule amount of roach.
There's always going to be some minuscule amount of roach crap.
Pretty much every structure...
One rodent hair per can.
You know, cockroaches are fascinating.
You know, they say that the roaches will survive any kind of apocalypse we can create.
But they are tropical insects by nature.
And if it weren't for human beings building our structures with heating,
roaches couldn't live at this latitude.
But did you know that roaches were impervious to nuclear attacks?
And that's why we have to make medicines out of them.
And that's why we have to make medicines out of them.
So that we can survive terrorism.
See, you're all up on the wrong track.
Cockroaches are a good thing.
Yeah, right.
I mean, that's why when you go on some of those right-wing websites,
they'll have ads for cockroach suits.
Basically, you put on a wetsuit, but it's completely covered in dead roaches.
You just glue them all over your body, and you'll be safe when the nukes...
You know, you can withstand a rocket ship.
Yep, you gotta cover up...
The thing is that you have to cover up your ears and your eyes and your nose and your mouth, too,
with all the dead roaches.
But sure enough, you will survive the nuclear apocalypse if you do that.
You might twist your head, but...
And that would solve that problem right there.
Pucker your lips for apocalypse and kiss your ass goodbye.
Add more inches to your cock, roach.
That's right.
Who's scraping the barrel for the dirtiest cognate?
We are all insects.
We are all insects in the eyes of Jehovah One.
We are all insects in the eyes of the sex goddesses, Jehovah One, the exists.
Gregor Samsun, the metamorphosis, and Moses Berman.
He's probably one of them.
He woke up one morning and became some sort of monster,
and it's because of his belief system.
He had a rotten apple stuck in his shell.
We are all roaches now.
That's what it comes down to.
That's profound, man.
We're all mighty fucking roaches.
Muy profundo.
If the sex goddesses think we're insects, why are they willing to have sex with us?
Do they have, like, an insect fetish?
It's not that they want to.
Yeah, really.
It's not that they want to have sex with us.
Well, they're going to use us for their amusement.
But they have powers of illusion, and it will seem to some of us like it's a sex thing, but it's really not.
They're really just going to crush us under the grill.
They're really just going to crush us.
I'm sorry.
Well, we'll be getting screwed either way.
Some ways are fine.
Yep, yep.
Tender as a cotton tan.
And we got a savor from those girls.
Boy, you're going to love it.






Ugh, you're the worst kind of autistic.
You can't even count.
Good luck with the angry mob, Bob!
Leave me alone!
Bob!
Come inside.
I like men with big appetites.
Only I could never find one to match mine.
Well, now here's something you'll really enjoy.
138 Smith & Wesson Revolver.
Condition good.
Five rounds of 158 grain.
But each other ammo.
Number of rounds fired by combat forces.
Seven rounds.
As for being brainwashed, the idea is ridiculous to the point of being beyond belief.
We were speaking of belief.
Beliefs and conditioning.
All belief possibly could be said to be the result of some conditioning.
Thus, the study of history is simply the study of one system of beliefs deposing another.
What cut they get?
Oh, no.
What cut they get?
Oh, no.
Bob, no.
They ain't getting no cut.
No percentage.
Zero percentage.
Zero.
No dough.
Angry, heavy metal subculture.
Where were the parents?
Violent movies.
So fun.
Video.
Bob, I'm everywhere!
Television.
Entertainment.
Bum.
I almost forgot.
A letter from Bob.
The year 1984 is over, and we lost.
Sure, it all seemed perfect.
We all have our ID number.
We all pay our taxes.
We all watch our television.
We all take the medication prescribed by our employer.
But do we have any real choice?
All the soft drinks seem the same.
All the hamburgers look alike.
And all the politicians speak the same nonsense.
Listen to the lawmakers enough, and you'll start to believe that you should take your
soma and be happy to be a beta.
Take too much soma, and you'll start to enjoy daytime talk shows.
Possibly they'll be the same.












But you'll be the only example in our civilization where we have too much choice.
The selection of the choices is the same as the selection of the decisions.
You control the choices, and you control the outcomes.
Eliminate the choices altogether, and you have high school.
Now all of you voters had better behave, or I'll pull this country over to the curb and
we'll wait a while until you can act straight.
Take a number at the deli.
Press 1 to get your balance.
Sign the form and initial here.
And each decision roots you down a tunnel which ultimately puts you exactly where they
want you.
The only way out of this box in which X only takes the center square when they wanted to
is to make your own decisions.
When the machine says choose 1, 2, or 3, pick 4 right outside the lines.
Fail to fully fill the circle with a number 2 pencil.
Don't use a ballpoint pen.
And most importantly, fold, crumple, and mutilate that form.
Failure to do so will relegate us and our descendants to a lifetime of tyranny.
Why should man be free?
Freedom is the only thing worth dying for.
It's the only thing worth dying for.
There are people, and people should be free.
Freedom's a thing you have to deserve.
You have to work for it.
Without freedom, there's no reason to live.
But what is life if you're not free?
It's hardly life.
Without freedom, man can't exist properly.
A man has to be free because it's his nature to be free.
Well, I'm glad you said something because I totally forgot because I'm past my youth,
and we all forget.
Oh yeah, I always, you know, you know, I just forgot what I was talking about.
Well, you ain't dead yet, man.
Oh.
You still have it in you.
Whatever it is.
It's swollen now and it hurts, but it's swollen.
It's swollen now and has occasional diarrhea.
You know, I'm a very indecisive person.
I'm a very indecisive person.
I have a hard time making up my mind with a lot of things.
I have a lot of big life choices, and you know what people always tell me?
They just say, go with your gut.
But what if my gut can't make up its mind either?
You know, you ever had diarrhea and constipation at the same time?
You ever had diarrhea and constipation at the same time?
Even my gut can't make up its mind.
Well, at least you're consistently indecisive.
I know somebody else who's that way.
Me.
I just leave.
I just leave.
I just stay angry from the other room.
I just stay angry from the other room.
Stan deals with these people like us all the time.
Stan deals with these people like us all the time.
Like right now, he's talking about somebody he's with all the time.
He just hates it, too.
He just hates it, too.
It's just like, well, why can't he?
Well, we would just as soon say back to Stan, under such conditions,
it's what I was going to say.
How come you can make up your mind so easily?
Don't you see the infinite possibilities we can explore?
Don't you see the infinite possibilities we can explore?
Don't you see the infinite possibilities we can explore?
There are infinite possibilities, indeed.
The trick is to not care.
The trick is to not care what happens.
You're making a rough guess of what's going to happen next after this choice you make.
What you mean is a coin that's the same on both sides,
where it always comes with heads, no matter how you flip it?
That can solve a lot of problems right there.
Well, I'll tell you what.
If you ever find yourself flipping a coin,
and then you see the result and you say two out of three,
then you know what you really wanted.
Right. Yeah, exactly.
Well, that's the same way if you have the double-headed coin,
you go heads like wind tails, you lose, you'll always win.
But you'll kind of automatically pick the one you hope is going to come up.
The two-headed coin, man.
How does this principle apply to the magic eight ball?
The magic eight ball is a piece of commercial junk.
Well, yeah, but at the same time,
it's every bit as effective as, say, the I Ching
or older prognosticative techniques.
Is that a D20 inside the crystal ball?
Are they like not today or something?
I forget what some of...
Right.
You know,
sometimes it would say yes, definitely.
And other times it would go,
need more time to consider.
You just keep asking.
Why not use a brand new electronic Ouija board now?
The new ones they've got and stuff that can light up and everything.
Why not just do that?
Ask the spirits to choose.
They're different.
They have normal way, of course,
but, you know,
something they can relate to.
I hate to say it,
but I saw the other day in the store,
in lieu of,
the magic eight ball,
I saw a magic Batman head and a magic Iron Man head.
You would shake Batman's head and said,
well, should I ask her out or not?
Yeah.
Oh man, we need to shake his dang head.
Like we need a dang bobble head.
Plus that's also, you can ask questions.
Well, you'd swing it around by the ponytail.
You wouldn't shake it.
You'd swing it around like a robot.
You know, and, uh,
and it would always give you a vague answer that would really kind of mean anything.
I like the real magic eight ball.
You'd be forced to make up your own mind.
I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created.
I tell you that.
Obama is going to be out playing golf.
He might even be on one of my courses.
I would invite him.
I actually would say,
I'm not saying they're stupid.
I like China.
I just sold an apartment for $15 million to somebody from China.
Am I supposed to dislike them?
But we don't know because we have no protection.
Islamic terrorism is eating up large portions of the Middle East.
They become rich.
I'm in competition with them.
They just built a hotel.
In Syria.
Can you believe this?
We have losers.
We have losers.
We have people that don't have it.
We have people that are morally corrupt.
I'm really rich.
I'll show you that in a second.
I have a net worth.
I'm not doing that to brag because you know what?
I don't have to brag.
I don't have to believe it or not.
I think I am a nice person.
People that know me like me.
Well, that just goes to show you how insane our political culture has become.
Well, he's got us talking about it, hasn't he?
What are you talking about right now?
The lack of intelligence?
We're talking about Trump.
Therefore, he wins.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, here's the okay.
Because he's a winner and we're all losers.
Oh, here are the 20 answers inside a magic eight ball.
Okay.
I'm not going to give all 20.
But here are some of the answers skin Flint.
It is certain.
It is decidedly.
So outlook good signs point.
Yes.
Then there's the other category reply.
Hazy try again better not tell you now.
I like that one.
Concentrate and ask again and then the negative ones are don't count on it.
My reply is no my sources say no.
That's kind of creepy.
Be coming from a Ouija board.
But out of all of those 20 answers 10 are positive fiber negative and five are neutral.
Well, these are all mind control techniques developed in Langley and then skewed is inherently
skewed towards positivism.
Well, these are like ticker ticker words.
These degenerate certain spot in the nucleus of the person's brain and and suddenly.
They will pick up an AK-47 and run down the street saying, you know, shouting weird epithets to the wind.
I think I'm pretty sure this is how they do it.
Jerry stuck your ear up to one of them little, you know, crystal ball oracles and stuff.
This is really in there doing the talking.
I actually own a crystal ball.
I can see you with the turbine and stuff.
I look pretty good in a turbine.
That's one of the few good things about getting older.
I look better in a turbine now.
In my 30s than I did as a teenager or 20 something.
Yeah, it kind of looks like Omar Sharif on acid.
Omar Sharif on acid.
Oh, that's down the mystic smoking head of Bob magic Oracle.
It has answered over a million questions.
One million, six hundred and twenty five thousand.
Three repeating repeating and repeating and repeating and repeating and repeating and repeating and repeating
and repeating and repeating and repeating and repeating and repeating and repeating and repeating.
They listen to your calls and they film you in the stalls
They track your every move just so they can prove
They know your name, they know your face
You're just a number in their super database
Climb to a similar place
Climbing up the walls of suburban shopping malls
They're kicking down the door of your local dollar store
They know your name, they know your face
You're just a number in their super database
Climb to a similar place
You're just a number in their super database
You're just a number in their super database
They know your name, they know your face
You're just a number in their super database
Climb to a similar place
Climb to a similar place
Now is the time to a similar place
Now is the time to a similar place
So please don't do that
Please don't scare anybody else
And I thought, walking in with your, you know
And I thought all this time it was required by law to carry a gun
Yeah at this point it's really kind of confusing
You must wear your weapon, your concealed weapon
On the outside of your body
My body itself is a lethal weapon
That's what I was just thinking about
You could spit bullets out of your belly button
Since you've had a shower, Dr. Sinister, that's terrible.
It's only been a couple weeks.
They call them golden showers.
No, but seriously, it's guns all the way down here in North Texas.
In fact, my two grandchildren got their first rifle for Christmas.
I'm not kidding.
Yeah, a little .22, a nice little .22.
They've been getting gun safety lessons.
Is it bolt-action?
I haven't had any gun safety lessons, but nobody gave me a rifle.
In fact, they couldn't find a way.
You were a seditious thing.
You were like a Yankee lover or something.
You were oddball.
We loved everybody.
You were a cosmopolitan type of person.
Everybody else was like rustic devils and whatnot.
Especially when they put on those...
They pretend like they're...
They're Welsh miners or something.
But that's something else, I guess.
Okay.
I could smell his feet from miles away.
Everybody could.
You know, it's hard work.
When will the people wake up?
What do I do?
Do I put her in jail or do I buy her a tombstone?
Bleeding sensitivity that he unfurls like a flag.
Because he's such a rather dull, quite uninspired, average type guy.
With an appetite.
They didn't do it quick enough.
Now he's like caught in between some weird, goofy place.
He can't figure out what to do.
He's damned if he doesn't.
He's damned if he does.
It isn't quite as simple as we'd like it to be.
But I hope it makes you very rich.
Harry, I am out of control.
Yeah, I use drugs. I can do what I want.
People still smoke that.
That weird shit around here.
But you still get high around here, yeah?
In cases countries recovering from war suffer from extremely high unemployment,
environmental illness, limited access to resources, and an absence of democracy.
You're all shook up, aren't you, baby?
We're given this gift, don't you know?
The ability to understand if no one wants to understand.
What do you dream of when you imagine a perfect life of wealth and success?
Freedom.
Free from financial worries.
A new car.
The home of your dreams.
Early retirement.
Or just the comfort of knowing that you're financially independent and completely debt-free.
Now all this and more can be yours once you've got the power to have it all.
I predict public executions will be shown on television sponsored by your local gas company.
Securing the faith that the future is filled with good things for you and yours.
I predict that LSD, marijuana, and speed can change your sex.
In it, he demonstrates how the power of the future is a key to success.
He demonstrates how anyone can acquire tremendous wealth without special training, without inside connections, and most amazingly, without any money of their own.
He's turned the art of being rich and successful into a simple and repeatable formula that's changing people's lives in record numbers.
A true formula is both predictable and repeatable in its results.
When will the people wake up?
The effect of a bug.
In its results.
This is bug.
Money everywhere and still not enough.
And then no money, or little money, or less money, or more money.
But money.
Always money.
And if you have money or you don't have money, it's the money that counts.
And money makes money.
But what makes money make money?
Double the silos and double the bucket.
I doubled my income.
I doubled my income.
More than tripled.
I quadrupled my income.
I literally multiplied my income by about eight times.
And now I am a millionaire and getting close to being a multi-millionaire.
And my income has gone from $151,000 to as much as $14 million in one year.
The money that you'll spend on this program will come back to you thousands of dollars.





I've never been a millionaire in a decade.
This is a mil 걔 grill.



Now, I've changed for better.


Four differentadow, pior, and Kerri only wowed at making money using less money than



do.
And now y'all get fucking free from this book piece.
I even read more people's news now if you don't live enough and go home through
the work model.
I still go to the movies with my next word, right after Dead in出 soil.
I get it.
So, hey, we got another caller here.
Where's the sub-tire?
I'm taking a chance here with this caller.
Hello, you're on the air.
Okay, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
You guys are fascists.
That's right.
Hey, at least our trains run on time.
You got it, buddy.
We are fascists, and you're the next one into the camps.
Fascist pigs.
No, I like fascists.
You do, huh?
Have you ever heard that phrase?
Fascist pigs.
Fascist pigs.
You know, the modernist movement was quite fond of...
I thought it was the modernists.
No, it was the futureists.
You know what?
You might be right.
You're a German expressionist, my lad.
I liked the technocrats.
Those were my favorite.
That was my favorite cult movement.
They had one of their first places out here in northeastern Ohio.
And my parents knew their parents,
and they believed that machines were going to take over the world
and that it was going to be a good thing for everybody.
The technocrats?
Yes.
Is that who you're talking about?
Technocracy and technocrats, yes.
The actual group.
The group.
Technocracy, or whatever they called it.
Right.
Yeah, that was a little-known cultish movement of intellectuals and would-be technocrats.
Well, the greatest trick the technocracy ever pulled on us
was convincing us that they had gone away.
They actually took over.
Oh, is that it?
It's their world.
We just live in it.
Well, there were a number of reasons that their particular little society didn't take off.
For one thing, they insisted...
They insisted everybody wear gray suits.
Right.
And they had a strangely Nazi-like set of rules
that just didn't sit well with Americans after World War II.
Although it has come back into style.
It might be, judging by what you see in politics these days,
I would say it was time for the technocrats to come back.
Would they allow you at least to pick which shade of gray you wanted to wear?
No.
Because I look better in darker gray.
It was inefficient, you see.
To...
For people to, you know, show off and wear different colored things.
So everybody...
They were kind of like a computerized Amish.
It was very strange.
Yeah.
They didn't have computers because the technocrats were before the Internet.
That was another reason that they didn't really make it.
And they also used to wear these pins that were the yin-yang sign,
which, you know, was the first time I ever saw the yin-yang sign.
I thought, oh, it's the technocracy.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.

Gray and red.
Chaos.
I guess the gray machine part.
Chaos.
You guys promote chaos.
Chaos.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I can say words over and over again, too.
It's fine.
Why do you guys talk about circling nothingness of endless confusion?
Maybe you're just too feeble-minded to wrap your brain around these supreme,
mysteries and truths that we have uncovered.
This is like, so you drop acid and then you just talk about, I like it.
Don't get me wrong.
I like it.
No, no, no.
We drink tons and tons of beer, then wine, then hard liquor.
And then we get on the radio.
Can you tell?
Seems like you can be tuned into that kind of thing.
And a couple of quaaludes doesn't hurt.
Tune in.
We're doing it just for you, man.
I know.
So that you can understand us.
I used to, I know.
We're trying to drag our IQs down as far as we can so that we can be popular.
It's not working.
I'm surprised you haven't really talked this long.
There's just not enough advertising space for the whole monkey to go around.
Yes, you have definitely exposed me as a closet fascist.
But now I guess it's out in the open.
Hello, you're on the air.
I for one welcome our fascist overlords with open arms.
With open arms.
Welcome to the closet.
Good idea.
That's a really pretty smart approach.
Yep, it's a good way of getting back.
Timber with arms open.
Most of us in the manual doesn't say how to get the hell out of here.
But at least if you hold your head down and you worship the fine leadership of a pew,
an oligarchy, perhaps a business oligarchy, perhaps war profiteers and us together,
I don't know.
Can make a lot of sense.
La la la la.
Mm.
Little bird with one in my head.
I'm sorry.
It's okay, guys.
It's all right.
It's not okay.
Stan, I know it's not.
But you can say that.
Oh, yeah.
I think, you know, welcome a fascist with open arms and they won't kill you.
I know, but I think we're complaining.
Hello, you're on the air.
My nature.
How can you be in two places at once when you're not anywhere?
Where?
At all.
Oh, I remember those guys.
That is one of the last ones.
Just that color was old, really old.
Because you remember the fire sign theater, Mr.
Schumer?
Yeah.
There's a lot of people who never even heard of the fire sign theater.
You know, they memorized every Monty Python line, Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
It plus all the new cool comedy stuff.
Never, ever heard of fire sign theater.
In fact, I.
I had to school a person in that the other day, brutally.
Mm-hmm.
Brutally.
I knew you were going to add that part because sometimes school and news are sparing the
rod and you will.
Well, they weren't interested.
They thought, well, if it was cool, I'd already know about it.
So I beat it into their heads.
They didn't know everything yet.
We'll make you like it.
And they thanked me in the end.
And now they call radio shows, quoting fire sign theater and singing their little slogans
and songs.
Just like when they call, they get on the subgenius Facebook page and go, too much
is more than not enough, lol.
Pull the wool on my own eyes, lol.
Praise Bob.
And they can't even spell Bob right.
What are they teaching the kids in school these days, huh?
Is our children learning?
They teach them creationism, fascism and false American history.
The same kind of.
They used to teach back in 1950.
Yep.
That's what they're teaching now.
I can attest to that.
Except for on the college and university level, you get quite an eye-opening.
In a college university, everybody's Marxist.
Every single professor in college is a deadly Marxist evil man.
They're turning our children into homosexuals and other worse things.
I know about this because all my friends said so.
Not that they've ever been to college, but they know.
Because they're not.
Because they've heard it on the show.
No, not that they were actually my friends.
They were antagonistic.
They get the college news from TV, don't you see?
They say they know.
But you're telling me a news network is going to lie?
Well, it wouldn't be news.
It'd be entertainment.
Well, that'd be crazy.
Yeah, they'd just be a bunch of laughing baboons.
They're just there to sell ads to the dumbest people in the universe.
And we're not one of them.
We're never going to make any money this way.
Selling complex thoughts to the poorest people in the universe.
What were we thinking?
Sell dumb stuff to rich people.
That's the idea.
Yeah.
That's why Bob is the sign of sales and we're just followers of him.
That's right.
That's it.
Simple as that.
I've seen recent sussing of such a degree now.
I see people that I knew as foremost into my mind as martial artists and great creators
of unusual objects, usually someplace miles and miles away from any earthly abode and
stuff like that.
And they've learned to tailor their markets just like their haircuts to their clientele,
then to tell them.
And they're fine.
A clientele, carbon niche and covered up with mud.
I'm sorry.
But I agree.
That's what I'm saying.
I agree.
Now, David, have you been taking seriously my suggestion of if you can't find news to
report on, make some news, you know, make something happen that is exciting and, you
know, if it bleeds, it leads.
Right.
Right.
Something bleeding.
With my no neo-Marxist beliefs, I could probably, you know, be accused of all kinds of things.
I just thought something.
UFOs.
Everybody loves UFOs and Bigfoots.
Find some co-bucker who's willing to, who has seen a big UFO or a Bigfoot.
Do a story about them.
I've got a bunch of wild shots, man.
I've got, I got a whole stock full of wild shots and they all have these big blind shots
with Stalin's face on it.
Or any other hero.
I mean, he was one of the heroes of the revolution, even though he wasn't one.
He was a British agent for a long time.
Well, that's news, right?
Yeah.
I mean, you have to provide stories.
Well, you know, make some up.
Yeah.
That's what the big guys do.
That's what, I mean, look, that's what the biggest networks in America do.
They just make stuff up and everybody, you know, sounds good.
People believe it.
They're pulling wool over their own eyes.
That is very true.
That is very true.
And then the spinmeisters take off from there because everything, the consensus has been
prearranged and driven by market forces beyond our control, especially if we have no more
power control like many, so many people do nowadays from the nuclear waste and the pollinator
flowers.
I do wonder how it is that so many pundits manage to stay in business when they are consistently
wrong in their predictions all the time.
It's in the hole.
Show me the money.
He's a liar!
Hello, gorgeous.
I know you are, but what am I?
You just put your lips together and blow.
Yeah, baby, yeah!
I don't have to show you any stinking lashes.
Go ahead.
Make my day.
We rob banks.
Pass in your seatbelt.
It's going to be a bumpy night.
I just don't want to grow anymore.
I don't want to grow anymore.
They call me Winnie the Pooh.











is living. Why don't you ask me what it feels like to be a freak? Ask me what it feels like
to be a freak. You do think I'm a freak, don't you? But you want to know something? With
me, it's different. I think you're the freak. I think you're the one that's different.
Can you dig that? Yeah, man, I can dig it. You got your shit? Yeah, I got it. Well, I
got mine. So come on. These new ways, all this paper, all these machines, they record
everything. They tell me nothing.
You're all shook up, aren't you, David? You're all shook up, aren't you, David? You've got
a weird sense of humor. Try again. I get funnier. Look, I don't know what the hell your point
is, but I don't. The point is of no return, and you've reached it. He's got a thing for
women. A rising tide of fascism lifts all boats. Unless it's one of those rafts that
the Syrian refugees are coming to Europe on.
I can tell you're all getting a rise out of fascism.
I don't find it amusing, though. I'm serious about some things. Human suffering? Ha! Who
cares about that? My goats, that's all I care about. My little baby, baby goats.
You have a goat? No.
I realized when I said goat, I was going to say, can I borrow it?
I'm a liar because of the family goat.
Why a goat as opposed to why a duck and the other transmissions.
Yeah, if you're going to do it right, take it deeper. Take it deeper and just, you know,
go keep walking. Just keep walking until you get lost, but then you find your way eventually.
You know, the funny thing is if I took off walking just due west, I'd run into a goat
farm in about 10 minutes.
Right.
I'd be surrounded by goats. So when you talk about fascism being a problem, man, just try
living among the goats. Try being a goat boy.
They're very flat-sounding, aren't they?
Yeah, in the morning... I mean, their horns are huge, and they're also easily aroused.
And they eat anything.
They're always climbing.
Yep, they're very hersine.
I think caller number three is crying.
One of my favorite things about this podcast is that it's a great way to get to know the

One of the favorite words in the English language is hersine. H-I-R-C-I-N-E. It means goat-like,
especially in odor.
Oh, I'll have to remember that one. That would come in handy.
Anyway, it's fun to practice your fascism down on the goat farm. You know, you stand
out and just make speeches and say, I'm going to make goat land great. I'm going to make

them great.
Our thick fur has been walking around today.

And when you say, again, just the right way. Boy, the goats all just faint. They fall down.
They're so thrilled.
These are Tennessee fainting goats, so they're designed to do that as sacrifices. But it
works. That's the point. Fascism works, man. The trains run on time. The bouffant hairdos
get booffed up. And the babies get kissed on the forehead.
Well, Mussolini shaved his head.
He's a slobbering butt-mouthed people.
Yeah, the cheese.
The cheese is great.
The fascist cheese.
I don't like regular goat cheese.
But see, we can't find any Mussolini or Hitler to condone or condemn anymore
because the leaders of this oligarchy are much shadowier.
I don't think they're all that shadowy.
I think they're operating right in the open.
Do you really?
Oh, yeah.
But yeah, at this point, why not?
It actually sells.
You can sell a hell of a lot of Make America Great Again hats.
Just think of all the sporting events.
All have these big Army and Navy and Marine Corps advertisements constantly
more than anybody else even beer.
I wondered what that was all about.
What?
You watch commercial?
Well, I think they're getting rid of World War III
because...
Because Iran and Saudi Arabia don't like each other, as everybody knows.
But as this cover comes off, everybody's like,
oh, that means...
Yeah, because we're allied with the Saudis
and the Iranians are different than them and they're different.
Right.
It's complicated, isn't it?
Yes.
And yet it's quite simple when you look at it with the eye of perhaps a war profiteer.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
That's the idea.
Do you have any of those eyes of war profiteers around that I could borrow, Dave?
Because I think it would do the church good.
That's it.
Church of the subgenius needs to start a war for profit.
Yep.
Well, we tried the war against God, but that's more of a philosophical thing to amuse God.
We're not seriously spending any big money on that.
Yeah, that's what they call asymmetricism.
That's definitely some asymmetric warfare there.
Extremely, yeah.
But that's kind of the point of it.
Now, as far as real wars go...
The noble lost cause.
You know that I can say this to ensure disbelief,
because I'm saying it on a silly college radio show,
but the church actually does have four nuclear weapons.
We used to have five.
Actually, we had seven at one point, but we...
I can't actually say.
I know.
It happened to two of them, and one broke.
But we have four working ones.
How many Disneylands are there now in the USA?
Six or seven Disneyland now.
Oh, that's...
Disneyland.
We're going to need at least two more of those nukes.
And they're hard to get, because, you know, the Al-Qaeda...
The Al-Qaeda and the ISILs have a lot more money to put into it,
and the church of the subgeniuses.
You know, we still only charge what we used to charge for membership,
and ISIS is now a lot more expensive.
The Al-Qaeda used to be only $30 a joint.
How much are they charging, Stan?
I believe the Second Amendment gives every American the right
to have a nuclear missile silo in their backyard.
I think that's...
And libertarians say they want to privatize everything except the military.
Well, come on.
Why should I be paying taxes to defend you?
No, man.
If I want to be defended, I'll defend myself.
Thank you very much.
Corporations are the same as individuals.
I mean, think of Scalia's pronouncements and that coming about.
And does that mean that corporations have the Second Amendment?
They have, number one, the freedom of...
And governments are individuals now.
They've ruled.
Oh, no.
Yeah, so governments can now have religious beliefs,
just like corporations can't.
So no more Planned Parenthood,
or...
birth control for anybody
under the new government law.
Since government can be an individual,
and the individual has personal Christian beliefs, right?
Then the government, obviously, the U.S.
As they've been saying for a long time on talk radio,
America was founded entirely by religious, not Christians.
And it's written into the Constitution
that you have to worship,
one Christian God, obviously.
Right?
That's what they keep telling me.
Yeah, I get some of that.

I haven't looked at the document myself,
but I'll take the word for it,
because, like, again,
if somebody's on television or the radio,
are they really going to just lie or be wrong?
Give me a break.
Only if it's the liberal media.
Most scientists and stuff.
Let's take another caller here real quick.
What do scientists know?
They keep changing their minds.
That's what you said wrong.
What the hell is sciences?
Let's take another caller here real quick.
Hello, you're on the air.
They don't even have to get a third degree about it.
Hello, you're on the air.
Hello.
Hello, you have a nuclear weapon for sale?
You want nukes?
I can get you nukes.
Hello, Bob.
I don't like to buy.
No, we're trying to buy nuclear weapons.
Oh, man.
Like I said, I know a guy who knows a guy who knows a guy.
I can get you nukes.
Hey, I know a guy down on 57th and Superior.
What's his name?


Shell Station.
He can sell you a nuke.
Yeah?
Oh, man.
See, Stan, you never think of possibilities like that,
like open street market warfare.
You can buy plutonium at any corner drugstore nowadays.
Yeah, man.
Don't worry about having somebody spend a lot of money on you.
Just go and talk to Frank.
No, man.
No, no, no.
If things are more expensive, that means they're better.
If you can get something cheap nearby from mom and pop store,
that's not nearly as good as getting something from,
that's more expensive from a bigger company like, you know, GovMart.
Oh, yeah.
Amazon charges you up the wazoo when they ship it.
And they cut one of their breasts off so that they can fire Buzz Narrows better.
It's crazy.
What kind of business model is that?
Next, they're going to use drones to deliver stuff.
On drones.
On drones.
To deliver Amazon packages.
They'll even cut the breasts off the drones.
Yeah, there'd be so less.
Well, there's no paperwork anyway,
but there'd be so much less, you know, red tape, I guess.
Well, and only one breast per Amazon.
Such a waste.
What do they do with them?
These can have as many as five nowadays.
They're bred right.
If they're, you know, left under the right environmental conditions for long enough.
But who'd want five breasts and three stumps for an arm anyway?
What do they do?
What do they do with the extra breast?
Well, you would think that they would give them, you know,
donate them to flat-breasted Slovenians or something,
but I think there's some law that says they have to throw them away
because they might get sued, you know, if one of them goes wrong.
Supposed to make soap out of them or candles.
That's why you have to throw away perfectly good food in the United States
because it's not in the right box anymore.
If you can't give it to the poor, can't sell it, it might be bruised.
And then the poor person would sue you with their lawyers.
All the contradictions, I swear.
I just get confused.
And they keep contradicting themselves more and more every daily.
You know, I just think of the Iraqis and the Iranians
fighting the Slovakians in 1292
when the Crusaders first invaded Europe.
It goes all the way back to that.
And what's the difference between Iraq?
And Iran.
And Kiev.
Bring back the Ottoman Empire.
Seriously.
The Ottomans were great philosophers.
I guess Patti LaRouche and Francoise Truffaut.
No, those are French names.
What's Solzhenitsyn and Seljman Oligarchs?
You know what I don't understand?
Why did they wait until after the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire?
Why did they wait?
Why did they wait until after the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire
to change the capital city name to Istanbul?
You'd think that they would have done that
like right after they took over Constantinople.
Since it was named after like a Christian saint, emperor, you know.
You'd think they would have changed the name as soon as they took over.
He changed the reincarnation.
He shot of Christianity so he could have a military empire.
That's a well-known fact among people who think a lot of stuff like that.
They changed the name of St. Petersburg.
Well, they had to be.
For political reasons.
Yeah.
It wasn't PC.
You know, because PC, that's what's destroying America.
That means global warming, right?
PC is destroying America.
I get confused.
Destroy America?
No.
The Peace Corps.
Talking politically correct.
You know, like talking about global warming
as if it was real.
That's not PC.
So you're not supposed to talk that way.
Well, it's certainly not.
That's what was destroying America was PC talk.
Mm-hmm.
If you talk about diversity, that's not PC.
Unless you're a diversionist.
Most people don't want to do anything but sit around and loaf and put their feet on the wall.
Right. They want diversions. Sure.
That's cool.
Diversion.
Cakes.
Yeah.
They're different snacks you get at the fair sometimes if there is such a thing.
We hate humanses.
We hate humanses.
We hate demonkeeps.
We love demonkeeps, don't we?
Well, I have a Christmas wish.
All right.
My wish for Christmas is that No Money Mark becomes way too much Money Mark and has to
give it away to charities like me.
Well, yeah, I would give away most of it.
Yeah, if you get rich, you should give all the other callers to this show, especially
Dr. Sinister, one tithing amount of 10% of your annual salary to be deferred in increments
of 26 and 32.
Can I just go to his table?
I have something.
I have something important to you.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
No, no.
I insist.
After you.
I have something.

I would give you.
You know why?
You know why?
You know why nice guys finish last?
Why?
Because they're always saying, after you.
Anyway, I was talking earlier about the Oracle, the magic eight ball Bob that's on the internet,
and I found it.
It's still there.
I Googled Bob Dobbs, the resort.
But if you Google Bob Dobbs, the ultimate Oracle or head of Bob, the ultimate Oracle,
you'll find it.
And I asked it is Dr. Sinister and it said yes, definitely.
Is Dr. Sinister and it said yes, definitely.
I'm asking it should I change the dial and it says yes.
You should have taken the Oracle's advice several minutes ago.
No, I just now asked it and it said I should change the dial.
Oh, hey, hey, don't touch it.
I'm coming.
Hey, don't touch it.
Don't touch that dial.
We got a big steaming pile of crap coming down the pike for you.
You don't want to miss crap radio, do you?
Oh, no.
Of course not.
I'm coming, Red.
I'll get that.
That's why you've got to stay tuned.
Gentlemen, I want to thank you for your calls tonight.
Nominee Mark, Reverend Stang, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, and I hope I will keep in touch with
all of you and we'll talk to you next week.
Merry Xmas.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Merry Xmas.
And don't forget, all right?
The Xmas is not the same as X Day.
It's not the same thing, all right?
And the reason they call it Christmas is because the angel came down and announced to the Virgin
Mary that she was carrying the Savior of mankind, the Messiah, or the Christ, all right?
But they knew that she hadn't been with a man.
They knew she was a virgin.
So how could she be pregnant?
It was cancer.
It was cancer.
It was the Christ mass growing in her abdomen.
And that is where the term Christmas came from.
We also knew that he was the Messiah because he was actually born circumcised.
We know this, too.
It is written.
How else?
How else could you know?
And how could you try and cut anything off a perfect man?
Anyway, right?
Thank you, Dr. Sinister, for letting us use three of your shows from WCSB.
Thank you, The Fantastic Plastics, for that song, Time to Assimilate, that we heard earlier.
The Fantastic Plastics.
And thank you, Reverend Chris Blatter, also known as Cool Hand Chris, for all of the collages
used in tonight's show.
Praise Bob.
You've been listening to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
For free information, write to P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Or see www.clevelandheights.org.
Subgenius.com.
Praise Bob.
Friends, now for you listening only by internet, not by broadcast radio where this would be
illegal.
We're going to play one of our favorite cuts by the great Rudy Ray Moore from his album,
Dolomite for President.
Now, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Dolomite for President podcast.
It's my pleasure to bring to you somebody that's for the real people, the down people,
the whores, the pimps, the man that's going to do the best he can, the man, Dolomite.
Thank you, brothers and sisters of the Fast Freedom fucking party for nominating me, Dolomite,
for your president.
I'm not going to lie to you like the rest of those motherfuckers.
I'm not promising you a chicken in every pot.
I'm not coming to you with no heavy heart.
I'm not promising to make every motherfucking thing perfectly clear.
I'm not promising you a goddamn thing.
But if I am elected, I promise to legalize prostitution.

Legalize marijuana.
Legalize stealing.
And any other motherfucking thing you want to do.
I'm going to bring this motherfucker up or all the way down.
You heard me and you heard me right.
I'm going to be running this country as president.
Dolomite.
You can bet your sweet head I'm going to legalize crime.
Yes, I'll have a constitution to legalize prostitution.
To all whores, sell your pussy.
If it's bad pussy, sell it.
If it's good pussy, sell it.
If it's just a little shit, sell it.

If it's juicy pussy, sell it.
If it's skinny pussy, sell it.
If it's dry pussy, wet that motherfucking celly.
And I'm going to tell you fellas, sell your dicks.
If you can't sell them, leave them hanging.
If it's a big dick, sell it.
If it's a little dick, sell it.
If it's a knob, sell it.
Even if you got one of them chitlin' dicks,
beat that motherfuckin', try to get it hard enough to sell.
The reason why I tell you fellas to sell,
cause if you hump free, you are going to get musky.
Can you dig it?
And I would not lie to you baby.
Yes, whores won't pay no tax.
I'm going to take that shit off their backs.
I'm going to see that all of you,
all pimps and preys, have two brand new Cadillacs.
So vote for me and set the back man free.
Yes baby, when we take over, we're not going to get rid of all whites.
We'll need workers, baby.
We'll need somebody to harvest the watermelons and clean the chitlins.
I would not lie to you.
Now that shit about bussin' has got everybody cussin'.
I'm damn near ready to bite.
I want an education for the whole goddamn nature.
And especially sex education at night.
Can you dig it?
Just to keep the shit straight,
I'd like to tell you about my opposing candidate.
Dick Agnew.
Sounds just like shit.
I don't know whether to vomit or shit.
Dick Agnew sounds like a bad disease.
Both of them motherfuckers together will knock you dead on your knees.
A young man went to the doctor just the other day,
and the doctor said,
young man, for your case, there's nothing I can do.
Because baby, you got a bad case of that motherfuckin' disease
called a Dick Agnew.
Now you take McGovern.
Promises, promises, promises.
Promisin' poor people one thousand dollars.
He must think that we are goddamn fools.
We still waitin' for that forty acres and that motherfuckin' meal.
McGovern, I'd like to put my foot in his ass.
And let him suffer from constipation
while I tell him about all them jive-ass promises that they made in the past.
Sister Chisholm,
if that's a lady with a lot of clout,
I'm gonna get her to teach me for downright real politics
so I can tell all them jive motherfuckers to kiss my black ass.
The old, neat-headed hump.
Dear, dear hump,
you always ready to run.
All right.
You must be a tired, disgusted, old, molded,
ancient, decrepit, rheumatism-toting motherfucker.
Cause you ain't never one.
I'm gonna give you a map to the shithouse.
Dress you up in a pair of red lace-trimmed drawers.
And put some shit paper in your hand.
Cause you're gonna have the running shit
when you find out
that I've been elected the mayor.
I'm gonna get my satisfaction.
I'm gonna give this country some action.
I'm cutting off old Agnew's trip.
I'm gonna button up his lips.
Kick him in the ass.
And give him a night job pumping gas.
I'm gonna get down with the cabinet.
And fact about it, I'm goddamn mad enough to fight.
The first thing I got to do for my black ass
is straighten out the civil rights.
The new civil rights bill is gonna be down and funky.
It'll open up more doors for pimps and whores.
And find a permanent cure for all junkies.
The next thing I'm gonna do,
I'm gonna move on my first act.
I'm gonna get me two thousand raggedy ass painters
to paint the motherfucking White House black.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
Black dirty purges,
hark back,
black and wharton,
philip muck and burton,
perkaluma,
burton,
dutch,
musk,
metal.
B-O-B.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show.
And we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
And not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
But if you truly love Bob,
and want some of that slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com,
front page,
or especially the radio page,
or the catalog store pages,
and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty,
and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference,
even if it's only once a month,
from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
Oh, yeah.
All we're saying is that
blowjobs could go the way of Steve Jobs
if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to
Subgenius Foundation,
P.O. Box 181-417,
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be

If you ain't got no money,
make your broke ass hoes money show
if you ain't got no money,
make your broke ass hoes money show
if you ain't got no money,
it's your broke ass hoes
Subliminal Hypno Corporation
Subliminal Hypno Corporation
Free pills!
Sex, money, bar!
Free pills!
Sex, money, bar!
Free pills!
Sex, money, bar!
Kill me!
Sex, money, bar!
