The Subgenius Power of Squash!
It's hard to believe they were attacked by an owl.
Praise Bob.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob!
Bob?
Bob?
Bob!
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob!
God bless you, Lord.
Hopefully I won't make him menthol melted.
Once I cover you in blood and you go nuts aboutventh drive, I'll Dub raw.
Bob?

Bob, Bob, oh, oh, Bob.
Sadly he can't remember ALL songs.

You probably don't...
Bob?
Bob?
Bob, can you hear me? It's shruggin'!
Bob?
I guess I'll have a side of pancakes since
My drum was like dessert for dinner!
Water scrum!
I'm gonna have some of that, but what do you put on it?
What do you put on your pancakes?
It's on! It's all scrummy!
You put on the Mind Control Syrup!
An extra scrum.
To tell you a story, it's really delicious, you need to check it out.
Womblehouse.com, our new sponsor!
Thanks Womblehouse!
Love your Mind Control Syrup!
Bring on the aliens!
Thanks for wearing yellow!
Wear yellow so they can find you first!
That's it!
First ticket holder is a yellow-wearing ticket holder.
That is correct, sir.
I'm gonna drop there for all scrum sprinkles in your scramble!
If you ask the one who's in the middle of the phone for you in Alabama,
Womblehouse there will definitely serve you up some scrum scramble.
In your hash browns.
I'm not allowed in my own house for breakfast, so I head down to the only place in town.
Womblehouse!
Open 24 hours a day, and serving up the same shit from yesterday.
Oh my gosh, that's like it's opened all the time, almost!
Always busy, never working.
Call now!
Thorazine urine can be subscribed through your mobile cellular internet interactive device.
www.thorazineurine.com
Subscription fees may vary.
It's been too long.
It's been too long.
It's been too long since.
Too long.
It's been too long.
If you can't taste the syrup on the tongue, it's been too long.
If you're in control of your mind, it's the wrong person.
Go and have some Womblehouse mind control syrup tonight.
They're open, they're waiting for you.
Yes, you can bring your support parent,
your emotional support parent,
and welcome anyone to the house.
They're open.
They're open.
And there are many standard bathrooms.
Everyone is welcome to Womblehouse.
But not the one on 14th Street when you, uh,
I think that was in Dublin, Georgia.
The one on 14th Street.
Saving your ears from Dr. Degas all over the country.
All over the world.
All over the podcrest all the time.
Thank you, internet.
Have you stared at the phone tonight?
Have you stared at your phone tonight?
What?
I haven't stared at my phone tonight.
I'm concerned. I'm worried that things aren't happening that I know about.
Or I'll be like, whatever the fuck I'm missing out.
Is that what the F stands for?
Well none of it matters because all of your friends
who didn't pay a bob are gonna die and then you don't have to worry about their shit anymore.
That's very helpful.
You know, you're wrong from the beginning.
I don't even believe in the internet.
I don't think the internet is actually a thing.
You need to have your eyes checked, Julie.
But it exists for some reason.
Just because it's not real for you doesn't mean it's not real for everybody else.
You're just biased because you grew up in a pro-internet community.
You're just jealous because you couldn't try scrumming until you first ordered it from Amazon.com.
I was given a tool to abuse and I've horribly done that.
I think it's a good thing that everything that I, you know, the internet is a thing.
Yeah.
Friends, tonight we're playing some recordings from 19X Day,
our festival last summer.
We've been playing bits and pieces of it.
We call them 19X Day B.O. or Best Of.
There's a lot of scrum in the air tonight.
Different to ranting and jamming from the evening shows.
The daytime shows are more like the hour of slack in the last half when we talk.
But the nighttime shows are totally chaotic.
And it's a mess.
And insane.
Except when the occasional actual band plays.
But we're all members of this one big band which has a different name every X Day.
Not sure what it would be this time.
But when I'm involved, I like to think it's Vulcan Jedi Mentat is the name of the band.
And when it's just Princess Wee and me mainly, then it's Pooh Watertel.
Anyway, we're about to hear some jamming and ranting.
This one unfortunately is a good example of what happens when I get up away from the sound booth and the mix board
and get on stage and rant myself.
Because when the second guitarist decided to join in, there was no one at the mix board to turn it down.
So there's a little bit of that in here.
So that's what we're doing tonight.
We're back at 19X Day.
Oh no, oh no.
I'm sorry.
Groupies must leave the stage.
You can't all have sex with Reverend Ivan Stang.
I'm sorry.
We are his...
We're at his...
We are his minions.
Yes.
We are his fluffers.
Hi, Reverend Ivan Stangs.
You know, if I were to take you seriously, my job description would mean that I would spit in your face now.
Okay.
I was accused of spitting in the face of my followers.
Now that's a quote.
You spat in the face of your followers, unquote.
Now here's the thing.
What the fuck am I or any other subgenius supposed to do with any followers?
Spitting in the face is a perfectly acceptable option.
Followers?
No, we're not looking for finger suckers.
We're looking for people who know how to look, where the finger points, and we're looking for people who know how to draw.
Everybody's a damn art critic, but we're looking for people who know how to draw.
That sums up the church of the subgenius.
How to draw people?
No, just how to...
Draw flies?
Draw flies, draw customers, or draw pictures.
It's a metaphorical thing, Reverend Angry Larry.
I mean, we are actually looking for people who can draw pictures.
We're looking for people who can draw flies.
We're looking for people who can draw money.
All of those have uses within the church hierarchy.
But the big thing is money.
Well, no, that's not the big thing.
The big thing is slack.
Shitty.
We're hopefully we sell...
Slack.
Slack for money.
Or at least we sell the understanding or the...
Appreciation.
Yeah, that's the word.
The appreciation of slack is what we're selling.
It's 1140 at night.
The night before X day.
Yeah, so we can quit selling.
Anybody who is going to buy in already has or hasn't, fuck them if they can't take a joke.
But the more shit you bought today, the more likely you are to be accepted onto the ship.
Uh, yeah.
Yeah.
I'm sure of what he said.
Yes.
That's fine.
The more slack you get today, the more likely you are to be drawn upon the ship.
But really, that doesn't matter.
You spent your 35 bucks.
According to the rules, that's all you have to do.
And that's about the only rule.
The other one being fuck them if they can't take a joke.
And I'm moan make gobstown great again.
That's a one of a kind hat that Reverend Lee Carlton...
Oh, John, now I can't remember his proper church name.
Anyways, great guy.
And thank God I forgot the giant bottle of absinthe that he mailed to us from Switzerland.
Thank God in heaven and Dobbs in hell for that we forgot that giant bottle of absinthe
because oh my God, it would kill us all.
We'll save it for when Dr. Howell is in our home again, safe and sound aboard our saucers.
Well, really, it's faucets of absinthe.
And you don't get a hangover.
That's right.
On your saucer, what will you get?
Fountains of whatever drug you want with no negative side effects.
If you like drugs.
If you don't, you'll just be as high as you already were.
It's great.
The problem is do you have enough imagination and memory to think of all the things that you want?
Because you can get them.
If you don't have, if you're just so adjusted to this modern world that that's all you can really conceive of,
well, your escape saucer might look just like your crappy apartment.
Now, wouldn't that be a shame?
Yes, it would.
Well, friends, I suppose most of you don't have to worry about that because you've got pretty good imaginations despite all the pornography.
You've been watching Monster News all night.
You've been reading Price is Common first.
Underground is on the books.
The nuttiest shit you can find.
Acres and acres of nutty shit.
It's the stuff we call bull dada.
You can save all of your bull dada and preserve it aboard your straight vessels.
You can also beam up any kind of bull dada you want.
Yeah, things are great.
Things can bring slack.
But even with all the bullshit,
you'll find I'll bet you that the greatest slack of all is probably just the fact that you don't have to worry anymore.
You don't have to worry about money.
You don't have to worry about getting a date.
You don't have to worry about somebody paying attention to you.
You don't have to worry if anybody thinks you're smart.
You don't have to worry if you're ugly or stupid.
You don't have to worry about anything.
Because whatever you want, there it will be.
The trick is knowing what you want.
And the funny, funny, funny trick is if you really know what you want,
you might be able to get it whether the exes hand it to you or not.
You might even be able to get it for yourself.
Just imagine that without love, without the exes, without any stupid stuff.
You might actually be able to get it without any thought.
You might simply figure out what the hell you goddamn want.
Something to think about.
From Reverend Ivan Stan.
Thank you very much.
I would like to request Suzy to come on up here and go-go dance with us.
What are you talking about?
We're talking about the new interactive subgenius...
No one's talking to you!
I'm talking to me.
I think I'm the most interesting person here.
It's dark.
From PR News in Washington.
I'm not likely to move to the Senate.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said
But I will tell you this.
None of us here.
Kerry said that while the acknowledgement system is a framework
We don't have yet that framework.
The House has approved a bill that helps wealthier Democrats at the expense of the poorest working parents.
Because it hurts the poorest immigrant families and children.
The key proposals include closing PR News.
Republicans say this would eliminate PR News.
Bob!
Bob!
Bob, you're a hungry god!
You demand so much, but not that much.
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Where are all the Bobbies?
What if Bob was one of us?
Can I have some Bobbies, please?
Hey, Dr. Chagall.
It turns out we have a listener question that's coming specifically for you.
Yeah?
Yeah.
It's from Johnny J. Q. Smith.
Johnny J. Q. Smith in Detroit.
Asked you specifically, why do you have such a problem with scrum?
I don't have a problem with scrum.
I use more scrum than anybody else.
I'm sorry, I wasn't done reading the question.
Johnny J. Q. Smith in Detroit.
Dr. Chagall, why do you have such a problem with scrum and Japanese animation?
Well, who said I had a problem with the Japanese?
And the Japanese animation.
Apparently your scrum consumption with Japanese animation.
If you have a problem with Japanese animation, take a look at my Netflix history and you'll see a sad trend.
Anyhow, on scrum...
It's almost like...
Bob?
Yeah?
Hey, where'd you stop?
I don't have a problem with scrum.
I just... I use more scrum than anybody, except for Anna Moll.
And she's just gonna die from scrum, but that's fine.
I hope I die from scrum.
That's one of the ways to go.
There's a lot of them.
Strangulation.
Why'd you wait? That's all. Seriously.
Auto-accident, defenestration, and...
Facial warming.
Disease.
All kinds of diseases.
Bob.
I got the wet...
Bob!
Final chance to cure cancer.
Only three days to go.
Final chance to cure heart disease.
Only...
Hours to go.
Let's end all the car crashes in the next few hours.
I swear we can.
Time is running out to save the world.
Save the world from cancer.
AIDS.
It's over now.
The end of the diseases is...
Coming with the destruction of all the ill.
And all their ilk and all their...
Children.
No more inheritance...
Of diabetic tendencies.
No more inheritance of those breast cancer proclivities.
We found the cure.
We found the cure.
We found the cure.
Only three days to go.
Only three days.
Only three days.
And three minutes from the end of time,
Cure us all.
No more.
No more sickness.
Nothing but burning, burning, burning.
No more sickness.
All the cancer wards off in flames.
No more sickness.
No need to take...
Life.
saving doses of aspirin so that you do not die of a heart attack or stroke
don't even have to put away those smokes
because we found the cure found the cure for the world we found the cure and it's
destroying the world we found the cure and it world world we found the cure
end of the world end of the world end of the world
we got some defective wristbands they don't stick to themselves so I have to
use like one of those big office staplers and just staple it onto your
wrist
so if somebody else is doing that make sure they don't staple it to the underside of
your wrist because you might bleed to death we staple it to the upper side the back of the
hand side of the wrist for that matter since we're stapling the registration wristbands on we
probably could just staple them onto your forehead it'd be easier to see that way and it's like a
tiny wristband and it's like a tiny wristband and it's like a tiny wristband and it's like a
mini mini trepanation it's possible to increase your consciousness with a
staple to the forehead but not by much so it's probably not worth it unless
that's where you want to wear your registration negative stimuli
electro-enforcement wristband available at the swag shop tomorrow
or tonight
I'll leave Bob this grotto friends tomorrow night you'll hear about grotto
is pretty scary
you can get to it in five minutes but it takes 49 hours to come back from there
ollie bothers drop there it's pretty there's a waterfall and it doesn't like I
said even get down there in five minutes and prop up or whatever you want to do
you better schedule further trip back it's 49 hours that's a couple of days
that's two days and an ad now inner time we're trying getting tired of deja Prius
just some righto so regular at least know it is is it bad you can be real cause it's getting mad around your mouth?






because you don't have a watch on.
So I would be interested in finding out
about the fluid time available after July 5th, 1998.
It should be any minute, hour, day, or hour.
See what I mean?
It's fluid.
Or it's not fluid enough.
It's like we're stuck, like buds of amber.
Locked to the clock, you might say.
Well, our symbol for slack is a clock
with a dagger stuck through it.
But I'm afraid that's wishful thinking
until the saucers get here, boys and girls.
So I'm gonna tell you a goodnight Betty-bye time story.
Once upon a time, there was this subgenius.
He came to X Day, and something happened to him
that we're not allowed to talk about
anymore because apparently it's decreed
to be not politically correct.
But I'll say it anyway.
He had a hot dog with mustard!
I know that's symbolic of something.
It might cause untoward and unseemly memories to erupt.
But yes, he came.
A boy came to X Day and had a hot dog.
And a girl came to X Day and had a hamburger.
And that's probably symbolic.
It's symbolic of something offensive too.
So we have to be really careful about it.
Better thing now is,
because you never know when Facebook is gonna bust you!
Oh no!
The worst thing that could ever happen in life.
Someone might get offended,
and Facebook might get angry with you.
That's worse than having God angry with you!
That's even worse than having Bob angry with you!
At least, that's what I was told.
That's what I was told.
That's what I was told.
Anyway, the hot dog and the hamburger got together
and had little burgers, and they were called Hot Burgers.
That's the end of the story.
Thank you very much and good night.
This one goes out to Dave.
This podcrust is dedicated to the following podcrustists.
Don't mind, my good name is Dave.
You're gonna take the pigs up like a slave.
Gonna make new oil chores all day long.
Gonna tell them, hey, this is my song.
We're up here making a lot of noise at night.
It was X day ago, it's pretty all right.
Get out now, get out in the crowd, get drunk, get frumped,
get really, really loud, yo!
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh!
If you give him a dollar,
he'll stop trying to rap.
And select a song.

Come on. Fuck you, friend.
Commodify your friends.
Commodify your experience.
You have the money for the experience.
Bring the folks at home. That was like, this.
You have the money for the experience. You have the money for the experience.
You're experiencing right now.
I know I paid my dollars for this.
What?
My Earth monies went to this.
Check it out.
Right now, have you decided to enjoy this on a gold membership level?
Or a platinum level?
I think we have, uh, what?
Well, there's a gold membership.
There's a key membership.
There's a platinum membership.
Do we have the, uh, bronzite?
The...
Next time, if you can get that little more in the mic.
Tin. Tin was a membership level.
You can leave those who really want the scholarship.
You can be a tin member.
You can be a copper member.
Copper member?
The copper members get 25% of every 25% of every song.
That's absolutely fantastic.
What a deal.
You can't beat that kind of thing.
You can't.
You can't.
You can't beat that deal.
You can't beat that mother-in-law deal.
To the kids' cost.
Yeah!
Because I said.
I'm not a mother-effing because I'm a Christian.
Wow!
And I'm not going to say what the F word,
even though you know what the F word is.
F word.
F word.
F word.
F word.
F-U.
F word.
C-K.
F word.
That's the other side.
C-K.
F word.
Where's your kazoo?
F. Oh, yes.
If I had a nickel for every time the letter F had a word.
If you find a black kazoo, please return it to APO's KC.
Can't get it off.
Darn.
fee德.
F-U.
F
F
T.
Not heard.
Rep Hyeori.
G.
I'm going to play it right now.
See, to me, this song is about politics.
Yeah, politics.
Not like the politics that you think about where it's on the TV.
But about the interaction of more than one person.
It's non-onanic, if you will.
Yeah, non-onanic.
I'm sure some of y'all don't like that.
Because you can't have politics by yourself.
No, you can't.
Oh, that's politics.
Is this politics?
I don't think so.
It plugs in.
It gets penetrated.
Is that a consensual act?
Huh?
Are there two things involved here?
Are they people?
Are they people?
Are you people?
Are you guys people?
What?
No, you're not people?
Are you lizards?
Yetis.
Yeti lizards?
Just hecklers that I can't hear?
Oh, yes, dear friends.
If I can give credits right for all of that.
I'll be way ahead.
There's almost I'm almost certain to leave somebody out.
You're about to hear me leave out Reverend A.P.
O Stacey, the lives of his exceeding and terrible murder victims.
and Reverend Bovver.
Let's see.
We heard a lot of the Thorazine Urine Podcast crew,
which includes Reverend Fid Chooley,
Reverend Anna Mall,
Reverend Shaw Goth,
Reverend Nugget.
Reverend Nugget was doing that Nuclear Cancer song.
Let's see.
We heard Reverend Daniel and Goldilocks.
They're newcomers.
Daniel was doing that politics rant or statement or whatever.
We heard...
And Goldilocks was accompanying him on the drums.
Right.
I don't have peas on here,
but he's playing bass in the background right now.
Oh, okay.
Guitar work was done by Reverend Hazel of the Windmills,
Reverend Angry Larry,
St. Faltimus Sexmortis,
and Lord Rock God,
and Lord Ferg.
Let's see.
Lemur did the PR news.
We heard Reverend Fox
talking or something.
Dr. Cosmack was on synthesizers,
as was Catfeather at some times.
Reverend Baby Bear was heard somewhere back in there.
See what I mean?
It's hard to...
And that's from looking at a list.
I heard that sweet Baby Bear voice,
and I heard all those things that you just mentioned.
It all sounded really messy and messed up and fun.
It was very messy and messed up and fun.
Although I did work very hard to extract the listenable stuff.
Soon I hope to have hearing aids,
and I'll know what the words are.
There's one person...
who wasn't there,
and I'm afraid won't be there.
We lost a subgenius last week,
Reverend Kenny Floyd,
who was one of P's clench of it,
one might say.
Apparently he died just like today or yesterday
of a massive heart attack
that hit him a few days ago.
And he's not somebody that I knew,
but he was a subgenius
who amused lots of other folks
on the Facebook pages that he was on.
And so...
See you on the saucers there, Reverend Floyd.
You will be missed.
Also...
Oh, wait, look.
Here's Lonesome Cowboy Dave calling in, I think.
Let's see.
Is that Lonesome Cowboy Dave?
Yes, it is.
We got our Dave!
Is it for any of your beeswax?
Or other subjugated materials?
Your beach wax?
Beach wax.
Oh, you got that beach waxed, right?
No, I had a wax job,
but I was at the beach.
I noticed that I've been taking pills
that have a warning on them that said
do not go out in direct sunlight for too long.
Vampire pills.
Yeah, vampire pills.
And I've been taking these vampire pills
and I've been going out in hot sunlight
and didn't know it.
I hope I haven't screwed myself up,
over the last three months.
We do too, Dave.
Well, you do too, Dave.
Yee.
Well, the sunlight won't hurt you.
It'll just hurt the drug.
The drug is the vampire.
And because it works for the insurance
and medical companies.
See?
But you're not in a position where you can just
drive a stake through its heart.
Because they'll charge you for that, too.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Take it out of your deductible.
It's like a porterhouse.
Yeah.

Or something like that.
They charge an awful lot to drive a porterhouse
through the heart of any big farm as a CEO's heart.
And it won't fit, but that's the biggest thing
they have in their chest is a porterhouse.
But what about a T-bone?
A T-bone would work because of the design.
That's what I was thinking.
Yeah, it would be a lot better than the porterhouse.
Yeah.
You'd have to remove the meat
and then just use the bone to impale the vampire person.
Right.
And it helps if it's silver,
if the bone is made of silver.
Yeah.
There's been a lot of sickness lately.
On today's recording date, which happens to be 9-11,
Hillary Clinton got sick at that 9-11 memorial.
Did she?
You haven't heard that?
The deplorables were dancing in the street all day
because it proves that she's going to die
in the next five minutes, which is, apparently,
they seem to feel is the only way their boy Trump is going to win.
Yeah.
But I've got some bad news for them,
because that thing that gave the hour-long,
flawless, energetic speech at the Democratic Convention
was obviously a CGI fake.
And that would explain everything.
Friends, the real Hillary Clinton died 20 years ago,
and a cleverly designed evil socialist robot
has been filling in since then, pretending to act
like a moderate robot.
A Republican disguised as a Democrat.
And it might be breaking down now,
but they'll have a new one ready soon.
It's immortal, you see.
The Clinton bot...
Is that British way when you call them socialist robots?
Or robits?
Well, the thing is that it's...
Okay, yeah, Hillary's already dead,
but she can't die.
She's an immortal, evil Clinton bot robot.
And I read that on Internet websites
that all tell me everything I most want to hear
and hide the things they know would make me uncomfortable,
so it must be true.
Well, what about Humpty Grumpy Dumpty?
He's immortal, too, because he's so amazing.
His amazingness makes him immortal.
Well, I know his hair's been around for a while.
He's never been wrong.
He can't be wrong.
Well, Rob, he can't be wrong.
And his Kool-Aid is the finest and most habitable.
He's the most habit-forming of them all.
They thought the Obama Kool-Aid was good,
but, man, that was nothing compared to the Trump-Aid.
Mm, Trump-Aid.
Sweet and silly.
Ah.
So, yeah, the Hillary bot cannot...
It's the bot that refuses to die.
It could die, but it won't,
and it's just doing that just to make people mad.
Well, what about all the weird robots?
They're all going to vote for Hillary for berries,
and they'll have to come up with stuff like that.
I heard they were all going to vote for Hillary.
Now what are they going to do once they find out she's a socialist robot?
There, her.
I think they'll still vote for her,
because they're we people, you see,
and if they're we people, then they'll vote for Hillary.
Like you as a we, perhaps?
A we as in Princess We.
Yes, I thought so.
This.
Four more days.
And you told us this is funny.
Well, that's the thing.
I actually am very long- möglichst,
so we're stillam Wave.
These time-time people think like that ...
Big-that's the thing,


More often than not,
even though I know something,
That's an eyes-only, ears-only, foreskin-only classified email, dude.
It's okay.
I won't wear the funny snout, either the pig snout or anything like that.
You know, there were several cases of swine flu, and I was one of them.
I'm not a kid, but I was a swine for quite some time.
And I got out of the military, and I couldn't stop it.
I had to keep on keeping on.
That's when I realized I'd joined the wrong political rumpet.
Oh, no.
I mentioned the burgers on the calendar.
Oh, my glands.
Oh, poor Dave.
No, that was somebody else I invited.
He's hiding under the table again now.
Oh, I see.
Hmm.
Under the table, you say?
Yes.
This is where he prefers to stay.
He's afraid of birds and chipmunks and squirrels and other small animals.
Are you talking about Bob?
Well, I was talking about Bob, but I guess this is even more about Bob than I thought.
He is afraid of squirrels, isn't he?
Well, you know, he said to pull the wool over your own eyes and relax in the safety of your own delusions.
But when he said that, it had the opposite effect, because people line up.
Cash in hand, hoping to relax in the safety of his delusions.
Which proves to themselves by giving him money that they, too, are truly stupid.
Just like him.
Some of these people are doctors, lawyers, world leaders, famous artists.
But they know that as the years go on, income and peace of mind will become dependent not on wit and perceptiveness or ethical judgment,
but on...
Your lack thereof.
They're investing in a devolving future.
And we can see in the comments on all internet articles that that is true.
People want to be as dumb as their best hero.
Or dumber.
And when Bob is your hero, that's a tall order.
Or a short order, as it might be.
Because, see, how can you even hope to match Bob?
In that way.
It's impossible to be that witless.
I would never even try.
I would never even try.
That's because you're too smart, Dave.
Well, there's those people who want to have Bob for a boss.
They want Bob to tell them what to do.
They want to put a mood ring on Bob.
Oh, no.
That's repugnant.
And that's so they can know where they stand with him.
And if he's feeling good, his mood ring turns...
And if he's feeling bad, it leaves a great big ugly dent on their forehead.
Price Bob.
I've got one of those.
And I don't even know how I got it.
You mean it's like proximity to Bob?
It looks like somebody took a big spoon or something and whacked me on the head.
I have this long, like, indentation on my forehead.
No.
An indentation on my forehead.
And it was...
I think it was about a year ago.
Somebody said, hey, did you ever notice you've got a large indentation?
On your head?
I said, what?
And I looked in the mirror and I had one.
I have one.
Dave is Bob's mood ring.
You're the mood ring.
You're part of Bob's mood ring.
My life has meaning now.
Finally.
I can go on.
I can carry on.
I'm Bob's mood ring.
Are you sure?
What a terrible existence to wish on anybody.
Are you sure that it's not just a forehead dimple?
Um, it could be.
You know, like the kind people get on their cheeks?
Well, remember, Dave's got two foreheads to deal with on account of the double mean baby head on the back.
On the back side.
It's a double meaning baby head, too.
It's just an optic brief.
There's a double meaning baby head as well?
Yeah, double meaning, double meaning, double...
Yeah.
And double mean?
Double entendre.
Double.
Double.
Double.
I thought it was the scuff left by my doppelganger.
But I realized my doppelganger was in a different gang than I.
Right, the gang.
If you got more than one, they gang up on you.
A doppelgang up on you.
But you kind of have an idea of what they're going to do because they're all just like you, right?
Right.
So it's like you both hit each other at the same time and your fists meet right in the middle.
Instead of hitting each other's face, you hit each other right in the fist.
Fist?
Over and over again.
You bounce off each other.
It's like the Groucho and Pico routine and also Harpo routine where they're dressed alike
and it's the pretend mirror.
Was that from Night at the Opera or Day at the Races or...
You know what I'm talking about.
Right, yes I do.
It's an amazing scene because, yeah, one of them looks just like Groucho
and Groucho thinks he's in front of a mirror because Harpo or whoever is duplicating his every move.
I know that scene.
Yeah.
Was that All Hail Fredonia Land of the Freeman Home in the Rain?
I'm not sure which one that was because I haven't seen any of them in such a long time.
Now why is that?
I'm wondering.
Well, we know that we're in bad times when we don't watch the Marx Brothers, even if we like them or not.
We know it produces an enzyme in the body that's close to the spit muscle, at least as far as change things go.
And it produces a happy...
It produces a happy glow for many, many, many, many, many, many times.
Well, there was...
The Marx Brothers were kind of almost at the different end of the spectrum than, say, the Three Stooges,
who came up last week on Dr. Sinister's show.
Princess Vuy was downstairs last Sunday during that show and heard me screaming upstairs
and didn't know what was going on.
But it was because I'd been told that the owner of...
The person who's made all the money off the Three Stooges syndicated showings on television
for a long stretch of time was Pat Robertson,
the so-called Christian PTL guy.
Pat Robertson, apparently.
It was his station and they had the rights to all those subgenius...
I mean, Stooges.
Easy mistake, mate.
Three Stooges shorts.
So, yeah, Pat Robertson was making the money off of what, you know,
in a true world would go to the Horowitz estate and the fine estate.
Yeah.
That's sick. That's sick.
Well, that's... Hence the screaming.
Yeah, that's... And I was terrified.
I went running upstairs to see what he was yelling about and then I realized he was...
By the way, I didn't get a recording of any of that.
If somebody did...
Talking to Dr. Sinister.
That would... I wouldn't mind getting...
But we can imagine... Excuse my language.
We can imagine in our minds the shock, the utter, the pure despair that ran the course through your body
like amazing... like a mighty river.
Hearing that the Christian Broadcasting Network owned Larry Fine's toupee.
Yeah, no kidding. It was... How unfair.
And how come I didn't know that before?
That was the other thing.
Yeah.
I think it was exclusionary thought. You didn't want to...
Right.
You knew you didn't want to know that because it would have meant an end to many, many fine things in your life.
Well, you know, I'm a libtard, so I live in an imaginary fairytale universe where everything is nice and everything's free.
That's me.
That's me too.
It's a world where Hillary Clinton is not going to invade the Ukraine and Syria and...
and what's-his-name Trump head is not going to invade Mexico.
We need wars, but we need them like... places like Topanga Canyon and Foxfire Reserve and Santa Cruz.
That's where we need them.
Them.
War. War with Walmart. War between Walmart and Target.
War between...
That's the kind of war we're talking about. Shooting war.
You know, because...
Hey, companies are people too. People get in fights. Companies can get in fights.
Exactly.
People...
You've heard of Citizens United, haven't you? If they have the right to be... have free speech and stuff like that, they also have the right to bear arms and legs too.
I read just today that...
If you're a corporation and you're a person, then you have the right to bear guns.
I bear a gun.
I bear a grudge.
Ha ha ha.
I bear a scar.
Actually, when I get back to Texas, I'm going to have to... in order to fit in, I am actually going to have to kind of refresh my gun safety course and probably buy a handgun, probably from my brother, because I can get a good deal.
Heck, I can barely keep up.
Princess Weish fired her first handgun when we were in...
Oh, go ahead. Tell the world. I shot a gun.
She shot a clown.
I did.
She did. She shot a clown. But she got him...
There's not a thing wrong with that. It's a happy day.
She shot him in the hair, though. It didn't actually kill him.
And it right dead square in the hair.
He had huge hair. It's hard to miss.
Well, if I had my druthers, I'd rather shoot a square in the hair, a clock, a chimney, a sweep, or I mean a clown.
Oh, a clown could shoot too.
Somebody in Times Square, nobody would even care.
He could shoot another clown in front of a stadium full of 20,000 people.
And the conspiracy of the Obamies wouldn't do anything about it, because they're prejudiced against clowns.
They want clowns to just shoot each other to death.
They don't care. They don't wear no underwear.
Is that true?
Well, I just said that.
Clowns don't wear underwear?
I don't know.
They are not permitted to wear underwear.
They leave their shiftless monogram on everything they own.
Can you imagine what kind of leavings, what kind of droppings are in their underpants?
Clownies.
They drop clownies?
Yeah, little baby clownies.
Skid marks from clowns.
Scary.
The worst kind.
And they even like, you know, when you look at a piece of pizza and you see the Virgin Mary, many people look at their skid marks and see they're like that.
That one clown in the evil clown.
What was the name of that movie?
Bozo's Little Brown Brothers.
Yeah.
I thought it was Bozo's Revenge, but that worked.
Ah, Bozo's Revenge.
It's sweet like grapes and donuts.
And more.
Have you spent any time thinking of the antediluvian river that we're going to have to cross once?
Donald Trump takes over the universe?
I prefer not to think about that.
But I do have a raft.
We are building a raft.
We would build an ark, but wood's really expensive.
Decent wood.
Don't propose these catastrophic things to me.
I can't handle it.
I'm not worried about that because I've got Bob in my mind.
I don't worry about that.
I don't worry about nothing.
I've got old Bob.
Don't blame me.
I voted for Bob.
If you look at any of the main subgenius Facebook pages, you can see that there actually is a button called,
Don't blame me.
I voted for Bob.
It's red, white, and blue.
It's out there.
I'm a voter for Bob too.
I'm a voter for Bob for you.
And if you're like most subgeniuses that see the picture of that button,
what they do then is they copy that little one-inch high JPEG and they blow it up as big as they can,
even though it looks terrible.
Then they print it on their inkjet printer and cut it out and put it on a piece of cardboard
because that way they don't have to, you know, buy it from you-know-who.
I can't say.
But that's what they're doing right now.
I see you out there, Mr. Face Bobby, Mr. Radio Bobby.
Well, I don't need to read no book of the subgenius or be a minister or nothing like that
because I can just get everything I need to know just right from the free Internet podcasties.
And with the Internet and with my printer, I can have anything I want.
I can just do anything.
Well, I would never do a thing like that.
It would be wrong.
Wrong.

But it would be wrong.
And I see so many wrong things.
Somebody said he reprinted the entirety of Revelation X on an old analog physical, a throbber they called it.
Dot matrix.
Dot matrix.
That's what we called it.
Yeah, it was.
It was.
Well, we hear it.
We had this bin with 100 monkeys in it and 100 dot matrix printers.
So that's what they printed.
And then they printed the book onto the head of a pin.
Well, it was a thumbtack, to be fair.
OK.
But that's an analog computer with 100 monkeys?
No, not a computer, just a printer, just a dot matrix printer and a bunch of monkeys.
If you throw a computer into the mix, that ruins it.
Or a keyboard, even.
We hooked the dot matrix printer up to like four or five monkeys' brains at once.
And if you mix the monkeys right, they'll transmit the word of Bob directly into that dot matrix printer.
Jase.
What is that in the background?
It's the laughter of the evil ones.
It is the derisive cacophonous sounds of the evil ones.
The pointing fingers and sneering.
I was listening to the cacophony and saying, what ye hath wrought, what ye hath wrought.
Yeah, I think that was you saying that.
That was me.
Yes, and I was pointing at you.
Cacophony.
Well, the background music has been doctor music from the last X Day Drill.
I already rattled off the credits of most of it.
I mean, I think the only thing that's left to me is the music.
It's the music of the people that were on that stage those nights.
It sounds very juicy, I must admit.
Well, it should sound like people having fun.
It may not sound good exactly, but it should impart a vibe of slack, actually.
Yes.
It's true that the first night, we had like a cardboard box instead of a drum set, I believe.
But it sounded pretty good.
Yes.
Some of us drummers knew how to drum on a cardboard.
You could sit on it while drumming on it.
It was actually a wooden box that was made for drumming on, but it was indeed a box drum.
They sound quite nice.
Yes, they do.
Just as a coffee can does.
We heard Princess Wee on spoons much earlier.
You were playing spoons, and I think Shoggoth was playing a coffee.

Kind of a pleasant little ditty or tune on his electric uke.
Ah. Is that what that was?
They have electric uke-o-fires?
I thought that was futuristic electronic ukes.
Like they have them now?
Yeah, they have electronic ukes.
They have electronic everything.
They have electronic presidential candidates.
Come on.
Hillary can't die.
It might break down every now and then and kind of go...
Brr. Brr.
Oil can. Oil can.
But, you know, danger.
Will Robinson.
Yeah, but who doesn't go brr-brr-brr.
Oil can. Oil can.
Oh, that's the thing.
Oil can Harry, the princess of the May Show.
No one ever gets sick.
Ever.
Unless they're about to die.
If you want them.
If you want it that way.
That's the important thing.
No recoveries anywhere?
No?
No.
No.
No.
Not if you're, you know, not if you're the evil one.
Well, what if you're just implausible?
Then you're probably, then you're gonna, you're gonna come dangerously close to getting elected.
You might, you might even make it.
Oh, no.
You might surprise the pundits and the, them smarty pants that know how to read.
Them smarty pants that think they know everything cause they, cause they went to that fancy school they call a high school or whatnot.
No.
I am.
Oh, yeah.
You be sure.
Yeah, I think some libtards gonna get their, they're gonna have their heads explode.
And we're gonna be subdued.
And did you know she called us deplorable?
They can't deplore me.
I'm a citizen.
I was born here.
I stole that.
I stole that.
Well, no wonder.
It was stolen.
Yeah.
Hot property is usually quite humorous.
Or at least it's humorous.
If anybody knows.
If anybody gets elected this time, it was cause they cheated.
Cause it was fixed.
If anybody gets elected at all, it's cause it was fixed.
There's no other way anyone would vote for anyone.
I'd like to vote for the Green Party if I could, but I don't know if it's going to appear on my ballots.
Isn't it?
No comment.
No comment?
Mm-mm.
Why, you know some Greens that you'd rather just see?
Can you call them pinks or something?
Oh, I think Greens are an important part of any subgenius's diet.
Oh, yeah.
Like the flying, and so is pasta, as in the flying spaghetti monster.
Mm-hmm.
Bob's gotta eat too.
So he's eating these human heads just like a little cannibal baby off there on a distant star.
Yes, but not for much longer, Dave.
Because it's getting to be that time.
Yes, it is.
And what time might that be?
About 10 o'clock.
Oh, shoot, a clock.
In Clevelandia, yeah, that's what it might be.
It's that time.
Wherever you're listening from, person, out there on the internet.
It could be five miles away in Australia for a week.
Yeah, for one thing, there is no such thing as the internet, and none of that stuff is real.
You're imagining it.
And everybody imagines something slightly different, but mostly pretty much the same.
That's how they get away with it.
But I've been ready to play this song at the end of every show for about five shows now,
because it was a song that Fantastic Plastics did at that devotional.
And actually, I like their live version better, but this is the studio version, as it were,
Ah.
of that delightful cover.
Well, what does it matter as long as we're all knee-deep in excrement?
You know what I mean?
Oh, how well I know, Dave.
It's rough.
It's very rough and tough.
Rough and tumble, that's what we need to make our stalwarts strong.
And friends, if you want to hose off those boots of excrement, why, just go to that hose at subgenius.com.
It's got everything.
Actually, today I posted...
MP3s of all of the recordings broken down by song from the first three days of X Day.
But the only way you can get to those links is if you're a subgenius minister, don't you see?
Or were at 19X Day.
But among the people who can't go there this time are you and the Fantastic Plastics.
So, Dave, I'm going to have to let you go.
Can I ask you just one more?
If you happen to know...
I'm going to ask you just one more.
If you happen to know that in the 1890s in this area of northeastern Ohio, there was a company called American Fork and Hoe.
Fork and Hoe?
Yes, and I can't believe that people haven't had more fun with that because it's the real name of a real company that no longer exists.
Apparently because they, you know, it's the way it sounded.
Well, they can start having fun now.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob and praise Dave.
The beating of a drum.
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't think it's a tune that should be covered, if you're on a show.








See you.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.








Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Your rocket old blue and your nuclear boots
You are a thriller
You are a sight to see
My own circuitry
You take control of me
You are a killer
Electricity in your top-end jeans
That spark at the seams
You are a thriller
Such a sight to behold
To the touch you're told
You had to break the mold
You are a killer
A troublemaker
The earth shaker
Troublemaker, troublemaker, earth shaker
A troublemaker
The heartbreaker
Heartbreaker, heartbreaker, heartbreaker
Troublemaker
If love's gonna kill
Then death is a thrill
You improve your skill
You are a thriller
As you hear this song
You're gonna feel the thrill

You know the code is wrong
I said the code is wrong
You are a killer
A troublemaker
The earth shaker
Troublemaker, troublemaker, earth shaker
A troublemaker
The heartbreaker
Troublemaker, troublemaker, earth shaker
This is the way I'm gonna end my life
Still one of a kind
Time after time
You were the best in the line
You are a thriller
There's not a devil in me
There's a devil in you
Kill the devil in YOU
You are a killer
An earth shaker
A troublemaker, the earth shaker
Troublemaker, troublemaker, earth shaker
A troublemaker, the heartbreaker
Do you wanna touch it?
Yes, I wanna touch it
Do you wanna play it?
No, I'm gonna steal it
Do you wanna touch it?
Yes, I wanna touch it
Do you wanna play it?
No, I'm gonna steal it
For one thing, there's no such thing as the internet
And none of that stuff is real
You're imagining it
And everybody imagines something slightly different
But mostly pretty much
something
It's the same
That's how they get away with it
