Are you too stupid to see what's going to happen? I know what's coming. Have I got to beat you to make you understand?
It's the Super Genius Powerball Squadron!
It's going to end more horribly than anything in all history. That much I know.
Reverend Stang and Sister Lisa are back here in town.
Yeah.
Yes.
From PR News in Washington, I'm getting support from Russian warplanes.
The BBBBC reports they're targeting 23 people and hundreds of homes.
The importance of the battle was not permissible.
The BBBBCCCC.
On Monday, EU leaders will gather at a meeting hosted by PR News.
PR News.
Bob is claiming this is PR.
In Boston, PR scape Bob reports something.
Some Bobs are upset about gay pride.
Saying that more people means more potential for gay pride and brutality.
Less potential, not more.
It's one of the many gay brutality parades taking place across the country today.
Proceeds will be shared among murder victims.
Gay Bob, who's serving two life sentences in federal prison, says this is PR News in Washington.
And now, here are my predictions.
Listen.
Listen carefully.
Join me in knowing the headlines of tomorrow, today.
I predict public executions will be shown on television sponsored by your local gas company.
Securing the faith that the future is filled with good things for you and yours.
Listen now to the headlines you will be reading in the coming prediction period.
Google built a free potato pie.
I...
You got the headline.
I predict that LSD, marijuana, and speed can change your sex.
If it were possible to spray small doses of LSD from an helicopter into the air, people would soon quieten and not be hurt.
She is a cutie, isn't she?
What a girl.
Right on campus as part of getting high.
I mean, getting a higher education.
Which is just wonderful in any language.
Here's Bobby.
LSD is running its mad course.
With babies now being born hideously deformed from women whose chromosomes are permanently damaged by this drug,
which was invented originally by the chemical warfare branch of the United States Army as a vicious weapon to be used against an enemy.
Here you see the heroic robots, the leadies, who defended San Francisco against the dastardly attack.
The
LSD

LSD
LSD
LSD
LSD
LSD
LSD
LSD
LSD
LSD
LSD
LSD





LSD


LSD
LSD

LSD



LSD
THEY WEIGH AFTER US.
THEY CAN KEEP US HANGING TOWARD ULTIMATE SOCIAL listening.
When they think of the TONIUM habr 320 websites, they think they are the Finding Manhattan and who the hell is Tony?
Dr. The video was made by The Ot sutmas science lab.
Let's show how you gomaker could be right.

Huh?
Oh.

Six.
One.
Give it to me.
Oh, girl.
Six.
One.
Give it to me.
Give it to me.
Give it to me.
Give it to me.
Give it to me, sir.
That's sweet, fuckers, sir.
Oh, ho.
Oh.
Oh, dear love, it's time to shine away.
It's time to shine away.
Oh, dear love.
It's got to shine away
It's got to shine away
Oh, see a fire is sweeping
Out the street today
Burns like a red gold carpet
Never close your eyes
Give it to me, baby
Give me shelter
Just give it to me, baby
Give it to me, baby
Give me shelter
I'll make you hot like a head if you know
Give it to me
It's just a kiss, it's just a kiss away
Give it to me
It's just a kiss, it's just a kiss away
Give it to me, give it to me
Give it to me, give it to me
Give me your stuff
That sweet fucker stuff
Oh, oh
Oh, oh
What you think?
What you think?
What you think?
It's got to shine away
What you think?
It's got to shine away
Oh, oh
Did you know?
What you think?
It's got to shine away
What you think?
It's got to shine away
Yeah
It's got to shine away
It's got to shine away
It's got to shine away
It's got to shine away
Yeah
It's got to shine away
Yeah
It's got to shine away
war so far here. We're trying to march all the slack squads back to their barracks now and they're
they're a little bit hard to uh deactivate they get belligerent late at night but uh they seem to
be able to make it back to the barracks here. Okay start it now this is what we call the uh monster
beach party. Hey well so welcome to subgenius beach party yes last week it was in Houston on KPFA.
You'll never know where the subgenius beach party is and don't you wish you did. Oh dear that ding
felt great. Well Dr. Howell is there any way you can fight through the sound effects and tell us
about the their relationship between the demopods and the well the demopods and the myriapods uh
got together. Oh the script we're supposed to I didn't understand that I thought you meant
meant this script right here the one with the red lines on the cover let's never read anything with
red dots I never believe anything with red dots never sign on the show too many buttons to push
too many tape recorders to watch.
It's obvious that during the game they should not have launched ahead with that size of rocket
they should have used a smaller rocket not hurt so many people some some perhaps but not so many
as it turned out JFK was turning to Governor Connolly to tell him the name of the band that
dare not speak his name and was shot because of that. And officers both plain clothes and
uniformed seemed to spring from everywhere at once guns drawn ordering people to lie flat.
There are two witnesses who were near the president's car
at the time of the exchange.
Besides our Senseiления and the all human races wear had a long front
TO THE MIXER
I will take it away from you.
For Bob is he who hath wisdom.
Let he who hath wisdom know it is the wallet of a man, dear friends.
And as Pope Sternodocs Keekever said,
The only reason any subgenius is still alive is that all pigs are such craven, cringing, godless wonders.
Actually, I don't think those were his exact words.
We had to kind of clean that down a little bit.
But, as Bob said, in 1954 on a radio broadcast on WFMU,
Howdy WFMU in East Orange, New Jersey,
Bob said, you can forgive them first, but then kill them.
And, you know, that's the open-hearted, tolerant way that we the subgeniuses like to think.
Because there's a difference.
There is the difference.
And that's what we are.
That's what we make.
Because subgeniuses are different.
In a way that makes so sexuality, creed, or mental health, or taste and color,
those are all inconsequential, meaningless, compared to the difference between the subgenius and the human.
Now, we've all heard of the derogatory terms any young subgenius growing up in school hears.
The words like Bobobbies, Dobbsies, Pipeface.
Submorons, subhumans, subpenises, and so forth and so on.
And such insults usually stem from dunderheaded misreadings.
Conscious, deliberate misreadings, I might say, of the word subgeniuses, meaning either superintelligent or stupid.
And actually, those have nothing to do with it.
The word encompasses almost any IQ level.
We are not friends saying that we're smarter than the normals.
We've never said that.
We're only saying that we are better.
Better than the human.
They're the only ones that measure, that think they can actually measure intelligence.
And they usually use income as their main yardstick, of course.
The subgenius form of intelligence would be calibrated in intangible units.
Units of intangibles.
And we cannot stress this enough.
It's not that the normals...
are unintelligent.
It's that they're not even all there.
They're half there.
It's not the lack, but the non-use of it.
It's like they're wandering through a dream.
Characters in somebody else's cartoon world.
In my case, my cartoon world.
The things that we recognize as mere convenient mental constructs,
such as jobs or money, are totally real to the poor humans.
Pity that not.
Yeah.
You know, we see the bars of a cage that they don't even know they're in.
But to them, we look crazy.
Because our response to that cage, such as what I'm saying right now,
cannot, cannot, my friend, make sense to them.
And it never, ever will.
Now, you know, we might as well be living on two different planets.
If only we were.
Oh, well.
Thanks, Jimmy.
Well, hell, I'll just keep reading from Revelation X.
I've got plenty of tapes to play, but I love this old unreleased tune in the background,
Valley of Neptune.
You know, true intelligence lies in knowing what you don't know.
We know that.
And that's what makes us twice as smart as all the know-it-alls.
That's our curse, the curse of Bob.
They say ignorance is bliss, my friend, and they are right about that one.
When you're the only one in the crowd that knows that the showers are really bad,

and gas chambers, it's kind of hard to look forward to getting clean now, ain't it?
Do you think it is fun?
Do you think it is funny?
Oh, for us to know something that no one else knows,
even when that something is the mass murder of billions, including yourself?
We know.
We know, and yet, we cannot tell.
Why? Because no one will listen.
Once, Swami Bhagwananda said to Dobbs,
Are you not interested in discovering that which lies beyond the veil of illusion?
And Dobbs said,
Hell no!
I'm interested in what's behind the veil of ordinary reality.
Friends, mundane ordinary perception is a lack of perspective.
In ordinary consciousness, the most trivial things become ulcerously stressful,
lost in a world of illusion, fixated on superficial fantasies,
like the job.
Any interruption of the daily routine throws the pink into a frenzy of paranoia.
The pink loses sight of the rich texture of the all,
and frets all out of proportion over transitory setbacks and silly obstacles
that exist only within its cramped, blinkered frame of reference.
The subgenius, on the other hand,
maintains a perfect objective detachment, such as mine,
and never loses sight of the reality.
The magical bull-dutter which infuses every daily experience.
For instance, a subgenius suffers a blowout on the highway.
Well, while pulling off the road and watching out for the other cars
out of everything else that's happening,
she happens to notice that the tire is flapping in perfect time
to the beat of the music on the car radio.
Do you hear that flapping, my friend, out there driving in your car tonight?
Do you hear that flapping, my friend, out there driving in your car tonight?
Do you hear that flapping, my friend, out there driving in your car tonight?
Do you hear that flapping in time to the music on the car radio?
Do you hear that flapping in time to the music on the car radio?
Or are you just now rolling and bumping off to the side of the road,
left behind by all the other traffic,
the other traffic which one might say was closer to mom at that time,
but for the fact that they don't know what the hell they're doing
and weren't listening to this show, and you were,
so it's worth it if you have to get out of that car and change that tire.
Just don't do it until you then.
This show's over with.
Just sit there by the side of the road until the cops come up,
and then pretend you're crippled and have them do it for you.
Praise Bob.
Ask not what the conspiracy can do for you.
No, wait.
Ask not what you can do for the conspiracy.
Ask what the conspiracy can do for you.
An old, old saying, and all of this stuff that I'm reading tonight
from our Bible revelation acts, it's old, old stuff,
but you know, you cannot get enough of it.
No subgenius can ever hear enough of the word of Bob,
especially if read by the voice of Reverend Ivan Stang.
Because the subgenius, you see, benefits from a residual racial memory
that can be reached by certain paths and used as a new sense.
But because it is a new sense, it cannot be described to pinks
or defined in any human language or system of symbols,
but must be felt through to be properly understood,
even otherwise.
On the most basic level and only latent subgeni have that capacity,
that sense of appreciation, of values, of real values,
which transcends prices, fashion, social status,
or even, even looks.
Yes, even, even looks.
Well, thank you.
I think the jam just sort of fell apart,
and we'll continue.
With, there are these readings
that to some point.
Kill again-kill again.
Kill again.
Kill again-kill again.
Kill again-kill again.
Kill again.
Kill again.
Kill again-kill again.
Kill again-kill again.
Kill again-kill again.

Get get get get get get back!
get back!
kill again and get back!
kill again
kill again and get back!
kill again
kill again and get back!
kill again
kill again
kill again
get get get get get back!
get back.
bli-li-li-li
And this is great. It's fantastic for connecting.
This is terrible.
A threat to our certainty.
I want you to look into your heart.
And you're to love even your enemies, the scripture says.
Right now we're in the last days as foretold in the book of Revelation.
Last days. You mean the coming of the apocalypse, right? The rapture.
And I get to see it firsthand and that's all I focus on.
So understand that wherever you go.
That's not something you see every day, that's for sure.
I'll be glad to just get out of this place. I've never seen so much devastation.
And you know what else? It's very spooky riding around in it.
A wave of energy that goes through my body that is congruent with the truth that I am made out of.
Because I can't be made of anything else, right?
Again, the math has to be perfect, otherwise I cease to exist.
If you saw me on the street without the suit on, you'd probably say,
there goes a total dope fiend.
You'd feel aversion and walk away.
I don't look like you. I can't afford to.
And I think if you can observe to some degree reality as it is,
you won't just be a much better person,
but you'll probably be a much more peaceful and happy person.
All right, I'll go do that again.
It's a different mindset and we're evolving into this.
And the reason why...
I think it's going to have to happen is because...
God's dealing with things.
Take the belief that you have, something innocuous,
a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being, well, it doesn't affect my life now.
I believe that I might get fish and chips tonight or a curry.
Choose something around a 2, 3 scale mark,
10 being I believe the world's just about to blow up and I'm the cause of everything.
If you would like to become a member of the Canadian Armed Forces
and serve your Queen,
whoever she might be,
and your country poundly,
please step through this magnetic door.
There's the bull hunks.
There's the Nornax.
There's the hay-bom-boink-dingers.
There's the hay-date-
Go on back to your frozen wasteland and leave the fight to us, you pussies.
You know, if they were serious about the war on terrorism,
wouldn't they have sent more troops in there immediately?
Yeah, well, that's true of everybody.
Who's...
Well, I mean, who's been in there getting their butts shot up?
The Northern Alliance. I mean, the Americans.
Or whoever.
Yeah, who...
On my orders, the United States military has begun strikes
against our staunch friend, Canada,
more than 40 countries in the Middle East, Africa, Europe, and across the...
Codini is a mystic.
...seer.
Mystic Codini.
Codini. Dr. Codini.
All hail Dr. Codini,
for he is a mystic seer of future events.
Listen to this thing he made two months ago.
On my orders, the United States military has begun strikes
against our staunch friend, Great Britain,
Australia, Germany, and France, Canada,
more than 40 countries in the Middle East.
He just got the order wrong, that's all.
They killed Flippa.
Great Britain's next. Australia.
They killed that little white dog with the brown spot on his eye.
And then they killed everybody in the whole town.
Well, the people in Canada are queen worshippers too, aren't they?
Aren't they idolaters?
They're a bunch of modest quippers.
They worship the mother instead of the son of...
the king of... the son of God.
Yeah, man, think of it that way.
And you spend a long time thinking over the...
See what happens to your eyeball.
And their women are real.
They're real loose too.
And they don't have...
That's why they deserve it.
They have loose women morals.
Yeah, their limbs are all like...
Their women are morally loose.
Like when they're walking, their limbs go...
Don't they have some kind of prime ministers or parliaments or something like...
And he talks much like this, the prime minister of Canada.
I am deeply regretful of the incidents which happened today.
And their minorities speak French.
What kind of a minority speaks French?
I know.
That doesn't make any sense.
An Asian minority.
They're... they're...
If you're French, you're supposed to be in the majority over somebody else.
If you're any kind of a real Frenchman.
Well, is there?
I mean, give...
You're not supposed to be playing hockey.
You're not supposed to...
But they're not Frenchmen, right?
They're Canadians.
So...
So they don't...
We're all targets now, man.
We're all targets now.
Everybody.
I'd be careful next time I went on the RTA, man.
I'd... I'd be...
Well, this signal skips right over the lake.
The Canadians can hear us.
We're conne... We're targets of... of... of them.
Borders are shut down.
They're shut down tonight.
In, uh...
Really?
Yeah.
In memory of George Bush.
Oh, George...
George is doing a lockdown now.
Well, and they locked down the Canadian border?
Yeah.
Didn't they, uh, close the internet, too?
And... and...
But Bush declared that MP3 pirates were terrorists.
Yeah.
I mean, pe... you know, people who download stuff from... from those, uh, Napster-like
things.
Yeah, Grokster.
Yeah, that's... that's terrorism now.
They have synthesized...
They have synthesized some of these psychotic genes in his head now.
Those are, uh, dope smokers.
Oh, dope smokers.
Those are definitely terrorists.
That would have been... that would have been...
And, you know, I see those commercials, and the only thing I can think of is...
They've been locked down for weeks now.
...Buy American.
Yeah, by God, if you're going to smoke dope, buy that great Humboldt County stuff.
Man, I'm glad you guys are explaining all this, because, you know, I'm from Texas, and
we don't...
Yeah, be careful of people you drink...
We don't cotton to no Canadians.
We never saw anybody from Canadians.
So, if you see someone drinking a Molson's or a Moosehead at a bar...
I...

...you feel free to execute them, military style.
Or if you see some...
You see some fat guy with a 50, oh, you gotta go right there.
You gotta do them right on the spot.
But are...
Are the Canadians our enemies, or...
Everybody's our enemy.
Everybody's our enemy.
If you're...
If you're with us, we're against you.
Oh, that's right.
They're confused, Dan.
Yeah.
They don't know what they're doing.
They don't see the true light, or even the purple one there on the left.
They're just confused about everything, and they need to be shown...
My friends' friends is my enemy.
They be shown the yolk.
Step in.
Step in, please.
Ah, Mr. Kinnock, you're gonna like this yolk.
It's got a freeze compartment right here, and there's little pucks hanging from it, and...
Yeah, can't we, like, just enslave the Canadians, and, you know...
People of Canada...
We try...
This is a message from the United States of America.
Prepare to take on the shackles of slavery.
We will march through your country.
We will destroy your armies.
Your streets will run red with your blood.
We shall rape your women and your caribou.
Not to mention your moose.
And that will be the fun part.
And your moose.
And actually, another thing...
Your beer is our beer.
Each individual Canadian family has...
Deadly daylight cannot save you.
Abandon your worship of the hawk gods of the sky.
Prepare, as we shall melt your cities of ice.
And so...
Leguim's voice will be the only voice they can hear over the lake.
And we'll put all kinds of reverb on it.
Yeah, at that moment, at that very moment, the weather was just perfect,
and the signal skipped over the clouds.
The most paranoid guy with his hand on the button of their one little nuclear-tipped warhead.
Their secret one.
Canada is a nuclear-free zone thing.
I'll have you know that.
Canada is a nuclear-free zone.
I kind of take a little regress to that remark.
Yeah, everybody's got a nuclear-free zone, right?
Sure, everybody's got a nuke in their pocket.
Everybody's...
I had to have my air conditioner recharged, and they used the nuclear-free zone on that.
Oh, they'd use nuclear energy to clean your air conditioner?
No, that's nuclear energy. That's different.
Nuclear.
Uh, nuclear.
Yeah, there's nuclear and nuclear.
Well, what is...
Those are two different things.
What is nuclear?
And nuclear.
Well, one is really dangerous and poisons everything for 90,000 years,
and the other one is just...
It's not that bad.
The other one makes you pop corn.
Any friend in need...
is an enemy, indeed.
It's the sign that your world is coming apart.
You're sitting in front of your table having your same old lackluster sandwich,
and who flies in through the window?
The world is ending, that's who.
And you're sitting on a stump by yourself.
Those Canadian soldiers.
Beware of the Canadian soldiers.
It's their season.
One tin soldier rides away.
They're well-armed, man.
They got all this stuff, man.
They got the funny hats.
They're well-armed, man.
Don't mess with them.
We just ran about...
We're really sorry, Canada.
...coming in from...
Yeah, this is kind of...
This is a sick humor show.
You shouldn't take anything we say seriously.
This is all just...
Please don't.
Yeah, we don't...
Because there are people in London.
I've gotten letters and emails from people in London, Ontario,
that they collect...
They do get this station.
We see...
And we are sorry.
We are sorry.
It was a Canadian that went into Janine today.
You know how those guys are.
That were this way.
There are good Canadians.
There are some good Canadians.
There's a few.
Mostly up in Toronto.
They must be judged individually on their merits,
and they must stand trial.
So, Anthony Faulkner is a good Canadian.
He's the guy that puts the hour of slack on the internet.
Well, they probably should nuke Vancouver.
From PR News in Washington, I'm contaminated with E. coli.
Republicans are furthering the understanding of the trade-offs
between lurid emails and the effects on E. coli.
So far, the United States and Australia are contaminated with PR News in Washington.
We keep theה

uk
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I'm going to come out the other side and I'm going to just...
There's some physiological basis to this feeling of knowing that is so powerful
that it makes our rational thoughts seem, feel wrong or irrelevant.
And he felt that...
Wait, let me get this straight.
You're going to pay me $200 to put on a hairnet and bang some beautiful babe?
I don't know. I got to think about this.
Let's get you wired up.
I just started...
It is extremely dangerous.
If the upload volume exceeds your storage capacity,
synaptic seepage can kill you in two or three days.
Plus, the data may be corrupted and coherent download will be impossible.
We don't have a problem with that, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
We don't have a problem with that.
Nope.
And that...
Oh, hello, friends.
This is Hour of Slack number 1,727.
Whoa.
And Princess Wee is here in the WCSB studios.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And Silas Jansen did that media barrage we were just listening to
and also a bit of collage like that earlier.
Reverend Silas Jansen and that jazzy music there
was a tune called Pushing My Agenda by the Psychoskeletons.
PR news and our titles come from Fernand and Andy Lemur.
We heard some old ESO Swamp Radio,
classic stuff from the year of 2002
with the late Chaz Smith,
who introduced us to this station, you might say, in a way.
Yes.
And Lonesome Cowboy Dave and the late Dr. LeGime
called in on that.
Let's see.
There was some really old ranting by me
from our out-of-print book, Revelation X.
In fact, that was stuff that later got cut and shortened.
Not even in the book, I don't think, a lot of it.
And we heard some puzzling evidence show from the 80s
from KPFA Berkeley.
That show's still on.
Since 1982.
Goodness.
It was actually the first subgenius regular show.
Because this show didn't start until 1985.
And we've been on
89.3 FM at 9 o'clock Sunday nights
in either of two cities since that time, since 1985.
Wow.
Because the one in Dallas,
was just like the one here in that respect.
And what, oh, the mashup of Rolling Stones and Rick James
was by Bill McClintock,
who also did the great mashups I played about a month ago.
And some old Media Barrage stuff
from our ancient Media Barrage tapes,
which I was handling today.
The cassettes, the old cassettes, the old cassettes,
most of the church and subgenius are still in Cleveland.
And I was packing them up to take to Texas.
Where they will be safe from the likes of lonesome cowboy Dave.
señaló
Scratch the whole thing,
No, no, Dave.
No, don't feel putrid and hel-ness?
Hell yesh.
So thanks for myself.
Hell yesh.
Thanks for, I appreciate that.
That cheered me up a little bit.
Well, she ordered you not to feel that way,
so step to it.
If you slip to it, I'm going to bitch slap you.
No, I wasn't.
We want that to happen, would we?
No, no, no, sorry, Bob.
No, and I won't let him bitch slap you anyway, so.
Princess, we, earlier today,
Dave and I were whining together off the air
about our, the pain.
Oh, the pain.
The pain.
The pain.
I had an experience last night.
A local punk band,
who was not alive when punk was going on, of course,
was one of the new vinyl freaks kids.
Uh-huh.
And they're doing a cover of a song that we did.
And they had this party,
and it was like revisiting 1979 or something like that.
Wow.
And it was weird.
They were covering a song that you did
when you were in the Clocks,
or was it the Einstein's Secret Orchestra, or what?
It was the Chronics.
The Chronics.
Wow.
Test to Baby.
And they did their own version,
and I felt humbled and moderately esteemed,
and speaking of steam in your underpants,
when you've had them in the theater for too long,
shouldn't it be a crime?
Or at least the antithesis, you know what I mean?
Yeah, the antithesis of steam in your underpants.
Right, I know.
And where's the synthesis?
Where's Karl Marx was rolling around over in his grave?
Right.
In Highgate Cemetery.
Can't you just spray him with, like, chlorine or something?
Who, Karl Marx?
No.
No, your underwear.
Well, either one, you know.
Sure, Karl.
But Karl Marx, he's a mummy now, right?
Yeah, he's in Highgate Cemetery.
He's a tryptophan mummy.
He looks like his goose is cooked.
Well, so do we, Dave.
Yep.
Yep.
So do we.
Don't even get all complained.
Never mind, I'm sorry.
That band covering the old ancient song,
from Dave's youth.
Yes.
They were probably thinking, Dave is a mummy.
Wow, look how old this guy.
They're like Tenacious D and Dio.
Yeah.
Ronnie James Dio.
Yeah.
You know, they just, they respect him as a master,
but of course, they wear the crown now.
He has to hand over the crown.
That's right.
Yeah.
So Dave, are you gonna hand over the punk crown to this?
I don't know, but it's kinda like the same size as the inner tube.
Inner tube.
That would mean you're a macrocephalic, right?
And you don't want those macrocephalic kids
getting out there playing volleyball with all the other kids
because it just causes a whole lot of trouble.
Right.
You know what I mean?
As a parent.
I know.
Yeah.
Or as a re-parent.
It's apparent to me too.
Yeah.
Well, I'm...
I remember you confessing the blues the many times
that the child hammers and the finger lickers and all that,
you know, different factions got involved.
Right.
Right.
I wouldn't.
I wouldn't either.
I'm sorry I was distracted by this CD player here.
It was set on single instead of continuous.
How can this be?
What is the meaning of this?
You've been tricked.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's a special effect.
It makes only the first track of the CD play.
Yeah.













And then it doesn't automatically play the next one, see.
Grrr.
It projects you in the hyperbolic space.
Yeah.
We have to have a rug in the background the whole time.
Something that can be pulled out from under you, Dave.
Well, I can have the rug pulled out from under me,
but I certainly cannot make the fine acoustic chicken smells
of the deluxe Barko Ranger New Planet Therian Huggins
where they take the entire walls and fill it with egg cartons.
And boy, does that slow the resonance down into a wonderful mesh
that you can use all night long as you're, you know,
not afraid of the results.
No, all the really cool sound studios do that.
It makes the bands sound better.
Yeah.
It's like, okay, you want a little echo or reverb on that?
Do what Elvis did.
Go over and buy the Coke machine there.
Excuse me for mentioning a product named the soda machine over there.
Well, there's a lot of stuff.
You know, the reason they have the rug, the music rug underneath you,
is so that when they pull it out from under you,
they can record the pratfall because that prat sound that you make
when you land flat on your back makes a great rhythm track
for, you know, these techno songs.
Yeah, I just think it's all multi-layered, too.
Anything like a broken scapula or a wing nut or a track track.
We actually used the sound of a scapula breaking
as a drum sound on a sampler.
A percussive sound, yes.
A percussive sound.
We accidentally got a good, clean recording of the long-ago Pastor Craig
falling off the back of a large man
because Craig was naked and covered with slick food coloring
or red body paint.
Reddy butt body paint.
And in front of him, they were wrestling.
They were wrestling.
And he fell, he was sort of thrown off this bucking pope, Pope Fred.
And he hit the tarp right in front of where I was filming at a very low angle.
You heard this snap and then a scream, continuous screaming.
And we isolated those sounds.
Yes.
And made a nice little backup track of snap and scream rhythm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Now see, if I was a good DJ, I'd whip that out.
I'd pull out that recording right now.
And if we were good DJettes, we'd be right next to you going,
Whip it out, baby, whip it out.
And then you would drag speed to whip it out and we'd go,
Ehhh.
And then the FCC would find the station, but we'd be famous
and we'd be on Sirius Radio getting paid.
Well, as long as it's not like that.
I said it's Facial Book or some other social mediums.
Well, we're there too.
We're there too, Dave.
I'm sorry.
But we are.
The princess is made.
Yeah.
Some people first tune in the Hour of Slack through Facebook.
Yeah.
If you can imagine that.
No.
I can't.
I think it's a worm ridden idea.
There are in fact seven Facebook pages where I post the links to the show
as soon as I put them online.
And the listen online is always on mine on the nights that I'm going to do a broadcast.
Yeah.
Princess Wee advertises the show.
Half an hour before we leave for the station, she always sends out an alert.
Yes.
I thought you just called it a lurch.
Well, both.
Yeah.
Sometimes.
You rang.
So what are you playing in the background?
The washerwoman?
Kind of.
It's a Japanese Irish jig from the game Monster Hunter.
Ah.
It goes with the little cat village.
The cat villagers, I think.
I think it's some Japanese people playing the washerwoman's house.
Oh, it sounds like Lucky Charms.
That's what it is.
Yes, it is.
I don't know this.
I don't know.
I don't want to go.
So, yeah, yeah.
A little Japanese Irish cats jigging around.
Isn't that cute?
Holding hands, dreaming of the day when the country will once again be free from the pertubes
that bend out of every different fallen direction.
It's a hard time living these days today because at any time a war could break out among us.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Wars are, aren't they, aren't there about five wars that are supposed to break out any
second now?
Yeah.
Mr. What's his name?
Mr. Schnozzle?
John Bolton or whatever his name is, wants to go to war with Iran, which I heard a lot
of interesting people saying that Mr. Bolton should be given a rifle until he'll go and
do it himself if he wants to order off millions of good American citizens to their, to foreign
battlefields.
Well, that's, it's, well, there's important rich people who want to own all that.
There's still oil there.
Yeah, there's oil too.
How come they're so acquisitive?
Did you ever wonder that?
Do you think there might be something spiritually imbalanced about these folks?
Oh, it's just what animals do.
They try to increase their territory.
Right.
It's just, it goes with, it's the circle of life.
It's the circle of life and cruelty, bullies and alpha males and all that.
It's nature bred in tooth and claw.
That's what Alistair Crowley said because he was a pig himself.
Well, yeah.
It's the conspiracy, but it's been there forever.
I mean, to the, to the-
Oh yeah, just think about the winged, Isis and Osiris winged, winged, winged, winged.
I mean, just think of them and then go, uh.
I mean, to the, to the zebras, the lions are the conspiracy, I guess.
Yeah, I'd take it that way.
But who knows?
Who are the hyenas?
They're the, they're the presumptive railroad bosses and the-
No, well, they're the, they're the conspiracy to the lions.
The lions consider the hyenas to be the conspiracy because they're just vampires.
You know, they just, they just, they wait for the lions to kill them.
They kill something and then they come in and steal off all the rotten meat.
They make people laugh too all the time, make themselves laugh.
No.
No.
Actually, they don't really sound like they're laughing.
They sound fiendishly wild and savage.
Yeah.
And dangerous.
Kind of scary.
Yeah.
And the way they're built, it's just to see their, all the forward motion that goes into that indelicate balance.
It's just enough to make you want to-
Yeah.
You know, I think I've heard people cry out in the rain sometime that you poor, full-eyed revolution, they're never going to catch up with you.
You know what?
I could swear though, I think I recently saw a YouTube video of somebody with a pet hyena that he had raised from a pup.
And it was this most loving, it acted just like our dog, Claudia.
Aww.
It was just like a sweet little dog, but it was a hyena.
Goodness.
Which, it wasn't grown.
It wasn't a grown hyena.
It was still a little.
It was a little one.
Wow.
I thought that their feralness was ensured forever or something.
You would think, yeah.
I remember some people, local people like to, they tame foxes and foxes just do not want to go into a crowded party room and go to the bathroom in the right places.
They want to go in all the wrong places.
They sure do out on the ranch.
Well, like this home spun of ways, you could say it.
You know, unless you were going to be a liar.
Oh, no, I'm not a liar.
I'm not, I'm a poop spotter.
I can ID, I can ID all the main types of poop now.
I even have an app on my phone.
It's like a, what's it called?
You know, whose crap is, am I?
Whose crap app?
Yeah, it's a whose crap app or something.
Yeah, it really is.
You know, you look for pictures of swollen pants.
Yeah, I can.
Whose poo is this?
Poo, pooing tons and match them up with the raccoon or fox or skunk or dog or bear or deer.
And naturally Japanese and the Koreans are getting more.
Or Japanese or Korean.
You can tell which nationality.
You have to, that costs more.
That app costs a lot more.
No, I mean, but more only humans practice the art.
Like in some places, in the social media now, like in, I guess I heard in South Korea and in Japan,
some goofballs decided they were going to wear the same clothes over and over and over every day until their, you know, genitalia flopped out or something.
That's not new.
I know a guy who actually did that.
Me too.
In the US years ago.
Tentatively a convenience.
He tried that experiment early in his career.
He wouldn't.
He didn't have many friends.
He didn't bathe for a year.
And at the end of it, he didn't have very many friends.
He also went a year handcuffed to somebody.
A girl.
Oh, he was like, like a mental artist.
And he was one of those reality artists and stuff that makes everybody go down public square all bare naked and sing and stuff.
He was the craziest of all the subgenius artists.
And everybody figured he'd be the first to die.
And the last to prosper.
But actually, he's done great.
He's had a continuous body of mind-blowingly weird work and happenings and things he's done to himself.
And he actually has a really nice old house in Pittsburgh.
Yes, he sure does.
With a good job in an art museum doing stuff.
And he's kind of a respected artist in different ways.
He's a genius in France.
Let me put it that way.
He was an artist in residence in Reykjavik, Iceland.
Wow.
Yeah, he was a famous artist in Reykjavik.
A lot of stoners sign up for that because they heat their plants and their aquaculture with vitreous gases.
And there's all kinds of steam coming out of Iceland.
Just ask Bjork.
She knows.
She's all good.
But Icelandic cuisine is steamed for that reason.
Fish.
Highly esteemed.
Steamed fish.
They have a different variety of steamed fish every single day of the year, too.
Right, and they steam it in volcanic gases, as you said.
Incredibly toxic volcanic gases.
But boy.
We know this because we're Americans.
And anything that we say long enough, like maybe three times or seven times, we say,
well, it's the absolute truth and that never needs to be cited anymore.
Well, if you repeat the lie enough, make it a big enough lie, they'll all just take it as household knowledge.
That's working for them.
Household knowledge.
It works for them.
Yeah, I like the way you put that household knowledge meaning.
Well, everybody knows that everybody knows that everybody knows.
And actually not one of the facts they cited.
Nobody knows anything.
No.
Did you?
Did you know, for instance, Dave, in the Bible, it says that God forbids tattoos.
Well, then I better get this thing removed from the bottom of my sheets because it makes my underpants look a little squirrely, if you know what I mean.
Do you seriously have tattoos on the bottom of your feet, Dave?
I always wanted to do that.
No, that's horrible.
That's an ill prescription.
Just think of the pain you must endure.
The top of your foot controls lung function.
You probably start coughing and crying at the same time.
Oh, I guess so.
I'm doing that anyway.
I just like the idea of stepping on a Dobbs head every time I walk.
Yeah, we were both going to, we both decided that if we ever got any tattoo, it would be a Dobbs head on our heel.
Right.
So that we'd be stepping on Bob's face.
Crushing with every step.
With every step.
Yes.
But he'd be protecting us.
You know, he'd be protecting us from rusty nails.
Yes.
And I had also had the idea of having a Dobbs head tattooed on my thumb so I could have him under my thumb.
But didn't do that either.
That sounds exciting.
I think, though, if you were in the French Revolution, I'd say around 1798, and you wore a big old brace that said that I'm not going to be a stumble bum no more, you'd have a hard time getting out of the Bastille, you know?
They'd put you on the left side of the pinky place where they'd count the numbers, you know?
No.
No.

The pinky place?
Okay, let me start all over again.
Obviously, I'm not connecting from a third base.
No, there was a subgenius lady who got a Dobbs head tattooed on the inside of her eyelids so she'd always see a sort of a crude Dobbs head.
But of course, you know, like typical of the people who get really elaborate tattoos of Bob, she hates the church's subgenius now.
Yeah.
That happens to everybody who really disfigures themselves with a Dobbs head.
Spends a lot of time and money on that, yeah.
Yeah, the more money you spend and the more obvious the giant Dobbs head on your arm or back is, the more certain it is that the time will come when you detest everything about it.
And you're stuck with it, Dan.
You're stuck with my personal trademark.
Right on the skin of your body.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What a beautiful introduction.
Forever.
But God forbid tattoos.
It's in Leviticus 1928.
He also forbid, forbidden male homosexuality, but he didn't say anything about lesbians.
There's not a word about lesbians in the Bible.
That was a great recurrence we had going for us.
Or abortion.
We packed the haul, so to speak, and we were glad to learn that we could watch all the movies we wanted to and we wouldn't have to worry about how many people we had.
And we didn't have to worry about how many male homosexuals come interrupting us.
Now, here's a rule that if Christians really believed every part of the Bible, they'd do this.
They'd get rid of all their tattoos, for one thing.
But the next thing they'd do is, well, okay, according to God, any man who suspects his wife of adultery must bring her into God's tent, where a priest will make her drink dirty, dirty water.
The water, God explains, shall enter into her and cause bitter pain, and her womb shall discharge, her uterus drop, and the woman shall be in execration among her people.
Unless, of course, the woman is innocent, in which case the dirty water won't hurt her.
She shall be immune and be able to conceive children.
And that's in Numbers 511.
Can you believe it?
Numbers 511 through 31.
Wow.
Of Leviticus.
No, Numbers.
Numbers.
Numbers.
Leviticus is the part about the tattoos.
How could...
Oh, by the end, when God's...
Had those abjurances before many thousands of years ago, they actually had that?
Oh, yeah, sure.
They had dirty water.
You mean, I'm just saying, did you make a lot of that up?
No!
I'm reading from the Bible, Dave.
I'm reading from the old...
You made my toes curl up.
It freaked me out knowing that that was what was going on, that you were reading from the
Bible.
Pick up your Bible.
Don't you read from the Bible every day?
Hell no.
It's got the weirdest sci-fi and perverted, horrifying tortures and punishment and complete
genocide.
You know, when God said, love thy neighbor, he specifically meant thy neighboring Israelite.
Everybody else should be put to the death.
Then God was...
They made it sound like our Lord was a sex fiend and nothing could be further from the
truth.
Oh, it depends.
It depends.
It's like...
Maybe that minivan or...
It's okay to get your dad drunk and then get yourself impregnated by him if you're worried
that there won't be any more guys around, because that's what happened to Noah.
Or look upon his nakedness.
That's what I always used to like to do when I was studying the Bible.
I'd go and look at my father while he was bare naked, because then I'd be banned and
I won't be able to see.
They'll ban my eyesight.
Isn't that the one?
No, that was Ham, who was named after us.
Yeah, the Lord is not a sex fiend, as men count sex fiends.
However, he is a bloodthirsty killer.
Yeah.
The Lord commands the men of Israel to slay the Midianites.
This they do with gusto, killing every man, plundering and pillaging, taking for slaves
all the women and children.
However, when they return to camp, Moses isn't happy.
Have you allowed all the women to live?
He asks them.
Kill every male among the little ones, and kill every woman who has known a man by sleeping
with him.
But all the young girls who have not known a man by sleeping with him, keep alive for yourselves.
That's Moses' directions, translating for God, in Numbers 31, 1 through 18.
What a barbaric tome.
The Bible, I knew it was.
I knew it was kind of a little bit, you know, strange.
And I knew it had been tampered with for one of the many, like, 5,000 years, over the last
5,000 years.
People had changed a lot of stuff.
And also, a lot of it had nothing to do with the laws of, of biblical laws and stuff like
that, but rather just how to make a sandwich.
Here's another good one.
No, there's a lot about, yeah, there's a lot about how to make a sandwich and how, and
what happens if you do it wrong.
If men get into a fight with one another, and the wife of one intervenes to rescue her
husband from the grip of his opponent by reaching out to him, and he's going to kill him, and
he's going to become a son of a bitch, or that kind of kind of thing, then turn things
around and he gets angry, right?

And parable emphasize to嗔
You��
ível
aud pray
You send the laум
to the feet over images, and the Lord says,
if you Отte finance
an attempt of to shine
from your wife
was really a Bible expert.
And I inherited all his books about the Bible.
Yes.
Now, his take on it,
after he'd been studying its history for years,
is that it's all fiction from top to bottom.
And he taught Bible studies at the Methodist Church
in Glen Rose for 20 years.
Yes, carefully placing seeds of doubt
into the minds of the growing people there.
Yeah, he would read him stuff like that
and say, now you just think about that.
They considered him quite a character.
Dave, it's getting nigh on to the end of show.
Oh, I'm sorry.
And that means it's time for us to say
that they're listening to the hour of slack.
And people who are interested in learning more
about the Bible or the Bible,
as we might call the book of the subgenius,
they can check off to subgenius.com.
And Dave's book, Neighbor World, is on sale there.
Although...
It's a beautiful book.
That's right, I'm not supposed to...
Anyway, somebody bought a copy of Neighbor World today.
It is available there.
Somebody bought a copy of Neighbor World today.
All right.
Well, I think they should...
I should be buying one every day.
Every minute.
I'm rather surprised.
Because I know who has bought one.
That means I know who hasn't bought one.
I've been kind of surprised at who hasn't bought one.
Me too.
Who hasn't bought one?
I want to know.
A lot of people.
Oh, you name them.
You name them.
The ones that we give as gifts,
people love them when they get one as a gift.
Hey, it's time to end the show
and feed the dog her pills.
And I get a pill.

The dog gets a pill and I get a pill.
They're both wrapped in peanut butter
so that we'll eat them.
And the other dog just gets a finger full of peanut butter
with no pill in it
so he doesn't feel left out.
He doesn't care about the pill.
It's just the peanut butter.
So praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
And praise peanut butter.
And praise Dave.
Dave, the lonesome cowboy.
Indeed, praise Dave.
He's our only listener.
Drain it.
Okay, man.
We're going to go.
Okay.
We have to go.
Okay.
And could...
He's going.
Is he going?
Are you potting him down?
I'm not.
I think he just went.
Aw.
Remember when we were doing it at home,
I'd still be recording.
Yeah.
It's like I'd say,
stay on the line,
but we'll keep...
But he'd hang up.
But Dave would hang up.
Yeah, it was like,
it felt like if it was the end of the show
that he had to hang up.
But that meant we couldn't talk to him anymore.
And sometimes we got the best stuff
just for the internet.
The internet audience,
which is what you're hearing right now.
Because I'll have to cut what I'm saying right now
for all the other stations.
It has to be under an hour.
The internet thing, though,
gets all the extra stuff.
In this case,
we got a...
Dr. Sinister is running a little bit late.
A few minutes late.
And that means I can play
a beautiful subgenius song
written by Sister Malaya.
It's called,
The Dodeous Chops.
Aww.
With Princess Wee singing on it also.
Oh, shucks.
It's The Marriage of Bob and Connie.
All right.
Professionally recorded.
One of my favorites.
By Regis Sedwick.
Sedlock.
Sedlock.
Did I say Sedwick?
I think you said Sedwick.
Yeah, Sedlock.
Sedlock, yes.
I should know.
Sounds good.
I've been working with that guy
for 25 or...
30 years every now and then.
Uh-huh.
Man.
Anyway, okay.
The Ballad of...
No, this is...
The Marriage of Bob and Connie.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thanks.
No, then let's talk about

Talk that into the Israeli language.

It's The Marriage of Mike,



It's the miracle of the 90s It's the talk of all the abyss
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie In the church of subgenius
I've seen a mating of the iguana On the rocks is what they prefer
While the sloths just like to hang around Hoping something will occur
And though their rabbit is most unsteady He is always ready once more
But when it comes to Bob and Connie There's no way of keeping score
Oh, it's the miracle of the 90s It's the talk of all the abyss
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie In the church of subgenius
La la la la la
A dragonfly has balance A black widow has banash
But Bob and Connie got their hands On each other's personal stash
And anaconda has got constriction And a crocodile has her grin
But Bob and Connie are all the same
They're the one true origin of sin
Oh, it's the miracle of the 90s It's the talk of all the abyss
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie In the church of subgenius
La la la la la
Hey!
And Connie
La la la la la
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
T-Bob
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la T-Bob
Brown-eyed Bob
The ostrich do it in circles With her head stuck in the ground
Why the lemmings like to get it done
With lots of folk around
So many combinations
The results are always the same
So prepare to get it done
In Bob and Connie's name
Oh
It's the miracle of the 90s
It's the talk of all the obvious
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie
In the churches of GDS
It's the miracle of the 90s
It's the talk of all the obvious
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie
In the churches of GDS
The natural gotcha is the work
Of it, shine, shine
To feel so much why
Don't you say goodbye
Don't you insult me
In the churches of GDS
The miracle of the 90s
It's the talk of all the obvious
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie
Just come with me
In the church of logic
La la la la la
And Connie
La la la la la
And Connie
La la la la la
And Connie
La
Don't listen to her
Don't listen to her
You can find help
You can be deprogrammed
You can find out the truth
They beat me to death
They force you to sleep on boards
But that device
I don't know
What's going on
It's alright
They stay in the house
But some geniuses
Came in and they
Took the money

And took all my furniture
And sold it to buy me
This neck brace
That I can't take off now
And they said it was a living being
And that
Ow
Ow
Ow
Oh I got a
Bring the upper lip down
Below the upper teeth
Be sure to keep it down
Until the fingers are in position
At each corner of the mouth
Insert your finger
And put a thumb under the upper lip
Now slide the thumbs along the inside
Of the upper lip
Until they are positioned
Just below that
To the side of each nostril
Two
Raise both thumbs facing out
To the mouth
Four
Extend the muscle forward
And hold
The head of the chest down
And breathe
The results are thrilling
Everywhere these messages are heard
Souls are being saved
And sick bodies are being saved
And they are being healed
God don't send them your money
They've got me locked up in there
Yes I too
Refused to send money to the church of the subgenius
And I too fell under the power of Migi
You must tell them what the deal is
And I just think people should know
They're trying to shut us up
But there are subgenius dissidents
And I just think people should know
That I'm a
I'm a



I'm a
I'm a






I'm a
From PR News in Washington
I'm singer Frank Ariklander
And I'm failing to register as a foreign singer
Such as Jesse Clinton and Bill Jackson
For the funeral services he did
On behalf of Ukrainian singers
Such as former president Samuel Patton
While working for singers tied to Paul Manafort
Manafort is set to be released in August 2016

to go on trial next month on related charges of failing to sing for the Trump administration
on a renegotiated North American Free Foreign Singer Agreement.
Among the obstacles, Canada wants PR News Washington.
Members didn't make much progress, and it's unclear when they'll be back.
The doubt is 23-26-10-30-80-18.
Democrats tries to racially gerrymand to dilute PR's power.
Under the rules for the hunt, fewer than two dozen federal judges would have been allowed to be killed.
California fire officials say they're listening to the deadly PR news from Washington.
Words of love for PR News Washington.
The next PR news conference should的是Sí,









