This guy JR is on my TV.
I took my pills.
I didn't get any money.
What's this guy trying to do to me?
I gotta, gotta, gotta get a gun or a job.
I gotta, gotta, gotta get a gun or a job.
I'm sick of Bob.
I don't have to run away from anything because I don't believe in anything.
What direction is the ceiling?
Back the other way.
That where you escaped from.
But let's leave things of this world behind
and walk now down the path of Bob for this brief minute of slack from the church of the subgenius.
The devil owes you money, friend.
But Bob Dobbs is the bank where you can cash it in.
We gotta burn out the banks of the devil.
We gotta root him out.
Burn out the hate.
Burn out the radiation.
Burn out the fire.
Standing around acting like you got wires of blood and anybody else,
but you ain't because I'm the one that has it, not you, me.
What are you talking about?
About I know things I ain't never learned.
How I can see.
I can see the signs.
It's something that just happens.
And I got to do some things sometimes.
I got to do some things sometimes I don't even want to do.
And sometimes inside me I can feel it.
I can feel it pulling and tugging at me and pushing.
And I can feel my blood beating.
And I got to do this thing right now.
It's wires of blood.
Ain't everybody has it.
See, it's a gift.
It's a gift.
Like a gift for the prophets.
Now, I ain't saying I'm a prophet.
No.
It ain't like that.
But it's like that.
You're crazy, boy.
You get away from me and you stay away.
I'm going where I'm going.
I got a woman.
I got a woman, see.
And that's where I'm going, to visit her.
He thinks if he keeps on insulting you that you go away.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Scary and neat.
Oh, no.
More cars going in and out of little corridors.
We can do those clicks, too.
Oh, there he is.
Quick, fire.
Fire one.
Oh, he missed him.
There he is.
Quick, fire another one.
Hey, are you fed up with boring radio?
I'm tired of Turgeon Antigua's Top 40.
I'm tired of your precious love.
I'd do anything.
Yes, I would.
Prepare to puke over pretty paw.
Well, well, well, well, it's time to enter the subgenius hour of sweat.
Welcome potential initiates and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Driven to suicide with the pressures of a crumbling society?
Fed up with hip light weights?
Well, get ready to kick back and explore the psychodynamics of abnormality.
Because...
Because...
The Doctors are here.
Yes, don't worry.
Everything's all right.
Everything's just fine.
Ah, yes, dear friends, everything's just fine.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang, and it's so good to be back in Dallas after another sojourn afar in search of historic Bob.
This time it was New York City, and yes, friends, I left that package of subgenius video PR at MTV, just like they asked me, and I haven't heard a peep out of them since.
And that's good.
For MTV not to call us back after finding out what we were really about, I think, says something in our favor.
Praise that old Bobby.
We did have better luck at Spin Magazine, Screw Magazine, and Simon & Schuster, who will now be, praise Bob, officially reprinting the book of the subgenius this spring.
Praise Dobbs, praise Dobbs, and you'll all have to buy new copies now, because...
the second edition will be a little different from the first, so things are looking up for the mighty church of the subgenius, friends.
Now, last week, you listeners were sadly banished from the glowing, benevolent rays of the lofty, intellectually high-faluted, urethodox, Stangian paradise type of show to the bitter hell of the buck-naked doctrinal schism.
Now, friend, you're gonna have to decide.
Are you a Stangite? A Nakedite? Or just a... a U-ite, eh?
You're gonna have to pick a side.
Well, friends, I want you to know that I could be out hunting me some prairie squid tonight.
I could. But I... I mean, I don't have to do this show.
Most of y'all don't even deserve the sweet word of Bob.
But this is gonna be an easy one, though, because tonight we offer you a sampling of other...
subgenius radio ministries in other states and even other lands.
The airwaves tonight, friends, will be fraught with peril as shows collide around you for the next hour.
Uh, because last week we got tapes from, uh, the Serious Abuse Show.
These are weekly subgenius programs... programs for friends.
The subgenius, uh, Serious Abuse Show from Richmond, Virginia, which is a brand new one and mighty fired up.
With the pure hate, the gospel hate-a-dobs, friends.
And from the new, the brand new Hour of Slack in Boston, Massachusetts.
With Bleepo Abernethy from the Sister Chris subgenius half hour at WFMU in New Jersey.
And last but first, the more than an hour, less than a show show from KPFA Berkeley.
And you'll see how lucky you heathens are to have the Dallas Hour of Slack right here in the very cradle of the Bob.
Uh, because these foreign shows, uh, some of them are a little bit better at sacred, uh, the sacred church accultation technique known as listener elimination.
Of course, Buck and I have been known to show the occasional total disregard for the listener's feelings, but we don't hurt you randomly, dear friends.
We aren't doing this, we aren't tormenting you just to amuse ourselves. Nay, we hurt you for a reason.
A good reason.
And that reason is our great thrice-killed guru, J.R. Bob-Dobbs.
Eee-yi-yi-yi-yi-yi.
This show and all other subgenius shows are designed to have a calculated effect on the bicameral split between your left and right brains.
And that's why you have to listen in stereo.
Otherwise, you won't be able to get the strands separated and you'll get all tangled up in the dogma that we broadcast at you.
Now, uh, all of we radio doctors are accredited surgeons of the airwaves.
Uh, we're not.
We're like real, look at our faces, man, and my body rocks!
Now friends, we're allывают condescending to tiny little...
Robot living sé giftographies of nanowows here and there,
but that's as far as the mysophobia of the voc ned hasażed me.
And with all of that involved, I've been d一,

Naturally, there's no material to frame this feature more than a working kid simply imprisoned on a mat

and in your head, Have you played시디
who gave Var ninny a torn dressing?
It's mandatory that you listen to us, and you're mighty lucky you're allowed to, dear friends.
Now, that understood, we may now proceed with the tape recording.
All the callers are lining up right now to talk to the doctor.
But don't worry. Everything's all right.
Your radio is taking control of you.
Relax. You're in the hands of the doctor.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
The motion picture you're about to see contains scenes so terrifying,
the public must be given grave warning.
Therefore, the management has instituted visual and audible warning
at the beginning of each of the four supreme fright.
Points.
The fear flasher is the visual warning.
The horror horn is the audible warning.
Turn away when you see the fear flasher.
Close your eyes when you hear the horror horn.
Shut up!
Shut up!
Shut up!
Shut up!

What must the listeners at home think?
It's terrible in the cavernous echoing shell of our rocket
with all these floating babies and the zero gravity.
Hunger.
The dogs.
The pinwheels.
The rolling by.
And we're having a little bit of navigational difficulties,
but we're still transmitting to you the subgenius hour
and a half of true cosmic puzzlingness
and evidential nausea and the will to disbelieve.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers,
and it bears a laden crest full of sad experience
moving toward the stillness of your rest.
The landing.
Small.
Hysteria.
Physical discomfort or loneliness.
The cure is obvious.
I always wanted to be on the radio,
and now I have a chance,
and better than Christmas.
It's boring, megalomaniacal, monotonous.
A movie camera?
Table tennis?
A wallet?
A dog?
What?
I hear the magic word,
well, boring me!
Yeah, that's closer.
That's closer.
That's closer.
You can achieve it.
You will achieve the cider spasm with the excess,
if you do that enough, friend.
This caller has just requested that I perform a wedding for him
this coming weekend.
It's the first wedding over the phone now.
We can historically probably say at WMBR at least.
We can perform this wedding over the phone right now,
if you would like.
Right now.
Yeah!
Yes, okay.
Rachel and Stefan,
you know the seriousness of the commitment you're bringing yourself to,
and you realize that all the consummations
that make up a relationship between a man and a woman,
that you've done,
you've already done before.
Well, where you're at now is,
you're going to make the deal that binds it all together.
So,
do you, Rachel, take Stefan to be your lawfully wedded husband,
with the word of Bob to be your guiding light?
Yes, so help me, Bob.
And you, Stefan, take Rachel to be your lawfully wedded wife,
with Bob's true slack,
true slack being your guiding force in your lives.
Help me, Bob.
Okay, I want you to...
I can't take this, Dr. Fishmonger.
It's too beautiful.
I want you to, I want you two to join hands.
I want you, I want you to shake hands.
All right, hold on a sec.
I want you two to shake hands.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
And say, it's a deal.
It's a deal!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob.
Yeah!
Oh, praise Bob.
That was a beautiful thing.
That was a beautiful, beautiful thing.
And may they have a wonderful life together.
That's totally...

That was the first legal marriage over the airways of WMBR, Cambridge.
That's right.
The reverends of the Church of the Subgenius are legally empowered to perform marriages.
So, we do invite your calls here.
D, can you see?
Jesus calls you.
Jesus calls you.
Hey, looky down yonder.
Did you see that blind man down there?
He's giving out tracts and begging Jesus you ought to see him.
And he's got this here ugly child.
I mean, you better get up.
You know, on the other side, lady, there's a fool down there giving out tracts.
Don't pay no attention to that fanatic up there.
Don't I know what exists and what don't?
Ain't I got eyes in my head?
Am I a blind man?
Let me tell you something.
Maybe you think that you ain't clean because you don't believe.
Every one of you are clean.
And I'll tell you why.
Why?
You think it's because of Jesus Christ crucified.
You're wrong.
I ain't saying he wasn't crucified, but I say it wasn't for you.
I'm going to start a new church.
The church approved without Jesus Christ crucified.
And it won't cost you nothing to join my church.
It ain't started yet, but it's going to be.
I don't need Jesus.
What do I need Jesus for?
I got Leora Watt.
What?
Preachers, babies, there be seen.
Attention, Richmond.
This is the voice of the Red Cave Media Center,
loosely affiliated with the Church of the Subgenius,
broadcasting to you from the studios of
The FM.
The doctor is in.
Yes, the doctors are in.
Just straight talk.
Just some straight BS.
Dr. Gene Scott.
From your hosts, Dr. Can't Sleep, Dr. S.B. Boyd, and Dr. T.M. Oscar.
Tired of the conspiracy telling you what to do-do?
Just listen to the doctors, or even call 289-UR90.
No, don't call that number.
Don't call any number.
And Bob don't like it.
Me.
Neither.
And now, the doctors.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
And what we just heard was a sampling of,
oh, you got a little bit of your Berkeley show
with Puzzling Evidence, Dr. Al,
and the show that dare not speak its name,
and Gary the Broke Friend.
And you got your Rat Cave media show
with Steve Slack and T.M. Oscar doing that
from some horrible little college station.
You're a hateful bunch of ranters there.
And a bit of the Hour of Slack,
Boston, Massachusetts version.
Now, of course, the Berkeley was the first weekly
subgenius radio show.
But friends, you know, the subgenius shows thus far,
they tend to fall into two groups.
Either the wellmanized, willy-nilly, happening, be-in,
call-in, or the other way around.

The call-in, love-in kind of show,
a la that Berkeley show or the Rat Cave Virginia show.
Versus your Stangian or Abernathy and Bostonian show type shows,
which are the tightly scripted and heavily edited
and censored pieces of Bob packaging,
which you have come to so know and love, baby.
And let's just see.
Oh, oh, oh.
And this here.
On camera three is a WFMU in New Jersey.
This will be the fifth one we're playing.
This is Sister Chris.
Or this is actually a guest of the mighty Sister Chris,
who came in from Poland, I believe.
Now, see another dimension on your TV.
Wait a minute.
I don't want to see any more dimensions on my TV.
Shoot, we ran the videotape instead.
I'm sorry.
There was a little Super 8 video.
Oh, we're going to have a blast.
Excuse me with this audio.
What?
Bob's promises to widen the scope and nature
of abnormal behavior to explore new ways of going over the edge.
Yes, indeedy.
This is Sister Grajina back on the airwaves of WFMU.
Sister Chris and I have reconciled our differences
about muscling in on airtime and spontaneous feelings, et cetera.
And I'm here to tell you out there in the ether
about my experiences with UFOs and my religious convictions.
And I don't mean arrest records.
You understand?
I'm rambling about the spiritual, the metaphorical,
and the comically cosmic.
And my first visitation happened when I was 4 years old.
One overcast and calm.
communist oppressed day, I was playing in the family beat field with my hometown of Viborova,
when this strange buzzing sound was boring what felt like a big hole in my skull, and a stiffening
inaction took over my whole body and my toes too. And then it seemed as if the sound tried to pull
me out, my living soul, out my body shell, but there was too much resistance. Too bad no one was
around to witness this extraterritorial shenanigans there. It must have looked pretty weird from the
outside. On the inside, I was confused and terrified. I was literally excreting building material.
But the crazy kid I was, it started to feel nice.
Like a new kind of amusement ride. I don't remember much else about that first experience,
or how long it lasted. The thing is, ever since that time, I've been hearing strange voices,
and been on the receiving end of many bizarre visions. Psychiatrists and other members of the
craziness oppression caste call me and the others of the chosen sex.
So when I hold even a biodegradable side, Razic's body goes moved, to clip rich and
liquorice, a rock коð?m or black on call? Who would believe that it was just a
short scene a big reboot of the 23 year old passionυslu repetitive romance film?
And presented at a king's bonnet.
카어로
sa
ach
It's all right to rock out and jam with these aliens as long as I get the minimum daily
requirement of slack that I need and they don't and as long as they don't reap my lungs out my chest
If I do something, you know that they don't like
Destruction
We've heard all of that
Dear friends. I just had a caller calling up wanting to know what the deal was on the afterlife if there was one and and
What they were gonna do to him when he got there and I explained to him that you've got your we've got five stages that
We know of starting with the bottom the Christian hell
We talked about this about three shows back you got your Christian hell on the bottom
Then your Christian heaven then your earth, which is the course of another layer of hell
Then you got the higher than that though a lot more comfortable as the subgenius hell which wouldn't really be punishment
But really believe me I you know you you believe me don't you this is eternal salvation or triple your money back
We wouldn't try to lead you down the wrong path
Yes, the subgenius
Heaven is even above the subgenius hell and that's Asgard
Known in other tongues or you know Nirvana
Actually, it makes Nirvana seem like getting your eyes
carved out with a with a pair of pliers
And just one end of the pair of pliers not yanked out but gouged out. That's what Nirvana is like
Compared to the mighty squirting universe of the Chris of the subgenius heaven
Go don't that bless your heart friends. Well, this is the
subgenius hour of slack radio ministry with the Church of the subgenius here at Kano and
90.9 FM in
Dallas, Texas and
in virons and
And then we're playing we're playing excerpts from a sister and brother shows all over the place
What you just heard was an excerpt from the sister Chris show she gets a tapes from a
one of the lovely nun snakes in Poland in communist Poland and
And I've been getting tapes from the Pope of all China com read communist China
This is dr. Lee Lee Jing
in Beijing
And you can't write to him because that would get him in a whole lot of trouble dear friends
But he's gonna be sending some more updates of his Chinese three minutes of slack in Chinese by the way speaking of Chinese
It's a great movie last night a great wall
Can't tell you where?
Because that would be an advertisement which you didn't pay for
But anyway, here we go
Please Bob. Oh, yes difference
This is the meeting the Chinese subgenius
And you are listening to the hour of slack
Texas
Remember Bob and the Comrade of God
Oh people here in China just like in America
People need to thank
in Chinese
We call slack
But it must be true slack not the best lack of the conspiracy
Please Bob. Help me somebody
Oh
This is dr. Can't sleep and you can't sleep tonight
No sleep in Richmond tonight because the doctors have taken control of WDC EFM as forewarned
Oh, you were fooled by the dates on the flyers. You thought it was tomorrow night
We're always ahead of time
Yes, we have time control and we'll be telling you how you too can exercise time control later tonight on tonight's show
This is dr. S before it ready to shave off the top of your head at a moment's notice
This is dr. S before it ready to shave off the top of your head at a moment's notice
I guess we should be grateful for the media manipulators who have yes beyond what what bond what is your
I'm sorry Bob Bob there in the background squeaking among those. Yes trades by my yes, Bob might show up tonight
If we get enough callers at what's the number there dr. Boy, that's to a
Bob's voice
up in our official subgenius all night radio thon for mental dystrophy a frightening disease which
is crippling most of the minds here in the commonwealth call up and well you know yes you
have reached the show how about that is certainly unintelligible well thank you for that holy
holy i'm enlightened thank you for that holy i see i see the light i understand now i understand
it all we can just pack up the show and go home we've answered all the questions in just 10 minutes
all it takes is one call and all your problems are over yes i believe that was the theme for
this current show the corpulence of a crumbling society
so this is the boring
part of this show it's getting so boring
oh let's just go out and watch a hardcore show and get drunk and go home and pass out
see um we're stalling uh we're actually stalling we're saving the better part of this show until
you'll have to stay up till 5 a.m to hear the good part of this show and the sounds of the
stress and strain that we have worked in we're in the final countdown what is hoped will be
mankind's
first orbit around the moon i was wondering has the show started yet no no this is the warm-up we
generally warm up yes we're broadcasting from outer space to radio station kpfh and a garbled
version is reaching you oh i'll get it oh why come in welcome to our hi rogers we're going
like to record set recorders for stun and as the message is going to be played we're going to be

broadcasting to the earth mobius rex turns it into code which only the high masters the elders
can understand when they listen to this show we're passing through clouds of uh images and words which
were sent from earth many years ago fortunately we catch up with them and then we pass them
but our linguistic scoop brings them to you for your listening pleasure the amazing tales from the
church of the subject
be there for the end of the private life and the destruction of the american dream
don't say you weren't warned
you've got to save you
you are normal aren't you stay away keep your distance you you are normal aren't you
i mean you are normal aren't you oh yes dear friends well i'll tell you what
oh there there's that was so that last one was the berkeley show just so you keep track that was
the show with the one guy with the really heavy eyebrow right across the middle that's unibrow
and then there was the heavier guy with the glasses and the incredible vocabulary and that's
dr howell and then there is the rastafarian with real pale face and really
tanned uh fingers and palms and that was uh uh gary gabrog friend well friends
i have to pause here in the midst of these this wonderful barrage of of tapes and explain to you
why you can't call in now two weeks ago dear friends many of you many of you faithful
who listen to every hour of slack because you need every hour of slack in your week
many of you heard the sermon about our friend the prairie squid that frisky and fecund mollusk so
dear to the hearts of all us country boys and girls but dr g gordon gordon and i got so carried
away with ranting about the forbidden delights of that pesky land squid that we completely
neglected the warnings the stern warnings friends that should be delivered to all squid fornication
services i.e we forgot to mention the arboreal squids which uh dear friends secrete a poisonous
fluid from their inner sheath and we forgot to mention the night squids which carry foul diseases
and the toothed the toothed squids which are rather hard to dislodge from your um body once
you start to uh you know do what you do with a prairie squid i don't think i have to spell that
but uh worst of all friends and i can only beg your forgiveness for this uh this this if this
warning comes too late we forgot to tell you about the beak the beak of the prairie squid they all
have that beak friends even though you can't see it and you have to pull the beak with a pair of
pliers before you start to you know to to before you make them safe to use and dr gordon and i
sort of took it for granted that that was common knowledge that that was common knowledge that that
everybody uh to that everybody knew to de-beak a squid before you get on with your business and
uh as much as we make fun of people who don't know what a prairie squid is we don't want the
responsibility for a bunch of city boys getting out there and they don't know jack about a squid
friend and they don't have oh a pink boy don't have time for foreplay with a prairie squid oh
it's just an animal what do i have to worry about it's just a prairie squid it's just a prairie squid
it's just a prairie squid it's just a prairie squid it's just a prairie squid it's just a prairie squid
these pink boys they don't want to mess with tickling that squid to get it to quiet down a bit
calm it down oh they're afraid to pull the beak because oh it might hurt the poor beast and we'll
be getting all these calls on our answer machine at the bulldog of time control headquarters from
boys with high voices saying oh reverend stan i should have sent for instructions from bob
but i blew it off oh bob why didn't i send you money
oh they'll be wailing and holding their stitches friends oh those of ye who were too dumb to know
what a prairie squid is to begin with you'll be finding out the once hard way so to speak
so beware the prairie squid my son beware that beak that bite they don't know jack about a squid
friend and they don't have oh a pink boy don't have time for foreplay with a prairie squid oh
it's just an animal what do i have to worry about these pink boys they don't want to mess with
tickling that squid to get it to quiet down a bit calm it down oh they're afraid to pull the beak
because oh it might hurt the poor beast and we'll be getting all these calls on our answer machine
at the bulldog of time control headquarters from boys with high voices saying oh reverend stan i
should have sent for instructions from bob but i blew it off oh it's just a prairie squid and we'll
have to wait and see what happens but i blew it off oh bob why didn't i send you money oh they'll
be wailing and holding their stitches friends oh those of ye who were too dumb to know what a
prairie squid is to begin with you'll be finding out the once hard way so to speak so beware the
prairie squid my son beware that beak that bites and the girls don't have to worry about that
because uh the part of a prairie squid that a girl used doesn't have to worry about that
they have a beak although in the uh south american variety they sport little spines up and down and
of course those are treasured by some sophisticated uh ladies of society oh yeah and friends uh now as
you know we have recorded some 41 hour of slack shows this is this one is number 40 no 42 but two
weeks ago friends someone else screwed up
and the mighty prairie squid show was not recorded in its entirety we're missing a good tape of the
first half hour of one of our shows so to those beloved diehards out there who take this show and
i know there's some out there please dear friends for the love of bob send us your tape of the
prairie squid show send us a copy if you must send the original and we'll make it worth your while
you'll get a free extra copy of all subgenius books and publications
plus several uncut media barrage audio tapes as well and a chance to be in bob's new music video
so why don't you just uh send that tape to p.o box this is bob this is the number where you can
write for information about prairie squids prairie squid safety about where to get the
slack that the conspiracy denied you about where about where to find bob and put him in your life
and get back the juices that were stolen in the night by those evil succubi
and things of the darkness and friends that you got that pencil now the number to write is bob
that's the number at p.o box 140 306 dallas
texas 75214 that's right friends send that tape of the prairie
Squids show and send us your
return address send us anything we will pay
you back in ways you can't imagine
the church of the subgenius
can pay you back for that
tape of this mighty show that we
so need because it was such a nasty
one you know without
using any bad words
so I'll praise Bob so they won't
be having a senate
committee investigate us this year
well friends we're gonna
this is KNON 90.9
in Dallas Texas
90.9 FM
yeah
there's mighty Li Jing
the agent for Bob in China
he's about to
close in on those conspiracy
bad guys who stole
that bucket of slack and that
beautiful girl
Pope Li
Li Jing
he's a bad
bad spy for
Bob
Li Jing
and he's closing in
on those conspiracy
that one looks pretty good
well sir I'm telling you
in fact I'm gonna come right out and say it
nobody listens to this show
Bob came out of that book
Bob came out of that book
yes it was
Bob came out of the phone book
Bob came from the phone company
the phone company
Ah, yes.
It was the phone company. This is the truth.
This is the truth. Nothing else on this show is true but this.
This is the moment we've all been waiting for.
I know I'll be taken out in shock.
You forget to tell us which phone company.
At that time, there was only one phone company.
At the time I speak of, there was only one phone company covering the Earth.
Its tendrils extended in every direction.
Listen, you shouldn't be wasting your time with this stuff.
And so it was that Ivan Stang came upon the sacred territory of the phone book,
which he found in the men's room of the bus station.
And in that phone book was the face, the face that we know as a mass of dots.
A mass of dots, a strange convoluted grouping of energy
which may have traveled through space and time for longer than anyone knows.
But it came out of the phone book. That's what I'm trying to tell you.
I know they want to silence me because they don't want to know
and they don't want us to get through.
But he came from the phone.
I think there's something wrong with your tape.
It's 1984.
The tape is worn.
The deathless are gone.
What I like about the Church of the Sleep Genius is that you can totally screw up
and then become pope and collect an enormous amount of money
and gain eternal salvation or at least a nice piece of beachfront property.
That's right.
Bob is just a wonderful thing.
Whatever he is.
He doesn't forgive your sins.
He doesn't care about your sins.
He justifies your sins.
He shows you how to peddle those sins.
You can hate him.
You can kill him.
You can love him.
It doesn't matter.
You just kind of like pop up and down to it.
I just love it and I like the Southwest.
It will probably kind of sneak over and eat you and the West at the same time.
It's kind of a bi-location deal.
Oh, mother.
What's happening?
Oh, mother.
I think you've been miscarried.
Oh, no.
What's happening?
Oh, no.
What's happening?
I can't tell.
Oh, no.
Can you?
What's happening?
I can't believe this is happening to me.
What's happening?
I keep crawling into those black holes.
They are so enticing.
What's happening to me?
I can't even hear myself anymore.
You've been duplicated.
Well, hey.
Let's trade with him, bro.
Let me out.
Maybe I'll have another chance.









I'm going to have to get a new collar here at the subgenius asylum of anti-pinkness.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello.
Yes.
This is Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
How may we serve you?
Hello, Reverend, and I'd like to address a question to Dr. Albert Fishmonger.
Fishmonger here.
Yes.
Doctor, I was wondering, the collar mentioned earlier the question of whether one has to
be into water sports to hit Bob.
And you had explained it as the elements which you used for your hatred weren't important.
I think that the listeners should also know, though, that although other elements can be
used, I think that bodily fluids are the most vital.
Well, it is indeed a holy right, and we talk about it frequently, to pee on Bob's head.
And when I talk about the elements that are important to Bob, I'm not talking about the

elements of fire and water.
You can pee on Bob's head, friend, and R and S and T-U-V, of course.
All of those.
And any of those things.
But, like, it is also important to note that, like, you know...
We're just talking about the letter P, of course, friends.
When we talk about, like, you know, using the elements, I mean, when we talk about using
the elements to honor Bob with, I mean, so that represents, that fluid represents the
water element.
And, like, and we use the air element when we breathe the air.


We breathe the sacred church air.
And we use the fire element when we fire up the sacred froth stick.
And, yay, even upon Bob's head, we can deposit earth in the form of the sacred night soil.
Well, what if drinking liquid slack until one has to return...
Well, you know, liquid slack can come in any one of a number of forms, friend.
It can be Jack Daniels.
It can be Pepsi Cola.
Liquid slack is...
In my case right now, it's Canada Dry Ginger Ale.
Ginger Ale, yeah.
Free plug.
No, no, no.
We can't do that.
It's non-commercial radio.
We have to give a plug to everything, every other soda in the world now.
Dr. Fishmonger, what have you done?
Classic.
Oh, Lord.
We have to equal time.
Oh, no.
The word human is slowly losing its meaning under a vast tidal wave of inhumane behavior.
It's a tug of war between the fiercely retroactive steel trap mouth boot boys on the right and
the equally insidious R.C.
Snob.
They're not the most psychopathically hip squids on the left.
The conspiracy has twisted the words good sex around to mean everything that you don't
get.
That way they can humiliate you into obedience, run your treadmill trip, and make you fill
out a scorecard.
They tell you you have to have career goals, which is twisted to mean absolute obedience
to whatever rut you happen to fall into.
They can make you ugly and fat and bored.
Yeah.
And then they want you to go home and beat off the solid gold.
Discuss this with the foreign minister and the president.
The fact is, they said we are moving towards an abolition.
But what they also said, and what the black leaders out in the ranks said, is this.
He has made observations about the situation in South Africa, which are inconsistent with the facts.
Yes, 289-UR-90, tell us everything we don't want to hear.
Mr. Tutu doesn't presume to be a political leader.
He presumes to be what Mr. Polo presumes to be.
A man of God, and therefore a spokesman for 8.2.
289-UR-90 is our phone number.
I want to know, what has Reverend Stang got to do with this conspiracy?
No, no, no, wait, no, wait, you may say,
Stang, oh, he couldn't do nothing.
He's in charge of this radio show.
He's the one responsible for putting my words over the air and all that over there.
But, friends, that's completely impossible.
You say, yeah, well, what about, like, Johnson and the JFK assassination?
You ever ask yourself that?
Sure, sure, you know, mourning for the world and all that.
Now, let's be frank here, folks.
Now, I'm not saying Lyndon Baines was a bad man, but Lyndon Baines was a powerful man.
Lyndon Baines was a man who could withstand pain.
Who's to know what kind of strange hypnosis he underwent with them hypno-demons
back when he was a kid?
He visited that flying saucer on that Air Force base in 57 with Eisenhower.
Yeah, he was a senator that was there that day.
He was supposedly standing there watching the whole damn thing.
Well, if you ask me, those aliens just hypnotized him,
took him both aboard the spaceship there,
and, of course, erased part of the mine and then put it back
and then made them forget that they could ever remember it,
which just, you know, makes the whole subconscious drive to do the insane thing even stronger.
I love those aliens.
You've got to love those aliens.
Anyway, I mean, you've got to admire them, let's say.
Maybe you can't exactly embrace them with what we call love.
You know, I can't go into that right now.
But anyway, so, at any rate, so what I'm just saying there is, you know, it's entirely possible.
Now, please, I don't want any lawsuits or nothing.
There's a theory I'm proposing.
I don't believe we're all being made of destruction.
I don't believe we're all being made of destruction.
When the only step is to say the claim,
this whole crazy world is just too frustrating.
But we can do the same over and over and over again, my friend.
Are you done?
You're on the move.
You've got to stop now.
Blue Juice.
Come on, let's do that.
Cross the surface of the skin toward the nearest opening.
How many openings does the body have?
Whichever one it's closest to.
The tattoo slowly enters the opening and disappears inside the body,
and there moving through the endothelium.
It makes its way God knows where.
One tattoo might get trapped in the musculature behind the knee.
Oops.
But the right knee.
Gentle massage would break it loose.
But then a strange change takes place in the tattoo.
And as it reappears through whatever opening, you can see that it's changed.
It's been digested somehow from its original state.
It's two-dimensional purple-red reality into some otherworldly hologram.
Tattoo hologram.
And there it dances across the body of the tattoo subject.
Beautiful.
There'll be one thing I'd like to see done.
Oh, I hope we do it.
Or how about the musical that I've never gotten around to called Mmm.
Mmm.
Starring the Siamese twins.
Mmm.
Connected by the lips.
The lips.
All sorts of things we never do.
Crumple.
I was going to write a book called Crumple once.
All the pages would be crumpled.
You'd reach in, take out a crumple, read it.
Crumple it up, put it back in.
Reach in, take out another.
Short stories.
With each page numbered.
If you took them out, one, two, three, four, five, and the odds against that are pretty great.
True.
You'd wind up with the actual true meaning that was meant by the author.
Oh.
But the difficulty there is to find someone who can crumple all those pages.
What if it were a bestseller?
Think of the problems we'd have then.
Of course, there's one other thing that I wanted to do, and that is find a plastic surgeon who could change pets to look like animals.
Like their owners.
What about the other way around?
Yes, we should resolve to do all these inappropriate things.
Why don't we?
Like, um...
Well, let's see.
Like the, uh...
Levitator.
That I knew who was a...
Marvelous levitator.
Gave lessons in levitating.
Let's do it.
Tried to teach me...
But, uh...
I never could get off the ground that way.
He...
He wanted to be a singer, though.
He wanted to sing in a nightclub.
And he was a horrible monotone.
Really couldn't carry a tune.
He would sing...
My funny Valentine sweet...
You know, it was awful.
But he was good at levitating, and...
As the devout catalyst...
I got him into this nightclub.
The happy medium.
Marvelous.
He didn't sing well, but he levitated beautifully.
And had this...
Girl with sequins.
Very large girl.
Showbiz-type girl.
With a hula hoop with sparkles on it.
And she...
As he levitated, singing My Funny Valentine...
She'd...
Run the hula hoop so you could see that...
He was a great singer.
And there was no trick to it.
Nice touch.
You know...
Let's get together...
We are together.
In the pub.
Yeah, we're here.
Sometime and...
And write down all these things.
You know, make a scenario.
Then we'll go to Hollywood.
I've recorded the whole thing.
I don't know.
Maybe they...
Wouldn't think it...
Was commercial enough.
Let's do it in Des Moines.
We can make the resolution anyway.
Okay, we'll do it in Des Moines.
Yes, dear friends.
We're together.
In the bub.
That was Ken Nordean.
A tape called Triple Talk.
And you...
Some of y'all may have heard his stuff now and then.
It's hard...
You can only buy these from Ken Nordean.
Or if you have an hour of Slack show...
Why they just appear in the mail.
Praise Bob.
Oh, uh...
And for immediate release, dear friends,
they're having a musical theater conservatory auditions being held at MVC.
That's right.
Mountain View College Performing Artist Musical Theater Conservatory
will be holding auditions at 7 o'clock p.m. on August 18th and 19th
in the Performance Hall.
Applicants will be required to perform two monologues, two music numbers,
and must be prepared to dance.
The following, uh...
The Performing Artist Musical Theater Conservatory
is a one-of-a-kind intensive training program
designed to develop professional-level performance skills
in acting, singing, and dancing.
Please call the Fine Arts Office at
333-8632
for an audition appointment and more information.
Yes, dear friends.
And this is, uh...
Sister Chris.
Speaking to the lost and the faithful alike,
the damned and the blessed under Bob in New Jersey.
On another station.
Sister Chris.
Here with you to tell you that
in the past weeks,
I've delivered bits of rants such, uh...
and such things as slack, time control,
and other aspects of the subgenius church.
The time has come for Sister Chris
to relate to you my personal testimony
to the salvation in slack that was released to slash by me
through the all-encrusting power of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Shameful though it may sound,
it was a long period in my life
when I had tripped and fallen off the luck plane of slack
and knocked my head ad nauseum
on the railing of the conspiracy stairway to doom.
And the rut at the bottom of the stairwell
was deeper than the valleys of Jane Mansfield.
Food had no taste.
My vision was constantly blurry.
And television terrorized my time
like a vampire sucking my imagination dry.
Life seemed drab and pointless.
At best, droning irritation.
I sought help in the blind alleys of nightclubs and other vices,
but they only seemed to aggravate the situation.
It was no fun.
Then I literally stumbled onto a group of enlightened ones.
Ones who were filled with the power and the glory of Bob.
Words like slack, Bob, and WFMU in free form
hung in the air like sweet-smelling pipe tobacco.
At last, the burning irradiated light of slack began to sear my brain pan.
I began to forget to be anxious among the pink boys and girls.
I explored the remnants of my subgenius heritage and ethics,
and they were long forgotten during the amnesia of the zombie years.
I can't describe to you the step-by-step dismantling
of all that conspiracy programming,
because events didn't happen in a singular linear fashion.
The closest comparison would be to taking a shower
in truth and slack under a pulsating nozzle.
I still had problems and vices, but it was a lot more fun.
My third eye had the clarity of the telescope at Mount Palomar.
I relaxed in the safety of my body.
I was able to see the trauma of different illusions every day.
The bottom line comes down to having fun.
Yeah, Bob's human shell may be dead,
and some people are depressed about that,
some subgenius and latent subgeniuses,
but his almighty power lives on through the gifted and the possessed.
We just heard from this week's installment
of the Church of the Subgenius tape.
Heard every week here on WFMU.
No, that isn't WFMU.
This is KNON 90.9 FM in Atlas, Texas.
Well, this is the night of the vanishing co-hosts.
Not the vanishing people.
Yeah, right, no vanishing people, but all the mighty co-hosts.
Oh, lo, how they have fallen.
There's no sign of Buck naked, ain't hiding under anything,
and Norm Ward has nay not walked through the door for Monday morning.
But old mighty Johnny is here to do the anti-preaching.
Say what?
Well, we're going to move down here.
I don't even know what's on this one.
Oh, it hurts, though.
Better turn your volumes down,
and those of you who are trying to listen in mono.
Boy, friends, those shows are banging into each other
over there on the left channel.
Maybe I'll get it.
Ah!
Very good!
you've got to see what's got to do with this
you've got to rule the world
what can I do to make you understand
I love
whatever intimidation and injustice
lie with decency and honor
let the doctors arise
and arise they must
for within every one of us
there is a doctor
a dormant doctor
a supreme arbitrator
who can be summoned to intervene
when crises threaten
the stabilities and well-beings of our heartlands
seeing someone sleeve job a 14 and a half inch
John Holmes Wang Dinger specials offensive
if nobody's sleeving yours
or yours

you're not sleeving anybody's
you know that's the whole problem
when you give something up
you expect everybody else to give it up too
and I think that's worse than if you take something up new
you should expect everybody else to
because obviously
a lot of other people already doing something
because they want to
or think they want to
or they like to
or they like to think they want to
or they want to think they like to
just because they want to swear and smoke and drink
and in your opinion go to hell
that's their business
not yours
the only business that's yours is yours
and if it's yours and it offends you
you better pull it out and look at it closely
and find out why it offends you
because I tell you
it offends you mostly because
it reminds you that you're missing out on the good things

and you're missing out on something
and that's why sometimes
when we say things in the church of the subgenius
we offend people because
because it reminds them that they're in the grip of the conspiracy
because it reminds them they lead dreary empty stilted
hungry lives of desperation and quietness
they don't like the way we talk
because it reminds them that they've got sexual organs
and if they just make an effort they could use them
they don't like the way we talk
because we remind them that we're all animals
and daily must fulfill our biological functions
and as they are something of which God almighty or whoever
brought us here gave us
we have no control over them
therefore they've been told
oh that's nasty put it in that little clean white bowl
that symbol of purity
why do you have to flush away
pure water
with nothing but biological salts dissolved in it
with five and a half gallons of fresh water
that somebody could be cooking dinner and drinking
ah friends
it's because
some people
don't like to be reminded
they pretend
that if they
don't
talk about it
and don't think about it
then they can forget about it
and if they're not reminded that they have to squat down and sh**
like every other monkey on this planet every day
if things are working right
then maybe they think they aren't one of them monkeys that's on this planet
but the big smart dumb monkeys with too much sh**
not enough time
yeah talking about you
and all you other signifying monkeys
that's why people get offended
that's why they don't like to hear us talk about prairie squid
oh god how disgusting
to use an aphorism of that disgusting nature
but what they're missing is the point that we're saying is that
a prairie squid
is just like any other wild animal
it's a natural thing
you can't cover up a prairie squid
because it'll come creeping out some
and you stamp out the prairie squid
and you stamp out life itself
that's what we're saying
we're saying that our biology is what we are
and there's nothing we can do about it but enjoy it
that's why sometimes we offend people
that's why the church
will never be
something you'll see in prime time television
because
they don't want you to be reminded
of what you really are
because then
you take a good look at yourself and realize
that hell what am I doing all this sh**
them for
that's why they don't like for us to say these things
that's why prairie squid
poo dog poo dog
all those strange strange cult references
that's why it's all so important
and I'm sorry
I didn't get out of here
quite quick enough
but dear friends
you can write for information
from the church of the subgenius
and you'll get real information in the mail
if you want to call it mail
it's bob at p.o. box 140306
Dallas, Texas 75214
praise Bob
and I'll see you next time

and tune in next week
for one more breath of that church air
that mighty church air
I've got to get out of here now
thanks praise Bob
I'm John Horton
and we'll be joining us momentarily
a lot of things to talk about tonight
at 828-9500
it's an open line
but we've got a few topics
that we're going to be going over
by the way
how about those
Dallas Cowboys
huh
20 to 19
and the most popular


Nothing.
I don't even know if that was right.
At least it wasn't 32 to nothing like happened today with the 49ers and the Raiders or something like that.
I don't read the papers.
What do you think I am, a knowledgeable kind of guy?
Anyway, we're going to be talking about that.
And I believe I hear Norm ringing downstairs.
So if you'd go let him in, we'd all appreciate it.
Some other things we have to talk about tonight.
A special announcement for you.
We'll be talking a little bit about something I saw on cable TV this week, which made me very sick.
So a couple things we're going to talk about tonight.
Who are your favorites in football this year?
Who do you think is going to take it all?
