Yeah, it's fun. Why? Why? So exciting. Freaky. Crazy. Fun and games. Crazy.
We have no clue and we're, why? But when we see an angel, ah! Whoa! Normalcy. My flesh,
my body longs for you. Touch. There's going to be a surprise waiting. Literally. Fender
bender. My uncle pulls into the rest stop and you may tap, tap, tap. To ignore means
you're going to miss something. Mental, mental physical sensation. Ah, it's a ghost! Whoa,
whoa, whoa. How do you react when he comes in a way that you've never seen before? Good?
Flesh? I've seen it many times when I remember my first time. Ooh, dear. This is strange
stuff. It's a progression. Ozzy Osbourne. Ozzy Osbourne. This is Ozzy Osbourne. Yeah,
yeah. If I had not have hired him, I would have either hurt myself, injured myself, or
quit. Thank you for using me.
Hey, fellas! Look! The Self Genius. Power of Swag.
It's a familiar object. You've seen one or it's pictured. Never touched one. Beautiful
and it's dainty, snub-nosed, wicked.
Pretty in its way, Inspector. Pretty and dangerous. This little blue 22 can be found
among the exhibits in the Black Museum. The Black Museum. Starring Flounder Salt. Well,
here we are in the Black Museum. It's an impressive place. The kind of echoing awe which comes
from a vaulted ceiling and somber lighting.
Weird. Fantastic. Well, yes, it's comfortable in your hand. And suddenly, a trifle strange,
isn't it?
Oh, thank you both for coming.
Funny.
What is?
Oh, now, leave me alone. Leave me alone.
An embarrassing conclusion, to say the least.
Very good. Another discrepancy.
Laugh, baby. Laugh for the last time.
I will kill you.
Thank you, Mrs. Merritt.
There was more. Much more.
Just a moment.
Oh, I must be gay. Oh, hello. Hello out there. No need to thank me for once again bringing
all those gay two-way cameras into your homes. That's what we're here for. All right. Well,
I can see through the two-way cameras, but don't worry. You know how entertaining that
I can be. Wait a minute. Get away from those TV sets. Don't turn those dials. Just relax,
sit back, and resume your customary drooling. Oh, they, oh, we almost had a little scene
there. All right. That was just an expression I was using.
Stay away from me. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to
do that.
Get out.
The bonging and the donging and the gonging on the bell. You mean.
Exactly.
But then.
I said.
But who?
But she. Kool-Aid and Bunny Man.
Coming. Coming. All you need to enter is an empty package.
From PR news in Washington, unimportant. Arizona turkey John McCain shot and wounded
four people. Killing himself yesterday, as the Bush administration looked on. On Wall
Street 6, 14, 4, 13, police in Cleveland reportedly have arrested children under the name of the
the age of two. The companies that make older children have voluntarily decided to pull infants
off the market. Pediatricians say children six and under are not effective in treating PR news.
The group says this is PR news. Drug super bug. A reality idiot idiot bugs. We have to obtain a
sample. We have to we have to grow sample sample growing uh exactly. No one should take idiot idiot
bugs. It's a good idea. Being contagious. Sharing the skin. Idiot idiot bugs. And or uh and or uh
they uh they uh that that that that that that that that that and I know it's in the world's
interest to make a nuclear weapon. Make a nuclear weapon. Make a nuclear weapon. I take this I take
the threat. I take this I take the idiot idiot bugs. Chief uh if I were surrounded by six or
eight of these things would I stand a chance with them? Well there's no problem. If you had a gun
shoot them in the head. That's a sure way to get them.
Move to kill them. If you don't get yourself a club or a torch. Beat them or burn them. They go up
pretty easy. Well chief McClellan how long do you think it will take you until you get the situation
under control? Well that's pretty hard to say. We want no matter how many of them there are.
You know when we find them
.I'm gonna kill this .
ndying to get the situation under control. Well that's pretty hard to say. We don't know
Michelle Wheeler and Casey казanoff.
Uh in time...
wrap this up in 24 hours?
Well, we don't really know.
We know we'll be into it most of the night,
probably into the early morning.
We're working our way toward Willard,
and we'll team up with the National Guard over there,
and then we'll be able to give a more definite view.
Thank you very much, Chief McClellan.
This is Bill Cardill, WIIC-TV11 News.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
This is KRK-TV, and now for the latest news.
Early tonight, the captain of a Swedish icebreaker
in the Barents Sea reported seeing a strange red fireball
come out of the sky.
Says the captain,
it hovered above my ship for about a minute
and then headed south by southwest.
Unquote.
Radio Cairo reports a herd of camels
stampeded by a comet-like object
streaking southwest across the Sahara,
and in Cape Town, Africa, a boar, no doubt,
reports a similar flash across the sky.
And still one more, ladies and gentlemen.
A farmer in Auckland, New Zealand,
reported the strange glowing object
this time moving northeast.
Now let's see.
Barents Sea.
Cairo.
Auckland.
New Zealand.
Considering the timetable of these reports,
the stranger from space should be over our California desert
in a matter of minutes.
And that stranger from space
actually is this radio station.
A WCSB station
flying over...
Cleveland, not California.
And this is the all...
This is our new all-news format, friends.
This is the all-powerful muscle of truth.
My script for this show is only five sentences long,
and if I say,
thanks to Fernand and Andy Lemur
for the opening collages,
as well as
Norrell Preff of norrellpreff.com,
then it would be better,
and I would have only three sentences left in my script.
Also, thanks for those wonderful erotic photos
of our Lord Beezus,
hey, Reisties.
That's what makes this show better
is the fact that there's no control,
only loose, flaccid control.
Better, better.
It's better, better, better, better, better, better, better, better, better, better.
It's less.
It's flaccid.
It needs to be perked up.
It needs caffeine.
A shot in the arm.
A boost in the ego.
A pop in the eye.
It needs to be subdued.
Geniusized.
And that's what we need Bob for, friends.
Little Bobby.
Good little Bob.
And bad little Dave.
He is Bob.
Bob is not here,
except in Spirite.
But Dave is here.
I am with the floating pipe,
doing many, many different types of takeoffs
on different stupid things,
only to support the stupid message.
Votes of genius is coming and cumbering.
The erection.
The erection.
Well, when you vote subgenius, who do you vote for?
I mean, aside from writing in Dobbs as world overlord.
Well, um.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Princess, Princess Weena, remember.
Hello?
Remember what they taught you about being close to the mic.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I thought, I thought you might need that little reminder.
If my forehead flies off, you must respond to feel the air which is dead.
Remember, Bob does not permit the air which is sleeping.
Sleeping at the top.
Not only that, he don't never change.
Never, never.
Only if there's a fly in the oinkment,
and sometimes it gets too greasy where he comes from.
Yeah, but who doesn't want a slippery sky?
Little bit at least.
Nyeep.
Nyeep.
Nyeep.
Damn flies everywhere.
It's all over my oinkments.
Those are the observe, uh, obverse.
Oh, it's time for another obverse fly.
Wink in the oinkment.
Hello, you're here, you're on the airs.
Okay, well, I guess they have nothing to say.
It's a pronoun.
That was the outer space line.
It is a pronoun.
We're not allowed to pick that one up when we're on the air, Dave.
Do you know that?
Of course I know this.
Since I was a child in Hugo, Armenia, the Armenians used to come and eat my pants.
Really?
It was horrible.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
And some days the Americans were involved with the Soviet Union.
Mm-hmm.
And in the other times the fascist Hitler used to buy my parents underpants.
Wow.
Talk about making light of a bunch of stupid serious stuff, eh?
Eh?
Eh?
Eh?
Eh?
Eh?
Eh?



Eh?

Eh?

Eh?
Eh?


Eh?
Eh?
Eh?
Eh?

I'm embarrassed.
Oh, I remember now.
For some reason I've remembered.
How would I know that that's Stelles Hansen?
Because all my mistakes against you, Well, I only put his
left ear in Detective George's mouth.


The only evil I ever had was that you were behind me.
You could never tell.

Manure on the yards of America, you might say.
Starting in Baltimore on November 10th.
Baltimore doesn't actually need any more manure,
but it's getting it in the form of Reverend Susie the Flusie.
Y'all can go to Falls Point, Dar.
And the amino acids.
And have your crab cakes.
And Reverend Carter LeBlanc.
And Priestess Pisces.
And Bleepo is going to be at Baltimore, I just found out.
Oh, son of the abject Lucifer.
Lucifer, I'm so unhappy to hear that.
And when did he decide to resign?
On November 10th.
That's when that show happens, is November 10th in Baltimore.
But that doesn't do the Cleveland Scotsyites any good.
Did you know that Baltimore was named after Lord Baltimore?
I thought it was a reference to the great subgenius Tim Orr.
And it was a commandment.
Tim Orr went by the name tentatively a convenience.
He was the first subgenius to get us in the international news
by making artwork out of two decapitated dogs
he found rotting in a train tunnel under Baltimore
and painting them, stringing them up by their hind legs.
They were decapitated and rotting.
Did I mention that?
Yes.
It was the smelliest art project that I ever heard of.
And he covered himself in white grease paint and nothing else.
And that's how the police found...
And that's how the police found him and a tunnel full of subgeniuses
who were all holding their noses.
Oh, I thought you were going to say decapitated and held by their hind legs.
No, no.
This is a true story.
And the sad thing is that that was the first time most people ever read
about our tender, loving church of the subgenius.
It was under the headline, cult leader kills dogs.
Now, has this one tentatively had his head covered with mustaches
and the big full beard?
Yeah.
I don't remember if this is when his scalp had a beard or the mustaches on it,
but it was one of those.
Since then, he tattooed a brain on his scalp,
although you don't see it when he has hair in there.
He was part of the new interior design cult,
which now does the modifications on the inside of several of his diamonds.
That's right.
That's the cool way.
Ultra, ultra cool.
If you want to have something, a design put on your, inside your skull,
why not put it inside your skull so your brain can look at it
instead of the people around you and be repulsed by it?
Right.
Here's the thing.
I mean...
Repulsed by it?
Every shirt.
Everybody wants to be cool.
And this particular season, the way to be cool is if you're a guy,
you have, I guess you're bald-headed or was that last year?
And you have to have the nose ring and the tattoos and stuff.
But that's because you're being trendy.
You want everybody to look at you and go,
man, you must have been cool in the 90s.
Yeah.
But, friends, if you're really cool,
you don't care what other people think of you
and you don't really care whether they even see your body modifications.
So the way we do it is we modify our insides.
We break bones and reset them with different artistic patterns to them.
And you can't see them.
And we don't care because it's what we feel.
That's why we do our art, our body modifications.
I can't show you my tattoo because it's on the inside of my stomach walls.
That hurt.
It was pain.
But that was real art.
That's the art that means something.
I do.
Like Phil Spector.
He was that kind of artist.
Right.
He'd get a tattoo on the inside.
And, dude, you know, if it's going to hurt, it's got to feel good for art.
Whoever the hell that is.
But, anyway, this one here is when I was in Austin.
I'm saying, saying, that's enough for New York State.
Yes, I do say that.
This one is when I was in Bacaville.
That's out in California for the mentally ill persons.
This one here is when I discovered.
You are now in Sing Sing.
J.R.B.
I am now in Sing Sing.
Yeah, the guy.
Did you see this pie up here on my titty?
Yes, I see the pie.
That's the pie for Bob.
I got that while I was in New Jersey State Penal Correctionist Institution.
I noticed they corrected that thing pretty well.
It's almost hardly bent anymore.
Well, he is doing much better now that he has had the exterior parts of his brain removed.
But there are still lots of tattoos inside we cannot take out.
If we only could come up with some sort of anti-laser device to remove the interior tattooing.
Is that outside tattooing?
When you do the anti-tat rant, I think you are really treading on some very thin ice there.
Thin skin.
Thin skin.
There are some thin skin listeners out there.
I don't care if they fail.
If their sensitive modernist ears feel a little bit insulted by the word of a subgenius preacher
who might be criticizing their tendency to want to normalize themselves and to wallow
in normalization.
Do you think some of these people have hair?

I think they are post-humanist ideas where you want to have your eye, ocular, the things
that hold your eyeballs crushed so your eyeballs appear completely fat with the front of your
forehead.
Can you get one of those?
Of course you can.
That's what I'm talking about.
Oh.
If you are like one of those unfortunate few who have not had your ocular, what do they
call them?
Ocular sockets.
Ocular sockets.
Yes, the ocular sockets.
The ocular sockets.
Yes.
Shaved down, smacked down and put down so they are all completely smooth.
Ocular smack down?
The rest of your face.
Yeah.
Hockey socks we call them.
Hockey socks.
Hockey socks.
Yes.
This music in the background, which I know is making you feel high, is by Reverend Just
John of just-john.com.
You don't write out dash.
It's a little dash between just and john.
You mean like just John, huh?
.com.
And he has a new album out called The Old Double Melman, which is not a double album.
It's just called The Old Double Melman.
It's his old album too.
And that's what we're playing and that's why it's just-john.com.
I felt fine until you started describing that and that made my brain turn flip flops.
Now speaking of brains turning flip flops, we have to go to Amsterdam in the country
of Neanderthal lands.
How do you prepare for that, Stan?
I mean how do you get ready to go to Amsterdam to have your locks trimmed?
You take inoculations for marijuana.
You get inoculations.
You get marijuana inoculation shots.
So that you won't catch marijuana when you go to Amsterdam.
New York City?
So you get the frat bug or the Bobby Brook or the hop nigger?
Well, so you won't-it's contagious, you know.
Pops, man.
Pot is contagious.
And that-now we're going to Europe.
Notice that Princess Wee that we're choosing to go to Europe at a time when one euro is
one and a half dollar and one dollar weighs two pounds.
So basically we're going to be there.
We're going to be the poorest third world immigrants in Europe about the time we get
there with our American dollars, which will take a hundred American dollars and convert
into about 60 euros, which will buy you a pack of cigarettes.
But we're going to be there with friends and they'll take care of us.
Right.
Like they did last time, leaving us in that hotel in Hamburgerland in Germany.
Oh, well.
I thought they were just hearing that.
With those men interrogating us and that little puppy dog Pope who insisted on
taking over the whole subgenius country-euro power block.
Well, I heard that at one time both of your bodies bloat-your bloated bodies were found
in the Amsterdam canals after overconsumption of over-nanching canals.
Yes, that's why they're trying to outlaw everything in Holland just like here.
That's right, they should because-
No more oil slides.
No more smoking cigarettes in your own house.
Things have gone too far here.
You know what I'm trying to say?
More oil slides.
It was a pretty good place to have gone on there and then all of a sudden they decided
to ruin it.
You know, then everybody wants to smoke everything all the time.
America is a nation of figs.
You know, heck with this.
Figs?
Finks.
Oh, I thought-
No, Holland is a nation of figs.
I thought you dried fruit.
But, and Macedonia is a nation of figs, but America has become a nation of finks carrying
around their little pee test jars going, I can't wait to, please Mr. Boss Man, test my
pee pee so I can prove that I'm a good worker.
Well-
Oh my God, it makes me sick.
It makes me want to-
Oh my God, it smells awful in here now.
Can you believe we did that?
I'm Zaffa's daughter, Jane.
Now, what we're going to-
Now, this does concern the Cleveland Discozziites.
What we're going to miss, Princess Wee, when we go to preach at the Milkweg with Dr. Howell
and so forth.
No, the Milkweg's pretty close.
We're going to miss the Chaz Tribute Show at the Beachland Ballroom on November 23rd.
Well, I'll be there.
Well, everybody harpooned on the-
That's right.
Dave-
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
Dave will be there carrying tunes in a big-
Dobbs Welling.
Wheelbarrow.
Probably everybody who's ever played in Chaz's bands will be there, which would be over 100,000
people.
Yeah.
So, that's November 23rd at the Beachland Ballroom.





We're going to be there at the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland for the tribute.
And then we got Mongoloidapalooza in December in San Francisco.
But that's like a devotional, a sub-devotional.
It's not as big as the real devotional.
It's not even a subgenius show.
They're just bringing me in because I used to know those guys.
Can you believe that?
And I can pass on dirty stories about the devos that I learned from my study of them.
You know, I hardly know those fellows, and yet I even know a few dirty devo stories.
Go back to the days of Kent, Ohio, which they thought was their playground or something,
their psychic and obverse obtuse.
It was their birth, their hometown.
My goodness.
Have you ever seen the little red boogey boy book?
No.
Yes, I have a copy of it.
Oh, I have one also.
Really?
Yes.
I'm surprised you haven't sold it.
Those things are probably worth money.
Oh, I was even offered.
They're almost worth as much as Mal's little red book.
I have one of those also.
No, I really have a boogey boy book.
And it's signed, sealed, and delivered.
It has a number there.
I have no idea what the number means.
It's not a real number, if you know what I mean.
Right, and you can hardly read the book.
But I certainly—
Since he eschewed punctuation, I believe, or capital letters for the whole book.
But it was real artsful.
But he did love seeing Betty Page in a hernia suit surrounded by little ducks with big sharp teeth.
So, you know, I was sold on that.
Yeah, I would be too, especially if Mark did it.
Well, we're all kind of devolved.
Princess Wee and I were talking about how we had gone to visit a friend of ours who's a hippie.
And as we were leaving, we realized, well, we're not exactly hippies.
I mean, nobody really is anymore.
But, well, I guess some people are.
But we were more like—our friend is a hippie.
But we were more like beatnik hippie punks.
Sometimes it's cultural movement.
Because you couldn't say we were proper hippies because we're too smart-ass to be proper.
We're not nice and sweet and lovey and peace-y enough to be proper hippies.
We're too no-future, end-of-the-world, planet-of-the-apes, Twilight Zone punks.
Well, I think you should extract—
Repo Man. The Repo Man generation.
You could keep Repo Man in there.
And also Planet of the Apes. Planet of the Repo Apes. And completely—
Planet of the Repo Men.
Starring—well, they're doing a—
Harry Dean Stanton, man.
Whatever movie Charlton Heston starred in in the past—
Now it'll be Will Smith.
I'm not kidding. The Omega Man is about to come out.
The new remake of the Omega Man starring Will Smith.
Oh, please. Oh, no.
Well, now, I've said that about—
His Genghis Popkart.
I know.
I-Robot and I-Stang. And those were both pretty good.
Will Smith did a good job playing Ivan Stang in that Subgenius movie.
I wasn't—it was like, I don't know if I can handle a black guy playing Ivan Stang.
Is that so far from the real—but, you know, he did a great job.
I got a hand in it, too.
Yes, he really did.
It was pretty smooth, I must say.
And, in fact, any job he tackles, any role he tackles, he tackles like a star.
And that's because—that's what we're all about here on the Church of the Subgenius.
Right. Stardom.
Star culture. Yep. Stardom.
Celebrities.
Celebrities. The blockbuster mentality.
I've been keeping up with that by watching a website called thesuperficial.com.
Because you're ugly.
And because I've been following that sarcastic website, I know what all the women with large breasts in Hollywood are up to
and what products they're holding in front of their breastages.
And I know exactly where Britney and Kevin are in their various court battles.
See, but this is a new—
And drug tests.
This is a new cultural thing. That's where—
I've been reading and sniffing Britney's drug tests online.
See, you are there. You understand this culture and you're there.
Finally. Finally.
And the women in this are still—
Finally.
Are still—have hardly passed the point of,
I'm Britney. I'm not.
Well, you can start—
You know, that's your only pain.
Leave Britney alone!
Leave Dobbs alone!
He's a human being!
That poor guy's going to be a has-been before he's even been.
I'd like to dance with him.
I thought it was a girl when I first saw it.
We both thought it was a girl.
We both thought it was a mannish girl.
I knew it was a teenage gay guy. I knew that part. I still want to dance with him.
You're so savvy, Dave.
I think that would be the new cultural thing to do. Just for one dance and then have it on America Loves Dancing with Dave and that guy.
What is that program where they do all those ballroom dances and they're judged by their foreskins and their peerages, different people look down their long noses at them or their big feet?
American Idol? Queen for a Day?
Is it American Idol where they dance the night away?
Idling in America.
No, there's a new American Idol where like,
Alright, Mr. Gingerfish, you're going to dance with—
And then, you know, they have some real hooky star come out there and dance with this.
Oh, I got to dance with her!
This is one of your Earth television shows.
Yes, correctly, it is. One of the Earth television—not mine. You know, come on now.
But it is your Earth days.
It's not mine.
It's my Earth. It's not Stang's Earth and it's not your Earth. It's not ours.
Actually, friends, this is a rented planet, it turns out.
Yeah.
And Jehovah One had been renting it to the Exists, who consider us about on the level of mildew.
The way we regard not even ants, but mildew in our kitchen. That's the way the aliens regard the human race on their planet Earth. Earth Farm One, it's called.
Earth Farm, yeah. Terra Farm also won. Terra Farm.
Well, it used to be on Mars, during World War II, of course. They switched over, and that sounds ridiculous and I say all this to ensure disbelief.
I get so tired of that.
It blew us through Winsley's too, you know, a little little hole out in the desert or whatever.
We went to a little bit on Mars on Earth today. Princess Wee and I have been slumming, or rather, industrialling—on Sundays when the weather's nice we've been driving out to the Flats and south of the Flats.
Slumming along the Earth, er, these are two beauties sitting on the Earth to stay warm.

There's this whole area between 71 and 77, extending south from downtown down to bordered by Harvard Street, where the metal, steel plants, and all the water treatment, the steel pollution water treatment facility.
It's basically, we call it hell.
Princess Wee had been down there on the job at one point and seen a hellish land that she wanted to show me.
And we had a little trouble finding it by car, so we used Google Earth to examine Cleveland from the alien point of view.
And sure enough, we looked for, where is the spot where there's nothing alive?
And there is a big, big spot.
It's vast. It's a vast expanse of death, where it's nothing but concrete and tar and steel and...
Piles of rocks and dirt and asphalt.
And there's a big black hole, right?
In the middle of it.
A featureless nothingness.
It's got a golf course just on one side of it.
But, yeah, we were intrigued by this blight.
The forbidden zone, you might say, in Cleveland.
So we'd been trying to drive in there with, you know, we'd take radiation medication and stuff before we'd go in.
Because I know, you can see the toxic monster stuff seeping out of the ground.
You can see things popping up, the zygotes and the ergot.
That was a...
That was a punk rock thing to do in my erstwhile days.
Really go out to the decaying Cleveland.
We would go out there and take pictures and, like, you know, hang, you know, around decaying things.
Weird, rusted out things that you couldn't even describe.
And look at the unnatural holes filled with green.
No, it's gray.
No, it's pink.
What is it?
Oh, it's both.
Oh, we better get away from it.
No, let's stay here.
Urban spelunking.
Yes, urban...
That is brilliant.
Urban spelunking.
Is that what they used to call it in France?
I think that's what they call it in San Francisco.
But we...
I'm sorry.
But we...
It's hard.
There's a lot of places that are locked up.
I mean, it's like...
It looks like a nuclear testing ground.
Do not enter private property only.
It looks kind of like the end of Robocop, where the evil criminal gets the acid poured all over him.
They filmed that in Dallas, actually, but this whole area.
Oh, did they?
For miles.
Miles.
And miles and miles of blighted...
We call it Clevelandescotsea.
That used to stretch right to the lake until they turned the flats into the yuppie, wonderful,
calm flats area.
Right.
Right.
There were strange things right there.
There's a lot of strange hideousness still on the river in the flats, but they...
Absentively.
You have to go a little bit further down and deeper into the hellishness of hell.
Yes, comrade.
To see where it's undisturbed.
You're sold to mine still.
Yeah.
And the rust mines.
Now, that was where we went.
Like, they still give tours of the rust mines of Cleveland, and we took that tour.
You go down 5,000 feet underground, and for like 20 miles going out from downtown Cleveland
and under the lake, they're mining this rust.
And I read on Wikipedia, that's where, like, when you leave your tools out in your shed
and leave the door open and everything gets covered with rust, that rust all comes from Cleveland.
Yeah.
That's from the Cleveland rust mines.
If you get rust on your...
It's magnetic there.
You're in Alaska, and your stuff gets rusty.
That rust is brought in by the government that's bought from the Cleveland rust mines.
They don't have to have...
You know, there's no real need for rust, but it's a subsidy that dates back to, like, World War I.
They needed rust back then, so they started paying these guys to mine the rust out of Cleveland.
And now, it's like...
It's such a big pork barrel thing for this area.
They're still exporting rust all over the world, even though nobody needs it or wants it.
The governments all force it on all metals.
Yes, well, we are talking to the River of the Stain.
Unless you pay that extra stainless steel coating tax.
The subgenius candidate for the mayor of Cleveland, also the lovely Mrs. Princess Wiardo,
candidate for the mayoress of Cleveland, talking about the rust mines.
Cleveland rust mines, yeah.
And also, we've been getting some emails saying that,
what would you do in the current situation?
What would you do in the current situation regarding the rust mines?
Would you simply move them to another place?
Get rid of the government subsidy?
What would you do?
Is that the rust mines or the rust mires?
I would use them as a nuclear waste storage facility.
See, I would crank up that nuclear power plant out near where you live, near Ashtabula, the dangerous one.
I'd build a whole bunch more of those on that fault line.
And then bury the waste under Cleveland in these miles and miles.
And then bury the waste under Cleveland in these miles and miles.
In fact, I feel that the tunnels themselves are a danger because of sinkholes.
You know, they're creating sinkholes already in many parts of town.
So we need to pump the nuclear waste, fill up those miles of tunnels with plutonium, waste plutonium and so forth,
that keeps the alcatas and cicadas from getting it and getting into it.
It seals off the rust for future generations, if they ever want to get to it.
Right.
Right.












And of course, it'll keep the rust alive forever.
Well, now, what about...
And cause also, the other thing about the radiation is...
All right.
I learned this today.
It can cause women to grow 50 feet tall.
Certain types of radiation.
And that would help when perhaps you're trying to start this new race.
You want to start these subgenius 50-foot tall women or...
That would basically just help with my...
That's just for my personal fetish.
Just a climbing...
Great, big, healthy, strong...
Trying to get up those legs all the way up to 50 feet up in the air.
Big, big women.
Climbing like a mountain...
I don't know.
This is like the most convo-torqued logic I have encountered.
But what if you had a 50-foot pappy?
50-foot man.
A 50-foot man.
To love you like a little baby dog.
Oh, Kong.
Or perhaps to flip you out the railroad windows.
I'd rather die.
I'd rather die.
Oh, Kong.
Oh, Kong.
Well, to be calm.
That is what is wrong.
Kong.

Is he...
He is world-weary.
He is tired of the struggle of fighting his inner demons.
Who all appear to be tattooed to the inside of his skull.
But that's another story.
They still inhabit the different parts of the ganglia.
All the way down the spinal column.
He is one of them now.
He doesn't even know it.
He is a man of the past.
He is a man of the past.




I don't get your sense of humor.
I can't understand what's wrong with you people.
I don't get it.
Can't you please leave me here?
He is convo-torqued.
I don't get it.
Get out of my dreams.
I can't.
Dave, have you ever lost a job because of your sense of humor?
I...
Well, no.
I...
I'm pretty sure...
I'm pretty sure I've not gotten lots of jobs because of my sense of humor shown during a job interview.
I think many people...
They didn't pick up on it.
They didn't get it.
Well, they're not...
They got real mad.
That's what happened.
They hit me.
They sued me.
Hit you?
They ran me out of the business.
They tried to run you over?
They said, you'll never work in the Dallas industrial film business again, buddy.
I put you in the fuzzy box where the little red light comes on and goes,
What the...
You blew that joke.
You're never going to work in this town again.
Unless you learn how to blow it right.
See, everybody.
Starting here.
Fizz, fuzz, fizz, fuzz.
Now you work in Hollywood, you gotta learn to blow it right.
No, the series is...
Princess Wee's quoting my dad's list of...
Of blowing it.
How would you put it?
Crepitations.
Crepitations?
Yeah, when your butt blows it.
They come in these...
These categories.
The fizz.
The fuzz.
The fizz fuzz.
The fuzzy was...
The rattler.
The rattler.
The rump splitter.
And the frosted fernanner.
The frosted fernanner.
That's a real light one.
That's like...
Silent but deadly.
You saved that for last.
Yeah.
I thought maybe the rump splitter was...
Well, it starts with the fizz, which is small.
You know, a little...
Piff.
Up through the fuzz.
Piff.
Piff.
Which is really what you need.
Mostly here.
The fizz fuzz.
Oh, no.
Wait, wait, wait.
Which old people do a lot.
The fuzzy was...
Oh, the fizz fuzz is the rattling of the...
No, that's the rattler.
Oh, that's the rattler.
Oh, you mean the cheek slapping together is the rattling?
The rattler.
Oh, I thought it was a snake.
But, okay, so what's the fizz fuzz?
That's the two-parter?
Like an old lady two-parter?
Yeah.
Like grandma walks by and goes...
Right.
Fizz fuzz.
Exactly.
When grandma walks by, you hear the fizz fuzz.
The fuzzy was...
What are you talking about?
I don't do that.
I'm a woman, see?
The fuzzy was is more like when your dad wakes up in the morning.
So that you're blinded for about a half an hour?
Yeah, just prior to the rattler.
The rump splitter, of course, we don't need...
I mean, that speaks for itself.
It shouts for itself.
It was the 23rd president, wasn't it?
And the rattler, the rump splitter, and the frosted fernaner.
Fernaner.
Is that some sort of Carolina vernacular?
It's very quiet.
It's the one that...
You think you can get away with.
Are children allowed to eat fernaners, so to speak?
Is it a fruit from the vegetable kingdom in the south of the border?
When I was a kid in Texas...
Now, I have not encountered this particular little kid tradition anywhere else.
When we were kids in Texas, if some kid in the classroom or the tree house or whatever cut one,
freds out, whatever,
the last person to put their fist against their forehead like that with their little finger raised near,
a fist against forehead, the last person had to catch it and paint it green and eat it.
Oh, man.
Does that ring any bells with you?
Man, we didn't have that.
No, all we had was slugs and no returns, where if you let one go, everybody could beat you up unless you screamed slugs and no returns first.
I never heard that.
Now, see, if we'd known that, we wouldn't have had to hit ourselves in the forehead all the time.
No, we didn't have that.
We didn't have paint kits or any of that stuff.
Did you guys have any other special equipment?
Because, man, that would have really caught on great around here.
Children love excreted inflations like nobody's business.
We had a game where you had to be different horses' names,
and you'd go around the circle shouting out your name as if you were rooting in a race for your horse to win.
So it would be like, lightning, midnight, hoof-hearted, hided.
Hoof-hearted.
The person that got hoof-hearted and hided, the one that got hided,
when they finally realized that they were going to win,
they were being forced to shout out that they were the one that had broken wind.
That was the big joke.
That's so immature.
It was a shaggy dog for little girls at a sleeping party.
Come on.
We actually lit our excreted inflations and had contests to see who could make the hugest blue flame.
I swear to God, like lepetamine.
We had little uniforms that you could, you know,
they were like things cut out of the back, and you'd pull that down, and you would let people...
For pyroflatulation contests.
Yeah, pyroflatulation contests.
We had one at X Day.
We had one at X Day 9, and I won because nobody else entered.
Well, that means you lost.
They all passed out.
They drank too much and were passed out, and I was the only one left.
But your beard was scorched.
Princess, we ran away, but I had a couple of three-footers.
Yeah, and most of the hair on your body was burned off, too.
I wasn't about to paint them any color or do anything else with them.
Why do women hate pyroflatulation excretion?
I don't.
You like them?
I don't like them, but I don't hate them.
See, there you go.
See, you don't like them.
She'll watch a YouTube video of one, but she's not going to shoot one for you.
She's not going to film your YouTube video of your pyroflatulation contest or whatever.
Okay, excuse me, guys.
I have to go fizz-fuzz down the hall now.
Wow.
Wow, that was quick.
Not too much talking about that.
I guess...
Usually they go all the way to 11 o'clock at least.
I guess maybe we better...
Let's...
This calls for a break.
We need to...
We just need to run some of the...
That was like about 10 minutes of talking about...
Okay.
This music in the background, by the way, is again, this is Just John from his new album,
The Old Double Melman from just-john.com.
We'll be right back.
He's bald, always good to be bald
His pipe is the one with the gavel
That rings on the roof like fire
His neck is the one with the waddle
In the flame in the folks' desire
He's bald, but don't ever change
He's bald, always good to be bald
He's bald
He's bald
That's Dr. Hal singing.
Dr. Hal Robbins of AskDrHal.com
I can't remember who did that mix.
It's a great mix.
Dance floor mix.
Ibiza, Sunrise on the Dance Floor, Dance Floor mix.
Democrats and Republicans.
Nope, new ideas.
Nope, future.
Democrats and Republicans.
We should be able to.
Agree that we must benefit from the chaos.
Chaos.
Democrats and Republicans.
Nope, new ideas.
Nope, hope.
Nope, hope.
Democrats and Republicans.
Destructive ambitions.
Democrats and Republicans.
Evil.
Democrats and Republicans.
Government must end.
Government must end.
Read the math.
Democrats and Republicans.
Leave our children to face a far more dangerous world.
Okay.
Every child must learn.
Blood of my blood and flesh of my flesh.
Okay.
It's curious.
No, future.
Democrats and Republicans.
Government must end.
Chaos.
Chaos.
Life is a fish.
Entertainment is a fish.
Confused, confused, confused.
This is a strange, dangerous and awful game.

Go fishing.
Teens of a pure commercial path.
The black and blue line of borders.
Important.
приходating from you.


Pepper.
Democrats and Republicans. Nope. New ideas. Nope. Future.
Democrats and Republicans. We should be able to agree that we must benefit from the chaos.
Democrats and Republicans. Democrats and Republicans.
Democrats and Republicans. Nope. New ideas.
Harry, I saw a satellite tonight.
How's that all? You know, everyone's seen satellites these days.
Not like this. It came out of the sky and landed in the middle of the highway.
Harry, I almost hit it.
And a man, a giant of a man came out of it.
I could feel his hands at my throat.
I think he was after my diamond.
Oh, please, Art, you believe me, don't you?
Of course I do, sweetheart. Now, you've had a terrible night.
I think you need some rest.
Every place that Mitt has gone, problems, problems.
From Mitt.
I believe the American people are over.
And the government is we're .
I believe our laws ought to be written.
Look. Look. We face attack from unelected judges.
We face We're using too much oil.
We're spending too much money here.
This is from Asia.
This is a time for more talk and dithering.
It's a time for more talk and dithering in Washington!
I'm Mitt Romney.
I'm running, I'm running, I'm running, I'm running, I'm running, I'm running, running, running, running
running, running, running, running, munh, munh, munh, munh
You cut somebody's head off of me.
Bible was written by men to control other men.
Freak, freak.
It's, it's, it's, you know.
But if you want to, you know, you've got to follow directions, Bob.
Lady, you don't know what in the hell you're talking about.
Hello, Bob.
Hi.
What?
Reality, whatever.
I think you hit it on the head.
Building character, right?
Building character.
Hello.
Hi.
Turn to drugs and gangs and crime.
Black.
What do you think when you hear the word homo?
Hi, this is Les Glimbo.
Oh, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
No, no.
No, no, no, no.
I don't know.
No, no, no.
It's going to be great fun to fight leukemia.
Yes, I would like to come.
Yes, I would like to come.
No, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
Actually, Norrell Preff did that guitar work that you heard there behind George Bush.
That wasn't Bush on guitar.
Oh, man, what a disappointment to hear that it was an actual musician instead of George.
Das meute Freund.
The baby friend.
The baby friend.
I would like to remind my fellow subgeniuses that the following next few weeks will be hard work.
Demand a lot of sacrifice on the part of various subgeniuses in our various precincts.
I want them going around house to house, shaking hands, shaking feet, shaking booty, and trying to get people out to the polls.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.








Yes.
Yes.


Now, this is not a title which I confer lightly upon those who either disagree or disagree or disagree hardly with my format.
I don't like it.
If I did put it in the mouth.
No.
No, I forgot.
Yeah.
What that thing was.
Yes.
Yes.
It was enormous.
It was ugly.
It was ugly and enormous.
And then I screamed.
I screamed like a little woman.
Like a little baby girl.
And I dipped my feet in the water.
The river was so soothing.
So calm.
So refreshing.
I couldn't remember anything anymore.
Are those soothing microbes tickling away at your toes?
H1 has been genetically engineered to provide maximum comfort and safety.
Soothing away your cares.
When you're swimming in Saving Solution, doing the butterfly or the backflip,
don't forget.
It's never always time for...
That stuff.
My grandfather had been blinded by the great war.
No one was made actually officially aware of the occurrence
until long after the surrender.
They counted the great unseen unheard.
I missed it.
And by God,
I got quite a few.
We always just wanted to pack up and head across the river.
But there were no rivers in them days to come.
It was all dried up like your ideas, fatty.
So then we took a walk, yeah?
We just kept on walking until our feet couldn't do it no more.
Mine rotted off.
I felt so bad for them.
I really, really did when I read about that.
I just thought that was awful.
The great movements of people around the planet
from hither and yon,
moving to the poles,
and thence off into the silver cosmos
to be removed once again
like a vacuum tube original.
Goodbye!
Goodbye!
Goodbye!
Goodbye!
So long, Dave.
So long, Dave!
Boy, that was weird.
See you guys on the other side of X-Day 29!
Dave's gonna be gone until X-Day 29,
or when he comes back, whichever is first.
This is our first...
Pretty jazzy background music there, isn't it?
That's a rural war room
from our friend St. Byron Warner
and his friend Donovan Suit.
Or Suit, as I like to say.
By the way, I got an order from a Brian Warner.
Brian Warner.
Not Byron Warner.
Yes, I did.
Today, we got an order for a membership,
an ordainment as a minister
in Church of the Subgenius
from someone named
Brian Woerner.
As opposed to St. Byron Warner
who has done audio
of this perverse kind for many years.
By the way, that's
ruralwarroomrecords.com
That is a beautiful piece.
Say that three times fast.
Rural war room records.
Rural war room records.
Rural war room records.
Rural war room records.
Rural war room records.
I got one of those messages
like where they cut out different words
from different newspapers and magazines
and it was from a guy named Brian Shrimp.
And I guess he was trying to ruin my life somehow
but I was trying to let the...
You know, and he left no recording address
so I could return the dismal failure
and tell him, hey,
my life already is a miserable wreck.
Yes, Shrimp.
Yes, Shrimp.
Check it out.
Shrimp.
Hey, baby, you're going to ruin my already...
They don't like dancing down here, okay?
Especially people with no legs, eh?
I mean, there's something crude about it.
It offends his sensibilities.
He went to the war college he did.
I think it was the Byron Warner Rural War College.
Like Sandhurst did, you know.
They make men out of boys and vice versa.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
And they've got no legs.
It's because the legs were on fire.
What's that pipe tattoo on your arm, Seaman?
I couldn't tell you.
It must have been something that happened
when I fell asleep when I got drunk.
Seaman Staines, this is about the 15th time
I'm going to have to warn you.
I may have to warn you more vigorously next time.
If you know what I'm saying.
Are you going to have it removed?
Removed?
Are you going to have the rest of your body removed?
Heal cold and cold healed and...
The X's were listening to us.
Did you hear it?
Did you hear this?
They were listening to us.
They were listening to us.
Is that them?
Are they still listening to us?
I don't have a CD on, if that's what you're asking.
That's what I mean.
I've turned off all the background stuff.
I don't know where this noise is coming from.
So then we have to like what they are doing
or else maybe we get your...
Maybe this is X Day.
Maybe this is now.
Maybe it's 7 a.m. 1998, right this second.
In real life.
In real time.
It sure sounds like it to me.
It feels like it.
It does. It smells like it too.
The end of the world.
My third nostril is not only completely functional
but it's trying to...
Look, look, I'm levitating.
I'm levitating.
There he goes.
There he goes.
Dave.
Dave.
Hey, speaking of the end of the world,
I have a plug I should do.
I should plug something.
I mean, not like what Princess Wee
was just plugging a minute ago.
But speaking of the end of the world,
there's a new novel by John Shirley,
the great science fiction writer.
Happens to be a minister in the church,
Reverend John Shirley.
Piss Baptist.
You have to plug mine afterwards.
Well, yeah, but...
John's is called The Other End.
It's a novel called The Other End.
And it's about the other end of the world.
We're used to an end of the world
that's dictated by the Christians
and Revelation
and St. John of Patmos and so forth.
Daniel.
St. George of Scythos.
All these various predictions
of this horrible end of the world
where God will punish all the...
Well, what if God really did punish the...
Well, not exactly punish,
punish the guilty,
but change them so that they saw
what they had done wrong
and were prompted to correct,
to change the way they did things.
What if the end of the world
was the end of injustice
and there was an epidemic,
as happens in this strange book
by John Shirley,
The Other End,
an epidemic of justice.
And the people who are keeping
other people as slaves...
I'm going to decide about it daily.
I do.
Evil gangs that are keeping people
as slaves and prostitutes
and prostitution change their...
Suddenly, these cones of light
enter their heads
and they change their minds.
They free their slaves.
Wow, man.
And evil industrialists
who are about to just totally wreck
another country, Burma,
with their evil oil deals, Chevron.
It suddenly changed their...
Suddenly have a...
Are stricken with conscience.
It's a very weird science fiction book
where the world ends in a good way,
and God is a good guy
instead of a bad guy.
Wow, man.
So then it does actually end
after the apotheosis of all these Andalusian dogs.
I don't know.
I haven't finished.
I'm only about two-thirds of the way
through the book.
It's like every John Shirley book.
It's really good.
But if you know John Shirley,
it's really John Shirley.
Well, I know that's not a very manly name.
His name should be named John Shirley.
Shirley, Shirley.
Yeah, John Certainly would be more...
Yeah, that's more like a non-diplomer
guy.
Well, John's a tough...
He's a real tough badass, though.
And so he's the kind of guy that...
You know, it's like Mick Jagger could act
real girlish because he was so macho.
And at Burning Man
for about five years,
the most macho thing you could do
was walk around with women's
stockings, hose.
And butterfly wings.
Yeah. Guys would dress like girls
to prove how manly they were,
and they weren't scared of being called a sissy.
Like they were shoving huge slices
of quiche in their mouth.
Sissy wearing them high heels
and stockings, and they'd go,
Who you calling a sissy, buddy?
I can kick a soccer ball 150 miles.
Copyright, Lenny Bruce.
Anyway,
so I just wanted to put in that plug
for John Shirley's book, The Other End.
However, there is a yet
a greater book,
greater because no one can even read it yet
unless it's emailed to you,
called InfoScan
by lonesome
clown boy dame
DeLucan.
The luckiest, well,
DeLuca, that means unlooked.
The luck removed.
In English, it means unlocked.
Yeah.
And our sacred agent, Dave and I,
share a sacred agent
whose name I don't want to
give out on the air because
he has a family.
And since we do share him like the
Eucharist, we wouldn't want anybody
stealing any of the wafers.
And now I know neither.
I wonder if you're really plugging those.
You're just giving people information about these books.
No, we can plug John's
and we can plug Dave's because no one can buy it yet.
And also, Dave is not really a station member.
Oh.
I can't plug my books because I'm a station member.
Oh, I shouldn't have even mentioned my books.
But I can say that they're...
No, no, no, you can't.
I can't even say it?
No, no, because somebody died,
I might make money off Book of the Subgenius.
How many books does somebody, you know,
say be somebody like you,
how many do you have that such a person would,
would might have out?
John?
No, such a person...
Oh, such a person as me?
Only three at this time.
The church, per se.
In our purses, we only have the three.
And there was one that was released just last year,
wasn't it?
Hey, isn't the next...
It's Bob Leografon.
You're not supposed to say the name Bob Leografon.
Is the DJ supposed to come in here at some point?
Is there a light blinking or flashing?
No, and I didn't see any traces
of any sinisterness in the hallway.
No way.
Well, we'll...
Tiny little Carmelite friars are going to come in here
and insert almonds into our fizz fuzz thing.
You know, he often causes this show
to go on for longer than an hour,
which causes me editing problems later.
Oh, poor, poor Reverend Stang
has too many minutes of slack.
He has to shave off minutes.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Well, I've heard he falls asleep
in the parking lot listening to us.
He's made so satisfied and desperate,
he's going to have to go to the hospital.

What does that...
What does...
Descoupe.
What does that mean?
What is Descoupe?
It's a word I saw,
and I don't know its meaning.
Well, I know what decoupage is,
but I don't know what Descoupe is.
Oh, well, then that would be the real Descoupe.
See, you wouldn't say Des,
because that's silly.
Right, it would be Descoupe.
Because Descoupe is spelled Descoupe-age.
Descoupe-age.
Descoupe-age.
It probably has to do with organic chickens.
Well, since I'm going to have to cut some stuff out,
I might as well mention that, uh...
Cut here.
I'm going to get that phone call,
and I'm going to just put on a tape, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
Sheriff, I want to talk to you.
Go ahead.
This court will recess till two this afternoon.
Raise your right hand.
You swear that the thing but the not truth
the whole truth tell the truth?
Definitely not.
Truth that the whole but true thing
the not tell the truth.
I'll see your truth.
I do.
I do.
Now, Mr. Burris,
what did you see?
Well, I saw the bus and the wind and broke the law,
and did you hear anything?
Oh, yes, sir.
What did you see?
I heard a woman scream.
Did you see anything?
No, sir.
I see.
What did you see?
Well, I saw the inside the lens table,
and the glass broken out,
broken the wind just a little bit.
Your witness.
Order!
Let's have order!
When?
Your Honor, I requested my fur with concession,
et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
That seems a reasonable request until 315.
Your Honor, I'll state frankly to Mr. Mason
that witness must cross to a stint check any
opposed on ear of the nuts.
Sir, Your Honor, I think you're a cook and housekeeper
employed by Mark Cushing.
No, certainly not.
Then I want to take the stand.
Mr. Mason, you don't have to answer this question, all right?
But do you have anything to say?
Yes.
I expect right in his car and the door on the
be a handle to have in some part.
Stop it!
That's all.
Cocky socks, yes.
