A glam buff rip-off, one of those Entertainment Weekly jobbies that they sent us the little script to do and we get our 69.50 per hit.
No one ever believes when we do this show on the moon. They always think it's done in Arizona somewhere.
Sedona, they think. At the crystal transmitter.
If they really knew what was really going on and the stuff that we say about the U.S. gobernanco and how much trouble we could really get into because
we're actually, if they knew where this show came from, where it really emanated from, that it was not really a live show and it was coming all the way from six feet, er, six miles, six miles under.
Six feet under.
Gosh.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack. Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Subgenius.
Six miles under, dear friends.
But enough of that buzzing in there here. If we go to DEFCON 7, that news bill alert not only the homophobic leprechaun people, which they're putting in every town across the country now.
There's another one of those absurd buffoon ideas that comes out of the D.I.A. and Reichsmarschall Otz left potato.
You know, and these.
Guys go right.
Right along with it.
Next thing you know, we've got these these strange creatures walking in and out of finest rainies and so forth.
Excuse me for using these names on the air, you know, but in the supermarket, right?
You're in the supermarket and there they are from another what dimension who even knows where the hell they come from.
And we have to deal with it in some way or another.
We shut our eyes, you know, like maybe one eye goes a little bit askew or perhaps maybe even one eye points.
It's way the hell down at you, like, say, your left index toe or whatever you want to call it.
Your your right eye shoots all the way out there and is trying to mess around with Pegasaurus or whatever the hell the name is.
You know, the sickness or something like that.
So, you know, obviously you look like a criminal when you come up to a security guard and say, what's with the weird, you know, nuclear leprechaun, you know, the radioactive leprechaun in the store.
And, you know, you get not not only do you not get a response from this.
This Android security guard.
Furthermore, escorted out into the parking lot where like a couple of large Teutonic tit willow looking women come up and frisk you up and down until your legs are pink.
You know, despite the natural, natural yellow.
Dave's right about all that.
Actually, the replicants these days are not getting any better.
They're they're not they're not making them right wherever they're.
Making them.
I saw one that looked just like an old man shuffling down the street just today.
All typical.
Later 20th century American replicant character, you know, little poor thing could barely.
I mean, it's just a machine, but it could barely shuffle along.
It's a little video cameras didn't work very well.
Obviously, it was having trouble keeping its balance.
It was carrying somebody's groceries home for him.
Oh, dear friends.
That was some lonesome cowboy Dave and Chaz from Einstein Secret Orchestra recorded off the Internet.
WCSB's streaming and friends, friends, friends.
Tonight is the Austin revival night of tapes.
We we did get some great audio recordings from the that the subgenius revival in Austin, Texas, a couple of weeks ago.
Sponsored by mighty fringe wear, praise fringe wear.
And so that's what it's going to be tonight.
Folks, tapes of the preaching and the music here in the background.
You hear Booger 9000 with members of the Swingin' Love Corpses and Joe Newman's Rudy Schwartz project.
Friends, we have the evil irreverent Friday Jones.
We have Cracklin.
Rosie.
Herself as performed by Booger 9000.
We've got my new rant about the well, the war, the new war.
The juggler speaks.
Pope Angus speaks.
Dr. Legume will preach.
Your ears off.
Booger 9000 will shock the living gee out of you.
Reverend Ed Strange.
Hopefully, we'll get to Tom X.
The Crystal Methodist live prank calls done off stage.
On stage at the Austin Revival.
And last but not least, Reverend Nikki Death Chick with her spanking.
But in the meantime, friends, let us go back into that selfsame Austin Revival just so many scant short few weeks ago.
Uh.
Aah yesss.
Uh Yu.
mandolin and beingquestoniindo r심ной


Normally if I were doing some Genius 101 to introduce the unsaved and so forth to the church,
We'd probably have.
Oh, we do have videos right here?
But we have the other subgenius cheerleaders and all this other stuff.
And I have my rehearsed rant and so forth.
But friends, tonight I don't care about the unsaved.
I don't care about those who never sent their $30 to Bob.
I'm preaching to the dudes playing subgeniuses.
Yes, this time I'm preaching to the choir.
Normally we do it the other way around.
We're not like those other churches that only preach to the choir.
We like to go right down into the dams of iniquity like this club.
Where they sell drugs like beer and liquor and stuff.
And it's not a bad job actually.
Friends, one thing I should get clear and many people have asked about and wondered about.
Most of us involved in the higher end of the church of the subgenius
are what are called subgeniuses.

They're commonly called bisexuals.
That means when you buy, we come.
So, friends, Reverend Friday Jones and Irreverent Friday Jones
came all the way here from Boston just to sell you the sacred swag of that man Bob.
Praise Reverend Friday Jones.
She is the two large red globes standing beneath that.
Thank you.
Subgenius sinners.
Avert your eyes from the face of Bob because the smoke that rises from his pipe brings madness.
The light that shines from his grin induces blindness.
Merely to touch his filthy salesman hand is enough to make you grow hair on your palms.
His is the face that burns above the gates of hell.
His followers may laugh and dance in the maw of the apocalypse.
But those who are of pure heart can see.
That they are soulless slackers.
Heaven is not for such as those who went by their way onto the endless orgies of the pleasure saucers
to copulate with squamous alien things.
These sinners must be cast out of every home and left to wander nameless in the ashes
and then hunted down and purified.
You must help us save the subgeni.
Subgeni.
Send.
One dollar.
Two.
Ban.
Organize.
Blasphemy.
B.
O.
B.
P.O.
Box.
One.
Four.
O.
Three.
O.
Six.
Dallas, Texas.
Seven.
Five.
Two.
One.
Four.
A murmur of faith from the heart of the Bible Belt.
And friends,
those sacred,
and things will be going fast.
And then I will be coming fast, I suppose you could say.
Um,
Pope Angus said one thing wrong.
He said that I was the leader of the church of the subgenius.
I just work here.
That man, Bob, is the only one whose instructions you should always follow.
In other words,
what we're trying,
I tell you friends,
is question authority or else.
Oh!
And that's when you're supposed to say,
why?
Why?
Um,
friends,
there have,
uh,
we do have a schedule here,
believe it or not,
and we do stick to it.
Destroy it!
Oh, do it!
Tell them about what?
How did you know a hair coat?
Um,
friends,
there's been a lot of other Texas cult leaders,
in the news since the last time I was down here in Austin,
and,
you know,
when we look what happened to them,
I have to wonder whether we should even be here,
but, you know,
maybe, I don't know,
it's for the best.
Well, as far as doomsday cults go,
friends, Texas doomsday cults,
we are certainly the most slackful.
I mean, I just,
it's, compared to the Heaven's Gate people,
uh,
you know,
and, and so forth,
I mean,
the way Dr. LeGuy and people,
as you put it,
the,
well, the Heaven's Gate people have some things right,
but we subgeniuses are perfectly happy to stand on the corner
and wait for the bus,
not leap out in front of the bus and say,
hit me, you know?
That's, um,
Just picture yourself.
And,
and,
it, what,
but to tell the truth,
what really pissed me off about the Heaven's Gate thing,
that's old news and so forth,
the, the sort of like Waco, I guess you could say,
but,
um,
you know,
as,
sure,
they were a bunch of dumbasses that got the date for the end of the world wrong
and left a couple of letters off the end of Bob's name every time I tried to say it,
but,
what made me a lot more sick than 39 dead cultists,
and, you know,
we could have,
if we were gonna do it,
it'd be 39,000.
It'd be Reeboks, not Nikes.
But,
the saddest thing about it was the way the normals got on television after that and said,
aren't those people so silly with their ridiculous superstitions?
Uh,
our god,
our invisible god doesn't kill us.
My invisible monster is bigger than your invisible monster.
Nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh.
And, friends, that's what most religions are all about.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you may laugh at that,
but I'm afraid to tell you that,
according to the latest study I saw,
over 87,000,
87% of Americans believe that there is an invisible monster that will take care of them if they kiss its ass,
and,
you know,
cause their enemies bad luck if they pray enough.
And, friends,
because of those idiots believing in that monster,
there is one.
He certainly made a lot of laws that we've ended up having to live by.
But, friends,
you can fight back!
Yes!
We can turn the tables,
and,
we can declare war on God!
Yeah!
That takes a lot of fucking nerve!
That's the first night I've ever,
we mentioned this on the radio once,
was the first time in public that we have publicly declared war on God!
Yeah!
Frankly, some people might say that was real disrespectful sounding.
Yeah!
But, just between you and me,
the way if I was gonna have a God,
it wouldn't be the kind that required little old ladies,
to defend it.
You know what I mean?
Like that guy in Pulp Fiction said,
Vengeance is mine!
Saith the Lord!
Which means,
if we're fucking up,
then let God worry about it, okay?
Or as that little old lady wrote to the Dallas Morning News,
all those Southern Baptists don't want those homosexuals going into Disneyland,
and,
isn't it bad enough that they're gonna spend eternity in hell?
What can't the Baptist do?
The Baptist let them go to Disneyland first!
So friends,
we,
you, I think you,
most of you understand what we mean when we say we're declaring war on God.
Repent, friends!
Repent through spending!
And you better do it quick,
we've only got,
according to my computer,
only 295 days left,
before X-Day,
July 5th, 1998,
that's September,
7 o'clock in the morning,
which is of course the end of the world,
as they know it,
the end for the,
uh,
pinks and so forth,
but,
I imagine most people here already understand enough about Bob,
the church,
and so forth,
don't you?
Is anybody here that needs to have it explained to you?
Meet,
well,
you can meet Dr. LeHume and me out back there for the show,
and we'll,
we'll straighten that out for you.
Now I can either leave the communion,
or I can do my off,
so be bitter.

You'll be fine.

Bob,
billionaire regại .
Love,
chapter three,



marina so many soga drew So your doing on me.
Satan's cheerleaders.
Satan's cheerleaders.
All right.
Satan's cheerleaders.
Jesus is speaking, friends.
I am the Lord Jesus Christ.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, we forgot to impact while we were thanking, you know, the lighting man, the band, and Friday, and then the light and so forth.
We forgot to mention Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God.
You're the business manager for the church in the South.
Oh, there's older brother Satan, that old serpent, also here.
Now, you boys don't be fighting.
They're always arguing over who's dad's favorite.
Oh, look, isn't that nice?
No, that's okay.
Come on, you guys.
We need to pass out the Kool-Aid.
I think Satan's the lovely cheerleaders.
Yes!
We have, what are these again?
Satan's snap and Kool-Aid.
All right.
Hey.
Glad you made it.
Thanks for coming.
You too.
You and you.
You too.
Racklin' Rosie, get on board.
We gonna ride till there ain't no more to go.
Taking it slow.
Lord, don't you know.
I'll have me a time with the poor man.
Man's lady hitchin' on a twilight train.
And she doesn't hear that I care to take along.
Maybe a song to sing when I want.
No need to say please to no man for a happy tune.
Oh, I love my Rosie child.
I love my Rosie child.

You and me, we're going in style.
Racklin' Rosie, just an odd woman.
But you make me sing like a guitar strumming.
Hang on to me, girl.
The song keeps running.
Ah!

Ah!
Ah!
Ah!


Ah!

Ah!
Ah!









Ah!
Play it now.
Play it now.
Play it now, my baby.
Racklin' Rosie, make me smile.
Girl, if it lasts for an hour, well, that's all right.
We got all night to set the world right.
Hang on to me and then fuck my asshole babe.
Oh, I love my rosy child.
She got the way to make me happy.
You and me, we're going in style.
Franklin, Rosie, the store-bought woman.
You make me sing like a guitar strumming.
Hang on to me, girl, the song keeps running.
Oh, I love my rosy child.
Oh, I love my rosy child.
Oh, I love my rosy child.
Oh, I love my rosy child.
Oh, I love my rosy child.
Oh, I love my rosy child.
Oh, I love my rosy child.
Oh, I love my rosy child.
Oh, I love my rosy child.
Oh, I love my rosy child.
Oh, I love my rosy child.
The first miracle friend.
If he had been normal, that would have killed him.
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Thank you.
Do not be fooled by the blatant subgenius propaganda you may have heard on this radio station.
These people are liars. They will lie to deceive you.
They worship no true God, but the true God.
They follow the crazed babblings of the brain-damaged J.R. Bob-Dogs, supposed child of space aliens.
They sell humans to the graves and harvest the leftovers for slack plans.
Sleep is their form of prayer.
They make a mockery of all who oppose them and all who join them.
If you are foolish enough to join Bob, you could be taken away at any moment to Malaysia,
where naked women will perform the third nostril opening.
And make you sensitive to the smells from beyond.
Don't inhale while the subgeniuses are still spreading their evil.
Only breathe God's air.
You must help us stop them.
Send one dollar to Ban Organized Blasphemy, B.O.B.
P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
A murmur of faith from the heart of the Bible Belt.
Snap out of it. Billions of tormented souls are burning in hell.
And you're one of them! But this is only the top floor of hell!
And when the demons try to tell you that, you think it's some kind of a satire or a comedy show.
Yes?
If you need to fill time, Bob is commanding me to speak right now.
I'm one of the mystery souls that was saved by suicide a few months ago, as prophesied in the last bulletin.
And I have a great message of slack for Austin.
Oh, sure! Go ahead.
If it goes on for more than about two minutes, we'll pull the big hook out.
Unless it's really good. Then we'll worship you instead of Bob.
Okay, now I can keep this brief, people. I want to tell you something.
Two weeks ago, you know what I did?
What did you do?
I quit my motherfucking job!
Woo!
Now, I was a waiter at a restaurant. And not just any waiter. I was the head waiter, okay?
I had responsibilities. I had burdens. And boy, these people were evil, man.
We're talking conspiracy. And you know what I did?
I waited until 12.30 until I was holding down a ten-top, three two-tops, a six-top, and a four.
And I walked right the fuck out of there!
Alright, now, people, my soul is very, very troubled.
I was not kidding about that suicide remark.
Yes, folks, it was Bob that saved me when that pamphlet arrived and said,
We know that two mystery souls have been saved from that act of self-destruction.
I knew it was me, and I persevered.
Now, I have been...
Bob, kill me!
I have been struggling in my heart now.
Now, I'm either going to go off to the Himalayas and live in a cave for the rest of my life...
Me, too!
...or I'm going to start a church, and it's called Bob's 23rd Universal Church of the World.
And I'm going to start it right here in Austin.
Alright?
Now, this shouldn't have happened.
This shouldn't be the first Texas event in five years, dammit!
I bought my salvation for $20, okay?
I'm an original old dude paying trips as a subgenius member!
I've been at this for a while, folks.
My name is Dr. Juggle.
I've been juggling for 13 years, and the reason I'm not rich at it is because I don't want to stand around and make a bunch of conspiracy geeks laugh.
Alright?
That's what they want from me.
They want serious entertainment.
They want to laugh.
They want to forget how much the world sucks.
Well, I can't.
Juggle for Bob!
Now, the reason I'm not juggling tonight is because I'm drunk, goddammit, and I deserve it!
Alright, now, I want to ask you people a question, because this will really help me out, alright?
Ask us.
Now, should I go to the Himalayas?
Yes!
Or should I hit Austin with the biggest slack crusade the world has ever seen?
Thank you, people.
Now, you might know me as the man who smashed my watch tonight, or had it smashed for me, alright?
I am no longer wearing Satan's handcuffs, and Austin is going to hear about it.
Remember, my name is Dr. Juggle.
Now, I'm not on the internet or anything like that.
Because I'm a poor motherfucker.
I haven't been able to afford a computer that I spent all my money on dope for the past ten years just to keep from killing myself!
Alright, now, I don't smoke pot anymore.
I quit three and a half months ago, folks.
So I'm fucking insane, alright?
I just needed it to keep me under control, and it's not going to happen anymore.
So look out, Austin.
I'm on the way, and I need your support.
Thank you.
And it is an honor to be here tonight with Dr. Ivan Stang, Reverend Ivan Stang, whoever the hell he is.
And I turn you back over to him now.
Thank you very fucking much.
Please, the juggler.
Go for the juggler!
Please, the introducer.
Oh, friends, miracles and miracles tonight.
I want to talk to you for a couple of minutes.
Talk to us.
Now, you haven't been making the transformation because you haven't been getting the information.
Can I get a praise Bob tonight?
Praise Bob!
You ought to be reading now.
You ought to be meditating.
I don't care about the storm that's coming up the next day.
You've got to get right with Bob.
Do I have to preach for myself tonight?
Bob will change the way you walk.
Bob will change the way that you talk.
Bob will change the way that you dress.
Bob will change the way that you think.
And we're here to help you make the journey tonight.
Thank you.
Friends, I'm going to take him.


I'm going to take a second to recognize a special being in the Church of the Subgenius.
Thank you.
When Jesus came back to earth, he came straight back to the one church with a fucking attitude.
If you read your Christian Bible, it clearly states in Luke 12 51,
Do you think I've come back to bring peace to earth?
No, I tell you, I have come to divide.
Ladies and gentlemen, please give it up for our Lord and Savior, Reverend Jesus H. Christ.
Thank you.
All right, Jesus.
Come here and tell me something there, Jesus.
Fuck it, Henry.
Thank you.
I told you, folks.
Go ahead.
That's it.
Okay.
We told you that the slack starts here tonight.
Where?
Tonight is the start of your transformation.
When?
Tonight is the start of your own creativity.
What?
Yeah.
You'll learn the hate that cleanses the world.
Thank you.
And the man to show you the way is Dr. Katahdin Lagoon.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Thank you, man.
It is a challenging time in life.
It may be in our memory to do music but it is in our soul.

It is.
It is.
I love that Cantor pair because it takes determination to grow and give.
It's for sure.
We're going to stay there.
We'll keep doing it.
We're going to do this.

So jelly.
And it will be a painful race it's not going to be easy.
This song does make you feel some tired.

And you switch gr الح навadilles.


All right, guys.


One thousand.

Three hundred.
Merry Christmas!
Oh yeah, see we got a whole bunch of saved in the audience tonight.
Well, I come all the way from Philadelphia tonight to have a little chat with y'all.
I wanted to tell you a story about when I was growing up.
In a little town called Oil City, Pennsylvania.
Every day I'd live in this dirty little town. It was always gray, it smelled bad there.
And every day I'd go with my mom and drop lunch off to my dad at work down at the oil fields.
And I'd look out there at them pumping that oil and I'd think it looked like they had punched a great big old wound in the earth.
And the earth was bleeding its thick black blood.
Yes, the earth was bleeding thick black blood and it smelled like blood and it looked like blood.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
And every day, every day I'd wait for my daddy to come home from work.
And he'd come into the house and he'd be all covered in that thick black blood.
He'd have that blood in his hair.
He'd have that blood in his clothes.
He'd have that blood caked around his nails. He was covered in that blood.
And I'd look up at my daddy all covered with that blood and I'd say,
Daddy, someday I want to be just like you.
Oh yeah.
And I will, brothers and sisters, I will in just a few short months on X day, brothers and sisters,
I will be drenched in that blood because this is the generation that shall see the bleeding flesh of the earth and the broken bones of time.
Can I get a praise ball?
Yes, brothers and sisters.
Humanity is about to take the next big evolution.
The next big evolutionary step.
Into the grave.
Can I get an amen?
Amen.
Oh yes, can I get a praise ball?
Praise ball.
Oh, and brothers and sisters, there are people out there, you just heard them on the radio talking.
They think that being God's obedient little hand puppet is going to save them.
Praise puppet.
Let me tell you.
That is one mighty big fist to have shoved up your ass forever.
But then to each his own.
Praise the Father.
Oh yeah.
Yes, let me tell you about Christianity, brothers and sisters.
Christianity is kind of like a pair of them silicone titty implants.
Oh, they look great.
They feel great.
They leak.
But they're fake.
And deep inside lurks an ugly spark of cancer.
Yes, brothers and sisters, cancer.
The cancer of fear.
Kill me.
Oh yeah, the cancer of fear eats away at them.
That's what their whole religion's around, fear.
Fear of Satan.
Fear of sex.
Praise sex.
Give me sex.
Fear of chupacabra.
Fear of chupacabras.
Fear of alien abduction.
Fear of paparazzi.
Why, they're afraid to wash their genitals because they don't want God to think they're masturbating.
Oh yes.
But little do they know.
They really do have something to fear.
I'm not playing masturbating because I think I'm cleaning my genitals.
They have something to fear.
They have Bob to fear.
And they have his mighty Church of the Subgenius to fear.
They have X Day to fear.
Oh yeah.
They better be saving up some of that fear.
Maybe they should stop being afraid of washing their genitals and such.
Maybe they should store up some of that fear.
Because they're going to need it come X Day.
Can I get an Amen?
Amen.
Oh yeah.
Put on your PJs, humanity, because it's bedtime.
Oh yeah.
And some of y'all are going to be curling right up with the rest of humanity.
Some of y'all are going to be curling up with the rest of humanity in that nice warm bed.
Yeah, nice warm bed.
Of course it's warm.
Your fucking house will be burning around you.
And you can't get out because your fucking world will be burning around that.
Oh yeah.
But brothers and sisters, there's something you can do about it.
You don't have to die.
Please?
Personally.
I really don't want anybody else to join the Church of the Subgenius tonight.
Because I'd like to kill you anyway.
If it wasn't for Bob, I'd probably be out trying to kill all the people who are members of the Church of the Subgenius.
Kill me now!
Oh yeah.
But that's out of my hands.
Bob's protecting you.
Kill for Bob!
Yeah, Bob's protecting you from me because he pays me.
Maybe.
Yeah, but there's something you can do about it, brothers and sisters.
What's that?
All you have to do is have in your pocket that Subgenius membership card.
Oh yeah.
That's like, that's not just a membership card.
That's a ticket.
It's a ticket on the escape vessels of the sex gods.
And on July 5th, 1998, they're coming.
And we'll be coming too.
Good!
Let me tell you, brothers and sisters.
I've got nothing to worry about.
I could go out and murder 100 people tonight.
Conspiracy couldn't do nothing.
I got my membership card.
Oh, they could give me the death penalty.
But I'll just rise again in July.
They could give me life in prison.
But their life won't be as long as mine.
I'll outlive them.
After all, they've only got a few months to live.
Bob will come and spring me.
I know he will.
Yeah, brothers and sisters.
Oh, yeah, brothers and sisters.
But there's not a lot of time remaining for you.
There's not a lot of time remaining for you.
It's just a few months away.
Y'all are going to die.
You don't understand.
All of you who don't have a Subgenius membership card are going to die.
Oh, yeah.
The river is rising, brothers and sisters.
The river is rising.
And you're going to drown.
Appreciate it.
Tonight, Bob Dobbs and his church of the Subgenius are offering you a personal flotation device.
Yes.
Yes.
A mighty surfboard of flak so that you can hang ten into Shangri-La.
Yes, brothers and sisters.
Yes.
Oh, yes.
The time.
The time is ticking away, brothers and sisters.
Like that little slam bracelet on your wrist.
The time is ticking away.
Just a few short months remain.
And yet, I know that some of you are going to walk out of here tonight without a Subgenius membership card in their wallet.
Well, on your way out, you should stop over at that sales table anyway.
Because over there at the sales table, they're selling these Bob boxes.
Boxer shorts.
Your money's still green.
And let me tell you, if you get a pair of those Bob boxer shorts, you take them home and you fold them up and put them in your drawer.
But you can take them out and put them, carry them with you on July 5th, 1998.
Because, brothers, when them saucers come, you're going to need a clean pair of underwear.
It's like your mama said, make sure you're wearing clean underwear.
You might get into an accident.
But it won't be an accident, brothers and sisters.
Let me tell you, Bob will be happy to leave you...
...twisted in the wind.
Amen, brothers and sisters.
But before I close out what I have to say tonight, I'd like to leave you all with three simple words.
Three simple words.
Three simple words that could save your life.
Don't fuck with me!
Don't fuck with me!
Sister.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
They took me to Mrs. Hall's third grade class.
And they made me read Dick and Jane stories to the third graders.
And then they made me dress up in a giant bunny rabbit suit.
And I did a dance in a circle with this other guy who was dressed up to look like Barney.
And we danced around.
And then they made us listen to Helen Reddy records.
We had to dance to fucking Helen Reddy.
And it wasn't fun.
It wasn't fun, my friends.
But it wasn't that bad.
I mean, you know, compared to that one time.
You know, that one time.
It wasn't that bad.
It wasn't that bad.
It wasn't that bad.
They shocked the living ghee out of me.
Well, I guess that's it.
Thank you.
We're all through.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks for coming out.
The stars will be right July 5th, 1998.
A deal shall be struck with the alien gods of the outer spaces,
and you can be a part of this contract.
Learn to summon the Elder Gods through exogasm.
Board the pleasure saucers and escape the inevitable destruction of this planet.
Eternal salvation or triple your money back.
For further details, send $1 to the Subgenius Foundation,
P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214,
or visit www.subgenius.com.
Well, that's that.
We did it.
I didn't say it would be good.
Oh, there seems to be someone here who had a problem with the church of the subgenius.
Well, somebody's been handing out these flyers.
I got one.
Did anybody see these?
There's some geeks.
Well, I shouldn't say geeks.
Hell, we're all geeks here.
Some, you know, the old...
Beware the subgenius.
Do not be fooled by the blatant subgenius.
Propaganda.
You may see here.
These people are liars.
They will lie to deceive you.
They worship no true God,
but follow the crazed babblings of brain-damaged J.R. Bob Dobbs,
child of space aliens.
Praise Bob.
They sell humans to the greys
and harvest the leftovers for slack glands.
Praise Bob.
Sleep is their form.
They make a mockery of all who oppose them and all who join them.
Praise Bob.
If you are foolish enough to join Bob,
you could be taken away at any moment to Malaysia,
where naked women will perform the third nostril opening
and make you sensitive to smells from the beyond.
Don't inhale while the subgenius...
are still spreading their evil.
Only breathe God's air.
And if you must help us to stop them,
send one dollar to...
Oh, okay.
BAM Organized Blasphemy.
P.O. Box 14306 Dallas, Texas 711.
A murmur of faith from the heart of the Bible Belt.
Woo-hoo!
Woo!
I mean, that's all that aside.
Not, you know, as a side dish,
but just completely off to the side.
Then you got your third eye magnets,
your force field firewall people,
you've got your intruders from Dimension Omega,
you've got your craptons of industry,
you've got your Polaroids for Science,
and that includes a number of genetically altered and mutated
people who sell pickles.
You know, and that's their pizza front.
But that's the whole thing.
If you're asking me, it's like the rats in the basement.
It's all the shit, you know.
But did you...
Did they give you the discount?
Si, si, yes, they gave me the discount.
It was only, uh, well, look, I have to sign here.
If I get a blue card, that means I come more than twice a week.
If I come three times a week, I automatically get a gold card.
I get a gold card, it means, man, that I go down to 20% discount for everything.
I mean, that's a deep discount, man. That's pretty deep.
That's as deep as the ocean, and twice as wide.
People always put me down
They're screaming and I'm walking on sacred ground
Well, people got to try and see
That I'm doing what I want now
So let me do this
Hey!
Talkin' bout a feeling that is making me feel afraid
Hey!
Talkin' bout a feeling that is making me mad
I don't really think what I'm doing is all that bad
And hey!
I'm just singing out of part of my soul
And I'm going to keep on trying to get to my goal
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!

Hey!

Hey!
Hey!
