Remember, we're sitting together listening to this.
And this was pleasing.
Remember, we're sitting together listening to this.
And this was pleasing.
Remember, we're sitting together listening to this.
And this was pleasing.
to God.
Oh, Reverend Stange.
This is the good old days.
Well, if it was really the good old days, we'd be in a car.
We'd have gotten in a car so we could get away from our wives.
Yeah, now our wives don't want us around anymore.
They don't want to hear it anyway.
They really don't pay any attention.
Can't you guys leave?
Go do something.
Why don't you guys go drive around like we used to?
Why don't you go do a radio show?
Something so we don't have to listen to you.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Self Genius Hour of Slack.
What?
Eternal Salvation.
Eternal Salvation.
Or triple your money back.
The Church of the Subgenius.
Bring you another 33 minutes of condensed, uraglic function over the quality audio-visual techniques exacerbated and complicated by The Church of the Subgenius.
Copyright 1985-86.
Oh, Dr. Spurgeon.
Oh.
Now, you know, as most of you probably already know, within this rigidly hierarchical framework of The Church of the Subgenius,
the only real heresy in our church is orthodoxy.
Now, it occurs to me that I'm from the orthodox Stangian megafist temple lodge of the...
Fist temple wrath of...
Bob's Yeti resurrected, which is technically the most orthodox Stangian...
Or, uh, hera...
Well, it's the biggest heresy.
See?
It can be the most orthodox of all the subgenius doctrines, and yet, therefore, because it's so orthodox, it's the biggest heresy.
See, you can't bait me.
No way.
Go ahead and try.
As most of you have figured out, peer pressure to somehow fit in with anything is the conspiracy's...
Conspiracy.
Conspiracy's biggest snare.
It's their best trick.
And most of you have already quit wishing you could be like those pink jerks.
You know, you've realized if you're a loner, then so be it.
And, friends, you can indeed learn to think completely for yourself.
But only J.R. Bob Dobbs can show you how!
Now, firebirds and camaros.
Firebirds and camaros are what my friend Dr. Drummond terms clone-mobiles.
They're the cars of choice of one of the mainstream types of pinks, or normals.
The cars all look exactly alike, and the people who drive them are all exactly alike.
They really, really are.
They all listen to the same radio station, no matter what part of the country they're in,
because even if the call letters are different...
It's still the same radio station.
And the DJs all say the same jokes at the same time of day.
And it's always...
Real rock radio!
Real rock radio!
Because the same songs are always playing simultaneously in every nook and cranny of this great nation.
It's the rise of the mediocritans, my friend.
Everything nowadays, if you look around, everything's getting to where it really does look just like it does on TV.
Every city is the same city now.
They're all just spores of one gigantic, spreading, amoebic mall
that'll someday cover this globe like an endless ant bed.
And from any given... It's already, you know, from any given downtown, you can drive for hours,
for hours driving away from that downtown through the same identical mini-malls,
the pizza huts, the apartment complexes and housing developments,
in endless...
Endless repetition.
Now, you know, I remember when that was considered dystopian science fiction.
And now that it's here, we think it's completely normal!
And all the little towns, you know, that used to have their own quaint, individualistic thing, all different,
now they all have the Whataburger, they all have the Burger King and the mall and the cinema octoplex,
while everything that made them, you know, their little quaint...
courthouse, or their strange vegetable stands and Dinosaur Park and so forth,
it's all being swallowed up by the devouring pinkness, the clockwork orangutans.
Attention, pinks!
Incensate meat puppets!
If you can step away from your numbness long enough to really look around you,
does what you see excite you?
Does it really give you slack?
Does it do anything for you?
you, but just prolong the numbness. Oh, it's okay, you say. Everything's okay. In fact, I don't like
things that are more than okay, because then that makes me think there might be things that were
less than okay. As long as everything's okay, well, that's good enough. You can't have your cake and
eat it too, can you? I mean, we're free enough. We can indulge in all the properly ritualized
bad behavior, like going to the lake and watching the game, getting real drunk and beating our dogs
and our wives, but that's understood. You know, we all do that. But now, on the other hand,
and friends, going to the lake and watching the game and getting real drunk and launching
golfer heads while chanting and levitating, naked, fropped to the gills, performing
activities.
Dr. Encouragements.
Dr. Acu-beatings with each other's spouses and dogs. No way! Uh oh! No, no! It's okay to sublimate
our sexual drives into things like despoiling the landscape at the expense of health and
self awareness just for money, because the only thing that gives our tired, twisted old nervous
systems any kind of a thrill is the thought that we can buy more things. My friend, you're
able enough to Instagram or a hair salon, or any other social media platform that might tell you
Your body, just another thing to buy, my friends.
It is a thing to buy.
It's the thing to go by.
Your body keeps clocking in on the job,
functioning on not more than 10% of your life essence,
and the conspiracy gets the rest.
You moron.
They've got you thinking it's perfectly natural to work for a living.
Now, what you want to do is real work.
There's nothing wrong with that, but what you have to do, that is slavery.
And no matter what they're paying, you're working too cheap.
We're not communists or anything, dear friends.
Bob Dobbs doesn't want everyone to be equally poor.
He wants everyone to be equally rich, but without working.
Good.
Now, in the Middle Ages,
in the Middle Ages,
they called it,
the obscene kiss.
Kissing Satan's bum was the way a warlock or a witch was initiated.
Now, today we have corporate-style butt kissing.
Bestowing that submissive kiss upon the posterior of the chief executive devil.
The work ethic is satanic.
That's the only thing that's satanic in this whole crowd, I'll bet you.
It will be our doom.
Mark Bob's words.
Our little aquarium Earth is turning into a toxic toilet soul farm,
controlled by aliens and their stooges.
And day after day slips by.
Time that you could have invested in saving the universe with Bob,
but instead you sold it cheap to the conspiracy, like a sucker.
Stand still as we insert the probe.
You will not remember this.
Years out of your life, dear friend.
You will have no memory of this encounter.
They'll take years out.
And you'll have nothing to show for it but a lot of paid household bills.
You'll never get any of those years back.
You'll just get older and older and develop more chronic aches and pains and regrets.
And when you die, the conspirators will just say,
well, there's plenty more where that one came from.
Friends, it may be too late.
It may be too late to stop being optimistic.
But it is never too late to start being bitterly, bitterly pessimistic.
Now you think about it.
Remember, things could be much, much worse.
That's the consolation, really.
That's what we're in it for.
You could suddenly, one minute from now, be screaming in unimaginable pain, trapped inside the white hole of the universe.
You could be a hot, twisted metal and glass of wherever it is that you happen to be when it happens.
Or you could, funny ain't it, you could be lying on parched ground with bones so brittle from malnutrition
and a brain so ruined by disease that all life for you has become that one little dry vermin-ridden grain of rice at the tip of your tongue.
Or you could be rich.
But afflicted, friends, with something caused by your own lifestyle that bites deeper and deeper into you.
But ever so slowly, so that you never stop thinking about killing yourself.
Gosh, they'd be sorry then.
Or you could be so wrapped up in your job that you haven't noticed that you've gone crazy.
And you've only been hypnotized into thinking that, well, everything's basically okay.
But actually, they're starving.
They're starving.
They've got starvation and misery all around you.
They'll catch up with you sooner or later.
Boing!
Ohh.
But that hasn't happened yet.
So who cares?
Who cares?
As long as the power plant's still run and we can still televise yearly Earth Day rituals
when the liberals congratulate themselves for being liberals
and the conservatives congratulate themselves for fooling the liberals another year,
And the ones in between are ground into dog food.
You'll love this new method Bob's come up with for exterminating nine-tenths of the population at once.
You'll be able to drive a new Porsche every night and crash it the next morning.
Because Bob has come to change all that, to teach you acubating, time control, and memory editing.
To help you learn to pull the wool over your own eyes and relax in the safety of your own delusions.
The violence in my head is real.
Bad, bad nonsense.
But the big brothers got no heart.
When I get my chance I'm gonna kick it up.
Big brothers got no heart.
When I get my chance I'm gonna kick it up.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ah.
But the big brothers got no heart.
When I get my chance I'm gonna kick it up.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Big brothers got no heart.
When I get my chance I'm gonna kick it up.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Ah.


Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Oh, yeah.
Hazel O'Connor has the right idea.
Ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, oh, I'm spinning plates on sticks here.
Let me cue up some nice ambiance for us.
Yes.
I think it should do it nicely.
Go ahead, hit it, babe.
Let's see what we've got here.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that was close.
Ah.
Oh, yeah.
That was real close.
Oh, it always helps to work with a little musical accompaniment.
Mm.
Oh, yeah.
To work.
Oh.
If only this were work.
Oh, I could manage it if this were work.
Yeah, but the work ethic is yet enshrined
in the hoary old pulp fiction Horatio Alger pedophilia operas
about grubby, apple-cheeked, oh-so-Caucasian immigrant street urchins
with just enough gumption and stick-to-itiveness
to better their miserable lots
in the bright, shining, capitalistic new world.
But did you know that in the dozens of crappy, ground-out yarns
with titles like Ragged Dick, my personal favorite,
the best and best album in the world,
that not one of Alger's noble characters
ever won fame and millions?
Not one stout lad ever got more than a doodly-squat nickel
and dime raise and, well, inflation and the depression
soon took care of that.
Oh, yeah, shoe-shining waifs becoming the captains of industry.
Ha!
The conspiracy don't work that way, Bo.
Yeah.
Hey, the conspiracy hacks off your slack, and then plays games with you?
Keep away with it.
They tell you that life is supposed to be a bowl of steaming black buttered goat custard
with a handle on the inside.
Then I say, kick that bucket over on them and run!
Run for your life!
For this is a life and living death matter!
Run! Run!
Turn on the surveillance monitors.
It's worse than I thought.
It's morning at night.
They trickle through the gate.
They go home early.
They come in late.
Reeking of cheap liquor, they stumble through the day.
Never give a thought to honest work for honest pay.
I know it.
It shouldn't vex me.
I shouldn't take it hard.
I should ignore their capering with a kingly disregard.
But look at all those idiots.
Look at all those fools.
An office full of morons.
A factory full of fools.
Is it any wonder that I'm singing, singing blues?
Yours is a heavy burden, sir.
I'm just getting started.
They make personal phone calls and company time.
They...
They Xerox their buttockses.
And guess who pays the dimes?
Their blatant fever, he wounds me.
Their ingratitude is found.
I long to lure them to my home and then release the hounds.
I shouldn't grow unsettled when faced with such abuse.
I shouldn't let it plague me.
I shouldn't blow a fuse.
But look at all those idiots.
Look at all those fools.
An office full of morons.
A factory full of fools.
Is it any wonder that I'm singing, singing blues?
What happened?
Where are the instruments?
I believe they call this breakdown, sir.
I can't have any breakdowns here.
What if there was an inspector around?
Play a guitar solo.
I'm a little out of practice, sir.
I said do it.
So do it, do it, do it!
Yes, sir.
Uh-huh.
Yes, excellent.
Well done.
And it's beginning to grate.
That will be sufficient, Smithers.
I said that's enough!
Oh, sorry, sir.
Thought I had my mojo working.
That man by the cooler drinking water as if it's free.
Oh, that's Homer Simpson, sir.
A drone from Sector 7.
Yes, sir.
Call this Simpson to my office and stay to watch the fun.
If he's six feet when he enters, he'll be two feet when I'm done.
It brings a ray of sunshine to my unhappy life.
To make him kneel before me and slowly twist the knife.
Look at all those ears!
Look at all those boobs.
An office full of morons.
A factory full of fools.
Is it any wonder that I'm singing, singing blues?
Singing the blues?
Take me home, sir, and train.
Hooray!
I'm a cog in a wheel in a lubricated world and I want to marry an office girl.
I've got my tie on.
I set my watch, I set my goals when I get on.
I want to be fat.
I've got my tie on.
It's a string around my finger, it's a noose around my neck.
All those drastic links will prove I'm not a derelict.
I've got my tie on, so I'm insured I'll hold my head up high.
I can't forget why I got out of bed even when the morning paper's red.
I've got my tie on.
I'm riding across the tile floor.
I've got my name on the office door.
I've got my tie on.
It's a string around my finger, it's a noose around my neck.
All those drastic links will prove I'm not an idiot.
I've got my tie on, so I'm insured I'll hold myself alive.
I've got my tie on.
I've got my tie on.
I've got my tie on.
I've got a penthouse with a view.
I know I've got a job to do.
I've got my tie on.
I've picked my side, I've made my choice.
I've got to have a damn old choice.
I've got my tie on.
It's a string around my finger, it's a noose around my neck.
All those drastic links will prove I'm not a derelict.
I've got my tie on, so I'm insured I'll shrink myself up high.
I've got my tie on, so I'm insured I'll shrink myself up high.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, Lincoln's. Thank you.
Oh, thank you for bailing my sorry buns out.
Oh, yeah.
Well, you know I told you about that job I have.
Well, there comes a time when the conspiracy has you in such a tight grip
Well, there comes a time when the conspiracy has you in such a tight grip
bug out like a John Crispalusi effect, and you realize that at that moment,
give me slack or kill me means so much. Oh, the pure crystalline truth, that one statement.
There at the time when you despair of ever getting that cosmic donut of slack within your
desperate reach. Oh, that moment when you rail to the unfeeling skies.
Isn't there anyone in this town who hates me enough to kill me? Oh,
oh, but no, Circe's comes. Oh no, that would be too easy. And you know how the conspiracy
hates a quitter. But the end never comes. Just more episodes.
And this endless progression of crap down the peristaltic tube of life.
And there's nothing you can do but roll the punches and wish you had the nerve to make your
own quietus. Oh, Bob! Bob! Has thou forsaken me, Bob?
I become a puppet on a string. And you can do most anything with me.
Quit your job! Quit your job! Quit your job! Quit your job! Quit your job! Quit your job!
Quit your job! Quit your job! Quit your job! Quit your job!
Quit your job! Quit your job! Quit your job! Quit your job! Quit your job!


Quit your job! Quit your job! Quit your job! Quit your job!
Now, what do we say every morning on our way to work?
Every morning when I get up, I look into the mirror.
And what do I say to that face I see?
You're a winner! You're a winner! You're a winner!
I can't hear you!
Look into that rear-view mirror and say it again!
Okay, you're a winner! You're a winner! You're a winner!
Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
I'm a winner.
Under Bob, so to speak, you can learn to masturbate without going blind!
You can learn, yes, you can learn to perform astral sex with anyone you meet.
Oh, but it's not pornography, ma'am, officer.
It's empowerment.
Empowerment.
That's right.
You can learn to live with your sins, dear friends, because, well, that old Bob, Bob, he looks kind of limp now.
Bob is a sex god.
And, you know, he has come and come again and again and again, as the old joke says, to rationalize your sins.
He is not so well-connected that he's going to die for your sins.
Even if he did, it wouldn't do you any good.
He's not going to forgive your sins because he doesn't think there's anything you need to be forgiven for.
He, Bob, comes again and again to justify, to rationalize your sins and to bring to you, dear friends, what you need far more than forgiveness.
To bring an excuse!
On sale at our dealer's table after the show.
It's a purer, a purer squirt or ooze, my friend, than drugs, the Bible, or even television.
And the sweetest thing about all this, I think, the most understanding part of Bob's teaching is, you know, and I know this is going to mean something to some of you out there, you can be a virgin or an atheist, and Bob will still let you be a subgenius.
Moses parted the Red Sea, Oppenheimer split the atom, but Bob cut the crap.
Take two was better.
Now if man had been meant to feel guilt, as Papa Joe Mama said, he would not have been born with a Bob.
God is everywhere, but J.R. Bob Dobbs has already been everywhere else.
And he does, in fact, bring slack that state in which you need nothing because you have it already.
And he brings slack without guilt because you will pay for it with no strings attached.
This is the first industrial church, friends.
We're here to let God know.
We're here to let the customer decide what it needs in a religion.
Not only that, but it's the first industrial church.
Bob Dobbs has actually paid all his taxes.
And that means all the other religions still owe.
And come 1998, when we take power, they'll be paying up.
That is why they hate us, friends.
Because it exploits women and men and how they love it.
Well, my, my, let's see, what time is it?
Two o'clock.
Well, we've done about one hour of radio.
Should we unslide on take two or?
Right.
Well.
Oh, this is the organized part.
Yes, of course.
This is the part that we secretly planned for years, actually.
We have a place for you, no matter what your background, no matter what your age, no matter how simple your needs,
or how big your dreams.
People have always been our most important product.
People have always been our most important product, dear friends, here at the Church of the Subgenius.
And because of that, I probably should tell you just what people, quote, people, unquote, you've been listening to.
And starting from the top, a good place to start, I guess, would be,
that remember, we're all sitting together listening to this, is by Silica Gel.
Then you heard Dr. Philodrummond and myself griping about our wives and radio shows.
The long work rant by yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang there, was, well, I was preaching from the new subgenius book due out in November, Revelation X.
At the Starwood Devival, at, well, it's a big pagan camp out they have up in New York, sponsored by Ace.
And being helped out there by the good Reverend Vlipo Abernathy.
And then, luckily for me, Susie the Floozy, our good friend, who has a subgenius show on Noble WREK in Atlanta,


happened to do an anti-work show herself.
And on that, she played, and we used the song Big Brother by Hazel O'Connor.
The Simpsons sing the blues song called Look at Those Idiots.
Susie's little brother, whose band the Pink Lincolns, did that song I've Got My Tie On.
And the good Reverend Susie the Floozy herself, of course, delivered that beautiful despair rant.
Followed by a little bit more about astral sex from the Starwood Devival.
And, oh, and Susie had her own little media barrage, a tape collage edit in there, which she calls her Slack Suite.
Now, we will be sweet and go to side two of show.
I believe that what...
We'll go back to playing some more of Dr. Howl from his KPFA Berkeley show with Puzzling Evidence.
And if we have time, we'll get to the legendary new recording I just got in of the Swingin' Love Corpses doing their Led Zeppelin medley.
Yes, it's true.
At the DragonCon Science Fiction Convention Subgenius Devival.
In Atlanta.
Thank you.
This figured our planet into some of the familiar configurations we see today.
A piece of galactic debris in the shape of an enormous six-legged lizard once landed on the Earth and quickly crawled across its surface like a centipede landing on a peach.
But it created enormous destruction and the extinction of many species.
Created tidal waves and giant sweeping waves.
And walls of earth and rock which buried entire countries and submerged continents.
Finally, it popped off into space again.
But it might return at any time and destroy the world-questing man who does not realize by how thin a thread he hangs before that velvet hall of eternal blackness they call glory.
Bingo.
Come in.
Yes, bingo.
A game of cosmic bingo that we all are forced willy-nilly, inadvertently to play.
And one never knows when one's number will pop up.
So, beware, you never know when the master cometh, as it says in the old moldy book.
Bingo, bingo.
Well, you've been very patient listening to the...
Oh!
Listening to the...
Oh, I better get that one.
That seems like a high priority.
Below 20 degrees, limbs will...
That's the present tone.
Below zero, lungs will burn.
We're having a little bit of decompression here in the radio cubicle.
It might be a breach in our hall or it might be that...
The breathing tube is stuck.
It just might be puzzling evidence messing with our heads again, you know.
It could be perfectly all right.
You never know until it would be too late in this game.
Someone's turned off the air and the breathing tube.
You know, as we broadcast and as I attempt, as always, to swim upstream against the sluggish tide of flood,
the, uh, the compilers are working on the book of the subgenius volume two, Bob Apocryphon, Revelation X,
and Ivan Stang and Lies are stirring up some trouble in their giant cauldron.
Oh, there we go.
I'm going to jump in.
You're going to jump in?



Yeah.


Oh, well, I'm being drowned out by a piece of propaganda here, a beam from our central office.
What the hell is going on?
Is this the end game?
Perhaps some of you might wonder why I delve so frequently into eschatology, into the study of the beginnings of all things.
Yeah.
What about that?
Well, I...
Are you dissatisfied?
Am I to think of the early time?
One crown.
Centilla.
Spanish for dollar.
Uh, I would be happy to.
It holds the power of the universe.
Perhaps you'd be interested in taking my award-winning source in financial accountability and real estate.
I feel...
Oh, you're going to slow me.
I think you're too late at my service.
I'm going to have to have a new name.
What are you doing?
Uh-oh.
Alien?
As many as seven out of ten zillionaires in the United States made most of their lives





in their money in real estate.
In successful investing in money management, you'll discover the smartest ways to use real
estate in today's market to build your wealth.
Continued operation may damage the system.
You'll learn how you can reap annualized returns of 50% a year or more on raw land investments
and a small fortune by investigating loans secured by mortgages or trust deeds.
Why do you think they call it land anyway?
I don't know.
















I think it's not exactly right.
You know?
Because that's where you land on.
And if you follow my course in real estate, you'll land on your feet.
And you'll land on your feet and run with the ball.
You'll run with the ball as you find the right mortgage for you and 23 sources of financing.
You'll be given checklist for evaluating any property that interests you.
Now, if you want to generate some rental income, you'll discover in my course on page 56, how
to select the best type of income properties and how to score them.

for undesirable tenants and weirdos.
Keep them out of your houses.
Not cause trouble, not damage the property.
Take good care of your investment.
No children, no pets.
That's right.
Even when he is a bastard, they know.
But perhaps you wouldn't be interested in retaining this rental property.
In that case, you might want to sell.
And on page 74 of my award-winning book,
you'll know eight smart ways to get more potential buyers to make an offer on your house,
even in a downwardly spiraling, doomed real estate market.
Wait, wait, wait. What award did it win?
Well, it won the subgenius award for excellence in Hollywood.
Okay. All right.
All right.
But the most important investment principle you'll ever learn from me is
the one I've already shared with you,
that the egg came before the chicken.
And that God formed the embryos of all creatures
out of an embryo which looked a little bit like you.
Like you.
An embryo.
I'm a friend.
Do dream the impossible dream.
To fight the unfightable fight.
To eat the uneatable dinner.
And ride in the unwritable light.
To drink the unbrinkable drink.
To eat the inedible food.
To wear the unwearable clothing.
When you're driving, be decently nude.
Oh, this is my 12.
I'm trying for another award.
This is a steal.
Here!
Oh, great.
You gotta kiss a lot of ass, I bet.
Well, after a while you don't make it.
You think I don't have to kiss ass?
$4 an hour?
The foreman, the shop steward.
You know, I'm not gonna kiss you.
You know, I'm a person, man.
You say, I am never going back again.
I'm tired.
I'm never gonna look in a patient's mouth again.
I'm never gonna have someone tell me I'm not doing a good job again.
My boss is never gonna insult me again.
My wife will never have to run in that file room with that turkey chasing her around again.
What's the job?
Swat job!
Yeah!
Yes Bob!
Yes Bob!
I'm going to quit my job, I'm going to quit my job!
Oh, I'm going to quit my job, yes.
Oh God it feels so good.
Oh, I haven't slept in years.
I don't think for weeks.
Oh yes.
Yes, I'm going to quit this job.
Oh bless you Bob.
Oh my teeth are vibrating.
Oh, how I love you Bob.
















Oh, yes.
Oh, yes, that was me on my way to quit my job the other day.
Oh, and I happened to pop a tape in the tape deck.
And guess what it was?
Oh, it was our beloved reverend telling me, yes, I was doing the right thing.
It's so nice to get justification in your slackness from your religious leaders.
Oh.
Yeah, I'm going to a far, far better place.
A place where there's always room for slack.
Where nothing's going to be a problem.

No one uses words like initiative or incentive.
Incentive?
How's the threat of a high colonic delivered by the stark fist of removal for incentive, buddy?
Yeah, my incentive plan can beat the living crap out of your incentive plan.
Oh, yeah, I'm not on the outside looking in.
I'm facing the other direction now because I'm mooning them.
I'm serving warning to the pinks.
The bitch is definitely...
Oh, so back.
And I'm tired of carrot and stick thinking, I want something for nothing for a change.
I want a good deal.
Oh, and Bob is the man who can get it for me.
Oh, yes.
Mmm.
Mmm.
Oh, it feels so nice.
To be in the ranks.
To be unemployed.
Oh, I'd started to lose the disrespect of my friends.
Oh, but yeah, it's time for a good deal for the flus.
And hey, it's time for a good deal for our listeners.
Now, don't jump the gun now, you premature dialing finger types.
Yeah, you'll have to answer a question.
We've got a free ticket here.
A set of tickets.
One lucky caller will receive two three-day memberships to this upcoming Dragon Con,
June 15th through 17th at the Atlanta Hilton and Towers,
where they'll get to see up close and, oh, so personal,
the luminaries of the dark subgenius sky wallowing, venting, spewing...
Yeah, that's us.
Oh, the hickonings.
That's right.
The sickenings.
The hickonings.

However, as you may have guessed, that particular...
It flags itself.
...broadcast there by Reverend Susie the Flusey was quite a while back, but she is talking
about the Dragon Con subgenius, the Vival, which was indeed a superb...
I don't know quite what to call it, but I'm going to go to a recording from the musical
performance at that convention by the Swinging Love Corpses.
Yes.
Yes.

Yes.

Yes.

















Yes.
That great old timey band that Dr. Philo Drummond and his brother, Sphinx, and his cousin, Ray,
started up after he left Dallas, after he helped Bob get the Subgenius Foundation started
and hired me.
So let's go now to that live tape of this...
This is rather a different listen to...
of that band, the Swingin' Love Corpses,
and they're doing their infamous Led Zeppelin medley.
Yes, it really is a Led Zeppelin medley,
but possibly not quite what you're used to.
So let's just check it out here, shall we?
What do you really want to hear?
Huh?
Dream Weaver?
How about some Jimi Hendrix?
You're just a weirdo.
I'm sorry.
I'm a little hot with that.
To the heart.
We dive our ship to the land.
Find the heart.
See it crash.
I am coming.
I'm the Western God.
I love you.
We're with the Western Shore.
Okay, thank you.
Now what do you want to hear?
What do you want to hear?
How about some more Led Zeppelin?
Okay.
Okay.
I got the beat on.
You ain't foolin'.
Baby, I'm not foolin'.
I'm gonna send you.
I'm not foolin'.
Why are we down inside?
How do you dare?
Bill.
Hold on.
No.
You're gonna be a little more.
I'm gonna do every inch of my life.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Jimi Hendrix.
Oh, bring it on.
Watch the head.
Watch the head.
Get these goons out of here!
What the hell?
Security in this place sucks.
The show's over.
Okay.
Get these goons out of here.
How much money are you talking about?
How can we play your favorite Led Zeppelin tunes
with goons on stage?
Okay, this is our Led Zeppelin medley for the evening.
And I don't know the words to these songs.
Really.
Just the other day, baby.
What do you think I saw?
Okay, thank you, thank you.
Hey, the hits just keep on coming.
Oh!
Everything's going to be all right.
Everything's going to be all right.
My God.
The reptiles are back.
And they're beautiful.
Yeah.
Don't you think of it?
They're just lovely.
There's the Baronyx Walkery,
one of the most unusual dinosaurs ever discovered.
With its gigantic primary digit,
it flips a finny meal up into its crocodile-like jaws.
Oh.
Okay.
Let me show you how it does.

It's got really two eyes.
They're there.
And there at the begging.
Yeah, oh, yeah.

There it is.
Wait!
It's here!



Oh, I thought he was cute, but...
He's got me!
Go with the flow.
And there he goes, pulling the collar off as he walks sideways.
Just go with him. I'm sure you'll find out what it's all about.
Oh dear, I cut off his wind, it looks like.
You must admit, this is a very impressive crab.
And if you've got to go some way, you might as well go in an unusual way.
Kind of reminds me of that old movie, Attack of the Crab Monsters, you know?
Damn you, crab!
Some people have lots of them, but this just shows what one big one can do.
Gosh, the caller is battling for his very life with this giant crab.
Who said...
Because this is a boring program.
How can you do this, you crab?
No!
Yes, it's Jack Crab, the world's oldest living kettle of fish.
I mean, cuttlefish. I mean, you know, shellfish.
Don't be selfish.
Pick that! Pick that!
Pick that! Pick that!
Oh, you're making him mad now.
Oh, God.
Ah, there, a little calypso crab.
Look at him go around and around. He's happy.
And so should you be, having escaped that big one.
Yeah, I know. That was a rough one.
See how exciting your life can be?
Now, I'll tell you why you really can become a millionaire.
Not with a get-rich-quick scheme, but with a simple, sensible, realistic plan...
What's that?
...for achieving financial independence before X-Day.
Just, uh, get rid of the crabs.
Yes, get rid of the crabs in your life that are pinching your chances for financial forwardness.
That's right.
The hard shells of those shellfish can easily be cracked,
and you can savor the delicious meat in the joint.
As you advance to new levels of financial firmness.
Are you millionaire material?
Well, what does the music really mean?
Perhaps you'll be interested in taking my simple...
...quiz and finding out.
Then, during the next 12 months, your net worth will increase from $75,000 to $80,000.
I don't have a net worth.
Well, you need a net to catch those megalo crabs by the ocean's side.
You will learn at your own pace, as you live in our tropical retreat, Dining on Crab and Lobster.
Successful investing and money management will help you,
because you are a busy adult who already has a job and can devote only a small amount of time each week to mastering the principles of successful investing.
Aren't crabs just big insects anyway?
Big what?
Insects.
Well, not exactly. No, they are sort of aquatic arthropods.
They're more like spiders than insects, but in any case they are an aquatic order.
But if it's interest in insect eating that you have, then you're going to have to do it.


I refer you to page 500 of my award-winning book, Insect Dinners as a Shortcut to Success.
How the Big Boss Can Be Softened by a Meal of Locusts and Honey, so you can make that big killing in the stock market.
Yeah.
Just imagine an easy way to increase the value of your estate by $100,000 or more in a single day,
with almost no significant change in your current cash flow.
You can do it in a short time.
But you're wondering how you can do it.
Well, joining my real estate carnival, you'll be able to do it as you swing around and around and go up to the sky in the Ferris wheel.
I think I'm going to throw up, too.
Don't eat too much cotton candy in the investment booth.
Oh, dear, a tragedy occurred.
You know, this machinery is 100% safe, but there are some individuals who will not keep their hands on it.
They'll have to put their hands and legs inside the cars.
And so I'm afraid we'll remove that loser.
You know, some people have to go to the wall so that others can reap the value of a course of financial investment.
Now, at the very least, you must be open to the possibility of becoming a godzillionaire.
Never set a limit on what you can achieve.
You'll see why it can be so exciting to put a zillion-dollar goal in your life.
You'll see why it's a reliable day-by-day plan, not a fly-by-night, get-rich-quick scheme for Dobbs-approved reality.
Now, you'll discover such a plan, which I call Dr. Howell's Successful Investing in Money Management.
It's already taught thousands of eager beaver yuppies how to achieve financial goals.
You'll hear many of their stories.
Perhaps, like you, they began with skepticism,
but are now well on their way to complete financial happiness and orgasmic pleasure.
They are happy.
So have one of these bourbon and bong waters, or you can have a hot buttered rum martini like I am.
And pretty soon we're going to go up on the balcony and toast Benito Mussolini in a warm glass of grog,
while all the rest of the little serfs and peons labor down there.
And the CEO doesn't have to push buttons and staple staples like the Ahoy, uh, Palloy, uh, you know, uh...
Oh, yeah, we're looking for people who are interested in sharing what's left of their thought patterns with the mass mutations.
This upcoming DragonCon, so give us a call a little later.
The Reverend Microphone and I sure would like to hear from you.
We'll be doing the usual deep-lobed scanning procedures to weed out the virus.
We're not spies, so pink boys need not apply.
Just call us at 894-244-6888 tonight until 2 a.m.
Or send a cassette of your spewin' and vintin' to Bob's Slacktime Funhouse.
Hey, you know enough to have your pencil ready, don't you?
That's Bob's Slacktime Funhouse.
W-R-E-K, Atlanta.
1-6-5, 8th Street, Northwest.
Atlanta, Georgia.
3-0-3-3-2.
0-6-3-3-2.

3-0.
Oh, yeah, because we'd like to hear your particular specialty.
And I'm sure you'd like to wag your weirdness.
Take it from me, it's so therapeutic.
Oh, it's like a cerebral brain douche.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 www.subgenius.com
That's Bob, P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 www.subgenius.com
That's Bob, P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 www.subgenius.com
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
So here at Oktoberfest, we treat our tired executives to a little treat of sauerbraten, lederhosen, and a big stein of liebfrau milk.
And of course, we have a little treat.
Helga, get over there and unsnap for these gents.
What?
Perhaps this would be a time to retire from the field, as it were, and stoke up on the fires of money management and real estate planning.
You want me dead?
I want you alive and making money hand over fist over foot.
Hand over fist.
Hand over that fist and I'll show you how you can use it to make thousands and thousands of dollars while you sit on the toilet at home.
Right, okay, hold on, let me get that thing faster.
It's all a part of what I call the possible dream, Dr. Howell's amazing course in sex and real estate.
Okay, I'm on the toilet.
My dear fellow, you're taking me on a trip.

You're a little bit too literally.
I don't need to see this.
Cover up, for God's sake.
That's a repulsive sight.
Now, don't do that.
You're making me nervous.
And above all, don't place a limitation on your own future.
You know, my real estate course is merely a course to some people, an article.
It's just another item of information to be tossed away.
These short-sighted bobbies simply cannot see the great opportunity that lies before them.
In such a unique program as our show.
You see, you should always bend over and with a cheerful grunt to pick up any dime that you find before you.
And with a pocket full of these, you'll soon have a dollar and, well, this dollar can be the first step in a series of stepping stones to high stepping success.
Who wants to say?
Soon you'll be goose stepping over the bodies of the poor and decrepit as you walk.
You'll march your way...
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's, uh...
I was a little bit too exuberant there.
These folks are going to have to go to the wall, but then that is necessary for you to achieve...
...insist on seeing.
What about it?
Let them see.
We'll go on one better day.
True wealth and power, such as I, Dr. Howell Weald, in my giant mansion with my fleet of expensive automobiles and terrified, cowering servants.
And you can be like me and splash in my giant warm water pool.
I'll fill you with a bevy of idiots.
What?
It's all possible.
Just grasp the brass ring.
And if you do the lines, ladies and gentlemen, you should believe me.
And with my robotized investment counselors, I need not lift a pencil to scratch my John Hancock on a single document to get Rich's creases by 12 p.m. daily.
Well, that's sensational. It's just no good.
I'm the most sophisticated robot on planet Earth.
Yes, this giant robot will answer all your questions.
And once you've become a member of my real estate seminar, this robot will teach you how even a nonhuman can achieve financial parity in today's collapsing money market.
Oh, that's a terrible example of the collapse right there, ladies and gentlemen.
If you had been standing underneath that portion of Wall Street's finest, you would have been...

I don't know what you're doing.
Oh, terrible.
Well, when you get up there on those people, all you have to do is just say the whole thing to frame up.
How would you like to know how to borrow money at only 6% or 7% and invest it at higher rates?
I don't give you $5,000 just to get up on the...
$5,000 is a great way to start.
It's a painless way to knock down the interest rate you're paying on your bills.
We'll show you where you can find, with your five grand, medical insurance for some of your family.
And you can invest so that the income from your investment...
one day surpasses the income from your job.
Oh, I better get that.
Meanwhile, you have some of these canapes and a hot butter drum...
This Hour of Slack number 1,238 was a rerun of Hour of Slack number 462 from the year of 1994.
Thank you.
Thank you.
All right.






