Followers of obsolete, unthinkable trades.
Let's put it this way, I'm gonna work from some book notes.
Addicts of drugs not yet synthesized.
Black marketeers of World War III.
Excisors of telepathic sensitivity.
Osteopaths of the spirit.

Nothing like this.
The subgenius hour of SWAT.
Investigators of infractions denounced by bland, paranoid chess players.
Servers of fragmentary warrants taken down in hebephrenic shorthand.
It may sound a little, you can fill in the blanks.
Absolutely.
But you see, once the herd approaches a certain saturation, it's harvest time, friends.
And yet even as that day approaches, the pigs, the normals, the humans, you know what I'm
talking about.
The mediocratons, the Barbies and Kins, of all flavors, shapes, and sizes, and there's
some in this audience here today.
Uh-huh.
You think I'm talking about the next guy, don't you?
Yep.
They're...
Even as the herd is getting too big, the pigs yet keep throwing fuel on the fire.
They make it illegal not to have kids.
And they're falling straight into our trap, friends.
That's what they're doing.
Because they were placed on this planet to swarm and murder.

And they're going to multiply like microbes in a drop of water so that eventually they
could be harvested by the elder gods from Planet X and the sex goddesses who will come
down.
And they thrive.
They get off, friends, on human anguish extracted from the soul by a special process that only
Bob Dobbs understands.
And thereby the human race will complete its mission of nutrition.
Now, if you could but see a galaxy being born like the sperm of a human being, you would
be ashamed of your own puny little existence.
You'd see yourself as an abortion, a deformed hunk of snot that was hatefully spat out by
a stellar nebula.
Raise the form of snot!
But if you were sane enough or paranoid schizophrenic enough by society's standards to accept the
beauty and purity of this, you might gain the keys.
I'm not saying that I'm not.
















Beloved, I'd give it back to this city, mosquito paramecia or dissolved insect Small
Mane Planor effectivement
I, T'Lone before I Todern above all, I'm a
S transitionist, you can't judge me and it's a lie.

i work with mobiles

also fathered the supreme order of impurity the number of proof why they had certainly
now please please bye bye and uh the bucket of pills once i heard a universal harm like
morning
how's this i can zoom now
by tearing down the fence by clearing away the obstacle
so that now we could draw near to god and god could once again look upon us with grace
oh no you could call it the kinder gentler lobotomy our automated background bed of
non-intrusive sound fields will not be tolerated paranoid psychosis stems from an abnormal normality
near the subgenius stimulate his memory at least get the numbers ball on the 25. place to go when
you're in santa rosa go to cafe this cafe this you'll never know if it's open or not
you have written many times in reality from the brain and yet you give yourself the power to alter
another human being's reality had a bad childhood we can fix it i'm not your everyday scope your
memory shorten your perception or something why not and now to go to beat the clock okay in this
the object is to get to your your own personal conspiracy theory out in under 10 seconds all right
okay ready set go july 4th is independence day for the normals july 5th is independence day for
the abnormals the mutants it's the real independence day the first day dear friends of the beginning
of the world less than five years off now just a few years from now dear friends the end times will
culminate in ragnarok the eschaton the the judgment day the end of the world at the end of all we hold
the ultimate last call friends the landing of the exes the men from planet x and oh you know the
pinks love those fourth of july explosions on the fifth of july they'll be going well now i think
these explosions sound like they're much stronger to believe in one's dreams is a manifestation of
insanity and the sooner you accept this the sooner you'll get well but i think the archangel appeared
and whispered into my ear wait a minute what's all that small print there at the bottom oh if you have
dial information thank you for calling don't know
you are so abstract this is pure hysteria don't look at me like that maybe it's a
radio signal i read about a guy used to pick up broadcasts and fill in his tooth oh that feels good
alien species escaping
here
your thoughts are transmitted
can i tell you the sense of your
helmet into a computer the rest is automatic
i'm willing to join
well you've been burdened enough
i'm i'm
learn the coordinates
i'm different
then you may rest
i must be
you're different but how do you know when you can trust someone
Now we'll retrieve the signal
Scratched out as it passes
Cosmic distances
In interstellar space
Oh that blowhard
Why doesn't he sit down and shut up
Oh is this an open channel
Well just joking as you know
We maintain high standards
Of radio standards
Oh you say you wanted to buy
Toothpicks
Well toothpicks
Let me see
You go down
You get on the expressway
Going east
Right there
And you want to get off the third exit
Sporting goods
Swing around and head north
Towards hardware
But you want to get off
Before the expressway

Before hardware
You'll pass
Young mothers
And toys and tots
And then I think the next big whip around
Is the elevator
You park on the ferry there
And it'll take you down nine levels
You get off at 19
And head for the home furnishings
Boulevard east
And now you stay on
You stay in the five right hand lanes
For that and turn left
On to home furnishings
And it's all about
A mile
Three or four lights
You'll see this building
With a giant frog mural on it
On the left
That's dining goods
Now the place you're looking for
Is right after that
You go down behind the spoons building
And it'll be this one story warehouse
Looking thing with a big statue
On top of a bulldog
Toothpicks
They ought to have what you're looking for
But what
You don't want toothpicks
You say
You wanted more Wellman barrages
More edits like that puzzling evidence barrage
I was just playing there
Why
Well I did re-edit that some
But friends if you want to hear more of that
You're just going to have to pledge to the station here
The pressure to buy to give to pledge was relentless
And although we've got hundreds and thousands at our service here today

We're not so faithful
And God bless you
God bless you for your faithfulness
Still there are hundreds and hundreds maybe thousands
Who are not faithful
Who made the pledge and for some reason or another haven't sent it in
And if we count on that
And it doesn't come in everything
Everything suffers
We are even having a hard time meeting the payroll right now
And the people that we have working for PTL have families too
They have bills too
Jim Baker's running costs exceeded two million dollars a week
That's nothing compared to ours friends
This baby that I'm holding in my hands
Is one of the first babies that has been saved
8237490
Now listen to this dear friends
8237490
And here's some of our other friends
They call it the buckle on the bible belt
It has the largest quota of millionaires
The worst crime rate
And one of the severest poverty rates in any American city
Yet Dallas could also be described as the most Christian place on this earth
8237490
Hi, this is Pat Paulson
I just want to say that I endorse Bob as my running mate in this year's election
And this is the hour of slack on the show today
And I want to say that I'm a big fan of the station K-N-O-N in Dallas Texas
You know I know where that is
Hello Bob this is Father Guido Sarducci
Formerly Pope Maurice of the People's Catholic Church
And all of my fellow popes from the People's Catholic Church
Salute to the church of the Sabbath Genius
Carry on
Oh well thanks Father Guido Sarducci
But we ain't going to be able to carry on no where
Unless we get some help friends
Okay okay
It's a good time to get some help friends
It has now become serious
I will have you paying Tiffany cufflinks
I'll demand that you pay up the money
The money that you have been withholding from Bob
You have to give unto Bob that which is Bob
Bob or Bob
Money is Bob
Sex is Bob
Slack is Bob
And you my friend what you've got in your pocket
And behind your pocket
Right next to your pocket up in front
That is Bob too
I want to see some calls coming in
I was lying earlier
I'll admit it
I'll admit it I was lying
These four mighty reverends are sitting here waiting to take calls and nothing is happening
Dallas is the buckle of the Bible belt
We're sitting here risking our very lives trying to unbuckle it
So that their pants may fall down around their ankles
And they may look upon their own private desires
That they would deny otherwise
And this is the only voice of a person who is willing to take a call


Here is my word


More aparece
Rick
You also view myself as an ungrateful person
That spit on the mócam
I acknowledge it
Or even it is not
Just being silently
Apost physiognomy
And perhaps disor citrus
your $20, you get that program schedule. For $20, you get the schedule and the bumper sticker. For
$25, the schedule, bumper sticker, and K-N-O-N button. For $30, the t-shirt, bumper sticker,
button, and schedule. But you will have to come to the station to pick up the t-shirt,
and we have to know what size t-shirt you're going to get. And $40, you get all that mail to you,
and so we got to get it called 823-7490. The blind and rebellious people did not believe
that God would bring judgment upon the earth until it was too late. Only righteous
Noab and his family were saved. Is it possible that today we're living in time similar to Noab's
time that Bob spoke of? It could be, friend.
Could be. The end times are definitely approaching.
Are you doing it? Are you doing it? That's what I want to know. I mean, when you think,
are you really, really doing it? Well, we could talk about doing it, yes. I think I will.
I'm going to...
Start reading, friends, from... Well, it's an article in my very favorite,
favoritest magazine just about in the whole world, I think. A magazine called Answer Me,
produced by the mighty Goads. And I'm going to give the address you can write to,
the new address of Goad to Hell Enterprises in Hollywood, of Answer Me magazine, after,
convincing you of how wonderfully it's written by... Well, this is just so... This is a pledge drive.
Show is a good time to read this article, or parts of it, actually. It's thousands of pages long here.
Killing Me Softly, roughly in just about every way imaginable. 100 Spectacular Suicides.
By the way, my background music, probably for the rest of the show, is going to be by, uh, Brain Rot.
A radio theater up in Cleveland. Or Ashtabula, actually. Um, so if you hear something clunking away in the background, it's them.
Hopeless. Hopeless. You see the big sun, the green grass, the happy, happy kids riding bikes and sucking on popsicles, and you feel shut off from it.
An invisible dustbubble.
A particle floating in the shade.
So you walk away from the crowd.
And keep walking.
Let's talk about suicide. The unforgivable sin.
The topic induces a static discomfort.
The thoughts of unutterable sacrilege.
Taking one's own life flies against every supposed survival instinct, yet it happens everywhere in numbers greater than murder.
Killing Me Softly. By the way, my background music, probably in just about every way imaginable. 100 Spectacular Suicides. By the way, my background music, probably in just about every way imaginable.
The
of byproduct of food chain economics, but killing yourself allows for no such easy rationales.
Murder is pretty much a cottage entertainment industry, but people recoil at suicide. They
pussyfoot around it trying not to rouse it from slumber. While studying murder can bring
the emotional release that comes with seeing a good explosion, mulling over suicide is
more like watching the walls slowly crumble on a condemned building.
That's because people like looking at a car crash as long as it's not their own. They
won't flinch at hours of atrocity footage but can't handle a nick on their own finger.
Humans are numbly aware that they're only a trauma or two away from yanking their own
plug. If you're the depressive type, suicide is never far away, always tapping on your
shoulder and trying to get away.

Even breathing softly down your neck. Personally, we're pro-choice on the matter, but we feel
it's better to fight death with your last scrap of strength to take your pain out on
someone else. They deserve it more. When we kill, it ain't gonna be ourselves.
But here we are, serving up a cornucopia of self-extinction. We hope all of our enemies
find it useful.
You know, it's a little bit of a shock to me to see that a lot of people have gotten




It's one of life's cruel paradoxes that truly worthless people never appreciate their worthlessness
and thus aren't prone to commit suicide.
That's why we have room in our otherwise impregnable hearts for the individuals on this list. They
all display an emotive capacity which makes them superior to the clueless pinks who drive
around in their tiny cars and never consider killing themselves.
The dumb jerk-off!
The dumb jerk-offs who swagger with beer-bellied self-assurance are the ones who should be
thinking about it, and seriously. In contrast, those who contemplate, attempt, or complete
suicide feel that life sucks a big fat purple.
And they're right. But if there were more people like them, this world wouldn't be
half as bad. Ironically, it's the non-suicidal who make life unbearable.
Well, let's start with number one here. Anonymous, actually, no name, Polish broad,
the human toolbox. Her consonant-clotted name is unknown, but this daughter of Polska's
self-mutilating doggedness warrants her inclusion on our honor roll.
Though available details are flimsy, this story involves a case of gustatory self-abasement
even odder than the gallons of sperm rumored to have been guzzled by rats.

The story of a woman named Rod Stewart, a few years back. What is known is that this
19th century maiden got the raw end of a failed romance. When her lover abandoned her, cavalierly
burying his kielbasa in another bed of sauerkraut, she began to eat compulsively. Whereas many
spurned girls turned to chocolate-drowned cheesecake or fistfuls of bonbons, she did
not.
Neither did she find comfort in potato pie, potato pudding, or lonely bowls of potato
soup. Instead, she put herself on an iron-rich diet. Over five months, she ate 101 pins,
three knives, seven window bolts, four spoons, a brass crucifix, 20 nails, and 19 coins.
She also scarfed down three glass fragments, a rock, and two rosary beads.
She also had a

The story of a woman named Rod Stewart is a mystery. It is uncertain which trinket dealt
the death blow, but one imagines the casket jingling as it was lowered into the cold, Polish
soil.
Here's suicide number four. Hope you're enjoying this, friends. I certainly am.
This is just some of the funniest reading I have gotten. I swear, it really is.
I don't know if I can finish this one. This is just a bunch of nonsense. I don't know
what to do with it.

I'm going to have to go to the bathroom. I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
In the end, I'll just go back to my bedroom.
Yes, number four. Linda Marie Ault. Dogged by her parents. It was the free-loving year
of 1968, and Linda Ault felt she was old enough to spend a Friday away from home. It got lonely
out in the Arizona desert, and at 21, she couldn't be faulted if she sought solace in
a man's arms. Besides, he wasn't just some bum. He was an air force lieutenant.
Nature, though, had dealt the red-headed accounting major.
a set of Gila monsters for parents. They evidently felt that she was scattering her eggs about
like cactus pollen. They didn't appreciate the fact that the young officer spent the
night landing on their daughter's airstrip and that Linda, instead of resisting, seemed
more than willing to lube the flyboy's fuselage. The worst part of all was that she didn't
seem to be a damn bit sorry. They decided they were going to learn her a lesson, but
after whipping Linda with a mesquite branch, Mrs. Alt felt that the girl didn't exhibit
sufficient remorse. On Saturday afternoon, they withdrew her from college. Linda remained
unpenitent. I told Linda, Mrs. Alt would later say, that after she'd put so many people through,
after what she'd put so many people through and wasn't sorry, maybe she'd suffer over
an animal. She loved animals.
On Sunday morning, the Alts,
In the middle of the night,
intending to wake Linda up, commandeered their daughter and her pet dog, Beauty, into the
desert scrub. The Alts forced Linda to shovel a small grave for Beauty.
The best way is through the head, Mrs. Alt told Linda, handing her a loaded pistol and
holding Beauty out in front of her. Linda hesitated. Did they really expect her to kill
it? This was a dog whose poop she had cleaned, whose...
Ahem, she may have stroked in softer moments, a varmint who obviously gave her more emotional
satisfaction than her crustacean-hearted parents. So, instead of drilling lead into the cowering
canine, she tore open her own head with one shot, departing this veil of tears and leaving
Beauty at her parents' questionable mercy.
One more. One more.
For now.
Number 6. Thomas Barker. Limey on a stick.
No one knew who the haggard-looking man was. As a small group sat before a fireplace in
Leeds, England hotel lobby two days before Christmas 1856, it didn't seem to matter.
He was welcome to share in the season's joy. Appearing troubled, he had wandered in from
the cold night, requested a pipe, and sat peevishly before the fire.
It didn't have to happen. He could have thrown another log on the fire, sipped some tea, and
quietly passed wind. He could have warmed his toes, cracked his knuckles, and inquired
about rugby scores. He could have read a Christmas carol while chewing on a buttered scone. If
he had felt the Yuletide spirit, he could have roasted marshmallows and handed them
out to indigent children. But the dancing flames seemed only to remind him of some kind

of personal hell. He just sat there looking angry.
Ten minutes passed. He approached the fire and placed a poker in the embers. He waited
until it glowed red-hot. He then removed it and tapped it on the floor, knocking off all
surplus dirt and ash. Then, in the manner of a sword-swallower, he shoved the simmering
ingot down his throat.
Within an instant, the pink mucoid tissues were completely gone.
The blood-spirting charcoal burger was all over the place.
Hotel patrons wrested the poker away from Barker, who was probably unable to bark at
this point, and spirited him away to a doctor's care. Over the course of the next five days,
someone asked him why he had attempted to become a human shish kebab. Barker said he
had no idea.
Then, as should happen only with everyone who can't explain their own actions, a man
came to him and said,
He died.
Yeah, right. Here's some recordings from Starwood just recently. It's a real hippy-dippy thing.
Yeah, folks, Starwood this year has achieved something, I don't know how many, more than
a thousand people. Last year they hit the thousand mark, and that was the biggest pagan
gathering anybody knew of, at least, of this kind. And this time, what, the last time I
looked, it was a lot of people. It was a lot of people. I mean, I was walking around the
There's like 600 cars registered.
Starwood is a city, man!
Tear down the fences!
It's a free concert!
There have been three babies born,
17 muggings, 47 rapes, three killings.
It's a city, man!
We're dying people!
Mention, we've got to, for the first time,
Starwood, now that it's so big,
is being covered by CNN and CBS,
couple of these cameras here.
Don't worry, they won't take pictures of you.
But just for the media,
we wanted to do a little section for the media.
They wanted a nice snippet, you know,
a sound bite of a typical pagan occultist,
you know, just typical progressive,
just a moment that they could use on the news.
So this is our moment to represent.
And we may not have a lot of culture,
but we got a lot of cult.
We have, in fact.
Okay, well, let's, okay, CBS and CNN, ready?
You must worship Satan
and his cult.
And you must worship his son as gods.
Swear total loyalty to him and his plan.
And publicly take this satanic initiation right
into this new age of mankind.
And you will receive a visible mark
upon your forehead or right hand,
showing all that you are a Luciferian.
And it will be a bright red and orange pentagram,
666 in the name of the Antichrist.
Okay, you got that?
Actually, that book,
that came from a Christian book
that Dr. Leigh Gidham handed me,
this by Harry Walther.
It's called The Answer to Raptures.
And today, my friend,
these red letters are printed in ink,
but tomorrow they shall be printed in blood,
the blood of the saints.
That's what it says in here.
And I, I think, I'm going to have to go to church.
I think that I want to share some of this with you
because it's, they've got some good ideas in here, frankly.
It's, it's about, well, the bloodbath that will follow,
that comes in the end times.
The Antichrist will lead the world in a global
witch hunt for the devil people,
the non-initiates, and by that he means the Christians, okay?
The true Christians.
Now, the horrible possibility is that,
and this scares us,
that the rapture has happened
and they, they didn't qualify.
Some old farmer got raptured and nobody missed him.
And so we're stuck with them, you know?
Anyway, all Christians will be hunted down,
arrested, beaten, and dragged off to prisons.
Imagine hordes of satanically crazed teenagers,
all armed with guns, clubs, baseball bats,
hunting down Christians.
I'm skipping through this.
We've circled the best parts.
Imagine children turning in their parents
and parents dragging their, quote,
tainted children to prisons.
Imagine a group of young teenage girls
attacking non-initiated Christian men
with baseball bats, knocking them senseless.
Oh, I can tell this guy, he really gets into prophecy.
There's a prediction of Koresh in here.
This was written in 1980.
1986.
And yet it says,
and a heavily armed super-trained SWAT team
will be called in.
They will easily drive the Christians out
with tear gas, stun grenades, and M16s.
Well, wasn't that easy, see?
Not the true Branch Davidian Christians.
But what happens when a few Christians
are heavily armed with bulletproof vests,
tear gas masks, automatic weapons,
and high-powered rifles?
No problem.
You just use the Philadelphia Plan
invented by Mayor Wilson Good.
You drop an incendiary bomb by a helicopter
and blow the house apart in flames.
And if the Christians don't run out,
they burn to death.
And if they do run out shooting,
they will be blown away by police snipers.
If they run out aflame, they will either be...
Oh, well.
Okie-dokie.
You didn't win by turning your République
Tell them we threw you over the Partnership line
Comradelightly You made the socialists


Lookin' So terrible
Well!
We put that supereintelligence


Well, it's Dann lemonade

we abandon with you
something otherwise
I'm so sorry

oh and the whole world can join this of course this is once again this is a christian guy talking
and the whole world can join in this cosmic battle between the jedi warriors those of light
that's a satanist versus the dark side of the force christians and star wars will occur upon
the face of the earth star wars on the face now this is the thing is these guys don't go
far enough i mean they got part of it you know uh and this it oh no doubt they will be stripped
naked yeah the christians this is great okay no then the christians will be tossed into their
death chambers no doubt they will be stripped naked and kept in handcuffs so they cannot resist
what is soon to come later on they will be fed nothing or given any fresh water
will have to lay in their own feces and urine
you
and possibly water will be sprayed in with hoses so that they are forced to lap it up as dogs
amidst the urine waste and blood from injuries and mewnstration this is christian propaganda friends
about but like i said they had some good ideas the most the most brutal rapists murderers and
perverts will be assigned to take care of the christians select boys girls and women will be
chosen for the christians and they will be given the right to life and the right to death and the
group is pvcs Aggravated
is definite
women should start
by
by
before
first
bet on
there
at 610
to
stadium cheering madly.
And then you are gone.
Bleeding head good.
Healed head bad.
Bleeding head good.
Healed head bad.
Praise the bleeding head.
Which could not be here tonight
by the way. It wasn't the right time.
Okay, and no doubt
as Christians are led to the slaughter
in these giant sports stadiums
and complexes, the rock
bands will be blurring away
some satanic tunes.
Possibly the old
Rolling Stones classic,
Sympathy for the Devil.
Led Zeppelin's Whole Lotta Love.
Atlantis
by Donovan.
Or possibly
even Pat Benatar's
We Are Invincible.
Maybe they will even
slice or chop the heads off of
Christians in synchronicity
to the beat of the
rock band.
Woo-hoo!
Bump, bump, bump.
So, for three and a half years
blood shall flow through the streets of the world.
Today the blood on this book cover
is only simulated.
If one day in the future it shall be real
human blood, the blood of saints,
and possibly even your own
blood.
And he calls
the rapture
Zap 1 and Zap 2.
There's two raptures.
And he says,
this is the last sentence from this,
and possibly at Zap 2,
for special effects,
God will blast apart
every cemetery and graveyard
on this planet.
Whole cemeteries literally exploding
and the seas may roar and turn over
as the dead in Christ,
quote, sleeping,
in them are caught away as well.
So, friends, it'll be like
Night of the Living Dead,
the rapture will, with these zombies
shuffling through the streets.
Rusting to eat human brains.
Now,
the interesting thing about
this little
crackpot,
two-bit Christian book,
the answer is that
not a word of it is actually untrue.
According to Dobbs' prophecy,
on X-Day, these are only a small
portion, a tiny,
these are like a little party.
It's a damn cocaine party
compared to what's going to happen to these boys.
But it's not just the Christians, nay.
All come to earth.
No, no, no.
People tend to pick on the poor Christians.
There's Mormons
and the Jews
and even some of the subgeniuses
who haven't spent their
$20 on a membership
in this church.
What they said was going to happen to the Christians,
you see, and Bob,
you could say, well, it's not just Christians,
it's anybody who has not become,
who has not fully accepted J.R. Bob Dobbs,
into their life.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise that damn Bob.
Because every day is X-Day
when you have a gun
coined the words of the same prophet,
it is appointed to men once to die,
but then the judgment.
And I want to talk about X-Day this afternoon.
We had expected Pope Meyer
to be preaching here today.
Can't do it.
That's all right.
I've got plenty,
plenty,
A bloodthirsty prophecy to share with you.
Well, I wish I could share it with your friends.
We have...
Well, what is X-Day?
Some of you, some few of you,
some poor, ignorant, pathetic, bastard,
two-bit, never-read-anything idiots
may not know what X-Day means to the subgenius.
X-Day, of course, is that day.
Well, let's put it this way.
I'm going to work from some book notes.
They're just notes, and so if I may sound a little...
You can fill in the blanks.
Yeah, we'll let you fill in the blanks, dear friends,
on that day, that day to come,
when you actually do call the station
and pledge to your favorite...
Whoa!
Your favoritest radio show.
Someday, those who will hear the mystery tape,
those who call in...
Oh!
Will has been...
And Cecilia have been on the phone here.
They've been yakking,
but they ain't been taking down no numbers.
No, sir.
Numbers, it's all that counts
during a pledge drive, folks.
Now, you don't want to...
You don't want to end up like this guy, do you?
Number 17, William Corcoran.
He who hesitates.
Perched atop a hundred-foot flagpole,
one bright day in May 1975,
William Corcoran knew he had made the right decision
in choosing to end his life.
No one seemed to care.
He had his fill of emotional bruises,
mild betrayals,
the whole nottering jangle of human existence.
Life was a bitter lime to suck.
But as he stared down at the unforgiving earth
of Palmyra, New York,
pondering how it would feel to shatter into a thousand pieces
a la Humpty Dumpty,
his life instinct rose like a swarm of bats fleeing a cave.
Maybe the crowd which formed at the pole's base
knew what it felt like to be lonely.
And the fireman who was coming to save him
seemed like a decent enough guy.
Perhaps he could be a buddy,
a shoulder to cry on,
someone with whom to share a round of Michelobes
and a handful of beer nuts.
Yeah, this new feeling which blew through his soul
felt pretty dang good.
He'd make a pact with God,
agreeing to appreciate the twinkle in a child's eye,
the soft curl of a woman's smile,
the beneficent nod of an old man feeding pigeons.
But God would have none of it.
As Corcoran was being rescued,
he accidentally slipped and plummeted earthward.
His indecisive frame smacking into the ground like a giant egg.
Uh, yes, and that's what's going to happen to this radio station
if you don't call in with your pledges, friend.
There have been other incidences of suicidal overreactions.
Uh, unable to decipher a complicated income tax form,
a Frenchman hanged himself in 1947
after saying,
I'd rather die, I'd rather die
than go through another day of this.
Claiming to be depressed over the popularity of modern jazz,
Roy Baker of Venice took the gas route in 1921.
Well, he would have hated this show.
Patrick Lynch, 28,
ended it all in 1985
upon discovering that a termite
had caused $200 worth of damage
in the London flat he had just rented.
And Harvard freshman Barton Fay
flipped the off switch in 1922,
nauseated with the rampant use of eggs
in campus restaurant menus.
Friends, these were subgeniuses without slack.
Now, the only reason you aren't dead yet
is because you've been given slack.
You are living by the grace of J.R. Bob Dobbs,
but yet you don't believe on Bob, do you?
No, you ain't calling in your pledges, Bob.

We ain't heard nothing from you.
Well, maybe I should try this.
In 1878, a man named George W. Burleigh
handed out flyers advertising that he would culminate
his lecture at Chicago's Thornton Hall
by shooting himself.
Naturally, he packed the auditorium to the rafters.
After an impressive oratory,
he pulled out a large caliber derringer
and tore his head open with one shot.
The crowd undoubtedly left feeling the shock.

They were feeling that their one dollar admission price
had been worth every penny.
Now, nobody...
Oh, here's a...
This one made my mouth water.
Although James Green was fitted with a wooden leg,
he was an anthropoid like the rest of us.
He limped around New York's five boroughs
like Captain Ahab,
leaving a trail of bad memories and tiny splinters.
In 1974, when the errant amputee set fire
to his Brooklyn apartment,
police treated him no differently than they'd treat a two-legged criminal.
They threw him in the clink.
Having reached his limit,
the stumpy felon removed that Louisville slugger of his,
jammed it between the cell bars,
wrapped its connective straps around his neck,
and hanged himself.
The peg-legged pyromaniac's earlier act of arson
may have itself been a veiled suicide attempt,
given the fact that his leg was a virtual Duraflame log.
His leg's on fire!
His leg's on fire, dear friends.
I...
Oh, and let's hear about number 33
in Answer Me's Suicide Hall of Fame,
William Gordon Hall, Driller Killer.
Holy, holy, holy.
Autotrepination,
the practice of boring a hole in one's head
as a means of self-illumination,
can be traced back almost to the days of the woolly mammoth.
Since it's painful, senseless,
and tailor-made for the atavistically naive,
you can bet your nipple rings
that the beautiful people's skulls will soon look like wiffle balls.
Bill Hall,
a 57-year-old Belfast executive,
took a less affected but more decisive path
to enlightenment in March 1971.
Unlike the fashion trepon...
trepanatist...
trepanationists...
Unlike the fashion trepanationists
who chisel through their crania
yet leave the soft brain matter untouched,
Hall seized a portable power drill
and sent the twirling steel bit deep into his head
eight times.
Eight times, dear friends.
Now, burrowing into your own head once seems brazen enough,
but Hall's seven additional excavations command quiet respect.
A hastily summoned surgical team tried without success
to plug holes in Hall's mind,
which by that time had become the proverbial sieve.
Well, we pass over Ernest Hemingway here.
Oh, there's a long section on...
Adolf Hitler,
bang goes der Fuhrer.
Long section on him.
Abbie Hoffman,
steal this life.
Joey, the boy with elastic skin.
His heart was stretched beyond repair.
That was a good one.
And Doug Kenny of National Lampoon,
but what I really wanted to make sure that you all heard,
number 52,
Diane Linkletter.
Kids do the darndest things on acid.
Art Linkletter was the voice of reactionary reason
back in the turbulent 60s,
the silent majority's super mellow father confessor.
He was the easy-going paternal type
who calls you into his den fragrant with rum and maple pipe tobacco
and shows you his model ship collection.
He had no discernible talent
apart from a certain homespun cuddliness,
but it was enough to make him a TV superstar.
He was a warm teddy bear of a man,
someone whose mildly rising flatulence
was as reassuring as the smell of butter cookies baking in the oven.
So, when his daughter Diane's LSD-crazed suicide hit the news,
Art must have felt like plucking out his eyeballs
and hiding them in the cupboard.
It was all the more tragic because Diane,
a young Caucasian girl with a heart as wide as the big blue sky,
a girl ready to snuggle puppies,
was a mere damsel of twenty.
We've all heard third-hand accounts of the underground scene,
particularly the notorious acid flashback,
where microcosmic fire-breathing winged Buddhas
tear at your genitals and rummage through your record collection,
leaving everything out of alphabetical order.
Ever since she experimented,
with LSD in the spring of 1969,
an act she deeply regretted
and admitted to her father was nothing short of stupid,
Diane had been rattled with flashbacks,
each one rolling over her like an earthquake's aftershocks.
On October 4th, 1969,
the big one hit.
Diane, her eyes,
two spitting peppermint candies,
her perky bouffant hairdo,
a thicket of worms,
jumped from the windows of her tenth-story Hollywood apartment.
Ironically, Art was at the Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs,
all set to deliver a lecture on our permissive, affluent society.
When he received word of Diane's death plunge,
he flew home and marshaled the link letters together.
The family decided that it would best serve the nation's interest
if they were honest about what drove their little bumpkin to kill herself.
They knew there was a stigma attached to the fact that drugs had touched their family,
but their testimony might be able to steer some misguided youngster away from the evil microdot.
I immersed myself in the drug scene,
Art was to write in a nakedly confessional article for Good Housekeeping.
I'm told that a shot of speed can be like a full-body orgasm.
Art came to realize that drug experimentation was a normal,
but potentially lethal part of adolescent curiosity.
So a bunch of them climb into a car with a few joints they bought from an older kid,
and they hide out just as you and I used to do to smoke corn silk behind the barn.
Art, you delinquent.
He concluded that Diane's belly flop onto concrete wasn't technically a suicide.
She had been murdered. By drugs.
And, well, here's a guy who nailed himself to a cross and hung out the window.
And, uh, died, and...
Over the course of one day in 1948, a Los Angeles man bungled several desperate attempts to end his life.
He made six deep gashes in his throat with a butcher knife.
It didn't kill him.
He jammed the knife's handle into a wall at chest level and sprinted into the blade three times.
It didn't kill him.
He gulped down a bottle of poison and turned on his kitchen's gas fumes.
Uh, gas jets.
Sniffing fumes, his neighbors phoned the cops who rescued him.
Well, another suicide chump.
Dear friends, well, perhaps next week, if there's still a radio station here,
we may continue to read the, uh, suicide, the 100 greatest suicides from Answer Me magazine.
And now, as I promised, the address of Answer Me magazine, which, uh,
you should definitely, let's see, what, uh, counting...
Additional copies of number three. That's this one.
Oh, the first two are sold out, friends.
But number three is five bucks if, uh, including postage.
From Answer Me.
1608.
That's 1608 North Cahuenga Boulevard.
Cahuenga Boulevard.
North Cahuenga Boulevard.
That's C-A-H-U-E-N-G-A Boulevard.
Number 666.
It really is.
Hollywood, California.
90028.
So, if you dare...
Well, this one has an article, an interview.
With Jack Kevorkian.
Actually, they called him up.
They did a prank call on Dr. Kevorkian.
And, uh, oh, that's fun to read.
Uh, interview with Al Sharpton.
The kids of Whitney High.
Yeah.
And some incredible tirades.
The homeless can eat.
Bah.
So, impotent Superman.
Pederastic Park.
It's beautiful.
And, uh, you won't hear any of it.
Because, well, you're just all gonna go to...
To the hell, I guess.
It's sad.
I wanna go home now.
It's amusing to me.
But I would like to...
I would like to really relieve myself first.
And then, like, remove, you know, expunge some of these, like, weird garments you guys got me dressed up in.
You forgot about the bathroom.
Take some of the feathers off my hat.
I look silly as hell.
Go on.
You want bathroom break?
Go on to the bathroom, babe.
You'll love the bathrooms in Seamless.
Just don't hook your thing up to that...
Thing.
I don't have anything on my thing with which to hook it.
I don't understand what you're talking about.
Oh, have you looked recently?
Recently?
That's changed, too.
Remember when we changed Monica...
Yes!
...into Psycho Pathfinder?
And then I...
Oh, he doesn't remember.
That's not...
He thinks that really is Psycho Pathfinder.
Psycho Pathfinder.
Oh, he's checking.
Oh, my God.
Did you see what I had to be in that cube with?
Do you see what I had to look at in that cube with?
I tried to like it.
I didn't...
I tried.
I can't keep it.
Truly, you had something on, girl.
Thank you, Mike.
Thank you.
What's wrong?
What's wrong?



I don't understand what you're talking about.
It's just a top Reverend calls, but...
Nothing happened.
Maybe we should...
Maybe we should send him out.
Maybe we shouldn't...
Maybe we...
I tried.
Maybe we don't even want him here.
I looked down there.
There's absolutely nothing down there at all.
I got a chump of syrup on everything, and I did my best piggy voice.
I just couldn't keep up the shriek.
He said it's a real pig voice.
I've never seen anything like that.
In fact, I didn't see anything there at all.
I don't understand being made a pork butt if someone else didn't use them in the park.
You don't see it until it's inside you.
And then once it's inside...
That is creepy.
It vibrates.
It vibrates.
What does?
I can see it.
I don't know what it is.
Oh, I've been staying here since two.
Oh, oh, it spews.
Oh, oh.
Yes, the word of Bob can...
What did you say?
...spew from many sources.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Lick my love, you love pump.
Oh, that was too much.
Yeah, I'm about ready for some bacon myself.
Yeah, let's...
Let's...
Let's...
Let's...
Let's...









Let's...
Let's have Dave here flay and flange those hogs.
I bet he'd like that job.
What is that supposed to mean?
Send him into the flanging hog flanging channel.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait a minute.
No, wait, wait.
Don't...
Don't...
No, wait, no.
I'm not going to flange in...
Flange in any hogs.
Go ahead, Dave.
I don't even know what it means, first off.
Flange, flange the hogs.
But I'm sure it's going to get my fingers dirty, and I don't...
I don't want...
Now he's worried about getting his fingers dirty.
He doesn't want any ditty bitty fingers.
Well, then you can always use your toes.
Oh, no.
I just washed my hands.
I don't want to flange the hogs.
Anything that grows really protrudes.
What is a flanging?
I don't...
You don't have any...
You don't have to.
You don't have to.
I don't know what it means.
I don't know what a flanging is.
I don't know how to flange a hog.
Show...

Hand him the flanging tool.
Now insert...
This is...
What did...
What does the top of this thing do?
It's got three points.
Large hog.
This looks like it goes in someone's sphincter or something.
Now, that speculum is cold, we'll admit.
And the hogs...
Speculum.
Yes.
Speculum.

And between the hogs, you'll see that president there.
Now, whatever you want you to do first...
That's Harding, isn't it?
Inspect him and crank it up.
Oh, a president's a hog.
That's...
See, the bulb is opening now.
We're back to the beginning where we started with the bulb opening.
Enlightenment.
Yes, I would like a mint.
Does anyone have a mint here?
You hear that faint ripping inside?
It's like life or something.
It's music to the ears of Bob to hear that internal rupturing.
That's the fleasancing of the pig.
It feels good in a way, doesn't it?
Well, it's abrasive in a way, and it clears away some of the raw sewage, I suppose, but
is it doing the pig any damage?
Oh, it's not doing him any good either, but the scrapings are what...
Along the leg, if you scrape the leg...
Just like a sacrificial scraping?
That's where the...
Where do you think the flavoring for the antidote pudding comes from, Dave?
Couldn't you taste the hog flank?
That's hog flank?
The faint savoring of hog flank scraping.
That's that smoky light taste?
Oh, I'd rather enjoy that.
Oh, good.
Then you'll probably like those big gumdrops, those chocolate drops on the ground there.
I don't know if I'd want to taste one of those in your guys' company.
Oh, I'll try one.
I'll eat one.
Oh, yeah, well, you go ahead and do it.
It's okay if you go ahead and eat one.
Hey, man, fool.

Yeah, go ahead, Dave.
Mmm.
Oh, this is so good.
I've been...
I've been...
Oh, no, I don't think so.
She digs it, man.
No.
I love it.
Go ahead, try one.
Oh, no, I've been fooled before.
Oh, what the hell?
What's the matter, you chicken?
What the hell?
What's the matter, you afraid?
What the hell?
There, there you go.
See, he's a good man.
Chew it up.
Chew it up.
Chew it up.
It's kind of a rubbery texture.
It is.
You gotta let it melt in your mouth, David.
Just let it melt in your mouth.
This is like Mugu Gai Pan or something, right?
Mmm.
I mean, I could taste some kind of Chinese vegetables in there.
He almost acts like a real Texan.
Listen to that.
What's this after flavor?
This is like burning dingy thingy ding ding.
Oh, that's just...
It's just the...
The real flavor.
It's not like pepper.
It's like...
No, I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
What's the flavor?
Uric acid.
Keep your throat open.
You need your throat open.
It'll open your chakra, your throat chakra and your heart chakra.
Use the speculum.
I, uh, but I can get like...
If he can't voluntarily open his throat, yank that thing out of that pig.
Crank it.
We're doing you a favor.
We're bringing the inside out to you.
I'm getting an impaction here from this stuff.
Uric acid is bad for you, for your fallopian tubes and stuff, and the rest of your procreative
things.
I could never have children again if I drank too much of this.
I, I, I want to do something else.
This food's bad.
He doesn't like food land.
He doesn't like parking lot land.
He doesn't like sex hurt land.
He doesn't like reality land.
He doesn't like sex hurt land.
Oh, no.
I know.
I know.
You could just have a sex parking here.
He doesn't like hell land.
He doesn't like parking lot or reality.
That's where I want to go.
He threw, he stuck his finger down his throat and disgorged the pills.
I know.
He doesn't like the little...
He must be one of them Hindu Buddhist types that don't want to do anything.
If you don't like it, then you're not going to be able to do anything.








I'm fluffy dumb.





Well, you didn't take it here.
You can leave.
Nothing.
You can just go.
You've told me four times so far, you had to leave, and each time, I've been refused.
Escape land.
I haven't tried the escape land yet.
I've been refused...
Why won't you go into the escape land?
Because...
Why won't you go?
Because you are scared.
You are frightened.
You do not know.
You had the password and then you forgot.
You did.
And then you forgot.
Learn your lessons.
Open your...
too much comic books.
I didn't know there was a password.
I just began to ejaculate words, and suddenly you two nincompoops
started screaming, oh, the password to escape plan.
You're out.
And then I said another word.
Log on.
Log on and off correctly.
Every minute must be accounted for.
Learn your lessons.
Example.
Go ahead.
Check.
Yes.
X, no.
Yes.
Did I check the right one?
No, yes.
X, no.
Come on.
Come on.
Snappy Gonzalez, you can do better than that.
Yes, no.
No.
And now, can you last two or no?
How was that?
He was right.
He was right on the last two.
On the last two.
That's 45% of this thing.
Your bill is getting bigger and bigger and bigger, Dave,
and the interest rates are not easy.
I mean, I got like a bird beak on my face now.
You're just getting in deeper, and you're ignoring.
You let the last 10,000 ticks run right by.
You are stewing in your own juice, David.
You could have just.
You didn't even have to.
You wouldn't be trying to hit him.
If you had just held your finger on the button,
if you had held your callus on the button that whole time,
you would at least be a few hundred lives ahead.
But no.
I know, but.
You let yourself get distracted.
Got jumpy and distracted.
You have to concentrate.
You have to relax and center yourself.
Focus.
Grounding and self-centering.
I have the idea of shooting ticks infinitely ad nauseam
and infinitum for the rest of time.
It doesn't seem to really.
Sing a little song.
Huh?
They could play something.
Play something while I'm doing.
Count the ticks while you.
I'll give them names.
I'll give them names.
Sure, you go name them.
Name the ticks.
That's sweet.
That's real sweet.
You'll name them and then kill them.
This one I'll get.
Name them and name them.
That's pickle.
You die.
Name them and name them.
Well, that sounds.
I like my new murder.
I like my new murder.
Boy, look.
There's little Henrietta tick.
Bam.
There she goes.
Yeah.
And there's a cactus pops up right where they die.
Little swiney Margaret pig ticklet.
There you go.
Kill, kill, kill.
And Eric, the impossible.
Kill, kill.
Kill, kill, kill, kill.
And.
All his unrequited loves.
Yeah, right.
He's naming them after the unrequited loves.
Joe Zed.
What a stupid name.
I hate that's not even a real name.
But kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill.
I can't think of any that didn't think of it.
Getting like flies.
It's just like there's like thousands of them now.
It's like open this thing up and you start shooting.
Hey, man.
Don't go.
You better.
Yeah, you better get them.
I mean, that's the whole idea.
I got my cows down to.
If you kill more, more will come.
I'm holding this thing down and it's not making a dent in it.
That desert's going to be full of cactuses in a minute.
If you kill them, they will come.
If you kill them, they will come.
And maybe we will.
Maybe we will too.
What are you doing out there?
They're starting to build up on the windshield now.
I can't keep track of all these ticks.
Those aren't ticks.
Those are hogs, man.
You got the ticks mixed up with the hogs.
Oh, we're back to the pigs again.
Oh, it's back to the pigs.
The pigs grow ticks.
The pigs have.
They have all kinds of vernaculars for the different little fleas and stuff on their bodies.
I'm tired.
I'm tired too.
I'm bored with torturing lonesome cowboys.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
He's not a worthy victim.
I'm not a worthy victim.
Why don't you let me out of here?
I think we should end it.
Or for us anyway.
We can leave him.
No.
Why don't you end it for me too?
This has the ticks to keep him company.
Do you want to go to escape land?
We do.
We can leave him with the ticks and the pigs.
I'll give him the pigs.
Let's stop by Sex Hurt Land on the way.
Oh, OK.
That's between my neck.
And the restrooms.
Right.
We need to pick up some of the organs that he left in there.
Oh, yeah.
I could use a few more.
He's sweating profusely.
He went behind his barbecue apron.
Jesus Christ almighty.
I can't keep track of all these.
God, if only it was just a show.
I've had enough.
I've had enough too.
Do I actually get to get out of here?
Well, what that was was the tail end of the lonesome cowboy Dave
in hell sequence starring Sister Mary Squared and lonesome cowboy Dave
on WCSB in Cleveland.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to, got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
730.
75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
