Stuck in a nowhere job?
Tired of rhetoric about privacy rights,
illegal seizure,
or innocence until proven guilty?
Don't get PO'd. Join the P.L.E.A.S.
Yes, the P.L.E.A.S.
America's fastest growing organ of law enforcement.
In just one day, you'll become a highly trained urinalysis deputy,
empowered by law to make on-the-spot urine checks.
Watch the fun as you make them drop drawers and pee in a cup, anywhere.
In crowded elevators, in church, or family barbecues.
If any testees have used illegal substances in the last six years, you'll know.
And as a P.L.E.A.S. deputy, you'll have the power to impound,
imprison, confiscate everything they own, including illegal substances.
So the next time you hear them say civil rights,
don't get PO'd, join the P.L.E.A.S.
Just send $2, cash, check, money order, or credit card
to Urine Trouble, 1 Vicious Circle, Utter, Missouri, 1330.
Act now while law for laughs and get the amazing little stoolie fecal sampler.
Don't get PO'd. Join the P.L.E.A.S.
You say the taxman just took away your barrel and your bleep is freezing in a high wind.
Your car just made a sound like a dying moose and came to a halt on the off-ramp
after spitting out a bucket of gear teeth.
Just finished knocking back your third bottle of NyQuil during the Ren and Stimpy Festival
and you feel like taking a whiz on the electric fence.
The aliens removed your brain for their pathology studies and you don't even care?
Well, my friend, you're ready for a big healthy dose of the subgenius hour of slack.
No one knows how to put the m-huh back in Christmas like J.R. Bob Dobbs and his twisted henchman,
the Reverend Ivan Stang.
Your good friends and prayer partners in your bid to secure your place in hell
and stop worrying about all this unapproachable crapola.
So, refuse to take your medication for a week and tie yourself to the kitchen chair
for the next neuron-popping episode of the subgenius hour of slack
on that bastion of bogus southern hospitality, K-N-O-N, 89.3 FM in almighty Dallas, Texas,
where the horses have silver wings, the whales all speak French, and the politicians are honest.
Yeah, right, and Ross Perot's gonna pay off my student loan, too.
I mean, praise Bob!
Have the technology, have the tapes.
Bob told me to make this, not gonna resist.
And if during the proceedings a small chlorine-oxypropylene bag should drop down,
open the receiving flap and inhale deeply.
Don't ask questions.
Prepare to have your mind scanned for possible bozosaurian traces.
Scanning now.
Only people here are people.
They're the advanced techno-droids.
Techno-droids can't hold up much of a conversation, though.
Of the subgenius.
For amusement, they toss children into pits with hungry dogs.
Are we not men?
We are the subgenius!
Ah!
In nomine patri et fili et spiritus sancti.
Amen.
None's absence of humor.
Continuing.
Take notes if need be.
Call for assistance.
Operators are standing by.
Forward when notified.
Void when prohibited.
Visitors only.
Ten-minute parking.
Do not fold, spindle, or mutilate except in the presence of Krishna, Muhammad, Buddha, Jehovah,
Vincent Price, or Bob.
There's the only one.
He is the strongest of all the immortals.
He is the perfect one.
We are incidentally guested this morning by a distinguished member of the clergy,
the Right Reverend Archbishop.
I am happy to say that I have received a vision from J.R. Bob Dobbs
that you have been...
Great.
You have been promoted to Archbishop.
That is...
Oh, yeah.
That's news to me.
That's pretty exciting.
I was just a sacred scribe until half an hour ago.
Well, I guess being on this national broadcast has had a very good reaction.
We had a story yesterday that I'd like to get to the bottom of, frankly,
about cow mutilations.
Now, these cows were suffering from having their udders removed.
Their peni were sliced off, surgically, I might add.
With incredible...
With incredible surgical precision.
Yes, it was.
And the other thing that was read out was their rectum.
I have no idea why anyone...
And I quote from the Bible to give some testimony to the fact that this is going.
The fire of God is fallen from heaven,
that hath burned up the sheep and the servants and consumed them.
Am I only the escaped one alone to tell thee of?
And, of course, is John...
Job, chapter 1, verse 16.
Job.
Nowadays, when you've got a stale economy, you call them Job.
Job.
Cattle mutilations is...
Can I give you some facts and see if you can verify these for me?
Oh, please do.
I am advised by a study done by my research director, Rob Robbie.
A tiny percentage are done by miscellaneous small cults like Satanists,
and the Davidians, bikers, etc.
About 10% are done by one major Odinist right-wing Christian cult,
composed mostly of Texas oil millionaires,
who are essentially seeking, I guess, a ritualistic way of curing their impotence.
Now you know what Ross Perot does in his spare time.
Cow mutilations.
Yeah, well, he's got the silent choppers and, you know, all the equipment.
Well, I guess you really need...
And the motivation.
I am advised, sir, and I am glad I have you face-to-face,
because I don't like to back down from these types of confrontations,
but I am advised that a great deal of subgeniuses, part of your church,
all right, fresh from Dobstown on their first initiation test,
are involved in these mutilations,
and that it's not done as a test of their mettle.
It's a scientific fact that the only proper way, well, to divine the future
is by reading fresh animal bowels.
Wow.
Well, I'm sorry.
This is a serious matter.
Hey, it's right there in Book of the Subgenius.
It says so right there in Black and White.
It does say that, then.
Then you have admitted to that.
Well, sure.
I mean, you haven't lived until you've gone out on a nice little cattle mutilation initiation hunt.
Probably the largest and most ruthless gang of saboteurs in this country.
I know.
For six months, they thought I was one of them.
Distance for all the lawyers, doctors,
ex-wives, and all the other gold diggers out there.
What is it, man?
Oh, and let them die with dignity.
Why, you dirty...
But, boss, but, but, but, but...
Isn't it wonderful what you can do with some wire and a few electric bulbs?
A little child looks up at me, sometimes with their eyes open.
You know, right about 500 grams is when their eyes begin to open.
A half-staff turns to me and says,
Dr. Foroth, what do we do?
I didn't come in here with three points and a poem today.
I could care less whether you think I can preach a lick or not.
You understand that?
All I care about is saying,
Thus saith the Spirit of God.
All I care about is getting in the mountain
and standing behind that desk
with lips anointed from coals off the fire,
ready to declare the word of the living God.
And I'm ready.
They were red as crimson.
Now they're white.
They're white as snow.

They're white as wool.
You don't have to encourage somebody
that knew they were a dirty, rotten hunk of stink and sinful flesh.
And yet, no matter how you slice it up,
no matter how you dice it out,
it's still another existing,
if it feels good to do it,
anything goes,
drug-induced hallucinogenic experience.
Well, we're speaking now, of course, as you know,
with Father Joe Mama,
who is at the end of the Democratic Convention parties.
We're looking down on the floor.
You can see at the subgenius convention
just what happened.
We heard the news about Jesus and the handgun.
We'll be going to descriptions of that soon.
We just wondered what you saw from where you were.
Well, I felt that the proceedings were very interesting
from an academic standpoint, of course.
I can say that without any hesitation.
That is, without any hesitation.
That the chaos that ensued was typical of that,
involving any sort of political assassination.
I personally think Jesus is a patsy.
Yeah.
This magic bullet theory.
Yeah, me too.
The magic splinter theory also.
There are all these theories.
They're just theories.
Well, I mean, you know, they'd only try to only use



the magic that Jesus would be accused of being able to kill a man
with one bullet with three different entry rules.
I mean, you know, what do they think this guy is?
Some sort of God?
I mean, let's get real.
I believe we got a whole lot of folks sitting in church
think they're saved that aren't.
That's the reason we got to hire 14 more preachers
to counsel them all day long.
Shout now!
Shout now!
Oh!
Brother Rod, don't put that condemnation on me.
Let's play God.
My dear young man, you know as well as I do
that God is dying all over the world.
Man invented him but doesn't need him anymore.
Man is God now.
As a matter of fact, he always was.
Overpopulation, pollution, famine, nuclear holocaust, war.
Decivilization.
The two things are the same.



And that is the reason why this whole situation is driving us
into the sea of extinction.
The keynote is control.
That's the province of politicians, not scientists.
Yes, but we're the only ones who are trying to combat the problem now.
In 20 years time, we will be in positions of power,
and then we'll be ready to act
Friends, we've been enjoying media barrages here on the Hour of Slack from many of our friends,
starting with the P. Lease by Brain Rot Theater,
Hell Pope Huey's new contributions and promos,
Reverend Joe Riley's evil bulldada barrage,
and the barrages of Dr. Legume and KHSU subgenius show,
and good Reverend Morton Downey,
and a wonderful collection of Reverend Parsley from our dear friend Reverend Uncle Jimmy,
as well as some KPFA Berkeley puzzling evidence and Papa Joe Mama,
and more.
More of these things coming up, friends.
Oh, by the way, as Vincent Price was just saying there,
we got an amazing document in the mail,
a copy of what supposedly is top secret material,
a document called Silent Weapons for Quiet Wars,
a blueprint for your eventual enslavement.
And I don't want to say who sent this to us.
Of course, this could, I suppose, possibly be a hoax.
Whoa.
I can't put, can't use that tape, friends, that tape deck.
I'm going to use this one up here.
Did you hear that?
That noise that came in?
There's no telling what they were trying to do to us there with that one.
But, you know, as the preface to this thing says here,
conspiracy theories are not...
Not new in history.
For example, plots to kill Caesar and overthrow Rome abounded.
But there are many who go out of their way to ridicule and silence
those who today speak of conspiracies.
Why do you think they don't want people to think about conspiracies?
Seldom does hard evidence emerge that by its very content
indicates it serves as a blueprint for a conspiracy.
Yet the very nature and information in the top secret Silent Weapons for Quiet Wars
introductory book,
the programming manual,
reads like a government technical manual
from some secret group of think tank planners
who have put many years of research and development
into creating a new science of social engineering
so they can better manipulate the masses.
This document was uncovered quite by accident on July 7th, 1986,
when an employee of Boeing Aircraft Company
purchased a surplus IBM copier for scrap parts at a sale
and discovered inside...
Aircraft
Anthropywacon
was an original part of Oram abdominal
There are no external own services
In every figure that's inside

containing a kind of disconnected辦法


It's sick!
This does any reason not to worry about the Marco
male
And friends, here are some of the excerpts from this amazing document.
A Novecir


Energy is recognized as the key to all activity on Earth.
Natural science is the study of the sources of control of natural energy,
and social science, theoretically expressed as economics, is the study of the sources and control of social energy.
All science is merely a means to an end.
The means is knowledge. The end is control.
Beyond this remains only one issue, who will be the beneficiary.
In 1954, this was the issue of primary concern.
Although the so-called moral issues were raised, in view of the law of natural selection,
it was agreed that a nation or world of people who will not use their intelligence
are no better than animals
who do not
have intelligence.
Such people are beasts of burden and stakes on the table by choice and consent.
Consequently, in the interest of future world order, peace and tranquility,
it was decided to privately wage a quiet war against the American public
with an ultimate objective of permanently shifting the natural and social energy, or wealth,
of the undisciplined and irresponsible many,
into the hands of the self-disciplined, responsible and worthy few.
In order to implement this objective, it was necessary to create, secure and apply new weapons,
which, as it turned out, were a class of weapons so subtle and sophisticated
in their principle of operation and public appearance,
as to earn for themselves the name, Silent Weapons.
In conclusion, the objective of economic research as conducted by the magnates of capital,
banking, and the industries of goods and services, is the establishment of an economy
which is totally predictable and manipulatable.
In order to achieve a totally predictable economy, the lower class elements of society
must be brought under total control, i.e., must be held accountable.
They must be housebroken, trained, and assigned a yoke,
and long-term social duties from a very early age,
before they have an opportunity to question the propriety of the matter.
In order to achieve such conformity, the lower class family unit must be disintegrated
by a process of increasing preoccupation of the parents
and the establishment of government-operated daycare centers
for the occupationally orphaned children.
The quality of education given to the lower class must be of the poorest sort,
so that the mote of ignorance isolating the inferior class from the superior class
is and remains incomprehensible to the inferior class.
With such an initial handicap, even bright lower class individuals
will have little, if any, hope of extricating themselves
from their assigned lot in society.
This form of slavery is essential to maintaining some measure of social order,
peace, and tranquility for the ruling class.
The silent weapon shoots situations instead of bullets,
propelled by data processing instead of chemical reactions,
originating from bits of data instead of grains of gunpowder,
from computer instead of a gun, operated by a computer programmer instead of a marksman,
and under the orders of a banking magnate instead of a military general.
The public cannot comprehend this weapon,
and therefore cannot believe that they are being attacked and subdued by a weapon.
The public might instinctively feel that something is wrong,
but because of the technical nature of the silent weapon,
cannot express their feeling in a rational way or handle the problem with intelligence.
Therefore, they do not know how to cry for help.
Ah yes, and then it goes on to describe the silent weapon, dear friends.
Mr. Rothschild's energy discovery, apparent capital as a paper inductor and so forth.
And they use a sort of shock testing by which the prices of weapons,
of commodities are shocked and the public consumer reaction is monitored.
The resulting echoes of the economic shock are interpreted theoretically by computers,
and the psycho-economic structure of the economy is thus discovered.
It is by this process that partial differential and difference matrices
that define the family household make possible its evaluation as an economic industry, or...
In other words,
once the household as dissipative consumer structure,
then the response of the household to future shocks can be predicted and manipulated,
and society becomes a real regulated animal with its reins under the control
of a sophisticated computer-regulated social energy bookkeeping system.
Eventually, every individual element of the structure comes under computer control
through a knowledge of personal preferences.
Such knowledge guaranteed by computer association of consumer preferences.
Through the Universal Product Code, or UPC,
the zebra-stripe pricing codes on packages,
with identified consumers,
identified via association with the use of a credit card,
and later a permanent tattooed body number invisible under normal ambient illumination.
The document, dear friends,
then goes on to describe the formula for the economic model of the silent weaponry,
with various diagrams,
and the three industrial classes,
and looks sort of almost electronic,
the way it's laid out with the E-model of economic inductance,
time-flow relationships,
and self-destructive oscillations.
And then it comes...
comes to this little situation here, dear friends,
by which we find that the social welfare program
is nothing more than an open-ended credit balance system,
which creates a false capital industry to give non-productive people
a roof over their heads and food in their stomachs.
This can be useful, however,
because the recipients become state property
in return for the gift of social welfare.
They become a standing army for the elite,
for he who pays the piper picks the tune.
Those who get hooked on the economic drug
must go to the elite for a fix.
In this, the method of introducing large amounts of stabilizing capacitance
is by borrowing on the future credit of the world.
This is the fourth law of motion,
and consists of performing an action
and leaving the system before the reaction returns to the point of action,
a delayed reaction.
And by this means,
politicians become popular in their own time,
and the public pays for it later.
In fact, the measure of such a politician is the delay time.
The same thing is achieved by a government printing money
beyond the limit of gross national product.
An economic process called inflation.
This puts a large quantity of money in the hands of the public
and maintains a balance against their greed,
creates a false self-confidence in them,
and for a while stays the wolf from the door.
But they must eventually resort to war
to balance the account.
Because war ultimately is merely the act of destroying the creditor.
And the politicians
are the publicly hired hitmen
that justify the act
to keep the responsibility and blood off the public conscience.
If the people really cared about their fellow man,
they would control their appetites,
their greed, their procreation, etc.
so that they would not have to operate on a credit or welfare social system
which steals from the worker to satisfy the bum.
Since most of the general public will not exercise restraint,
there are only two alternatives to reduce the economic inductance of the system.
One, let the population bludgeon each other to death in war,
which only results in the total destruction of the living earth.
Or two, take control of the world
by the use of economic silent weapons
in a form of quiet warfare
and reduce the economic inductance of the world to a safe level
by a process of benevolent slavery and genocide.
The latter option has been taken as the obviously better option.
At this point it should be crystal clear to the reader
why absolute secrecy about the silent weapons is necessary.
The general public refuses to improve its own mentality,
and its faith in its fellow man.
It has become a herd of proliferating barbarians
and, so to speak, a blight upon the face of the earth.
They do not care enough about economic science
to learn why they have not been able to avoid war despite religious morality.
And their religious or self-gratifying refusal to deal with earthly problems
renders the solution of the earthly problem unreachable by far.
It is left to those few who are truly willing to think and survive
as the fittest to survive
to solve the problem for themselves as the few who really care.
Otherwise, exposure of the silent weapon
would destroy our only hope of preserving the seed of future true humanity.
And see, dear friends, I have gone
and just exposed the secret of the silent weapon over the radio,
destroying their hope of preserving the seed of future true humanity.
But since when, my friend, did we need to preserve full-blooded humanity?
Why, the full-blood human has not a drop of yeti blood in it.
And I don't see any point in us mollycoddling those people.
And as far as I'm concerned, you should respond to this
uh, uh, the secrets revealed in this document,
obviously written by the higher-ups in the conspiracy itself,
by, uh, contributing to your voice of the church of the subgenius in your area, dear friend.
Ah, yes, because, uh, we love you
and want to save you from that evil, evil
and the vile conspiracy.
Ah, yes.
...
...
...
God understands!
He doesn't condemn you.
No!
Excuse me!
God does not understand!
No!
Excuse me!
God does not understand!
I was moist and fully self-actualized, brimming with the vital juices of life,
a hero to every guy, a source of lust to every girl, and the nightmare of every mom.
Yes, I was flying high and leaving a trail of delightful turmoil in my fetid wake,
but just as I thought it couldn't get any better,
just when I thought I was about to be elected God,
so as I could fix this mess good and proper once and for all,

...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...

...


...
...

...
...
...
...
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
...
scum who haunt the malls, making even my occasional excursions thereof in pursuit of some minor
plastic crap, a sleigh ride through hell unbounded. I was fully loaded and snorting with hellish
anticipation of the unforgettable rampage which would splash the front pages of magazines
and newspapers worldwide. But suddenly, Negi sucked me dry.
Dry. The lab was fully stocked, the quivering subjects strapped down, the batteries charged,
and the electrodes in place. The drill bits were sharpened, the clamps well-oiled, the beakers
filled with the vile fluids of my intent. The hookahs were primed, the incense burning, the
sacrificial chickens, goats, former employers, and imaginary enemies drugged and ready. The
generators were churning, the lights were on, and the lights were on. I was fully loaded and snorting
with hellish anticipation of the
night. I was fully loaded and snorting with hellish anticipation of the
guns loaded with the best explosive shells money could buy. But suddenly, Negi sucked me dry.
Summary. This revealed at the provided only apartment, due to removing engine load
accenter of a right sidering these pulse changes, at three of this test, were reinforcement of this
crush of the horizontal barrier barrier, anthropomorphic dummies, were reduced
by removing strumant zone two, results are listed, and the impact became clear the experience,
demonstructural integrity, and results, intrusion of the D-sectives. Although the moment zone femur
locations not pre and were 44.1 mile per hour intrusional, X. Accelerometry, rather compartment,
and post-test measurement, injury criteria or damage to the rail.
Oh, you can wear a fake beard and
die.
You can wear glasses.
You can trade buses, planes, and rickshaws till you're dizzy.
You can nail the basement door shut, crank up the antivirus programs, turn out the lights,
and muzzle the kids.
You can wear three rubbers, a gas mask, and a raincoat, and nothing else.
You can buy an arsenal of automatic weapons and nerve gases.
You can build your own pocket nuke.
You can dig a moat around the house and fill it with piranha.
You can buy a six pack of slobbering pit bulls and a growth of tigers for the perimeter.
You can put in voice print, retina print, and tongue print computers with crisscross
lasers aimed at the doormat where the subject to be scanned will stand.
You can hire Batman, Hannibal Lecter, and Hulk Hogan for bodyguards.
You can fly straight up in the air, screaming like a banshee, flinging fluids and vital
organs everywhere.
But sooner or later, no matter how far you run or how big your gun, you're gonna have
to look in the mirror like everybody else and admit to yourself.
You're gonna have to look in the mirror like everybody else and admit to yourself, you're gonna have to look in the mirror like everybody else and admit to yourself.
You're gonna have to look in the mirror like everybody else and admit to yourself, you're gonna have to look in the mirror like everybody else and admit to yourself.
Negi, suck me dry.
You have to look at the mission record, you're just going over it.















That was uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh.
You don't understand?

Excuse me, God does not understand.
Excuse me, God does not understand.
You said I'd pick up my foot, but he'd put it down.
You said the steps of a good man are ordered of the Lord.
Lord, I don't want to fall in the ditch.
I don't want to be the blind leading the blind.
God, I need the Holy Ghost conviction to keep me on the right track,
to keep me in the center of your will,
to keep me progressing toward the glory.
I'm destined for the throne, and I refuse to take a bypass.
I refuse.
And we've got slaughtered men and women of God laying around us like cordwood.
They're dead. The life's gone out of them.
No unction, no anointing.
You know why? They refused conviction.
They were numb to conviction.
They turned a deaf ear to the wooing voice of the Spirit of God,
and now they're dead.
My God, that's worth the price of admission.
I know he's dead.
He didn't leave with Luther.
Telephone ring.
You were not...
The office president, Kennedy, calling me up.
He said, my friend Bob, what do we need to make the country grow?
I said, my friend John.
The subgenius must have flat!
The subgenius...
Big boy.
Ring.
Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
Roar!
Remember, there's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over.
He didn't leave with Luther.
Kill Bob!
Roar!
I know what you want.
You want to kill me.
Roar!
Roar!
Roar!
Can, you know, shoot the s*** with the best of them.
But what about nectar?
Well, when the fly finds it's time to mate, or rut,
he puts out his feelers, turns up his olfactory and other sensory nerve inputs,
and scans the horizon for the piquant, marshmallow smell of a female fly in heat.
Ah, lucky fellow, he's found one.
Yes, her mysterious dance seems to lift up his day and light up his night.
But it's all right.
As she comes to accept him, it's no secret that the fly's orgasmic pleasure
is matched only by his built-in proportionate inability to remain in a fixed location for any length of time.
For no sooner has the mating couple filled each other's goby nodules with albumin and spoo,
than the fly, ever-touring, ever-seeking nectar, flies off to another destination,
smiling all the while as the facets in his mirror-like covering reflect grace,
land, and mansions of endless stars, thus filling in the blank spaces of nature's lost address book.
Is it all in the name of love?
Or is this conscious pest but a note in the marvelous symphony of nature's universe?
Perhaps we'll never know.
But the next time you see a common fly, remember, there's more to this pesky fellow's life,

than rancid oatmeal and his attraction to that light bulb over your bed.
Yes, one of nature's most misunderstood anomalies, Mr. Fly will always be a part of...
Our Insect World.
Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Tadatit that time.
Here I am again, Mga Patatid, a Kaiban Sabuhai at Living Gun.
Narito Nanaman, an inyong wonderful and sexy doll, upang mahatid sa inyong pananahevik.
Ang mga topsy-turvy news sa ating local cinema.
Kayat, let us prepare everything now, especially ourselves, for this wonderful titibisyen.
Nagayon pagasumaka sumahin natin ang katanagyan ninyi torso.
A pogi si tirso handsome, a good dresser si mantasata clean-cut.
Ata si tirso ayamohasay umawitata sumayaya.
Then, ang naging second love.
Naman nini Nora nasi many.
Angi close-up nasa clean.
Si many kahe hit short.
Sa height kung itatitibi kay torso.
Katatiti hindi si ya handsome na tulidni tirso ay cute.
Naman et meirun.
E tingantana it.
Hi, Mrs.
Tala tang ang hirap na ganga-maga-maga-maga ano?
Imagine.
Ang mahala malang ang mainga bilhemi.
Ang dami-dami pang maga mananga-mangaka.
Ma discourage ang manaka maga maga burglars.
Oh, kung hingi man discourage ang magaito, at least make it difficult for them.
Lalo ne para doon, saam ga amateur sneak thieves.
Cloyd Robinson, big-eye na big-eye na ang damahong in sa pelikulang big-eye.
Saam saal niya saad Beth Morgado, well, indi da bomba an pelikula a little sex lang.
Dear Mr. Auri, I am one of a million readers of your wonderful karam,
which I believe can help me find a lot girl-right fo me.
I did not think before that I would be in need of your help, for I had girl-friends, yet they all deceived me.
However, I don't blame even any one of them.
I've realized that we're not really men for each other.
With regard to the girl I'm looking for, she must be of a practical type, Caucasian, Catholic, understanding enough to get my situation.
She must not be necessarily beautiful or sexy, but charming and sexy and beautiful and simple to please my sophisticated heart.
Ngaggly.
She must be a teacher, even pursuing still such profession at 22 to 25 years of age, standing 5 to 5.
Speaking of my humble self, I am an A.B. degree holder, and at present still pursuing my studies for a B.S.E. degree,
and at the same time employed in one of the private firms in the greater Manila area, making Manila folders.
Till here, and I'll be hoping for the best of your kind health.
Thanks in advance, and more power to your column.
Very respectfully.
Tyrone.
Lang-gla-gay-ang-pang-gling-mo, roadside mailbox, saying house number nalang.
Mang-ga-gung-gum-gum-gum-a-na-nig-a-sing-a-laga-pang-gling-a-num-ro-an-ba-yay, this way.
The Church of the Sun Genius.
5, 4, 3, 2, 1, Dallas.
Churches.
7, 5, 2, 1, 4.
Praise Bob. That's right.
That Malaysian address is Bob at Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
7, 5, 2, 1, 4.
And you really can write for more free information from Bob at that number.
But I'll be giving that sacred Post Office Box number again.
But in the meantime, I wanted to let you know what you have been listening to, dear friends.
We've heard Hell Pope Huey doing a Neegie sucked me dry.
A lovely sort of testimony there.
More of Reverend Parsley from Reverend Uncle Jimmy's tape that he sent in.
We've barely scratched the surface of that.
Dr. Legume's media barrage.
Dr. Riley's media barrage.
Bleepo Abernathy talking about flies in rut.
And that was the Fire Sign Theater.
Very rare recordings doing the Filipino ads there.
And coming up, we'll hear some ranting by Reverend Mike Cole in Cleveland.
A little bit of that.
Some, an amazing little piece about snake handling.
He's so well done.

In deutschland.
Course above safely in target.
Nothing.
Nothing but getting gets me somecap ya'll.
And that's that.
In the Savior's Business sent to películas that have any quality of human begins that
coming up and well we'll just see we'll try to get down to the
rudy schwartz project
uh...
on
are we not
here
at one crop circles that was another one uh... you're doing a drop circles yeah
it's it what it
those two little gentleman in england took credit for those thirteen thousand
crop circles but obviously it had a very would be a lot of such a useful i
knew they had to have some help of some kind but i always thought that this was
perhaps
from a ufo
up a lot of more from ufos but they're they're little minor uh...
joyriding ufo is not the important ufo's that bob dobbs is in touch with bob
dobbs is in touch
uh... one of bob's main messages is that the world is going to end on july fifth
nineteen ninety eight at seven o'clock in the morning
what why why that particular
time in that particular day uh... they're just i guess it's a random choice on the part of the aliens the men from planet x or the sex goddesses from planet x
themselves better
you're listening to the church in the subgenius radio ministry our slack with your host
the reverend ivan staying
he'd never steer you wrong
you're listening to the church in the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack with your host the reverend ivan stang he'd never steer you wrong
you're listening to the church in the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack with your host the reverend stang he'd never steer you wrong
tell me where to turn
here
well i was i was a thinkin just the other day we don't have that many of them subgenius holidays oh well yeah every day is bob's birthday but i can't get over it
yeah we sure can hear you

glory to god
reverend stang
and he was talking about that somewhat, reverend stang in the magazine on july fifth morning



Look around.
And he was telling the importance of the X-Day.
1998.
And he was saying, he was saying, what was it he was saying?
Stay up all night, frobbing and frobbing and dooning and and gleaning and doing X-Day chants about how the time is nigh for their arisal.
And songs, you know, X-Day holiday songs like Take Me Off to Space, which we'll be playing soon.
And on X-Day morning, of course, well, the grownups been up all night, but the kids get up real early because.
Because on X-Day, the children are allowed to eat breakfast.
When we pulled up in the yard, I told the children here, I said, we're going to have ourselves a time tonight.
I just knew that old church is going to be full of spirit.
And it was, honey.
It was.
We went in there.
We after we sung about three songs, they were shouting all over that church.
I've never seen so many people in one church shout.
And in a little while, they shouted themselves right around in back office.
Three ladies and two men.
Well, now, when we were hooking up, we saw some curtains or something laying over some boxes back there.
We didn't pay any attention to it.
Didn't know what is in there and didn't care.
But in a little while, they came out around us with five of the biggest rattlesnakes I have ever laid my eyes on.
I like to die.
But when the service was over, they told us that the biggest rattlesnake they had in that service was five feet long.
Honey, the one they brought by me was 27 feet long.
They let me say this.
I'm not knocking these people.
I promise you, I'm not knocking them.
I don't know if they're right or wrong.
You know, I'll tell you that they claim that they they read in the Bible.
I don't know where Moses had enough faith to take up the service.
And some members of their congregation claim to have that much faith.
And I'll tell you one thing I found out before I left there.
They had a whole lot more faith than what I had.
Now, this one woman stopped about two feet from where I was trying to pick and sing.
I didn't even know what kiosk is.
She took that rattlesnake with a head as big as your fist and held it up and stuck it right down in her face and shouted in its ear.
If a rattlesnake's got an ear.
She wrapped that thing around her neck.
She threw it down on the floor, kicked off her shoe and put her bare foot on top of its head.
When she threw that thing down on the floor.
It fell.
It fell.

I missed my foot about that far.
I done a little shouting myself.
And she thought I was in the spirit.
And brought me one up.
Well, I didn't know.
I didn't know what the world was going to do.
And I said, just take it easy.
Don't panic.
I said, just look around and find out where the back door is.
She said, I already looked and there ain't none.
I said, reckon where do they want one?
I said, there's one.




And this lady walked up to me.
She said, Brother Wendy.
You mean to tell me.
If the Lord commanded you to take up the serpent, you wouldn't take him up?
I said, yes, ma'am, I surely would.
But he didn't and I ain't.
Then the devil pulls off a mask.
It's me, Bob.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
Ha ha ha!
We better get back, because it will be dark soon.
And they mostly come at night. Mostly.
I need your body as a dwelling place while I am here on your earth.
Where do you put it? You got a hollow leg?
It exists in almost every city and hamlet in the country.
And you must stand united on this, and stamp out this frightful assassin of our youth.
Because it is only through enlightenment that this scourge can be wiped out.
Hooray!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
You're going to be ready for the finals in 1998, my friend.
Let me be slack.
Hooray!
Didn't you give me this shit? You don't do anything to stimulate me.
Why don't you buy me a vibrator?
Why won't I put it in your mouth and you hum?
I'm going to give you a good one.

A person walking down a sandy beach barefoot,
whose foot has been numbed by Novocaine,
steps on the jagged edge of a broken bottle,
slits their foot and bleeds to death,
because they never knew there was a problem.
My loss was his gain.
This was a manipulation, a tilting of the luck plane in his face.
I was not in favor.
And what goes up must come down.
And when you're talking about the luck plane, you're talking about both sides at once.
One goes up, the other goes down.
I happen to be on the wrong end of the luck plane.
But Mr. Rob Dobson, you see, was on the right side of the luck plane.
And I bet he had a damn good seat for tonight's game.
A wonderful paradise.
Is that a paradise?
Sort of.
He's on the coast, up north.
Up north, here, with all of his, well, what can you say, aliens, friends?
Oh, his family reunion.
What about me?
That's the code word we use, too.
Yes, it's a mighty big family tree we subgenius grow from.
That's right.
You never can tell what sort of branches he can branch off.
Well, we're going to the convention floor right now for that report about Jesus and a handgun.
Let's see what they have to say down there.
Jesus was running around at the bar last night with a handgun.
Really?
Okay, you can see Reverend Stan there.
Yes, he was.
And a wound in his side and a crown of thorns, a loincloth, and a handgun.
He was looking for Bob.
He was hunting for Bob.
And so what happened?
Well, he was bumming drinks.
Yeah.
He was real ecstatic.
You see him running around town.
You be on the lookout.
Yes, he was.
And a wound in his side and a crown of thorns, a loincloth.
And then I saw him going off with two guns.




And he was running around town.
And he was running around town.



That's a drinking, fighting Jesus for you.
I saw him fighting .
Is he Bob?
I wasn't around at that point.
I don't think he did.
I don't think he hit Bob.
He missed him.
Something must have happened.
We think the bullets were caught in some sort of void time warp or something.
Yeah, I saw it.
They were moving in Oz and had each other.
That's always a problem with those dealers.
The other thing you have to do on the show here is watch the little H-bombs.
They're over here in the corner.
There's a sink over here.
And you can watch their bodies.
We might have to leave the floor.
It looks like the crowd's getting ugly down there with Reverend Ivan Stang.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
They busted through the...
Well, there you go.
They busted through the third medium into Stang's brain.
They now reside there until we can perform the radio exorcism on the second half of the
show.
Yes, I was there in the bar that night.
The night that produced with the lady.

And we were allegedly running around, but that was no handgun in his pocket.
Was it?
Let me tell you...
He was just happy to see another cult.
He wanted those followers back.
Customer service?
Yes, dear.
Papa Joe here.
And you know, you're far too young to remember this, but when I was a boy, we didn't have
any of these weakling Jesus with the handguns.
We only prayed to an almighty God that puts fear, fear in his disciples.
I'm talking about Jesus with a hand grenade.
Fear in his burial?
No, Jesus, back in my day, Jesus had AK-47.
I know.
Jesus had a Stinger.
I just understand that's the old world.
We're in new thinking now.
See, that's what's happened today.
People get slept off with these cheap imitations.
Yeah, but I'm a Papa Joe Mama.
What an imitation it is.
I think we have a list of high-ranking officials that were there that night and were actually subpoenaed.
All right, punch it up.
Name.
There we go.
It has been alleged that certain high-archies have carried weapons of destruction on their persons during public appearances,
but this is merely a defensive measure, let me assure you.
These allegations of opening up on the audience, dispensing with people that didn't applaud loud enough,
these are purely exaggerations.
Okay, all right, there was some shooting on the audience, but it was target practice.
We were deliberately missing.
Tell the truth.
Okay, okay, so all right, a few people were hit, but that was from Wicked Day.
Yeah, we dial up Rocket Man.
What a beautiful future it is.
And how many people were taking hits?
Listen, what I lie to you, what I lie to you, those people that died, those were people that wanted to die.
They jumped up in the line of fire.
Would you lie to me?
What about that night you told me you were?
Well, never mind.
Never mind, never mind.
Close the Ravens.
Never mind.
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
He screamed at the orderlies when told he was actually Farlow Fudd, doctor of dental surgery.
He struggled with his bonds and snapped his jaws at them viciously, his mouth foaming like a St. Bernard's.
The drugs had shown some beneficial effect at first, but as time wore on, his violent reassertion of his fictitious persona pushed aside any hope that chemical management would lead to a breakthrough.
Get the electrodes, sighed Dr. Fine.
He shook his head in resigned frustration.
The man had already absorbed the full charge of four die-hard batteries and was still no longer alive.

He was no better.
His burning devotion to this Bob Dobbs was most disturbing.
Either it was the product of a fevered, sick mind, or this Bob had somehow tormented the man into a state of burning, psychotic loyalty unlike anything they'd seen before.
Perhaps it was both.
Hell-Pope Huey, indeed.
Well, regardless, I have a job to do, thought the doctor as he pulled on his thick rubber gloves and goggles.
And to think I used to enjoy this, he thought.
Something had to work soon.
There were only three orderlies left.
And one of them refused to approach this patient again, even with the peril of being fired over his head.
As the raving man had put the others in the ICU with snapped bones and large pieces bitten out of them, the doctor couldn't really blame him.
Perhaps he really was the Pope of Hell.
He was certainly earning his self-imposed title.
Oh well.
One last try with electricity, and then it would be time to turn to firearms.
Suddenly there were screams in the hall, followed by a terrifying, rumbling crash that sounded like someone had loosed a thunderhead in the building.
The multifaceted sonic chaos made him feel like a frightened child again, and his bladder loosened violently.
Against his better judgment, he ran from the room and turned the corner to see the orderlies in pools of their own blood, their arms ripped from the sockets, unimaginable burns, smoking and filling the air with the acrid tang of ozone.
Worse yet, one of them had been separated from his head, which lay forlornly in the corner like a discarded ragdoll, except that ragdolls didn't ooze loops of intestine and purple-pink brain matter.
My dear God, his nose has been bitten off, Dr. Fine thought as he vomited.
I guess he shouldn't have called the man names when all this started, he thought absently, part of his fractured mind shutting itself off in a bid to prevent a complete breakdown.
There was a huge hole in the wall, jaggedly rent as if some unimaginable force of nature had gone berserk, which was, ironically, exactly what had happened.
A few bricks fell from the smoking edges of the gash as he watched, mouth agape, vomitous, unwiped, as he tried to wrap a protective cocoon around the wall.


This was the only thing that was in his mind until he could get to some tranquilizers.
Hmm, Bob Dobbs and Hell Pope Huey, he mused absently.
I'll remember those names.
.

. Yes, dear friends.
You can remember the name of J.R. Bob Dobbs by writing for free information.
That's right.
You can get all kinds of free stuff in the mail just by letting us know you care enough to send off for that wonderful packet.
You can write Bob.
You got that pencil ready, friend?
I'm going to give you a couple of different addresses tonight.
You can write to Bob at Post Office Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas at 75214.
Oh, yes.
There's a lot more besides this radio show that you need to know about.
At P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
And our good friend Onan Canobite is looking, apparently doing,
a book about SPK, the band SPK.
And he is looking for anything you've got, like interviews, discographies, tour data,
names and addresses of members, any language, reviews.
All contributors will be credited and all inquiries answered.
And you can write to Trevor Blake at Post Office Box 2321.
That's Box 2321.
Portland, Oregon.
97208.
That zip, once again, in Portland, Oregon, 97208.
But that doesn't tell you about Bob, does it?
No.
No.
But this might.
Now, the conspiracy talks about something called deviant sex.
To the conspiracy, deviant sex is anything except having, uh,
talking to a woman.
But it's not just about talking to a woman.
It's about having a baby in the missionary position.
That's the only thing we consider to be a sin.
Am I preaching right now?
Am I preaching right now?
That knew they were a dirty, rotten, hunk of stinking, sinful,
hunk of stinking, sinful flesh.
Dirty, rotten, hunk of stinking, sinful,
dirty, rotten, hunk of stinking, sinful,
hunk of stinking, sinful,
dirty, rotten, hunk of,
they were red as crimson, now they're white as wool.
Dirty, rotten, hunk of stinking, sinful flesh.
Oh, now that's hogwash.
Every person pulled his hair,
he-he-he-heir and clawed the ground.
This is a battlefield, sir.
This is no recreation room.
That's it. That's the great sin.
But, who wants to play Russian in that?
The next time that somebody wants you to go to bed with them,
with or without a gun,
you're packing on a load of revolver-reaching windows.
It'sライ,,,
It'sauce,
It'sauce,
It'sa halfway around
It'sa halfway around
You're going to bed with every other person that person has ever gone to bed with before in their life.
So just picture it,
as if you're all crawling into one bed together.
And, can you imagine having a bed with one person who's never been to the same bed before in their life?



