Hi everybody, nice to be back with you.
Well, first of all, I bring a personal message to Dr. Howell, who has asked me to convey
his deepest appreciation to all of you for the many sacrifices you have made.
And, of course, his congratulations on your discovery, which may well prove to be among
the most significant in the history of science.
Listen, Howell, there's never been any instance at all of a computer error occurring in a
9000 series, has there?
Of course I have.
Sorry about this.
I know it's a bit silly.
Just a moment.
Just a moment.
Yes.
It's puzzling.
How is old Bob?
Oh, he's doing good.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius.
Our old subgenius.
Watch me.
The major one, push me,
We'll be back here very soon.

Where's the tape? There it is.
Oh, there. Yes.
Yes, but all things shall pass, they say.
Oh, listen, you can hear the guard dogs.
Listen to that.
That's the sound of the new subgenius house.
It's scary, isn't it?
I suppose I should probably go see who's at the door.
Oh, the phone rang twice more since I went to the door.
Let's see.
What's some good background music here?
Friends, what an auspicious start to another show.
That was a little old lady at the door.
See, I've just moved into a new skyscraper studio here,
and there was no one else here but me
and the guard dogs.

And this little old lady was at the door,
and she went out.
I live with Miss Barry.
I live on the house I run behind the road there.
And we're trying to get speed bumps put in
because people just drive much too fast down that road there.
And the fire department says they need it for emergency use,
but there aren't that many emergencies.
And I thought, well, lady, you don't live my life.
But I...
So...
So she wanted to think about me all day long,
and I think you got that question as really good or wrong?
I had lost my
I had lost my
left over dress
and dress I had roll��
horrible old gray hair running halfway down my back and everything.
And then the phone rings some more, and then it was Palmer,
and then it was the editor from New York, and then it was my agent.
And friends, you know, tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow
creeps in this petty outer space from day to day
to the last tailed leader of recorded tapes.
And all our yesterfrops have lighted subgeniuses the way to bad breath.
Out, out brief flashlight batteries.
Life is but a walking shadow,
a poor pocket pool player who struts and frets his hour of slack
upon the airwaves and then is heard no more.
It is a rant yelled by idiots,
full of sound and fury,
signifying Dobbs.
Yes, welcome to the hour of slack, dear friends.
The voice of the church of the subgenius.
A celebration of peace, love, and understanding.
It just happens to take the form of pain, hate, and confusion
for this global village of the damned.
Oh, and it's also about slack and Bob.
Dear friends, yes, we mustn't forget those fine things,
lest we will be indeed the global village of the damned.
Copyright 1994, Paul Manbrides.
Yes, friends, this old show, this old show has been through many changes recently.
First, losing the station in Dallas,
and having to rebuild a down and dirty mini studio here at the home office.
And then we had to move the home office.
Oh, yeah.
The Subgenius Foundation Incorporated and Bulldada Time Control,
not to mention everything I personally own in this world,
and that includes a hell of a lot of comic books, friends,
has all been physically moved to new digs in another part of Dallas,
a new skyscraper.
And, friends, it's been hell.
And I don't mean no subgenius hell either.
Oh, that'd be a party.
Because we're not talking about a single bedroom efficiency
with flimsy modern aluminum furniture.
We're talking about a new home.
We're talking about countless heavy, massive antiques
upon which all our flimsy recording equipment is sitting.
Directly behind me as I sit here, seen on screen three,
is a 17-foot wall to ceiling, floor-to-ceiling wall, friends,
of tapes, videos, films, albums, CDs, Cats and Nine Tails.
We've got a new phone number, a new physical address.
Although market, friends,
our virtual address, the sacred P.O. box,
1403-06, in Dallas, Texas, 75214.
That, my friend, is eternal,
and shall ne'er change while Bob lives, and while I live.
But anyway, we had to put off producing the show for two weeks,
and I'm just lucky there's so much tape laying around here,
screaming and begging to be broadcast.
You can almost hear them.
They're in the background.
But, friends, we're in a new building, too.
And you know what that means?
That means that nothing works,
because it was made in America by union idiots,
and every single fixture sprang a leak,
even the electrical ones.
And it was like a Three Stooges comedy brought to life.
I mean, it really was.
But, you know, they say subgeniuses work best under pressure,
and, of course,
we always cause that incredible pressure to build up
by blowing everything off until the last minute.
And then, then, only then,
with total disaster breathing down our necks with its hot breath,
we perform magnificently, far beyond mere hume expectations.
It's the fear that amplifies the intelligence, friends.
It's the fight-or-flight syndrome.
Makes you 20 times smarter than normal, unless you're a human.
And then it's just pure panic.
Pure panic.
It's like my daughter's theory about the lucidity of the moment of death.
My little cute 13-year-old says that if you know you're about to die,
like the Mack truck is coming straight at you or whatever,
your brain automatically switches into a higher gear than it has ever been in before.
And not only is your whole life replayed in an instant, complete with smells,
but you also realize you suddenly,
for the first time, realize the perfect, foolproof, and most of all, extremely easy scheme
that would have saved the planet and made you a billionaire instantly.
But along with that, in those last microseconds of life,
comes the frustration of realizing how utterly obvious it should have been to you all along,
how stupid you were not to think of it.
Eh, too late now, though.
And what's worse, as Greedy's pointed out,
is that if you happen to live through it,
you forget.
Bummer, man.
Anyway, that's the way things are now.
No sooner did we move the entire church coffers and all the gear to a new place
and finally unpack and fix the disasters,
than I get a phone call this morning that basically says
that if I don't fly to San Francisco right now to ensure, no matter what,
that the new subgenius book, Revelation X, Final Layout,
will be done in two weeks, then we're cancelled. Period.
The project is cancelled.
That's right, that's how late we were.
So, it's easy, friends. I just have to drop everything else,
spend my life savings getting to the far-off cave of Paul Mavridis and Hal Robbins,
and help them finish a chapter a day, and do all the corrections,
and hand-carry the material to the publishers and newsletters,
and do the five overdue hour of slack radio shows before I leave.
So, this, dear friends, is the ultimate slack of subgenius horror, or something like that.
It's the hand that Dobbs dealt us.
Will we then be jokers? Or aces?
Or, more likely, just pull a black queen and explode?
Only the next time.
The next fourteen days will tell, so wish me luck in assembling today
two months' worth of tapes into five hours of slack between now and tomorrow, would you?
And send, after that, your prayers towards the bay
for me and Mavridis and Dr. Howell to somehow have the energy and brilliance
to finish what we started three long years ago before the conspiracy pulls the plug.
Leaving us with the greatest unpublished book in all history,
and a bill for twenty thousand dollars.
Amen.
Well, I guess, first let's go to outer space, friends, with lonesome cowboy Dave.
Yeah, I think we'll do that. That hardly takes any editing.
This was originally broadcast...
Whoa!
They're coming in again.
They're coming in again.
I can't believe this!
On top of moving, I have to deal with these!
Okay, this coming up was originally broadcast July on WCSB radio in Cleveland.
Swamp radio, the show of Chaz Smith and lonesome cowboy Dave.
I've been saving this stuff, friends, for just such an occasion.
Praise the god.
Father...
Father...
Father...
Father...
No kind of world for an old man no more.
Well, after this espousal, I can only wonder what kind of surgery you must have gone under
to get the pipe-like grin and also some of the weird brain fusions.
Oh, they tell me I was born... I'm not a joker, man, I'm an ace. I want you to understand that.
I can't understand the difference between the cards yet. I know I'm trying, but...
You're not a joker, man.
I'm not an ace neither. It's more like a quagmire I'm lost in.
It's just a splattering of 52 different numbers in the deck and I can't figure out which one to go with.
I thought I'd like to be a ten of clubs, but it turned out I was a ten of club foots.
Yeah, that'll get you out of Vietnam. That got me out of Vietnam.
Why did you want to go there?
I didn't want to go. I wanted to get out. Luckily, my ten clubs of feet did it.
So you can get out of Vietnam by having club feet?
Yeah, tell them. They're going to ship you off if you don't.
Just all you got to do is take your shoes off in front of the psychiatrist.
Well, I thought they were going to ship me off to one of those off-planet little spin containers.
Those little tuna fish cans.
Well, Vietnam is slang for Venus.
Oh, the capital city, Retz, right?
Yeah, and Iran is slang for Mars.
We say, oh, we're having a war with Iraq.
What that means is that's North Mars.
North Mars.
Or South Mars.
Well, I thought...
Iran is North Mars.
Vietnam, that was Venus, man.
The media tricks you into thinking that we're in this primitive 1990s technology when actually they're shipping people off all the time.
Well, there's slavery.
There's slavery.
It's like killing all the wars
There you go.
It was Tesla's brother and actually came up with the sport.
Oppenheimer and all those guys all went to the moon.
Oppenheimer went to the moon?
Yeah, they didn't, you know, the thing you saw in 1969 was a, that was fake.
You know, that was like they wanted to, they had run out of funds for their secret space program.
So they said, okay, let's tell them we're going to go to the moon for the first time.
So they made a big deal.
They didn't even really go.
I mean, they already had, they couldn't have shown that footage on, there's cities there.
There's cities on the moon?
Well, they're mostly underground, but I mean, you would, almost anywhere you go there, you see signs, you know, little smokestacks and stuff.
Can you get a good gyros there?
You know, I heard that some of these places that had been previously inhabited, that they just keep on repopulating them with new kinds of people.
There's always more where that last one came from.
People are considered cockroaches to these, the owners of these bases.
Well, what do they want the cockroaches to do there other than like bug them and get on top of the turntable or something?
Well, it's a farm.
It's a farm.
This is all a farm.
The whole solar system is a farm, Dave.
You're part of the, you're not one of the farmers.
You're one of the spuds or turnips that's being pwned.
I thought I made cheese.
You had once said that these are beings.
These farmers are too hideous to behold, that their faces are all squares and cockeyed angles, and if they were to come into this world and were...
You'd rip your face.





...your face apart in terror were you to behold one physically.
How do they make their way through the abyss?
Do they just blow themselves in there, or do they just like, have they always been...
There is no abyss to them.
It is all, they are in no space.
All things are touching.
They have cosmic consciousness, man.
There's some bad...
All the time.
...macky-fackies, I guess.
Yeah.
Well, we can't get away from them?
I mean...
Through Bob, you certainly may.
But only through Bob.
Only by, in fact, not merely through faith or slack in Bob, but through works.
Money, Dave, money.
That $30 is all important.
That makes the difference between those who Bob knows trust him and those that Bob doesn't even notice.
You can worship him all you want, but if he doesn't whiff your name on that check, then you're just another pink boy.
You're no better than the pink.
Now, remember, we are...
Sorry.
...a non-profit radio station.
Yeah, but Bob's a non-profit.
I bet you said that a thousand times.
That's the first time.
Well, that was the first time...
It's the first time it ever came up.
Well, I don't know if I feel like giving...
Again, we come back to, is your soul up?
Is your soul up, dear friends?
Soul up.
Or did you sell out?
Have you sold out?
I certainly hope not.
We're...
We've done our best to walk that tightrope ourselves.
Well, I just thought I'd take a break here from the swamp radio there from WCSB.
And just to experience this lovely music that Nenslo sent us.
A special tape compilation of background music.
Yes, background music that you'll be hearing.
You'll be hearing irritatingly over and over again in the future on these shows.
This particular piece, Nenslo calls...
Quote,
The Master Control Theme.
Parentheses.
Seriously.
Unparentheses.
Unquote.
Hmm.
Let's just listen for a while before we go back deep into outer space with Lonesome Cowboy Dave, shall we?
Yes.
Quote,
The Master Control Theme.
Listen to famine and the poke going round hell and everyone to breed.
Cause God don't think that we got enough folks making poop in the river, making poop in the stream.
Taking money from the folks spending on a fancy poker.
Oh daddy.
Oh daddy.
Oh mammy.
Oh mammy.
Oh pappy.
Oh mammy.
Oh grammy.
Oh grammy.
Daddy.
Daddy.
Mammy.
Mammy.
Pappy.
Pappy.
Crammy.
Crammy.
Everybody's talking about hell sometime.
There's a...
A pop hope special and Bob sings silver bells.
Walking in the fake snow.
Walking with a bimbo.
Wrapped in a furry coat.
Everybody's happy and there ain't no pussy jokes.
Oh daddy.
Oh daddy.
Oh mammy.
Oh mammy.
Oh pappy.
Oh pappy.
Oh grammy.
Oh grammy.
Daddy.
Daddy.
Mammy.
Mammy.
Pappy.
Pappy.
Pappy.
Pappy.
Pappy.
Everybody's wondering why the president's a dumb shit.
Talking like he's got a big skinny old fish.
Happy round in his skull and the fans get caught.
And he plodded the brain that's supposed to make the president know that he ain't supposed to go to Japan.
And vomit at the dinner table.
Make himself a damn fool.
Oh daddy.
Oh daddy.
Oh mammy.
Oh mammy.
Oh pappy.
Oh pappy.
Oh grammy.
Oh grammy.
Daddy.
Daddy.
Mammy.
Mammy.
Pappy.
Pappy.
Crammy.
Crammy.
Jimmerous.
Carrierous.
Oh daddy.
Jimmerous.
Carrierous.
Oh daddy.
Sleeping on the couch with a hound dog.
Silly.
Sleeping on the couch with a hound dog.
Silly.
Green tamaringo.
Tangle, tangle.
Ding, ding.
Green tamaringo.
Jammer, jackal.
Ding, ding.
Nigga named begotta.
Help me out.
Silly.
Oh daddy.
Oh daddy.
Oh mammy.
Oh mammy.
Oh mammy.
Oh pappy.
Oh grammy.
Oh grammy.
Daddy.
Daddy.
Mammy.
Mammy.
Mammy.
Daddy.
Mammy.
Mammy.
Mammy.
Mammy.
Mammy.
Mammy.
Mammy.
Mammy.
Pappy.




Oh mammy.
Mammy.

Pappy.



Mammy.
Mammy.

Pappy.
Mammy.
Mammy.
Mammy.
Mammy.
Mammy.
Mammy.

Oh, yes.
Dear friends, that was the amazing, truly amazing Joe Newman there from his tape Yodel and Sighton.
Oh, yes.
Joe Newman, our musical short derper, Seth.
Just amazing stuff.
And let's go back now into outer space with Lonesome Cowboy Dave and just see what happens here.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave
make out its veracity to check and to go through various biblical sources
and see if it indeed did indicate some sort of apocalypse coming in the year 1998.
Nostradamus said that from the sky would come the great king of Jacare,
or could it be perhaps pronounced Jokere, or could we stretch it that far?
He predicted Hitler.
Hitler, though he spelled it Hister.
But yet he said in 1999 from the sky would come the great king.
Edgar Cayce said that 1998 would be that time.
Would be Jacques Couture's time to come back from...
And Jacques Cousteau said that it would be 7 o'clock in the morning on July 5th.
Wearing pampers out on the broad Jamaican sea, staring scurvy.
People used to watch television and make peanut butter jelly sandwiches and leave other people alone.
That's Jacques Cousteau right now.
Yeah.
That was the meteor magnate, or the meteor man.
Is that the weatherman?
That's Peppy in the background. I'm home again. I'm dreaming. I think it's Peppy. Listen.
Wake up, Dave.
Peppy.
Wake up, Dave.
I stepped on Peppy.
It'll be okay. It'll be okay.
It's just a dream, Dave.
I never had no dog named Peppy.
Your friends are still here. Me, the Tin Linceman.
Tin Lizzy.
Yeah.
You're much fatter now.
I'm the cowardly lion here.
I'm the cowardly.
Yes.
Yes.
It was only a dream, that horrible, boring world of trucks and sidewalks.
And sausages.
It was just a terrible dream.
And fatal onions.
You've been here in Oz all along.
Oh, it's my... These flakes on my mouth, it's so dry. I've been here all along?
Yeah, you were just... You got knocked out.
Well, how the hell did I get knocked out?
When they dropped that house on your head.
Oh, I thought it was when I was arguing with that bitch.
You know what I mean.
Yeah.
Yeah.
God was...
Don't cry.
Don't cry.
Don't cry.

The problem was, you know, what the hell, she was giving me some stuff, so I might as well...
Oh, there.
Here it goes again.
Am I in there?
Boy, I think something's missing here now.
This looks like a little teeny tiny room.
Now, how the hell did I get in here?
We've been orbiting the whole time, Dave.
You're still in a little tuna can in space, remember?
It's going to be another nine months before we get on all the way over to Jupiter.
Yeah, but when do they hatch?
Do we get to get out before they hatch, or we got to wait?
Oh, you'll know when they're hatching.
I thought I'd be in some kind of hibernation chamber or something.
Well, but most people wake up for the last few seconds of their life as the thing is
bursting their chest open.
Well, what the hell are we doing this for, then?
Well, you signed up.
Yeah.
You signed up.
The contract is in the computer.
Well, I...
You thought the corporation was a great idea.
You said we should all climb into the little...
Little...
Little capsule, and we'd get paid.
By the time we got to Jupiter, we'd be paid a million bucks each, and sure enough, we
will.
It's just that it's our estate that gets it.
Yeah, but it's...
Because you didn't read the fine print, Dave, and now we're all stuck here with you for
another nine months.
Yeah.
I was never capable of reading a fine print.
I just...
And you just keep having these dreams and going off into fantasy land, thinking you're
back on Earth doing radio shows.
We have to keep nursing back.
Yeah.
And every time I have a dream, how come one of you guys changes?
Like I dreamed my wife was attacking me with a car, and next thing I know, out there I
was out in the side room, and some Russian was talking to me, and a woman was attacking
me with a car.
Somehow, I think you guys were involved in this.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And what are you keeping back there?
What's in that big box, anyway?
Well, that's our space hyena.
Well, what's the...
Rover.
And it's...
And the...
The scorpion rooster creature.
Excuse me.
That we picked up on Mars.
Well, how come we don't get to lick at him?
You can't lick him.
You can't lick him any time you want.
Remember what happened last time you licked him, though?
What, the eye socket thing?
Yeah.
Well...
It wasn't easy getting that scorpion rooster barb out of your eye socket.
Well, I thought you said that was another dream.
Give me a mirror.
I want to see if there's anything wrong with my eye socket, man.
Let me look in the monitor.
You can't look at your own eye, Dave.
Yes, you can.
If I look in the monitor, I can look at my own eye.
I'm not listening to you right now.
I'm not listening to you right now.

What the hell?
I have no eyes in there.
Why don't you calm down and take a stress pill, Dave?
I don't see what difference that's going to make.
Now, I'm looking in there and I'm not...
Am I hallucinating or something?
I have absolutely no eyeballs in my socket.
Now, this isn't what happened in the eye socket and before.
Usually just like ripped out a chunk of the side of my face.
You can't see your own eyes, Dave.
You can't run from your own legs.
Jayner told you that a long, long time ago.
Yeah, but you can't talk to your own voice.
You can't...
You can't swallow your own throat.
Well, now wait a minute.
If they pull one eye out, just before the optic nerve severs, that one eye just for
one second can look at the other eye.
Is that not subtle?
That's true.
If you pull it out, and we did this with Jayner, we pull it out just enough and turn it around.
You have to be very careful turning it.
One eye can actually be seeing the other eye, but that's not really the point.
The point is, say a one eye.
You can't see your own eye.
You can't see your own eye with that eye that's seeing.
You can see your other eye, but you can't see that your eye that is doing the seeing.
You can only see the other eye.
You can look in the mirror, but that doesn't count either.
This is all mere metaphysical...
You can't digest your own stomach, Dave.
Junk league and juxtaposition.
And you can't hide from Bob, because he's stupider than you.
I can't believe that.
No, it's true.
That's the miracle of it.
That's the beautiful thing.
That's why Bob hates you.
Well, I don't know...
Bob's the miracle whip.
I didn't want to lose that.
I didn't want to...
You can't hide from God because he's bigger than you.
Somebody...
You can't hide from God because he's bigger than the whole planet.
You can't hide from God because he's bigger than you.

You can't hide from God.
He's bigger than all the universe.
You can't hide from God because he's bigger than all infinity.
He's bigger than all reality.
Help me somebody.
You can't hide from God.
You can't hide from God in a reefer.
You can't hide from God in a glass of alcohol.
You can't hide from God in a see?
Because he's bigger than you.
You can't hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs because he's stupider than you are.
You can't hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs because he's got more black and white little dots
in his face than you do.
You can't hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs because he's stupider than you are.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, his face has been mimeographed and put up in more places than yours has.
You can't hide from God.
You can't hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs because more people worship him than worship you.
You can't hide from Dobbs because he's stupider than you are.
Who the hell is somebody?
You can't run from your own legs.
How are you going to run from your own legs?
Because if you run from your own legs, where are you going to run from them with?
If you use them to run, run from them with, where do you go run away?
Continue, J.R. Hypercleet's Doctors for Bob.
You can't swallow your own throat.
How are you going to swallow your own throat?
Because if you use your own throat to swallow it with, where are you going to swallow?
If you swallow your own throat, where are you going to use to swallow it with?
You can't swallow your own throat. You can't run from your own legs.
You can't hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs, who's stupid you are.
You can't hide from God, who's bigger than you, who's bigger than all infinity.
Help me, somebody.
She ain't got no legs. Pull the lever and down you go.
Preacher, my legs are on fire.
Need some help. Need some help. Praise Dobbs.
You can't digest your own stomach.
How you gonna digest your own stomach?
You can't digest your own stomach.
You can't swallow your own throat.
You can't run from your own legs.
You can't hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs, who's stupid you are.
You can't hide from God, who's bigger than you, who's bigger than all infinity.
If I feel like giving something...
Again, we come back to, is your soul up?
Is the magic light gone off?
But there is no up.
There is no up and down in that realm.
There's no up and down?
No, there is sideways, but only in one direction.
So it's not a world where we could use the spatula.
It's basically what we'd like.
No, it's very linear.
It's more like the needle.
You might be able to use the needle, but never the spatula.
The spatula is too three-dimensional.
Yes.
And the beach ball would be out of the question.
Yes, and also the inclement...
The angles are all wrong.
This is non-Euclidean geometry.
The geometries.
Jeez.
Just the frequencies of this broadcast are non-Euclidean.
But do they operate on a similar principle?
Is the wave magnetics involved in hearing our voices through this medium?
That's the only way.
That's the only thing that hears our voices in this medium.
So are they talking deep into the cervical clavichord
and beneath the subcutaneous matter?
Are they talking inside our subcutaneous matter?
Sure, but it's pointless.
Who cares?
It's just all going out into the void, Dave.
You're all alone.
This vast, huge universe spinning around in this little tuna can.
And thirty bucks.
Five years from now, you're gonna hit Alpha Centauri.
Yep.
You'll be the first man there, though, Dave.
It's a great honor.
I'll be the first tuna sandwich on Alpha Centauri.
You're not just some guinea pig.
You're not just some Russian dog that's been sent up in a Sputnik.
A guinea pig and a Russian dog.
Oh, you're a hero.
I got that. No, I'm sorry.
I'm a sandwich.
You're the vanguard of the human race.
Well, the subgenius race, anyway.
And if Lenny Riefenstahl were to make my film,
and to have me as the top tuna,
above all the rest, standing below there holding flags and everything,
and then I forgot the rest of it, too.
It'd be really good photography.
It would be great stuff.
I think we could all get uniforms and everything,
and forget Bob, and just there'd be a million of me.
Yeah, just be Dave.
Praise Dave.
Thousands and millions of them.
Praise Dave, that's right.
No individual personalities.
Just blend with everything.
Like in a big magic.
A massive mush pudding.
Tuna pudding.
They all start thinking that way
when they've been in the tuna can long enough.
When they've been spinning through the void for six months,
they start fantasizing that they're on Earth in a radio station,
taking over the world with the brilliance of their new discoveries.
It's still pretty hot and oily in here.
I don't know how much longer I can take it.
I suppose you haven't.
I just take off these Brazilian slippers here and relax for a while.
Maybe something will happen.
Maybe.
Maybe something will.
Just enjoy the stars going by outside the window.
Of course, they don't really seem to be moving.
We're not going fast enough.
It's not like Star Trek.
It's just the same.
And of course, that window has to be...
shielded completely.
The radiation, if you stuck your hand out there for a second,
it would burn your finger off.
If the vacuum didn't get you first, Dave.
But don't worry.
You know, we spent a lot of money on this capsule.
Well, just as long as I...
I guess as long as I'm protected in here, I can fantasize.
And you've got lots of tapes.
I hope you like mid-60s top 40.
You want to hear good vibrations again?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Remember that one Hendrix tape?
I think it was...
Oh, that was the one that got torn up.
That was the...
No, no.
That's the one you liked.
Yeah, the Mormon choir doing Hendrix's greatest hits.
You said you'd let me listen to that one again.
Can you just, like, put it up one more time?
Their version of Machine Gun was really original.
I never would have thought I could...
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir doing Machine Gun with just voices.
Boy, there's a lot you can do with a human voice.
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
It's a good thing his suit provides the medication
when he freaks out like that.
I don't know...
It feels better now, doesn't it?
Everything's computerized.
We've got Dave tucked in, tucked into his little space capsule,
this creaky chair, his self-medicating space suit.
Just me.
All the buttons in front of him and flashing lights are just props,
make him feel good, make him feel like he's in control.
Actually, he basically was shot out of a glorified blow gun,
along with about a thousand other people in Little Tin Can.
And we're just hoping that one or two of them
actually makes it to Alpha Centauri.
And we hope it's still there by the time they get there.
Carrying their little letters from J.R. Bob Dobbs
to the kings of any other inhabited planets they might fall onto.
We would have loved to have put you in suspended animation
for this five-year voyage, Dave, but...
The taxpayers would have had to pay for that.
The cruelty level would not...
The committee decided that you could just hack it out.
Tough it out.
Five years of black void sitting here in Orlando,
pretending to be blown out by a puffed-up dart gun.
You're here with us. The voice is inside your head, Dave.
You'll never be alone.
You can't even fall asleep.
Your suit will make sure of that.
Let's see now.
The first duchy of Poland was started in 1264
by a count from the Ukraine named Vladimir Ashbat.
Oh, gee, that's boring.
Oh, geez.
Oh, it's Winoma time in southern New Mexico.
The Winoma Indians are doing the...

the annual Akoma dance.
Let's see.
Oh, oh, there's a new wine bar in Cincinnati.
Now, don't forget you've got 90 channels of cable TV,
although we will admit there's no sound.
Yeah, but they're all like shopping channels,
and I don't have no money up here,
and you keep trying to get money out of me,
and...
Hey, wait a minute. You're a voice in my head, aren't I?
You're building up credits all the time back on Earth.
If you ever make it back,
you'll be a very rich man.
Yeah, I'm building up credits.
I'm building up credits all the time.
Of course, if you don't make it back,
they go into the J.R. Bob Dobbs Memorial Fund.
You'll be remembered very fondly
by those of us who had to stay back here on Earth,
talking to you by radio, Dave.
I'm kind of connected...
We wish we could be out there with you in the void,
carrying on the torch of humanity.
I can feel you.
Discovery.
The amazing sense of discovery you must feel.
We all here on Earth,
we all here on Earth envy you, Dave.
I can touch you back there.
I am...
I'm blown out here.
You signed up.
You wanted to go for the easy money, Dave.
Yeah, but...
You answered that classified ad in the paper.
Yeah, but they said...
Off-world farming.
Big future.
Big bucks while you sleep.
It doesn't sound like such a scam.
Off-world farming.
What could you possibly have to do but sleep?
Sea monkeys are going to be a big cash crop in the future, Dave,
for people on your new colonized planet.
Oh, my God.
I gotta check out the sea monkeys.
The sea monkeys were all bloated yesterday,
and I had to give them their estrogen tablets.
Let's see.
One, two, three, four, third, one, fourth, one.
This hammer is all disconnected here.
I hope the sea monkeys aren't dead, Dave.
They're your only source of nutrients.
Check them, check them, check the sea monkeys.
Pry this top off.
Oh, .
Sea monkeys are bloated again.
Are you an invalid?
Hey.
Who are you?
What?
Who are you?
You're a different voice in my head.
Are you one of the discarnated dead sea monkeys talking to me,
like the ghost of them?
You posted a WCS feed.
I'm supposed to tell you what I want to hear.
Hey, this is getting more realistic and lifelike.
There's like retarded people calling me up and talking in my head.
I doubt if we'll ever be able to resurrect these sea monkeys.
Look at this one.
It's sprouting a whole new head.
I wonder if it's going to be able to resurrect the sea monkeys.


I wonder if I mix this solution back in again.
Maybe some of them, they could take a spore from one of them and reclone the spore.
I'm going to just go take a nap and write a little report to the committee.
I'm telling you.
Bob?
Bob?
I haven't heard the voice of Bob.
Bob?
There's just something in the background there.
I can't make that voice out.
I can't make that voice out.
Well, the only thing for me to do on this shift is, well, I got to remember to call the bathroom.
And I got to remember to eat that stuff they call food.
I could work out again.
Yeah, what's that?
I'll go read some more technical manuals.
Take on some more stuff on the monitor.
Hell with that.
I'll try on this Mr. Peanut suit.
Yeah, this thing's been laying around for weeks and I haven't had any fun with that.
He's hallucinating the peanut suit again.
You'll have to make note of that.
Tell the psychiatrist.
When I was little, Mr. Peanut used to come to all the fairs.
And he'd pass out donuts and give favors to the kids and bags of peanuts, of course.
I love that monocled eye.
You know what's funny?
All of those volunteer, quote, astronauts, unquote, start imagining the peanut suit.
Something about Mr. Peanut.
Do you suppose the Russians had something to do with that?
Could they have breached security and implanted the Mr. Peanut fantasy?
Hello, boys and girls.
Hello, little fella.
Look, he thinks he's Mr. Peanut again.
Here for a bag of peanut pits.
I'm Mr. Peanut.
And if it's not Mr. Peanut, it's Reddy Kilowatt.
My mom and dad, they enjoyed the opening of the 7-Eleven.
Remember, it's a child-flaming corporation.
It's kind of sad in a way.
Oh, boy.
I'm taller than all the other Mr. Peanut men.
This is a very, very big, important convention of Mr. Peanut men.
I think I'm standing...
Do you suppose his suit is over-medicating him?
It's possible.
I wonder if I'd stand up even taller if I would stand up much more from the rest of the world.
But why old advertising figures?
I mean, Mr. Peanut's not even used anymore in marketing, I don't think.
It's something from his past.
Yes, they're comforting things.
Oh, Mr. Potato Head.
One of the people on the way to Proxima Regulus were all turned into Mr. Potato Head.
Around the six-month mark, just like him.
We'll have to remember that.
Yes, we'll make a note of it.
We'll have to tell the psychology department.
Oh, now I'm blonde, Mr. Potato Head.
And now I've got red hair.
We ought to tell the cruelty department, too.
They can start implanting evil Mr. Potato Head and evil Mr. Peanuts.
I no wonder they gave me a shriveled-up Mr. Potato Head.
Because now I can scare the children.
I like this mask.
Oh!
Mr. Tuber costume.
It's the big sweet potato head.
Oh, I love this one the best.
It's carved out in the middle.
Do you suppose he has any inkling that all of his silly antics are being broadcast to all the people on Earth?
Oh, I don't think so.
On the crazy astronaut channel?
He's fully lost.
Hey, if somebody was on the show,
he'd be watching the show.
One of these days he's going to switch through those channels
and he's going to come upon the channel with him on it.
Oh, man.
I might as well look at the box for a while.
This is getting boring.
Dave, your gyros need stabilizing.
Dave, check your computer.
Your gyro, your, your, your, your spinning.
You're in a spin, Dave.
Whose voice is this?
Stabilize the gyros.
Is this a real voice or is this a real voice?
Turn up the oxygen switch.
Oh, I get lightheaded in here.
Reach for the oxygen switch, Dave.
I'll think I'll turn on the oxygen switch.
Oh, there, he did it.
At least he thought it was the oxygen switch.
What's wrong with switching?
Just green stuff going on.
Good, he needed a good washing.
Oh, my God.
They always panic when the suit fills up with the cleansing fluid.
My kneecaps are so shiny.
Right up to their nostrils.
Oh, my God.
It's like he doesn't...
Church air switch.
My hands are clean.
My face is clean.
Hello. Hello, Dave.
Feeling better now, Dave?
Feeling better now, Dave?
What?
Everything I say itches.
No, no, no, we're not doing that, it says.
Well...
It's just...
It's just us, Dave.
The voices in your head.
We didn't want you to be alone.
I bet I could write a whole symphony on these hollow potato.
That would be something to do for five years.
We'd sit around going mad.
It's that all time to do.
There have been great symphonies written about hollow potatoes, Dave.
Why don't you try it?
It'll keep you busy for a month or so.
Yeah, why don't I try it?
I could, like, make thousands and thousands of little holes,
like some sort of chromatic key.
I could just get a little...
Dave, the cat's loose in the spaceship.
So let me check the motor for...
It seems a little...
The cat's loose.
Damn cat.
It's crawling all over all those...
You'd better catch that cat, Dave.
It's walking across the control panel.
It's right near the control panel.
You're going into a spin again.
You're destabilizing.
Oh, my God.
I'm gonna destabilize.
This thing's gonna start flipping.
If I don't get down there right away...
Ginger.
Ginger.
Ginger.
Oh, good, look.
Princess Wee the cat's mutated.
Just as we were hoping.
What the hell is this?
He let it wander into the cargo hold where it was exposed.
What is that?
Ginger?
Is that you?
Jeez.
What the hell is this slime all over your neck?
What you getting into?
Just let me get a little closer, okay?
What's wrong?
Try to make friends with it, Dave.
I'll try and make friends with it.
Try to make friends with...
With Ginger.
Yeah, Ginger was always a nice little kitty.
It's just sick or something.
I'll make friends.
I'll pet it and take it back out of here.
Ginger?
No.
Now settle down, Dave.
Try to communicate with it.
It's a new form of life.
No one's ever seen a cat spider before.
It could teach us things.
Oh, my God.
Think what it could mean to science.
What is it?
Go on in there, Dave.
Can I get rid of the...
Go on back into that cargo hold with that giant mutated cat spider.
If I could just talk to her, maybe.
It's got to be intelligent if it's mutated this far.
It maybe has something to tell me.
A little kitty or whatever the hell you are now.
What the hell's up?
What's up?
Oh, it just needs to be comforted, Dave.
Your music soothes the savage beast.
Why don't you put on some music?
Oh, Ginger, I was going to play a little song for you.
Maybe you should put out some milk for it.
A little tray of milk.
I was wondering...
Be careful now.
Don't let it get hurt.
You know, its blood can burn a hole directly through the spaceship hole.
It would create a terrible vacuum and suck you out into space like toothpaste.
It would make you look like toothpaste out of a tube.
It looks like you're going for it, man.
And whatever you do, don't let any harm come to Ginger.
The War Department is very interested in your little tabby.
I don't think we can deal with this right now.
I think we should just get out of here and close the door.
The War Department don't want to...
And we'll be back to the lonesome cowboy Dave flipping out in outer space channel.
After these words from our controller.
Cue up the... cue up the controller tape.
Dealing with overpopulation involves more than birth control.
That idea will take center stage at an upcoming conference in Egypt.
I'm Steve Pomplin for Earthwatch Radio.
I say kill them all, let God sort them out.
I say send them back to Earth.

Look, man.
I'm into the voluntary human extinction movement.
I say let them eat green cheese.
Let them eat green cheese and let the cat sort them out.
Let the mutated spider cat.
I said exterminate all these funky monsters.
Everything's peeled off and stealing.
Stop the whole genetic theory.
Stop it. Stop it.
I'm really into it.
Is there any coffee on this spaceship?
Now come on, Dave.
I know you got some of that whiskey stashed somewhere.
Back with the bio samples from Mars.
The samples are stuck in my hollow.
I'm coming up.
I'm going to the Magikarp.
I'm going to go back to when you came.
And I want you to just have a dream.
We can't understand a word you're saying, Dave.
I'm a cyropussy, that's for sure.
That's what the...
That's good, man.
I think you got things looking good, Dad.
He's lost in space, friends.
It's sad.
Sometimes.
But it's part of the risks these astronauts take.
Thank God cremora don't make you sleepy like some of the other ones do.
Well, at 1 o'clock, your suit will put you to sleep.
I'm waiting. I'm waiting.
I'm waiting for my suit to put me to sleep.
Over the last five and a half hours, my suit has enthralled me.
My suit has put me to sleep and waked me up again.
My suit fed me.
My suit evacuated my bowels.
My suit lulled me into a false sense of security.
It's comforting.
My suit talked to me.
My suit made me feel very insecure.
My suit...
My suit expanded and contracted a few times.
I didn't understand what that was about.
It was punishing you, Dave.
The suit punishes.
The suit punishes and the suit rewards.
The suit rewards you, Dave.
My world is in the suit.
This is my entire world.
The suit is your friend.
It's a nurturing cocoon.
Oh, look at the cut of my socks.
This is the kind of seasoning that would make any, any young man in America jealous as hell.
I'm a true hero.
Wearing this suit made me a hero.
I'm proud of it.
I'm glad I signed up now.
I think my suit's filling me with pride.
Oh, dee do, dee do, dee do.
I'm afraid that's not pride, Dave.
You shouldn't have eaten those freeze-dried beans this morning.
They just had a little fuzz on them.
I didn't see nothing wrong with those beans.
Yeah, your suit may be filling up with a lot more than mere pride.
Oh, there you go.
He's using the zero-gravity toilet again.
Oh, boy, this is kind of a...
Whoopee!
Oh, no, he left the flap open.
Look, the stuff is floating around inside the cabin now.
It's coating the windows.
I can't catch that stuff.
Oh, on the window.
Way to go, Dave.
Smooth move.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Well, now the emergency lights have gone off.
Oh, activate the cleaning unit, please.
Little robots have to come out and clean up after you again, Dave.
Activate the cleaning unit, please.
Hello?
Activate the cleaning unit.
The suit's going to have to punish you again, Dave.
Hello?
I need a clean-up on the front window.
Oh, shh, shh.
The thing's going to be stuck there for weeks now.
Of course, in this vacuum, it's going to be a little bit more.
The vacuum's atmosphere won't smell much, I don't suppose.
Yeah, just don't take your helmet off.
I wonder what would happen if I took my helmet off.
I never tried it.
No, don't do that, Dave.
Wait a minute.
Maybe something might...
I don't know, maybe...
This is not a pressurized cabin.
Might not be such a good idea after all.
Fiddle around with these.
Oh, look, he's trying to light a cigarette again.
He can't get it up to his lips.
He just steps through that helmet.
That must be the 5,000th time he's done that.
16 cartons of luggage and I can't smoke a damn cigarette.
It was a brilliant move on the part of the psychology department
to put that no smoking sign blinking in there
and those 20 cartons of cigarettes that...
keeps up the sort of tension that keeps the astronauts...
Oddly enough, it keeps them mentally healthy.
You know, it's so alone out here.
I got my own guitar.
Lucille, you've been with me through thick and thin.
Can't smoke, can't really eat a good meal,
but I can still sing a song.
I think I'll sing a song about my intergalactic exploits.
Scott can't even hardly touch these fragile, these big mitts on.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.


I could see it right now.
I could be like the Woody Guthrie of Alpha Centauri.
You'll be the only musician in the whole star system, Dave.
Of course, yeah.
I'll be the only musician in the whole star system.
You'll be the only music fan in the whole star system.
Ken, my head will be shaped like a gigantic fan,
like one of those Komodo dragons,
or what do they call them, monitor lizards,
when they get mad.
Good, we've got him doing stream of consciousness again.
That should keep him amused for a few more days.
I wonder if they've got a reefer on Alpha Centauri.
I wonder if they've got hot like earth-type babes on Alpha Centauri.
The suit is your girlfriend, Dave.
It's clamping down.
It's constricting.
It's tightening up.
It's form-fitting, isn't it?
Oh, I didn't know this suit.
I could do this.
What the heck is going on?
All right, that's enough.
Turn off that function of the suit.
Now let's make him exercise.
Put the suit in exercise mode.
There we go.
He's plumping up and down.
He's flopping.
My knee joint's going out again.
What the hell is this music?
And some good aerobicized music.
We must keep our astronauts in good shape.
He's come to resist calisthenics and jumping jacks at this time of the morning.
It'll be five years of this if he's lucky.
Oh, man, I can't do this for five years.
I can't do this for another minute longer.
If he doesn't happen to hit one of the planets, if there are any, in the Alpha Centauri system,
then he'll just have to go on to the next star system 20 years past that.
But you'll probably hit a planet, some sort of a planet, or a moon, or something.
Some asteroid or something.
Some body of rock floating around in space.
Think of the romantic cartoon man on a desert island with nothing but one palm tree and a shark swimming around.
Yeah.
That romantic fantasy will be yours.
Yeah.
Only high-tech style, Dave.
I'm a high-tech style romantic hero figure.
Abandoned on a distant moon.
Cast into space like some piece of effluvio on the sea.
Someday I'll be home.
Someday I'll touch the shore.
A distant shore somewhere.
Much longer of a wait.
I'll get there someday.
If you get bored, Dave, you can always just put a note in a bottle and send it out into the radio waves.
Like you've just done for the last two hours.
This has been ESO Radio.
I'm WCSB Cleveland with my guest, lonesome cowboy Dave,
the Reverend Ivan Stang,
and the Princess, Rhi Ardo.
My name is Chaz, and I'll see you all next week.
Yay for Chaz.
He's the mix master.
And the mix boss.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
Grrrr!
Grrrr!
Grrrr!
Grrrr!
Well, then...
Dennis locked me in this little box.
I can't feel anything.
I can't see anything.
It's totally black.
I have no sensation in my hands.
I don't know if I'm moving or what.
I'm just in this little box.
He said I could talk to you.
He said you know what to do if you wanted to help me.
Oh, good, happy Feet-a-Well-man.
I promise I'll pay you all the royalties that I didn't tell you about.
And whatever you want.
I mean, anything.
Te-te-te-te-tevis.
You can have tevis.
Just get me out of this box, Wellman.
Please don't.
No.
Don't believe what Paul told you.
It's all a lie.
It's all a lie.
Whatever I did, I-I-I...
