I'll give that number again.
Post office box.
1-8-1-4-1-7.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
Yeah, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Well, we're going back in time again tonight to the year.
I don't even know what year this would be.
This is so ancient of a rerun of a show.
No, it's labeled Hour of Slack number 177.
That would make it a little more than three years after we started in, I believe, 1985.
So could this actually be that old?
Before the 90s?
Anyway, friends, yes, this is it.
A visit back in time.
To a day when there was a different kind of slack.
Among we, the upright primates.
Called the Yatinsini.
Rocketing away now, dear friends.
Out of normal.
Time.
And into showtime.
With your hideous horror hosts.
Willadobs.
Reverend Ivan Stang.
Hal Robbins.
Puzzling evidence.
Lies.
Your broke friend.
Dr. Froth.
Drum and all that horribleness.
Oh, no.
Wait.
And man has always peered fearfully into his own future.
But.
Ah.
I think we've got no legs.
Me neither.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius.
Power of Slack.
What?
And actually, about what?
This is a funny movie, aren't you?


Oh yes, dear friends.
This is Li Li-Cheng-e
And you are listening to the hour of Slack.
Remember, Bob is the comrade of all people.
Here, a China.
Just like in America.
The people need water.
In Chinese, we called thechemistry.

like looking back but it must be true slack not the best lack of the
conspiracy please Bob help me somebody
right in vain is right
they dug up the skulls the other day the skull farmers in Russia did dug up the
skull of Anastasia
and the Tsar my ancestors you don't know what staying really stands for do you
it's a sad thing man I read the paper I was gonna do a show about Russian
history tonight but instead
instead I had to get the taxes in you know there's three things as they say
in that old song and old-timey song death taxes and Bob undid it though I did
it tonight in fact got my form 1040 schedules a and B schedule C D E and S E
and schedule eight five nine two plus complete corporate forms for the church
at subgenius and can you imagine what it's like trying to do taxes for the
Church of the subgenius the world's first industrial Church the world's first Mondaitana church it's a great struggle people do taxes for the church of the subgeniu
One true church that's ready to pay its taxes because it doesn't think that you ought to have to subsidize religions you might not believe in.
Huh?
I go into the tax office and they say,
Well, what is it you do, Mr. Stang?
I say, well, I'm just an old skull farmer.
You know, been out farming skulls.
My business kind of depends on the weather more than anything else.
Of course, it is a lot of work.
You got to put a fair amount of work in there.
You got to fertilize them.
That ain't easy.
I mean, you got to get right down there in the furrow.
You know, the furrow, my friend, and make physical love to the dirt and fertilize them skulls and hope for a good crop.
You know, not to mention at the beginning of the season, you know, sowing all them children of the hydra's teeth.
You got to throw them teeth out there.
You got to get them things going.
It's, you know, it's tough, man, trying to explain this to them.
They don't get it.
Well, is this a, you know, a two-person partnership or is this a corporation?
Oh, listen to that.
Just when I go, argh.
Come on, Jimmy.
I didn't even have to touch it.
Just.
Man, that's what mental hate will do for you.
Yep.
Yep.
I don't mind paying taxes for schools and highways and the poor and the homeless, the crippled, thermonuclear weapons, oil spill cleanups, lazy dips who'd rather vegetate on welfare than work.
I don't mind, you know, arming the Contras secretly.
Nah, no big deal.
Paying the governor's mansion.
Stocking the wildlife commissioner's personal hunting range with endangered species.
Nah.
I don't mind.
I don't mind any of that, really.
I just hate the paperwork.
Figuring out how much the Stang family owes the Dallas commune, the Texas commune, the federal commune.
That's no big deal now that we're communists and the Russians are capitalists.
Hey.
Hey, do you think I'm confused?
No!
I've got it straight.
I pay for the oil companies to clean up the environment and I pay for their oil.
Do it.
Do I hold a grudge?
No, not me.
I'm beat, man.
I'm beat from doing taxes, friends.
I'm a dead man.
I'm a dead man.
Just call me old skeleton face Stang.
I wanted to talk about the Russian revolution, but I was too worn out from fulfilling my duties to the capitalist state to do it.
I could have defeated the Bolsheviks, but instead...
I had to pay taxes.
Yep, I might have helped turn the Soviets into a democracy instead of a...
I mean, it ended the arms race, but I had to do taxes instead for five days or America would have killed me.
Yeah.
Oh, can you translate what those whales are saying?
I have to pay taxes.
How much tax do I have to pay for this oil on my...
on my...
um...
baleen, sir?
To clean...
Can I get a dentist to clean my baleen?
Doctor?
But I'll tell you what, friends.
I believe in America.
I believe America could be the greatest nation that has ever walked this earth.
I believe America could be the greatest nation that has ever walked this earth.

I believe America could be the greatest nation that has ever walked this earth.
Yes, America, or in scientific terms, Brontotherium amerigo, was the largest land mammal known in the annals of history.
Although technically not a carnivore, the great America was able to use its thermonucleotops, or magic horns,
to rend and tear the flesh of both its vicious foes and, during mating season, members of its own species.
This rough beast slouching its way towards Bethlehem, this Beelzebush, consumed over 87 times its own weight daily,
and excreted 107 times that into its own environment.
Experts theorized that it had to spend months and months in the wild to get to the bottom of the ocean.
Experts theorized that it had to spend months and months in the wild to get to the bottom of the ocean.
Most of its time afloat in its own fecal sea in order to prevent its bones being pulverized by its own enormous bulk.
Most of its time afloat in its own fecal sea in order to prevent its bones being pulverized by its own enormous bulk.
Thus it wallowed complacently in the primeval seas, never guessing that it soon faced extinction at the hands of parasites,
tiny bacteria, bred from the endless, smoldering heaps of its own refuse.

It is said that nuclear fusion could occur at room temperature within the vast gullet of this behemoth.
They live and, uh, uh, uh...
I don't have to. Other eyes are watching you beside me. Many other eyes.
Countdown for blastoff. X minus 5, 4, 3, 2, X minus 1, fire.
From the far horizons of the unknown come tales of new dimensions in time and space.
These are stories of the future.
Adventures in which you'll live in a million could be years on a thousand maybe worlds.
The National Broadcasting Company, in cooperation with Galaxy Science Fiction Magazine, presents...
I know many strange tales hidden in the hearts of men and women who have stepped into the shadows.
Yes, I know the nameless terrors of which they dare not speak.
This is your host to welcome you in through the squeaking door to another half hour of horror.
Come in, won't you? Sit down.
Yes, come on in, won't you?
Yeah, we don't care.
You can do whatever you want in here. You're in the hour of slack now.
Yes.
The voice of the church of the subgenius.
Yes, bringing you the wisdom of our guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs, over the airwaves.
Yes, dear friends, this is your horror host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Continuing.
As best I can, considering to bring you the word of that man Bob, that great salesman of eternity.
That man who, if I do have to pay my taxes, at least makes sure that he himself gets a cut from the corrupt congressmen, IRS officials, and computers with whom he has had numerous...
adventures of sexual congress. Thank you.
This is a scorched-ear policy. Scorched-ear policy, dear friends.
Oh, I'll take that back.
There's no way we're going to be able to do anything without a policy of that kind.
Okay.
But, you know, at the same time, the United States will protect you if you don't.
And that's what they ask us to do, is not to.
They ask us, don't, please. Just don't.
Whatever it is you're doing, don't.
Just settle down, have a good time, build up your immunity system, and just don't.
I mean, that's all there is to it.
No problem there, is there?
Well, you know, the problem...
There is a problem. There is a problem there,
and that is that they won't stop the other shows from getting in.
Our airwaves are constantly being invaded by a yellow horde.
Yes, a yellow horde from another galaxy.
The galaxy in Berkeley, California, whence cometh the KPFA.
The KPFA, hour of anti-slack.
I think I hear them coming in.
It's funny, it's hard to know what's funny right now.
I am doing the show, but it's in a trance.
It's really wonderful to listen to the shows later,
because, you know, there's the show, like your show.
You just go in, you walk into the studio,
you put on the show suit, and you become the show.
And that's easy, because there are so many times of doing it.
It's not quite like the...
I don't know, you don't have to think very...
very much, but the fun of the show is thinking,
yes, yes indeedy-boo.
Herbert Walker Bush, presidential private eye.
What a guy.
He'll figure out the problem.
And their answers before 6 a.m.
When, of course, the show was full of its tents
and steel across the desert, back to Libya, where it came from.
Several people reported seeing a kangaroo
about five feet tall hopping through cornfields.
People hesitated to report the sighting,
flying around the entregue of the Kangaroos,
which increased track record numbers at 25 in default.
In 2010 and 2015, race had
surpassed 2.6 million adesso on the 우리�biornung
welcome shortschampionship chart.
His amazing meters as they may have appeared
in the Forbes ranking net since Delmati'sいる
watch-list, the most nightly shows Начопасing Im班 Van Just Chicken.
let's see what this caller has to say.
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
Now the show staff is wrestling
with the various responsibilities of the show.
It seemed that, uh...
Well, uh...
Hey, hey, like, uh...
Makes me feel all warm and cool and casual all over, eh?
Okay, take part in the show.
8-4-8-4-4-2-5.
I won't eat until you call.
We're down here at the show doing our regular thing.
Isn't it funny?
Yeah.
Makes you want to dance.
And now we're going to plug in some...
Yeah.
With millions of people barreling along our highways each day,
it is not unexpected that driving unknowns...
Hello? Hello?
...are becoming more and more common.
Hello?
Is my dub set pizza ready?
Hello?
Dub set pizza?
Yeah, it's, uh, it's coming out now.
And it's looking all over everything.
It makes me want to pee.
I thought it makes me want to squat your bob.
Hold it, man, for God's sake.
No, but I got a great big bob in my pants.
Bob somewhere else.
This is a private function.
That's right.
I'm about to...
It's around the corner and to the left.
So I put my microphone near the toilet bowl
before I do the final recording?
Don't worry, son.
You'll leave your mark on the subgenius show.
I put a little mark on the outside of the door
with some Dubrowfram juice.
Well, I'd love to press button B
on the blazing, shining B-board,
but I'm afraid of cutting off
some important connection or conduit.
Go ahead.
Don't be afraid.
Bob will tell you which button to push.
Is it all right?
No.
Well, which way to go here on the future?
It's only a matter of time
before the future becomes
the unpleasant present.
Push the fast-forward button
and that way the dog's head feeds
will heat up a little quicker.
Oh, there we go.
Fast-forward.
Well...
Look at it.
It's really going fast now.
Yeah.
And that's Glass Madness.
It's not suddenly
running clear.
Call her home.
Glass Madness is used to it.
He can write a fucking show.
I'm on the fucking show
and I wish the fucking show
would get off my fucking phone.
I don't think I care
for that kind of language.
Well, that's...
I fail to see the humor.
Yes, sir.
You mount that telephone
and you'll...
I am brighter than a thousand suns.
My humble eyeballs have melted.
Humble eyeballs?
Put the eyeballs on the dog's head pizza.
It must be 5.20 in the morning.
A British case received considerable publicity
when a driver reported
that his headlight suddenly seemed to bend
into a nearby...
at a spot where several strange accidents
had occurred previously.
I hate that when that happens.
Light can be bent
by a powerful gravitational force


but a force strong enough
to bend a light beam
would certainly be strong enough
to be felt by the driver
and it would certainly
pull the car itself off the road.
Oh, it's just another trick with glass.
They used funny lenses.
A blinding saucer had been seen
in the neighborhood
briefly before the incident.
Really?
Pilots who have survived
harrowing experiences
in the famous Bermuda Shorts Triangle...

Golly.
...and reported that their radios
and instruments went haywire.
They felt physically
and mentally disoriented.
Clues pointing to electromagnetic pollution.
Yeah.
But since there are no relay towers
or radar sets in the Atlantic,
what could be the source?
Got any ideas?
Sure.
Dobbshead pizzas, man.
If you get them in between your radio
and your telephone,
all of a sudden the light beams start bending.
And I hate that when that happens
because I can't read anymore.
According to reports,
the intake engines of the jet aircraft
were clogged with the floating Dobbshead pizzas,
which caused so many crashes
in this mysterious quadrant of the Atlantic.
Absolutely.
I could confirm that.
If you saw the gorilla in my car...
Yeah, I still got a pizza ass.
Gorilla of my dreams, I love you.
Uh, gorilla of my mist.
Ah, yes, you missed that one.
I think we all missed there.
Yeah.
We missed by a mile.
But we know that beams of energy
on all frequencies
are constantly bathing the Earth from space.
Did you say beams of energy?
Beams of energy.
Oh, like Boston beans.
Beams trapped or weakened
by the Van Allen Space System.
The Van Allen belt,
which fell around the Van Allen ankles
when the Van Allen pants fell down.
Yes, that's because the Van Allen waist
was much too big.
Some of these beams get through our atmosphere
and sweep over our planet
in much the same way that our radar beams
have explored Venus and Mars.
You say that the beams replace your penis?
Could it be that someone on some distant world
is examining your happiness with radar?
Oh.
And occasionally,
a human is caught in one of their probes.
He becomes unhappy,
drives his car off a cliff,
or dives his plane into the ocean.
Or by a paper snake.
Paper snake, one dollar.
Scare somebody, make you happy.
Scare somebody.
Don't worry, be happy.
Eviscerate the tigers.
I've got a question, though.
How come there's little plastic argument
everywhere in my house
and all in my refrigerator?
How come there's...
Shoot them.
Use that AK-47 to shoot them.
Have you looked in the freezer?
Yeah, they're in there, too.
They're everywhere.








They're all around you, but hang tough.
Your wife loves you, so please.
Semper fi.
I think...
Here comes a little custard.
Plastic soldier guy.
He's wading through the custard.
I think puzzling evidence put them there.
Yeah, that could be.
I've got puzzling evidence.
Use my AK-47.
It's all over my gun.
Disguised as a...
Tack-a-tack-a-boom.
Disguised as a regular TV repairman,
that is to say, a refrigerator repairman,
or whatever,
he made his way into the house
and fluffed the refrigerator
with tiny plastic statuettes.
I'm sorry.






My gun says,
Plastic soldier guy.
Puzzling evidence on the outside.
It says,
Slack all over the handle.
I don't know what it means.
He left spray-painted graffiti
ruining the interior of the house.
Slack-blah.
Slack-blah.
He painted Slack all over the interior.
One of those groups.
I know that one.
Exploring priceless hangings and curtains.
It's Slack-blah.
B-L-A-H.
Yes.
It's Slack-blah.
Hinkley Brough then proceeded to the second floor
where he slept in three separate beds.
The first one was too hard.
The second one was too hard.
The second one was too hard.



The third one had chicken bones in it.
I'm going to need Stang's couch.
Yes, and he slept on that couch
for a night and a day.
Huge thorns and briars grew around the house
so no one could get through.
And they couldn't deliver the dolls that pizza
so that the radar beans couldn't get out of the garbage disposal
and everything clogged up.
It was really bad.
The years went by and became centuries,
but the subgenius machinery continued to broadcast.
We were going to be able to get the dolly out of the house






even though no one was on the air.
Only the multi-index memory bank,
itself so highly organized by a bank of synchronized computers
that its complexity almost approaches intelligence,
managed to fabricate a show which is the subgenius show
you hear these days.
A collection and compendium of tapes mimicking,
though some still prefer to say duplicating,
the famous previous years of subgenius.
I'm going to get the dolly out of the house.
I'm going to identify the...
Did you order a butt crumbs in it?
Mutants.
Awesome.
Totally awesome.
I will have some sea bass on that pizza and...
And squid.
Yeah, squidly diddly.
I'll put it on there.
Is there a caller on line two?
And plenty of parmesan cheese.
Yes, there is, but we hate to lose you,
oh, favorite one.
We have another caller on line three.
Hello, this is Radio View's hotline.
What the hell do you want now?
Stop abusing your privacy.





Radio, radio, it's time to blow up glass.
Hello, you're on the air.
I like the part down in this town.
I like the part down in this town.



Hick Dominica Honda sock to boom lady yoohoo.
Eeky weekey goo goo ga ha.
Ching chang walla walla bing bang.
Oo ee oo ah ah.
La bae bae da maa taun to sue la tablet to man o' flow.
Now I must talk to him.
Oo ee la sa do baan.
Oh, bae baam baam to maa ooo.




What in the sky am I riding on?
Bad ass ass ass ronnya.
Oh, they ain't impossible to fit on a cart,
not at least kinda.
Who ought to write.
yellow brown and red this snail is flocked and blacked fuzzy not slimy
yes come with us now millions of miles into space to the planet of the snails
science fiction theater being stranger than you can imagine
oh
travels at an enormous rate through the black
inky
gulf of space which brings me to the subject of the speed of light 186 000 miles per second
so what slows it down it's a relativistic speed son and other relativistic speeds may be possible
all we know occurs in our little pocket of space but outside these rural precincts a mysterious
universe exists of unbelievable complexity a complexity so great it is indiscriminate from
a gigantic intelligence
a malevolent
wise
biding its time
nobody hatching its plots and plans against us
oh yes my friends i know they lurk behind our furniture ready to pounce out they are the furniture i've seen them haven't you
hello i'm a chair
i'm afraid we have to yield to the chair
uh well we won't have to yield to the chair let's just blow the chair up
the chair recognizes the floor
up!
that was the last thing he ever recognized
and i've been constipated for about five years
he confiscated his pet turtle and his slingshot and it's in miss dipple's desk
and i had a big gulp from the seventh level
well throw a towel over it
and i shut it down
here we don't want to hear your personal adventures
but the third thing was the 25 cent discount
who was that?
uh who was that?
i don't know
i don't know
i don't know
sorry no discounts available
no dimes huh
but 30 cents ago i
our fathers brought forth upon this content
and 25 cents discount
conceived being liverton
otherwise i'm gonna have regrets all the rest of my life
and predicated on the suppository that all men char deflated evil
but my overall point was
well the gist of it
i mean in summary
now we are betrayed by a great simple force
but the last
determining whether this nation
or carry nation
shall slong endure
but the towel
you know i don't have any clean towels left after seven years
we here met on a butterfield of this war
beep
beep
i'll be in an angry gray essay
and say
we cannot concentrate
we cannot follow this
crawl
this tin can living and dead
will long forget what we stew here
they will not long forget what we ate here
i wonder what happened here a long time ago
yeah
radioactive martian city definitely doesn't really matter just a bunch of
dead guys yeah they're piled up in here
more dead guys
i think the whole thing's unsanitary and unsavory
i like this show
we're left over from the revolutionary war
wicked indeed
you wicker man
i'm gonna take the wicker man out
yeah there they go
like i
just by pushing buttons i can have a hundred things going at once
it's just amazing
and we get all these people calling in going
this is the first time i ever listen to this show
what are you guys doing
what kind of a show is this
well dear friends
this is the show about bob yes
the first mate of our great ship uh and hey you know what they mean by first
mate
well yeah first mate bob and the crew of the good ship grace
the voices from the harbor called haven of rest
i'm told that everybody likes the story they
like the story of bob in life and because bob bob was a story and i'm sure he was a story
you know but at the same time he was a reality more hideous than anything you could imagine in
your wildest dreams
those two wild and crazy guys
44444118
for our
the best
no we're off and now you know
cops are far too close to the german
we'll be gone
and we'll be friends get your ears vaccinated every week
that you listen in because
otherwise well
ain't no telling what happened well the lines are lighting up all we have to do
is accuse you of not understanding a damn thing
then yeah then they call it a off
i get it this is some sort of take-off on religion
isn't it oh you go ahead and believe that
As you go down, deeper and deeper into your mire of ignorance, ignorance and foolishness.
I caught a plane, got off in Spain, pulled it out and did the same damn thing.
I claim all these garbage dumps.
I claim all these garbage dumps.
I claim all these garbage dumps.
I claim all these garbage dumps.
I claim all these garbage dumps.
I claim all these garbage dumps.
I claim all these garbage dumps.
I claim all these garbage dumps.
I claim all these garbage dumps.
I claim all these garbage dumps.
I claim all these garbage dumps.
I claim all these garbage dumps.
I claim all these garbage dumps.
I claim all these garbage dumps.
Thanks for watching!
Let's cover those a little bit more, if we might,
because I take it there's a lot more genres that emphasize death and killing
than just regular thievery, eh?
Many other genres.
We did, in fact, when I was with the publisher of Dungeons & Dragons...
The printer's devil, huh?
We had any number of other role-playing game forms out of science fiction.
D&D, S&M, L.A. Strangler.
You can play in virtually any genre.
Yeah, I bet.
What about good behavior?
Singing.
Get out of that mark.
But that don't change the truth none.
There's right and there's wrong.
You gotta do one or the other.
You do the one and you're living.
You do the other and you may be walking around,
but you're dead as a beaver hat.
Now, the 12th of May was a hell of a day.
When the news got around to all the seaport town
that the Great Titanic was sinking down.
But all...
On this ship was a man named Shine
with pearly white teeth and a black behind.
Shine run up from the deck below hollering,
Captain! Captain!
Don't you know there's 40 feet of water on the boiler room floor?
The captain said,
Go back!
You dirty black, we got a thousand pumps to keep this water back.
Shine went back and began to think.
He said,
Ah, this big bad mother is bound to sink.
Shine said,
There's fish in the ocean and crabs in the sea.
But this is one time you good, cool white people ain't got buzzed yet.
Me.
I thought cheese and white and pickle
Doesn't even cost a nickel now to wash it down.
Clink, clink, no more to drink.
I had a cellar full, but now it's gone.
Drink, drink.
Drink, drink.
Glasses clink.
Like the anvil chorus and my head is splitting.
A-brinky, a-busty.
Oh, brother.
Oh, wow.
What do I do now?
Pink elephants are running after me.
Oh, that stuff was smooth as silk.
From now on I'll stick to milk.
Nothing else to drink for me.
Do you remember how it really was?
You and me and booze.
A threesome, do you remember?
It wasn't great, but it lasted.
We can have it back that way again if...
If I'll drink with you, but I'm not gonna drink with you.
It's finished.
I wouldn't ask you to drink with me.
I'd control myself.
Can't control yourself?
You're an alcoholic just the same as I am.
You and I were a couple of drunks on a sea of booze and the boat sank.
But I got a hold of something that kept me from going under and I'm not gonna let go of it.
Not for you, not for anyone.
And its name is Bob.
And it's Bobby.
Yes, Bob Dobbs, dear friends.
He's a fucking bander.
And there's nothing wilder than life in the bosom of Bob.
Well, actually, he ain't got much of a bosom.
He's kind of chicken-breasted actually.
But his head is that mighty saint of sails.
That sailsman of the universe.
Bob.
He can take the world in a love embrace.
You can fire all of your guns at once and explode into Bob's face.
Of course you gotta pay Bob
You gotta pay Bob's radio stations
That bring you the word of Bob
Because you know they exist on nothing but
Splicing tape and
You know no advertising
So we need your money, friends
Send those pledges in to whatever station this is
I can't even tell
I've been through so many shows in one night
I don't even know what show I'm on
What about good behavior?
Do you have any games that promote good behavior?
No, the most popular is certainly fantasy
Oh, the S&M types
Horror and science fiction
Horror and science fiction
And espionage
You teach them sabotage?
Post-Holocaust isn't so bad
There's a science fantasy
Post-Holocaust
Gamma Rotters
Wait a minute, let me get this straight
You promote the Holocaust?
Do you really do that?
Yes
Yes
It's put out by Game Designers Workshop, as I recall
It's called Twilight 2000
Twilight 2000?
Sounds like Death Wish 2000
Don't you feel the slightest bit remorse and guilt
About promoting something like that?
I've never played it
Oh, that's reassuring
Why not?
Why not?
If you could make up wizards and
Killers, stranglers
So forth, why not?
Kill a few million people
Post-Holocaust
Sure, why not?
After all, it's not your neck on the line
Unfortunately
And besides, like you say
It's a lot of fun
You know, I'm very curious to find out
What some of the other games are
That you have in store for the American public
I have done a game called Cyborg Commando
Which is set about 50 years in the future
Where Earth is being invaded by some aliens
Oh, wait a minute, don't tell me
They have hair all over them
And praying mantis arms
You know, I know all about that
And that's exactly the kind of point I want to get to
You know, a few of these ideas
Are just a little bit too realistic
And, well, they're disturbing
If you don't mind me using that word
And, well, quite frankly
I'd like to know what your
What your inspiration is for these things
Are they voices in your head?
What do you come up with these ideas?
It's a lot like writing a story
Oh, really?
If you like to read about something
Murder, rape, dismemberment
Why not play a game on it?
Oh, sure
It's pretty much the same
The way I write, too
Is that, gee, I have a lot of fun
Playing a game in that
Oh, really?
Particular genre
Why don't I write a story about it?
So it cuts both ways
No pun intended
And that's what I did
I enjoyed it
I enjoyed
A role-playing game is very much
A plot outline
Where the acting is then filled in
And the eventual end of the story
Is determined by the players
Interacting with this plot outline
That is there
Uh-huh
Which they then fill in with a human being
After they take these little games
That you have very seriously
And end up killing people
Which is exactly what some teenagers did
And they murdered people
Because they had heard about it in their games
Now, what do you have to say about that?
I suppose you blame it all on the players
Oh, well, I suppose
Of course it is
Although you set it up for that, too
So you're admitting that
This is a group cooperative game
Most role-playing games are group cooperative
Kind of like a gangland rape or whatever
Fight against its own numbers
It works together to overcome outside opposition
Like the police, uh-huh
So there is violence, certainly, in a role-playing game
There's violence in virtually everything we see and do
And I don't think that's bad
Because I believe that it helps to sublimate
Your income
Those things
And you act it out and it's gone
Yeah, and so are the victims that they acted out on
Which is the main problem that we're having here
Now, I think the argument that you're maintaining
Is much like the gun control argument
That guns don't kill people
People kill people
And so you're saying that Dungeons & Dragons don't kill people
That people kill people
And they just happen to be under the influence of your game
When they murder these people
Much like a drug or something
Is that what you're saying?
I believe so very much
Uh-huh
The...
The...
Oh, you're stammering now
A little nervous, huh?
The game itself
Uh-huh
Had taken some flight
Sure
Basically from fundamentals
Oh, yeah
To head religious objections
Yeah, it's all the clerics' fault
Because after all, it has magic in it
And dragons and demons
And things like that
Heavy on the demons, yeah
So...
The...
You go on
Authorities have sometimes, in small towns particularly
Encouraged people to say
You know, the devil made me do it
Uh-huh
Well, who made you do it?
That's what I want to know
Uh, the game
Oh, so you can blame it on the game
But they can't blame it on the game
Well, that sounds very consistent
It sounds like you're not willing to accept responsibility
For any of the problems
Your games create
But what about your children?
What would you tell them
If they were interested in it?
This is a dangerous game
And I remember OBS
Because it's really easy
Because they say it's occult
Uh-huh
Now, nobody ever defines what occult is
Uh-huh
What is occult?
And if you begin to define it
Usually it's, well, those bad things that...
That you espouse
I don't like
Occult
Occult
What is occult?
What is the occult?
Do you know?
Well, I can't come up with any dictionary definitions
Right now
But, uh, I can visualize a pretty clear image
Of what the occult is
Let me tell you
From where my standpoint is right now
Then again, I haven't exactly studied it either
The way you have it
That's assuming you admit you have studied the occult
Well, sure, I have the, um
Anything that you could find in most libraries
Oh
That's it
You go to a library, yeah
I have no great knowledge of the occult
I do have the, uh
I think Avon published, uh
The Encyclopedia of Paranormal and the Occult
Avon, huh
Ding-dong Satan Calling
Yeah
I read a lot
I've read a lot
I'm lucky
A lot of authored mythology
Mythology
Mm-hmm
Things like that
And as far as I know, I picked up, you know
I have a good memory
And so I can remember a few real things
That you participated in
It's probably
There's probably more occult material
In a typical, uh, horror novel
That's, you know, selling millions of copies today
Than there is in, uh
And certainly more blood and violence
Than there is in, uh, Dungeons & Dragons
I see
So that's where you're gonna be going next
Into the, uh, horror and, uh
Death and maiming books, huh?
Well, um, let's stick to the Dungeons & Dragons, though
If we might
Just because we're about running out of time here
I wanna ask you a rather personal question
If we can get this personal
Where do you see your soul as going?
Is it going to go to the devil, then, basically?
Probably so
You know, I really don't know any Satanists
That's another one
I keep hearing
Besides yourself
Recently, I think it's become very popular
And I'm sure that if
Satanism
If the, the particular devil is going to be a Satanist




The television medium keeps on hyping on it
That a lot of the teenagers will have to pick it up
Uh, Satanism?
Because the adults are saying
Oh, this is terrible, don't do it
Yeah
And you know it's like waving a red flag to
To children who are trying to establish their own identities
And be different
So you suggest we should tell them
Do worship the devil
So that they don't worship the devil, eh?
That makes a lot of sense
And I bet you'd really like that
Hey, have you ever even been to church?
Really?
Actually, I, I knew some at one time
Some Catholic priests
Oh, you met some Catholics?
Some other people? Oh, you met some Catholics?
Some other people? Oh, you met some Catholics?
That were, that were quite religious that played
That doesn't count though
Um, sometimes as clerics in fact
Yeah, you know
That was their character
Uh-huh
Um, it, it differs from group to group of course
Because whatever the group decides
They, you know, they all want to be somewhat, uh, you know
Evil, and then they can play it
That's fine with you, yeah
But in reality, there is no real evil going on
Oh, no, no
It's all just make-believe
Right, it's all make-believe
And it's only when the people, the bodies start falling
That you have to worry about it at all
Well, uh, you've got a very interesting perspective on this game
I gotta admit, in fact, uh, you know, if you want the author
I'd, I'd suggest you a little bit, uh, loon
But, uh, seeing how the money goes to you
I can understand that sort of attitude
Sure
Although I guess all you're really concerned about is whether the
The stock starts falling
Because, uh, as long as those games are selling
Well, then I guess, uh, a few, uh, dead in the street
Aren't gonna matter very much, I suppose
But, uh, just remember there's gonna be hell to be paid, pal
And, uh, you're gonna be doing the paying
If you know what I mean
If you don't really think this stuff is bad for ya
I'm not so sure that it isn't bad
It's a good way to take a look at, uh
Well, what would it be like to be a desperado?
Well
You know, a killer and a, and a hunted person
Well, I'm sure they find out when they play your game
And when they get hooked on it and go out and practice it on a few innocent victims
But, uh, I'm very glad to say that this about winds it up
For this exciting and informative segment of Prell Profiles
My guest, of course, has been Gary Gygax
Uh, creator
Uh
Of Dungeons and Dragons
The, uh, role-playing game that, uh, teaches your kids how to kill
Thank you for joining us, Mr. Gygax
And here's your own special Prell Profile paperweight
That's my profile, Lester Donovan
By the way, be sure to point that out to your fiends
Er, uh, friends
Yes, thank you, Papa Prell
Well, uh, yes, uh, yeah
Hey, Papa Prell, thank you all for listening
And God bless
Yeah, the ugly, uh
And I do mean God bless
And God bless to you, too, cause you need it the most, let me tell ya
The views expressed do not necessarily reflect the views of the show
The views expressed do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the Board of Trustees, the staff and management, or those interviewed by KZSU
A few points may be
Or, KNON, or any other station, uh, that might possibly be heard from
You're back into the, uh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, God, there it went
Well, friends, yeah, that was, that was, uh, Papa Prell
My, uh, my, you know, quite an editing job there
That was an easy one for me to play for 20 minutes, you see
I didn't have to edit a whole lot and I just left him to do it
Uh, yeah
Papa Prell out of Stanford University
I can't believe they let him be a pre... the Dean, I...
The Mister Science Lecture Series
Volume One, Number One
The Mutron
Delivered by the Reverend Seed
Seth Deitch, First Church of Mr. Science, Boston.
Outside the realm of conspiracy science,
and in the clear light of the so-called forbidden sciences,
we will find we have a far greater chance
of understanding the true nature of the universe.
We are told about matter and energy and space and time
as being either consistent realities governed by laws
or as foggy abstracts that have no particular being
outside of that of being convenient linguistic aids
to make the whole thing easier to swallow.
We at the Temporal Management Research Facility
of the Church of Mr. Science of the Subgenius
have through rigorous probing through mountains
of existing but full-known works on the subject of time
and its methods of control,
have discovered the key for blowing the whistle
on the whole fraudulent twaddle that is modern science.
This key is the neutron.
The truth must now be told.
How it was covered up for so long
would make a story intriguing enough for a separate book,
but it's too involved to be told here.
The actual issue at hand is the neutron
and its pivotal role in the management of the true cosmos.
In order to properly understand the following,
it must first be made clear
what actually constitutes an elementary particle.
The first of these basic particles is the electron,
which has no mass but possesses a charge
that is commonly described as possibly infinite,
thus making it the fundamental unit,
the unit of energy.
It and other related particles,
i.e. positrons, photons, gravitons, etc.,
acting in concert make up the jacotismic field
which is responsible for holding everything
that is anything together.
The second is the much rarer infinite mass particle,
commonly called a black hole.
These particles, like the electrons, occupy no space,
but the influence of a single particle
can be felt at a much greater distance.
They often have event horizons many miles away,
beyond which not even light can escape.
The third fundamental particle is the neutron.
The neutron carries with it an infinite temporal capacity
that makes it alter the rate and intensity and general quality
of the passage through time of anything it touches.
The neutron is very likely the rarest particle in this universe.
As far as we know, there might well be only one of them,
though there could be as many as a few dozen
without generating a dangerous concentration
which would be the most dangerous.





The second fundamental particle is the neutron.

and is known to be the most common of neutron phenomena.
Section A.
Just how fucking big everything really is.
What we know is the universe can be envisioned as a giant atom
with the black hole acting as the nucleus
and the neutron or mutrons acting as the electron cloud
with the electrons providing the energy
for the neutron to drive us forward through time.
Just about everything else in the universe
is just so much debris
cluttering up the works of things.
The fact that the universe is a giant atom

and that there is one such atom
more than suggests the existence of others.
The neutron has a corresponding antiparticle
known as the tachyon
which travels through time in a direction
which we perceive as backwards
so that to someone who is not in the know
it will appear to exceed the speed of light.
The simple fact of the matter
is that tachyons are extra-universal mutrons
impinging on our universe
at a different temporal angle.
These are the mutrons of atom universes
that ours is in compound with.
After this the atomic metaphor breaks down.
No atom of mere matter
divides itself into alternate cells
almost constantly, but our universe does.
All the time the universe splits
in order to express every alternative
open to any phenomenon transpiring within
no matter how small
or seemingly insignificant.
This is the only way our minds
can express the perception
of the fifth dimension
or more properly the second dimension of time.
So this introduces the concept
of time viewed as a plane
rather than a line.
But there is another dimension of space
so is the case with time
there is also a corresponding up-down time.
This is the direction in which
our mental eyes exist.
In this direction we find alternate time tracks
similar to the sidewise ones
with the difference being that
theirs is oriented in the direction
opposed to temporal gravity.
So that elements of those other selves
are constantly falling into our awareness
from above.
The neutron passes through all these spaces
with equal ease and is modulated by them
much like the photon is modulated
by bouncing off or passing through matter.
Thus information of a very subtle
and distorted nature is conveyed to us
from our other universes
on the neutron express.
We call this information Gnosis
and its influence has been felt
by mankind since the beginning

of time and again
for as long back as we have records
and no doubt back to our very genesis and before.
The earliest known neutron impact on earth
occurred in the era of the dawn of life.
The primordial sea teemed with
the most primitive of bacteria.
Their genetic material was a simple molecule
shaped like a lumpy ladder.
It was very chemically stable.
The neutron passed through earth
and spewed out a wake
that left each and every molecule of DNA
twisted beyond recognition.
In this state its stability was ruined
and any force or random glitch
that mother nature had to offer
changed it somehow.
Thus evolution had begun.
The vast majority of these events
however affect individual beings
or objects.
One such example is Great Britain's
Stonehenge Monument
which was not man-made as is popularly presumed
but is merely the material evidence
of a rather minor neutron splash.
Certain great sages of the past
and present have actually had
mutrons pass directly through their crania.
A partial listing of these select people
will give an idea of the effects
that may be expected of such an encounter.
Gautama Buddha, the prophet Enoch,
Ankh-Natan, Leonardo, William Beckford,
Alastair Fowley, Marcel Duchamp,
R. Buckminster Fuller, Antonio Gaudi,
Arnold Palmer, the list goes on.
It's interesting to note that
J.R. Bob Dobbs is the only known
human being through whom a
neutron has passed through the earth.

He has passed twice.
After going through the back of his head
it was reflected by the mystic pipe of Dobbs
back through his head for a double dose of gnosis.
In the light of this particular view
one might ask
what about the Big Bang and all that stuff?
Well, it seems that matter does not play
a very big role in the actual nuts and bolts
operation of the universe.
In fact, we find that it is the case
in about half the universe's sample
that there is no matter at all.
Section B.
What we must do about all this.
It is well known that the electron
can be pressed into service for all kinds of uses.
It might be less well known that
alien civilizations of a level only
slightly more advanced than ours routinely
use the enormous power made available
by tapping into the gravity fluxes
of quantum black holes.
It's also possible to use the time potentials
of the neutron to our own great advantage.
The neutron is not
subject to the same methods of coercion
that we use to bend normal subatomic
particles to our will.
They are oblivious to matter and energy alike.
The power of pure thought
because of its intimate relationship with time
does have some small effect.
Neutrons are attracted to areas
of concentrated slackful enlightenment.
A neutron container accelerator
could be charged with a neutron
if enough slackful minds concentrated
their energies around a scoop entrance
to the neutron accelerator.
Once contained therein,
it would take relatively little effort
on the part of these minds
to maintain it in a stable state.
The neutron is a circular path.
One purely technical problem
facing this proposal is the size
of the accelerator needed.
It is a property of the neutron
that it will only travel in the most gentle of curves.
The minimum diameter of a circle
to be traveled by a neutron
is approximately 1,000 miles.
Fortunately, we have easy access
to an extraterrestrial body
more than three times that size
Earth's moon.
The accelerator could be built in a ring
completely circumnavigating the lunar sphere
about 100 feet below its surface.
Because of the mental effort that would run it,
it would be known as the psychotron.
The psychotron would be a valuable tool
in the use of practical time control.
By accelerating the neutron
in one direction or another,
the entire moon could be induced
to follow it in whatever temporal direction
it might be directed.
Forward, backward, sidewise, or up-down.
Having this ability opens amazing possibilities.
It is my proposal
that this device be constructed
for use in a major space project
to concentrate high slack wisdom
in this universe.
The single most radiant personality
among modern man is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
There are other alternate Bobs
existing in other alternate time tracks.
Not all of them are as prominent
as our Bob,
but still are privy
to the same great gnosis.
Others are already the rulers
of their respective Earths.
All, though, are truly Bob.
Imagine if we could travel
to those alternative time streams
and convince all of those Bobs
to return to our world.
This is exactly what I am suggesting.
The formation of the Congress of Bobs.
Yes, my friends, this is our mission.
Those who wish to donate
to the Psychotron Project
will be given a free ride
to the alternate world of their choice
once the project is complete.
Thank you.
The Mr. Science lecture series
from Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger.
And you know, every subgenius show
is literally continuous
with every other.
It eventually goes in one gigantic
Mobius strip.
Not a loop, but actually
a Mobius strip.
Criss-crossing with itself
at the center point,
but looping back again
at post office box 181417
Cleveland Heights,
Ohio 44118.
I'll give that number again.
Post office box 181417

Cleveland Heights,
Ohio 44118.
