We don't have no time for that All we want is an hour of slack
Do you know where it's at? All you need is an hour of slack
Everyone needs a straitjacket Pull it tight, let's all slack it
Everyone needs a straitjacket Hold on tight, let's all slack it
All we want is an hour of slack
Do you know where it's at? All you need is an hour of slack
Everyone needs a straitjacket Pull it tight, let's all slack it
Everyone needs a straitjacket Pull it tight, let's all slack it
All we want is an hour of slack
All we want is an hour of slack
All we want is an hour of slack
Let's all slack it
All we want is an hour of slack
Pull it tight, let's all slack it
All we want is an hour of slack

Oh, let's tell my world you may die
Fuck them if they can't take a chance
Too much is always the case
Too much is always the case
When the world will release
Too much is always the case
겨어� kry
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Russian voters says Russia has been stockpiling Russians.
Britain's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, backed by Russia, has been carrying out an offensive Turkey news in the city center.
City center.
Johnson visited his troops by a tank and destroyed buildings.
Turkish fighters now say they've taken control.
On Twitter today, President Trump says 200 people have some PR.
Trump tweets the PR reports were probably made at 11.
Later date to further their agendas.
PR News.
The second fashion reports.
Only 3.6463.
Officials in Florida say they believe all PR News.
PR News.
Ta-ta.
Are we spangled?
Are we spangled?
Are we spangled?
This music in the background is spangled.
And what have we been playing?
Well, PR News is back from Fernanda Nandi-Lemur.
That's real good news.
In fact, it's PR News, even though it's spelled with a G.
Good news.
That beautiful instrumental was the bishop, who we haven't heard from in a while.
Although I think he did the titles in one of the recent shows.
Oh.
Oh.
Kind of older recording.
Onward Slackful Soldiers is the name of that instrumental tune.
I do have a subgenius science essay I can read here.
By Joshua Scott Hodgkin.
I don't know if he's actually a subgenius minister or not.
And this was something he wrote on his blog.
It's very well written.
And I don't actually agree with it at all myself.
Subgenius Science.
The Unified Theory of Slack.
Although Slack is definitively undefinable, can we come any closer to understanding it using science?
No, pink lord, we cannot.
This is not going to have anything to do with science except to remind you that if you take that method on,
as a singular worldview, you're about as far away from achieving slack as you can possibly be.
Science has become the new authority on all matters.
And those who cling to it as holy gospel are addicted to the possibility of power that their mythical certainties and absolutes suggest.
Only Bob can be certain about anything.
So the only thing you should even consider being certain about is Bob.
Absolutes and certainties are like,
anchors.
They tether your mind to only the narrow field of experiences which validate whatever it is you're so damn sure of.
The only prevention for this sickness is to make damn sure that you aren't damn sure of anything.
And the only way to achieve that is to abandon the pervasive and perverse notion of modern thought known in philosophy as realism.
Realism is the belief that the junk going on inside your head must also be going on outside of you.
So you can't likely
organize your mind around anything.
You practice Robert Bacon's science,
or the UCSRS,

experience has an objectivity value of zero, you can add and multiply them
infinitely and the sum would still be zero. Consensus is an unreliable
verification tool. We do not even know that our experiences are the same, just
that we use similar language to describe phenomena. You cannot verify the contents
of another mind because the only person that has access to them is the
individual. It is possible that we are all experiencing radically different
realities, but that language allows us to believe we're all on the same page.
Realists also appeal to induction and abduction, both of which sidestep direct
observations, the measurement and testing, and rely on circular logic. Just because
a phenomenon repeats does not mean it always will,
and that is not the case.
And just because some belief is justifiable does not make it an objective fact.
It takes leaps of faith to build your premises on abstractions and some
seriously willful ignorance to fail to acknowledge the frailty of your starting
assumptions. Finally, the realists will rest their case on pragmatism.
This stuff works, dammit, so it must be real.
But placebos work.
Geocentric maps of the cosmos were flawed, but provided working models
of reality.
The realists are not the only ones to be able to make the most of the
knowledge of the world.
There are a lot of things that are not supposed to work, but do so very well.
The appeal to pragmatism is an idiot's brag of lacking an imagination.
I see subgenii making realist claims all the time.
That probably means me.
I suppose they think that their realism is in opposition to the old religions and is a form of rebellion.
This is an incredible thing.
This is an incredibly misguided falsehood.
Not only is modern science and the realist worldview a direct descendant of protestant philosophy,
but all the old religions themselves are incredibly realist.
The many marks of Abraham all believe in a literal creation of a literal universe that is literally run by absolutes and certainties.
Realism is the single most pervasive norm of the modern world and it provides the shackles from which the subgenius seeks their slack.
Ha!
The alternative is philosophical idealism.
The belief that all phenomena are mental phenomena.
That we are minds.
That the contents of our minds are our experiences and that the products of experiences are personal knowledge.
Idealism says no more than that.
It doesn't tell us how the world really is and therefore you're not supposed to behave accordingly.
There are no solid purchases for attaching our chains to.
It is not a self-jsutian.









It's pure fucking slack.
I'm already groaning at the idiotic but highly anticipated scripted responses realists will offer.
But let me make it clear.
I don't give a fuck.
I have worn your silly-ass worldview and freed myself from it.
It's not an inability to understand that separates me from realists,
but a rejection of something I understood all too well for far too long.
There is no need to defend your normative realist beliefs
because they have already infected everything in the world with pink identity.
Realism is winning and winning hard,
so you can take your Bobby Boy bullshit elsewhere
and you can keep your naive, literalist, authoritarian delusions to yourself.
And you can take my slack when you pry it from the cold, dead mind
of the second-person experience
of my idealized form.
Praise Bob.
I thought that was a beautifully written unified theory of slack,
subgenius science,
by Joshua Scott Hotchkin.
And now this.
Are you spangled?
I am spangled.
You are spangled.
Yes, I am.
We have spangle in the background.
Spangle?
Spangle.
Spangle.

Spangle.
It's a band.
It's a band.
A band.
A band.
It's a partner nostril told us about and gave us a bunch of CDs.
Are you spangled?
Yes, I'm spangled.
Are you spangled?
Yes.
Oh, by the way, I've already decided the name of this show,
the theme of this episode in advance.
Yes, it was a sentence that we said earlier.
Okay.
And the sentence was,
he might have peed while we weren't looking.
He might have peed while we weren't looking.
He speaks everything on the planet right now,
all the way from the politics of the potus
to maximum other misreadings, so to speak.
Well, you know, the time of pee,
spelled a certain way,
is a major doctrine in Church of Subgenius.
The way it's spelled was with a capital P,
a lowercase e, and then a capital E.
So it's more holy that way.
It's not just pee, it's more P-E.
Right.
The mighty time of pee.
Do you like to pee?
Why would I remember such a thing like that?
It makes no relevance to me whatsoever.
Yet, of all the doctrines, I remember that one.
If you like to urinate,
then you're sure to be interested in...
In this.
That's what it was.
I'm interested in urinating.
Just like those people saying,
hey, you like money?
You like freedom?
Well, call Freedom National Money Incorporated.
A man named Doug or Jim or Terrence
in St. Louis, Missouri,
is waiting for a $24,000 check.
They're dividing a billion dollars
and they're going to give it to you right now.
Have you heard that?
I haven't heard that.
Sounds like spam to me.
Sounds like...
Fresh sliced spam.
Yeah, but it's on the air,
so you'd have to call it
stinky spam with over cheese.
Okay.
Stinky spam with uber cheese.
Oh, I didn't tell you guys.
I got an email the other day
that says I have a million bucks
waiting for me in a bank
in some African country.
Really?
Oh, well, you do.
It's just you can't collect it.
Oh, I'm going to click on...
Some other person.
I'm going to click right on that little link there.
I can't wait.
I can't wait to click on that link
that said I could get a million bucks.
Donate your entire family savings
to somebody who claims to be a prince
in a country where there are no...
haven't been any princes in 500 years either.
Oh, spongered.
He is spongered.
If you're eager enough to do that,
you're eager enough to be ripped off.
That's what he said,
but he thought he was a Jesus freak.
Meaning, I guess,
I don't know how he put this,
but he wanted to get freaky
with our Lord and Master.
He what?
He was freaky.
You know, he, you know, you know...
Getting jiggy with it?
Not Lord was.
Yeah.
I'm having more trouble
following this conversation
than I usually do.
Well, it's baseless to begin with,
so don't worry about it
because it has no moral foundation.
It just, like, goes out into the night
and the first vampire settler it finds
it will recombine
and bring back to the gallery.
I can't wait.
It could happen at any moment right now.
Now, the listeners might be vaguely able
to hear the injured dog back here
gnawing on his rawhide sheet.
It kind of clicks in his mouth here.
Let's turn the spongo off.
He's crunching away.
Buddy, stop your crunching
and just give it a few minutes.
He might have peed
while we weren't watching.
I've been so delighted to see him chewing
because now I think our little canine unit
is recovering to see him chew like that.
Listeners, I know that not all of you
care about our dog,
but he is the official guard dog
of the Subgenius Foundation headquarters,
the Mega Fist Temple.
And yesterday he got too much of a good thing.
We let him off the leash
so he could go out and hunt in the woods
and be a farm dog.
But unfortunately he decided to hunt in the woods
a mile south of here on somebody else's ranch,
among many other places.
And he ran from what we can tell
from my GPS tracking device.
He ran back and forth all over creation
for four hours.
Four hours.
Yesterday.
Then he did it again a couple hours later, Chase.
Started off chasing a squirrel.
For two more hours.
Yes.
And then he was fine when he came back,
we thought.
But this morning,
the little dog couldn't walk.
Hardly.
I mean, he can barely limp.
Yes, he's severely damaged the pads of his little paws.
Yeah, yeah.
He's hurting all over.
He's recovering.
He's got a dose of child psychology.
For all I know, he ran straight...
He got to eat it.
My example,
that would be my grandfather one time said,
you like apple cider?
And in your house with your parents and everything,
you have to share it with your sister and your mom and dad
and everything.
For my present to you,
I'm going to give you all the cider you want to drink.
So he got three gallons of cider, you know?
So I drank them all and I got the hives.
That's all you got?
You mean you didn't get the runs too?
My goodness.
Three gallons of cider?
Well, naturally the runs, but also the hives,
which I'd never seen before.
Good lord.
I spotted like two, two messences on my skin.
Two messences?
Yes.
He said two messences on his skin.
Two messences, yes.
Too much, man.
Too much two messences.
Too much two messences.
So I think, I think Buddy's going to like look out the window wishfully for, for another
day.
But I don't think he will.
I don't know.
Well, we'll take him to the vet tomorrow and have his little pads looked at.
We've been treating him with something.
Something like bag balm and, and, and, and just rest and relaxation.
But we, as far as we know, he has not actually peed all day unless he somehow did it when
we weren't looking.
Eh, it's possible.
It's possible, but it's so difficult for him to walk.
It's, it's hard to imagine him peeing actually.
Yeah, we need to get a little catheter or hospital urinal.
But I guess he might.
It's possible.
It's possible that he might have peed when we weren't looking.
We could hold him over the balcony and spray with, with him and see if he would spray while
we held him.
No, no.
Pointing outwards.
No, no, no.
Little boy wouldn't, he wouldn't spray like that.
It's the time, but the time of pee, that's really important.
It's the most important thing.
Well, he's going to pee.

He's a dog and he did what he was supposed to and now he knows he can't go outside and
go pee pee.
No, you know, I can logically.
He can't get up and do what he wants so he's not going to pee pee on the floor.

He's just going to hold it until he explodes.
What's more important to you, eating and drinking or, or peeing?
Which one can you go without doing for the longest, Dave?
I think they're all equally important because without the little sunshine, there is no rain.
Meaning if you have to urinate when you're a little child and you're dancing around in
the rain and you pee your pants and you make everybody else think it's from walking through
puddles.
Dave, Dave, this is not, this is, it's not time for true confessions.
Okay.
I understand that, that, you know, you had an embarrassing childhood and that there's
certain traumatizing things caused you to be the way you are now, but let's not dwell
on these sorted, soaking subjects.
I've come back though in an eloquent way.
I'm making sense, aren't I?
Kind of.
In a lonesome cowboy, Dave way.
Yes.
Boy, I got the most, speaking of lonesome cowboy, Dave way, your wonderful book, neighbor
world was, is, is excellent and wonderful, but I got a detailed letter from a devoted
reader of that book that detail, he found a bunch of mistakes.
They weren't spelling mistakes or even typos.
Most of them, they were M dash.
They were amateurish M dashes.
Oh, yeah.
They were.

Two, two normal dashes instead of a proper M dash.
And inconsistent spacing between certain things.
Little layout things.
Wow.
Like where sentences appeared in the middle of the page instead of flush left.
He said, he showed me where to flush.
So I have to do a slightly different printing, nobody but this guy and would really notice
that sort of thing, but it's sort of subliminal.
You know, you have a person who reads a lot can tell, they may not even notice what it
is.
There's something a little amateurish about it.
I caught the cover typo on the back cover.
That's right.
I caught a cold.
I caught a cold too.
South by Southwest.
But I'm hopefully it's going to go away.
So what should I do then?
Because it's, most people are liking it despite the fact that it does have those things in
there.
Yeah.







Oh, nobody would never notice that.
I mean, they're not the kind of mistakes that any of us noticed.
Right.
I was in too big of a hurry to even think about it.
Anyway.
But the M dash is, don't you think?
Oh, it's easy enough to fix.
This guy has already found all the spots.
I'm sure he didn't miss a one.
It was so unbelievably thorough.
I mean, it was really, really nuts.
Oh, speak about nuts and really thorough.
Fernando.
Fernando Nandy Lee Merr sent me a link to a video on Vimeo, which I'm going to play
because it's well, this, this video was an hour and a half long, which is the length
of the original movie.
It was edited from the wizard of Oz, the classic wizard of Oz movie.
But this one is called Oz of the wizard or something because it's all in alphabetical
order.
Every time someone said the word a that's at the very beginning of the movie.
I, I, I, I, it goes alphabetically up to, and you know, and there's plenty of those.
It goes up to, oh, brains is a really good section.
If you can imagine they, they refer to brains a lot.
Yes.
And, uh, yeah, yeah.

I it's impossible.

That's not possible to imagine from my description.
So I'm.
Playing a little chunk of it right now actually doesn't show up.
Also, I'm playing aaby this show that I was playing and I said people have made early
let's show you what the pick up line, the escalator run, right?

I know we're going to wish a salesman who everybody finds prostitute to a sickle in




Yeah,这是
Private brain brain brain brain.
Brain
Brains
Brains
Brains
BRAINS
Brain
Brains
Brain
Brains
BRAINS
BRAIN
Brain

fury


Brains

Brains
Brains
Brains
Brains
Rats
Brains
Bravery
Braking
까지
phone
Ruth
And that was...
I'll have to insert the name of the piece.
It's called Of Oz the Wizard by Matt Busi, spelled B-U-C-Y.
If you Google or search Vimeo Of Oz the Wizard, it'll pop right up.
It's a movie, but it sounds insane.
You'll see what I mean.
It's the most...
I mean, I thought that I've done some...
really OCD, obsessive-compulsive disorder-type editing.
And I thought Susie the Flusie had beat me a billion times over.
This is the most OCD thing in the universe
and actually proves that obsessive-compulsive disorder is,
as I've been saying, not a disorder, but in fact a superpower.
A superpower.
Yes.
I thought he was saying it was like a Fidendish underpower.
When the Flash hit me and said,
now, what was your superpower?
I said obsessive-compulsive talent.
And then I said it a hundred times more.
OCT.
And that's what sold her.
No, this was the Flash that I said.
Oh, I thought it was the last branding attempt
when you were sending out all them goofy-looking flyers
and you went online with that old separate site.
What was it called?
Church of the...
Church of the...
Church of the...

Church of the...
Church of the...
Church of the...
Church of the...
Church of the...
Church of the...
Church of the Cinnabon.
I bet there is one.
I bet there's Cinnabar and them golden hills of New Asia
where we all get neuralgitis and so forth
and have many kinds of, you know,
terrible, terrible psychological disorders
nowadays the way things are.
Or maybe they're not that way, but they still are.
Cinnabar and the...
They're them, they're him.
Like what if you were just like having a regular day and you were going to your school or something and the vampire appeared?
The grand pirate?
The grand pirate, Henry Lascaux.
He was, well, he resembled a Nartichoke.
Yeah, a Nartichoke.
Hey, buddy, the crippled dog got up and he's limping.
Over to you.
He's limping, you know, he's limping away from us, wagging his tail.
It may be time.
It may be the mighty time of pee.
It might be the time of pee.
Princess Wee, maybe you better go check it out.
I will follow him.
I'd hate to put all of the listeners on pause for all that dead air that would take if we both had to go out there.
You two carry on.
Yeah.
All of Captain Hoare.
Yes.
Well, I'll try not to carry on, but I think that's a good sign that old buddy's getting up there and he wants to go explore it a little bit.
His feet are feeling a little better.
He's knowing how to react properly, not jumping up around and ripping his pads.
And I think that's just, that's your business, man.
It has nothing to do with me.
I'm afraid that if she doesn't take him out there on a leash, it's possible that if he sees a squirrel, he'll forget, or any night varmint, more likely it'd be a raccoon or an armadillo, he would instantly forget his pain.
Until he had his...
He could taste the blood of that varmint.
Because he's the opposite of Bob.
Are you sure you're not being a little poetic?
You've got to think of...
I hope I am.
...children and less like, you know, Ulysses and the voyage of Sinbad and stuff like that.
Oh, I don't know.
No, you haven't seen this dog hunt.
He's ferocious.
He wants to rip the throats out of them varmints, I think.
Actually, I'm not sure if he even knows what he's supposed to do with it.
But he is a sub...
As I said, he is a subgenius dog.
And now my friend, the Rudy Schwartz Project, told me that his sister-in-law's dog was almost eaten by a coyote just last week, less than 100 miles from where I live.
I've got to ask, how do you get almost eaten?
How much of you is eaten before...
Before you're basically eaten?
I mean, and what happens to you when you're only partially eaten?
Well, one of my son's dogs was bit by a coyote.
And he's been on the leg and they had to go to the vet.
They got the coyote out of there.
But he had taken a little...
A little chew and he managed to escape somehow.
I don't know.
Well, you know, the thing is, it's risky to let Buddy...
Run around unsupervised out in this ranch land.
There's all kinds of dangers.
Snakes, coyotes, traps, feral hogs, mean rednecks, you name it.
Or cops.
I thought those were interchangeable.
Feral hogs and mean rednecks.
Feral redneck cops.
All kinds of terrible things.
And...
But...
Do I really...
Really want to...
Deny this hunting dog who was bred to hunt?
Deny him the thing that is in his blood?
It would be like telling a subgenius,
No, you must not have slack.
It really would.
It's like it takes away...
It might take away my slack if he lost a leg or his life.
But keeping him prisoner would...
It seems like would be even worse.
Given the circumstances.
Now, if he was a city dog, it wouldn't even come up.
But...
My father had a dozen dogs over the centuries that ran around loose.
And...
Well, now come to think of it, one time...
Old Dammit came back after two days with scars around his neck because he'd been in a trap.
Gus died of a rattlesnake bite.
But most of them did okay.
Skunks.
One of these days.
But he's going to come back stinking.
You're going to need the tomato juice then.
I heard that too.
And rub it in and then wash it all out.
Because the skunk spray is oily.
It doesn't just wash off with normal water.
Yeah.
That was what I...
I heard.
See, I'm just...
I'm just learning.
I heard that one too.
I heard that Dawn is not only a lovely dishwashing display.
It's also an eloquent way for dogs to have their skunk removed.
And it makes the...
If it's the Dawn liquid that's made in Mexico as opposed to the United States,
it's the best stuff for blowing bubbles.
And I was told that by the Naked Bubble Man at Starwood.
Who would run around professionally blowing bubbles while naked.
So...
Well, that's rather childish.
There you go.
We just did a product placement for Mexican-made bottles of Dawn detergent.
And by the way, I'm not a shareholder, so it's okay.
And also, you're not looking for a Mexican maid,
so you're not a pathological liar or a socialistic pariah.
I can't afford a maid of any kind.
I've had quite a few people ask if they could be our maid or help us out here.
And it's like, well...
You mean you want to get paid, right?
Well, yeah.
I don't need much.
Well, I'm not getting paid much.
So I'm doing it.
I'm the maid.
You're not going to take away my job?
You're just too bad about the rubber diesels and all that stuff.
Yeah, man.
I'm a self-made man.
I made myself lunch at one point.
I'm a subgenius.
I live independently as much as I can.
Although I prefer it when Princess Wee...
Cooks a great big omelette, of course.
Does she bake them?
I thought it was just kind of a whim and a fancy
that she put together like a third novel about the neurologist getting married again.
Her every omelette is completely different from every other omelette that she made.
That's what we say in philosophy class, too.
It's, yeah, it's scientific.
Make the omelette different every single time.
I mean, at least you can prove it.
When you have the old er-ca-ga-do, er-ga-do, some con-con-regationer.
Hey, I don't want to talk religion, man.
Sillyism.
I don't want to talk about religion on this.
I don't want to talk about your religion on this religious show.
We only talk about our religion.
Our shared religion, Church of the Subgenius.
That's the only one we ever talk about.
Because all the rest of them are stupid.
Because they believe all kinds of silly stuff.
And they don't know that the exes are going to arrive from Planet X on July 5th.
1998.
Destroy the world except for the dues paying, uh, sub-faithful subgeniuses under Bob.
But it sometimes always happens.
And other times it never happens, but it's still happening.
So that's why the most of fashion is spaghetti like, um, what they call string theory.
Of the whole con- conglagery.
Gets together and makes the Church of the Subgenius your, your very best buy when it comes to, um, uh, what is it again?
I don't trust the string theory ver- uh, version of Slack because, I mean, it might be correct and everything, but I'm just taking their word for it.
I can't do that math.
I never will be able to do that math.
I'll always just be taking their word for that stuff.
And I don't, you see, necessarily.
Yeah, me, me, I understand.
I should never pose the question, but I thought if I was going to pose naked, at least you should hear about it.
While blowing bubbles, yeah.
Yeah.
If you don't pose naked.

If you don't pose naked, unless you're blowing bubbles.
With Mexican Dawn dishwasher.
You're scared of your own body, but, um, I don't know.
I don't know.
Being bare naked all the time can be cold.
Well, it depends on where you are.
Well, I mean, I'm not talking about the Arctic Circle.
I'm talking about, like, uh, Cuba Libre, Francois.
Now, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, does it change the way you are thinking of?
Yes, it does.
Yeah, I think it does change the way you're saying it.
Since when did everything whas so complicated?...
Oh, that is up to you, Mr. S.
So I guess I mean, the more than agora you're older.
The more than I remember now is the same offers from the �ittCh south Pacific Sindh,
the Simtsos.


Its awesome.
It's un-ponged me.
I went ahead and shaved my neck as well.
Well, it's good if you want to expose the bite marks,
but I think a person in your renal condition of being, once again, a midnight vampire,
to have four bite marks on your neck that are clearly visible, all red and skanky looking,
does not speak to the absurdum or belie the aborigine of...
You know what I mean?
Yes, what you said.
I agree completely.
I couldn't have said it better.
I don't care.
But seriously, does it change the way you, the listener, or Dave, think about me,
knowing that I might be sitting here?
Just dangling in the wind, as it were.
Well, I would hope that it would liberate many of our listening audience
and get them up to do what the young kids did in the end of March,
whatever that was this year,
when they marched on the Washington, on the snake house there.
And I think that's the same feeling of ferocious...
Was that the take away our guns march?
Yeah, that was the take away our guns march.
Oh, man.
Well, at least that's what I've been calling for.
You know, they were threatening my life.
They said, if you ever say anything about guns,
other than they're a lot of fun to play with,
we would kill you.
So I said, well, guns are a lot of fun to play with.
They are.
Although I haven't really been doing much.
Princess, we played with a gun more recently than I did.
But, listener, let me ask you this, listener Dave.
How does it change the way you think of the show if I tell you,
no, I was lying.
I always put on armor as soon as I get out of bed.
I'm armored up within seconds after...
My feet have never touched the ground, essentially.
They're shod before I ever leave the bed.
You wear large metallic boots, you're saying?
But here's the important part.
Princess, we.
Is always nude when she does the show.
Oh, well, I was hoping for somebody.
Remember when I said that before?
I was hoping at least one of you had the audacity
and the cruel nervous nerve power
to just rip off all those embodiments of Western Euro-civilization
and be a Paleolithic person who we assume
because all we ever see are illustrations and books and stuff
because we can't really see what a Paleolithic person looks like.
But we can imagine them, you know, like stabbing a huge mammoth with a stick.
Well, they basically look like Princess We looks right now.
Hey, was it the tawn?
It was the mighty tawn.
It was?
Yes.
Oh, good.
Yes, he came for about one full minute.
Uh-huh.
He was packing a mean load, that dog was.
Friends, I don't know if you could hear Princess We,
but I know this is important to our radio listeners,
but...
Come on.















Buddy, the limping dog who had too much of a good thing,
has peed.
And we don't mean Buddy Rich, the world-famous drummer and asinine DJ.
That means we can sleep a lot more easily tonight.
Or you can just crawl into a corner somewhere
and get into an argument with a baby scorpion.
Well, we know...
Oh, that happens every day here in Texas.
I got in an argument with a wasp today.
For the first time...
Possibly ever.
I'm not sure if I've ever been stung by the big red wasps that we get.
And when I say big, they're damn big.
They are damn big.
They're over...
About an inch long.
Oh, no.
They're more like two inches.
I wouldn't say...
From the bottom of their little feet.
Across their wings, maybe.
But wings, you know...
They're huge.
These things fly around my face all the time.
And they never bother me.
And I know I've never bothered them.
But today, one was perched on a doorknob on the underneath.
And I didn't see it.
And my hand touched the doorknob and the wasp.
And he stung my thumb.
And it hurt for about five minutes.
And then it kind of went away.
But you know what, Princess Wee?
I think he left a little part of his stinger.
Yeah.
Which makes me feel terrible.
I hope he doesn't die just because he had to attack me.
I hope he doesn't die, too.
Some bugs do.
For some insects, stinging is a suicide.
Yes.
Comma causa.
They rip their asses off when they're going after you.
Oh, man.
I'll tell you, the government's been ripping my ass off my whole life.
Which government stings?
They're all stinging all the time.
And all it does is just rips my ass off.
Which government?
Are you talking about Peru or Bolivia or...
Peru.
Norway?
The Perot government.
Why can't they all be from Norway?
The...
Yeah.
H. Ross Perot.
The guy who's been president for the last 35 years, man.
He likes Norway, too.
President for life, Perot.
The general, we call him.
The dictator.
El jefe.
El original.
We'd be a lot better off if that had happened, actually.
At least he had some sense.
His science museum in Dallas is...
Excellent.
It's excellent.
It's a little more excellent if you work for oil companies because it just has the most
glowing room full of the wonders of fracking.
Yes.
And there's even a cowboy singing about how fracking is great, but it worries some folks
too much.
Yes, it's a museum with a bit of an agenda.
Well, but it has better fossils than we have, but not as good as the Texas Memorial Museum.
Dave.
When we went to Austin to help with the movie a little bit and coincidentally go to parties
and hide from a mad bomber and catch a cold, we went to the Texas Memorial Museum on the
University of Texas campus, which has a huge collection of marine fossils from Texas, which
is the most boring subject for many people in the world because most Texas fossils are
actually taken.
Tiny.
But not for us.
We were excited.
Oh, it was like, well, I had to clean up at one point.
It was just so thrilling.
They had five drawers labeled Glen Rose Formation.
That doesn't mean they were gathered in Glen Rose or named.
It's a level of fossiliciousness that's strewn across Texas that is named after our area.
Oh, my God.

Oh, my God.
But you can find them all over.
Geological standard.
They are boring.
Standard meaning.
It's like these are what we're mostly talking about when I say fossils.
They're casts of snails and clams and corals and stuff.
Stuff that's actually still around in the ocean.
How boring.
Texas is supposed to be famous for everything being big, right?
Well, you know what's not big?
The deer.
They're about the size of Buddy.
They're tiny.
They're like a white-tailed deer.
They're really small.
They are small.
And the fossils.
I mean, sure, there's a few dinosaur fossils.
There's actually been quite a few excellent giant dinosaur fossils found in Texas and
lots of mammoths.
But most of them are smaller than your thumb.
Of course, I have a kind of a thing about life forms that are really small because they're
monsters too.
There are still monsters.
I thought you were ashamed of your thumb or something like that.
Isn't that the story you tried to tell me one time?
Back when you were a vampire hookup girl, you said you had like your thumb looked like it
was like one of Buddy's paws or something like that.
Yeah, it bends the wrong way.
It bends the opposite of the way it's supposed to bend.
It bends back.
Yeah, it bends back instead of forwards, which makes it...
That's why I throw like a girl and other things.
What does a girl throw like?
Me.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I masturbate like a girl.
Not like a baseball pitcher.
Well, I masturbate like a baseball pitcher too.
It won't be the first time.
Others masturbate like a basketball player.
That's a little faster and more active.
Yeah, that's what I was hoping for, but I was only 9'5".
There's ones that do it like a soccer player and they only use their feet and head.
Yeah, and they're like 5'9".
We don't really need to get into that.


We're going to do a measuring contest.
Yeah, never mind that.
See, like I said, this is a religious show, Church Is So Genius.
We got to remember to talk about Bob, our guru, our leader.
You know, the guy that said all that wise stuff we kind of forgot.
Pipeface.
Yeah, Pipeface.
Old Pipeface.
Bob makes no claims on divinity, does he, whatsoever.
He's just like an avatar for one particular period of time.
Oh, no.
Well, he's buddies with all the true gods.
The old gods as well as the new gods.
The vanda gods.
You know, he wheels and deals with them.
He's a glad hander, you know.
He's like, in fact, except for the pipe, the omnipresent and ubiquitous pipe, one might
say that he is very much like our current Pete POTUS.
What?
Is he like our...
Well, you know, Pete, there's a huge difference between Bob and President Trump.
Okay, they're both stupid.
What?
Oh, yeah.
Okay, right.
You know, a lot of people have said, well, Trump's just like Bob.
I mean, he's the stupidest guy in the whole world.
No, actually, Bob is.
And he's totally lucky because he never had to do a lick of work his whole life and just
everything comes to him.
I'm not sure that the way his attitude projects sounds lucky to me.
It sounds to me like he lives in a petty prison of bitterness and vindictiveness.
And no slack at all.
Who, Dobbs or Trump?
Trump.
False slack is not really better than true slack because it's not slack at all.
And I don't detect any slack radiating from Donald Trump.
Just the opposite.
Whereas Bob glows with the power of slack.
He's keeping it all for himself, but still he's an inspiration and he's smiling.
Yes.
That's a really big difference.
He doesn't have a puckered rectum for a mouth.
He has a great big wide mouth with a big pipe in it.
And crinkly eyes from grinning madly all the time.
Yes.
That'll never make up for the rectum part there.
So, Bob Dobbs for Work.
World Overlord.
Don't stop it, President.
Actually, you know, we were selling a button.
We sell a button that says, that Leamer invented, that says, don't blame me, I voted for Bob.
Yes.
Well, this was one of those elections where if you voted for Bob, I do blame you.
Yeah.
Di acquerto, signore.
I'm with you.
Blame is important.

Blame is important, of course.
Blame is what makes the world go round.
Blame is what keeps people joining religions.
They always have somebody else to blame besides themselves.
Yeah, but humans are always comparing themselves to perfection and it doesn't exist, at least
as far as their own perceptions of perfection go.
There's no such thing as perfection, except for the perfect slack of Bob.
Right.
That's what I meant all along.
Yeah, I know you did.
Sure you did.
I was just reaching for a compliment, mostly, but that's pretty much the psychological underpinning
of what I was trying to say.
P, T, Z.
Now, there is perfect pipe placement.
That was some hard P's on this.
It is a time of P when you use these microphones that way.
I have trouble keeping my P's, P's off the microphone.
Thanks, P's.
















Way to go, P's.
Oh, he's going to hear this show, Reverend P's going to hear this show and think it's
all about him.
I say it's my time of P's.
Well, it is all about him.
I haven't noticed any post-its coming out of my rear end for the last half an hour, so
I don't know what you're talking about.
Hey, the movie folks got in touch with Reverend Penn Jillette of Penn & Teller, who eagerly
told them that he'd love to be a director.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.


Well, he wanted to talk on camera with us.
He wanted me and Philo there, so I guess we're going to get a trip to Las Vegas.
That'll be great.
Of course, all I care about is the Science Museum and Death Valley, Valley of Fire.
I thought you were going to say the Sloth Fiend.
Well, I don't mind talking to TV stars that I super admire, speaking of which.
I don't agree with that.
I don't agree with Penn about everything, but he has tricked me so many times and then
came clean about it.
Just by using that show they did, that show, Bullshit, the one I'll have to censor for
college radio of all things.
Of all things?
Yeah, college radio.
In colleges, did you know they aren't allowed to cuss, but they have to talk about Karl
Marx?
That's what every class in every college is about.
Now, I don't remember it ever being mentioned anywhere in any college classes I was in,
but that was a long time ago.
Nor do I, although I did take a Soviet studies class one time to see what all the big hubdub
was about, and I was chased around by a rumor's pair of nurse-like LPN ants for the last 25
foot years.
What college was that?
How much does it cost to get in?
I want to do that.
It's Hemstron.
You've heard of Hofstra, of course, I'm sure.
Hofstra?
It's called Hemstron.
Hemstron.
And it's the product of a nervous basement, a couple of ultra-Freudian and Jungian psychotherapists,
both of whom are now deceased, who've become ubermensch.
I know nothing of this Hemstron.
Well, of course you couldn't.
Because you just made it up just off the top of your head.
You did not.
He's telling us facts.
I did.
She did.
Dave traffics in alternative facts.
Not like me.
The forbidden scientist clown.
I think we're both fake news philanderers.
I think we all are.
Because everything is, you know, the re-kerneling of truth.
Everything that we believe in is what we believe in, you know?
No, man.
No, science is true.
No, man.
















No, man.
No, man.
I just read a rant by a subgenius, maybe on this show, maybe not, I don't know, depends,
that was about the problems with science and how it steals slack from you.
It was beautifully written.
I completely disagree with almost every single sentence in it for the very reasons he's griping about.
Objective realism.
Which is?
Which I'm kind of hooked on.
Because I know it.
You see?
Now, see, he thinks that's...
Unknown caller.
Unknown caller?
No.
No, how do I...
There's somebody trying to interrupt me.
Do I hold and accept or do I end?
I'll end and accept.
No, I'll send a voicemail.
That's it.
So nobody ever calls me.
I don't know how to handle stuff like when I'm already talking to one person.
It's the telemarketers thing.
We all have them.
So just relax and pull your pants up.






Pull your pants down and turn around the other way.
I mean, that almost never happens.
I'm on the phone to somebody.
I'm not on the phone much.
I'm completely deaf.
Well, could you be wrong number?
Listeners, if you ever wondered why this show seems to not make much sense...
When that happens to me, I just hang up the call.
Call declined.
Call declined, yes.
Well, it didn't say your number.
I usually wait a while and leave them in with some spurious banter.
And then I burst out.







I burp real loud and chuckle and hang up on them.
Hey, speaking of serious banter, I think it's time for this part of the show to end.
Well, that's a serious banter.
It seems like we just started with Dave.
Where's the spurious banter?
No, we didn't just start with Dave, actually.
I've been recording for 41 minutes, although he...
And that started when Dave came back from getting his chair.
That doesn't include Dave going to get his chair or you going to get your watch.
Which only took two minutes.
At the last minute.
Which we automatically assumed it took 22 minutes.
Or me doing that guy's rant when I was supposed to be calling Dave.
It's almost like subgeniuses can't stick to a schedule or something.
Something like that.
Well, our little dog does stick to a schedule and when he has the time, the big time of
pee, he does go and pee.
Well, don't we, most of us do that?
One way or another.
Now, if you're at a concert, you got to wait in line for five hours after 10 beers.
That's pretty serious.
Yeah, it looks so smelly in there and stuff and people urinate on the floor.
They never shake twice.
They just like walk away.
Oh, you've been to the Euclid Tavern.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Perfect.
It's just that our little canine unit hadn't gone for over 24 hours.
That's all.
The Euclid Tavern was sad though.
It was so bad.
It was.
Oh, it was the worst.
Are they going to close these people down?
Oh, they are.






It was closed down a long time ago because the guy who inherited it kind of forgot to
renew the liquor license over and over again.
That's what I heard.
Well, that's important when you have a bar.
You got to make sure you forget to-
That was a shame because, I mean, Einstein's Secret Orchestra, the band you were in, played
there a lot and I ranted there too.
Oh, they weren't the only ones.
That was a great place to go.
Yeah.
Yeah, they shot that movie, The Light of Day, there too.
Remember that?
Yes.
I don't know anything of it.
Pat Benatar.
Actually, I think Howard the Duck may have been shot in there, partly.
Partly.
No.
It was shot in Sacramento.
Sacramento?
Playing Cleveland?
That's fake news.
I know.
How dare they?
And the lake they had there, instead of being like a real great lake, it's like this
pond that the average person would think of as a lake and stuff.
And they showed these real like jack in the box, I'm advertising, never mind that.
But they played all these, showed all these L.A. movies.

And I mean, they became a thing.

scenes, and it's like California scenes and they're supposed to be Cleveland or something.
Well now, you know, they use Cleveland for New York and Washington and D.C. all the time.
Indeed.
Those Marvel movies, the action street scenes are all shot in Cleveland because it's so
old.
Yeah.
And looks like New York in a few places.
And it's much, much cheaper to fill them in because it's full of starving Ohioans.
Yes, that's the story.
You know, I was watching Captain America.
He was telling somebody, oh, this is a secret lab here.
It's like, no, it's not.
That's the dam over at Lakeview Cemetery.
He's trying to kill.
And Captain Kirk's running around going, oh, we're inside the engine room of the Enterprise.
No, that's an abandoned brewery in Cleveland.
That's not the Batcave.
That's another abandoned brewery in Cleveland.
God.
Which movie was this in now?
All of them.
When they have to make Cleveland look like New York, they have to add more buildings in the background digitally.
And when they have to make it look like Washington, D.C., they have to take them away.
Because nothing is allowed to be a bigger, well, let's say a penis than the Washington Monument or something.
Everything has to be shorter than the President's pipe.
Are you accusing or confusing?
Are you somehow adhering that the National Monument of our four fingers is a large penis?
They're all fake.
And they're all a bunch of big dicks.
Fake phalluses.
I know.
I'm going to have to edit some.
You just couldn't help it, could you?
Well, you know, I know that I have to edit that for the broadcast radio.
But I have a special plan for how to edit it, you see.
Two places at once.
Yeah.
Like a furniture salesman disguising himself as a marine lieutenant or a biologist of some kind.
You know.
Okay, man, we got to go.
It's like.
Because anything else we would record would just be extra that ends after the show.
So.
Okay, that's the end of the show.
Bye, Dave.
Bye.
See you, Dave.
We'll see you next time, man.
Okay, now it's part of the show that's.
Do you hang up again?
Yeah.
He doesn't get it.
I was going to blabber on and on about all the stuff you can buy from Church of the Subgenius.
How is that?
Like that membership pack.
Now, friends.
The Church of the Subgenius might get popular after this movie comes out.
And it won't be cool anymore after that.
You want to be able to say, I joined the Church of the Subgenius before it was cool.
Because once it's cool, it by definition is not cool anymore.
It's only cool as long as it's not cool.
In some ways, the band Devo had that problem, too.
Still does.
But yeah, friend, you want to be cool and thrifty.
Because the price for the minister pack is going to go up.
It's not just a piece of paper gimmick.
It's a whole bunch of pieces of paper.
Some of them are stapled together in little books.
And there's great big giant pieces of paper you put on your wall.
And there's a little tiny cardboard thing that makes you into a minister.
And you can marry people and do ministerial type things.
If you want to.
And you can meet other subgeniuses if you want to.
But that's not an option if you're not a member.
I mean, you may run into a bunch of other gimme bobs like yourself.
That get on Facebook, can't spell Bob's first name right.
Which is a lot of them.
And there's a lot more lately.
Because that TV star Nick Offerman from Parks and Recreation.
He met us at that party and he started bragging it up.
On his Twitter.
And we suddenly got orders.
I've mailed out five memberships a day for about a week.
For us, that's a lot.
I had to print Dobbs heads again.
I ran out of Dobbs heads.
I had to quit making membership packs.
I ran out of Dobbs heads.
Good lord, man.
You get a decal of Bob's face.
Along with an 8.5 by 11 frameable portrait.
And a shiny metal button with his beautiful face.
That shiny metal button is why it has to be mailed as a large package.
And not as flat mail.
Oh.
Yeah, it's too thick to be mailed as paper.
It's not just paper.
It's full of cool stuff.
And it's only 35 bucks.
And it's going to be 45 next time I reprint.
I'll bet you.
Mmm.
But that's not all.
We have the book of the subgenius is still in print.
We sell it.
They're all autographed by me.
When you buy them from me.
We've got Dave's book, Neighbor World.
Um.
The little metal closing A-pin.
That's our second best selling item.
And we have about a hundred audio CDs.
And a dozen or more DVDs.
That are mostly anthology collections of shorts.
But one is a feature film, Arise.
Arise, friend.
Arise.
And all these things are not.
The book of the subgenius is 22 bucks.
21 bucks now, I think.
And don't.
Just ignore the Kindle version.
Don't go there.
They don't handle the graphics right at all.
Not at all.
I disapprove of it.
Although I did get a little royalty check for it recently.
Nice.
And so, no.
It wasn't very all that nice.
They're not that big.
And I'm supposed to.
I have to split them.
But even a little bitty royalty check.
Is better than none.
So friends, all you have to do is go to subgenius.com.
And I'll also give you our post office box.
For those of you in prison.
It's subgenius at Box 807.
Glen Rose, Texas.
That's pretty short.
Box 807, Glen Rose, Texas.
76043.
And yeah.
Yeah, it's great.
Oh, and another thing happened this week.
That we didn't.
I don't think we told Dave about.
We met a Glen Rose subgenius.
Someone in Glen Rose who's not related to me.
Actually joined the church.
After 10 years of curiosity, she said.
Right.
And she came over.
And we met her.
And she was really fun.
She's real cute, too.
She's a little bit of a weirdo.





Uh-huh.
And devilish.
She's a smart aleck.
Yes, she's a smart aleck.
Yeah.
And she's never heard this show.
And I'll bet you.
This would serve her right if she listens to the first part of this show.
And goes, it's just too confusing.
I can't follow it.
Never hears this part.
Where we're talking about her.
So that's what happens.
You turn off your hour of slack too early.
And don't listen to the ads section at the end.
The ads section at the end is where we can find.
Talk about stuff that we wouldn't.
Well, we can't on the public supported airwaves of the college stations that we love so much.
But it's where personal.
And free.
They're not all college stations, actually.
But indie stations.
Public supported.
Not commercial stations.
So that means we can't be commercial.
But the internet, for another couple of years, nobody gives.
We can get away with anything.
Oh, I'm sure.
You'll have to have a license to have a website soon enough.
I know.
You've been saying that for a long, long time.
And I believe you're true and right.
Yeah.
When I figured.
When Philo forced me to understand what the internet was around 1994.
I thought to myself, this is going to change everything for a while.
It's going to be a free for all.
It's going to be great.
And we better take advantage of it.
And in every way we can.
Before they turn it into television.
Which is basically kind of what it is now.
So, friends, this commercial has been brought to you by the Church of the Subgenius.
At subgenius.com.
True slack.
Whatever that is for you.
We'll see you next time.
