When the Security Council of the United Nations met Bob Dobbs in New York,
radio faced the task of broadcasting its historic sessions.
Few listeners had the time to devote to a meeting of six or seven hours.
This station therefore prepared a specially condensed version.
The subgenius hour of swag.
The tape was then edited down to our show.
It was then re-recorded and finally broadcast at night
when the largest audience could listen.
The program became so popular that the station was requested to release it to the United Nations
so that they could broadcast it themselves, thereby providing another source of income.
For the value of radio time is judged by the amount of goods it sells to the public.
This is independent radio in a democracy.
Have anyone who bit the nose can点 the flipAPY apolig flour视 temple
head Can not be irritation
znecki
TV

Law Enforcement




English English English English English Portuguese Photoshop Subscribe to n sounds Dieses warstavovar
That's all, that's pretty dumb.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?



Bob?
Bob?
Bob?

Bob?




Bob?

Bob?
Bye-bye, Fernanda Nende, Limor.
After sterilizing all of the little children by the fire
and making sure that they were safe,
and making sure they'd never make babies with big orange heads like them,
we commenced to sing a song.
Old Uncle Floppy was the head clown,
and believe me, the children just loved him.
The sores were still bright and burning,
and there weren't very many things they could say.
Many of the tongues had been removed.
But he was... Uncle Floppy was so great.
He was so great.
Everybody loved Uncle Floppy.
He talked about Bob and the Church of the Subgenius.
Oh, he...
He talked about the law, or whatever that...
He talked about...
And they hit each other and threw pies,
and then knocked each other down,
and they were little and funny, and...
And they sang in a cacophonous sound.
It was like the Munchkins in The Wizard of Oz.
Oh, a troll.
It kept you from talking.
That was the best thing about it.
Those clowns, they just...
They kept you from...
Hanging on, man.
From having to talk.
They just filled everything up...
They stopped you from believing, man.
...with fun.
That's what's wrong with you now, man.
The cork's out.
You're evacuated.
All the belief is gone, man.
You've got no more belief left to go.
Come on, buddy.
Buck up.
There's just three more miles.
Bob said,
Believe me out of it, dude.
Bob said a lot of things that didn't make any damn difference to anybody.
He was a liar then.
He's a liar now.
He's just perfected his lying arts.
His ability to deceive and confuse.
But he was honest about it.
I suppose if you bold-faced lie,
and then you confuse and deceive behind the scenes,










and then you say,
I didn't say that's what you're doing,
then say you're not,
because it's like the lion's sister in the mountain,
and the two of them were stuck together at the mid-drift hemispheres.
It's like that.
But if not, it's...
Well, no.
I mean, often, when he was a salesman, he always just dressed his best.
But when he would go out and preach,
he had the word liar written in thick magic marker across his forehead.
But nobody paid attention to that, man.
They looked at his shoes, man.
They were so shiny and bright.
No, they thought that was part of his message.
They thought that was what guaranteed that he was telling the truth.
That's serious.
Because he was the one guy that had liar written across his forehead.
It guaranteed the laughs.
It kept the small force going.
It'd make things bright.
But no, no, man.
It was the shoes.
Do you remember?
They were shiny.
No matter what he did, though,
he kept losing ratings to Rush Limbaugh.
Yeah, and he kept on...
They just...
They went for the subtle approach,
rather than the direct, honest approach.
And then after the third year, he kept on gaining...
Dishonesty.
...radium, and then he was more dishonest.
And the next thing you know,
he had taken over the clear channels all over the places.
He was the one.
He was the one, man.
The big, big, big one.
I...

Speaking of big ones,
I was looking through some article in some paper
about local radio stations,
and it turned out that they were all owned...
All 20 or so stations were owned by only three different people,
who also are the same ones who own that many stations...
The Puppet Meister.
...in every city...
Yes.
...in every town,
in every planet.
We know who the puppeteer is.
It's Rupert, baby.
Rupert is the puppeteer.
You know, man.
He pulled the strings.
He make the man dance.
No, if you know his name,
then that's not the puppeteer.
That's only one of the puppets.
For his name shall not be named,
his name shall not be known.

Somebody owns Rupi.
You can't follow the strings up that far.
No, man.
It'd be easy to cut them if you could.
If you'd like to know the real truth,
the strings go on beyond this planetary sphere.
They go way, way, way, way out there.
Well, they're very sophisticated,
because now they have puppets that can work puppets.
You see.
You don't know how many puppets down the line you are.
There's not...
Notice, you're not running a marionette right now.
Can you fly this plane and land it?
Shirley, you can't be serious.
I am serious.
And don't call me Shirley.
I am Shirley.
We're all Shirley, aren't we?
I am Shirley.







I am Shirley.
And I am Shirley?
Oh, my gosh.
Oh, my goodbye,
Steve.



zwłąрон
You are listening to the voice of Lemuria Radio Service.
Attention. May I have your attention please?
This regularly scheduled program has been interrupted to bring you the inaugural broadcast of the voice of Lemuria Radio Service.
My name is Captain Willard Vroom, commander of the Lemurian airship Spirit of St. Elmo, the flagship broadcasting platform of the voice of Lemuria.
Currently cruising at 65,000 feet above the Pacific Rim, the Spirit of St. Elmo is beating this broadcast into conspiracy occupied territories.
The voice of Lemuria Radio Service brings you information and entertainment unavailable in conspiracy controlled media outlets.
This lack of worthwhile news and music should be evident to all but the most dim-witted mass media consumer.
You have been consistently lied to and force-fed bland idiotic fare in the form of pop culture and infotainment.
Many are the forces that would keep you ignorant and bored.
Heartless, soulless corporations grubbing for yet more money.
Sinister, vampire-like government entities seeking to further their hidden agendas.
Cags, and other things that are not in the system.
Flesh-fattened, Texas-based religious cults attempting to expand their sales of t-shirts and marital aids.
All of these groups would deceive you to achieve their own twisted goals.
But no more.
The voice of Lemuria is now available to bring you the true sounds of liberty.
We offer you the unvarnished truth about the nature of reality and how you can use it.
Break the bonds of ignorance and satisfy your own wants and desires and twisted needs.
The voice of Lemuria can help you achieve all of this.
Lemuria represents the last unsullied territory in this area of the cosmos.
It is the final hope for all those who realize that the general situation has gone way past what can be considered tolerable.
The voice of Lemuria offers you truth and hope through information and entertainment.
But enough of that for now.
I'll be back later with further information.
For now, just sit back, relax, and enjoy.
I'm a man of the world.
I was born in the land of war.
I try to be a hero.
But the warriors let me wait.
Maybe...
...I was wrong.
Maybe...
...they can arrive.
You are listening to the voice of Lemuria Radio Service.
Lemuria Radio Service
Lemuria Radio Service
What the hell are you looking at?

Lemuria Radio Service





My TV is a watchin' me.
My TV is a watchin' me.
L. Ron Hubbard is a messin' with me.
The bats are flyin', baby.
Can't you see?
All the CBS I is watchin' me.
I never ever had a problem.


need my lithium, baby, can't you see?
Oh, yeah.
My TV is watching me.
Oh, my TV is watching me.
You know, a solar flex ain't nothing but a very expensive hat rack, baby.
Oh, and my goal in life is to be picking my nose on TV because my TV is watching me.
I can't find my remote.
I can't find my remote.
I don't know where it's going.
My TV is watching me.
I see Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie.
Malcolm X is a hat.
Martin Luther King is a street.
My TV is watching me.
I was a branch of Missouri and I was hooked on phonics.
My name's Carbuncle Jones and I'm supersonic.
I see the one, two, three faces of Bob.
I see the one, two, three faces of Bob.
Bob and the replacements.
Bob the subgenius.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob on three pieces.
Everybody sing.
My TV is watching me.
My TV is watching me.
I got Latter Day Saints messing with me.
They knock it on my door.
Won't let me in.
My TV is watching me.
Well, the outcasts will be heard.
You gotta speak the truth.
Make the weak and the greedy.
It's crap in their pants.
Oh, we can.
The greed of crap in your pants.
Oh, my TV is watching me.
Break me my lithium.
Break me my lithium.
My TV is watching me.
My TV is watching me.
My TV is watching me.
Take your eyes off of me, man.
Take your eyes off of me.
I have seen the beach I've been dreaming of.
You said it!
You said where to go.
You hadственно, babadum, chinala!
My harder words of love yourself sleep on the line,
no, you, who's that mother fucker you're notON
oh, Christ!
pathetic man!
fino!
You had your activate that love during sex.
That sexy facultum!
team of technical wizards are still in the process of fine-tuning the St. Elmo's high-powered
equipment to bring you the optimum in broadcasting quality. Similarly, once the expansive broadcast
studios and luxurious guest quarters have been fully refurbished, we will be expanding our
repertoire of entertainment and information to the finest level attainable, including original
musical programming, the trenchant and biting political commentary of There He Is, and perhaps
even trained chimpanzees on roller skates. For now, we are proud to present nostalgic entertainment
from yesteryear, from the classic radio serial genre, Porgy and Mudhead in High School Madness.
Porgy, die above.
Porgy, die above.
Like me?
Just a student like you.
Just a student like you.
Hey, doll, come and get it. Your clam cakes are getting damp.
Ten-four, Eleanor.
Whew!
Defoliating a victory garden certainly
works.
It works up an appetite.
You sit down, Father, and dig right in.
That's right. This afternoon, I'll be able to start digging the pit. If I can get some
work out of that boy of yours, I can have the bunker finished by election day. Where
is Porgy, anyway?
He's up in his room, helping Parson and make it to bed.
Oh, Porgy! Oh, Father! Oh, Father! Oh, I can't! Oh, I can't talk about you!
You can't! You can't come in, Mother!
He's so good with the servants, Frank.
Stop calling me.
Stop calling me, Fred. My name's Adolph.
Bob's away, Dad.
Morning, Mom.
Oh, hot dog!
Roast cakes again.
Heavy on the 30-weight, Mom.
Don't! Don't eat with your hands, son. Use your entrenching tool.
Oh, gee, Dad, I'm just trying to save time.
It isn't every day a guy graduates from high school.
How many times have I heard that before?
Well, you boys fight it out among yourselves.
Okay, Mother.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!

I've got to dress for my bridge club.
Gee, Mom, isn't that bridge built yet?
No, son.
And it won't be until free hands on both sides of the big ditch
can press the same button at the same time.
Okay, Dad, I give.
Oh, boy, can I eat my breakfast now?
Only if you stay out of trouble, boy.
Your shenanigans could cost me this election.
Oh, come on, Dad.
No Irishman can stop you from getting the big dog killer this time.
You're a natural.
Don't wolf your food.
Oh, oh, there's Mudhead.
Congratulations, here I come.
So long, Dad.
Keep flying.
Oh, that son of mine.
He's not your son, Fred.
Stop torturing me, Ethel.
Come on, step on it, Mudhead.
Oh, I'd love to, Porgy, but I got my two toes through the floorboard already.
Well, okay, then we could take the shortcut through Frogtown.
All right, we could stop off at Pops and dig some jugs.
Some what?
Oh, that Louise Wong's got a balcony you could use Shakespeare from.
Oh, not now, Mudhead.
They need me at the last meeting of the Philatelist Club.
I didn't know you were an oscillator.
Aw, creepies, Mudhead.
Where's your school spirit?
That's in the rumble seat.
You want to snort?
Oh, very funny.
Snort, who is it?
Gee, everybody at Moore Science High has an extracurricular activity but you.
Well, then will Louise count?
Only to ten, Mudhead.
You know, that's just it.
Just what?
Well, we're the leaders of tomorrow.
Yeah, but it's today.
Well, yeah, but what are you going to do tomorrow after we graduate?
Oh, well, I thought maybe I'd go out and find a bunch of guys.
That's like all around.
What?
I'm going to pick up a couple of girls.
Oh, is that all you think about picking up things?
Golly, Mudhead.
Don't you remember what Principal Poop put down at the pep rally yesterday?
Principal Poop?
P-E-P-E-P.
Moore.
Pep pills.
Pep pills.
Pep pills.
Pep pills.
Pep pills.
Pep pills.
Pep pills.
Pep pills.
Pep pills.

Pep pills.
Pep pills.
Pep pills.
Pep pills.
Pep pills.

Pep pills.
Yeah!
Pep pills!
Say something.
Thank you, fellow kids.
Quiet.
In addressing for the assembly this morning,
Thank you.
Thank you.
I am recalling the words of the founder of Moore Science High School,
Yucaipa Heap,
who pressed the first bricks with his own hands.
Who cares?
familial
There's some bas société, and that's quite far away, but you know it.
Okay, so come on, kids.
Line up, sign up, and re-enlist today.
Because we need more schooling for more students for more science high.
Thank you.
So you see, Mudhead, it's like the pooper said.
Said, with counter-subversive educational priorities the way they are,
well, it really helps our side to re-enlist.
Is that what you're going to do?
Oh, hell no.
Right after I graduate, I'm going to cut the soles off my shoes,
sit in a tree, and learn to play the flute.
Hey, look, buddy.
Watch it.
Where are you going to graduate from?
Holy Mudhead mackerel.
More science high.
It's disappeared.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
One, one, dollar, dollar.
Isolation, seclusion, paranoia.
Always looking over your shoulder to see if you're being watched.
And always keeping alert.
Waiting for your chance to finally make contact.
These are the anxieties I know firsthand,
because I was a cultist for the ATF.
From actual court testimony and declassified government records
comes the unusual story of Joseph Mama,
undercover agent for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms.
This is the real-life drama of Agent Mama,
who for nine fantastic years served America from deep within
one of her most feared and notorious cults.
I was a cultist for the ATF.
I was a cultist for the ATF.
When you pose as a cultist for the ATF, you're on guard constantly,
always wondering if the church leadership suspects you.
You can never relax, never forget who you are and what you do.
You must always stay alert, so you never make a slip,
never do or say anything wrong.
This is all part of my nine years as a cult member
in the dreaded Church of the Subgenius.
In a moment, you will hear one of the many stories
from the files of Joseph Mama,
undercover agent for the ATF.
And now, a story based on the real-life adventures of Joseph Mama,
undercover agent for the ATF.
When you're an undercover agent for the ATF,
you live the life of a spy.
You trust no one, tell nobody what you're really doing,
not even your own family.
And hanging over you every minute is the threat of exposure,
of being found out.
You know what that can mean, so you stay on your guard.
But still, you can't cover everything.
You can staytu Reporteduran.com
Hello I'm Joe alpha prime on all society
será
ss


purity
instruction
T
the station tonight. Joe, when are you going to come to your senses and break away from
this horrible outfit and... Mama, Mama. And move back home with the rest of us? Mama,
we've been through all this before. But those people are crazy. That man who was here, his
hair was wild and dirty. He looked dangerous. I'm a seitan or whatever his name was. I'm
a seitan. Ivan Stang, was that his name? Yes, that was it. Stang. Are you sure? Are you
sure that was his name? Yes, I'm sure. Joe, you're not in some kind of trouble, are you?
Trouble? Of course not, Mama. I gotta go now. I'll be calling you later. Bye.
Ivan Stang, Mr. Big himself. I didn't know what had brought him to town, let alone to
my parents' place, but it had me worried. Stang was a self-proclaimed sacred scribe
of the church. He had written many of its most bizarre teachings. The idea that the
subgeniuses were persecuted by some sort of conspiracy. The notion that church members
were masterminds.
The idea that the church was a race destined to rule normal human beings. The mad dream
that Bob Dobbs would one day rise from the dead to take over the world through revolution
and murder. These were all theories from the twisted mind of Ivan Stang. Church prophet,
leader, and executioner all in one. I showed up at the station at 9 p.m. It was a community
radio station that the church had paid off to play their brainwashing radio series. How
Americans could actually listen to that crap made me sick.
But I had to play the part. Three men were waiting in the conference room. Dr. Howe and
St. Jane are hyperclites, I knew, but the third one was a silent stranger with long,
stringy hair.
Joe, glad you could make it. We've been trying to find you all evening, man.
Hey, Howe. I'm sorry I'm late. I didn't get home until early this morning, and Mom
almost forgot to relay the message. Oh, hey, Jane, how's it going?
It was going fine until yesterday afternoon.
Yesterday afternoon? What happened?
Uh, Joe, this is Reverend Stang. He flew in from Dallas last night.
Ivan Stang? The Ivan Stang? Well, of course. It's an honor to meet you, sir. I've always
wanted to. I listen to your show all the time. I think you're great. You really get the word
of Bob out to the masses.
You better shut up and listen carefully. Brother Stang is here on important business. Very
important business.
Yeah, Joe, or Brother Mama. We had a bit of a setback yesterday. You were...
You may want to take a seat at the end of the table.
What's this all about?
Brother Mama, you said something about getting home early this morning.
Yeah, so?
Are you sure you even went home?
What do you mean?
Puzzling evidence was waiting outside your home all day in a parked car. He just phoned
and said you still hadn't shown up.
Hey, look, what's this all about? What difference does it matter what time I got home? And what's
the idea of having puzzlers spying on me?
That's enough, Brother. Just calm down. There's no reason for you to get excited.
I'm not excited about a few questions. Unless, of course, you've got something to hide.
Why all of a sudden the interrogation? Everyone knows the work I've done for the church.
Perhaps we know only part of the work you do, Mama.
Janeer, I'll handle this if you don't mind. Brother Mama, since I know you're wondering,
let me tell you why I'm in town. There seems to be a plumbing problem here. We've been
experiencing a few leaks of information. My job is to find that leak and plug it.
I don't get it. What does this have to do with Mama?




I'm getting to that. But first, tell me what you know about Dobstown.
Dobstown community? Why, it's a private compound. The subgenius church finances to indoctrinate
and brainwash new abductees. Since it's across the border, the government has limited jurisdiction,
of course. Then again, if they knew what we did to the young women and children there,
they'd close us down in a heartbeat. But we're careful. No messages get in or out.
Who knows about the stockpiling of weapons?
Just me, Brother Howe, and you.
Well, and Jane or Hypercleets. And of course you. We didn't want to give the government
any legal grounds to cross the border. But if they had found out about the stolen army
weapons, that would provide them with just such an excuse.
Exactly. Only four of us knew. And yet, all four of us have unquestioned loyalty to Bob's
church.
I don't get it, Stang. What are you driving at?
Just this. At 2 p.m. yesterday afternoon, Dobstown was raided by the ATF and all our
weapons confiscated.
Now they're holding members who have been in the area for years. They're not even in
the area.
They're just a bunch of people who they claim want sanctuary from the church. Before you
know it, civil suits will be filed and who knows what other problems will arise as a
result of this raid. All because someone got information about our stolen weapons.
I was caught off guard. I hadn't heard about the raid. I needed time to think. The three
of them sat there, watching for my reaction. The heat was on. I could feel it.
Of all the lousy luck, how did they find out?
We were hoping you might know, Brother.
I sure wish I did. I'm a little bit scared. I'm afraid I'm going to have to go to the
hospital.
I don't see what could have possibly gone wrong.
It would almost seem as if the ATF had been tipped off about it.
Tipped off? No one knew about the weapons except the four of us. Tipped off by whom?
Tipped off by you, you dirty rotten rat.
Now wait a minute, Jaynor.
Mama, the evidence at the moment seems to bear him out.
Evidence? What evidence?
Puzzling evidence. And the process of elimination. It seems highly unlikely that Jaynor Hypercleets
or Brother Howell would be traitors.
They've been in the church for years, almost as long as I.
Well fine, but why pick me?
You're the only other person that knew anything about the guns, and that's the excuse they
used for the raid.
So I'm elected, eh? Is that it?
I'm afraid so, unless we get different information from those still under arrest. Meanwhile,
you'll check in at the Bandito Hotel with puzzling evidence. He'll stay with you until
we get all the information necessary to make our decision.
Stay with me? You mean guarding me, that's what you mean, isn't it?

Yeah, you could call it that. Puzzling evidence will be guarding you.
Puzzler and I checked in at the Bandito Hotel about an hour later. I was on the spot and
I knew it. But I did have one advantage. I knew Stang and the others were only guessing.
They had no real proof of my connection with the Bureau. If I could manage to slip a red
herring, some other fall guy... A plan began to shape. Somehow, I had to contact the ATF,
and fast.
I got my chance when Puzzler took one of his all-too-rare showers. I waited until he had
the water running, then I eased the phone off the hook very gently and dialed the Bureau
number.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms Toll Free Tip Line, Agent Jackson speaking.
Would you like to turn in a gun owner anonymously?
This is Agent X-1.


I'm Agent X-1. I'm an assistant to Sergeant X. I'm the head of the
S.Y.Z., the Dobbs Town business.
Oh, you! Sorry we couldn't warn you. They got a shipment of bazookas, so we had to move
in on them. Where are you now?
At Bandito Hotel, Room 417. Look, I need to make contact tonight.
Okay. Where?
Downstairs in the Bandito Grill in about an hour. Puzzling evidence will be
covering me. It'll have to be smooth.
Check. Bandito Grill in one hour. We'll get to you. Be careful now.
Hey, Puzzler, what's the three-letter word for disease-carrying rodent that you use in



that resembles a large mouse.
Hey, how should I know?
Three letters resembling a large, dirty rodent.
Hey, maybe it's the ATF.
Yeah, good guess.
But the first letter is an R.
Oh, gee, I don't know.
I hate those things.
I hate puzzles.
Look, you don't really think I work the lousy ATF, do you?
It ain't up to me, Joe.
All I'm doing is making sure you stick around
until they make up their minds.
After that, well, I do what they tell me to.
Well, I'll find out tomorrow.
How about something to eat?
You got sandwiches or something?
The grill's open downstairs.
We can get something good there.
Who's buying?
I'll buy.
Well, as long as it's still in the hotel,
I don't see why not.
Wait a second.
37 horizontal.
Slang term for a gullible person who is easily fooled.
Four, five, six letters.
Forget it, Joe.
I don't know nothing about that stuff.
Oh, wait, I got it.
S-U-C-K-E-R.
Sucker.
Okay, puzzler, let's go.
The crossword puzzle was only a blind.
I had folded a piece of notepaper underneath it.
Along with working the puzzle,
I scribbled some quick instructions
to pass along to the bureau
if they were able to make contact.
It was all up to them.
It was a late supper crowd
and the grill was about half full when we walked in.
I took a booth in the corner and ordered some food.
I looked around, trying to spot my contact.
No luck.
Several minutes passed.
Then some blonde number
with a dress so tight it looked painted on
decided we were available.
Hiya, boys.
Mind if a lady sits down?
Why, sure, baby.
Just slide right in beside me.
Nah, you're too anxious.
I'm gonna sit over here by Mr. Woman Hater.
Where do you get the woman hater idea?
How'd you act like it?
You're unfriendly.
You know, you remind me of a fella I saw in the elevator.
He thought he was so cool,
but all the time he was X, Y, Z.
You know, his zipper needed examining.
Oh, I see.
Hey, the music's on.
Stop.
Anybody got some spare change?
Why, sure, baby.
What you wanna hear?
Play some Devo.
I'm crazy about Devo.
Sure thing, darling.
Okay, honey, it's Agent X, Y, Z.
Are you from...
Sally Dean, Washington office.
I just got transferred here.
What's up?
Plenty.
They've got this goon on me
until they decide whether or not I work for the Bureau.
Hold still.
I'm slipping a paper into your pocket.
Got it.
He'll be back in a second.
Most of the instructions are on the papers.
Tell them to use Agent Jackson for the frame-up.
My guard will...
We'll recognize him.
Jackson for the frame-up.
Check.
If they stick the coffee shop from 7 o'clock on,
they should intercept Jayner.
The meeting isn't till 8.
Right.
And good luck.
Well, well, well.
Joe Mama.
Uh, Jayner?
Where's Puzzler?
And who's this chick you're with?
She ain't with him.
She's with me.
What are you doing here?
I live upstairs, you blockhead.
Oh, yeah, I forgot.
This is your hotel.
Where were you just now?
Feeding the jukebox.
What's eating you?
Get rid of the broad.
Now, hold on.
What's coming off here?
Hey, I bet you're a cop.
A plainclothesman.
I said beat it.
Why, sure.
Sure, officer.
I don't know these guys.
I've never seen them before in my life.
You didn't have to do that, Jayner.
He was just having some fun.
You were given an assignment.
Now get up to your room and stay there.
Both of you.
Yeah, but...
Come on, Puzzler.
He's frothing at the mouth already.
He probably has some date of his own to meet down here.
I wonder what the...
Poor guy looks like.
I'm gonna see you go down, Mama.
You and that smart aleck mouth of yours.
Sounds to me like you've got a personal axe to grind.
I always thought the church came first.
I wonder if you're as dedicated as you pretend.
Why, you, I oughta...
Give my love to what's-his-face.
Toodle-oo.
Jayner was a rabid hate-monger.
He carried a sullen, sadistic hatred towards the entire world.
Even the other cult members detested him.
That's what I was counting on,
because I had picked St. Jayner Hypercleans as my fall guy.
Kids, I'm afraid I've...
I've lost the most precious thing there is to me.
My personal slag.
Our children gather around.
The older girls come closer.
The ones who are starting to sprout.
Are you missing your slag, brother?
Have you no slag?
Well, praise Don.
Don brings slag.
To the slagless.
If you down in your mine or your quarry
have not enough slag,
why, R.L. Don Glodds will bring you slag.
Smooth.
And he will teach you the story
of the emists from outer space
who will come down to Earth
and slay you.
Save all those who spent their $31.
Oh, yes.
Praise Don.
Praise Don.
Don will let you play with your thermometer in the rain,
unlike Bob Dobbs,
who'll let you stand in hackneyed and short.
He's the kind of man who visited his block...
What was in that stuff?
Is that stuff or is it just something else?
Oh, that's that stuff.
We are Bob Dobbs, soldier.
Ain't it?
He ate it?
He ain't it.
He can't...
He can't...
He can't step thinking and hang down it all the time.
It just goes like bah.
It gets into your brain and then it just scrambles everything up.
Thank God we're into dawn now
and forgot that evil slagmeister Bob.
Trying to heal, you know,
those who've been brainwashed by the Bob cult.
Those who...
Are recovering.
Those poor people.
Recovering cult addicts.
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Are you hurt?
Bob!
Bob!
Hi.
You faker.
Steve, you know what this is, don't you?
It's a time space warp.
I'm not sure I know exactly what that is.
I don't suppose anybody really does.
We've seen some strange things tonight.
Strange creatures that we know don't belong on our planet.
God only knows where they came from.
Jenny and...
And Beth!
The vortex took them.
Just...
Just took them away.
Welcome to Sub G Sci-Fi.
When last we left our heroine,
Severia Yeti Blood,
she had pursued her nemesis, Lord Niki,
into the very bowels of the great starship,
Dobstown.
Give it up, Lord Niki.
There's no place left to run.
Never.
I'll hunt you Yeti until you're extinct.
I will have order.
Do you hear me?
Order for the billions and billions of star systems.
Order and discipline.
I've fallen for your conspiracy tricks often enough
to know you are full of crap.
You are not a clone of Carl Sagan.
You're an evil agent of the conspiracy.
But what will you do now?
I've magnetically fixed the luck plane in place.
All the odds are against you.
Permanently.
Typical conspiracy thinking.
How will your evil machinations ever hope to defeat...
this?
Good God.
That's the very pipe of Bob Dobbs.
How did you get it?
Sent $30 to the Reverend Ivan Stang.
You idiot.
How else would I gain access to the one true pipe?
Let me smoke from it.
I beg of you.
You disgusting conspiracy peon.
You don't smoke the pipe of Bob.
You let the pipe smoke you.
Don't do it.
If you fire that in here, you'll destroy the ship.
What makes you think that's not exactly what I intend?
You conspiracy fool.
But you also destroy the space fighters
led by Nikki Deathchick
that are even now surrounding the ship.
Commander Deathchick can take care of her squadron.
Worry about your own miserable hide.
Why are you doing this?
When we could rule the universe together.
I'll tell you why next year.
The Exists will definitely come to Brushwood
and rupture us all the way to Planet X.
You subgenius fools have been saying that for years.
Don't you realize you've been duped?
You must be insane to believe in that charlatan Bob.
That's exactly what a pink boy like you would say.
Now eat hot plasma bolts.
In a small way, I pity Lord Nikki.
He simply wasn't willing to pay the price
to find out what he really thought.
Tune in next week for more subgy sci-fi.
Ab-by the Bishop.
Bob Dobbs.
Velva.
Slug.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Through Bob off Eclipse at Dobbs Town.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Velva.
Slug.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Through Bob off Eclipse at Dobbs Town.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Through Bob off Eclipse at Dobbs Town.
Thanks.
This is low income students.
Some low-income students are encased in rock on public lands in Colorado.
These little creatures are poised to wreak havoc.
They say it violates the state constitution, creating a black market for...
Thanks.
And now back to the second act of our story based on the real-life adventures of Joseph Mama,
undercover agent for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms.
I was a cultist for the ATF.
Jayner followed us to the elevator to make sure we returned to our room.
What he did after that, well, I can only guess.
Puzzler and I turned in.
I lay there for a while, thinking, as I had done many times before.
This cult wasn't just operating in South America or Europe.
It was here in the USA, in my own country.
I had grown up and never even heard of the Church of the Subgenius
until...
I worked for the ATF.
Now it was all I heard about.
Child abductions, mind control, drugs, armed shipments, revolutionary plots, the whole rotten mess.
It was all here in my own backyard.
Most of the world knows nothing of the Subgenius Church.
Those who do think it's some kind of joke or religious satire.
Well, the only ones who are laughing are the subgeniuses themselves.
While the rest of society sleeps, the Church busily goes about laying the groundwork for their bloody takeover.
The so-called...
The so-called X-Day, where every non-cult member is eliminated in a general massacre.
The only thing between the subgenius and their sick goal was me.
And the ATF.
It was just before daybreak when the knock came at our door.
What's that? Who's there?
You better answer it and find out.
Who could it be at this hour?
Good morning. Glad to see you're up.
Brother Stang.
Joe Mama, have a seat over there by the window.
We have some talking to do.
Puzzling evidence? You can go back to bed. This doesn't concern you.
Sure. Whatever you say.
Let us review the facts of this matter again.
Now? This time in the morning?
There's nothing as truthful as a drowsy witness.
We've proved that often enough at the Subgenius Foundation.
Suppose we turn the lamp just so.
But it's in my eyes.
Exactly. Just another little technique of the Foundation.
We've just lost a very important tool in our lives.
We're in our fight against the conspiracy.
We seem to have a traitor in our midst.
I'm sure you're eager to help assist us discover that traitor so we can carry out the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Lean back, Joe. Relax.
Look into the light. There's nothing to worry about. Is there?
The questioning went on and on. Stang was clever. Very clever.
He reworded phrases and used trick questions.
But when he finally turned off the light and left, I felt fairly certain I hadn't given anything away.
Not that I was any closer to being in the clear.
That would depend on what happened outside the coffee shop between 7 and 8 in the evening.
Well, it's a quarter past 7. I guess we've got plenty of time to eat.
And still make the meeting by 8 o'clock.
Yeah, plenty of time. How's the crackers?
It don't matter. I'm so hungry I could eat a three-pound steak.
Careful now. That would be normal food.
Yeah? Wait till we get there.
I'm sure we'd take over and see what we feed then.
No share-in-share like, brother?
Not for those corporate yuppies. We'll be the big shots then.
All us guys who've done the dirty work.
What about the redistribution of the wealth? The slack for the common man?
Ah, phooey. That's dogma for the dupes and you know it.
We'll be the guys with the limos and harems.
Anyone who don't like it will be, bang, zoomed off the planet.
You know something, puzzler? You and I think exactly alike.
I kept talking to Puzzler as we ate our meal, but all the while I kept my eye out for Jaynor.
I knew his habits. He always left early for the 8 o'clock meeting, but when 7.30 came, there was still no sign of him.
I began to sweat. Finally, I spotted him leaving the hotel and crossing the street right in front of our window.
Look, there's Jaynor, leaving for the meeting. We better get going soon ourselves.
Jaynor? Oh yeah, there he is. Looks like he's running to a friend.
Yeah. I've seen that guy before.
Me too. Can't remember where, but he obviously knows Jaynor. Well, maybe not. Looks like he's just getting a match.
That fellow's doing a lot of talking, though.
Probably another fellow that lives in the... No, wait. Now I remember. That's the guy who picked me up once on a handgun violation. He works for the ATF.
What, him? Oh, you must be mistaken, Puzzler. He's a friend of Jaynor's. Look, he's shaking hands with him and pounding him on the back.
I ain't mistaken. His name's Jackson, and he's ATF.

How come he's so friendly with Jaynor?
I don't know, but I'm beginning to wonder.
Why? What's to wonder about? Jaynor's the guy they're looking for. He's the stool pigeon.
Oh, there must be some other explanation.
That match business is just a cover-up. I bet he handed a report or something to Jackson right then.
Or took something from him.
That's it. A payoff. For stooling on Dobbs Town. Look, Joe, you saw it too. I ain't imagining it. You'll back me up, won't you?
All right, if you insist I will.
It was eight o'clock when we showed up at the deserted warehouse. Stang, Hal, and Jaynor were already there, waiting. We went inside.
You're late, Mama. What's the matter? Afraid to face the music?
I've got nothing to hide. Like I told Stang at this morning's, uh, discussion. Well, have you come to a verdict?
Uh, Joe, our lawyer got in to talk to some of the prisoners from Jail.
They say they followed procedure completely. There was no way any information could have leaked out of that compound.
They figure it was a tip-off. A tip-off from the outside.
Then we're right back from where we started. Nowhere.
Nowhere? You're the only one it could have been. What more evidence do we need?
You call me?
Stay out of this, evidence.
So I get selected on nothing more than a wild guess. All the work I've done for Bob, the speeches, the publicity, the under-the-table stuff.
All that doesn't mean a thing.
It's a matter of security. For the good of the cause itself. Don't you agree with that principle, brother?
Why, of course I agree with it, but, uh...
Hold on a second. I've got a question here of my own I want to ask.
You're only here on assignment. Nobody's interested in hearing your stupid little question.
Oh, I think they might if they heard it.
Yeah, we can deal with you after we've dealt with the traitor.
But I'm not the traitor, I tell ya. I'm...
Jaynor! Who was that guy you met outside the hotel a few minutes ago?
The guy you were so friendly with.
I don't know and I don't care. This is more important.
Jaynor's right. This is hardly the time or the place to...
The guy's name is Jackson. He works for the ATF.
The guy who wanted the match?
Yeah, the guy you talked to.
Never seen the guy before in my life.
Then why'd he shake your hand?
How should I know? I just bumped into him.
When he bumped into me, he arrested me. But when he bumps into you, he pats you on the back.
I'd like to think there's another explanation, uh... Jaynor.
But you gotta admit, it looks a little fishy.
He commented on the weather. Small talk. Nothing more.
He gave you something, too. What was it?
Nothing. That's a lie. Search me if you want to.
I think that's a good suggestion under the circumstances, if you don't mind.
Go ahead, check me. Because they're lying. Both of them.
I only know what I saw, Jaynor. I didn't think twice about it until Puzzler recognized the man from ATF.
Come to think of it, it was Jaynor who accused Joe from the very beginning.
Almost like he had it in for him.
Of course he did. He was trying to cover up his own game.
This is ridiculous. Everyone knows that-
Quiet, Jaynor. What's this in your coat pocket? An envelope?
That's not mine. I-I never put it there.
No, of course you didn't. The Tooth Fairy did. Bet you know what's inside it, too.
It's money. All hundred dollar bills. Got something going on the side, Jaynor?
It's a frame-up. Somebody planted it on me. We've gotta get to the bottom of this and find out who's-
Silence, Jaynor! That's an order!
We've listened to your advice enough already. Brother Mama, it seems we owe you an apology.
Not at all, Brother Stang. I'm just glad I found out the truth.
I'm happy I can go on devoting my life to Bob and the Church of the Subgenius.
Thanks for the movie, Joe. I'm glad you're not sore at me for not taking your side earlier.
Not at all, Puzzler. You were only doing your duty, just as we all should.
I'll make it up to you, honest.
Hey, why not let me treat you to dinner? I owe you one. And the grill's just across the street. It looks like it's still open.
No thanks, Puzzler. Think I'll grab a taxi and get back home.
Maybe next time, then. I wonder what they'll do to Jaynor.
Oh, excommunicate him, probably. Beat him up and run him out of town, perhaps.
I wish they'd let me do the pounding. The way he always called me Dumbo. And all the time he was working for the ATF.
You just never know, Puzzler. You just never know.
Joe, it's a body!
Yeah, let's get out of here before that cop comes. Pardon us, please. Hey, excuse us. We gotta get through.
Joe, that was Jaynor.
It was Jaynor.
He couldn't take it. He couldn't face the disgrace of being kicked out of the church. He took his own life.
Maybe. But then again...
I didn't know if Jaynor had dripped or jumped or whatever else out there.
I don't know for sure. But I do know that Stang left town that same evening.
As Dr. Howell put it, his work here was finished.
I left Puzzler and walked along the street, alone. I felt sick.
Maybe Jaynor deserved what happened to him, but I never planned on putting him in that kind of spot.
I tried to push it all out of my mind. An undercover agent can't afford feelings any more than he can afford friends or family.
My one main objective was still safe. I was on the job. Still a cultist for the ATF. I walked home alone.
In a moment, Agent Mama will return with some closing comments about cults.
This is Agent Mama. Many of these stories are based on actual events that occurred during my nine heart-stopping years as a cult member for the ATF.
Although the names and places have been changed to protect the innocent, all events did take place as depicted within the continental USA.
Our country, America, must be kept strong, must be kept free of the pestilence of unwanted cults.
We, who love this country, must constantly be on the guard against these traitors.
The Founding Fathers never envisioned the use of mind control techniques or brain-altering drugs used by today's sinister cults.
That's why we, the ATF, must assume extra-constitutional powers to eradicate these weeds from America's sacred soil.
Join us each and every week as we continue our crusade.
This week's program is dedicated to real-life hero Boston City Councilman Ken Reeves,
who, after hearing an anonymous phone tip, activated local police authorities and banned the subgenius cult from recruiting in his fair city.
The ATF salutes Ken Reeves and other real Americans for protecting our communities.
Featured in tonight's story were Joseph Mama as Agent Mama, Ivan Stang as Reverend Stang, and Janer Hypercletes as Janer.
Tonight's cast also included Craig Mitchell as Puzzling Evidence, Nicky Michaud as Mama's Mother,
Jeff Howe as Dr. Howe, Wayne Aiken as Agent Jackson, and Willie Gordon as Agent Sally Dean.
Your announcer is Gary Evans. This is the Blue Network.
If you want to make it easy...
And you want to take a hike...
Then you'll get an Eagle Tail.
And you'll always know you're right.
It's the life and better...
Better together!
Mellow, mellow brew, Eagle Tail.
Never afraid!
It's the better, better brew for you and you and you and you.
It's the better, better brew for you and you and you and you.
Uh, yes, my friends, I should probably explain why that, uh, uh, production there, uh, by Reverend Kirsteiner sounds...
The way it does.
For various reasons, um, it, uh, ended up being recorded inside of a tent at Brushwood...
At around 12 noon on July 5th, 1998.
Uh, long time listeners should understand, uh, what that implies, and, uh, perhaps why your prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang, said...
Sounds the way he does.
That, uh, why certain other subgeniuses had to fill in for the parts of the original subgeniuses.
Uh, yes, ee-ha!
But the show must go on.
Uh, um, please wait a little longer while the show is ridiculously followed like earlier in the show.




But you should know, uh...
I am remarkable.

Uh...
And unique.
Uh...
She's a champion, in a way...
Thanks.

You're welcome.
Say what you want, sex.
The amino acids.
It's.
Dear parent, this is.
According to USA Today, I'm more alarmed than ever about the quality of our children.
They're at an all-time low.
For example, here at Arizona State University, science and math are dead last.
According to USA Today, I'm literally staggering throughout America.
The good news is, it just keeps getting worse.
It just keeps getting worse.
It just keeps getting worse.
It just keeps getting worse.
Oh, bad, bad, bad.
And there's so.
There's so much more bad to be had at www.subgenius.com.
That website will tell you about the living church.
If it's money you want, we'll send that to Post Office Box 2.
Well, this is where you can write to the business office.
Post Office Box 204206, Austin, Texas.
877-78720.
I just got back from a trip to visit the beautiful new Austin facilities,
which are run by Jesus and his wife, his beautiful wife, Mary Magdalene.
It was so great to see that busy operation down there.
And friends, if you have tapes you want us to hear in Subgenius Land or CDs or whatever,
send them to me, yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang, at Box 181417.
That's Post Office Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
44118.
And praise Bob.
Oh, and now more of this.
This orangutan has clothes.
No one likes it.
This chimp clean and well-groomed.
But it's no bonobo.
But how can we prove that we can measure an animal's problems?
Well, you can study these gentle red giants.
But how can we know they are looking at themselves?
Very few certainly do.
One of the reasons they're so sociable, they do each other to play.
This is monkey dolphins.
Tourists are allowed to enjoy watching them.
The Bahamas are the best place in the world in the wild in action.
Each dolphin has its babies of their mothers.
So it's no language too.
Many dolphin scientists picking the nose recognize themselves in social lives.
But one slightly drains.
So what?
All great apes are looking after their loving tourists.
It's possible to encounter others.
Some scientists may not be able to speak, but does seem to be talking to his friends.
He's been taught to reply using words.
The scientist performs some odd tasks.
Can you get the refrigerator?
So these animal brains are probably the easiest to see.
They look manipulating termites.
Since then, the males even have ties.
They are fun.
But our closest relative is an experience you'll forget.
It's here.

You want to spit on you.
Good. That's a wonderful thing.
Pick a lesbian.
Suffering 80 years out of her body.
She's all gone.
Oh, why are you so late?
Oh, Jesus.
Ready? Put down.
Oh.
Well, it landed softly for coming out so hot.
It didn't go but about 15 feet after it landed.
That's a good one.
Samantha Dundee, Nemo.
