Your attention, ladies and gentlemen. Your attention, please.
Announcing the arrival of the...
The Genius Power of...
I don't like it, Joe.
Yeah, me too.
We'll just have to sweat this out.
Handle whatever it is when it happens.
Joe, maybe if you went to him and said that you had to change your mind about Bob...
From PR News in Washington, I'm broke in Los Angeles and ripe for more wild hot sick face-to-face at the school.
Um, um, and, um, and so to, um, shh.
The federal government shot up 4% for the first time.
The Commerce Department says 2.9%.
PR News remains unresolved.
On Wall Street 22, 16889.
Near Spokas, Granston and Granston, Washington.
Fire spokesman Jamie Moore says this is PR News.
Speaker 2 Rada Rung gets mad.
Power the hell out of Matt Le Marchendele.
May shortly persevere.
My shorter persevere.
Why?
Should should
this same year?
Why should you persevere?
A little upbeat.
Stuff a little bit.
tastes like replaces
went out of my example
and looks like bob needed
work
but
of
that
I say, Poop, I think this calls for a celebration.
How about a game of cup and ball and a slap of pee at Mrs. Meaghan's pie shop?
Bob?
Bob.
Bob!
Bob?
Bob!
Bob!
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
We're a couple of fine lads together, aren't we?
Let's get russet and talk about girls, eh?
I'm gonna get you up.
I'm gonna get you up.
I'm gonna get you up.
I'm gonna get you up.
He's Bob.
He's Bob.
He's Bob.
He's Bob.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob.
Always good to Bob.
He's Bob.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob.
Always good to Bob.
This place is one thing.
He's Bob, Bob don't ever change He's Bob, always the blue Bob
He's Bob, Bob don't ever change He's Bob, always the blue Bob
His hair is the one with the highlight That shines on the pomegranate door
That dimmers and dreams in the twilight And still he knows what it's for
He's Bob, Bob don't ever change He's Bob, always the blue Bob
He's Bob, Bob don't ever change He's Bob, always the blue Bob
His vibe is the blue Bob
His neck is the one with the dowel That rings on the brooch like fire
His neck is the one with the waddle In the flame in the folks desire
He's Bob, Bob don't ever change He's Bob, Bob always the blue Bob
He's Bob, Bob don't ever change He's Bob, Bob don't ever change
He's Bob, Bob against the recent жеb
He's Bob, Bob , missing our
If you want to say hello to the business end of the law
Say what you want, put on a show
Or have a hobby
Take a joke
Take a joke
Take a joke
Take a joke
Take a joke
If you want to make a splash
You don't need to make cash
Gather your friends, make them laugh
But the last laugh will be on you
Say what you want
Take a joke

Take a joke
Take a joke

Take a joke
Take a joke
Really good
Cute
+,
dlatego

rope
taką
Don't really matter what you do or what you say
If you're hurting, it'll be the time you better run away
Don't really matter what you do or what you say
If you heard the little feelings, boy, you better run away
Don't really matter what you do or what you say
If you heard the little feelings, girl, you better run away
Don't really matter
No, it don't really matter
It don't really matter
It don't really matter
Oh, it don't really matter
Matter, matter
Shaz-Bot!
Pull the wool over your own eyes
When time's too tight
Give yourself some slack
When time's too tight
Give yourself some slack
When time's too tight
Give yourself some slack
When time's too tight
Give yourself some slack
Stuck here on this rock
Killing time watching clocks
Stuck here on this rock
Killing time watching clocks
Stuck here on this rock
Killing time watching clocks


Killing time watching clocks Stuck here on this rock
Killing time, killing time Woke up on the planet of the clocks
Can't ignore the beat, relentless tick and tock
Got some place to be, we won't stand in line Busy making money, how we spend our time
Pull the wool over your own eyes Pull the wool over your own eyes
Stuck here on this rock Killing time watching clocks
Stuck here on this rock
Killing time
Watching clocks
Stuck here on this rock
Killing time
Killing time
Yeah!
Woke up on the planet of the clocks
Can't ignore the beat, relentless tick and tock
Got some place to be, we won't stand in line
Busy making money, how we spend our time
Woke up on the planet of the clocks
Can't ignore the beat, relentless tick and tock
Woke up on the planet of the clocks
Planet of the clocks
Planet of the clocks
If time's the same as money, can we save time?
If time's the same as money, can we make time?
If time's the same as money, can we buy time?
If time's the same as money, can we waste time?
Stuck here on this rock, killing time, watching clocks.
Stuck here on this rock, killing time, killing time.
Busy. Busy making money.
Busy. Busy making money.
Woke up on the planet of the clocks.
Can't ignore the beat, relentless tic and tock.
Got some place to be, we won't stand in line,
Busy making money, how we spend our time.
Woke up on the planet of the clocks.
Can't ignore the beat, relentless tic and tock.
Making money, got some place to be, we won't stand in line.
Busy making money, how we spend our time.
Flipping oil, waiting figures down.

off-screen text by bookmaker at a kitchen table,

Can we waste time?
Can we waste time?
Can we waste time?
Can we waste time?
Can we?
Can we?
That was Max Slack.
And, yeah, Planet of the Clocks was by Reverend Max Slack,
who apparently still has maxslack.net somewhere out there.
Before that, the rock song Take a Joke was by Reverend Cuttlefish, I think.
Before that, there was a song, well, it was Dr. Howell's song, He's Bob,
that had been remixed into something called Ibiza Sunrise on the Dance Floor,
Dance Floor Remix.
But I'm not sure.
Who did that?
It might be Brother Just Bone.
I really like that.
My listener, please let us know, because we're assembling three.
We have just assembled three new Bob song albums.
You could say it was a triple album, but it's three albums.
And that one's on there.
The British Bobby Breaks was by Dr. Slackjaw.
The Al-Qaeda-sounding.
The Muslimic-sounding thing was by Reverend Ed Fred.
And our titles in PR News were, of course,
the great Fernand and Andy Lemur.
I'm now going to preach for about five minutes
from the Bobliagraphon.
I just turned your mic off, Princess,
on account of your holding a phone, and I don't know why.
Well, I'm listening to Dave.
Dave is on.
Oh, okay.
Well, good.
Go talk to him.
And I will talk to the listeners.
Of course there's an evil conspiracy of rich bastards.
There have always been several.
The new problem is that there might end up being only one.
It's bearable when there's several evil conspiracies of rich bastards.
One, though, that's scary.
If you've ever had a job working as a caterer or a prostitute,
or if otherwise had to mingle with the nobility,
even at the lowest hem of Dame Conspiracy's gown,
serving them drinks,
then you have a good idea how scary.
There is nothing more dangerous than a drunk, rich person.
But it's still scary only in a distant way,
like wars are distant.
For the lucky, anyway.
Oh, sure, we think, someday in the far future,
we'll devolve into mere work slugs for the Eloy overlords,
but obviously,
I'm not going to let that stop me from enjoying my computer games now.
The trick is to not sound too crazy when you talk about the conspiracy.
The do-gooders who rant about it all the time almost always sound crazy.
And they're doing just what they want them to do.
Your first duty, then, as a good subgenius citizen of what was once the world,
is to not go crazy.
Or at least...
is to learn to act not crazy.
That way, when you're joshing about the game and the babes over beer with Bub,
and you mention this or that bad thing that happened,
and how some of the crazy stuff you read about it on the web doesn't seem all that crazy,
well, Bub is just a little less likely to turn you over to the thought police immediately.
Months later, when Bob himself suddenly appears looking crazed and haggard after a long absence from work,
and collars you in the parking lot, screaming,
Did you know that AmeriCo is building concentration camps behind the mall?
I have a shotgun!
We must go free our fellow unemployed pot-smoking, porn-watching, working-class countrymen!
Or die trying!
He'll take you more seriously when you reply,
Don't get excited, dude.
I tried to tell you.
They won 200 years ago.
You can't fight people who can...
melt whole buildings with weapons in the sky,
advance beyond normal home hobbyist Ken.
You're real lucky you still have a job on the outside.
So quiet down.
Eject the shells from that shotgun and stop rushing headlong into their trap like an idiot.
And we probably shouldn't even be saying that much.
Hopefully we're not preaching to a choir that's already wearing Target-painted choir robes and tinfoil hats.
The million nameless missions for Slack are instead best embarked upon one or two people at a time.
Privately, like you know what.
Don't act like a nut around the wrong nuts is all we're saying.
Cautious, quiet subversion is about the most effective thing most of us can do.
From our cubicles here in the future.
If you think you can get away with more than that, have at it!
Just don't try.
Drag Bob into it with you.
He's got much bigger fish to fry,
and doesn't need the aggravation of having to rescue amateur freedom fighters from impregnable conspiracy fortresses.
Think of all the poor, exploited bastards throughout human history upon whose backs your wealth was built.
Their sacrifice was meaningless unless you take full advantage and enjoy the living hell out of everything you have.
Compared to the vast, seething anthill of billions of humans since 1 million BC,
most of us are relatively as rich as any Renaissance king.
So the full, hideous irony of the situation isn't lost on us.
We're just not going to let it get us down.
We just got here a few decades ago, most of us, and are completely innocent of, well, most of the injustices wrought by our ancestors.
The conspiracy is real enough.
But the conspiracy isn't the rich guys who run things.
The conspiracy we're talking about is much worse!
It's the one lurking inside the mind of every single one of God's monkeys.
It's inside you, and it's inside the presidents and prime ministers' real bosses, and in everyone in between.
Bob put it in Ayn Rand.
It's how us third-order chimpanzees, as the exes might call us, got where we are.
A vast, vicious arena wherein the biggest, meanest chimpanzee wins.
Only when we, as a race, can, like the great scientist Dr. Moreau,
root out the devil gene and rationally remake ourselves into overmen,
bereft of the cruel, pan-triglodyte, chimp nature,
and through scientific means force-evolve ourselves towards the ideal that we call the moral ideal,
the monologue of the world,
we can, like the bonobo chants,
or else, on X-Day,
only then, when the last vestige of the Hugh-Man has been replaced by the recreated Yeti,
then shall we find true slack and freedom for all.
All that remain, anyway, hopefully including lonesome cowboy Dave.
I hope including lonesome cowboy Dave.
Hello, Dave.
Rudy Cazooty.
How the heck's it going?
How are you, man?
There he is.
I haven't spoken to you in a full week.
What a week full.
Oh, I guess you haven't heard the news, then.
What is the news?
I haven't heard it, as you said.
Bob's dead, man.
For the 15th time?
Well, yeah, it's not the first time.
That's the lucky thing about it.
Oh, Princess Wee's mic wasn't on.
There we go.
Now you can talk to Dave on the phone.
Yay!
Now that we have Dave on the phone, on the show.
When Dave's not on the show, but on the phone,
you can't talk to Dave on the phone on the show.
But I wasn't talking to Dave.
I was only listening to messages of Dave.
A mess of Dave.
A mess of messages.
Synchronized swimming messages are left in the dark places.
In the deep subconsciousness of humankind.
Chase.
A little time bomb, so to speak, would go off when Bob dies.
But I wasn't aware of this time because, well, I just wasn't.
Oh, she's kidding anyway?
Too bad.
I wish he was.
Well, sometimes he is.
Yeah.
Sometimes he's dead.
But it's hard to tell, you know?
He doesn't really mess with us most of the time, does he?
Well, I don't know.
There's a lot of stuff coming out of that pipe and the thing attached to the back of
his neck between his cranium and his cranium there.
Right.
The medulla oblongata.
The M-O, so to speak.
Not the motor chaperone, but the medulla oblongata.
Yeah.
Stick an ice pick in that thing and see what happens.
Oh.
Go ahead.
Just try it.
Excuse me.
No, we shouldn't.
Listeners, don't try that.
Luckily, most of them don't know where.
No, we just did say where it is.
Yes.
Right above your collar.
Yeah, but we remind them that there's a lot of space there and a lot of places they could
miss and cause a lot of damage, so they better consult a physiognomy or anatomy bible sometime
soon.
Or avoid listening to the hour of slack.
Or a professional-
For their own safety.
Professional trepanator.
There you go.
Are there still those about?
We still have plenty of those in the yellow pages, do we?
You know, I believe that-

That there is an active trepanation society or two.
I remember at least not more than five years ago we were reading, didn't Reverend Sinek
bring in a whole printout of trepanators?
Yes.
He was excited about it.
He'd never seen anything that crazy before.
It was fresh, new, and novel for him.
To him, yeah.
We've already-
Nor did he try it himself.
I actually went to those people and had a small hole drilled, but it didn't really do
anything except bleed.
So I had it covered back up and then it plugged.
You didn't feel any-
You didn't feel any of the damage it might have done?
Your third nostril isn't a literal hole in your head.
It's really a gland in your foot.
I know that sounds silly, but it is your third eye, but it's located in your foot where
the soul and the soul are both located.
Yeah.
At least we've got that together as far as apologetics and catechesis and all that stuff
is concerned.
I think we've covered that thoroughly.
It's soul with S-O-L-E combined with E-S-O-U-L makes a mighty meaty pocket sandwich if you
have the time to sniff it up.
That's what Bob eats and that's what he's trading to the X-ists, the men from Planet
X for the Earth.
I've heard they can find them where they hail from.
What, Planet X?
Yeah.
Well, there's a kook Planet X and then there's the real Planet X.
When did they come out?
When other people who are not subgeniuses talk about Planet X, they're talking about
the Earth-like planet that is always just the opposite side of our planet from the sun.
That's why we can't see it.
That's where the false aliens come from because there's not really a planet there.
Planet X is a planet where the X-ists originally evolved, but it's not in this solar system.
We don't know for sure if it's in the Milky Way galaxy.
You know, that's the one thing about X-Day.
Everybody's going, we're going to go off in our space saucers.
Where?
Where exactly are we going?
Planet X?
It doesn't actually say that.
It says the men from Planet X are going to give us escape saucers.
It doesn't say where they're going to take us.
True enough.
Nor are they very specific about what form they're going to take us off the Earth in.
Yeah.
I mean, we're promised new planets.
We're going to have new bodies.
Well, does that mean you're really a brain in a jar that thinks you have a cool new body?
Yeah, much like in the brain that would not die.
You could just spend a lot of time in that place there, bubbling and jerking around and never coming up with any visceral physical experiences.
Well, no, the brain that would not die still had a head around it.
You're thinking of Donovan's brain or Nancy Reagan's brain?
Ah, Donovan's brain, yes.
Nancy Reagan's brain.
No.
Nancy Reagan's brain.
Which the third version of that starred Nancy Reagan.
Ah.
Who was Nancy, what's her name, Davis then.
Back then.
Yeah, and she did the little shots with the lingerie, the naughty nighties, stuff like that.
You know, she was not traditionally beautiful as an actress, and there are a lot of rather unflattering rumors about how she managed to even get to the top.
Let's get into B pictures, with her rather plain looks, but apparently she was good at, well, some types of acting, let us say.
Yeah, to providing some certain services to other actors and producers especially.
Right, that's, well, those are the kind of nasty things that people make up about people who get famous, partly because that's how some people get famous.
Yeah, it's true.
Poor Nancy.
Yeah, poor Nancy indeed.
And then she was also addicted to all kinds of cosmeals and prosthetic devices and drugs and so forth.
Well, and astrology.
I just thought she was addicted to astrology.
Well, that's right.
It was Nancy Ford.
It was George Ford's prerequisite grandpapa.
Right, Ford's center.
Where you go to rehabilitate.
The Betty Ford Clinic.
The rich go to like a real posh place to come off and the rest of us have to go to prison.
That's not fair, Steve.
A writer friend of mine told me that Stephen King and his agent went to the Betty Ford Clinic
because they'd gotten a little bit too rich too fast and spent it on you-know-what.
What?
I thought they were using it as material for their upcoming sagas.
They don't need to.
All they have to do is turn on the news.
Stephen King himself said recently, hey, hey, what?
Presidential primary?
I'm the one who's supposed to be writing horror stories.
Well, now what about Betty Flounce, who was part of the agronomics sector?
I forget which part.
No, I think you mean Edna Flan, not Betty Flounce.
Not Betty Flounce.
Edna Flan.
I'm easy to see.
It's easy to see.
I get those confused, especially if your eyes are crossed and you're reading from the wrong paper upside down.
But, yeah, I got you now, man.
I know what you mean.
Hey, I thought...
She's not even nearly dead yet, is she?
She's still almost dead.
What difference does it make?
Really, if you're named after a Hispanic pudding, you know...
No, Edna Flan is still around.
She's the scourge of the Church of the Subgenius.
Nobody even knows who she is.
Stop.
I can't believe it.
Reverend Skull really is like the main guy that keeps track of her kook activities.
Speaking of kook activities, we got a letter about us in the mail.
A letter?
Yeah, this listener, I don't know if I should say his name on the air.
We'll just call him Reverend Matt.
He did a couple of really unusual things.
He sent...
A check in the mail.
Good, man.
Instead of using the internet.
Somebody else also sent me, from China, sent me a 100 yuan note.
By the way, if the Chinese listener or person is...
That's not going to do it, man.
That does not...
No, we can't go and spend 100...
Even if it's renminbi.
Even if it's tourist money, we still can't spend it here.
I could take it to the bank and have them change it into 50 bucks or something.
But...
No, no, you're supposed to do that.
Anyway, thanks for the donation.
Meanwhile, this other person, Reverend Matt here, who is in our listening distance,
he says that long, long ago, back in February, he says,
I partook in my first ever hour of slack on WCSB.
I must tell you, it far exceeded my expectations.
He must have had really low ones.
Don't get excited.
Common expectations, which are way low.
Now, you'll like this, Dave.
Having been a fan of college radio for some time,
I've always been curious as to the nature of this program, as well as your organization.
I fondly remember your cahoot...
No, your cohort, Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
from his Wayne Stead All Night days, circa 1989.
Wow.
Which I don't remember.
Wow.
I don't remember your days in 1989.
Nor mine.
Yes, sir.
Well, I was actually ESOing, but I would appear frequently on Wayne Stead's All Night
because he was all night, and that was back in the days when
the refrigerator back there at the old WCSB was full of beverages,
and there were lots of ashtrays everywhere,
and people sleeping on couches because the show was in three hours.
Yes, they don't do that stuff anymore.
No, there's cameras in all the stations now.
They can't even rocket away at KPFA.
Okay.
They can't even go poopoo without somebody watching.
That's right.
There's cameras everywhere.
Did you hear most recently about the FBI's private, or not private, but the FBI's Air Force?
Oh, yes.
Apparently, they've got hundreds of airplanes flying around and other synoptic remotes and
other kinds of objects that fly through the air, checking everything out all the time.
And they're just finding out about it now, and they say,
Whoa, whoa, whoa, we're not doing anything.
We're not bugging anybody.
We're just...
Well, the reason you're just finding...
Keep an eye on stuff.
We weren't supposed to find out about it at all.
And if they were doing their job as secret cops, we never would have found out about it.
For that matter, did you hear that they...
Well, what they're saying...
Who knows what the real story behind this is.
They are saying that the Chinese, most likely, hacked the U.S. government servers,
computer servers.
And got the information on pretty much everybody employed by the government,
which I guess includes all taxpayers.
I don't know.
What?
The Chinese hacked the government and got into a bunch of stuff.
Or maybe it was the Russians, or maybe...
Who knows?
Maybe it was the NSA, and they had to blame somebody.
But the funny thing is, even Fox News' cyber guy had to admit,
maybe Hillary had a good idea having her own...
...private email server.
Seeing as how that didn't get hacked, and everything else did.
But let's not go any further there, because I haven't finished this letter here, Dave.
Okay, okay.
And I know that you want me to finish it, because it was about you.
Yeah, yeah, man.
He says, what a fine era that was.
The philosophy of the church seems to be in lockstep with my own views of organized religion,
as well as...
...as well as politics.
I thoroughly savored not only those overdubbed George Bush speeches as heard on the May 15th hour.
It's like, oh, those must have been really old.
Yeah.
But PR news as well.
And, oh, and he liked hearing about the salt mines, because he spent a lot of time in the salt mines,
the real salt mines under Lake Erie.
Wow.
He says, I can tell you firsthand, there is no shortage of salt or cigarettes, or slack, for that matter.
And he says that he...
I just imagined a big room down underneath the earth with, like, walls all white and stalactites and slag mites of salt permeating everything,
and a whole bunch of cigarette butts on the floor.
Well, why not?
Oh, man, I'm glad I saw that in my mind.
Well, don't leave out the columns of salt that they leave in place so the whole roof doesn't cave in on it.
Those are important.
Yes.
Oh, this guy mentions, he says,
By my own admission, I have personally attained slack in the...
Mines.
By stealing away down the secluded, musty corridors to indulge in golf cart-powered naps.
Whoa.
And those mines are huge, so, you know, you could go off into a dark corner, I suppose, and nap, or whatever.
And did you know that those same places, those same salt mines, have made protrusions in an area, kind of,
close to where we was originally from before she...
this planet, or not...
before the planetary exercise and stuff like that.
There's all kinds of salt licks pointing up out of the ground, and they go real deep, and then they go back under the lake, and then...
Ah, never mind.
Salt licks.
These gigantic salt licks could only be seen as such from the air.
So why did the Peruvians erect them?
Obviously, there must have been gigantic space cows coming and licking the vast salt...
licks of the Nazca Plain of Peru.
Obviously.
It's the only explanation for giant wads of salt.
Jeez.
Giant cows licking the salt.
That's not really the only one. I mean, we could make up, like, 10, 20, 30, 40, 50 more good explanations.
We wouldn't have to, you know, go by that as the only explanation.
Hey, let's write a new subgenius book!
We'll have one explanation per page. That's 140 pages.
Wow, that's 140 explanations, or...
Um...
What are the...
What are they called?
Those ruminations where they're like...
Oh, like the Haditha and the Koran, or, you know, the Talmud, and, you know, different...
Or the Old Testament, and, you know, all these different little books and stuff that people are supposed to learn to do the silly walk, and take all the punishment they can.
Right, and do the silly sacrifices, and kill... do the silly wars, and slay the silly unbelievers, and chop off the silly foreskin...
Ooh!
Ouch!
Now, Dave, I'm...
This... this, uh, letter writer, Reverend Matt, also has... you can tell he has wonderful taste by the way he described...
Well, he says, to quote, okay,
I understand that Bob, meaning Bob Dobbs, is many things to many people, and no two people may view him in quite the same way.
For example, Bob may appear to one follower in a piece of toast.
For others, he may be...
He may be staring back at them from a freshly-plamed length of American black walnut.
Now, since we're...
You would be more likely to see him, Princess.
Yes.
Yes.
Definitely.
Yes.
Um...
Let's...
As for me, I would like to think that Bob's aura is intertwined with all the things which bring me peace and fulfillment on a daily basis, such as...
Wow.
...the smell of old blueprints, or a freshly-sharpened Eberhard Faber Mongol pencil.
Or perhaps that first swig of freshly-ground coffee from my earth-tone 1960s vintage thrift store mug.
When I am seated at my drafting table, I imagine that Bob is there with me, sporting an avocado turtleneck, along with festive rayon trousers and brown corduroy slippers, the aroma of vanilla blend billowing forth from his noble pie.
So he's got very specific...
Yeah, I would say that he doesn't understand that the avocado stain is just a mere lump of guacamole that missed his mouth and landed, as it usually does, on his fine-pronounced American-style breasts.
No, it's the whole turtleneck is covered with avocado.
Anyway, he says, however, the notion that I'm worthy of sharing the Naugahyde with Bob smacks of foolhardy arrogance on my part, and I certainly wouldn't want Bob to view me with a jaundiced eye.
And he's hoping that...

He's hoping that he's going to get something for his money.
A bound printed matter, a poster-sized likeness of Bob.
Well, it depends on how big of a poster you're talking about.
You may have to do that blow-up yourself if you want one that big.
Anyway, he wants our opinion...
I don't want to blow up your eyes just to get rid of a little bit of jaundice.
All you have to do is just wipe it down with some hydrogen peroxide very fiercely and vigorously until you scream and holler.
There's no need for...
for pumice or some of the other liquid attributes that pile on there.
But he wants our opinion about something important.
Okay.
I have developed, he says, quite a fondness, a fetish really, with the massive old-style barbecue outdoor fireplaces prevalent in the 1940s through the 1960s.
I'm currently designing such a landmark,
not merely for roasting viands,
but more so to serve as an altar to honor Bob,
to be sure such an edifice would indeed serve as a hub around which the pursuit of slack would be tirelessly and diligently practiced.
And he wants to hear our thoughts on this matter of an outdoor massive old-style barbecue fireplace,
which I wouldn't even know what he was talking about,
except that I've read my Mad Max.
I've read all the magazines from that period.
And I distinctly remember an ad for a fiberglass fireplace,
which they showed the dad starting to cook at this magnificent thing,
and then of course the entire thing started to melt.
My favorite.
I was wondering if it might be something similar to what Reverend Heathen had built.
Like which?
Firewood.
Firewood.
He built a barbecue that could barbecue a whole pig or about 30 chickens.
And it was portable.
He set it up at Wisteria for Ex-Day Drill number 1521.
Yes, and we all worshipped the barbecue and Reverend Heathen.
And the food.
And the food.
But the barbecue itself was very much worthy.
It was probably more worthy of worship than either Reverend Heathen or the pig.
No offense to the pig or Reverend Heathen.
I don't know what we'd do without Reverend Heathen, really.
We'd starve.
Yes, we would starve.
Everyone would starve.
And we'd all be lost and broken.
No, he can't help us with that.
We are lost and broken.
And we wouldn't understand the labor theory of value,
as bespoken by the old professor,
that 30 chickens, as far as labor value, equals one pig.
Or vice versa.
I'm sorry.
I had to say that.
I just had to, you know, keep on inferring.
So, chickens only get one thirtieth of a vote compared to a pig.
How much of a vote does a pig get?
Well, since all animals are created equal,
but some animals are more equal than others, as Orwell once said,
I would say that 30 chickens per pig is quite a paltry sum.
And I would say that the greater exchange rate might be like 30 turkeys or 60 chickens.
If I could say such a thing.
You could say that.
I could say that.
But the point is, what about this giant barbecue that's going to be built by this,
apparently an architect or something in Euclid, Ohio?
Hmm.
This Reverend Matt.
What is his...
Why should I even wonder about that?
I've been building things in Minecraft obsessively for a month now.
And the first thing you do is you build...
You can build a Dobbs head out of bricks.
And here's how you do it.
You get some of that plain ordinary graph paper from the drugstore or the soup or whatever.
And the Bob's poster that comes with your membership pack fits perfectly under that grid of graph paper.
And you just trace the Bob.
I did that.
And I made a Dobbs head high atop a mountain in Minecraft.
80 blocks high and about 35 blocks across, I think.
And then you cut the mountain down with the side of your hand, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, I cut the...
Yeah.
I stood up next to the mountain.
Well, I didn't exactly cut Choppy down the side of my hand.
I sneezed real hard in the mountain.
Just blew the mountain right away.
It kind of dissolved in the parts where my sneeze hit it.
That's not Hendrix.
That's Malus philosophy.
When you sneeze down the mountain, that's part of the Little Red Bull.
That's the books characters there.
Sneezing down the mountain is when the people overcome the people and become...
More equal than others.
More equal than each other and in the process much less.
Yeah, we know how the revolution noise ends up.
They all end up on their heads, everything.
I'm hoping for a revolution and I'm hoping to be the next pig, the next teen pig.
Right.
Now, I'm going to go there, Princess Wee.
Okay.
We started thinking just last night, wasn't it?
What if the subgeniuses, the ones that we know that we see all the time at X Day, the ones that you can see pictures of on the internet.
Uh-huh.
Like Dave, for instance.
We never thought of Dave.
What if they were cartoon animals?
What animal would they be?
We decided that you would be a koala bear because of your sweet expression.
You were saying I would be a lion, but I was saying...
I would probably be more like a goat.
Yes.
What would Dave be?
I don't like this game because it gets to be mean.
Well, some people were bulls and some were...
Well, specifically we had a couple that we thought of as...
Horses.
Elmer and Daisy on the Borden's packaging.
Horses, yeah.
There were people...
What would Dave do?
What animal...
Say Tex Avery was drawing animal farm subgenius style.
I'd be like Woody Woodruff.
I'd be like a woodpecker.

If a woodpecker was in it so it could touch Avery, I'd have the same kind of long nose
and wet hair flying back.
That would be like Nutty Squirrel.
And teeth under my beak.
I'd have a beak full of teeth, unlike so many other ducks and woodpeckers and birds.
There was a Nutty Squirrel, but he was a little bit more frenetic and active than you, and
he had buck teeth.
But Dave doesn't have...
I see Dave more as an antelope myself.
Antelope?
Yes, an antelope.
Springing?
Yes.
So you see me as food to some poor people?
No, food to a large carnivore.
No, I'm talking about facial characteristics.
An antelope.
Antelope, yes.
I thought it was a cantaloupe the first time you said that.
I thought it was because of my melon-sized breasts and my thick, large forehead.
But yeah, it can't be as easy as all that.
Dave used to look sort of like Big Chief Uggamug in a Popeye cartoon of the 30s, but now he
looks more like Old Lodge Skins.
Old who?
Old Lodge Skins.
Remember the movie Little Big Man starring a Native American actor named Chief Dan George?
Yes.
You would say, my heart soars like a hawk when I see you.
Yes.
Yeah.
Wouldn't you say that you're more like the Indian that looks upon the polluted garbage
and the tear rolls down his cheek?
Well, that wasn't Chief Dan George.
That was Chief Texaco Highgrass.
From the Sumptuous Mountain Brigade.
Right.
I know.
Different.
The same ones which sniffled off the salt.
Besides, we're talking about cartoon animals that would match subgeniuses.
Yeah, I see we shouldn't get too personal because some people might take it the wrong
way.
Now, I can safely say that Dr. Legume would be played by a gorilla because I've seen him
a couple of years ago.
I said, Legume, you look like a gorilla over there.
And he slumped down.
And I said, what?

And then after I said that, he really looked like a gorilla.
I can't see that.
I just can't.
He rubbed his knuckles on the ground.
No, he's got dimples.
Come on.
Not like a gorilla.
Yeah, he doesn't look like a gorilla.
The listeners can't see these people.
This is a pointless conversation.
I'm stucking them in their minds right now as they lift back the page and take a look
at the mugshot of their brain.
Well, you...
This one looks like an antelope.
This one looks like a pantalope.
Well, there are subgeniuses who only listen to subgenius radio and have never looked at
a subgenius book.
Or perhaps they've never looked at the subgenius website, the main one, the archive, the gigantic
archive one that I shovel tons into once every three years or so.
Although the X Day page is all spiffed up and really looking pretty right now.
I don't know.
I don't know.
But the listeners can actually go scooting around the subgenius website, the sections
about our shows, our live shows, which we did for 35 years and will be doing at X Day
and Starwood next...
In one month.
Less than a month.
Wait, in less than a month there's not gonna be a world here.
What's today, June 7th?
That's right.
We've got 28 days before the world.
That's right.
So why are we even...
Better get ready, because...
Let's go home.
Look, why are we waiting for the next show host?
Let's just split, man.
Yeah, you won't be around in 25 years.
What is the point?
Because we're being here now.
Be here now.
I'd rather be there then.
Be there then?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm a thenist.
Princess We is the nowest among us.
It's always now for her.
There is no then.
There's no before, no after.
It's always now.








There's always a continuous now point, skidding through the universe of time.
In the hardly read ever novel that I wrote entitled Neighborworld, there's three ideas
of time.
There's the then, which is indistinct and just covers everything that just happened
before then happened, or that then is.
There's the now, which is the very same moment, and they're shaping up.
Rather than the future, there's the idea of shaping up.
That things could go in one direction or another, but sometimes they go both directions.
Right.
Now, according to some, anything that can happen will happen in some universe or another,
and that every atom breaks off a whole new universe every time it has a change.
So that's a heck load of a lot of universes, because you got a few atoms to deal with.
Yeah.
And then your atoms have atoms.
Every flea has another flea upon its back to bite them, and those fleas have smaller
fleas, and so ad infinitum, or something like that.
Yeah, exactly.
And what's-
So that's a lot of universes.
Yeah.
So what do the exfolates, those that we might refer to from Planet X, which we'll call exfolates,
because they do remove some of the skin and some of the air from your body.
Yeah.

What do they view-
Well, that's just a transformation.
... and need some time and a little bit of the strength and some theory, so to speak.
I mean, they might like a little more of you.
I don't want to scare the listeners about the exes removing the skin.
True, when the subgeniuses are ruptured, they will seem to be burning up alive, but that's
just casting off-
Yeah, just a little.
That's just casting off the old shell.
That's like changing your shoes, the way we-
The way we look at it.
When you rematerialize, you will rematerialize however you want to look.
So you better really give that some thought, friends.
You don't want to have some half muddled ... You don't want to, right at the moment of rupture,
when the exes come and Bob's promise comes true and you get your new body, you don't
want to be still trying to make up your mind between looking like the Incredible Hulk,
or Britney Spears.
Right.
You don't want to be ... You have one or the other.
Get that image defined.
Yeah, your face could come up as Hulk, and your body's Britney Spears looking real hot,
or vice versa.
Right.
Or other body parts too, but I think the head is probably the most important commandment.
Do any of our listeners even remember who Britney Spears is, or is that too long ago?
That's old person music now.
Or even Hulk Hogan.
I doubt if very many of them remember who he is other than he was-
Yeah.
... the last few centuries.

Isn't he president of Wisconsin or Minneapolis or something?
I think he was president of Racine or somewhere near Milwaukee, but I don't know.
I don't know much about Wisconsin or Minnesota because too many people with flat feet up
there.
You know?
I bet Hulk Hogan could kick Al Franken's butt.
Well, he wouldn't want to kick Al Franken's butt down.
Physically.
No, I wouldn't want to get into a debate situation or stand up comedy might be a good





idea.
I think he was a very different ... But one's a governor and one's a senator, right?
And Hulk Hogan was a governor.
Yes, he was a duly elected governor.
I loved it when wrestlers were becoming governors.
Wrestlers and circus strongmen, Arnold Schwarzenegger and rock stars.
Yeah, man.
That's who should be politicians.
And movie actors.
Rock stars.
Movie actors.
Yeah, yeah.
That Ronald ... What's his name?
The cowboy guy.
Yeah.
He was ... He got elected to something and there was ... There'd been ... Yeah.
Who knew?
I didn't ... And that brilliant politician rocker Ted Nugent.
The great philosopher.
Mm-hmm.
Right.
And radio personality.
What a brain.
Hey, he's got a lot more listeners than we do.
That proves that most people are stupid with an E. They're ignorant with an E.
Stupid.
Yeah.
Ignorant.
I can see him in my mind right now with the old crossbow and the clenched teeth, you know,
the gritting teeth and stuff.
He's going to kill somebody or something.
And I just ... I often wonder how people like this become ... get to be president like
they are nowadays many times.
Or at least Senator from Milwaukee.
Well, Bob explained it.
J.R.
Bob Dobbs said, you know how dumb the average person is?
Well, by mathematical theory.
By mathematical definition of average, half of them are dumber than that.
So ...
Dang, you would have ...
Sad but true.
That is sad.
You would have to admit though that we are up against ... we as all the kind of dumb
people except for the Sun ... said Jeannie, she's a big chair.
Kind of dumb.
Are up against a mega, mega monstrous PR thing that stretches all the way from the heart
of the media, of all media, to the heart of the media.

She's boshing Shee to the seat.
Which is the heart of the matter whether the universe element on here.
You're going to do something for, you know what freaks you out?
I'll John gravitate to you and ask you, wish on the internet .


Nevertheless, the media right now ...
It's just a college radio station.
But goodbye.
There's no place to dance.
It's perfect for Shakespeare, but it's plainly there!
I watch every TV.
invite you


in my head.
there that are listening by internet.
And Dave, don't you work
in the
news media?
I don't want to name names or anything
so as to get you or them fired
or up or
burned at the stake, but...
Yeah, but
it was none of my choosing.
It was the poor people of my village.
After the tanks came in,
the big garbage tanks that they put
on the bio-recyclables
and stuff like that, we could
hardly put together enough of
both aluminum foil for our
hats, cheese for our bellies,
and various types of
cellulose for our mismarkings.
And in times before,
and that's why we asked Father Grumman,
he came all the way from the United States to help us,
but all he could do was get killed
with the rest of us.
So, in my own personal
humble opinion, that's why I've chosen
Bob. Not as my personal avatar,
but
just, you know,
I felt like choosing him.
Or choosing him, excuse me.
You felt like what?
Choosing him.
Yeah.
Saying, Bob, you're the one,
the only one, only one, only one
Bob.
Do you think that impressed Bob?
I mean, I know other people named Bob, but I mean,
who among them puts, you know, quotation marks
around his name?
Only the Bob.
All right.
All right.
I had to go all grammar Nazi on somebody
over the lack of, I was polite about it.
I explained that, yes, we are grammar Nazis about the quote
because the quote is part of his name.
It's on his birth certificate.
Yes.
Bob doesn't, isn't short for Robert and the quotes are his
name.
Yes.
Otherwise, it's just any old Bob.
Any old gimme Bob, I'm a Bob.
Right.
You know, Roberts, physicians for Roberts instead of doctors for Bob.












To be some old flat footed Minnesotan.
Hey, I have to, I have to end this charade and the show right now.
It's because it's time to end this show, right?
Friends, you're listening to Hour of Slack number 1521.
And subgenius.com is where all previous shows are stashed and also logs and websites and
about what did we get to over 2000?
200,000 files.
It's filled, filled up.
200,000.
Good.
Me.
Couldn't he?
Okay.
We've been listening to Einstein's secret orchestra, which disco in the background.
And I'm going to end that and I'm going to play a song.
It's very short, but, and not very sweet.
Bob is the man.
Their name isn't on here.
The cybernetic strawberries.
I think.
I believe.
I believe that.
God.
I may have to splice the name in later.
The cryogenic strawberries.
It is the cryogenic strawberries.
Anyway.
Thank you, Dave.
The fade out.
Thank you.
I am so heartfully thankful and grateful.
It's been real, Dave.
I may have had a cold but I can meet you.






Starving.
ahorning oddly.

Bob doesn't have aAL wearing these enquanto

Nobody빼

Now everybody
Bob the King
Bob put it in Ayn Rand
Bob
Bob put it in Iron Man!
Bob put it in Iron Man!
