Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack, sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of...
Ah, yes, dear friends, we're editing hundreds of hours of recordings from X-Day.
Well, dozens.
It's time-consuming and time-controlling, but luckily we have two shows from just before X-Day,
parts one and two of Dr. Sinister's Radio Synesthesia, which is two hours long
and follows Hour of Slack every Sunday night.
on WCSB Cleveland.
This, then, is That Radio Synesthesia from June 29th, Conspiracy Year 2014.
The show is brought to you by...
Are you creeped out yet?
This is Synesthesia. I'm your host, Dr. Sinister, and we're here for a very special episode of the program.
Reverend Stang has stayed with us, Princess Wee has stayed with us,
and we have our very special guest, Dr....
Man, I don't know how to pronounce it. Dr. Hal?
Dr. Howland Owl? I mean, I've heard...
That's me.
I've heard it pronounced many different ways.
Well, so it may be, as long as you are satisfied.
You know, uh, I am satisfied.
I let them call me what they want to call me, you know, that saves trouble in the long run.
So, want to play a little game here?
We're going to play the game of reading PSAs live over the air, so I can say...
PSAs?
Oh, yes, because we're supposed to do two every hour.
Actually, this whole show is a public service announcement.
When you think about it...
Duty calls.
Because how else, how else are you going to find out about how to get on the civil service?
I must make my dirty clean. Duty clear.
Oh, this is a good one. This is a good one.
Getting pulled over for buzzed driving could cost you around $10,000 in fines, legal fees, and...
Oh, no.
...and increased insurance rates.
Oh, no.
Nothing kills a buzz like getting pulled over for buzzed driving, because...


Because buzzed driving is drunk driving.
Brought to you by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the Ad Council.
How's that for a cold read?
That was good. And that shows who's really behind those ads.
How about another one here?
Yeah, let's have it.
Oh, this is in Spanish, all right.
Hola, amigos.
¿Cómo harías un campo de fútbol americano?
Evita textear.
Evita chocar.
Aprende más en evitatextearevitachocar.org.
Cortesía de la Nacional Highway Traffic Safety Administration y el Ad Council.
Did he say ex-day?
No.
No, that one didn't have anything to do with ex-day.
Let me translate that into English here.
But you might as well obey the rules to the road on the way to ex-day.
Let me translate that into English.
The typical text message will distract you from the road for almost five seconds,
and at freeway speed, you'll go as far as a football field.
Yeah, watch your driving.
Un campo de fútbol americano.
Right.
Un campo de fútbol americano.
What an irony.
Avoid texting.
Crushed in an accident.
Only sissies watch football.
Soccer football.
Only American football.
I should record this.
I need to record this.
I'm actually...
All right.
Remind me to bookmark this later on.
You can do it now if that's convenient.
I don't think the phrasing was very artful, though.
This is...
Well...
One of the things that insults me...
I'm not actually Hispanic.
I'm an honorary Mexican.
Well, our Spanish-speaking friends are...
I'm offended by some of the bad translations I've seen in a lot of Spanish language stuff
out there.
But anyway...
Ay, carumba.
Ay, carumba.







So now...
Lo que javilante ha de correr.
That was the serious stuff for now.
For los niños.
Para los niños, sí.
We took care of our civic duty.
It shows that we're wider-minded than just our own selfish base desires.
You know, when I first heard about texting and driving, I thought it was a joke.
No, they...
I couldn't believe people actually did that.
They text while driving buses.
Airplanes and subway trains, and they all crash.
Well, you know, an airplane I can understand.
An airplane I can understand.
Because of the automatic pilot washing its hands.
That and the fact that, you know, if you're gonna crash a vehicle and kill some people,
you might as well crash a vehicle and kill lots of people.
They always say the pilot is the first at the scene of the accident.
That's only because they put him in the front.
Mm-hmm.
You know, if it were...
If they designed the planes a little bit differently, where the pilots see we're towards the back
of the plane...
Yeah, if you get in the very back and face backwards, you might survive.
It's a pathetic, armless, legless...
I have this thing about riding subways seating backwards.
You know, like a lot of subway cars, they'll have seats pointing one way or the other way.
Safer.
Safer.
I don't know, man.
I have to face forward.
Like on British railways, if there's a smash-up...
Every time I see English people driving on the wrong side of the road, I'm surprised that they write...
What's wrong?
I'm surprised that they read in the same direction that we do, too.
Yes, well...
Like, I half expect them to read everything in...
The Hebrews do it backwards, which is absolutely frightening.
I had to try it once.
I was a little Arabian with the speed of summer lightning.
That's right.
Once in Ireland, a drunken Irishman insisted that I take over the wheel of his car.
Ah, yes, Spocky.
I wasn't drunk, but I felt really, really drunk.
Having to do everything...
Mirror image reversed, you know?
You frippoon.
Was it at least an automatic transmission?
No, no, of course not.
Yeah, I...
But I knew how to drive a standard.
I drive a stick.
That's my preference, actually, but...
Maybe one of these crazy kids out on the street stole it from out under the hood.
I think I could drive an automatic in one of those countries, but not a stick.
This was in 1973.
And the fact that I'm left-handed confuses things even more.
Wow, well, sinister, eh?
Yeah, exactly.
You guessed the origin of my name.
Yeah.
So...
I was expecting Dave to call in again.
Dave?
Yeah, Dave.
We are waiting for Dave.
Dave's not here, man.
When he tried to call, I didn't see the light blinking.
Yes, he closed the door, but the light didn't stay on.
Yeah, he called Princess Wee and said, hey, they're not picking it up.
And he came in on line two.
Little piggy cried wee, wee, wee all the way home.
Line two blinked properly, but line one was not winking nor blinking.
It made a little arrow, but it didn't make the pick-me-up signal.
Maybe that's our problem the next day.
Dr. Howell, we haven't been making the pick-me-up signal.
We haven't been making the blinking light on the dashboard of the glorious spaceship,
which doesn't actually use dashboards.
No, this is all metaphorical language.
Why should they use things that are millions of primitive years in their past?
Oh, people are always talking about, well, I want a nice seat on the saucer next to Bob.
I want to sit at the right hand of Bob.
You think you're going to sit vertically oriented like here under one gravity?
I think you've got another think coming.
Right. Well, not everybody has read enough science fiction to know that you don't know nothing.
You don't know nothing.
It's not a case of you may reconfigure your body if you want to.
You will have your body reconfigured.
Then if you are able, you can reconfigure your body.
That's the thing. Otherwise, someone else will have to do it.
Someone with a lot of time on his hands.
Someone who likes to press the button.

We've got a caller here, by the way.
Like me. Oh, a caller?
Yes, we do. I hope it's Dave.
By the way, anyone else out there, please welcome to call in.
216-Valphino-Valphineer from the Vesneskis.
It's just like synesthesia is in normal weeks, except we have actual interesting people on the air.
Maybe a girl will call up, bring on the baby.
You know what's funny? If a girl calls in, if a girl calls in, that's like putting a drop of blood in a shark tank.
Oh, yes, I forgot. I do radio, too.
It causes a massive influx of unwanted calls from hairy horn dogs.
This is...
And a...
And this is the true shame. This is the true shame.
I might actually...
This is the true shame of my radio career.
Trying to tell the truth.
If I could just get one woman to call in each week, that would get a million guys to call in.
Hello, boys.
Me, bitchy, fucking like me, gotta have some gals.
Hello, you're on the air.
Hello, Mabel.
Hello? Hi, Mabel. This is Terrence down at the old factory area.
It's a cat! It's a girl!
All right.
It's headed. Betrayer of the lot.
It's jumbo this night. Hooray!
Okay, it sounds like a refugee from a gorilla love-in.
Sounds like a whole refugee camp to me.
I have a little poem about a gorilla, but I probably shouldn't read it out there.
We're all gonna be camping. No, go ahead.
No, no, I seriously don't.
It's not good, huh?
No.
Okay, I understand.
Not even after, say, Friday. No way.
Well, maybe we should tell the listeners about the camp.
Some of the features of the place we're going to be.
You know, they say there are gonna be howling lightning storms and thunder and tornadoes.
Man, we've got a caller from Central Florida.
Well, call... Central Florida?
Central Florida. The 407 area code.
Central? Well, then it couldn't be Sarasota.
It could be Papa Joe Mama.
It could be Orlando or Kissimmee.
Or Dawn.
Oh, I know who it is if it's Orlando.
Or Dawn.
Oh, they hung up! They hung up.
It would have been Reverend Fox, whose name everyone mispronounces except me.
Fox.
Yeah. Well, he spells it F-A-U-X.
Oh, I see.
So, you know, if you're trying to be Mr. Smartypants, you go, oh, that's Reverend Faux.
Like faux news.
Faux.
But, in fact, it's a test.
We have another caller.
Yeah, we do.
Quit your jabbering, Stang. We're gonna put someone else on here.
Hello, you are on the air.
Oh, yeah, just following something interesting that Reverend Stang brought up about driving...
Who goes there?
Let's say the word without a word.
Irish.
Yeah.
Actually, Stang was driving lithium through the tavern.
No, actually, in the early days of the good old U.S. of A.
Get your story straight.
Before there were cars, you know, there were horses, and they traveled in the, you know,
in this country on the left side of the road.
Staying to the left. Staying to the left is the norm throughout history.
Yeah.
It was during the Napoleonic Wars that the transition happened to staying to the right
to the left.
Actually, in the U.S., what happened...
Napoleon wasn't responsible.
He wasn't responsible for that.
I can't believe.
Well, that's when it happened in continental Europe.
And that's why railroad tracks are just as wide as Julius Caesar's chariot wheels.
And the U.S. of A. was started by the Conestoga wagons.
And they still have power machines in Roman times, and nobody understands that because
it's hardly necessary to be understanding it.
But Roman times, those of us who were there remember quite well.
Yes.
And they didn't work very well either.
They would explode a lot, so that's why they weren't mass produced on the shores of Lycia.
Then, with utter and horrifying suddenness, we heard a frightful sound.
And Dave is always familiar with Roman times.
It was from the tethered horses.
They had screamed, not neighed, but screamed.
It's normal time you should be worried about.
And there was no light down there, nor the sound of any human thing to show why they
had done so.
At the same moment, bonfires blazed out on all the peaks ahead so that terror seemed
to lurk equally well before and behind us.
Looking for the youth of Versalius, our guide, we found only a crumpled heap, weltering in
a pool of blood.
In his hand was a short sword snatched from the belt of Decimus Viburanus, a subcenturio.
What are you reading off of that?
What are you reading off of that?
What were the ox carts that these settlers from Connecticut and New York came to this
area?
The ox carts?
It wasn't my ox cart that was gored.
No, it was Pennsylvania.
The ox carts were the ones that were gored.



I mean, you know, in the first stoke of wagons, you didn't sit in the front like in the movies.
They sat on the left side right behind the wheel.
That's where the brake was.
Oh, well, that was a good brake for somebody.
We've got our...
Yeah, it was a great brake.
We've got our...
They couldn't see on the right, so they started driving on the right.
We've got our...
And that's why to this day, we drive on the right side of the road.
Well, to this day, that's quite right.
To this day, but soon we're not going to have to obey traffic rules or any of other civilization's
foolish laws and conflicting laws.
Oh, I know that.
We've got...
There won't be any more of this day.
There'll be no more days.
By the way...
You'll still be cussing about these Sunday saucer drivers.
By the way...
There'll be the realm of endless day.
Everybody thinks outer space is dark, but they've forgotten that the sun makes it pretty
damn bright and hot out there.
By the way, we have our...
And my cat reports to the mothership every day.
Great motherboard.
What do they teach them in these schools?
I think the words, by the way, are not useful on this program.
Don't know.
Brief period of hallucinations...
This crowd here...
Who knows where...
The words, by the way, are useful.
Well, you have to rule over these unruly voices and decide which...
Our caller from Florida is on the line right now.
What am I?
No, I'm not.
You're not?
Oh.
I'm not really here.
You fooled me.
Taken in by the oldest trick in the book.
It's only I'm the ghost of the telecom shell from another dimension.
Is my face red?
Well, right, because we've got five bodies, and one of them is the telephone body, right?
Warm bodies.
Is that hypercube?
Sounds like he's here.
Life.
I'm not describing this as a body, like it used to in a Eucharistic fashion.
I mean, come on, man.
You know what the word Eucharist means?
The word Eucharist means giving thanks.
In fact, to say thank you in Greek, modern Greek, .
That's how you say thank you.
Get back to the scatological stuff again.
It's .
That's how you say yes.
One is essentially ordained by thankfulness.
Say thank you, Jesus, for me being made of tasty bread.
Thank you, Jesus.
We can eat.
Yes, he's telling another story.
Everybody takes him in literally.
Those were also idolaters, blasphemers.
And fresh or chilly.
Reverend Stagg is still there.
Reverend Stagg is still there.
I'm being quiet so that others may be heard.
He's allowed to.
May, possibly.
Don't do that.
He's a really loud crowd of calamitous clacking voices.
I just have a question.
Once Jehovah One comes down and takes everybody away.
That's not going to happen.
All of the worthy.
Are the other ones stuck here on this mortal coil going to be ruled by God?





No, Jehovah One doesn't take everyone away.
Jehovah One stays behind to pour his vessel of wrath on everyone else who is left.
You're at the mercy of the senile space god, Big Nobodaddy.
And may the Lord have mercy on your soul because that's who's going to be in charge.
Not like now.
Go to hell.
Yeah, you know what?
Go to hell.
That's pretty obvious.
That's true.
That's true.
You're not allowed to tell people to shut up.
That's true.

You're not allowed to tell people to shut up on this program.
Only I am allowed to tell people to shut up on this program.
I never heard the words shut up until I was an adult.
My parents never told me to shut up.
Did you hear that from anybody else?
I don't shut up.
I don't shut up.
I grew up.
When I look at you, I throw up.
Shut up.

Shut up.
That was something the kids used to see.
I don't shut up.
I grew up.
Hey, kids.
Shut up.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Ah, shut up.
Ah, shut up.

Ah, shut up.

I'll hit you so hard you starve to death bouncing.
You lackluster punk.
Well, I was just going to say there's no need to get excited and try and, you know,
bring out the new...
That's right.
Let's calm ourselves.
... rules of order or disorder or whatever it's called.
You're quite right.
Robots' rules of order in session.
You need to counsel a president.
Yes.
And then you're all counselors and council members and stuff.
We're all grief counselors for the rest of humanity.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Ipso facto.
And if Harry's doing...
You hold up your prefrontal...
Ipso facto.
Ipso moro.
... your forefinger.
Keep your finger out of my prefrontal lobe.
Mr. President, I would like to counsel by reminding them that tomorrow night is Happy
Looping Night down at the park.
A region of the brain which we call the anterior frontal gyrus as opposed to the genesis...
Ah, my favorite.
... of pink thoughts...
He's making those words up.
I know he is.
... which the twin hemispheres of the brain, the backside of the brain as we call it, the
two buttocks of the hippocampus.
That's where Dave has the little head on the back.
That's right.
Well, we make allowance for all types here because we're going to have to be a lot more
liberal in what we allow after we meet our alien.
You see, liberally, we have made so much information for you and for me...
Next thing you know, you're going to tell me that the World Cup gets higher ratings
than the World Series.
It probably does.
It probably does.
There's a lot more in the actual world as opposed to the...
In America.
In America.
Real Americans don't watch soccer games.
Look at it this way, yeah.
Man, the World Cup is getting higher ratings in the United States than the World Series.
Look at it this way.
Does the Miss Universe pageant actually represent the universe?
It doesn't even represent planet Earth.
No, really, the Miss Universe pageant, Princess, we would be...
Well, you know, they take up...
Hey, man, hey, man.
... every single...
... grandiose names that they can't live up to and...
Hello, man.
No, listen, over the last couple of years, they've had quotas where they have to have
so many contestants from Andromeda.
Can I quote you on that?
Did you quote what about two contestants from Andromeda?
Who got a note from their mom-ada.
Yeah, who got a note...
Yeah, they came to Earth, but they weren't recognized, and the janitor cleaned the floor
with them.
... going in different directions.
One is the sister who always told the truth, the other one always lied.
They were on Star Trek.
The only time he came out that morning, he was in a bad mood and didn't...
He wasn't the only one.
... punch it.
Well, I...
No, it's going around.
... I don't know what to say.
It seems that we've had to rehash some of our old procedural matters just because it's
an eternal struggle to make ourselves clear here as we gasp our last on this program.
Hear, hear, howl, hear, hear.
We are unable to continue.
He's right, he's right.
But you know, son...
But you know, the rehash...
This is the eggs day.
And we'll bat you the vamp.
Right.
Okay.
It's exactly 7 o'clock in the afternoon here at Wisteria Campground.
It looks like nothing.
Well, I want you to review that.
No, not right now.
Not yet.
Absolutely nothing has is happening.
No, not now.
It's peaceful.
No volcanoes, hailstorms, giant turtle eruptions.
Ask a subgenius what he has to think about his own death to Mr. Howell or whatever your...
I'm not sure.








I'm not sure.

How come no show?
What's going on here?
Well, I realize it looks as if we've been quite remiss here, but the problem is everything
occurs all at once at the climactic moment.
So our entire job, what we've been doing for the past few days is just getting ready, getting
everything ready so that we can be in situ, as it were, when the convulsive motion occurs.
And then at last our bliss, full and perfect, is.
But now begins for from this happy day the old dragon underground in straighter limit
bound not half so far casts his usurped sway.
And wrath to see his kingdom fail, swinges the scaly horror of his folded tail.
But let's talk about that peaceful X-Day Campground.
It's a great place to go.
Yes.
Every time I hear the word wistia...
Wisteria Campground.
Wisteria.
It makes me feel wistful.
Wistful.
It's funny, it makes me feel hysterical.
Oh, well.
That's understandable, too.
I'm suffering from...
She's obviously suffering from wisteria.
Yes, I...
She's just a wisterical woman.
That's the place where the frozen custard stand has the icon head of Bob with a little
bit of chocolate.
That's no custard stand.
That is a plinth or a monolith.
That is custard's last stand.
You know, there was a custard who did have a last stand.
Major Amos Custard was surrounded by a bunch of people.


He was surrounded by Native Americans.
You know, here was no good eyes.
A famous Indian massacree.
See, every good idea I have.
You can look this up, although today we call these Native American direct actions.
But there was, of a famous massacree, a custard...
And it wiped out Amos Custard and his stand far less than Colonel George Armstrong Custer,
of course, which is why you never hear about that one.
And it occurred prior...
That one sounds like a lot of frozen...
Look it up, Google, and everything can be traced.
Everything can be traced.
Everyone listening to me, we don't just make these up, man.
We just say it.
You know, we come out with it.
So...
We do lots of research, too, as well.
Hey, guys.
Dr. Stang and Dr. Howe knows we do lots of research.
I'm trying.
Hey, here's something that is very special that I want to do right now.
Dave?
Yes?
Howe, we, Stang.
Yes?
I want us to all pause for a second here.
Let's all join hands for the group hug.
Put your paws together.
We're going to count to six.
Put your paws together.

We're going to count to six.
We're going to count to six and engage the six-second delay here because the delay is
not on.
Oh, yeah.
I'm sorry.
I didn't...
I did a bad thing.
All right.
So, here we go.
One.
Count out loud.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Five.
And six.
And now there's a delay.
I guess.
Well, I hope you can go in.
That ought to sound fun on the recording that I'm making at home.







Yeah, they...
I'm sorry.
We'll hear the cut.
We'll hear the skip on the air.
Very unprofessional radio behavior.
Yeah, and we all know what comes between fear and sex.
Yes.
Terror.
Because we're talking about yellow hair and it's playing.
That's why we all got a toothache.
No, I was...
I was...
I misspoke myself.
I'm sorry.
Well, bad things can happen at times.
Tension.
See, X-Day, you just have to get beyond those.
Speaking of sex, my...
Hysterical bundle of nerves.
...my...
Hysterical bundle of nerves.
Between sex and fear, Dr. Sinister?
It's a...


It's fun...
It's fun.
My...
Fun...
My...
My son and his buddy had this...
They would...
When they...
When they were talking about sex, they called it...
Tommy Handley and...
Cutting the onions.
Yeah, my wife and I cut the onions last night because...
Please, you.
Somebody open the window.

Tears and knives.
Yeah.
Do you ever take drugs...
Oh, well.
...just so you could have sex without crying?
I have never heard that phrase before, cutting the onions?
Oh, yeah.
Because it involves tears and knives.
Liquid, clear like glass on your...
In other words...
Somebody's got a more interesting sex life than any of us.
Tears. Idle tears.
I know not what they mean.
Tears from the depths of some divine despair.
By the way, all the regulars are still welcome tonight,
or anybody out there who has not called in before.
This is a golden opportunity to talk to some very interesting people.
If you call us up at 216-
Nope.
If you guys remember RC,
the caller who must not be named,
who has not been heard from in a few years,
he would always encourage the use of a strong pimp hand.
Where's Fantasy Caller?
I thought RC Caller was dead.
I thought RC was dead too.
I've heard he is not dead.
I've heard he's just in a place where he can't call anymore.
That doesn't mean he wasn't dead just because you heard he wasn't dead.
He could still be quite dead,
and he's just not dead.
You'll flip for the zip,
the zip in RC Cola,
the zip in RC Cola,
royal crown.
My guess is that he's in prison,
but I don't know.
I have no idea why.
He seems like the kind of guy who is not likely to get killed.
Jim and Harry's prison,
just down the block from our favorite bar,
Slinky's.
Sorry.
One day he was selling RNA drops on the internet.
The next day he's in prison and can't call in.
So shame.
He was selling his RNA on the internet?
Yep.
That's a quack thing you can do.
A lot of people do it.
You know, this is,
I'm going to tell you something right now.
I don't know if I told you this before or not,
but one time I had a dream.
A dream?
I had a dream.
Oh, really?
When everything was still.
I was hanging out at my mom's house and she was on the internet,
uh, looking stuff up.
Hmm.
And how did that make you feel?
And she stumbled upon the website of the ones who shall not be named,
who sell those products that you referenced.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Yes.
And I said,
Oh my God,
you're going to this person's website.
Do you know who these people are?
Oh my God.
You call her that person?
Yeah.
A person's a person.
No matter how small.
A person, a person, a person that wouldn't shut up.
That was crazy.
All right.
I'm not referring to you, chief.
It's just all these deans around here.
They get under your skull.
It's like that Connie bitch.
I can't even roll.
See?
I gotta get out of here.
We don't bad mouth Connie in our church, son.
Yeah, well at least not where she could hear her.
There'd be some hell going around.
He's got a point.
She can't be listening every moment.
Can't.
Can she?
Every moment.
Can she?
My mother generally doesn't listen.
So we go to the campground and there's a, we have the big burn, you know, where everyone
dances around the fire, around the blue flame.
Tell them about that one, Stang.
Well only, you know, the, when the pagans do that, they have a symbolic man inside that
big burning man.
We have a very recognizable, willing sacrifice.
Yes.
We're willing that he be sacrificed to him.
And furthermore.
And this year it's Johnny Depp.
Johnny Depp will be the person burned inside the man at X day this year.
These stars are so flammable.
Unless the chicken's out, you know.
Yeah.
But he's really devoted.
He said he would do it.
He said, I've done every acting job I want to do.
I'm ready to join the true believers.
Nevermore.
You know, for more than a hundred years, for more than a hundred years, the national park
service, uh, would try to prevent forest fires at all costs.
Not understanding.
Not understanding that the forest fires are necessary for the survival of certain forests.
And the same can be said for J.R. Bob Dobbs.
I think the library needs also the same people who are going wild there.
Maybe in these fields.
Including the Pescalilla chimmonks.
They're everywhere, man.

It's good husbandry to burn down the forest so that a new, healthier, more vibrant forest
can be built.
And the forest can come back.
And same with saviors, messiahs.
It's not a proper savior, messiah, unless you kill it and, you know, skin it and talk
all at once at the same time.
So no one can understand really much of anything.
That's what we do.
Right.
To his club-footed child said Lord Stipple as he poured his postprandial tipple, your
mother's behavior offended our savior and that's why he made you a cripple.
I knew you were going to...
You just rhymed tipple with tipple.
I thought you were going somewhere with a third...
And that's why you have a third nipple.
Well, we could do it that way.
I didn't want to get to specific cases.
Let's talk about the sacred plinth at the campground with those amazing carvings and
hieroglyphs on it.
That's not something that you see every day.
Oh, my flesh trembled when I gazed upon those abhorrent hieroglyphs.
Me too.
Above those, a petal of a







spirit was a figure of evidently pictorial intent, though its impressionistic execution
forbade a very clear idea of its nature.
It seemed to be a sort of monster or symbol representing a monster of a form which only
a diseased fancy could conceive.
If I say that my sometimes extravagant imagination yielded simultaneous pictures of an octopus,
a dragon, and a human caricature, I should not be unfaithful to the spirit of the thing
with the monstrous pyre.
A type protruding from the tentacular mass.
This would be as good a time as any to remind listeners that portions of the following broadcast
may be objectionable to some members of the audience.
Therefore, WCSB advises listener discretion.
Any views or opinions expressed on this program are not necessarily those of WCSB or Cleveland
State University or anybody affiliated with any of those institutions or anybody with
their head screwed on straight for that matter.
WCSB is the official website of the WCSB.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at WCSB.com.

We'll see you next time.
Bye for now.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.

Bye.

Bye.








Bye.
Bye.




Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
See ya later you ASCC去 WCSB.
You SP eat like a
HOW MANY D поставил Кanka
I have seen UFOs.
How about Bigfoot?
Three very distinctly different UFOs.
I have seen two UFOs, and then I identified the second.
Well, that wasn't a UFO, was it?
Hey, you know what?
Call her.
Call her.
Call her.
Call her.
I just noticed that you're not the kind of caller we want because you do not perceive
the fact that other people are talking at the same time that you are.
Like, when I hear other people talking, I'm going to try and back out.
Everybody else is talking over each other.
Right, right.
And then I kind of shut up when I hear other people making a point.
And I tried to say something real quick.
And then everyone else tried to say something real quick.
And then you kept on talking yourself.
A hit.
A palpable hit.
So, I was just going to say something really quick.
One summer, I saw two UFOs.
I think this was in 2008.
And I saw two UFOs that summer.
And the second one, I came to identify.
And was therefore able to...
To retroactively identify the first one.
Really, really fast.
Please, I got it.
And now I'm done.
Oh.
Well, that was...
That was something...
Well, the subject of UFOs has very little to do with what we're talking about tonight.
They passed by.
Because so far, nobody in the church, but some genius, has ever seen one.
And they've been waiting all this time.
That's not true.
They've buzz-bombed the camps before.
In the past, Reverend Stang even photographed one.
Isn't that right?
Yeah, you can see it on YouTube.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You can see it on YouTube.
Yeah.
You can see it on YouTube.



It's a brushwood.
Yeah.
Hey, we're getting a caller from a New York City number.
But they have to come all the way down and land.
That's the thing.
We're getting a call from the 917 area code.
Oh, better.
Better.
That's Manhattan.
Connect us, will ya?
You're on the air.
Dr. Howell, I will never cease to be amazed at your talent.
You will?
If somehow we could take what you have and your gift and put it into a pill.
Put it into a pill?
Well...
Well...

We would be millionaires.
Dr. Well, all right.
I would swallow an entire bathtub full of those pills.
But I just took one of those things.
An old-fashioned bathtub.
I took one of those show pills just before we went on the air.
How did it happen?
I, well, I...
Where did this gift you have come from, Mark?
It came from my left pocket.
It doesn't make you rich.
I usually keep it in my waistcoat pocket, but it's just too hot to wear that particular
garment.
Well, may I borrow your waistcoat?
You may.
I do not.
Get your own.
If I may say so.
I mean, come on.
One must keep a certain distance.
You can't allow the, uh, the, uh, the enthusiasts to come and paw you like some blind insensate
young white...
Dr. That doesn't give me a waistcoat.
No.
Not so, replied the agent.
Dr. I come there to Cleveland and take it from you.
I will travel everywhere.
I pray that you'll write me as one who loves his fellow men.
You really want to come to Cleveland, huh?
Dr. Cleveland's flat's insane.
You'll be fine.
I'll be there.
Dr. I'll be there.





I'll be there.
I'll be there.
Dr. And Dr. Manhattan hung up on us.
Well, that's too bad.
Dr. Well, that's a downtown kinda guy right there.
How come he got...
What are you, a kinda skinhead voice there?
We've got a caller.
We've got a caller from Toledo and a caller from Nashville on the line.
Dr. Let's have him.
What a...
What a nationalistic sound.
Dr. Sinister, do you usually get such a cosmopolitan smorgasbord of colors?
Dr. Toledo, Nashville.


I've seen Toledo numbers calling him before, but never a Nashville number.
And the Nashville caller hung up.
Dr. Let's run that View of Toledo again by, uh...
Holy Toledo...
Right now.
Yeah, it's...
How many Aspies do we have here right now?
Athletes?
Ash, Naz, Thrakatulak, Agborzum.
Like, I get the feeling that Asperger's syndrome is the...
Where is Nomany Mark when we need it?
I'm a vegan.
I don't want an Asperger's.
Is Asperger's syndrome when you go all chatty and you can't stop or something?
What is the Asperger's syndrome?
Well, actually, a very good friend of mine.
I might say the best oldest friend I have is actually a psychiatrist now.
Get in the poop with Westside.
And he tells you who's got Asperger's and who doesn't?
No, but he told me a funny story when I was talking about some of the people I know.
Let's hear it.
And the subject of Asperger's syndrome came up.
And he said that he can always diagnose the Aspies right away at the end of the session.
At the end of his session with them.
Because it'll be very clear to any rational, normal person that the session is over.
And how does that make you feel?
And the person with Asperger's syndrome doesn't recognize these social cues.
That it's time to go.
Ah.
They're basically...
He has to actually tell them, listen, your appointment's over.
You need to go now.
He can't just say, well, anything else?
Well, okay, I think we've had a productive session here.
Maybe we'll talk some more about this next week.
Uh, want you to take care of yourself in the meantime?
They don't get it.
He has to tell them, it's time for you to go.
A-social.
They do not respond to the usual social controls and the hidden parameters that mark interactions for the rest of us.
For a healthy, fully...
Exactly.
...integrated personality.
Exactly.
We don't drink the same water they do.
I also perceive...
Their water is happening...
...lack of ability to perceive...
Hey, we've got the Nashville caller back.
...Corsicao's syndrome...
You're on the air.
...vulnerable to distinguish the apperceptive mass...
Hello?
...and mass insanity.
Gates?
Hello?
Hello?
615 caller.
Hello?
Hello.
Welcome on the show.
Welcome on the show.
I thought you needed a woman.
Woman caller.
A woman?
Woman caller.
Are you coming down?
Hey, a woman.
Woman caller.
Not just a woman, but a woman calling from Nashville, Tennessee.
Eagle.

Woman caller.
Eagle.
We need a woman caller.
Eagle.
Eagle.
Eagle.

Eagle.
Princess V is right here by me elbow.
Go ahead and talk to her, Princess V.
Listen to that.
It's a pro.
It's a favorable call.
Not one of these people always trying to tear us down.
Oh, up butch.
And she hung up.
That's the story of our life.
It was the kitchen succinct.
Let's take another caller.
Yes, you're on the air.
The anarcho-patrio psychotic society.
Hello.
Are you there?
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
There he is right over there.
Put that corncob away.
This is perhaps the most chaotic program I've ever had.
I think the cacophony society is the truth.
Everybody's aware of the fact that we're all talking over each other.
I don't know why you say that about me.
And yet nobody seems to modify their behavior in light of that knowledge.
We have to do what we have to do.
I mean, can you hear?
Can everybody hear everybody else on the line?
Well, no, not exactly that well, but I can tell that there's everybody.
If you can tell that someone else is talking.
Yes.
The point is, it helps if everyone's voice does not sound like everyone else's voice.
Then at least you can pick out an individual thread until the garment falls to pieces.
Yes, contrast.
It's compare and contrast.
I think everybody here sounds unique.
Yeah, so we're covered.
We're covered.
Everyone's a freak sounding unique.
Actually, you know, there's a certain caller who's called into the show a lot where I thought like if...
There is a caller.
If Dave suffered severe brain trauma, he would sound like this caller.
A caller whose ramblings aren't worth a dollar.
Who is this caller?
Yeah, Dave.
This special caller.
You are a caller who can't restrain his hope and power.
Yeah, Dave, like there's another caller who calls in frequently.
And who makes the calls?
He almost sounds like you, except he sounds like he's really severely brain damaged.
Who doesn't care about the way anyone thinks.
He's got a similar voice is all I'm saying.
Drives us insane.
But he sounds like an idiot.
And you sound like a misunderstood genius.
Oh, well, thank you.
I thought it was a misunderstood idiot, but that's good enough for me.
I can't understand a damn thing he says.
Hence the misunderstood.
All partial.
All evil.
All universal good.
Why would anybody want to be understood anyway in this mad, mad, bad world we're living in?
Why not just throw meaning to the wind and grasp whatever kind of...
Make your own meaning, you know?
You see, only people who care what other people think...
Don't give up.
...concern themselves with being understood.
Yes, that's right.
If you really don't care what other people think, then you won't concern yourself with being understood.
Yes, exactly.
Let them follow you.
And the most...
sociopathic people I've ever met still cared about what other people think.
Gesundheit.
And they still carry knives, too.
And they carry those weird little things on the bottom of their feet
that can cause really weird and serious necromantic injury.
That's so...
I keep my own coffin earth in there.
It's not weird.
It's necessary.
Otherwise, when you're out in the sun, you frizzle up in a moment,
even with a cloud cover.
Did you know Chopin was a vampire?
Yeah, that's...
Yeah, that's what they say.
That's for his minute...
waltzy.
And the fact that, like, they had...
when he...
when they buried him, they had to get some earth from Poland to throw in the grave with him.
Well, not Romania.
Earth of Polska.
Yeah, you couldn't bury him without burying some dirt from his normal homeland.
That's...
That's like a Dracula thing.
The first homeland of the great Dracula was Romania.
Yeah, that's correct.
Of the Transylvanian parts.
The land across the forest.
Yes.
Vampirism knows no national boundaries.
I'm excited.
Ha!
I was into vampires before it was cool.
And now it's not cool.
Well, Cleveland was known to have many, many vampires in the late 80s and early 90s.
Those brooding teenage hunks made vampires uncool.
They were like a green chicken blood and...
Never thought I'd see the day.
...take night jobs and sleep all day.
Another sign of the end times.
That's it.
I'm right with you.
I believe that that's definitely a sign.
When you see large numbers of people becoming vampires, just like...
I'm going goth.
Like, when they're...
We used to go goth and stuff like that.
They're very becoming vampires, but that's not the problem.
I used to know a lot of people who were into goth ten years after it stopped being...
...interesting.
Yeah.
But I like that goth girl on Monster High.
And this was about 15 years ago.
And I knew a guy who identified himself as a psychic ninja vampire detective.
Really? I'm not...
Did you know that I'm a Mentat Vulcan Jedi?
A Vulcan Jedi?
Look at his eyebrows.
A Mentat Vulcan Jedi.
His eyebrows are...
So is it a mind melder? A mind melder?
Oh, I misread the power, man. I misread the...
With Down syndrome.
It's a Mentat.
Yes.
Well...
Good old Mentat.
The Thufir Hawat of the church.
He was the one who started all the subgenius days, X days. He was great.
That guy came up and looked all...
He was a little disheveled at first.
You know, he'd come up and he'd show up like,
Oh, hey, just somebody from there and found a place to sleep and was told to get along.
And he said, Hey, man, what's going on?
And he was immediately...
Yeah. You know, there's...
He was part of the core, the Communist Party,
common turn, if you will, of the subgenius church cult, whatever you want to call it.
That's funny, Dave, because there's an identical legend concerning Burning Man over in Nevada,
where supposedly some hobo stumbled in and everybody treated him really nice.
And he somehow became king of Burning Man.
A preposterous story, but you know how it is.
People like these legends and myths and they cling to them.
It gives them some comfort that...
Even the most uncouth bozo will be accepted.
Then that gives them some hope.
Hal?
Yes?
That's not just a mythological story.
You mean it really happened?
I was that hobo.
Hobo is my countenance.
I was the one they're talking about.
Well, golly, I'm sorry.
I...
Maybe you'd better clarify for the listening audience.
No, that was the story.
I was homeless and miserable.
I was homeless and miserable.

I was a little empathetic and somebody gave me a ride.
Next thing I knew I was at Burning Man.
A ride.
They were carrying me.
They called me King of the Fools and carried me around.
They had me ride something called the Stang.
Oh, yeah, I remember that one.
That's where I got my name.
I got kind of confused.
It comes from an archaic unit of measurement.
We say they came down with so many stangs.
No, no, no.
That's not what it is.
Riding the Stang was what...
They would do to adulterers.
Uh-oh.
Cheaters that got caught would have to dress in silly clothes and they'd be put on a very
uncomfortable board and ridden around town and jeered.
That was called riding the Stang.
Hmm.
Now, in rap gangster jargon, to stang or to make a stang is to commit a robbery.
Yeah.
Or otherwise a con.
Because me really love to make a stang.
Yes, Mr. High Cap, don't make me touch your man.
But there was an obsolete unit of measurement called the Stang.
That's absolutely kind of a...
Must be a coincidence.
Oh, I didn't know about that one.
Yes.
And then there's stang and derm, which was really drum.
Yes.
Stang.
Drumming.
Stang und drang.
Right.
That's what it was.
But they got it all mixed up like I just did.
It originally was...
What about...
Now, what about...









Stang and drumming, but they changed it to...
Stang und drang.
Where does stangor fit into all this?
Well, that's just the name of my video game.
In another world, in another universe, only accessible through digital manipulation.
We have another caller here.
That's our coach.
Let's bring this other caller on real quick.
Bring him up.
You're on the air.
Hello?
Hello?
Hi, you're a neo-fascist earth blunderer.
Hail, speaker of earth.
Earth blunderer.

Yeah.
Speak now or forever hold your penis.
Do you want to hear my story about the red UFO that I heard?
Yes.
Yes, we do.
This is the place for it.
Okay.
I didn't think I was welcome here because I was...
Oh, nevermind that.
We'll hash that out later.
Tell us about your encounter.
Yeah.
So the cool thing that I saw was I live in a small development with little yellow houses.
And how did that make you feel?
Are they made of tiki-taki?
It doesn't make me feel...
And they all look just like...
They're not good at all.
It makes me feel bad, actually.
It makes me drive to drink or drink to drive or whatever it is.
If you start seeing double, if you start seeing double, you just close one eye.
You gotta drink.
No, I know.
I got that all figured out.
You're right.
I've seen the devil all the time.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But this unidentified flying or searching object that I saw appear...
I was outside in my street just putting the garbage out or whatever.
This was a couple of years ago.
And I saw this red light.
This red...
Imagine a van, like a Craftsman 300.
Or what did they call that?
You know, back in the 70s?
Craftsman 300?
100?
100?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Yeah.
Anyway, this van...
What'd he say?
A van taillight.
It was a red taillight.
It had a red taillight?
Yeah, no.
Aren't taillights supposed to be green?
You want to call back?
Okay.
I'm sorry.
I saw...
You had a taillight out.
Aren't taillights supposed to be green?
I'm just going to write you a warning this time.
But you got to get that thing...
Six by six red square that just shot across from behind one house and went across the
street.
Looking for my lost cross, boss.
I live at the bottom of a hill, actually.
Now it comes out.
There are no roads, no crossroads, whatever.
I feel sorry for you.
You'll get to the top someday, son.
I will.
No, I'm...
Actually, I live at the top of a hill, kind of at the...
Well, look at your story straight.
You were at the bottom just a minute ago.
Really?
You said you had a vasectomy.
What does that have to do with it?
Yeah, I'd like to ask that.
I used to work all up to the side.
I had vasectomy, huh?
But anyway, this light, though, just shot across straight like a laser beam.
My eyes.
My eyes.
Six by six.
No, Mr. Bond.
I expect you to die.
And it disappeared.
Did I expect me to talk?
Nine other houses.
Nine other houses.
Yeah.
Well, did the craft with its alien occupants land and make contact?
Yeah.
Could you make out any of the passengers, any of their features or passenger...
Did you make out with any of the passengers?
Were they human?
No, that's the point.
In a passive or active role...
Those sexually-sorcery people.
Oh, look at that.
The passengers were invisible.
Did the young...
The only...
The only had a right...
The only had a right to be invisible.
They were invisible invaders.
You could only tell they were there because they were singing that Iggy Pop song.
I am the passenger.
No, I mean, I don't even know if they were there, but their tail light was there and
it shot straight across the street, disappeared behind some other houses and was gone.
Well, that would have to be alien.
There's no possible explanation for that.
Yeah, it must be.
I can't imagine what that could possibly have been.
Science has no answers.
A main contact.
Absolutely right.
A red light in the sky?
That's gotta be...
It's only a Chinese parent.
It's only a Chinese parent.
It's a paranormal.
It wasn't in the sky.
It disappeared behind the houses.
It was about a minute.

It was on the ground.
Holy cow.
There's no explanation.
I'm sure you thought you saw a monster.
You know, the human mind can play strange tricks.
It's capable...
No, no tricks.
No tricks.
I was sober.
I was...
Tricks are for kids.
I just put the garbage out that night.
So, Brady is no excuse.
So, thank you for sobering.
Well, this is part of the diagnosis we had earlier.
Well...
These kids...
Is this psychosis or brain hemorrhage...
Why do students deal with that often?
Well, the way we Vancouver students treat them is basically Tuskegee, I Đạt fó tanto
tr馮 orchid,ント...
I'm not talking about Laura, Travis, les Industries or the implications of the

I'm talking about those kids, themselves.
Yeah...
Er...
I've been up there mithing this whole year, Pierre.
And, we just saw at the end of theicide episode about thatceotto.
Oh...

We just Hubble coincidence that we can get mayo suggest that we can be addicting
and three wise things inええxuu think you're right then I thought that pander was


I made this clear and slightly hampered.
It is not...
First, let's split up.
You're done.
Okay, yeah.
I'll go out to do the...
Wait a minute.
You go into the deadly cave, and I'll go into the lost mine shaft.
It's always best to split up.
I'll leave the rest of them back at the donut stand and descend into the abyss.
No, no, no.
You're coming right along with us.
Get your ass in the door, in the cave portal entryway.
They're crying out loud.
Whatever it is, I'm not part of this mass vision, but I'm trying as hard as I can.
You know, I'll never forget the day I first set eyes on Ivan Stang, that singular being.
He was not what I expected.
In the doorway stood a person of such singular appearance that I should have exclaimed aloud,
but for the restraints of good breeding, old, white-bearded, and ragged.
My host possessed a countenance and physique which inspired equal wonder and respect.
His height could not have been less than six feet.
Despite...
Like a woman, I guess.
A general air of age and poverty, he was stout and powerful in proportion.
His face, almost hidden by a long beard which grew high on the cheeks,
seemed abnormally ruddy and less wrinkled than one might expect.
And I hope there's some demons for what they was.
While over a high forehead fell a shock of white hair, little thinned by the ears.
His piercing blue eyes, though a trifle bloodshot, seemed inexplicably keen and burning.
But for his...
For his horrible unkemptness, the man would have been as distinguished looking as he was impressive.
And there was a stitch across his forehead.
However, the unkemptness made him offensive, despite his face and figure.
My family, if I'll cross it, the Great Plains was wiped out by a band of wild pink boys.
What was the flesh they ate?
It was said they ate unclean things to stay alive during this rite of passage.
And, of course, fish.
A form of transversion.
A form of demagogification.
In which the party celebrates and enjoys each other's flesh.
It's as simple as that.
There's no big deal about it.
Everybody knows you're all a bunch of flesh eaters.
When you take the road over the Sierras, you come to the Donner Pass,
where the Donner Party decided to stay in that unfortunate winter.
And they've put up a huge statue of them looking down the road, you know, in a heroic pioneer way.
And they're looking down the road toward the Burgundy.
The Burgundy, the Burgundy.
And, uh, you know, you know, I would have thought they were looking at a Burger King about 300 years ago.
Why didn't they go there?
You know, all this, they could have saved the, uh, the whole thing.
Anyway, uh, that's over in California.
That's on the California side of it.
That's true, though, isn't it?
Yeah.
If you hadn't said they were looking at a restaurant, I was going to be really disappointed.
But they are.
They're looking at a Burger King, which is visible.
Clearly visible.
I thought it was a long page.
You could see them all posing and looking.
They were looking at the cemetery or something.
No, there was no cemetery there.
And that's, uh.
That time, as there is in peaceful Bufalora, Italy, there there's a cemetery that you might...
Bufalora?
Yes, Bufalora.
Was the city of Buffalo, New York named after that place?
No, that was quite different, you know.
You know, you're the person who taught me.
About the buffalo?
Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo, Buffalo.
They do.
You're the one who taught me that.
Buffalo from Buffalo, New York do Buffalo, other buffalo from Buffalo.
The way that buffalo from Buffalo, New York, Buffalo.
Thank God for places like Buffalo, Pennsylvania, and well-charred town.
Delicious, but not too well done.
No, we wouldn't want to excite anyone behind us or in front of us for that matter.
Because the blood is the life, Mr. Renfield.
You can argue.
Some of us like the old stuff.
No more of this plasma powder.
We like to take it the way we used to, from a living body.
But I'm always biting my cheeks with my unnaturally sharpened teeth because of this namby family.
That's kind of engorging.
We're going to have to go back after X-Day.
We'll have our own fine fodder.
The cattle will be...
We found who?
The canaglia, as we called them in the old days.
Turn them upside down and slash their throats.
Let the blood spatter upon the dust of our beloved ancestors, and we'll bring them back as in the old days.
Oh, he's got a bit of the Irish.
That's true.
He's got a bit of the Irish.
Lacking them?
Yes, only the wee leprechauns can tell you.
Vampire leprechauns.
Oh, no.
Leprechaun vampires.
The best of the vampire leprechauns.
I just have you for a wee little bite.
Yes, one little bite.
Oh, there's a wee little bite.
Shrinking's not contagious, just not in the way you mean.
But pretty soon, you'll be losing your stature.
And I'm getting hungry for stringy...
Yellow livers, green intestines, pink heart.
They're magically delicious.
Delicious.
Hee hee hee hee.
Okay, let's chop that and stick it in the gel-getter for a brief moment.
Hey kids, do you know what time it is?
Let's get around the cauldron and the blue fire.
Hey kids.
Our granny likes them to put another stick under their kettle.
Pull up an old dead tree stump and sit a while.
While I spin a tale I call, Hex Day is Here.
Hee hee hee hee.
Whoa!
Hee hee hee hee.
Hee hee hee hee.
Hee hee hee hee.

The aperture was black, with a darkness almost material.
That tenebrousness was indeed a positive quality, for it obscured such parts of the inner walls
as ought to have been revealed, and actually burst forth like smoke from its eon-long imprisonment,
visibly darkening the sun as it slunk away into the shrunken and gibbered sky, on flapping,
nebulous wings.
Hee hee hee hee.
Hee hee hee hee.
No equipment to flash the tammels down the hallway.
You know, we should, uh, make a plug here for these, uh, these H. Ross Love Cra-er, I'm
sorry, H. Ross Hatecraft.
H. Ross Perot cards.
Uh, yeah, that, uh, Dr. Hal's been reading from, uh,
They tell the future of America's finances.
Well, they're made by, uh, Father Joe Mama.
Yes!
That's right.
Father Joe Mama, the such-and-such preacher whose stuff I've been playing on the hour
of slack for the last couple of months.
He's really got card making down, folks.
These Lovecraft cards are, are just, uh, just, uh, just, uh, just, uh, just, uh, just, uh,
they're great.
You'll want them.
They're the kind that all your boyfriends will want and all your girlfriends will secretly
admire.
So, we, we kind of take your mic like that.
This is, this is what we were reading from earlier, because I noticed, uh, I noticed
some cards here with some text on them on one side.
Collect them, swap them, trade them.
So, the, the text on these cards.
Well, what, can you describe the pieces?
What exactly are they?
They are...
And there's a free stick of gum in every package.
From...
But these are trading cards with H.P. Lovecraft, uh, on them.
I can tell you where to get them.
Okay, do so.
Monsterwax.com.
What?
Monsterwax.com.
Is the name of the manufacturer and producer of these H.P. Lovecraft collector trading
cards.
Monsterwax.com.
That's Monsterwax, yo.
W-A-X for you only listeners.
Only listening.
Nobody knows what wax is anymore.
Yeah, H. Ross Hatecraft, uh, collector.
Seriously, does, does anybody know what wax is anymore?
Watch that stuff from the airs.
It tastes so good.
Waxy Gordon and Waxy Malone.
It's not...
What does anybody use wax for anymore?
Get out of the cab, smoke in the air, wax in fridge and wipe your ears.
Oh, not the kind I like to hear about.
We gotta do the wax.
...when everyone sits down for a quiet nap.
Please, Officer Billy Gordon, remove their belts and get to good, thank you, Mike, with

And Mama in her kerchief and I in my cab had just settled our brains for a long winter's
nap.
When, out on the lawn, there was such a platter of...





I sprang from my bed to see what was the matter.
Away to the window I flew in a flash, tore open the shutters and...
...threw up on the sash.

...threw up on the sash.
Portions of the following broadcast will be objectionable to some members of the audience.
Therefore, WCSB advises, solicit your discretion.
We're sorry.
We're so sorry.
I didn't mean to interrupt the station show.
Haven't done a bloody thing all day.
...haven't done a bloody thing all day.
But, uh, I also have to tell you that any views or opinions expressed on this program...

...are not necessarily those of WCSB or Cleveland State University.
I think this would be a good time to pause, maybe, uh...
And change the, uh, underwear on that CD.
Exactly.
Pause that refreshes...
I can't wear the same pair of underwear for more than an hour, so...
...tale told by an idiot at the body of a fox.
This would be a great time to change my underwear.
...he did fire in the...
From PR News in Washington, I'm Pat.
The State Department says it doesn't believe any PR news.
The provincial pactee of Juma Khan Ashraf Hamdar Ghani Abdullah Hamdar Balkh Balkh Balkh
Balkh Abdullah.
He says he will not respect PR news.
He says he will not respect PR news.


On Wall Street, 47th, 1668.
The Labor Department is to announce it's writing new rules to ensure that you're listening
to PR news from Washington.
The Centers for Disease has increased the number of dangerous anthrax bacteria.
About 300 people were improperly secured.
They're further accused of ignoring PR news.
You've been listening to the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack.
For free, you can watch the show on your TV.
For more information, write to P.O.
Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 or see www.subgenius.com.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
