Remember.
We're sitting together listening to this.
And this is prison.
Remember.
We're sitting-
Remember.
You need me, and I have come.
Hi Bob.
Yeah.
Bob.
Ever change?
Yes sir, I like subgenius.
No sir, I don't like pink boys.
Yes sir, I love Bob.
No sir.
No sir, I do not want to stop Bob.
I just want to give my fish to the thousands.
Yes, deep fried as it is.
They brought out the best in Bob's fish.
And laid it upon the other water and fowl and little stinky things.
And everybody saw, and everybody ate, and it was kind of nice for all those people.
And Bob, I have a wonderful sound that's made when you emerge from space and come to this, my dwelling place.
Dear Bob, each night while I'm asleep, I hope to my house you will creep and poke your pipe in through the wall, so I'll be burned remembering all.
Dear Bob, it's time to close my eyes.
Remember now.
It's no surprise if I should be found dead someday.
I'll think that you were in the way.
Oh, gimme Bob.
Confusing that face.
With my own.
Can't remember my place.
Advice to younger subgenii.
If you should be unfortunately lucky enough to meet Bob and talk to Bob.
Never ask the question.
Why?
I stand here a victim of the influence of Emmanuel Bobstein.
Guilty on all counts.
I'm glad I was caught.
I was mentally deranged.
Now I am cured.
I ask only for you to accept my love of
The subgenius power of slack.
Bob's balls melted my garters.
The subgenius must have slack.
Tell me now.
Do they belong in you or in you?
However much the sonra coupe Iron Man would morgen
Gather a game
The C predictor
The one who次
endas
お
Welcome to church, boys and girls.
This may sound like noise, friends, but this is church.
Make sure that you feel the spirit.
The fighting Jesus looked out over the bridge of the Exist battle saucer, Blood of Christ.
He looked and laughed. He laughed and looked.
He looked and looked. He laughed and laughed.
He was finally going to have his revenge on the natives of Dust Moat 89 AB.
Aboard Jesus' flagship, dozens of killer theologians, the shock priests, were busy at their weapons terminals.
On the power decks, the proper orgone cycles were being timed by mass fornications between the ritual crew and the cancer beings from Theta Z.
An invasion-ready state existed.
The ship and the 900 others floating over the doomed planet, Earth.
Jesus was in a psychopathically elated state.
His face resembled many of the perverse icons the humanoids of the Dust Moat painted of him.
They prayed to these for the salvation of their souls, as if they had any souls to save.
As if anyone would want to save them, which they didn't.
A whole disgusting religion now centered around his murder.
They had to gall to nail him up.
They had to kill him, but he was a common criminal, and then paint pictures of him enjoying it.
And they thought he loved them for it. That he was forgiving.
Oh, the anticipation. He was sick to his stomach with glee.
He would show them the true face of pain and sin.
It had taken him 2,000 long years to return here, and now he would pay them back for the scars he still carried in his hands.
Sweet stigmata.
Even the slightest thought of the scars made them glow red through his fear.
However, hisición's
In hisเอان
τι
ai
y
the Horus Aeons, the dark bodies.
And at time and a half, too.
It was expensive to ravage a planet.
No matter.
That which comes had finally arrived.
And on Jesus' birthday.
What do you think, Dad?
His second-in-command, Jim Jones, stood by with the final attack coordinate, Codices.
A holographic map of Earth rotated slowly next to Jones in midair.
On its surface, grids of the natives' planetary defenses were lit up in green.
Ones, some depicting their pathetic communication structures in violet.
All in scale, quite pretty, actually.
A colorful net surrounded the sphere.
It would soon enough be dark.
These children wait for us below, Jesus.
We will walk among them and we will smile.
At your moment.
A choice, of course.
Jesus studied Jones' puffy, tired face in the pink glow of the neuron banks that ran around the walls of the mighty dreadnought and shuddered.
He was no stranger to resurrection of the undead, but whoever had brought Jones around again had slipped up.
Something was missing.
Something else was added.
Something.
Jones had been forced on him by the Djinn bankers who had financed this angelic war fleet.
Damn them.
He never forgot the price they had demanded for this mercenary raiding fleet.
Jones' constant reminders of their influence and expectations irritated Jesus no end.
Not to mention the annoying habit Jones had copied from dogs.
The twisted creature insisted on smoking a pipe, even here near the sensitive nerve relays.
Jones might have been left dead a little too long.
He moved with a constant jerk and always poked at his throat.
He never removed it.
He removed his sunglasses and he still took massive injections of methamphetamines, even though they no longer had any effect on his regenerated shell.
You know, Jimbo, said Jesus, the best part is that they think there's an afterlife.
That's why they strung me up the first time.
They think like bugs down there.
I'm well aware of that, Commander.
It bothered Jones to be back on Earth so soon after his failure with the social programming research post.
He had been running there.
It wasn't really his fault.
The administration change at Central merely cut off the funding for it.
He was forced to abort the experiment.
Then we'll have to wait before we find out what this is all about.
Not entirely.
The papers we found in Harding's laboratory explain why they're building the hydrogen bomb.
Its explosion was intended to deflect the rotation of the Earth enough to send it out of its orbit and spinning off into space.
Those zombies must have been as crazy as they looked.
It may sound ridiculous, but it's theoretically possible.
Yeah, we're safe now, for the time being.
But there are undoubtedly more of those power-mad creatures loose on other planets.
So it'll take constant vigilance on our part to ensure the safety of this world.
Yes, we subgeniuses must save this world from the humans.
That scenario, which would sure make a good movie scene someday,
is from the unfinished novel World Without Slack by St. Paul,
by Wilmer Vredes, printed in our book Three Fisted Tales of Bob,
which is now available only for free and only on subgenius.com.
That was me as a child reading it.
Before that, the Welcome to Church boogie was several fisted tales of Connie
with Pisces, Suds, Angry Larry, Philodrummon, Senator Speck,
Reverend Hazel of the Windmills, and Bishop Stick,
improvised live at 15X Day on July 5th after the world failed to end.
As was the case with the film, the film was a success.



The following pre-recorded live radio with Dr. Hal, Papa Joe Mama,
and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
What if there is a form of life in space?
Not on some planet, but just drifting.
Not life as we know it.
With intelligence, yes, but pure energy with no organic structure.
Invisible.
Invisible.
Now the rocket passed through the past.
Fade out.
It entered the rock.
Horrible.
We actually played most of that media broad stuff on Hour of Slack.
And it seems somehow so innocent and poignant.
Are we on?
Yes, I suppose we are.
We are on.
And it's the Hour of Slack number 1370-something after July 5th, 2012.
It actually is July 5th, conspiracy year 2012.
Maybe that really is the year.
Who knows?
We got up this morning.
The three of us were certainly there.
Dr. Hal, Papa Joe Mama.
We were here.
Waiting for the saucers in the beautiful stone circle.
You couldn't find a more appropriate place.
And so were the most faith-inspired of the faithful.
Waiting.
Actually, I counted 48 people.
48.
48 of the faithful.
They would have achieved the best staterooms and the most cushy treatment.
Our extraterrestrial buddies.
But as fate would have it, they're off again on another interstellar junket.
Too absorbed in their own affairs to dip their wick on planet mud ball even once.
The drunks who stayed in bed last night did the right thing.
It's that simple.
Once again, Bob rubbed it in.
We don't know what year it is.
We don't know what day it is.
We don't know what planet it is.
We don't know.
We know not what hour he shall come.
Yes, no man knoweth when the master will knock three times on the ceiling if he wants us.
So this is all in accord with what we understand and believe.
But, of course, I will admit freely that there is a slight annoyance at this cloud of incomprehension.
Of incomprehension.
In which we must all labor.
If only what was hidden could be made revealed.
Alas, this year it was not to be.
Yet we soldier blithely on, do we not?
Well, Dr. Leguim did point out that it's been 17 X-Day drills.
He was starting to almost suspect that there was some sort of a scam involved.
As if...
A holy man like Bob might lie or be wrong.
Well, if you look at the actual details of the prognostications,
it says the worthy subgenies will be ruptured.
Oh, don't go down that route, Papa Joe.
So when you get to there, well, it only makes sense.
We're all stuck here, still waiting.
Some of us have the fear that if all the impurity is burned away,
there won't be anything left of even the most faithful subgenius
but a small, smoldering subgenius.
Spot.
Spot.
Lo siento, no hablas francés.
Pero, pero, ¿dónde está Bob?
¿Qué? ¿Qué dices?
¿Dónde está Bob?
Bob.
¿Dónde está Bob?
Bob.

¿Dónde está Bob?
¿Dónde está Bob?
Él no es en El Salvador.
Buenos Aires, Perú.
¿Dónde está Bob?
¿Dónde?
Necesito.
Yo necesito.
Bob.
¿Dónde?
¿Dónde?
¿Dónde está Bob?
Yo necesito Bob.
Bob.
¿Dónde está?
¿Dónde?
¿Dónde?
¿Dónde está Bob?
Before the musicians get up here to make really horrible music,
I would like to first introduce to you
the former CEO,
the CEO of the Subgenius Foundation,
your overlord and leader,
Dr. Totten Lagoon.
Dr. Totten Lagoon.
Dr. Totten Lagoon.
Dr. Totten Lagoon.
Dr. Totten Lagoon.
Dr. Totten Lagoon.
Shut the fuck up or you'll get more Elvis.
Dr. Totten Lagoon.
Dr. Totten Lagoon.
Dr. Totten Lagoon.
Dr. Totten Lagoon.
Dr. Totten Lagoon.
Dr. Totten Lagoon.
Dr. Totten Lagoon.
Dr. Totten Lagoon.
Dr. Tottenавantically.
Dr. Totten Lagoon official.
The MTV, USA,
it's distance,
nostep,

No glass in skeletons to seal BC.
That's behind the board,
WW TO FRO Philadelphia 500.
The bill always follows the Ст.
In that same retarded subgenius fashion, the pinks are supposed to fry on X day and fuck
me running instead, here we are frying instead.
While they sit in air conditioned cracker boxes in the Bronx and LA and London and Krakow
thinking how special and awesome they are and how smart they are, these pinks would
never fall for the idea that a bunch of wackos hold the key to their salvation because they'd
never believed that some insane Armageddon might wipe them from the face of the earth.
But even if we didn't hold that key, their safety is an illusion.
When Vesuvius wiped out Pompeii, those ancient wops learned that lesson.
.
When a tsunami and an earthquake wiped out half of Japan, the Japanese learned that lesson.
When a tornado wiped out a whole Missouri town, they learned that lesson and that wasn't
even the worst one in history.
All this disaster talk makes me feel fuzzy.
I remember when Hurricane Katrina hit.
I saw the footage of all the people who died.
I saw all those bodies floating in the water.
I remembered some pink asked, why would God do this to them?
My reply to that idiot was, because God likes alligators too.
Yes brothers and sisters, Jehovah One loves crows and vultures and worms and jackals.
Funny thing though, if you kill all the bugs, the birds die and then the plants die.
If you kill all the plants, the animals starve and the humans die.
But humans have no natural enemies other than us.
They have no natural enemies.
If the humans die, everything else gets a free lunch.
What better metaphor for slack than a free lunch?
We all got slack from free lunches here just this weekend.
We're all here to help.




This is we.
Sure lots of subgeniuses, including me, revel in the notion of wiping the stain of humanity
from the face of this planet.
But that's not really what it's all about.
Vengeance is just a free lunch.
It's how we will get slack from giving slack to the earth.
To give the animals their free lunch.
Woo!
To achieve this goal.


We must prepare.
We must load our knives and sharpen our guns.
Many subgeniuses have said, Dr. Legume, he's a bully.
He's an asshole.
He's vicious and heartless and cold blooded.
He hurts people and he's power mad.
Power mad.
Well it's true.
I'm mad and I has power.
I has amazing power.
I can make people forget what they say and make them remember things that never happened.
People cancel their vacation plans when I snap my fingers.
I am made of living fire.
I am destroying the church of the subgenius single handedly.
I am a flame warrior.
I am a bully.
An asshole.
I am the ban instigator watchdog.
I rape you in your constitutional rights.
When I drop the anti-gay.

Ban word.
It breaks.
I'm the big cheese motherfuckers.
I'm the humongous.
I wipes my arse from Genesee to Revolut.
I can wash brains.
I'm the puppet master.
I'm a rat bastard.
My sundial says it's hammer time.
Pisces tits bounce at my command.
Bounce.
I ain't lying.
I ain't lying.
I cut the cheese and I cut the mustard.
I cut the bologna.
You gotta stand on the moon to see my male pattern baldness.
I have 17 balls.
I was born in the heart of an H-bomb and I dropped the F-bomb.
I sleep in the middle of the highway.
I drink gasoline with a hand grenade chaser.
I die for fun.
I'm a rat soup eating mother fucker.



I'm a rat soup eating mother fucker.
My dick has racing stripes.

I banned all your friends.
I am the big boss of this area.
I'm the organ grinder and stangs my dancing monkey.
I am the king of butt hurt.
And that having been said, we come to the subject of today's sermon.
the butthurt of the subgenus.
The bearer of this card
is a righteous and ordained overman uberwoman
and is entitled to all privileges usually granted a holy person.
Sounds like a pretty sweet deal
until you really think about it.
You see, with that privilege also comes the burden
usually granted to a holy person.
That burden may very well be the scorn
of those who think you're full of shit.
That burden may very well be getting the shit kicked out of you
by rival cultists or turned away by your own family and friends.
Mahatma Gandhi, Martin Luther King,
Osama Bin Laden, all holy men.
And what did they get?
Shot the fuck up is what?
John the Baptist?
Beheaded?
The Catholic Church alone
has over 10,000 martyred saints,
many of whom were executed in colorful, creative,
and no doubt hilariously entertaining ways.
The founder of the Mormons, Joseph Smith,
and his brother Hiram were killed by a mob.
And as much as we'd all like to,
let's not forget America's most popular holy man,
Jesus H. Christ.
Dragged through the streets, beaten, tortured,
stabbed, and nailed to a cross.
As a final example,
I offer you all the big kahuna himself,
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Your subgenius minister's card reads as follows.
The bearer of this card
is a righteous and ordained overman uberwoman
and is entitled to a life of service.

all privileges usually granted a holy person in the subgenius church you are promised eternal
salvation or triple your money back you're promised a package of cool propaganda and that's it
the rest of what you get are all privileges not rights the church in no way shape or form
promises that the foundation proper will support or endorse any of your wacky schemes or ideas
art projects drug addiction and or alcoholism or lifestyle choice
you're not promised to say in how the church is run you're not promised admittance to the
x-day event you're not promised membership in any of the online groups you're not promised
the respect for your opinions from anyone and you're especially not promised that everyone
will be nice to you i'm a big fan of the who but just because i bought all their albums doesn't
mean that i can go with you you're the one that gets the most money i don't mean that i can go
over to Roger Daltrey's house, sleep on his couch, fuck his groupies, and tell him
how to put on a rock and roll show.
All Dobbs ever asked you for was 35 bucks and most of you paid even less
than that. You got what you paid for and anything beyond that is a privilege
granted by the benevolence of Dobbs fellow servants. We serve Dobbs.
We are not your parents. Those of us who are perceived as members of some higher
echelon have attained our status because we work hard, we fix problems, we give.
We gave our money as a tithe from Bob. We give our effort, we give our sweat, we fix
problems, we create the mythos, the art, the music, the videos,
we create the mythology, the rules, the art, we


We provide ideas and work hard to bring them to fruition,
as opposed to those who just sit and stare and demand to be spoon-fed the slack they feel entitled to.
When I joined this church, I got a membership pack and a minister's card.
That's what I paid for.
There was no X-Day, there was no Facebook or Yahoo groups, and devivals were few and far between.
The only sub-geni I personally knew were the ones I indoctrinated myself.
If you wanted to correspond with another sub-genius, you mailed them a letter.
You sent them smoke signals.
A lot of us still do.
All of the facets of the present sub-genius church, the present community,
the events and friends that you have made,
from attending them, these did not just happen.
These assets were built by the heroes of the sub-genius church,
the saints, the doctors, who all understand that slack is returned tenfold,
only to those willing to give all the slack they have.
People like Stang, Princess Wee,
Susie the Floozy, Papa Joe Mama,
G. Gordon Gordon,
Nikki Death Chick, Pisces and Suds,
Reverend Pockets, Two Beans,
even sweet little Pantiera,
pitch in to make X Day and the sub-genius church the best church ever,
as do many others who I regretfully don't take the time to name here.
Many of you like to sit and just dig on the happenings,
and you know what?
That's fucking awesome too.
We get our measure of slack by doing this for our friends.
But to bitch and complain that you're not a sub-genius church,



and you're not provided the slack you feel you're entitled to,
or worse, taking it from someone who does deserve it,
when you have put no slack of your own into the great slack pot,
that is the very definition of asshat.
That makes you an ungrateful slack vampire.
If you lose your shit and start raving like a deluded idiot,
just because mean old bully Dr. Legume was rude,
rude to you, and pointed out your obvious asshattery on the internet,
then you might as well just burn your card right fucking now,
because while Bob loves you, the rest of us think you're an asshole.
You don't need the sub-genius church, you need a mother.
And if you see me as a mother figure, your father was a fag.
We don't owe you our support, endorsement, or our fellowship.
We will not sit idly by while you publicly attempt to buttfuck us.
You got your minister's card, you can go be a sub-genius by your goddamn self,
somewhere far from mean people who won't stroke your dick.
Membership has its privileges, but like I preached to you today,
it also has its burdens.
And a few as a sub-genius would rather add to that burden than to generate slack,
than my message to you, Mr. or Mrs. Butthurt Slacks,
the sub-genius is as follows.
Go fuck yourself, you worthless candy-ass cunt.
You're not sitting in the irradiated wreckage of your flood-ravaged town.
You're not picking through your tornado-blasted possessions
looking for your dead child.
You're not some fossilized guinea, frozen in perpetual pants-shitting terror
inside a 2,000-year-old lava rock.
Puzzling evidence that you're not a child, but a child.
You're a child that's shot dobs in the head.
Consider yourself lucky if a little butt hurt is your heaviest burden.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob!
Everyone give a hand for Dr. Lagoum!
I'm not the one to blame.

I won't be the first.
Keep me out of your revolution.
I won't be the first.
Keep me out of your revolution.
Policeman's a prick.
Drug dealer's a dick, who should you pick?
Somebody try to sit on me, I smell like onions, I know
Bob can help you, Bob can help you, Bob can help you
I won't be the first, keep me out of your revolution
I won't be the first, keep me out of your revolution
Policeman's a prick, drug dealer's a dick, who should you pick?
Bob can help you, Bob can help you, Bob can help you
Bob can help you, Bob can help you, Bob can help you
I don't know why, it's, I mean, my wife, she fell down and they've had to pick her up and her leg's okay
And something, you can't get something for nothing, you know, if it ain't one thing, it's another
It, you know what I'm talking about, it, it, it, it ain't one thing, it is gonna be another
It may be coming back on that opposite reality chain, you know, the one coming back the other way
It's like a big eight, it's like a big eight, if it weren't for nothing
In contrast, you know, we'd be like nothing too compared to it
And, and you can't know nothing unless you know everything
But you can't know everything unless you know nothing
I mean, people say crazy things, they, they get down there and they say
But the Hades, the Hades and the unseen world and the abode of the lost
And they say that ain't real and, and I seen it down there on the seventh level and I, I
The mystery, the mystery, the mystery, it just, it just tears us apart
The mystery, and if we can just say, I know, I know that we can make it back
Believe it or not, that was me in 1980
I was a bit more superstitious back in those days
Before that, the song, I Won't Be the First, was by the Psychoskeletons
Their work can be found at soundclick.com slash the psychoskeletons
Before that, Dr. Legumes, truly inspiring song
Rant, the Butthurt Subgenius
Stay tuned for another great sermon, this time by Father Joe Mama
But first, from Lemur, PR News
From PR News in Washington, I'm sometimes in the Penn State locker rooms
Lawyers say PR News abused him
PR's likely to blame for that attack on a popular PR reporter
PR News claimed they attacked because people engage in immoral activities
PR's bad
At last, Chuck on Wall Street
5713
Federal safety regulators say they're investigating more than a million complaints about PR News from Washington
UN Envoy Kofi Annan says he wants bloodshed
The former UN Secretary General was saying he wants bloodshed next week
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration rolled to a 121-106 win over PR News in Washington
It's not for us to know
No, we can't say who's pink and who's a subgenius
We can say who bought their subgenius ID card
But we can't say what their genetic history is
The very beginning of getting squared away and ship-shaped with the church of the subgenius
Is making this simple elementary monetary transaction
Well, sir, I know, and you all know, that one thing that you can never get enough of is
More edifying subgenius dogma and theology
And that is why, limping and halt, you have all come here to hear even more of the same subgenius succotash
And as it happens, the Savonarola of the church of the subgenius, perhaps even the Torquemada
Is sitting directly to my right
And he has a rip-snorting shirt on
And a sermon to lay upon you
Of hellfire, damnation, and far worse
And I think to set the stage for what follows
We must now attend to the words of Papa Joe Mama
On this X-Day, Drill Day, July 5th, 2012
In the year of our Lord
So mote it be
Recovering as we are from these whole series of storms
Many of which have been described as the storm of the century
Some of us may have also noticed that there's been a lot of wildlife to come out after the storms
To feed on me personally
You go out past the grounds of the gravel and dirt roads here
You may see the asphalt that awaits you as you hit the first roads of civilization
You may see the many, many worms that have crawled out
And what happened to them
And such was the inspiration for today's sermon entitled
The Subgenius Diet of Worms
Because dear friends, so many people spend their lives inching further and further away from Bob
Yet they don't even realize it until it's too late
They don't have the vision to recognize their mistake
They don't have the wisdom to realize what they are doing
And they don't have the faith to correct their mistake
It's one of life's greatest tragedies repeated day in and day out
How many of you have taken a walk after that storm and seen in the wet morning
And noticed all those worms crawling about on the pavement
They come out at night when it's cool and wet
And they mate with other worms
But then, then the sun comes up
And the dampness dries
And millions if not billions
Are trapped on the pavement unable to escape
If it wasn't for all the sidewalks and roads
Well, they would just crawl back into the ground
No problems whatsoever
For millions of years it worked fine
But thanks to so-called civilization
Covering most of the ground with cement and asphalt
A basic pleasure like mating becomes a life or death experience
Every year the risk increases
More and more payment
They won't quit bulldozing
And paving over this planet until the seven seas are covered
That's their definition of progress
To be sure
There's still plenty of opportunity to find open ground now
But the lowly worms have a handicap
For they lack vision
If you walk along the road
You'll see hundreds of them dried up like twigs
Just inches away from the edge of the pavement
They could be mere microns from escape
But without vision they lose whatever hope they have
So they give up
Shrivel up
And die
Or worse yet
They change directions
And go perpendicular to the edge
The road can go on for miles
There's absolutely no hope they will ever reach the end
But they don't know that
Because they are misguided
Most humans
The pinks
Why they are just like worms
They leave their natural state
They abandon their caveman ways
And their yeti heritages
And they venture forth into the sterile world of the conspiracy
They surrender their freedoms
To dig any direction
In three different dimensions
Up and down
Left or right
Backwards and forwards
To do anything they want
And where there are no rules
No regs
And no laws
And yet they trade all that freedom for a flat
Conforming
Two dimensional world
An artificial world
Built by and for
The conspiracy
Oh yes
They can still crawl left and right
Back and forth
And
Well let's be fair
They can still get up
As long as they lie down
And take it in the butt for the conspiracy
Fortunately
We still can get down
By going back to Bob
They
They would have us live close to the edge
But Bob
Can give us that opportunity to take the plunge
But alas few have that vision
We can't blame humans for wanting to explore
To see what the conspiracy has to offer
The more you look at the other religions
The better the subgenius religion looks
And everybody knows
That Bob is all for expanding your mind
Be it with books
Or adventure
Or pharmaceuticals
The only bad experience
Is the one you were too afraid to try at least once
But unfortunately
Most folks
And I mean millions
Perhaps billions lose their way
Until it's too late to find their way home
The conspiracy has blinded them
With bullshit
And now they can see
Where they are going from
And whence they have come
But time is relative my dear friends
That night of pleasure
And that morning of afterglow
Must have seemed like it would never end
To the worms in the street
Until the sun started beating its pathway
Up into the apex in the sky
Boiling their blood
The worms
Didn't know what the sun was
They didn't believe it existed
Because they couldn't see it
They couldn't feel it
They couldn't feel the discomfort
Until it was too late
Does that remind you of something friends?
Like hell?
Yes dear friends
One of the conspiracy's greatest tricks
Was making us think
Hell was beneath the earth
When in reality
It was right there on the surface
And we were living in it
Years may pass
Before you realize
Your life is evaporating away
Oh it's nothing sudden
That would be too obvious
No it's gradual
You die slowly
By degrees
How many people here now
Are starting to feel the heat
One degree at a time
That degree
Well it may be
Too many bills
Or too many bad relationships
Or too many jerks at work
You might have a combination platter
Of several different things
Like a flat tire
An obnoxious telemarker
Or an unexpected parking ticket
Or a sudden tax audit
You name it
The possibilities are endless
And there you are
Completely naked
In the middle of the conspiracy parking lot
With high noon approaching fast
What are you gonna do?
Run?
You can try running friends
But chances are
You'll just go further down that same road
Even if you backtrack where you started
If you're like most folks
You ventured way too far out
To make it back alive
You're a goner
But by the grace of God
You're a Bob
Go ahead
Ask him for a miracle
You just might get it
Only an act of Bob
Can cover that burning light
With a thick blanket of clouds
And release the cool liqueur of slack
To rain down on you
And your fellow subgenius mutants
Only Bob
And the gravitational pull
Of a few exes orbiting death stars
Has the power
To make the pavement buckle
And split
And like Moses in the Red Sea
Rip
The pavement










In twain
Thus providing you and your friends
A second chance at salvation
Will you have the wisdom
To take that chance
Or will you
Like a true conspiracy stooge
Crawl away in the other direction?
Of course
This amazing miracle
Will be described
As a disaster
By the conspiracy
Oh we had a terrible flood
And an earthquake
It was the storm of the century
They'll say
Millions of dollars
Worth of rose
And precious pears









And a pavement
Will destroy their claim
And hundreds of lives lost
Or perhaps just twelve
Think about that statement
Lives lost
Were they really lost?
Lost by the conspiracy perhaps
But found by Bob
A successful life
To the conspiracy
Is one spent slaving away
To their wants
And their desires
A life that wears itself down
And grinds itself out
Exchanged the vitality of life
For stiff artificial objects
We're told we cannot live
Without
Then
When the pathetic person is dead
And shriveled up like a raisin
Then and only then
Does the conspiracy return
The body to Mother Earth
And how do they do it?
Why they lock it in a box
And they place it in a cement vault
Beneath the grass
Surrounded by earth
But not touching it
Or better yet
Burned to a crisp
In a crematorium
And in either instance
The body is embalmed
That is to say
Cut open and hollowed out
Because dear friends
We all know
If there's one thing
The conspiracy can't stand
It's a person with guts
Oh, did I forget to mention
Both options cost thousands of dollars
How typical
Bob, on the other hand
Only wants you to be free
No fuss, no muss
And the only fee he charges
Is a one-time $35 love offering
How much more obvious
Can the choice be?
Are you going to let yourself
Be turned into a dried-up mummy?
For some kind of
Conspiracy hell on earth?
Are you going to live life
As a conspiracy worm
Crawling along on your belly
Dodging those goose-stepping
Hard heels of the conspiracy boots?
Or
Or are you going to live a life
Of a reproduction cycle
Of a Martian peen worm
Living inside a bob-dob's pants pocket
Just below the surface of the zipper
Living and squirming and mating
As if your very life
Depended on it
Which it does
The choice, friends, is yours
The choice, friends, is yours

I just hope you chose wisely
And avoid that hot highway
To hell
Here and at the word of my praise, Bob
Amen
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Papa Joe Mama!
What an incredible sermon
And what a great-sounding recording
Hail Papa Joe Mama
Thank goodness Dr. Philo Drummond
Has not arrived here yet
Nor G. Gordon Gordon
They will in the fullness of time
For the purest of souls
But the purity of Papa Joe's words
Came through loud and clear
Without any snarky second meanings thrown at him
We can put those in in post
We'll add those in
Along with the zoings and the boings
And the various other things
If only Dr. Legume's rant last night
Had worked out so well
Half of it wasn't there
Well, I was there
And I heard the rants of G. Gordon Gordon and...
That's incredible.
Both were totally in line with subgenius doctrine.
And yet totally contradictory.
Yes, that's the beauty of it.
They contradicted each other completely, all the way down the line,
and yet each rant was doctrinally perfect.
Because of the contradictory nature, they force the subgenius spirit to expand like an amoeba,
to accommodate them both.
Like the single hand clapping.
If it makes sense, then it's not making the sense that it's meant to make.
You just need long fingers and a fat palm for that.
It's like Schrodinger's cat.
There's a dead cat and a live cat and a half-dead zombie cat and a fat live cat and a skinny live cat.
And someone has to feed them all at seven in the morning.
And so here we are.
Well, we got up at seven in the morning.
And we waited.
Earlier?
Yes.
I had to get up at six.
When it was actually cool here at Wisteria.
Believe it or not.
Those of us who weren't jamming and ranting last night, late into the night, we gathered.
We waited.
We did the countdown.
We did the countdown again like we always do.
We came up with the silly excuses like we always do.
And?
And?




We continued to march on in pure faith like we always do.
Once again, Bob proved to us we don't know Jack.
I often think.
Much less Bob.
And so all we can do is wait for his signal.
Wouldn't it be just like Bob to have the real X-Day one day after X-Day?
Just to see how many subgeniuses just threw up their hands and gave up.
To see who the real quitters were.
That would be typical.
And maybe really to tell.
Why not?
To really tell.
He might have to make it like two days afterwards.
Because the hangover is not even really over one day afterwards.
So two days after X-Day, that's probably when the real X-Day is.
Or even better, do it on Christmas.
Or Hanukkah.
Perhaps.
Or perhaps even July 3rd.
A whole almost year after X-Day.
I don't know if we should have it on some conspiracy holiday that's eternally bound into spending large sums of money.
Because just in the unfair way things are, there would be less for Bob and his ministry.
After these pointless potlatches had been totally satisfied.
Although it should be pointed out that real money means nothing to Bob.
He just collects it as a token of your appreciation for what he has to say.
What is not sponsored with money has no value to you.
To him it's like air.
He just breathes and he inhales it and exhales it.
Mattress ticking.
It's a bit like the Asian version of what they call ghost money.
They collect it and then they throw it in the furnace to burn incense.
Yes, it's called hell money.
It's given in the afterlife so you can spend and have a nice car, a deep freeze, a flat screen TV in the world to come.
Bob will accept your check.
He'll even accept your credit card.
He won't accept hell money.
He does prefer $1 bills over a $20 and a $10 and a $5.
It's just because it's more fuel to put in the furnace.
It's more fuel to put in the furnace to help fuel the steam rooms of the saucers.
A lot of people think these excess saucers are some high-tech deal.
They are massive.
They're the size of a planet, but they're still run on steam.
It's a standard steam engine.
It's a pretty clean white of...
Very eco-friendly.
Yes, it uses a very common element in the universe, water.
And the parameters are high-tech, but the execution is low.
So, it's a very common element in the universe, water.
Which is something that the most advanced civilizations go for.
Because fewer things to go wrong.
Fewer over-complicated moving parts.
Female-to-female connections.
And that sort of thing.
So, while $1, $35 contributions are the highest coin of the realm,
coins themselves are not as appreciated.
If you come in with 35 jars of...
Mason jars of pennies with 100 in each jar.
Especially submerged in honey.
Yeah, that doesn't go over too well.
Yes.
I guess that one fellow did bring in his urine in jars, but that was Howard Hughes.
He was urinating for a better life.
So, we made a special exception for him.
But the higher the denomination, Fred, the hotter that spiritual flame.
You know, it was a quid pro quo deal.
You know, things aren't going well for you.
And your life seems a little run down and the future looks a little shabby.
Maybe you should ask...
Ask yourself, what have I done for Bob lately?
Because remember, friends, this church is not just a church about having a few grins.
It's about giving.
And you should always, when times get rough, tithe to the church.
And make Bob tip that luck plane in your direction.
It'll make you shout hallelujah.
Yes, friends, do not fear the reaper.
Fear not tithing.
To Bob.
To Bob.
To Bob.
To Bob.
To Bob.
To Bob.
To Bob.
To Bob.
conspiracy
He was a great man
Oh
No, no cross Toledo avoided by mosquitoes and the big chain
That deals in Bolivia
All
friends in the crib
Oh
Oh
Oh

Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh

Oh

Oh








One day in Moscow
He went down to Gurkha
Long gone I come
I'm not going to lie to you, I'm going to lie to you, and you and I.
God, a man with love, a man with love, a man with love.
And just for 35, you can be by his side, and you can take a saucer ride.
And then you'll see, how to get to the top.
Just like for free, if you just follow.
God, a man with love, a man with love, a man with love.
And you can be by his side, and you can take a saucer ride.
Yeah!
Bob.
In San Francisco.
A long, long time ago.
He met his end.
But he lives again.
Yeah!
You know, he lives again.



He might think about how rich he is, because then people might think he doesn't need the
money.
But he doesn't need the money.
It's not Bob who needs the money.
It's the follower who needs to get it.
He doesn't need the money, but Bob's ministers need the money.
Because they are not as purely along the path of luck as Bob is.
Bob doesn't need money or anything else, but his ministers need every help that they can
get to follow with their halting steps.
The footprints of the world.

The world's most slackful man.
And the lowest of the low subgenie, the followers,
they are the ones who benefit the most by giving.
That's right.
What are the popular shows these days?
The Bob show, Hour of Slack?
Puzzling Evidence, Ask Dr. Howell?
No, it's The Biggest Loser.
Bob's Slack Time Funhouse?
Nay.
No, it's like America's American Idol.
Dancing with the Stars.
Yeah.
Scooby-Doo.
But we're going to be dancing among the stars.
Not even the classic Scooby-Doo, but the crappy version.
I don't think any version of Scooby-Doo may be called classic,
but perhaps I do.
Not even the one with Casey Kasem as...
Well, a certain perverse ability to...
There's no sense in trying to save the pink.
Bob did not instruct us to try to save everyone.
Only 144,000.
They can only be saved when they are no longer pink.
144, 44.40, something like that.
When everyone...
Every tint of pinkness has been burned away with the acids of subgenius revelation.
Like the island of Dr. Moreau's House of Pain, it must be excoriated with extreme prejudice.
The beast flesh must be driven back.
Some people say, well, why didn't they use some anesthesia?
Because that would defeat the purpose.
We don't want to make it easy for them.
They have to feel the pain.
Well, Moreau said it didn't matter if an animal felt pain.
Well, pinks are animals.
Yes.
But, you know, they have an animal body.
But we're trying to inculcate a spiritual body.
And that spiritual body is the Church of the Subgenius.
We are merely among its thousands of limbs.
Mere cells in the greater body.
Of which this show, The Hour of Slack, is but one of its radio outlets.
In fact, it is the but one.
And you can learn everything about the Church of the Subgenius and the other sub-shows from Subgenius.
Subgenius.
Subgenius.com
Thousands of previous shows, including Bob's Slack Time Funhouse from WREK, Atlanta,
and Puzzling Evidence from KPFA Berkeley, can be downloaded by following the links there.
The song earlier, A Man Called Bob, was by several fisted tales of Connie,
like this background music, made up on the spot live at 50 Next Day.
The rant before that, on tithing, was by Dr. G. Gordon Gordon.
We'll be back next week forever.
But now,
we must sign off.
Take it away, Connie.
At this day in beautiful North Texas comes to an end,
we hope we've been a pleasant part of your day.
We strive for quality and are happy to display this National Association of Broadcasters seal of good practice.
We hope you've had a good day, and that you'll join us again tomorrow.
Good night.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show,
and we're even more glad that some listeners,
have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob, and want some of that slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com front page, or especially the radio page, or the catalog store pages,
and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the radio,
on the brink of total poverty,
and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference,
even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
50 bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that,
blow jobs could go the way of Steve jobs,
if you don't pay dogs.
We also take checks and money orders to,
subgenius foundation,
P.O. Box 181417,
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
