Ladies and gentlemen, education holds America's future, perhaps your future.
The subgenius power of smoke.
Work, work.
First to give you premium quality.
A felony.
And first to give you scientific facts in support of smoking.
A felony.
Do it today.
From PR News in Washington, I'm deported immediately with German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Meanwhile, leaders from European Union countries are meeting in Texas along the Mexican border.
Free our children.
Meanwhile, the government doubled in size overnight and now covers at least 1,500 acres around the country.
Meanwhile, Trump tweeted.
Free our children.
A growing number of right-wing EU governments.
Are demanding no PR news.
Last month, several activists were arrested and accused of undermining PR news.
They're also demanding PR news in Washington.
A man with a third eye and glasses meets a cyclops with glasses.
Near-sighted perception meets thought.
Firesighted aggression.
The cyclops is six times taller than the man and fat from eating all the men before him.
With each huge swing, the cyclops misses.
Like trying to swat a gnat, the air darting the target just out of reach and back again and again.
The man, too busy artfully dodging, is unable to access the third eye and too weak to throw anything heavy or damaging enough to defeat the overgrown, bloated ogre.
The man, too busy artfully dodging, is unable to access the third eye and too weak to throw anything heavy or damaging enough to defeat the overgrown, bloated ogre.
The giant adjusts his glasses and tries to focus on his elusive adversary, always in motion.
The man pushes the glasses up his nose and pauses.
Just long enough for the boot to descend upon him.
The cyclops shoes, newly purchased and not yet broken in, still had plenty of tread.
The man easily and luckily fit between the treads.
Unfortunately, the custom Christian Dior glasses did not survive.
Now with blurred distance vision, the man searches for options.
The cyclops sits with him.
The man is a quaking thud and examines his shoe for human goo.
From the cornfield that he's scurried to, the man begins sharpening a long wooden stick.
The cyclops, finding no mush for snacking, licks his lips and hears scraping.
Smells deadly.
The man is a little bit nervous.

He wipes mist from his glasses.
The hunt is on.
The giant heads towards the cornfield, the source of the sound.
Nostrils flaring an alert as he sniffs and searches for his prey.
The man is a little bit nervous.




The man carves faster, frantically, as confrontation draws ever near.
Suddenly, a careless crashing through the cornfield is heard, accompanied by mis-length.
Another human male, blond and bronze, emerged from the perimeter into the open field.
The man is a little bit nervous.

His to스� fell from the ground in one fell swoop, until the tables rolled down to his



Neither of them looked surprised, saying she's a Les gì droigne, which means she's not
alone.
After pressing her nose on the layfy field of course, the sight of theange, an gladiator



The two engage in hardy guffaws and smiles and long-kept adoration.
The stranger reminds the giant to keep his voice down as being so large the sound can
be quite ear-shattering for the lesser beings.
They continue conversing and reminiscing about lost weekends, lovers, farming, business,
bozos and limetix disease.
Then they both notice the annoying sound of scraping and turn to look.
The man, completely mesmerized by what he was witnessing, had continued whittling his
stick until it is no longer than the knife he was carving with.
The stranger shakes his head.
Turns back to side-close.
He leaves the man alone.
Heuning his head into sand on the floor, he pushes him away.
The stranger hardly leaves.
The hombresons jump in, every now and then and finish them off with one blow.
The stranger is placed in a dodgy position with the arms breathing tahunousaders that
don't catch up to him.
tasty it turns out that the only other thing the man has to offer is that he
happens to be a master brewer a deal is struck the cyclops being a tinkerer
fashions a seal tight handle to attach to every keg the man makes and drinks a
giant mug of beer every night in return the man was free to frolic in the vast
land the giant ruled pet the man-sized sheep snack lick the pig snacks coiled
tail and even kitchen privileges in the ramshackle vast leaky cabin after
lunch
three consecutive batches of mediocre keg beer the giant pulls the man aside
given the size difference they were both effectively able to use the same lenses
the cyclops broke his glasses in half as he only needed one glass and offered the other half to the
man who was internally in a coma and was not able to breathe the cyclops broke his glasses in half
giving the man a rakuto but nawet a low price midway through a series of
hundred danes ought to be helpful to the vorne in closing the decent and courteous
atmosphere must have coworker high fives that egg in the case of any beast

the drunken without a single attack
in a jerk
but you could call the dont go around dark
will lay a little weak
the dols
was struggling

The praying old man was blinking back at him.
He was all of forty-three yet looked seventy-four.
He dove into his latest brew, the best batch yet, and let the foam and the bubbles and
the alcohol consume him.
The Cyclops reached for his nightcap and, in the Bed Bath and Beyond buy two get one
free candlelight, he looked before he drank.
Like a human-sized drink with a nat in it, he poured it down, the carbonation tickling
the roof of his mouth, and licked his lips.
The nightcap was a student.
protein, he said.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Cyclops vs. Man by Sheridan.
Now, friends, I got a couple of CDs from this thing of all places,
Cleveland, calling itself Sheridan.
And I think we'll be hearing more of his or its short stories,
every single one of which has to obey certain odd and special rules.
They're all one famous character versus another matching famous character.
And one must be nearsighted and one must be farsighted.
He also has a CD of shorter bits, which we'll be gradually hearing.
Yeah.
You know, friends, doing this church and radio outreach introduces us to the most interesting people.
And thanks to Lemur for the titles and news and short upcoming upchucks.
This is our Slack number 1792.
Not a rerun, although I found in my best of ESO collections some old swamp radio clips from WCSB Cleveland.
With Lonesome Cowboy Dave and host Chaz Smith that I think remain most pertinent.
This particular upcoming clip from December 2002, maybe, maybe, I'm not sure,
maybe recorded the night after the great Chaz Smith learned that he might be dying of AIDS.
Not that he told anyone about that ever.
He died five years later.
Of a lot of complications.
It was on his death certificate.
So tragic because he wouldn't let anyone know.
I have reason to suspect, though, looking back, that this was the week he got the diagnosis.
Okay.
Okay.
I don't know what happens now.
I don't know what anything is anymore.
Well, one thing is for sure.
The heretics of science have taken over the top berth.
Not the after birth.
Not the slow berth.
But the top berth.
I don't even know what that means.
What it means that guys like Milton Drumplay and Exocentris Squink.
I don't know who they are.
Well, they they fondled.
Let's say they fondled quantum mechanics until it couldn't come.
I don't even really know what that is.
What quantum is?
Isn't it?
Yeah.
Well, you used to always preach to me.
Now you don't remember because I can't sure as hell remember.
No.
What is quantum?
It's that everything is discrete, has a bunch of these discrete particles all going their own way.
I don't believe any of it.
Held together by a soggy old man or something.
You don't believe in science anymore?
Oh, yeah.
Sure.
Oh, geez.
You sound so blase about, though.
I mean, that's just something that people come up with.
Stuff's already there anyway.
So.
Whether it's true or not is irrelevant.
Doesn't really matter.
Because it is.
Yeah.
Right.
It is.
It is what it is and it ain't what it ain't.
Well, you sound like a cultural hegemonist who believes that only your own ideas are.
What's the point?
Now you sound like a nihilist.
Like what's the point of understanding it?
Now you sound like a transmutational genocistic.
Oh, Christ, man.
You got all the diseases.
Oh, Chaz, you got the malaise.
There's no point to try and understand anything.
Well, I can agree with you.

I can agree with you in a marginal way.
You know, like the same kind of thing that you use to cook your food in.
The same items you use to create information in your doorway or your computer and stuff.
The same things that make you up as molecules are drifting in and out of you right now and you don't want them to stay put.
You don't care.
They're going to do what they want to do, whatever.
It doesn't matter what I want.
Yeah.
But molecules do have a mind of their own.
It's a miracle they even hang out together long enough for you to get a pair of eyebrows sometimes.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
The universe is billions and billions and billions of light years across.
Yeah, we're kind of small.
In fact, we're miniscule when you say it that way.
We're hardly there.
We're like a particle in a puff of smoke.


So, well, when we were playing in the Puffer Dome, don't you think like some massive godlike people were looking down from strange new crafting?
No.
Do you think like the little, well, you said once that little super tiny, tiny little aliens were watching us.
That was the acid.
Oh, man.
Everything I built my life's beliefs on.
Aw, jeez.
Man.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Now I'm going to get the malaise.
Limits limit.
Limits limit.
I said I'm going to get the malaise.
I said I'm going to get the malaise.
It's a kind of a silly thing.
I've been working for silver.
He's listening to Janice again, Stang.
Huh?
He's listening to Janice and he's all depressed about his mollet tools again.
Janice.
Oh.
Oh, I thought it was Janice Jarpler because she's going, drag, drag, drag.
Oh, my god.
It's a man.
No.
It's Robert Plant.
Oh.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.

No.
No.
No.





That's how you do it.
That's how you do it.
I'm going to get this love.
All right.
Let's get to it.



I see this.
Yeah, baby.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
This is amazing.
I'm going to get this love.
Oh, man.
All right.
That's it.
Are you out of your mind?
That's it, boys.
That's it.
Boy, that's it.
Oh, no.
Oh, man.


Oh, man.


the bottom are all offside. There's nothing wrong with me.
Oh, he's finally
seeing clearly.
This is the way it really is, then? He's lost
faith in religion
and science. How about
agriculture? No.
No, I understand
how it is, you know.
After a while, you just have to face
facts and just get used to it, you know.
No man is
an island, a rock of
a hard place. I think you might
get Minerva's curse if you ever stare
the facts straight in the face and you turn to stone
like the Gorgons or the Gnorgen.
Jazz is a man of stone.
I know he's quite...
He is a rock, a hard
rock. And I was a
man of water, but the water
has turned to stone.
Now you're just a stoner man, and you've
always been a stoner man. The rock
is not as hard as you think. It's more...
I don't know. It's like when your
water has trans-morphosized.
When your glands ooze out of your neck or
someplace, they have to be put back.
And so solid.
Well, sometimes it just becomes a
vapor. It was then, plus
that blind date with Medusa
didn't help.
If only it had been... If only he had
been blind for the blind date with
Medusa. Well, then he would have been Homer's
buddy there. What's his name? With the
one... Oh, the guy
with the one eye. The Sodclops.
Yes. Since we're
into Greek myths.
Or something. No.
Mythology, I guess. No, we're in...
in the Vale of Woe.
Well, not really woe.
Of resignation. Well, woe
spelled W-H-O-H.
You know? The valley...
Whoa! No, not again.
Whoa.
It's a valley that's hard to
climb out, especially if you don't have the right
shoes. You know what I'm saying?
The right foot gear
can get us out of here. Well, if you've got a
ball and chain holding you down,
it's pretty hard to climb out of there.
What have you got?
One of them Orange County jail uniforms
and you've got your hand cuffed to your foot.
That's better than a
ball and chain, isn't it? Well, and you know,
when somebody's all depressed and
or facing facts, as the
case may be, depending...
What's the problem with just digging into
some blues and getting in touch with where
it's coming from, for real?
Oh, I was just going from what you said earlier.
I'm just digging in. I'm just getting in touch with
the roots, man. He didn't say he was
bitter, Stan. He just said he was
afraid for his molecules, like many people
are nowadays. I'm not afraid for my molecules.
What the hell can I do about my molecules?
He's letting them do their own thing.
Well, it doesn't matter what I care about my molecules.
What do my molecules care about me?
Well, I think your
follicles care, and I think
probably your dendrites
are deeply concerned.
The DNA molecule drives
everything that we do, and
we are powerless to stop it.
It will do anything to
keep us alive.


It will keep itself replicating.
Have you heard of the new DNA they found?
It completely replicates
human DNA, but it's like
a bacterium.
Hello? Hello.
Hello.
Your forehead is leaking
strange blue fluids.
Hello? Hello.
His forehead's making kind of a cool buzz.
Well, I think that's the cabinet it was built into.
Hello?
He won't speak. He keeps vibrating.
Hello? Hello.
Hello? Hello?
Are you a monster there?
I can make it worse if I turn my radio on.
Whoa.
Oh, man. Don't take that pill.
Greetings, Reverend Funny Name.
Good to hear from you.
I hope you don't mind if I make my reply
in part during my
afternoon constitutional.
Congratulations, and well
done for buying a
gift membership to
the Church of the Subgenius for your
friend. Glad to hear it. Welcome.
And
your good taste will
pay off come X day.
Your friend asked
you, and you asked me, for
some advice for a new subgenius,
and I can
reply readily
in two parts.
First,
be miserable.
Be as miserable as
you know how to be.
Study miserable people
and do what they do.
And if you know people who are not at the moment
miserable,
avoid them and definitely
don't do what they do.
If you are miserable,
be more miserable.
That is my first piece of advice
for a new subgenius.
My second bit of advice
for a new subgenius is
don't only be
miserable.
And the reason is, we already
have a member in longstanding
who is miserable
all the time.
And your friend
is not that
member.
No, the role of
constantly miserable subgenius
has been filled,
and skillfully so.
Therefore,
that role
is occupied.
A new niche must be
discovered
for your friend,
and for yourself,
and for me, and for all of us.
We must find a way to
not be only miserable
all the time.
And so that second
piece of advice
in sum total is
be miserable
sometimes.
And other times
find some other way to be.
Perhaps filled with rage.
Perhaps in love.
Perhaps indifferent.
Happy sometimes.
Bored sometimes.
Asleep sometimes.
Enjoying the company of friends.
Or taking an afternoon
constitutional.
Many paths are available
to self-same
members of the church of the subgenius.
I thank you.
Let there be slack.
Thank you.
Thank you, Uncle Dr. Onan Canabite.
So uplifting
from such an unexpected angle.
Subgeniuses,
have you checked out
Dobbs.town on the internet?
It's a newish
and non-Facebook forum
that's being used by
some of the best subgeniuses.
The hundred million new ones
that I don't know.
But now, Sheridan muses.
With Lemurian in-betweens.
In my time,
I filled out a lot of job applications.
One thing that puzzles me
is not when they ask
for your present address.
It's the next line
where they ask for your permanent address.
Permanent is so final
and unrealistic
in any economy.
There's dwelling options.
There are landlords and evictions.
Buildings have burned down.
Entire cities
washed down the drain of too bad.
Sorry for your loss.
Here's money.
But really,
how would your parents feel
if at age 16,
you inked their house in
as your permanent address?
So I finally snapped.
Today, I put down the only logical answer.
Technology be damned.
Today, under permanent address,
I wrote,
I will ask Jesus to help me
to keep my heart from sin.
After reflecting his goodness
and all we shine for him.
A sunbeam, a sunbeam.
Jesus wants me for a sunbeam.
I'm a sunbeam.







A sunbeam, a sunbeam.
I'll be a sunbeam for him.
But I don't know what to do.
I'm not sure I'm a sunbeam.





Any one be positive
that you're not worried about
being mistaken?
Man, that's a technical problem,

is more greetable than do open
your eyes and

that happens to you

That actually.
Whatever it is,
let it be.
Every single being
This is PR. The U.S. military has been seriously injured in a car crash in Las Vegas.
President Trump addresses Nevada's PR news.
We're going to talk to you about the most urgent thing that is on our mind and what we suspect is
the most urgent thing on the minds of those who will connect with us. We'll title this tape.
Now, the reason this is such an interesting tape is, well, what's this tape? This is such a doomsday
statement tape, and that's absurd. Well, now, we're on the end of the absurd doomsday. What's this?
What's all this? What's all this? Well, we suspect that that's pretty major. Well, we speak of
human ways only because we suspect this is the end of human ignorance of how we would speak of
human behavior. Absurd, absurd. Well, we speak of this world just on the tail end of that
window, if I can speak of it that way.
Well, we suspect that that's the end of human behavior. Well, we suspect that that's the end of human behavior.
Abnormal.
Abnormal.
Abnormal.
Abnormal.
Octopus salad and pink cocaine
Hamburgers, pudding and black champagne
Tempest arises and the walls melt away
Floating green iron or milky gray
Well, okay, I had a nasty twist for ten thousand days
I've been wrapping my head around a tangled maze
It's raining holy hell down on my big old brain
And there's too many numbers to keep track
Of the names and it's mildly mercury
And retrograde, cause I've been yapping all day
But ain't got much to say
La la la la la la la la
We gon' play it
Just tell me which molecule make the ring get paid
Which molecule make the ring get paid
Which molecule make the ring get paid
Look, it's buried in any cell






I'mreceived collective badge, love too cheese enormous Remember that
They seek the gift of better living
They seek the gift of better living
They seek the gift of better living
They seek the gift of better living
Like I am, you feel all your internal organs being massaged with vibrations from this
Better living through confirmation bias
Is the name of the algorithm
And cult of Zier is the artist
A whole new album from Reverend Moog of Portland
I bought that album online from cult of Zier
Spelled Z-I-R
And I got a cult coffee mug along with the download
See, our refrigerator is decorated largely with his startling subgenius fridge magnet art
And I got a cult coffee mug along with the download
And cult of Zier performed at our Portland revival
Back a long time ago before the nightly battles started out there
If there were more revivals there
Maybe there wouldn't be so much strife
Anyway, here's another short story
From Sheridan of Cleveland
Firebee doesn't need anything
Firebee doesn't need anything
If her dad doesn't show up in good enough time to change the lightbulb in her penthouse apartment
She'll settle for a special 1 3rd scale Nordstrom scented candle
Beyond that, she's happy dancing around naked in her cutaway half house
Trying on clothes
Near sighted Barbie can only see the glow of the sun in her penthouse apartment


alarms
Aünkin
Aünkin has got to swing across pale green
Aünkin goes right‑to where the stars are
And our kid wins
Aünkin absolutely wins
Aünkin sticks sawing and enjoying the light as soon as部 palette closes
Shooting now

We try on our contradictor
We try on our spectacles
is the best to be found and surely he must, must meet this beautiful, flawless, lustful thing.
He watches as she pulls out her brush before the mirror.
One, ten, fifty, ninety-nine, one hundred strokes across those beautiful locks of golden synthetic strands.
She stands after one last hair flip and turns out the light for bed.
In that fleeting glimpse before the darkness, he sees that she is perfectly clean-shaven.
A gnat lands on the lens of this harbor freight telescope, free flashlight with any purchase,
and he kills it with one puff of his bad breath.
He tries to time her daily morning departure.
It is as inconsistent as his own slacker schedule.
Without using the lens, he cannot read which uptown RTA stacker buck picks her up.
Where does she go?
Probably shopping for more accessories, he would have to guess.
One day, he sidles up to the curb and engages her in his bright red convertible,
top-down, top-not included in the package, all other accessories, including steering wheel, sold separately.
She looks down her impossibly perfect chiseled pointed nose.
I mean, really, have you ever seen a nose like that anywhere?
People, it's a nose.
It just can't be done.
But that Jackson fella sure did try, and look how that turned out.
She looks at him, long and hard, almost as if she could see right through his plastic shell.
You think I'm a hooker, honey?
She yells, loud enough that it catches the attention of the police officer standing nearby.
I'm not a hooker, honey.
News for you, bitch.
I just dressed like one.
Tires squeal as he speeds away, and he wonders if it was the gas stench from topping off at the last fill-up.
Barbie casually wanders off and searches for her next fix from someone not so shallow.
So I'm sure we're all supposed to speak about what I'd been in any different way for a pretty long time.

Measure them, rendezvous with цел backup.

AiE satisfied or not?
Un hallucinate, then go and break up.
You just can't hold out, more like get it back.
ден

Shackled.
Disappointed
This is getting план's note, so go and Google me.

어지acue!
Disinformation, you're with the brain punch, so why'd you leave the ending news?
It's all the same, just the names of their chains.
You, scripted and staged for your entertainment.
Disinformation, it's a friendly tie with a suited guy.
Radiating bodily knowledge, ruminating stories of human interest.
Univated, crispy carnage, so what a bummer dog, he won't get to fall for disinformation.
Oh, you bastards, Peter Jennings, damn fucking brother.
I hate you all, I wish you all would shut up, get off my TV, I hate you.
Disinformation!
The song disinformation from the mystery band called Thunk!
Exclamation point.
I hope there's not more than one cuss word in that song, because my hearing aids let me catch only one.
Basically, friends, I have to struggle to hear lyrics.
Folks who send audio to us should also include lyrics, text if possible.
I seriously can barely hear.
And yet, now this.
From PR News in Washington, I'm the wife of the Prime Minister.
President Donald Trump is holding and speaking.
The Dow's 99-24-458-6017.
President Donald Trump claimed at least one life.
President Donald Trump caused widespread damage throughout the region.
President Donald Trump had to be rescued from as many as 30 hundred.
homes. Well, the U.S. House is set to vote this afternoon on a pair of PR news.
Substances, that's what we need here. Let me out. I'm not dead. Let me out.
Isn't this music about evolution or something? This is the first scene follows this amoeba for
about 4,000 million years. That's the first movement. We see the scene. And the amoeba
splits in half and eats itself. And it never evolves because it eats itself and splits in half,
eats itself and splits in half. He becomes larger and gives birth to many more children,
shown in this diagram here. Until lightning strikes nearby. And then there's monkeys
swinging from trees. As soon as the lightning clears, the smoke clears. And there is the force
of Zeus as the lightning bearer, stretching each one of those monkeys down.
Then as soon as the rain dries up, the trees die away, like within two hours.
So the monkeys don't have as many trees to swing around in. And they have to jump down to the
ground and run from one group of trees to the other. And they found that, you know, after a
while, they stood up. They could run faster if they stood up, not on all fours. And right about
that time, their heads started getting bigger. And I am lonely and I shall create me man from
mud of the earth. And he shall slay all these nearly evolved other primates. And so God rose up,
the first completely created, unevolved homo sapiens. And now for a limited time only, you can
own in your very own home this unlimited collection of man's original homo sapien. And that was exactly
2,714 years ago that happened.
Yep.
Beijing.
And then God played.
He placed all the fossils.
And many varieties of homo sapiens.
To test the faith of the scientists and the geologists.
Yes.
That is what is the crux of everything in reality is testing science.
If you're out in the African desert somewhere and you find a skull, it was planted there by God just a few thousand years ago.
So you could lick it.
It's right next to where Lucy was.
Well, we're walking around the savannah, right?
You go down a few feet deeper than Lucy even.
And you see the skull, man. He's like, what the hell?
And there's another.
You know, it could be billions of years old, right?
Yeah.
Well, there were cavemen and dinosaurs running around back then.
But the great deluge came and smashed a lot of them.
Suck on the eye socket, you know?
Was that when Noah?
Yeah.
When Noah managed.
But see, the dinosaurs were too big.
And that's why they didn't survive.
And the Australopithecines and the Andorhans, Paleoanthropocas and so forth were all too smelly.
That was their only defense.
And so Noah and his family.
Actually, Noah's wife didn't let them off.
There's no account.
No suitcase.
He was going to let the other erect humanoid primates off.
Them three brothers just shouted they were going to erect human eggs from primates by taking two of each kind.
And why did these other ones, these non-godly primates, why did they bury their dead ceremoniously?
Like Neanderthals buried their dead ceremoniously in some of the other...
They were Satanists.
Yes.
Neutral primates.
They were burying them to the wrong god.
Yes, the neutral primates are all Satanists.
So they were also lost in the great flood.
But many of them had not learned the correct prayers.
So as their prayers are uttered throughout the woods and picked up thousands of years from the sound of the...
The Grand Canyon was cut 2303 years ago.
The Grand Canyon was cut down?
That's right.
De-neuded? Deforested? Deforested?
Actually, it was, what was it? 4600...
Oh, you mean when it split its swath through the gland.
The fundament was created 4,000 years ago.
The mighty girdle of the Colorado which spans...
Now that's taught in Sunday.
Some schools.
And in some it's just loose.
Some's taught, some's loose.
Well, how come...
They give, you know...
How come there's no mention of the Americas in the Bible?
It's a touchy-feely thing, Chaz. We don't wanna...
Oh, that's the true... That's where the true Israel migrated to, don't you see?
Have you not read your Identity Christianity textbook?
Yes, sir.
Which would tell you that when...
Yay, the tribe of Israel moved into the Northland where was Gog and Magog.
But see, this is actually...
If you see the true interpretation of the Gnostic clubhouse,
you would see that this actually means the British Isles.
There he is.
Wow.
The picture of Der Fuhrer, he's so cute.
The ones masquerading as God's chosen people are of course merely the Khazar, Asiatic,
Yeti-like humanoids.
That's actually kind of part of the teaching of some identity Christianity.
Identity Christianity things, which is such a silly superstition compared to identity subgenius.
They have...
Where we know that the...
Let's... We can speak seriously.
True chosen ones...
Those people of who you speak...
Are those who have sent their $30 to J.R.R.
...have regurgitated a religion, a substantially sick religion,
which existed in the 1840s based on white supremacy and other forms of insanity,
and also filtered through their Lucifer-like Nazism.
Oh, actually, everybody ripped off the Zoroastrians.
Oh, you can go to any old bookstore and there's some crack who says that
the true Israelites are guys who look just like me and who like bland food and can't dance.
That's the substance of their religion, that God was one of them.
Gots mit tans!
Remember that old phrase, gots mit tans?
All I know is that they're right...
That was the Nazis, I should say.
We are in some...
...gottes mit tans.
Deep doopoo.
Deep deep.
We are in some...
Deep Dobbs hairdo, my friends.
If the Southern Baptists, if the identity Christians are right...
Or for that matter, friends, if any rival cult is right, most of us are doomed.
But if the Church of the Subgenius is right, most of you are doomed.
And most of us are...
...saved, saved, saved.
Yeah, if you follow our subject, you're saved.
You're saved.
Yeah, but we're still going to be saved.

...derminated by your own silly machinations.
Utopia after utopia for a thousand lifetimes.
...saving of silly machinations.
Check out a beautiful backseat on this Jesus Chrysler mobile.
To come.
And...
And also some of the expensive furniture in the very front, which is a digital replay
of everything that previously happened.
Come on, to Bob and Connie.
Oh Lord, you'll be loving it all on the way to paradise.
To come.
Just as you are.
Step on up.
Step on up.
Make me step on up.
Stand on my foot so I get the hang of this.




And Bob said unto the masses,
Step right up and form here.
Gaze unto this so awesome oleum serpentum, oil of the great snake.
Ah, snake oil.
Snake oil.
In a dream, Jesus the Lord, the Lord came to me and said,
I have been walking with you.
Here's your path.
And he showed me the path of my life.
And all along the way, there was two sets of footprints.
But every now and then, there was only one set of footprints.
And I turned to the Lord and I said,
Lord, what's going on there?
You want me to do it like Scabby?
Yeah.
And what did he say, brother?
What's going on there?
Jesus, come here.
And what did Jesus say to you now?
And there's only one set of footprints here and here.
And who's the worst?
In the times of my life, there was only one set of footprints.
And the Lord said, well, son, that's when I abandoned you.
Couldn't take your misery.
You're a pathetic loser at those times.
I couldn't stand looking at you.
Thank you for that wonderful interpretation of the usual retreat.
But I realize it's good to be a loser.
It's good to be an idiot.
It's better to be an idiot.
Then you don't know what's wrong with you.
You are forgiven.
You are forgiven, my son.
I thought you were going to end that with,
well, Scabby, that's when I was humping you on the neck.
God so loved the idiot and the drunkard that he protected him in the car wreck.
That would have been much better.
I should have gave it to you.
Jumped on your back and humped him.
The hardworking house mom was instead taken by the angels.
Come on down.
Your clam cakes, they're alive.
For God loves drunks and protects them and lets hardworking moms fall by the wayside.
And his great vengeance.
What is that?
Chaz?
Chaz?
Could you help me?
I think Rogers died.
And he was.
And he was died.
He's gone.
The stark fist of removal is real, my friends, and it hovers over each and every one of us.
And that's when you tied your shoe boots today.
For the very...
You don't tie them tonight.
Will the Undertaker be untying them shoes tonight, friend?
Are you ready?
Have you made peace with your god or goddess or thing or totem pole, whatever it may be?
I'm afraid that Jolly Roger is really flying the skull and crossbones this sad afternoon.
Your guardian angel or your guardian demon or your little guardian alien gray or your lucky rabbit's foot.
Or your winning lottery number or your special anti-baldness formula.
That inorganic penis licker, that's one demerit.
Your ear candling equipment.
Your auto jack.
Your...
The frozen peace pipe and eye remover, that's two demerits.
Your hobby, your addiction, your crutch.
Your elation upon riding into the little train tube.
That's 60 merits.
Face it.
You're hooked.
Kick that crutch away, my friend.
Become yourself the crutch of Bob Dobbs.
Let Bob lean on you.
I see the light.
And you'll walk again.
Kick that crutch away and walk.
I...
Walk and let Bob limp on you.
But I...
I never could walk.
Throw yourself into that pipe and light yourself up.
Yes, friends.
Light yourself up.
Not that naked woman on the hill, Chris,
screaming incoherently, driving a Porsche.
No, not that cheesy cab driver with the Iranian accent.
All of you, yes, all of you,
there is a cause for disturbance.
Each and every one of you is entreated to become one
with a new type of human being.
A new species of man.
A new kind.
A big blue onion in the sea.
An overman.
An uberwoman.
The frozen overwoman.
A great woman.
Hairy and muscular uberwoman.
Oh, dear.
I don't think of your appearance now.
You die.
No.
We rejoin the evolution of mankind back on the savannah
as three more lightning boats have zapped five more families
of small monkey-like semi-human beings.
They've just returned from a bowling alley
and Grandpa's taken a nap.
But things aren't going to be much...
I am your descendant.
And I, your descendator.
Listen to us very carefully, if you can listen at all.
We know that you're ill.
But I don't think we have enough sleep.
I look like sleepwalking here on hell.
I only need to have food and to drink.
There are about 600 of these littleforce you have onio...
NOPE.
So why'd you record the concerned species


Because they're not gonna make their lives any simpler.
some other alternate
further on in the universe.
One day there will be a last
perfect day on Earth
and then the sun will start
to shrink and they repulse
and shrink a little bit and then it'll
expand out
consuming Mercury, Venus
and Earth
inside of itself.
Eventually
after that the sun will slowly
use up the
hydrogen's gone, now it's just the helium
burning slowly that gets used up
and it becomes a white
dwarf
only about the size of the Earth
and then it becomes a brown
dwarf colder yet
than just a little
orb of black
schmuck in space.
Black dwarf.
Of course if the sun was
a lot bigger it would turn into a black hole though.
Hey man, you don't know
where I could get some of that
neutron matter?
Dwarf neutron matter.
Oh yeah man, you want neutron matter?
A teaspoon full of it would weigh as much as a mountain.
Let's sing this song.
Shall we sing this song?
As much as 19 Earths.
Come on guys, let's sing this song.
An atom of it would weigh as much as a mountain.
A teaspoon of neutron matter makes the medicine
go down. Come on, let's sing it now.
A teaspoon of neutron matter
makes the medicine
go down.

I'd like to take another shower this year,
but my friend in his wisdom,
knowing I'm an alcoholic,
bought me a new shower curtain
that looks like a close up
of a frog's mouth.
I'll take another shower,

a glassy cold beer.
I will finish my beer,
rinse the glass,
head towards the shower,
and suddenly be parched,
and I will drink another beer.
Wash the glass,
approach the shower,
become dry and raspy,
down another beer.
Hose the glass,
stand before the shower, thirsty.
Suck a few more beers in, rinse and repeat.
Currently, my glass is cleaner than I am,
and I forgot why I'm standing in the bathroom.
So I just take a piss
and have another beer.
Thank you ESO Swamp Radio from WCSB Cleveland
and then Sheridan.
Also from Cleveland.
Heck, I guess I was from Cleveland for almost 20 years,
and I still kind of am.
Even though it's now.
Subgenius at
Post Office Box 807
Glen Rose, Texas
76043
Subgenius.com
Subgenius.com
Subgenius.com
Our books are actually much better than our shows,
Our books are actually much better than our shows,
but then, you know,
this isn't the only Subgenius show,
and not even the oldest.
See Subgenius.com
See Subgenius.com radio puller.
See Subgenius.com

I say thanks too
to Apple,
for maybe
ending this show
with
the

AFRICAN
Bob pokes me in the eye with love.
Think about it.
Who is the last guy to say to you these words?
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.
Who?
I say, don't trade Bob for eagle stamps.
Bob pokes me in the eye with love.
Who?
Bob pokes me in the eye with love.
Take a rubber chicken to lunch.
Fake your orgasms two in a row.
I say, the ultra-bizarre is a belch of the mind.
I'll choke daily.
Bob pokes me in the eye with love.
The moonies are groovy, but Bob...
Bob.
It's Bob.
Bob pokes me in the eye with love.
Eat your spinach, baby.
Eat your spinach, baby.
Eat your spinach, baby.
Bob pokes me in the eye with love.
Take a rubber chicken to lunch.
Fake your orgasms two in a row.
The moonies are groovy, but Bob...
Bob.

Is Bob.
Is Bob.
Bob.
Bob pokes me in the eye with love.
Bob pokes me in the eye with love.
Bob.








Bob.
Bob.
Bob.


Bob.
Bob.
Bob.

Bob.
Eat your spinach, baby.
Eat your spinach, baby.
