Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack, sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of...
Ah, yes, dear friends, there we go. That's the background music I wanted, whatever the heck it is.
Ah.
And, uh, yes, it's a show with Dave again, but we have to call Dave.
We have to call Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And find the Dave-man inside the Dave.
The Dave.
Oh, great. Way to go, Dave.
Well, we'll try that home number and hope he's not buzzing.
Wish you had a Dave.
I think we got a wrong number.
You got a wrong number.
No, no, no, it's all right.
We got a wrong number.
Can I have a wrong number?
I got, they...
Ah, yeah, the Chinese people just left and they came back again.
Don't worry about them, they're all hot and sold, so to speak.
We got the money to cover what they want to do.
Well, lucky them.
We got the money back.
Well...
I think it has to do with cartographing and flyballing, uh, various moon flights.
Like, you can book a moon flight for a fun, you know, your bachelorette party.
You can do that now.
Yeah.
You can have your bachelorette party on a trip to the moon.
If you have enough scratch.
But what about the flyballing?
Well, I think that's the only incentive you want, promise.
Promise.
You need binoculars to flyball just right.
I mean, that's...
You need a binoculars and a telescope and a telescope and a great big...
Bob with big red straps.
Yeah.
That's what you need to flyball, baby.
Sounds like a hanging epiglottis or something.
Actually, you need a tiny, tiny little Bob with little red straps.
Well, Dave, how's...
How the heck are you, man?
How are you and your swinging epiglottis?
Who are you talking to?
Are you talking to a tiny little Bob head?
No.
Are you talking to me?
We're talking to you.
Are you talking to me?
You.
You and your swinging epiglottis.
There's no one else here.
I'm sorry.
Wasn't that a great Robert De Niro?
That was really cool.
That was like some passion.
Terrible.
It was awful.
Awful.
Don't quit your day job.
Who says I got a gay job?
I'm mighty proud to be a bachelorette organizer party person.











I make quite a few mandrills every couple of week of phones.
There's nothing wrong with that.
That's cool.
We're cool with that.
Yeah.
Sure.
You're cool with everything, man.
Yeah.
Do your own thing.
Yeah.
I'm up for any program.
I don't know if it's not any program.
Most programs, any program.
Well, you're going to have to...
Most pogroms.
Yeah.
Most pogroms.
Yeah.
Spanish pogroms.





Most pogroms.
Pogrom mashup.
You silly.
Well, old Dave, how's life going for you there in Ashtabulee Trump land?
Ah, it's bittersweet, my friend.
I've often thought of calling you and to tell you of the travails I've suffered here in
this God-forsaken southern land.
Suddenly, I've come to this place.




I feel better just knowing there's someone to beat the trumpet with and spank up the sparkly phone.
Well, spank it up.
Well, get on with it then.
Spank it.

Spank it, dude.
Okay.
I start with one first very important thing, okay?
Okay.
I start with, no, no, forget that.
I got a better idea.
No, let it flow, man.
Let it flow.
Oh, okay, okay.
I see like this big, big, big animal, and it have three sharp teeth on its face to buy you or to commercially orient you and sell you a new property in the zone.
Ah.
Ah.
A selling animal.
Yes.
With three teeth.
Yes.
Three rodent-like teeth.
Yes.
I love listening to conversation between two deaf people now that I'm no longer deaf.
I'm the only one that can tell that you're talking about three completely different things, and there's only two of you doing it.
It's astounding.
That's a special skill we have.
There's some things I don't know, but if I don't already know about it, then it isn't cool enough for me to have known about in the first place.
Well, maybe it's because you had perforated our ear balls for so long.
You invented and created an own likewise world of your own on a parallel symphonic part, you know, thing there.
Yeah.
Yeah, the world.
I learn about it.
I learn about it from my friends.
And we got a letter from a friend who's a pharmacist.
He's a subgenius minister who also is a pharmacist, Reverend Middleton.
He's also a really good cartoonist.
But.
That's not his day job.
But I wanted to tell you a funny story of the conspiracy world of medicine, Dave, that I think you might be able to appreciate.
Oh, heck.
Hell yeah.
Sure.
Yeah.
Yeah, this is notes from the cornered druggist.
And this month of the year the conspiracy calls 2017, he said that yesterday he received an order from a dentist's office for a product called Zip.
Zerese.
I guess that's how it's pronounced or Xerese or something.
I'll call it Zerese.
Something we never stocked in a product that was listed as available from my wholesaler for the princely sum of $1,085.
This warranted further.
Yeah.
Yeah.
One little tube.
I think it turns out that this five gram tube of an ointment contains a combination of 5% a cycle of ear and 1% of a tube.















Hydrocortisone, a cycle of ear, a long generic antiviral treatment for herpes comes in capsules of 200 milligrams for about 10 cents each.
And hydrocortisone has been available as an over the counter product at the dollar store for well, a dollar.
Five grams of Zerese contains 250 milligrams of a cycle of ear.
Uh,
5% concentration.
And five.
Grams.
And 100 grams.
And whatever.
And 250 grams.
And whatever.
This means that Valiant, the makers of Zerese, is taking raw materials that cost at most a dollar ten and charging $1,085 for the product wholesale.
Yes.
I'm.
Yes, I.
I'm here on the home.
I thought you might know about that.
So you may wonder why I, the pharmacist, don't just make this project by scratching together the ingredients, investing about five minutes of mix and
label time and pass it on to the patient at a huge savings.
The answer is this.
I'm forbidden to do so by federal law.
The FDA has given the license to this combination of Valiant of Canada.
And for me to create the combination is to violate the directives of the FDA.
But you may recognize the name Valiant, by the way, one of the more recent one of the recent collection of pharmaceutical gougers under its ex CEO, Jay.
Michael Pearson and morally aligned with the rap loving smirk fest embodied by Martin Screlly and entrepreneur who is currently either in prison or scamming widows and orphans out of their homes with phony mortgages.
However, I can get a prescription for a a cycle of your capsules from that dentist.
See that the patient charges no more than $5.
Then instruct the patient to get a $1.20.
Tube of hydrocortisone ointment from my shelf.
And then by demonstration, show the patient how to mix the two products, put the combination in a one ounce oatmeal jar and possess not five grams, but 30 grams of handmade quotes.
A Reese unquote with a wholesale value of over $6,000.
To put it in context, series cost $217 a gram gold.
As of.
Third of March.

2017 cost $39 a gram.
Yeah, I'm quite familiar.
I'm actually familiar with this on a personal level because I can't remember what it was that I had.
But I talked to my buddy who whose brother was a pharmacist and who's real radical pharmacist and likes to rail on on the Internet about how big pharma is screwing everybody.
And one of the ingredients was hydrocortisone.
But in the mixture that.
He.
Explained to me there were three things, but they could all be found at the local dollar store.
Right.
And I think it was like a $700 markup for whatever product.
And it was either.
It could have been the same guy who told him.
Well, maybe not.
But somebody told him, look, you just go to the store and get hydrocortisone, white vinegar and whatever, you know, and you've got the stuff.
He makes it three to one this and anybody can do it.
They've got your link.
I can't.
You did irritate the hell out of me when you told me that because I just I think they're very nasty people.
They really are.
The cost of the cost of MRIs is like about thirteen hundred times higher in the United States than it is around the rest of the world.
And they ask them people.
Well, how come America charged something?
And they all said, we don't know.
All our MRI devices were all from the United States.
Right.
Well, you know, I've been lately having such a great time out here at Stang Ranch and partying around and being feted by the fetid or something like that.
And that I almost feel guilty for having so much slack, although I don't because that would infringe on my slack.
But.
But at the same time, I haven't got the bill yet for that little heart attack that killed me.
I mean, that I that minor little nothing that I recovered from so easily.
Anyway, I got one bill.
Actually, it was for the the first stop at the hospital where they didn't have a working heart attack fixing machine or the doctor.
It was.
It was a little down.
They charged me 13.
They charged somebody 13,000 bucks.
I'm going to have to pay a couple of grand out of that.
Now, I got a bill from the helicopter company for 40,000 dollars.
I don't know how much of that I'm expected to pay, but I also got an ad for helicopter ride insurance.
So if you only pay 25 bucks a month and next time you have a heart attack, you have to be helicopter.
You don't get charged anything.
So it's so it's so easy.
That's real.
Yeah, that's real.
And what I haven't got yet is is the the bill for saving my miserable life at the actual main hospital where they did have the heart attack fixing machine and the doctor and the pills.
Actually, they gave me a shot of morphine before they flew me to Fort Worth and a helicopter, Dave.
I'd never done anything like that.
It was so.
Interesting.
It didn't make me when it made me high.
It made me interested in everything.
I wasn't scared I was going to have a heart attack.
I was interested.
Yeah, I felt a similar way.
Yeah, they charged me one thousand dollars for that shot of or they charged the insurance company a thousand bucks for that shot of morphine.
I bet I could get a little cheaper on the street.
Yeah, but it wasn't available to me right at that time.
And, you know, it might be stepped on.
When you're having a heart attack, you want only the best.
Sure.
But, you know, obviously, the very late, if she keeps the feet, the gimmick is on it.
Let's face it.
When I get the final bill, I have another heart attack.
It's a win win situation for all the heart attack doctors and the helicopter pilots because I still don't have that helicopter insurance.
Yeah.
And now, you know why?
I'm a social.
I'm a socialized medicine creep.
When I was playing in the band in London and my son came over and my wife came over and we were living in this place that had a pantry in it.
And, you know, they like it's like a half basement.
It goes down low.
So they saved a bunch of bills on refrigeration.
They can put milk in there for a long time.
So he's running back and forth, back and forth, like all crazy children and stuff like that.
And he gets a huge concussion.
All we've got to do is get to the hospital.
And they take care.
And that's what happened to the hardest thing was trying to find.
Yeah.
Well, that's socialized medicine, Dave.
That's what most of the civilized countries do.
I don't see what they had to complain about.
They still had all the cool cars in the parking lot.
Right.
Exactly.
Who was a doctor and who was just, you know.
But do the insurance bosses in England have cool cars like that?
That's the question.
I would say that.
The pharmacy, you know, CEO.

I don't know.
I don't know.

What are you going to do?
Move to England?
On the other hand.
Go to Canada or Cuba because they both start with the K sound.
Which means Canada, Cuba.
And communists, they all start with a C.
And conspiracy.
You know what, though?
The great musician, Reverend Joe Newman of the Rudy Schwartz Project, he used to live here in Texas.
But he.
He.
He.
He moved to Canada for his health and lived because he.
Actually, it wasn't him.
I think it was his wife that lived because they were in Canada instead of Texas.
Yeah.
You know, I guess he wouldn't get the $40,000 helicopter bill.
They'd just take him on the helicopter and charge some rich man.
Like the government.
That rich guy named the government.
The invisible hand guy.
Yeah, that guy.
That jerk.
I hate that invisible hand guy.
The deep.
The deep.
Yeah.
That's what they say when they're pallbearers at everyone's similar funeral that they're having in Chinatown tonight.
With all the gongs and the wacky wheels and the childish motors.
They're much too grand for the rest of the restaurateurs.
Two years.
It gets pretty deep and dark out there.
Here, I'll tell you.
Yes, sir.
I think so.
No, no.
I take all that back.
That doesn't make no sense.
What?
I can't believe I heard Dave just say that.
He's taking it backwards.
What are them to say?
It's all going backwards.
He took it back.
Yeah, Dave.
So, but we're safe, right?
We can talk about it by John, too.
Well.
Well, the oil republic and Mr. Trump was involved with a bunch of shady deals in Azerbaijan,
which was a former part of the former Soviet Union, formerly known as Bruns.
Oh, he's involved with shady stuff all over the place.
It's just one would think it's just a matter of time.
I had such fun reading headlines today.
Listeners, here's some time control.
In our time when we're doing this, it's Sunday, March 26th, I think.
Yeah, Sunday, March 26th.
It's my birthday after my brother's birthday.
The headlines this morning.
Happy birthday, Wee.
My brother's birthday.
The headlines this morning were fun headlines to read because they were gloating.
Trump and Ryan insure Dem Congress in 2018.
That was my favorite one.
You know, Trump, Trump, number one loser, you know, stuff like that.
It was a dog pile.
It was so unfair.
It was so unfair.
It hurt the feelings of the...
It made the little snowflakes cry.
The little snowflakes in the tea party.
No, no, the tea party people.
You know, the Trumpies, the Trumpanzis, the Trumpangatangs.
They were...
Those poor little snowflakes were oppressed by the fact that their own representatives
couldn't agree on anything whatsoever.
And it hurts their feelings.
It hurts their feelings when the libtards laugh at them.
They didn't like being portrayed as a train wreck.
Huh?
They didn't like being portrayed as a train wreck.
Well, nobody likes to have mean things said.
But bullies, bullies especially object to being bullied.
Nobody, nobody deserves to be bullied, at least of all bullies.
It's just unfair.
And so sad to see those poor...
I know.
Those poor conservatives get...
So upset and angry.
And they're just so fretful.
And they're bitter.
And they're going to hurt themselves.
They're going to all have heart attacks.
Those poor little snowflakes.
They're just crying and weeping.
The girls are picking on them.
The gay people, the sissies are all picking on them.
For some of them, gay people ain't sissies.
You asked Jayner about that.
Yep.
I was in a real world situation one time.
And it happened to be the death.
And the oil industry.
And I was talking to a representative and asking questions about earthquakes,
which I was required to do because that was part of my job and stuff.
And this guy started acting like somebody was picking on his grandma.
Or his little, his four-year-old son or something.
Well, you are an enemy of...
He tried to make me feel guilty like I was picking on big gas and oil.
Yeah, you're an enemy of the people.
One freaking question about earthquakes.
He was like, well, you know, this is a very young science.
Science and industry.
And I don't necessarily know if I like the idea of you...
You know, he was making it sound like...
No, geology is...
...somebody weak.
Geology is one of the oldest sciences and most understood.
And meta-sciences and neo-sciences, too, when you talk about guys like that.
But, Dave, they read on the fake news...
Well, they don't read.
They heard.
They saw on the fake news that you are a reporter and, therefore, an enemy of America.
Of course, the fact is...
The fact that they learned this from reporters is kind of odd.
But they have their own reporters that do their own fake news.
The fake news they want to hear.
There were 90,000 of them during George Bush's days.
Fake reporters, they call them.
But they were actually flak hacks who released stories that were not necessarily true.
No.
And that's an actual fact.
Well, you know...
But it's no more weird than having to pay $3,000 for a...
Bill or $100,000 for a night in the hospital.
Right.
Oh, yeah, but don't remind me.
I haven't gotten the bill for the night in the hospital yet.
Oh, I did.
It was...
I couldn't believe it.
And it was a lot for around here, even.
Not quite as much as you were forced to pay.
Oh, no.
I was flown to the finest private room in Harris Hospital in Fort Worth.
We landed on top of a building.
A who?
And I was carried out.
And a stretcher ahead.
I could see, like, this big circle with a line in between and stuff like that.
And you guys are all ducking.
You're not strapped in at all.
You're running right along with the rest of them.
Shouting to them like a movie of some kind.
The funny thing is, at no point did I ever feel all that bad.
The heart attack hurt.
And it didn't feel right.
But it felt more like terrible indigestion.
Only the fact that it was...
It was affecting my neck and teeth and upper brain.
Made us realize, no, it's a heart attack.
But it took us long enough to figure that out.
And since then, some of my cholesterol wasn't bad.
I'm in real good shape now.
For a 90-year-old man.
So I just don't get it.
Why do I have to go do exercises in a room full of old people?
And they are super old, Dave.
They're even older.
And you!
They're so old!
They have to have walkers when they walk and stuff like that.
Some of them do, yeah.
And they have oxygen.
They smile all the time, even though they're in excruciating pain.
It makes them want to not really live that long.
I mean, I do.
Okay, okay, don't hurt me.
Please don't.
Please don't hurt me.
I want to live forever.
But you know what I mean, don't you?
I'm happy!
I'm alive!
Oh, man.
Well.
Yeah, it can get...
It can get kind of grim.
A certain friend of mine told me that she did her treatise or her thesis or whatever
where you get free when you do a paper for your master's degree on Mussolini
and his march on Rome and stuff like that.
And all of his slogans are being recycled into the Trump cycle.
Like there's make Rome...
Remember the old one of the Italian fascist party?
Let's make Rome great again.
Well, that became let's make America great again.
Yeah, when it should be, let's make Reverend Stang great again.
Or for once.
Let's make him great finally.
Yeah.
Why not?
I'd worship you as some sort of peculiar Iowaf, a diminished police car or something.
You know, it would sound different.
Stang is my lord and master blaster.
Well, you don't have to do that yet.
But...
It would sound different, though.
If you say make America great finally, that has a really different ring to it.
It implies that it hasn't yet been great, but could be.
How about make America great for once?
Yeah, well, that sounds a little better than finally, doesn't it?
You should be an ad copywriter.
You should be in that show Mad Men that I've never seen.
Do you want to hear another really?
Sick one that they're doing?
Sure.
Have you heard of the author Howard Zinn?
Yeah.
He might have just recently...
Well, they're going to ban his books.
They're trying to ban his books, and they're having a constitutional struggle.
Well, I thought alternative news...
In Little Rock, Arkansas.
Oh, well...
They want to ban his books in Little Rock, Arkansas.
The school board wants to make sure the kids don't...
They can't possibly read alternative news.
Howard Zinn and hear about the Shane Whiskey Rebellion or something.
You know, that could be dangerous.
Huh?
Huh?
Well, that is Arkansas.
No offense to my many Arkansanian friends.
They would all agree with me wholeheartedly.
Yeah, Arkansas is the dumbest place in the country.
Except possibly Mississippi, Kansas, Alabama, Texas.
All those southern states and midwestern states and eastern and northern states.
Alaskan and non-contiguous island type states.
They're all so...
They're all stupider than all the other states.
They are.
And they're sterile and hostile, too.
And that's why we have to aboriginate.
De-arib...
Yeah.
We have to get...
Whatever you said.
De-aboriginate.
No.
Wait.
They already did that.
If we don't, what will happen to our children and our forefathers?
They kind of already did de-aboriginate about nine-tenths of the aborigines.
By accident.
Half of them.
Well, I hope enough of them at least show up at the bowling alley.
That we can stop the oil trail going right through the center of the country.
Like Standing Rock and the other...
And you really think that little bitty Lakota team is going to be able to out-bowl the conspiracy of oil runners?
I don't know.
There's people going from all around the country joining the struggle, you know?
Yeah, but it ended.
It's over with.
The conspiracy won.
Oh, sure, man.
Poop on you, man.
Sorry, but the conspiracy won that one.
That's what I meant.
Yeah.
It's a bummer.
Bob's prophecy that it's going to be a bummer, man.
Came true.
Sure did.
Yeah.
He didn't even know about Santar oil either.
Or whatever they call them in New York.
Oh, he probably owned it.
He probably still does.
He just doesn't know it.
Yeah, he probably made a hole.
A ton off of it.
Because, you see, Bob...
Dave...
Bob is like a warm jacuzzi.
Making it warm and fuzzy to be alive.
He protects Yeti gins with pure grimy slack.
And the bubbles go in his rectum, too.
And he arranges the mind to a microcosmos consciousness where you can relax with your own delusions.
Yes.
And be yourself.
And living in symbiosis with slackful nature in the small world of the Yeti.
So you can just get down in the spirit sphere and into his warm surrounding glow.
And be truly alive and free.
To be one with your own spirit.
Alone.
Or something.
Well, I agree wholeheartedly.
If I had a heart and a hole.
And I could agree with either one of the two of them.
I would certainly do it in your honor.
At your behest, senor.
Don senor.
Well, it's not me talking.
I got this long, all over the place kind of rant or essay by Pope Misopan.
Or if that's the way you say it.
Misopan.
Misopan.
I don't know.
Misopan.
Earth, sky, fire, and Bob, it's called.
It's one of those rants where I can pick it up during the hour of slack
and just read three sentences every now and then at random.
Like here's one.
Bob has a way to protect you.
He puts you apart from them because you believe in the Holy Spirit
and they don't understand because they're not praying people,
not religious at all, nothing but slaving fools.
Oh, wait, I thought that was us.
Wait, now I'm mixed up.
Yeah, now you thought you were reading a Christian.
Oh, this guy's nuts.
You can't trust anyone.
You can trust in Bob.
What?
Yeah, you can trust in Bob to get all the slack that was yours in the first place.
That's what preachers do.
He's a preacher.
He's trying to be hard on the other crap, on the other side of the fence.
You know what I mean?
He's just, you know.
Well, this part here is a little better.
Whatever you call it.
Bob allows you to break on through to the other side,
to just be alive, slacked,
and make all the slackless vanish into oblivion.
Oh, really?
Is that?
Well, I'll just make that slackless hospital bill vanish into oblivion.
Yeah.
Oh, no, Bob has to do that for you.
I'll do it that way.
Yeah, I can't.
I don't know.
Well, Mark Mother's boss said it best, says Pope Missopan.
Bob is like an all-consuming sex.
Bob consumes it all and turns it into slackful mojo,
filling the blank for any yeti looking to build a wholly existential scheme.
Live alone in slack, pursuing one's own free nature.
Free to become a divine creature, an animal, all over again.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Even a man who is pure at heart and often farts by night
will turn into a subgenius
when the frop is blooming and the autumn moon is bright.
And the wolf's famous blood.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And the wind is being broken again and again and again.
Yeah.
Where is Maria Ospenskaya when we need her?
She was so old and so beautiful.
Like Nunu.
The kid walks into the crystal ball.
And Lon Chaney looks at his feet and hair getting hairy and stuff like that.
And then a lady with a purple purse walks in
and shoots one of the dragonaires and one of the sound effects people, too.
She had a gun.
That was the Fierstein Theater version of The Wolfman starring Lon Chaney Jr.
Worst actor.
In 50 years.
Yeah, but he knew how to put his hands over his face and grimace.
You know, like, oh my God, the horror.
And he put his hands up to his face.
Everybody can do that.
Yeah.
Actually, he was terrible.
Lon Chaney Jr. was...
Believe it or not, he got an Academy Award or nomination anyway
for playing Lenny of Mice and Men.
But anybody can play Sinfaltimus.
So, you know, again, The Wolfman...
He...
But, hey, still, he was Lon Chaney Jr.
Earnest, forced imitation of Lon Chaney Sr.
Forced by the studios.
He didn't even want to be an actor.
His real name is Creighton Tull Chaney.
And I've got scans of his passport from 1959.
That's cute.
Yeah, it's weird, man.
It's weird.
Why do I have...
Lon Chaney Jr.'s passport.
Why not?
There you go.
Why not both?
Have it and not have it.
Schrodinger's Lon Chaney Jr. passport.
Have it and don't have it.
I also had...
I had Fritz von Erich's baby book for a while,
but let's not go into that.
Let's not.
Fritz von Erich is too deep for anybody to cover in one afternoon.
He's an...
He reminds me of one of those old Prussian archdukes or something like that.
Well, he was.
He's got...
Yeah, but he's got all kinds of fuzzy and financial...
Yeah.
And all kinds of other things associated with his bank account.
Fritz von Erich was...
And his psychics...
His psychological history.
Do you even know who I'm talking about?
Fritz von Erich.
Because you sound remarkably accurate.
Fritz von Erich was a famous wrestler.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, and he had five sons who all committed suicide except for one,
Kevin von Erich.
Oh, yes.
I forgot.
Who hired me and Jesus to do his mail order business for a while
back when I still lived in Dallas.
We did mail order business for the von Erich wrestling clan empire,
which consisted only of Kevin.
The Texas Tornado was dead of a drug overdose.
Two of the other brothers killed themselves,
probably leaving notes,
thanks, Dad,
something like that.
It's all very tragic.
There was even a little boy that died.
He died in that family.
Aw.
Yeah.
It was a cursed family, the von Erichs, I guess,
except for old Kevin.
He seemed to...
He'd been hit in the head so many times.
He couldn't have anything but slack.
We were little.
We were little.
Just think how much we hated Fritz von Erich.
Little did we know.
Well, because he was a German, and Germans were Nazis in the late 1950s.
Well, yeah.
He was supposed to be a villain.
He always was.
His sons later played all-American hero types
and would wrestle guys.
He would wrestle guys in Iraqi masks,
Iranian turbans and stuff, you know.
Oh, jeez.
And now, the Texas Tornado will take on Mustafa, the evil one.
Yeah, that must be nice.
Good Lord, the large.
You can hardly convey it.
It's a form...
It's like madness, like in Wisconsin's Death Trip.
Did you ever read that book?
It was written by a guy.
It was his doctorate's thesis.
He took a small town in Wisconsin,
in the 1890s, just to see what people did,
if they had to make cheese or if they barbecued or anything like that.
And he found out that they were going crazy in successive waves.
People would come wandering out of the woods
and didn't know where they were.
They lynched an African-American barber
who had been, like, one of the pillars of the community,
and they just went nuts one day.
All of a sudden, they were big-time murderous racists
and everything like that.
There were all kinds of murders in it.
I think there were, like, 4,000 people in this one town,
and there were, like, 200 murders in one year.
So Wisconsin's always been like that.
Apparently.
The Florida of the North.
Yeah, upside down, like, kind of a cunnilingus bag,
you could say.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's deep stuff, man.
Just like a deep state of mind-worrying, you know?
Well, what's scary is how fast a nice, friendly, small town,




can suddenly turn around and become a bunch of exiles
on Main Street, like that Twilight Zone
with the Rolling Stones in it,
where your neighbors all turn against each other
just out of pure fear, just because they're scared.
And there's, of course, by the end,
you find out the threat never existed.
The fear was created, as that was the real threat,
was just the fear of fear itself in the Twilight Zone.
Yeah.
And think of all those poor Jews in Germany that thought,
well, how bad can it get?
Our neighbors aren't going to, like, turn us in or imprison us.
Right.
A lot of people voted for him because they thought,
well, the same way that people think of Trump is like,
well, that's just the way he expresses himself.
That's just the way he is.
He's rambunctious or something, you know?
Yeah, just like the rest.
Just like us.
He talks like regular folks.
Ignorant.
Doesn't know a damn thing about what he's talking about.
But goddamn, he sure knows that he's right and everything else is wrong.
No matter what you say.
He's just like the rest of us.
Except that we're not actually all that way.
And we don't walk up and grab people by the country.
Or even talk that way.
Well, not in mixed company.
Not around humans.
It's perpendicular, man.
Humans.
I'm sure it's crisis and so forth.
Yeah, it is perpendicular.
And parallel.
I started seeing those parallels three years ago
when all this stuff started up.
And I tried to warn him.
I tried to warn him.
I'm going to play my last year's Starwood rant in a week or two.
Then we won't have to do a show.
Because I already did that show.
But I think I vaguely remember going,
don't be so sure that everything's going to be normal.
Because sometimes things don't stay normal.
Sometimes they really do change.
Really change.
In ways that people don't even know is going on.
Most of those Germans had no idea what was being done to their Jewish neighbors.
No.
But the ones that did probably didn't say anything or kind of snickered.
Turned a blind eye.
Until they came for them, so to speak.
Right.
Just like, oh, it's my turn to take a ride on the train.
Oh.
When they came for the talking people, I didn't say anything.
Because I was mute.
But then they came for the mute.
I wouldn't call you a mute, Stan.
No, that's a metaphor.
Your internal organs just don't pay attention when they're supposed to.
That's the way a little child is.
It needs sometimes ADHD and symphonic puberty forms.
He called me a child.
I didn't necessarily call you a child.
I called you a young teen.
A whip.
A whippet.
A whelp.
A whippa snapple.
Yeah.
That's, yeah.
I mean, you can advance and die on a foreskin if you'd like to, perhaps.
You know, that makes some sense to you.
If not, join the barbecue.
You're Mr. Austintown.
Mr. Flagrantes Stilektos of the Ubermensioners.
Hey, we're going to cut back to, I'm going to play some more Bob music now.
And now this.
I've got no money, but I've got no Bob.
Stuck to the carpet, he's stuck to the carpet.
I'm going to be a bar.
Wish I was stuck in a big ball of frog
Instead of this church where my socks just rot
I'm a fly baby, I'm a fly baby, I'm a fly baby, I'm a fly baby
I'm a fly baby, I'm a fly baby, I'm a fly baby, I'm a fly baby
I'm a fly baby, I'm a fly baby, I'm a fly baby
So that we'll have variety, you know, unlike usual.
Yes, you need contrast, you need air, you need collapsible vehicles, you need things that, you know,
that actually work if you're going to pay double for the guarantee.
Well, that reminds me of another Bob song about that very thing.
And here's The Pink Boys with Put Your Hands on the Radio.
I'll add the credits later.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Sunday morning, do you feel it?
You heard all over in your movie soul
Well, people, here's something that you should know
Tune us in on the radio now
We got charisma, we got style
Well, people, we'll make you feel better
It took for a while
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
A family doctor tells you you're just fine
But you feel so down all the time
Well, people, you don't have to worry
Just drop us a line
Send your money in on the double
Don't worry, it's deductible
Well, people, you can forget your money
Send us your money and get your troubles
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
If you're feeling lonely and confused
And you don't know what you're to do
And there's no candle left to burn
And you don't know which way to turn
We can help you out
Music
Music
Music



trigging your heat
Little hurry all over and you're moving so
Well, people, here's something that you should know
Music
Tune us in on the radio now
We got charisma, we got style
Well, people, we'll make you feel better
It took for a while
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio
Music
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio

Put your hands on the radio.
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio.
Will you just please stop doing cutaways and segways?
I mean, segways.
He's just preparing to do them, dear.
People used to like the show back when I spent three days editing each one-hour show
at the expense of my family being able to eat decently or wear clothing to school
because I was working so hard on hour slacks.
I don't do that anymore, but I want to pretend like I'm doing it.
Actually, Dave, this afternoon I had to pick music
that I thought the documentary...
that the documentary people should know about
because, you know, they are making a documentary
about the Church of the Subgenius.
I think they really are doing it.
I mean, it's this time it's going to happen.
There have been some flame-outs.
There was one that got made, but it was really lame,
and they didn't give me their footage.
And there was another one where not only did they not give me any of their footage,
but they never returned, they never showed.
They vanished.
With everything.
But this new group, which actually is connected to Subgenius
from the oldest, olden days,
I have high hopes.
I'm not telling them what's important in the story,
but they do have the complete story.
You are a model of sobriety,
so I can see you having high hopes or at least esperanzas.
But anyway, I was picking music that I thought,
before they find stuff on their own,
why don't I provide them with,
hey, the most popular Bob songs,
such as the Subgenius Anthem by Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
There's fun and in it
When the trumpet calls X-Day
In a brother and sister band
When they blow the world away
We shall have paradise
Subgenie of the world unite
Alien sex
Every night
Subgenie of the world
Subgenie of the world
Subgenie of the world unite
Stand hand in hand
When the trumpet calls X-Day
In a brother and sister band
While they blow the world away

We shall have paradise
Subgenie of the world unite
Alien sex
Every night
Subgenie of the world
Subgenie of the world
Subgenie of the world unite
Oh, what a wonderful idea that is.
What a beautiful, beautiful song.
I remember when I first met the old welfare,
the old cubby boy,
and I think it was 1926,
2012.
Ah, what a great mistake it was.
P-U.
Exactly.
Just my thoughts precisely.
Fumigation was necessary.
Yep, me too.
I agree.
I mean, I'd be the first to admit it
that we got some pretty smelly aspersions around.
Well, I also wanted to...
Oh, you know what?
I should give him...
I hope this is okay with Chaz,
but I should give him a witch disco.
I'm gonna give him a witch disco.
I'm gonna give him a witch disco.

Because I wanted to make sure
they had lots of instrumental music.
I'm largely thinking of the Rudy Schwartz project
and the Psychoskeletons,
who both do varied instrumentals
that are kind of Zappa-esque
without sounding Zappa-esque,
and yet they're very original,
but they're complex and cartoon music sounding, sort of.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And there's been a lot of... As I was going through my in-depth research,
I've been thinking about the instrumental music collections by subgeniuses.
There's quite a bit of really good, different, cartoony rugs
that could be used for different sequences.
Even I did some.
Good-o.
So...
Well, you know, Witch Disco actually had a reviewer
who was a part-time reviewer for Downbeat Magazine
and gave that an A-plus in...
Well, I believe Einstein's Secret Orchestra
got Best Electronic Music in Cleveland one year.
But that was the year before it stopped existing.
Yeah, then the band kind of didn't exist anymore
or changed shape so much that it...
Well, ESO meant Extended Sexual Orgasm
or Einstein's Secret Orchestra
or any other things that E, S, and O could stand for.
Oh, that's good.
But, yeah, yeah.
So, you know, there's a lot to think about
in the world of subgenius music
or music made by subgeniuses
or rather noise made by subgeniuses,
which they define as music
or anti-music.
But I prefer music myself.
Listen, poor old Dave.
Well, Dave, we're getting nigh up near the end of an hour
of slack.
And, uh...
But that doesn't mean we have to quit.
It means the listeners have to quit.
The listeners have to know that this is the Hour of Slack
from the Church of the Subgenius,
which isn't just the three of us,
Princess Wee, Reverend Stang,
and our guest on the phone, Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
There are others involved.
And you can know that at subgenius.com.
Does... yeah.
And some of them are...
Some are younger and better looking than Dave and me.
I thought there was a good name for a whore.
Some are younger than Princess Wee,
but none are better looking than Princess Wee,
who is in fact the most beautiful girl thing
or any kind of creature
that has ever roamed the entire known galaxy.
Which we don't know much of the galaxy yet.
What are you trying to get out of now?
No, man.
I've looked at a lot of porno
and magazine pictures and TV shows and movies in my life,
and Princess Wee remains the prettiest looking one I've ever seen.
That's the truth.
I know that what's wrong with you is that
constantly examining pornographic materials.
Well, you've got to make...
You've got constantly reassuring myself
that my wife is hotter than anybody.
The set up is nice,
and it's very wonderful for you to say that to your wife.
I don't just look at porno.
I look at...
I was looking at botany websites today
and all kinds of zoology.
I double-check to make sure there aren't any animals
or invertebrates even
that might happen to be prettier than my wife.
So far, they're not.
All kinds of physical structures.
All right, the physical structures.
Yeah, I thought you were examining mothballs and butterflies.
It turns out you're coming up with a new spiritual reality.
No.
We were examining mothballs and butterflies.
Yes, we were.
And what was it?
Manly chestnuts.
We were examining the kids.
We didn't laugh,
but I am familiar with this tractus treatis.
Oh, yeah?
You know about the manly chestnuts?
Because I never could...
I read the whole thing, but I'm aware of it.
We couldn't get the kids to explain it to us.
No.
We were mystified.
They were so excited about manly chestnuts.
They went on and on about it.
Yes.
It became the mantra for hours.
Kids latch onto things much quicker than their elderly parents and stuff
and their grandparents.
And subgeniuses are the same way.
There's a cutting-edge social culture.
Five-year-old kids.
Yeah.
Cutting-edge.
Hey, look, there's a butt.
When they saw our new Yeti statue, they thought...
The first thing they noticed was that he didn't have any clothes on.
I've got this new Yeti statue in the yard.
It's only three feet tall.
Well, what is the name of the iconic icon of the person exposing their derriere practically
up their intestines at one time?
What was that guy's name again?
Manly P. Chestnut.
No, no, no.
The guy who told me...
I don't know.
Perhaps you were lying.
I know you like to falsify your...
Are you talking about Le Petit Main, the great artist who could perform concerts using crepitation?
No.
Well, yeah, he could do that, but he was more into flames and stuff like that.
He didn't like fireworks to play or...
No, no, no.
Le Petit Main didn't shoot fire out of his butt because his crepitations were not made
by digestion.
He could inhale using his fundament and exhale in a very controlled way so that he could
imitate, say, for instance, the ripping of a yard of gingham.
And then he could...
Using his butt, he could imitate, no, the Battle of Waterloo.
You know, that was...
I remember I used to attend all of his concerts.
I have a couple of photograph albums of him.
He was before photographs, Dave.
He was before movies or recordings.
This was in the late 1800s, I think.
He was the biggest...
He was the hottest show in Paris, I believe.
Yes.
He was the hottest show in his day.
And he was so funny that audiences had to be treated for fainting and apoplexy because
they'd laugh so hard, they'd have heart attacks.
I can most certainly understand that.
The Great Le Petit Main.
The Great Le Petit Main.
Brut.
Okay, and with that, that's the end of the show.
That was The Great Le Petit Main.
The end, so to speak.
Yes.
But I never tire of listening to all of his shows.


I never tire of watching him, you know, or talking to you about Le Petit Main and then
his wonderful achievements.
We saw something even better than Le Petit Main yesterday.
A goat's head sticking out of a goat.
Only not from the head end, from the back end.
It was a push me, pull you.
One of my brother's goats was having kids.
A baby kid.
It was having triplets.
And the second one, the second one was stuck.
Normally, they come out with their forelegs.
and their head first.
Well, this guy's forelegs were tucked back,
so he was only just his head,
and he couldn't get out.
So my brother had to put on the blue rubber gloves
and go give him a hand.
But for about five or ten minutes there,
there was a goat with a goat's head
sticking out of its rump.
Or vajayjay, actually, technically.
Yes.
But it's what a sight.
Imagine that.
A miniature goat sticking out of the inside
of a larger goat.
Stop and think about that, Dave,
and let your appetite grow.
Fabrito.
1980s type of, you know, exacto blade art.
Clip art.
Exacto blade art.
This is the real thing, baby.
But about ten minutes later,
there were three new baby goats
making 34 new goats on Stang Ranch,
where we sell religion and goats.
Friends.
So come on down to the
Subgenius Destructionist Museum,
Destructionist Evidence Museum,
and Sanitarium,
here in Stang'sville,
near beautiful Blood Rose Texas.
It's where you never have to worry why a goat.
Subgenius.com.
Praise Bob.
I didn't know you were doing a rocket wave.
Yeah, I was doing a rocket wave.
I need to give some kind of credits
for the music that we,
the people who played in the background.
It was a collection of instrumentals
assembled by Potter Nostril.
And I believe that we heard
Dave Greenslade, Anvil, Jeff Beck,
Lorena McKinnet, Mashmakan, or the letter F,
Danny Elfman, Coliseum, Nucleus, Jeff Beck,
Terrace Garden, Nash the Slash, Vangelis,
Link Wray, Sidewinder, The Groundhogs, Colin Linden,
and Camel.
Praise Craig.
I actually have no idea where we are on that list
or if we heard any of those,
but it was something like that.
But now that we've recorded so damn much stuff
that there's no time to play any of those songs
I was going to play.
So I guess we better just talk about,
we better talk about how they better send their 35 bucks in
because that part of the show,
that other part, the legal part's over.
This is the illegal part of the show.
Dave, tell them what they need to know.
What they can get?
Yeah.
Is that a good idea?
Well, Seborrhea for one thing,
mild laxative at best,
at least 300 pounds a week of phosphorescent,
pho, pho, phosphorescent donuts or,
Pho, pho.
Have you ever tried?
Pho, pho.
Phosphorescent donuts sound really fun.
Vietnamese pho, but they call it pho.
No, no, no.
It's the Church of the Subgenius membership pack.
That's what they want is the membership pack.
It's got that little minister's card
that says you can do anything.
You can do real marriages.
You're really a minister.
If you want to go to enough trouble,
you could probably write it off on your taxes,
but that's a lot of trouble.
We don't do that, most of us.
We just hitch people and bitch at people.
That's what preachers are for.
And you can be a preacher too, friend.
It's not just the little card.
You get a really nice 30-piece set of documents,
bumper stickers, a pin.
Yes, a metal pin with Bob's logo on it and face.
11 by 17 documents suitable for framing.
Suitable for framing like crazy.
They're all over this house.
Both my parents were subgeniuses.
Very proud.
So anyway, yeah, that's the post office.
Box 14...
Yeah.
Wait, wait.
No, until May, it's box 807,
Glen Rose, Texas, 76043.
After that, it's P.O. Box 181-417,
Cleveland Heights, Ohio, 44118.
Ah, yes.
It's so righteous.
So beautiful to get down with Bob.
Sit down in that barber chair he kick out for you.
Let him give you a haircut.
I'll cut them a shave.
You'll never have to work again.
You'll be a bum, but you'll be a happy, happy bum.
You'll be the happiest old bum out on the street
because you got the haircut that Bob Dobbs gave you, buddy.
Praise Bob.
Praise that old Bob.
Praise, praise him.
Oh, yes, I'll praise him.
Praise him.
Praise him.
Oh, yeah.
That's the old-time feeling.
It's the good old slack feeling
coming from the church of the subgenius.
Ah, yes, yes, yes.
Just feel that slack wash over you
like a warm, warm ocean of heated jelly, Vaseline.
It's like rolling and lolling around
on an ocean made of giant, human, female mammary breasts.
Just think of it, friend.
You could have all of that for just $35.
But you can't wear it in public unless you have a special permit,
which is only $30 once it's good.
PayPal, credit cards.
You can mail us a check to that post office boxes I just gave.
We'll be back in Cleveland after May 15th.
And friends, you can just get down in there with Bob.
Just right down in there.
Warm and close and snugly.
Sure, that pipe smoke is a bit cloying,
and his body odor can be rank at times,
but you're in his protection.
Not his pro-tection.
His purr-tection.
He loves you.
It just feels so good.
And Bob can be rough sometimes,
so you'd better watch out and pull and hold his pully little snout.
You'd better be happy.
You'd better not cry,
or you'll have to kick Bob in his left . . .
. . .
Okay, well, we're going to be flyballing away now.
That's all 60 minutes used up.
That's done.
