Welcome, dear friends, to the subgenius hour of slack.
Slack, slack, slack.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
And we'll be orbiting your area for the next hour,
carrying the message, the seed word of the faith of Bob,
the faith in Bob, F-I-B, we call it.
Can you keep up the F-I-B, friend?
You want to dump the main shots?
Thank you.
All right.

Somewhere over there.
The show's right up on the green lines, doctor.
The show is fully on the line.
We will be landing on another show.
We will be docking with another show tonight.
Pardon me.
You can't land on another show because of nuclear explosion.
We'll be docking with show four from San Francisco tonight.
And hold on to your seats.
Oh!
Oh!
Are you okay?
This material?
This material contains information affecting the national defense of the United States
within the meaning of the espionage law,
Title 18, U.S.C., sections 7098 and 74,
a transmission or revelation of which in any manner to an unauthorized person
is indefinitely prohibited by law.
Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think,
Bob?
Bob?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
And what exactly does this do for them?
Oh, it causes them to forget everything they've learned and it prepares their mind for the
slate-like impression, the imprinting of the true subgenius.
It's time to be manipulated.
Brother, I want to tell you something.
The world is tired of dead preaching preachers.
Dead preachers.
Creatures preaching dead sermons to dead congregations.
They're tired of cold services and cold churches.
This world is hungry for reality.
They've had enough of Hollywood.
They've had enough of Nashville.
They've had enough of show business.
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise goddamn Bob!
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah!
Oh, yes!
Ah!
The sound itself.
It has a stink to it.
It's bad!
Ah, yes, dear friends.
It's your host and prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang, treading around Stang Ranch.
I was in my office today and realized that I've got to crank a show out.
And we're busy.
We're real busy with all this other stuff involving this documentary.
And I'm not sure if you've heard of the documentary movie.
And other things.
And picking a rerun is agonizing.
And I thought, why don't we just do one of our albums that we used to sell.
Well, we do, but nobody buys them.
This one is called Bob's Hour of Slack Classics.
And it's really some of my favorite cuts from the old Media Barrage tapes.
As well as bits of Arise and video things that we did in the past.
I think this was assembled around 2000.
We were doing ESO Swamp Radio by then.
There was a little bit of that in there.
But it's mostly old-timer stuff.
You heard G. Gordon Gordon and St. Byron Werner and Pope David N. Meyer and Puzzling Evidence.
Brother Cleve.
Well, I bet I'll have to cut that for the radio broadcast.
Mm-hmm.
On Encounter Byte, Dr. Philo Drummond.
Gary Brokfan.
Lies.
Pope Sternodocs.
Bleepo Abernathy.
Bill T. Miller.
The King of Slack.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Dr. Hal Robbins.
Sister Melodious Chops.
DK Jones.
Lost Souls Incorporated.
The Walk-Ins.
And Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger.
So, with names like that, you know it's got to be good or at least weird.
Praise Bob.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
Dragging your butt through the day, selling body and soul to a bunch of bland normals?
Acting stupid so they'll think you're one of them?
Tired of getting all of the guilt but none of the sex?
There is a simple answer, dear friend.
A glowing beacon of slack amidst the turmoil and darkness.
It's J.R. Bob Dobbs, the living slack master in his church of the subgenus.
Bob brings a new destiny for the abnormal.
For Bob comes to justify our sins.
To unmask the conspiracy and to get us back the slack they stole away.
It's us versus them.
Are you going to fry in hell on earth alongside the pink boys?
Or will you pull the wool over your own eyes and accept Bob into your mind?
Repent.
Quit your job.
Slack off.
And praise Bob.
Church of the Subgenus.
Eternal salvation or triple your money back.
Every time I sit down on my kingdom's throne.
And reach out for the good book that will save my soul.
Save me from the clutches of conspiracy.
Save me from the chains of time.
Save me from the men in black.
And the black who's never subgenius.
Black, South, Black.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Dear Bob, my life has changed completely because of your ministry.
Now what?
Do you believe this?
And do I share everything with you of your

I was getting messages in the back of my brain.
And I just kept hearing the word Bob, Bob, Bob.
They said your mind is in this jar and then they poured it down the sink.
Subgeniuses are the class of people who can't be classified.
Subgeniuses come from a better world and they're going to a better world.
They descended from abominable snowmen and will evolve overnight on some evening in late 1998 into over men and over women.
It is an unbroken line of continuous change as opposed to that of pinks who are an evolutionary dead end and have been spinning their wheels as mere humans for the last million years or so.
I guess some of those people that complained about the so-called failure of X-Day last year,
maybe they just happened to miss that very first sentence at the top.
I mean, at the top of the very first pamphlet that was published in 1979, and I don't mean the phrase one dollar.
Friends, at the top of that pamphlet, what does it say? It says the world ends tomorrow.
The world ends tomorrow and you may die. Not the day after tomorrow, not on July 5th, 1998.
Tomorrow. How many of you have been living your lives as if the world ends tomorrow?
Or else as if you had all day?
Or else as if you had all the time in the world?
Because if you like doing one or the other, you're wasting it all.
But who cares anyway, friends? God damn it, we're religious nuts.
Did the Jehovah's Witnesses stop coming to your door just because their world didn't end those five or six times in a row? Hell no!
Are we going to let the Jehovah's Witnesses out-coup us? Say no!
No!
No, friends, we'll be the ultimate.
Superstitious religious nuts. Besides, when you get right down to it, isn't reality itself a superstition?
No, really, we're a fun crowd. You'd like us to move in next door to you.
To you, we'd be indistinguishable from the others you might see in your town.
Oh, maybe we'd have a wink in our twinkling eye, a smile or a leer on our lips, but otherwise we'd look like everyday Joe Lunchpail.
A good, solid, honest, cream-colored woman.
And a working man, ready to move in next to you and send the property values soaring. How about it, America? Get in step.
Well, let's try it out, huh?
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track!
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes, your kind shall triumph!
Disobedient to parents, a subgenius.
Steals, a subgenius.
Lies, a subgenius.
Hater of God, a subgenius.
Whisperer, a subgenius.
Whoremonger, a subgenius.
Envious, a subgenius.
Pride, a subgenius.
A backbiter, a subgenius.
A deceitful person, a subgenius.
A hypocrite, a subgenius.
Unmerciful, a subplenius.
A false accuser, a subbenius.
Well, I guess that about wraps it up. That's your typical subgenius now.
Monk, I don't need Dobbs. There's nothing wrong with me. I'll make it my way.
Oh, good.
I must have been insane.
What can I say? I'm lost without Dobbs. Without Bob. I'm guilty. Guilty.
Twenty-seven sheets.
Be not deceived. Dobbs is not mocked. For whosoever a man soeth, him also shall he reap.
For it is my shepherd, I shall not want.
These occurrences are pure figments of imagination.
Any abnormal sound?
Normal.






The conspiracy mania ought to be normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Happily, delightfully, constantly normal.
These occurrences are pure figments of imagination.
It's not normal.
Make more noise! Let's hear it! Come on, let's hear it!
Orchid.
Tonom!
Tonom!
T cherry!
unft.
T malt!
M.
At last, the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it.
The only fate that promises action, thrills, success in sex and business.
Having intercourse with a beautiful live girl or damn near anything else.
But you tried everything.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Learn to think big.
Develop the tricks of length extension.
Bring your weirdest dreams to rampaging life.
Stand direct for your own abnormality.
Mom is a way of life to millions.
Yet half of them don't even know it.
He's the one true living slack master.
Master with the spiritual know-how to help you bash through the locked doorway to financial heaven.
He is the one real shortcut to slack.
Attain status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
Bob's promises to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior.
To explore new ways of going over the edge.
And coming right back.
Plus, to bring back those who couldn't make it on their own.
To help you create the highest possible earnings from the psychodynamics of abnormality.
To turn conspiracy implanted personality disorders around.
And channel them into an illusion of creativity.
That will fool normals and get you sex.
And stop, make useless, fatal, tocar cats and kill normal.
Bob'siefando is ready to groundspar.
While a six-million-year cycle will end in 1998.
Bob sees the world entering a new aeon.
Which, in a few years, will bring more wondrous and miraculous change.
And carnage, insanity and destruction, than all of mankind's history and pre-history before it.
Bob brings a new destiny for America.
A time of cataclysmic economic change that will offer untold riches and power to those in the know.
While billions of deserving conspiracy dupes fry in hell on earth.
Uncontrolled thinking, controlled by Bob, will usher in a spiritual rebirth.
And a cascade of astounding mysteries.
Three supernatural bridges and a restoration of lost psychic abilities.
That will totally transform the lives of those who dare to seek them and pay for them.
That's right, you're lucky to live in the end time.
Here's more money, Bob!
When I used to be a sinner.
Cause I truly did believe.
That the Virgin Mary, Jesus, and me were thick as thieves.
And I used to give my daughter a evangelistic snob.
But then the light had shone upon me.
And I found J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And now my wallet belongs to Bob.
Yes, my wallet belongs to Bob.
Well, my heart is for my honey.
And my brain is for my job.
But my wallet.
Belongs to Bob.
I was a slave.
Well, Bobby goes to propping every chance that he can get.
He can outperform the biggest without even breaking sweat.
So I gave him all my money.
Reverend Stanks said it was right.
And for only $20, he did save my soul tonight.
And now my wallet belongs to Bob.
Yes, my wallet belongs to Bob.
No more can look conspiracy.
My lonely wages rob.
And my wallet belongs to Bob.
Well, Bobby's got a sweetie.
And Connie is her name.
And her ways could put the sacred whore of Babylon to shame.
She's a little bit of a wimp.
But she reaches in Bob's pocket.
Fuels around for something hard.
Then pulls her hand out holding on to his mighty credit card.
And now my wallet belongs to Bob.
Yes, my wallet belongs to Bob.
And I never have to fear.
Because I know Connie's on the job.
And my wallet belongs to Bob.
Well, you may have your lady and your horny green man too.
Their existential energy may be what's right for you.
But someday you'll grow weary of those paganistic cubs.
And give away your money to the one that gets results.
And then your wallet will be for Bob.
Yes, your wallet will be for Bob.
And you will be subgenius.
Not another stupid slob.
And your wallet will be for Bob.
Well, I believe I am much calmer.
Got the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer sitting on the dashboard of my car.
Crazy.
Here he has my bag.
Man sir, don't try to tell me I will be the lefty.


I will tell you, dear, that I will smile the die and I am not a coward.
Well, I try to have you calm down because there is a new car.



Come say hi.
Yeah.
In Dobbs Town,
when Bodhisattva Dobbs sits under the open sky,
unraveling small business parables
to the devout zombies gathered around him,
birds flock overhead to give him shade.
They let their droppings fall only on his followers.
In his dharma, or teaching,
the master Dobbs demands absolute self-deification,
the retainting and depurification of the ego,
and the achievement of all selfish desires.
The only way to handle temptation, he admonishes,
is to go at it until it hurts.
Then it will be finished with you and will leave you alone.
Unless you get hooked.
Then, only larger donations to the church can save you.
Bob will protect you.
Bob is protecting the genetic future.
Let him. Let him into your life.
Let Bob protect you. He wants to protect you.
He must protect you. He has to protect you.
Jehovah One says Bob will protect you.
If you send a dollar to Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 1-800-544-7000.
1-800-544-7000.
1 dollar for salvation. 1 dollar.
Not 30 dollars to Bob Poo's that you consider your life to be worth 30 dollars.
You'll spend that much on Prince and rock stars anyway.
He gave life to you and to me.
Pray to him, Antillius. He will listen to your prayers.
Wise up! They're out to get you.
The different are being saved.
Silenced by a global conspiracy.
Weird men arise! Find out who they are and how to smash them!
You probably already knew that the U.S. government is a sham.
Something propped up there for you to blame.
But did you know that the real powers that be are not even people?
That they are actually shambling?
Unbelievable, unmentionable, unthinkable things?
Yes!
Jehovah is an alien and still threatens this planet!
Defy the sinister star forces which mock us all.
Evil demons have kept the truth from humanity for thousands of years.
God has been misquoted all this time.
His actual words may disturb you, but Bob Dobbs is a bulwark against the unbearable fear and anxiety.
The society tormenting mankind.
It's not just the wars and the awards that win them.
It's not just the dull and empty distaste for a smothered culture that expires all around you in pools of its own wastes.
It's not just the terminal folds of Nunu.
It's not just the child zombies that murder their mediocrity parents and then cruise the streets with bloody feet.
It's not just those starry old vecks on the park benches with looks on their faces like those who shuffled out of the boxcars of Belsen and Auschwitz.
It's not just the anesthesiologist for needy.
It's not just the heaving pink meat masses that grope and clutch all around you.
It's not just the dino bones for Wotan.
It's not just the broken headlights of the police.


It's not just the high snapped antenna and human excrement on your car hood.
It's not just that the old ways were best.
It's not just the bastardization and perversion of every honest means of self-expression.
It's not just the killer shit ganja from the dark side of the bush.
It's not just the penoid snipers locking and loading on every high-rise rooftop.
It's not just the wide-screen technicolor corporate daisy chain that is defending the
entire planet.
It's not just Mongo in the Congo with fa-fa-fas the size of basketballs.
It's not just the prophets crying lonely and alone in the wilderness.
It's not just the indignity of having to work for some bland nun entity son of a bitch who thinks workers are property.
It's not just the blueness of the wound cleansed by evil.
It's not just the battling eco-freaks who want to go back to nature.
It's not just the
It's not just the horrible feeling of being entrapped inside a regimented, devolving world that you certainly never made.
It's not just the doorway to doom.
It's not just wanting to know what the hell is really going on.
It's not just the missing H's or the stolen alpha-beta-max.
No, dear friends, there is more to it all than that.
Bob ain't no nickel-dime bum-show.
I put it to you, he's on the square and a corking fine business proposition.
He's the grandest thing yet, and don't you forget it.
Shout salvation and fightin' Jesus, you'll need to rise precious early, you sinner there, if you want to diddle the almighty Bob.
Not off.
He's got cough mixture with a punch on it for you, my friend.
In his back pocket. Just you try it.
There's no prob with Bob.
Bob is a sex god.
Bob is a sex god.
Unbelievable.
Unspeakable.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
Friends, how would you like to get laid with impunity?
He's here tonight!
How would you? He is here?
He ain't got no other place to go, man. He's lonely as hell.
The imp of punity has finally come, and I am an ordained minister.
I am an officially approved holy man by the government's orders
and by virtue of the Universal Life Church and of J.R. Bob Dobbs and Connie Dobbs.
Hail Connie, praise Bob.
And friends, there's a tradition in our church that says, that's, that says, that's, well, you know, we're outnumbered by conspiracy pinks,
Barbies and Kins, caged men, box dwellers, mediocritans, and so forth.
And that means, friends, that we have to overpopulate the planet with as many little subgeniuses as we possibly can
until the whole planet is so overpopulated with them that it practically tips over.
And you know what that means, friends, to repopulate the planet with subgeniuses?
That means simply that you have to love more.
Well, love doesn't have anything to do with it. It just means you have to reproduce.
Like animals, it's a natural thing, but it's not natural unless it's approved by God and the state.
And that's why you're in luck. Whether your idea of great sex is with that babe or stud or animal sitting next to you,
or with just your right hand or your left hand if it's sort of a kinky night.
Why, friends, all you need, just as all the, the scarecrow needed,
was his diploma, and just as all the tin man needed was his, uh, certificate,
all you need is a short duration subgenius marriage.
And, uh, I know you are gonna probably sin or not sin tonight, whether, no matter whether we officially did it or not,
but this way you won't go to hell. So, friends, oh, yes, dear friends, do you voyeurs and weirdos here,
swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so I'll be bald and Connie say, I do, I do, okay?
Friend, are there any here who, any jealous losers and uptight puritanical idiots who think that these couples and triples
and a whole damn room shouldn't be united in some disgusting way of sexual love and wedding official matrimony racing?
Speak now or, well, fuck you, we don't care.
Speak now or, well, fuck you, we don't care.
Are there any?
Oh, well, do you, insert name here, male and or female or whatever type of subgenius,
swear upon the eyes of Dobbs' sainted dead mother, Jane, to take this other subgenius or pet at home or favorite porno star
or fantasy, your shoe, your wedding ring, your condom in your wallet,
do you swear to take this mate, this right hand, this left hand, whatever,
as your permanent will for the next 24 hours to have and to hold for richer or poorer in sickness and in kinkiness,
ah, forever and, well, for the next 24 hours starting now, 1 a.m., say, I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
Okay.
Shake hands on it and say, it's a deal.
It's a deal.
It's a deal.
It's a deal.
We're all married now, so we're all friends here, you can go ahead and start farting and…
and…
Actually, to tell the truth, friends, the very first time I came to this Starwood thing…
Oh, you must now kiss the bride and consummate the peace.
or else you make a mockery of the sacred institution of marriage.
Oh, my God.
Is this for real?
No, no, no.
This is just a tape.
Relax.
It is not the day before or the week between.
It's just the show.
Hey, that new church air is just great.
It's fun.
Well, son, if you'll just keep breathing an equal portion of church air with all of the bad air, too, you'll get like me.
Your head will begin to expand.
The inside will eventually become larger than the outside.
I don't know quite how to explain this.
But I've put my trust in Bob.
Thanks to Bob, the inside of my head is much larger than the outside ever was.
But doesn't that make it hard to get through doorways?
Sometimes I do get lost inside my head.
And I've had trouble finding my way out, especially early in the morning.
But thanks to Bob, I'll be a much more productive employee on the job.
And I'll be able to do my job.
And I've had a great time at parties with this new big head that came with my glandscaping.
Will the same thing happen to me when I get to be a man, too?
Yes, son.
You'll go through the operations, too.
The doctors will open your third nostril with their musical instruments.
And you'll be able to whiff-read the stenches of all the normals and pinks around you.
You'll be able to sell them anything, son.
Just like me.
Gee, I can't wait till that Bob-time train comes around the bend.
Oh, look out, son. Here it comes now.
It's frightening, isn't it?
It's unbelievably scary.
It's not wrenching.
It's not wrenching.
Close your eyes and pretend with me for a few seconds.
Your doorbell rings.
And you're gone.
And there's a chaplain standing quietly.
He tells you,
We're splashing liberation right around the world.
And we'll die to do it.
And a mastery of the art of mass hypnotism are their stock in trade.
You see, Bobby, old Bob Dobbs, he's the sucker that's reborn every minute.
And yet he's the money which that sucker spendeth.
And he is the bank in which that money is locked.
He's companionship for the lonely when no one is there.
He's your best friend and he'll never let you down.
He's the dad you never knew you had.
He's the son every mom knows she gave birth to.
Bob is the uncle who told you what the dirty words mean.
And he's the little sister you'll fight any bully to protect.
Bob, my friend, is your big brother.
Bob is a rock.
Bob is a tree.
Bob is you and her.
Bob ah, ah, ah.
Okay, you'll start here.
All right, then.
There won't be no rainy days
If I will sell you all the sun
He's unlike with Jehovah
But he ain't no man, he ain't no God
I don't wanna walk the path I've trod
He ain't no man, he ain't no God
I don't wanna walk the path I've trod
At his desk in Dallas
Well, Dread Dab sits smoking
Behind his mirrored windows
Well, Dread Dab sits smoking
Light up your pipe, let go the smoke
This is slack, it ain't no joke
Brace me to barb, lift up your chain
Let's go!
And you will pay to know what you think
But he ain't no man, he ain't no God
I don't wanna walk the path I've trod
He ain't no man, he ain't no God
I don't wanna walk the path I've trod
He ain't no man, he ain't no God
mob as it spreads from town to town.
It's indestructible.
It's indescribable.
Nothing can stop it.
This town is in danger.
How can it be stopped?
Mob hysteria sweeps one city.
Before long, the nation and then the world can lean flat on the mob.
Starring speeding and a cast of exciting people.
Hundreds of New Yorkers at a religious revival
chanting the name of a modern-day prophet, Bob.
Bob's teachings are the foundation of a church
that does little more than parody cults and American consumerism.
It's called the Church of the Subgenius.
Tom Vitale has this report.
You will pay to know what you really think.
But if you give us money, we will tell you what to think
and not on the inside.
We will tell you what you really think.
For once, you will get value for your dollars.
Americans will buy anything, and they're getting sold short.
That's the message of the Church of the Subgenius,
as delivered by the Pope of all New York, David Meyer, at a recent revival.
Meyer also instructed the enthusiastic crowd in how to get slack,
how to get right with Bob, and how to pull the wool over your own eyes.
For they shall see God.
It's still true.
God still speaks in special ways to each of us today.
But my feelings toward him are still so brittle and sour.
I don't care, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care anymore.
I'm tired, I'm tired, I'm tired, I'm tired.
I can't tolerate it.
I can't live with it.
I can't.
And that's how I became a subgenius.
Children of the great St. Lenny Bruce said,
American society cripples you and arrests you for limping.
Here in the church of the subgenius we say,
cast off those crutches and crawl with pride.
You can crawl again.
You can crawl again, children.
I may sound like a Bible beater yelling up a revival at a river crossing camp meeting,
but that don't change the truth, no.
I'm tired of this new age gobbledygook mumbo jumbo
replacing Dobbs revealed.
I'm tired of the threat of the new age supersonic Nazi hell creatures from beneath the hollow earth.
I'm tired of undead preachers preaching undead sermons to undead congregations.
But old Bobby, he ain't quite so forgiving as some of these higher ranking, better connected deities.
So you just be watching out.
Bob is being blamed for at least two deaths and 20 injuries.
Not even President Bush's vacation home in Kennebunkport, Maine was spared Bob's winds and waves.
One person, though, died near New York City when Bob threw a tree into a commuter train.
Like any other church, like any other church of genius,
the church has divine tenets, divine rules, divine orders.
The fourth rule of the subgenius church is,
it's always better than not enough.
Can I get it too much?
Can I get it too much?
Why is it always better than?
Why is it always better than?
Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
The fourth rule of the church of the subgenius, thank you, Buck,
and one of the most important rules that supersedes all other rules,
the I.
Fuck them!
If they can't take a joke, fuck them!
Hello?
Hi.
Hi.
I'm tuned into your station.
I'm just wondering what the hell's going on.
Well, us too.
So you help us out.
I am the Pope of New York, flown out here especially to preach the gospel of Bob and the church of the subgenius.
To you, young lady, do you have enough slack in your life?
Do I have a what?
Do you have enough slack in your life?
Enough what?
Slack.
Slack.
Half of the dolphins...
Half of the dolphins' sexual drive is released through their blowhole.
And the other half is released through the church of the subgenius.
Thank you for that testimonial.
And clean your own blowhole, would you please?
Yes.
We have a special brush here available at the church, the brush and soap department of the church here.
I can't lay hands on you and drive.
So far, all of the dolphins in the marina have body brush.
You slap with the very touching of the tentacles of the Pope.
That's right.
Andy's using one of those brushes on Channel 5 right now.
Yes, it's tuned up in color.
Andy, if you don't believe I can heal with my mere hands, just ask Andy about the hands of the Pope.
Oh, yes.
Oh.
Oh.
It's all around me.
And yet, God asks that we worship him by holy living.
Today?
Can he really mean that?
And slack is something so hard for people to understand, especially in this country.
In a great deal of the rest of the world, it's very simple.
Slack is having a hard time.
You're not eating enough food in your stomach.
But in America, we are plagued with false slack and false money, false sex, false everything.
False drugs.
Bob delivers the real thing.
The next rule of the church of the subgenius is if you act like a dumb shit, they'll treat you like an equal.
Like a what?
Like a what?
Like a what?
If you act like a what?
A dumb shit.
They'll treat you like an equal.
They will.
They will.
They will.

They will.
They will.




They will force you to kneel to their level.
But you will fight them.
You will not be alone, but you will fight them, children.
And, uh, you know, even if X-Day didn't work out, we'll go for Sex Day.
We want you people to dance into the new century.
Screw into the new century.
Sleep and eat your way into the new century.
Whatever you're doing in the moment of turnip.
over, because what you'll be doing forever, so make sure you're not asleep, make sure
you're not watching TV, make sure you're not listening to Pat Boone, make sure you're not
reaching for an itch you'll never be able to scratch.
Friends, you're floating in a sea of pills, a sea of Bob's pills, but you're just too
blind yet to see them.
Oh, friends, I know you're not the dumb-asticated type, I know you're the smart-asticated type.
Oh, but people say, Reverend Stagg, what is slack?
I want you to tell me what slack is.
No, friends, the television doesn't have to watch you.
As long as you're watching TV.

As long as you are watching the television.
And a lot of people, a lot of people think that slack is that Miller Beer commercial
where everybody's good-looking, and you're rich, and your team just won the game, and
you're drinking Miller Beer, and your favorite show is on.
And you know that's bullshit, because slack is not laziness, friends.
Slack is getting into the zone, is being awake and alert and doing what you wanted to do
until you're on it.
And you're smart enough to realize that you are God, life is worth living, and everything
is just as psychedelic as an old t-shirt that you can't fit into anymore.
Now, hold that thought, hold it in your head, because that is what slack is all about, friends.
Slack is something for nothing.
After he said that, then he said, arise.
Take up your bed, and go your way to your house.
Take up your bed and walk.
Then he stretched out on the floor.
True slack is by definition indefinable.
It is a kind of direct perception, unfettered by common sense.
It is not merely laziness.
It is rather a kind of active sloth.
Slack in its pure form makes happiness seem like agony by comparison.
Next to slack, the nirvana known to mystics and saints is like endless torment.
The difference between slack and no slack was the time you were 14 and finally called
that girl up, and when she knew who you were, when you identified yourself on the phone,
that was the beginning of slack.
But then again, getting the date or anything like that was not slack.
It was that moment when suddenly something went the way you wanted it to go without you
thinking about it.
It was something that was totally not involved when your feet were involved rather than your
head.
Slack is getting things to run smooth without trying.
Without trying.
You give up and you get everything.
It's like a submission of the self to the white over light in Buddhism.
The Atman surrenders to the holy oneness without thinking about it.
It's not give to get, it's give up and get anyone.
Now, holy men have pointed out that brains are like wood.
They're radios that can be tuned and the will is like a gun that can be aimed.
Some aim better than others.
Pinks usually aren't aware that their gun will even fire.
They use it to pound things to death.
Then when they finally realize they can fire it, the barrel is so clogged with dirt and
gore that bam, the thing splits down the middle or in their face and misses everything.
What takes away your slack?
What takes away your slack?
What takes away your slack?
Pussy waitresses!
Pussy waitresses!
Take away your slack!
Take away your slack!
Arrogant cashiers!
Arrogant cashiers!
Take away your slack!
Take away your slack!
Insensitive employers!
Take away your slack!
Insensitive employers!
Take away your slack!
Withholding tax!
Withholding tax!
Takes away your slack!
Hey, boy, tomorrow you're gonna get paid.
Yeah, life sucks.
Yeah.
Life sucks.
Yeah, life sucks.
I've had it up to here.
Shut up.
I hate myself and I hate everyone else.
I hate don'ts.
Can you hear me?
What the heck is going on here anyway?
I'm not that bad.

need to talk to Bob. Bob, Bob, Bob. Bob, Bob. There are weapons that are simply thoughts,
attitudes, prejudices, to be found only in the minds of men. There is no typical subgenius.
There's no profile subgenius. The subgenius is the person who is an outsider, who has
been different some way or another since birth. A person who is born with slack. And we're
all born with slack. Original slack. Original slack. But the conspiracy, the conspiracy
of normalcy, really, is what it is. It takes it away from the minute you are born. They
give you that first whack on your behind to make you cry. From that moment on, they're
taking away your slack.
Some make rules, some obey, but the rules are for the fools, is what I say.
We have the figure of a race infused with aliens spending their lives.
Yes, friends, building a new race is hard. And nothing gets it quite as hard as an alien
smegmaplot. Made from the real genital material for actual aliens, it will infuse your old
mankind accordion with the jism it needs to make it go. Now a new golf ball and honey
mustard flavor. Oh, I'm sorry.
Uh, friends, you know, this is a rainbow church of unity. I was telling my redneck brother-in-law
not long ago about our little ex-day gathering.
He had two weeks. Well, we have every year here, unfortunately, until the world ends.
And I was explaining to him about our friend Pope S. Lilith, who's a great subgenius preacher.
And I actually started out life as a guy in Dallas, Texas, and now as a lovely woman in
Seattle. And Pope S. Lilith was elected both king and queen of the mutant prom two weeks
ago. I was telling this redneck brother-in-law of mine about Pope S.
Lilith and the redneck brother-in-law said, we know Reverend Stang. I don't think that
I'd like most of the people in your church. And I said, well, Cliff, that's why they go
to my church and not your Baptist church. And you know, it's a sign of the end times
when the wretched and the perverted and the drunkards and publicans have to come to Bob
because Jesus is.
Most people won't give him the time of day. Even Jesus has to come to Bob because he doesn't
want to get nailed again. And that's why we have this little hymn that you can sing along
with us.
And all our friends are so fucked up.
Us and all our friends are so fucked up.
That's it. You got it.
Simple song.
Us and all our friends are so fucked up.
Us and all our friends are so fucked us.
Us and all our friends are so fucked.
Us and all our friends are so fucked us.
Us and all our friends are so fucked us.
Us and all our friends are so fucked us.
Us and all our friends are so fucked.
Us and all our friends are so fucked.
Us and all our friends are so fucked.


Us and all our friends are so fucked us.
So fuck us and all our friends are so fucked up
The neighbors complain about us.
I thank God our dreams are so far gone.
I thank God our dreams are so far gone.
The rest will be turned in.
What about the us-a-pod?
It's the them-a-pod.
The them-a-pod.
They scared me in the elevator last week, but I'm trying to find out about our side now.
It's the foundation, the undergarment of the false messiah, the falsy messiah, which has been prophesied by the book of...
But which side was the false messiah on? Was he a them-a-pod or an us-a-pod?
It was a them-a-pod at the beginning, but then, yea and lo, it became an if-a-pod.
Right, Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
You know, everybody thinks that Church of the Subgenius started about 1953 or so, but that's not true.
It's a lot older than that, and it dates back to the first time a couple of kids cut up in church.
Amen.
You know, we're here in Dallas.
It's pretty normal.
Yeah.
Here in North Dallas.
I don't know.
I woke up yesterday morning, and the world was in a lot of trouble.
And I opened up the refrigerator, and there were starving children inside.
And I walked down the street, and there was no education, and the people of different ethnic backgrounds were back at each other's throats after 20 years of progress.
I hate that old conspiracy as much as it hates me.
But me and Bob will get them, just you wait and see.
For as long as they have run things, they have turned them into shit.
The time has come.
I'm going to get them back.
Here's how I look at it.
I am a soft cheese.
And by that, that you would touch would fall to the grave of the man.
My power wasn't given to me in exchange for prayer or meditation.
I paid for it in cold, hard American dollars.
Salvation you get for free is worth just that.
Doesn't you?
Queer.
Of course, your money ain't worth jack shit anyway.
The conspiracy says to that, but a very important element of your soul adheres to those otherwise worthless greenbacks that Bob needs in order to pursue his plan for world domination.
I say, Bob guides my hand in all things and pays me off in pure slack.
So I say to you.
Whips.
You fools.
You dupes.
You pigs.
Give me your money.
You won't need it in the future.
The future offers you naught but destruction.
You know what I mean?
I mean, I dare you to kill me.
I need to be?
I mean, fuck.
I'm one of the good guys.
My cards shall prevail.
Let out the crazy man inside you.
He knows what's what.
Smile when you call me a fanatic.
Oh, you say, me primate.
Me over man.
You think I'm dumb, but you are blind to the conspiracy that runs your life.
And you have your geniuses running things for you and you think they're going to make things safe and simple and easy and all that freeze-dry.
You're wrong.
You're calling me the bullshit.
Well, I'm a fucking subgenius.
And I'm going to make things safe and simple and easy for me and the entire subgenius race.
Even if it means wiping out your sick society in total with no more sentiment involved and swatting the fly.
All this so we might survive the end.
You know why?
Because I am.
I am.
I am.
I am a subgenius.
I am a subgenius.
Fuck all you blow-dried white-guided sippin' designer jean-clad French-kewn watch and walkman totin' hipwimp.
And fuck you house-coated inquirer ridden trailer and catball shoppin' head, curled motorheads, cockholsters, all you dupes.
Fuck the corporate big-money oil explorer tree-killer land raper.
Food freezer, death warmer, tri-naturalist asshole.
Fuck the establishment-carrying foes, huntin' backstabbing polyphonic.
Spreading, bomb-wielding, meringue-headed, pussy-licking, pencil-necked, eraser-headed
politicals.
Kill the conspiracy.
Kill them and eat them.
Kill them and eat them and fuck their wives.
Who do you think you are?
What do you think you're doing?
Do you think you got it good?
Well, dispose of those illusions.
Dispose of them all right now, motherfuckers.
Because on July 5th, 1998, 7.30 in the morning, you shall be judged.
But it doesn't matter, friends, because we're out of here.
We're out of here before the Y2K month.
We're out of here on the Y1.9999.
That's what Bob really meant.
Before any of those YKs arrive, we're KY'd up.
We're going to.
Slide home free.
Day after tomorrow, we're going to slide home free, baby.
On XXA.
XYZ.
X year zero.
Ah, yes.
Spread wide for the final ride.
Because the Xs are coming, friends.
And you are too.
They didn't take us seriously last time.
Hell, half of you didn't take us seriously.
Didn't take God's prophecy seriously.
But this time, we've learned.
Listen.
We can't rely on invisible monsters from outer space.
We can't even rely on Bob.
We have to learn how to escape Earth without being dependent on the conspiracy or any extraterrestrials
or salesmen.
Sure, send in your 30 bucks, but build your own ship.
You may not have to.
Just recover your ass.
Build your own ship.
Even better, go buy hangar containers.
Area 51 or Cape Canaveral or Studio 54.
And steal your own ship.
Ah, yes.
And scrape your own fuel.
And while you're at it, friends, let's swab the deck on the spaceship that we're already stuck together on.
We're already riding on the spaceship.
And it's in bad shape.
And it's high time we cleaned it up.
Yeah!
Earth, we must get off.
Whether we leave it or leave it a cinder.
Whether we blow it off or blow it up.
Just don't blow it, friends.
So relax in your own delusion.
Find a place to hide and reach your confusion.
Save me.
From the barges of conspiracy.
Save me.
From the change of time.
Save me.
From the men that you like.
Zero sub-genius.
Just tap, clap, break bar.
Break bar.
Break bar.
Break bar.
Break bar.

Break bar.
Break bar.
You have signed the application.
Welcome aboard.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Welcome aboard, Bob.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Welcome aboard, Bob.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.

Welcome aboard.
You are listening to the sub-genius radio ministry hour of slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to gotyourpencilreadyBob.p...
807.
Glen Rose, Texas 76043
That's Bob Beobox.
807
Glen Rose, Texas 76043
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
Thank you, Bob.
...as an alien smuggler.
And by U.S. Force Miniature Nuclear Weapons Warehouse.
Some of the mini-mag, the pocket thunder, the baby neutrino,
and many other fine pocket-sized nuclear weapons
that fit in your pants pocket stand.
Any questions?
Any rags, any bones, any bottles today?
Oh, yes, the little girl there in the back.
Are we going to have a quiz on this?
Oh, the quiz that they'll give on this
will come on Judgment Day, my friend.
They'll say,
Did you not attend the subgenius devival in July of 1999?
Well, yeah, Lord, but I was just, I mean, it was just a show, that's all.
Playback the tape.
He laughed at the jokes made at the expense of me,
the Lord God Almighty.
What shall we do with him?
Throw him into the lake of fire.
Oh, yes, Lord, please, throw me into the lake of fire.
Just whatever you do,
don't throw me into subgenius hell
with all those naked people
and that party going on down there.
Oh, so that is his greatest fear, subgenius hell.
Throw him into the blackest pit of subgenius hell.
Yes, Master, yes, Master.
Praise God!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
And I'll grant you this much.
If I die and find myself going through this tunnel opening up into a vast light
and this new awareness that I was just too good to even believe
that just solves everything and is perfect,
well, great!
I'll be pleasantly surprised.
And by the same token, if I die and I'm just dead and that's all there is to it,
well, likewise, you won't hear me complaining then either, now will you?
And, you know, actually, friends, there probably is a side two to this tape we call life.
If Bob remembers to flip the tape, so you better make your tape a good one so that he wants to flip it,
he might just decide to erase over it, record something new over it.
And if I die and I go to hell,
I'll be like,


well, that'll prove to me the existence of Satan.
But not God, dear friends.
God, I think, can do just fine without my help or yours.
Now, many people don't think so highly of God.
They think God is like some little child who needs the help of those illiterate human believers
or else he'll just try up and blow away like Tinker Bell
if the kids don't applaud loud enough and believe enough.
Oh, God's gonna die if I don't believe enough.

Well, I'm sorry, friends, but is God really like Tinker Bell?
Is God such a wuss that he's more scared than I am?
If I was God, I'd be a lot more impressed with the ones who take responsibility for their own fuck-ups
and build their own ships.
Are we then to understand that when Bob says we must learn to pull the wool over our own eyes,
that he's merely omitting an insidious form of God,
an insidious form of self-delusion?
Is he saying that we shouldn't even look for the truth?
Is Bob saying, like Heisenberg did forty-odd years ago,
that we can never know what the hell is really going on?
I think not.
Bob, however, is cognizant of the fact that besides the shabby little lies we feed ourselves from day to day
as we struggle to cope with technoboredom,
we're all being force-fed a gross pablum of half-truths,
sensationalized statistics,
and propaganda by a vast monolithic network operated by and for the conspiracy.
Through such deception, the conspiracy is daily cheating us all out of our life essence,
our money, our health, and most important of all, our slack.
That's right, our slack.
They draw it off like vampires in the night.
They are pulling the wool over our eyes. Constantly.
Bob is saying if we must be lied to and cheated for reasons,
let us do it to ourselves for our own reasons.
Let us realize where the real deceit lies.
Let us have a choice in how we're being screwed.
Some ways are fun.
For many of us, there is no physical escape from their clutches,
or any hope of it until the exes come and the followers of Yahweh One prevail.
But until that day,
the power and wisdom of Bob
can help us break their mind control
by activating that mutant gland that we all have within us.
This allows us to control our own reality,
gives us the clarity of perspective to be able to sit back and look at it all,
and I mean all,
and simply say, fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Then and only then will slack begin to drop gently like a soothing dew into our tortured lives.
After all, it should be every person's choice to curse God and die
if that is what they wish.
We all have the right to spit in the eye of the collective gods, did we not create them?
Where indeed would Yahweh One be without the human race to torment and pester?
I'll put it to you, the old chiseler would be pretty damn bored with it all
if there was nothing more entertaining than cherubims and seraphims
and numby-pumby flaming angels sitting around up there on damp clouds
and arcing and trumpeting all 24 hours a bloody day,
and you can bank on that.
Why should we be any different to that?
Why shouldn't our lives be more entertaining and more real
than any glowing three-color phosphor image on the television screen?
Why shouldn't we grab reality by the throat and shake it until it does what we want it to,
until once again we find slack?
Just as the primitive firewalkers of Solon can deny a reality in which fire burns
and thus paths unscathed across white-hot stones,
so can the subgenius deny the existence of a world without slack,
without the false prophets and the pink boys.
All it requires is faith, faith in Bob and faith in ourselves.
Are we not the dreamers of the dream, and is all that is within that dream not ourselves?
Life is no more than a brief illusion, a flickering real-time movie in the theater of our minds,
and if you don't like the way your movie is going, perhaps you better ask yourself why not.
After all, it is your movie, and despite what anyone else may have told you,
you are the director as well as the protagonist.
So, don't come up to me saying,
Oh Reverend Stang, I spent my thirty dollars, I went to the subgenius show,
I saw all the preachers, heard all the bands, but I didn't get slack.
Where's my slack? Give me my slack.
My friend, if that's the way you're thinking, then you never heard anything Bob said.
You never understood a word he wrote in the book of the subgenius,
because the day that we can sell you slack,
is the day the conspiracy has won.
You make your own slack.
Bob is not the answer, but neither is anything else.
You must learn to think for yourself,
but only Bob can show you how.
Question authority, or else, and fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Praise Bob.
Tell me somebody.
Good night.
Einstein, secret architrains.
Mildred, chef.
Be on the soft side.
If I don't get you on more of this world, I'll see you on the next one.
And don't be late.
Praise Bob.
Oh shit!
Remember the I as in the X.
Let's hear it one more time!
I, I, I, I, I.
I'll do it!
But one doesn't listen long before a little warning signal goes off inside that says,
Watch out.
Sometimes it's hard to pinpoint the precise error,
but the language, the pure language of heaven is missing.
Something says, look out, this guy is fishy,
cultist or someone with his theological wires crossed.
It's almost like listening to someone who knows only a few words of English
but soon they're rattling off in a completely unknown language
when they haven't even been to kindergarten spiritually.
We eat more, drink more, play more and do less to earn a good living
than any other people in history.
We have at our fingertips the world's greatest music
and I might add a lot of its worst
else the cultists would have no following.
We are a people grasping nervously, sometimes almost hysterically for more.
I know that I know that I know that I know that I know
that I know that I know.
Whenever we read the obscene stories, the voluptuous debaucheries,
the cruel and torturous executions,
it would be more consistent to call it the word of the devil.
Demons.
There are little eyes upon you and they're watching night and day.
With a vocal and activist minority ready apparently to burn a bomber's seal of kills.
For more.
And most incidentally are in their teens or their twenties.
And that's Bosch and Piffle, I'll tell you that.
They dwelled in caves, not high-rise apartments.
They may not have found a key to affluence, but they found...
an endless supply of dope, uninhibited sex, an endless supply of money.
Free access to the distillery, I suppose.
Ah, yes, the harvest.
You can count on that.
Or kill for more.
Why, friends, we could feed another nation with our garbage.
What more than a space hogger on Earth?
Is the church of...
A-pfft.
Sub-
Sub-
Sub-










I don't know.
But how many of you are really genuinely intelligent?
Bang.
Are you blaming God for atom bombs?
Atomic warheads?
Don't.
I don't know.
I only know that it will signal the end of time.
Why?
Bang.
Bang.
Bang.
The past blotted out.
And the future assured.
Ah, yes, the harvest.
Don't listen to it.
Don't listen to it.
The Earth, yes, you can find help.
You can be deprogrammed.
You can find out the truth.
Bang.
It's a deep meaning thing.
It's a hell in it.
Bang.
I know you're a dumbass.
You don't have to go to bed.
They force you to sleep on boards.
You must get the device.
No.
No, you don't.
They put me in a damn class.
And it's no witness going on.
No.
I'm the mom fucker.
I listen to the power.
Since I won't write, now you stay in the house.
But you and your self-geniuses came in.
They took all my furniture.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm one of those people who sold it to buy me this neck brace
that I can't take off now.
And they said it was a living being.
And that's what happened.
And I just think people should know.
They're trying to shut us up.
But there are some genius dissiners.
There are .
Don't leave me here.
You've got to believe me.
They make me say it.
Don't leave me here.
They torture me.
They murder me.
They make me say it.
Don't leave me here.
They torture me.
They kill me.
They make me say it.
They make me say it.
They torture me.
Don't leave me here.

I walked back up to the grassy knoll again
and started heading back down.
I left that group of wacky xenos and the gazebo
and the sod busters museum and that wing ding nut flanger
on the accordion.
Well, I just didn't know what to think, you know.
Coming up here, hanging around with the grass and the trees,
it's just natural.
But these people were talking different,
and I don't know.
I'm just interested in sitting around
and picking my nose and spitting and stuff like that.
Well, it just made me think an awful lot.
I thought, golly, my head got big,
and, well, I never knew I had so many ideas.
I began to think about writing them down
or taking some pictures or getting a tape recorder
or something in them things,
but I know I didn't want to mess with them.
I just wanted to be natural, you know,
sitting out here with the old rocks
and watching the clouds roll by.
But that old stranger with the accordion,
why, he made me feel a little different.
I kind of got excited.
Well, I liked it a little bit.
It never happened like that before.
Suddenly, I began to reflect on my whole life,
why it was like a rock or...
or a rock.




A polka.
No, my life wasn't like a polka.
But here it was again, and God almighty...
Hiya, mister!
How are you, little fella?
