ık
Commentivo
denken
Run. Get out of here.
Save yourself.
The tapping of a blind person's cane,
an ancient symbol of mystery and dread.
Yet what is the mystery about blindness?
By the tens of thousands, we, the members of the National Federation of the Blind,
are living ordinary lives every day.
I'm an air traffic controller, have been ever since the big strike
when they really needed people bad.
Unlike other controllers, I've received a reputation for remaining calm,
even when my planes disappear from the screen.
I don't see what the big deal is.
The NFB has really helped me out.
Better get back to work.
For further information, contact your local chapter of the National Federation of the Blind.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry,
our radio.
The film is shown to you not only for the benefit of your own personal good health,
but for that of your entire unit.
Lights out.
Some of the things that you'll soon see are highly spectacular.
But let me assure you that they are authentic in every respect
and are dramatic proof of the excellence built into your subgenius.
Now, see for yourself and take what you find here
and put it to work.
I am authorized to assure you that so far there is no reasonable cause for alarm.
Cover yourself with wet newspapers and lie still until the blast has subsided.
Oh my God.
Have no fear.
You will not be hypnotized.
You will not lose consciousness.
Nor will you be made uncomfortable in any way.
Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think
Bob?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
I think it leads to demon possession.
And the reason I come to that conclusion is because there's a warning on subliminal tapes right now.
And it says that when people watch this, the warning says that it can lead to seizures.
It's so new, it's almost too new to be true.
Kill, kill that.
And it prepares their mind for the slate-like impression, the imprinting of the true subgenius.
You know, by golly, he's absolutely right.
Wake up, puppet boy!
The farmer in the dell, the farmer in the dell
I hold the dairy, oh, the farmer in the dell
Well, Mr. White, let's listen to the song backwards.
Oh, I'm really intimidated.
I would kill mommy, kill mommy, kill mommy, kill mommy, kill mommy, kill mommy, kill mommy, kill mommy, kill mommy.
And now, Mr. White, do you have any comment?
The farmer in the dell is one of my favorite songs.
I was referring to the other lyrics, your lyrics, the subconscious lyrics.
Now, don't you think it's a little dangerous?
Dangerous? How? I mean, they're just lyrics.
Well, telling kids to kill their mothers.
Hey, now, wait a minute. We didn't tell kids to kill their mothers.
That was the artist expressing his own personal feelings, no one else's.
Besides, no one takes that stuff seriously.
It could happen.
It could happen? Well, sure, it could happen.
My molecules could line up with those in the chair and I could fall through, but it's very unlikely.
All right. Perhaps we should draw on a more direct example.
Now, how about this selection?
Yankee Doodle went to town riding on a pony
Stuck a feather in his head and called it mother.
Oh, yeah.
All right. Sounds harmless enough, but now let's listen backwards.
Why steal when you can kill?
Why steal when you can kill?
Why steal when you can kill?
Mr. White, you're telling kids to kill.
Oh, come on. That was a rhetorical question.
I don't see you defending us for discouraging thievery now.
Now, you're just trying to lower shoplifting losses, which proves you do expect subliminal messages to have an effect on listeners.
Oh, that doesn't prove anything.
What it proves is that I don't like you.
I've got a friend who's a salesman and he listens to subliminal tapes.
One of the areas that they use them, though, a lot is in children's books.
And Shel Silverstein writes a lot of pornography, but also he writes a lot of children's books.
We must stop it. Mankind hangs in the balance.
It's just crazy enough to work.
Kill sex.
As some people think, oh, this church, they think, oh, this church is subgenius.
Subgenius is a joke.
A funny joke.
Well, if it's a joke, it is the joke you had better believe in.
The joke you have to take seriously.
But people say, who is this man, this man Bob?
Many don't believe in Bob because they don't have enough faith in themselves to believe there could be something as good as Bob.
He's too good for them.
He is, you've heard the traveling salesman jokes of ancient mythology.
They are based on this historic person.
We've gone in search of historic Dobbs, and as you've seen on that video, there is no question about him.
But the important thing that people miss is that, well, by the name subgenius, you might be able to guess this if you thought twice.
Bob is not smart.
He is not the greatest salesman in the world because he's smart.
He's lucky.
As Bob said, I'd rather be lucky than good any day.
Now that makes sense to me.
So it's not intelligence, but just sense that we're after.
Common sense, sense of humor, and dollars and cents.
Oh yes, there's some out there that have been studying up.
There's a Bob on my mudflap.
There's a Bob on my hood.
There's a Bob on my rear view.
And it sure makes me feel good.
There's a Bob on my dashboard.
There's a Bob on my trunk.
There's a tiny little Bob head on my steering wheel.
And he drives when I'm drunk.
I said, Bobface.
Bobface.
If you're like me, then you'd like to see that Bobface every place.
Bobface.
Bobface.
If you're like me, then you'd like to see that Bobface every place.
It says, Bob on my license plate.
It says, Bob on my bumper.
I got a tiny little Bobface on my battery cables when I need a jumper.
There's a Bob on my mailbox.
There's a Bob on my street.
I even got tiny little Bobfaces tattooed on the bottom of my feet.
I said, Bobface.
Bobface.
If you're like me, then you'd like to see that Bobface every place.
Bobface.




Bobface.
If you're like me, then you'd like to see that Bobface every place.
There's a Bob on my shirt.
There's a Bob on my tie.
There'll be a Bobface on my gravestone when I die.
There's a Bob on my wallet.
There's a Bob on my cap.
There's a little smiling Bobface on the place I like to crap.
I said, Bobface.
Bobface.
If you're like me, then you'd like to see that Bobface every place.
I said, Bobface.
Bobface.
If you're like me, then you'd like to see that Bobface every place.
One more time, sing it.
Bobface.
Yeah, you hope I'm fast, yeah.
I'm a awesome singer through everything.
Yeah.
You hope I'm fast, yeah.
I'm a awesome singer through everything.
Yeah, when you're all so high, you think about the noise in the high.
Where is there the time to shine?
You know it.
Yeah.
You hope I'm fast, yeah.
You hope I'm fast, yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.






take it easy,
The colors are wrong.
The colors are wrong.
nude Arizona contest.
Oh.
This is supposed to be,
I thought this was
a cut her in half here.
Oh, jeez, Dave,
this is a chainsaw competition
that follows, you know,
led by the feminist
raincoat brigade.
And, uh,
the fact is,
it's too late.
But if you're not fat-brained,
and if you're thinking
from the rear end of the rain,
wise up.
The Subgenius Show
has the only answer.
So, uh,
we're going.
Oh, God.
What does it mean?
Oh, God.
Play old rock and roll, man.
Let us see what...
Hello, friends,
and welcome.
Tonight's sermon
is entitled
The Love of Bob.
The Love of Bob.
That's L-U-V-U-S-O-V.
And I mean by that
the greatest of all love.
I'm not talking about
that love you see on TV
or in the movies
or read about in the back section
of the magazine rack.
I'm not talking about sex.
If you don't already know about sex,
you're in the wrong church, friends.
Go to one of them
non-industrial churches
if you're afraid of sex.
Everyone here should be experts
in intercourse.
But we don't want your mind, friends.
Here at the Church of the Subgenius,
our heads are big enough as it is.
No, what we want
is your money.
And we don't want your money
for ourselves.
No, no, no.
We want it
so that you won't.
That's right, friends.
There's nothing wrong
with having money.
J.R. Bob Dobbs' very own words said,
in money we trust.
No, friends,
the problem is wanting money.
Like the good book he says,
the love of money
is the root to all slacklessness.
See, a lot of folks think
the saying is
money is the root.
But that's just
disinformation, friends,
put out by the conspiracy
in order to confuse you.
It's the love of money
that loses you slack.
And believe me,
if there's one
subject in the conspiracy
wants to confuse you with,
it's the desire for money.
Because it's that desire for cash
that fuels the conspiracy
and enslaves 99.9%
of the human race.
And yes,
even a few unwary subgenius.
You get so wrapped up
chasing those pieces of paper around
that you're too busy to see
the conspiracy has got you
wrapped around its little finger,
heart, body, and soul.
You're so busy working for money
that you forgot money
you're supposed to be working for.
You're supposed to work for you.
And that's the good news, friends.
There is a way out of the rat race
through the conspiracy money made.
There is a key.
There is an answer.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs
has often thought aloud,
life is a game.
And you can play by their rules
or you can play by your own rules.
But if you play by your own rules, friends,
you can always get away with cheating.
That's right.
See, the conspiracy
has got you trapped in a trap.
You're going around that monopoly board, friends,
in circles, hoping to pass gold
and collect that lousy $200.
You're just trying to last
until the end of the week, friends,
trying to collect that chintzy little ass paycheck,
praying all the while
not to land on someone else's property,
especially if they have hotels.
Yes, sir, after that happens a few times,
it's game over now, isn't it?
That's because they've got you
playing by their rules.
But why not make up a few of your own rules?
It's only fair.
Why should the conspiracy
get to monopolize all the laws?
It's supposed to be a democracy.
Hell, you already got free parking now, friends.
What does that tell you?
And we know how good it feels
to land on that free parking now, don't we,
when you collect that big pot of money in the middle?
Yes, sirree.
But do you think they, the conspiracy,
would let you enjoy that little bit of slack deliberately?
Hell, no!
It was J.R. Bob's job's idea.
And it paid off.
It pissed them off so much
that they expressly forbid the practice
in their rule book.
I kid you not.
Look it up if you doubt it.
You know what they, the conspiracy, say should happen
when you land on free parking?
Nothing!
Nothing at all!
That's right!
It's just supposed to be free parking.
Like a day of rest, Sunday, to pacify you.
So you'll calm down and then go around the board
for another week
and put up with the conspiracy bullsh-t.
Well, friends, that's not good enough now, is it?
Hell, no.
That's not how Bob Dobbs plays the game.
And that's not how you have to play it either.
But some of you out there are probably wondering,
and you're thinking aloud,
Father Joe Mama,
how come Bob's changed that rule for us,
but he hasn't changed the other rules?
Well, friends, I'm glad you asked that.
Because Bob wants you to think for yourself.
He doesn't want to rule your lives,
but he doesn't want the conspiracy to rule it either.
He wants you to rule your own life.
And that's why he's giving you a hand
instead of a hand
out.
Like Bob Dobbs said many a time,
you can lead a man to slack,
but you can't make him use it.
He doesn't want to lease you slack.
He wants you to own your very own.
The next rule to break is up to you.
Imagine the possibilities.
Why not agree that when you land on someone else's property,
you give each other slack?
No fees, no fines,
just good neighborly hospitality.
Or better yet, make the state pay the fees.
And abolish taxes while you're at it.
You can do it, friends.
You make the rules.
Remember free parking?
The possibilities are endless.
Now instead of trading going around the block,
you're actually looking forward to it.
Now you're having fun with the game
instead of the game having fun with you.
Now instead of minding the masters,
you become master of your own mind.
Now instead of being a board player,
you're chairman of the board.
Now every time is your move.
Now you're using the money
instead of the money using you.
Bob turned around all this a long, long time ago, friends.
He also learned that it takes money to make money.
That's exactly what he wants to do now.
Take your money so that you can make more of it.
Show the conspiracy that they no longer have charge of your charge card.
Take it out.
Take it out of your wallet right now and cut it in half.
Send it to us, friends.
Be sure to include both halves.
And also avoid cutting it vertically there.
You don't want to damage the Mad Max strike.
We'll burn that sucker for you.
I promise.
Or better yet, just send us cold hard cash.
Or sign checks.
We'll even fill them out for you.
Hell, we don't care about the money.
You think we'd be the first church to pay taxes if we cared about money?
No.
We only want to show the conspiracy you don't care about money.
In fact, I'll personally make sure that money is not spent on anything tangible.
That number is on your screen.
Send that money in and praise Bob, baby.
I'll be right back.
I was sitting on my porch swing the other day
When a woman and a dog came a-walking my way
There was nothing and a straining at the end of the chain
When she yanked it over to the side of the lane
She said, come on, Rover, won't you do it for Mom?
I jumped off my porch and screamed out of my lawn
It's no dog bathroom
No dog bathroom
There's lots of fire hydrants for your dogs and more
Use your super duper poopy scooper out in the park
Right now
Right now
Right across the road you find the forest of trees
Perfect place to wander with that bag of slaves
He can water the plants and mess on the grass
But if he comes around here I'm gonna kick his ass
Cause it's no dog bathroom
No dog bathroom
No dog bathroom
Yeah, it's no dog bathroom
You wanna empty that dog you better find some other place
Yeah, it's no dog bathroom

guitar solo
I was dozing in my backyard
the other night
When I heard a collar jingle
somewhere off to my right
And I felt something wet
trickle over my face
And I heard a voice whisper
from out in the street
It said, come on, Rover
won't you do it for Dad
I jumped up and screamed
man, you're driving me mad
cause there's no dog bathroom
No dog bathroom
No dog bathroom
No dog bathroom
Well, the next time your dog
haunts you over my lawn
I'm gonna gather up his goodies
and as soon as he's gone
I'll put him in a paper bag
and follow him home
I'll sneak up on your porch
and when I'm sure I'm alone
I'll set that bag on fire
and ring your doorbell
When you stomped that out
I'll be laughing like hell
Cause this is your dog bathroom
Your dog bathroom
Your dog bathroom
Well this is your dog bathroom
Do you want to after that dog
You better find some other place
Do you want to after that dog
You better find some other place
So I got lost the woah ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh woah ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
If you're not careful, stick to your teeth.
You smell like a native for a couple of weeks.
Down in France.
Something's happening out here.
Down in France.
That's where it was.
Listen, I smelled it.
It went way on down.
And then it smelled like way on down.
That was down in France.
Ooh, smelling funny now.
You've tried beer shampoo.
You've even scrubbed your way from honey to wheat germ.
And came so close with egg shampoo.
But at last, the secret fragrance of France is imported to America with semen shampoo.
European women have been using it for years.
And now it comes in a sanitary bottle.
Yes, semen shampoo.
Nothing can quite give you that life-giving shine.
That manageability, that natural must.
It draws men like sharks.
Why not give semen a shot at your hair?
Semen shampoo.
Ask for it by name.
I mean, if you're gonna be on the show and you're gonna talk about the show, you gotta be real loud.
Alright, what have you done to the family?
I'm gonna turn on the vacuum cleaner here and clean up the studio.
No, Doug, put away the vacuum. I know how to handle birds like this.
Oh, okay.
Oh, okay, yeah.
There we go.
Good.
Clean up everything.
Oh, look out.
It's Dr. Dossameter.
He's the chief of the
You should see the beautiful studios at KNON.
We're staying at this show in Texas.
Yeah, this place is kind of antiquated.
Those oxen downstairs turning that beam around provide the motive power for our, uh...
I mean, the towels, the towels in their gym are bigger than the carpet in this room.
We've got a bunch of ape-like creatures pounding rocks downstairs.
That's the laundry wing of the...
The KPFA, the station that was so poor it had to take in laundry to stay on the air.
The hoof, the focus on the locusts and the whammy.
The
Now, let's go over that again.
You say you saw some sort of monster?
Come, come.
This is the 20th century.
We've put a man on the moon.
There are no such things as monsters out there.
Or are there?
I'm afraid that's not good enough on this one.
Okay.
Yeah, this planet doesn't go in for things like that, mister.
Ha, ha, ha.
I guess we'll have to try something else out.




Yep, yep.
Nur, Lebik.
Guess what?
We did it.




What are we doing here?
Well, we're on a hill so we can see the river dear.
And we're in the woods so city lights won't interfere.
While we watch.
Watch what?
Watch the race.
What race?
The submarine race.
Oh.
You want to march the lamb?
Walk like you see the stars.
I like Bob.
I can tell you.
This is such a perverted nation.
I like Bob.
Nobody wants to listen to me.
I like Bob.
I like Bob.
Well, Lorenzo, you think that's great.
I try to tell everybody what's going on.
They won't listen to me.
Well, to tell you the truth.
And you know what?
I can't stand it.
I'm going to die.
Bob loves Lorenzo.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
My dad.
You got the dog?
Take care of him.
You like Bob?
I like Bob.
It may be the end of the world.
It may be the end of the world.
Don't stop for a thing.
It may be the end of the world.
It's a peaceful space.
It's a peaceful space.
It's a peaceful space.

Yes, Bob?
Yeah.
Why us?
Well, first get your lines over this side, Bob.
Now, listen, both of you.
To begin, you both know what our energy situation is.
Of course.
The last drop of oil was drained out of the entire planet way back in the year 1998, wasn't it?
Yeah.
Besides his own exaggerated humor,
Bob still who can't make his own way.
There was a time when none of us knew the life, wellness, and gun graphics that we haveロ
were there still alive to signify the beginning of the entire galaxy's life.
He hadn't Fauld famous skill set in the 80s.
A dis Hinterglaug Tech is now an art new technology.
He brushing away cryptocurrency and Phil Ubik impression that God is taking it easy.
不要像 enslaved Diablo-man You know, those famous words about manifesting





まる
But even if we're trying to make be equal, the choice of a mission is all point in
Man and machine know Chairman Lenny An kindly calliveness.
On July 5th, 1998, at 7 a.m., the Exists shall make a mass landing on this planet.
The children of Bob shall be rewarded at this foretold rupture, this day of judgment,
when all those who paid their church dues will be lifted up in power and glory to gain new homes and bodies aboard the pleasure saucers of the sex goddesses.
All the while watching the hapless pinks twitch and bleat and wail in the death throes of their world.
The last drop of oil was drained out of the entire planet way back in the year 1998, wasn't it?
Fissionable material for any nuclear energy is almost gone.
Fossil fuel is exhausted. Wind and tidal energy is neither dependable nor sufficient.
And our last hope, energy from the sun, hasn't worked out the way we hoped.
Not quite.
You know that back in the 1970s, we started to investigate the possibilities of oil in the south polar area of the sub-frigid zone.
Yeah, but we failed. It was impossible to reach whatever may have been there if there was anything to begin with.
That's true.
After all these years, we're trying again.
We are.
Two weeks ago, we started drilling. We're drilling at this very moment for what could be billions of barrels of oil.
Our technology is advanced.
Improved to where we think we may have an even chance of success.
In the south polar area?
Why are you telling this to us?
What's that noise?
Where do you come in?
By the front door, like everyone else.
After all, it is a private restaurant.
I'm told they have a new chef.
Yes, who specializes in preparing seafood.
Yes, exactly. A little expensive, but it's worth every cent.
I think whoever was in that plane has gone.
I think we can continue.
Now, to answer your question, where do you come in?
The SSC is sending you both down there to report on whatever progress we may be making.
They...
They are very much aware of what we're up to.
Their noses are out of joint because of it.
Their noses are out of joint because of it.
Their noses are out of joint because of it.
Their noses are out of joint because of it.
They...
They...
They will stop at nothing.
Absolutely nothing to prevent us.
That and something much more serious.
Which is?
The sub-frigid ice sheet, as you well know, covers over five million square miles.
How thick it is, how deep down it goes is anybody's guess.
Anything that would cause that huge continent, that solid block of blue ice, to slip, to break up, to disintegrate, would mean the end of all of us.
Wouldn't it?
Wouldn't it?
But all.
The way it probably happened 20,000 years ago.
The last ice age.
Any slippage of the ice sheet, any breaking of this tremendous mass of mild, thick ice, would result in gigantic tidal waves all over the globe.
Which would cause sea levels to be raised to what?
40, 50 feet.
We estimate hundreds of feet, maybe even thousands.
What would happen to our cities?
I suppose most of them would wind up at the bottom of the sea.
It's only the beginning.
As these gigantic blocks of ice keep rushing to the north, melting almost not at all, their white, snowy surface would reflect solar energy back into space.
And the entire atmosphere around us would be chilled way down below the freezing point.
Way, way down below.
Yes, but Dr. Burns, why would they consider doing anything like that?
I mean, even if they could make it happen, they'd be out of their minds.
They would consider it, Bob.
And they could make it happen.
And would consider it, Bob.
They would consider it, Bob.
Don't forget that Bob has come to, uh, has prophesied the end of the world July 5th, 1998.
Okay?
When most Americans will have hangovers, but it's not just for the Americans, it's for everyone in the world.
I didn't hear that!
Yeah, right.
That is why...
I'm gonna start smoking again.
Yeah, start smoking, start drinking, and live it up.
Start fornicating as if you're very life-dependent, Ollie.
But this plan will succeed only if conditions are just right at the appointed time.
Otherwise, dark forces of antiquity will be awakened from their slumber of eons
and rise again from Atlantis to rule our world in their sizeless grip.
These primordial elementals, the Elder Gods, have countless demonic and interplanetary minions
carrying out their unholy schemes.
They even control Bob's own evil twin brother, Dick Dobbs, the Unclean One.
With all his powers, could Dobbs really be defeated by these beings?
Ah, but you must not underestimate the conspiracy.
Its weapons are so insidious, even the human conspiracy leaders are unaware of them.
The fact that the conspiracy itself is ignorant, that it is a conspiracy,

gives it such control over our minds that the very thought becomes unthinkable.
You cannot think about your own minds!
That's part of the problem.
You cannot think about your own mind.
You cannot wash soap.
You cannot see your own eyes.
You cannot run from your own legs.
You cannot hide from a superhuman guy.
You cannot hide from a guy who's burying you.
He's burying you in all reality!
Help me somebody!
She ain't got no legs, poor little thing!
My legs are on fire!
The bovinity and temerity of the human mind itself does all the work.
The evil ones may just lean back and watch the little humans march gladly, even proudly, to their doom.
They would consider it, Bob.
They would consider it, Bob.
And they could make it happen.
There's not enough space on this globe for both them and us.
Yes, but wouldn't that be the end of the world for them, too?
Not by a long shot, Bob.
Unfortunately for us.
Your job, my friends, is to prevent this.
If you can, my friends, is to prevent this.
If you can.
Ironically, his mission will not be to sell Earth, but to prevent Earth being sold and transformed into a kind of Stuckeys in space.
To prevent this.
If you can.
Not by a long shot, Bob.
On point.
Meantime, JJ, you have a nibble at the end of your line.
Pull it in.
Slowly.
Slowly.
Oh, it's a big one.
Hold onto it, JJ.
Careful.
Here it comes.
Look at the size of it.
Oh, what a beauty.
Wait a minute.
Don't, don't touch it.
Why, what is it?
Fastened onto its side.
Look.
A tiny microphone.
No, no, no, it's too late for the amyl nitrite.
You see where you classify your import as a snow creature.
That's right.
Well, it's necessary that we clarify that.












It's immigration status.
Immigration status?
I don't understand.
Well, the question is, is it a beast or a man?
Well, he's not human, if that's what you mean.
Very soon, the most horrifying monster menace ever conceived will be oozing into this theater.
From then on, there's no stopping the mob as it spreads from town to town.
It's indestructible.
It's indescribable.
Nothing can stop it.
How can it be stopped?
Mob hysteria sweeps one city before a lot of people.


The meine reputationましょう was followed by newspapers and the age of Zionist propaganda.
Casual flips and things like that.

To think of how a revolting malepitia evolved in theCHEIT T chancellor, you ask me.
And to me, you know you Hwoo-Hwoong 10, and I don't know, it was over 10,000 years ago.
22 years ago, the назад, anti-democractive leader.
No matter who you are, who you are as a woman, it was always Hwoo-Hwoong 10.
Not just anything, былаительism was incredible.
Female-dominatory spectrum.
And lastly, John Ph 000.
He was at the Italian industrialghittoour in thegangue ofnya.
I wonder why he would do that when he lived in oxycontin.
Just let it ring.
Okay, yeah.
I was in the apartment at night.
I never knew what I asked for.
Oh, now it's ringing.
It's ringing on the television.
This is the show, the West Coast report.
I said, who's at half past three?
Who's awake over there?
Is anyone there?
And a few hours later, Wes replied to me.
I think Stang's curled up in a bath somewhere in the other room.
Man, he's hard to wake up.
So, did we torment your sleep?
No, not really.
We didn't tweak you into wakefulness when you wanted only safe, serene slumber.
No, no, no, no, no.
Nothing like that.
Oh.
Well, okay, we won't blow the police whistle then.
Okay.
And we'll turn the color down on the picture here.
And we'll stifle the Boeing machine.
Is there anything in particular you need to know?
Well, we wanted to know just what the schedule of events was, so we're all going to drive
out to New Orleans in time to talk to George and see about how many subgeniuses we can
get into the White House and other places before the end of the show.
I knew the convention was going to be held.

I knew it was going to be screwed up, but I just thought it was going to be like, you
know, screwed up Yeti style, but it turns out it's screwed up conspiracy style.
Well, how many conspiracy dupes does it take to screw in a show?
Ah, yes.
In the Church of the Holy Rotating Cow, we're talking to New Orleans, and we're talking
to the giant subgenius convention at which no one is awake.
Look at those thousands of people on the convention floor.
Except your hostess.
They seem right to see us.
Well, the people who are here are Stang, Lillidog, and George.



They're hyperclites.
Pope Sterno.
Pope Ster- don't Pope Ster- you gotta hit him.
Captain, are you prepared to start your landing?
Okay, but we're in.
Everyone get into this gravitational acceleration couches.
This isn't landing.
It's very comfortable.
Oh, there's an icky stain on my arm.
See, the one that was supposed to be for her turned into you, young.
We are preparing to touch down on planet KZP Delphoi IV.
This planet is a little bit more of a mess than it is.






This planet orbits an M200 class star.
It is the third from its primary.
Extending anti-gravity.
Okay, here we go.
Okay, caller.
We're down.
Wait, wait, no, no, I called you, right?
Yes, yes.
Okay, we're clear of the launch pad now.
All right, gentlemen, who wants to be the first to step off on this new world?
I'm starting a propellant.
Did you ever see anything like this air down here, JJ?
Never, Bob.
I'm not sure.









It's the first time in my life I'm able to see the air I'm breathing.
The reason we finally figured out why we have so much technical problems with this radio
program, I went outside the studio today for the first time and there's nobody else here.
It's been abandoned.
No.
Yes, really.
No, I've never left since the first show, so I can't tell.
I just see the faces and the walls changing, but...
Oh, it's all gone.
All the machines that used to give the news, they're all gone.
There's no more news now.
No, there's no news anymore.
The only thing that's left is...
Oh, it's gone.
...an empty filing basket and some coffee machines.
That's all?
You can get the news out of the coffee machines.
There are strips of yellow paper hanging out of the Coke machines.
Right, you can get the news with sugar, without.
You can get creamy news, right?
Population reports are coming through the coffee machines.
That's right.
But other than that, there's nothing, nobody left here.
Nope, nope.
It's just an empty studio.
We do have an engineer in there.
Hi, Earl.
Yeah, he's sitting at the train.
How you doing?
Yeah, yeah.
I can hear you all.
That's wonderful.
Good.
That's encouraging.
Well, great.
So can all our dear friends out in the outside world.
The outside world.
Coming to you from this abandoned warehouse studio tonight, as we have been for some considerable
length of time now.
Well, it's only like in this decade, right, that people have really gotten themselves
connected electronically like this.
So we could be talking about the fact that we can't exactly hear all of us, and yet the
people out there can hear us, and he can hear us, and they can't.
I mean, that's far out, right?
Mm-hmm.
I mean, putting these mushrooms over your ears, and trying to find out who you can hear.
I was told last night about a show of pre-Columbian art that's going on at the Metropolitan
Museum in New York, in which there are a number of pre-Columbian mushrooms, speaking of mushrooms,
set up in a small glass case with little pre-Columbian people fast asleep and dreaming underneath
them in a little Alice in Wonderland setting in the museum.
They have now popularized art, you know, in New York.
No, really?
Yes, yes.
They have it in decorator colors.
Yeah?
And in movie stills.
And so you can go in, and all these little film fantasies are available for you with pre-Columbian statuary.
In mason jars and Catholic boxes.
Real art.
The opportunity to see real art so it looks like fun, right?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
So, you know, when I used to go to the art museums in New York, all I could dig on was the guards, because they seemed to me to be the most artistic thing there.
You know, all the same color, kind of like moving statues, like moving art.
They were as still as the paintings, but somehow older, if you know what I mean.
You work all day or you sleep all night?
Yes.
Yes, you do, right?
And that's a heavy breakfast for a man.
What do you do?
I'm a digester, a professional digester.
A professional digester?
Yeah, he works over in the brood, he used to be in the brood combs, I believe, but he moved down to the honeycombs now, you know, right down there, the security first national honeycombs.
Yeah, that's when I was with the two little women, but I had to give that up.
You did, huh?
I'm living alone now, yeah.
And working all day and sleeping all night.
Yep.
It's a good way to make a living.
Sounds steady, at least.
I'm going to have a vacation in about 20 years.
Yeah, 20 years?
I'm looking forward to it, I've been saving it.
That's weird, man. 20 years is a long time, isn't it?
To me, it means nothing. My days and my nights are all confused anyway.
Where are you going to spend this vacation?
Well, I have plans. I'm going to go to church.
No, we'd like to know exactly where you're going to spend it.
I'm going to do the Fustik Church.
Fustik Church.
Yes, the Gautams religion, you may have heard about it.
No.
Yeah, well, they just sit in there, they're all little Indians and they eat all day, sleep all night.
That's a vacation for you to do that?
Oh, a vacation, it's a paradise.
Right.
Now, wait a minute, the pause, the pause that we had just then, now wait a minute, is that the pause that happens when you go into Echo and don't say anything?
Is there a delay? Is there a delay?
No, senor, the trains are running on time, they are just not running in your direction.
Unfortunately.
Am I late for the train?
Which train did you have in mind, senor?
The train of thought.
The safest milk train doesn't stop here anymore.
You can't get out of it by pausing. It's like...
No, you can't stop music by just...
stopping.
The pause that regresses.
There's another way. It requires not thinking.
Relaxing one's mind.
Ripping off.
Meanwhile, the crowd that packed the slopes of the amphitheater, from the distinguished spectators on the marble podium to the mob beneath the gallery,
music was growing louder and louder.
Strains of music accompanied the show.
There were occasions when a hydraulic organ was played, but the musics may soon have been lost in the savage hubbub produced by 45,000 maddened sportsmen,
each bellowing his delight or dismay as he watched the varying fortunes of a different pair of duelists.
Some of the spectators' cries have come down to us.
Hobbit!
Hook Hobbit!
Verbina!
Ure!
Whenever a man dropped, St. Augustine relates, the whole mass of fiercely attentive spectators gave that glance to a general roar.
...guest brand's the Coliseum, one of the wonders of man where a lot of good times have taken place over the years.
There was a man who...one of the senators...
Actually, the treasurer.
...the treasurer of the tribune spoke at the Coliseum last week, uh, uh, Tharoideus, I thought you might be interested in this, uh, actor, actor Jameis Stewardess, uh, hopes, hopes, uh, policemen will continue to do their jobs against lawbreakers, whose only excuse is that they are doing their thing.
Uh, Stewart presenting an outstanding policeman award to a member of the wheeling West Virginia department.
October 15th told...now this is an amusing anecdote, he told...this has been pretty boring up to this point, but now it gets good.
Go ahead, would you, Professor?
...told an anecdote about a youth who burns down a, a bunkus, a bank, burns down a bank and says to the judge, I was only doing my thing.
Well, now, here's the funny part.
The...
Now, you'll love this.
The judge then sentences the youth to serve a term of 5,000 years in jail.
Judge, the youth asks after hearing the sentence, do you call that fair?
No, I don't, says the judge.
I'm just...
doing my thing.
I'm just doing my thing.
I didn't know where it was at.
I'm just...
Oh, ho, ho, ho!
Well, I golly, Stewart...
Oh, you got us back into it, Phil.
Jack the Ripper, the Boston Strangler, and Hitler did their own thing.
And in view of this, the 62-year-old actor continued, all I can say to the law enforcement societies of our society is, I sincerely hope you will continue to do your thing.
And I urge everyone to help you.
That's correct.
Six people know to be dead.
It's 10 o'clock.

All right.
Okay.

















I was standing across the street and I heard a loud boom.
I saw a Dutch cloud moving from the back of the store towards the front.
It blew out the storefront window. There was about 20 to 30 people outside.
Under the canopy, heavy rains were falling. They were there to stay dry.
They were engulfed in a cloud explosion.
We're standing at the next entrance. The entire structure came down on top of them.
Cinder blocks. Steel beams.
I saw a man sprawled across a car.
He was covered up by cinder blocks.
A woman in a hole of cinder blocks.
Her arm was wedged up between a parking heater and a steel beam.
I saw a man in a hole of cinder blocks.

I saw a man in a hole of cinder blocks.
He was covered up by cinder blocks.
He was covered up by cinder blocks.
He was covered up by cinder blocks.
Closed ass.
Steph's door was opened.
I didn't hear
upcoming CORPS
building noises.

First you grow a froth plant
And you pick it when it's ripe
You dry it up so fine
You stuff it in a pipe
Do the pop face boogie
Do the pop face boogie
Do the pop face boogie boogie
Do the pop face boogie boogie
Till you get slack
Light it up so slow
And then you lay back
And take a big long fall
And then you get slack
Do the pop face boogie
Do the pop face boogie
Do the pop face boogie boogie
Till you get slack
I'll be right back.
The Regional Commission itself admits there is no biological justification for Jerry Brown zigzagging across country moving north as spring came.
He herded, wrestled, and behorned cattle.
He went on to say that the earlier comparison to tobacco and alcohol was a disaster and that he felt badly about having contributed to that.
Dr. Carlton Turner, who works for the government analyzing the chemical content of pot, told of finding more cancer-causing agents in a marijuana cigarette than in tobacco.
Dr. Sidney Cohen, Director of Marijuana Studies at UCLA School of Medicine.
Dr. Sidney Cohen, Director of Marijuana Studies at UCLA School of Medicine.
told the NBC audience,
it's entirely possible that youngsters who smoke lots of good pot over long periods of time
support a constitutional amendment to require a balanced federal budget
except in times of emergency such as war.
He cited a UCLA study which proved that smoking just five marijuana joints
has the same effect as smoking of a Big Mac, French fries, and a chocolate milkshake
the Communist Daily Worker and the Soviet Embassy in Washington.
I'll be right back.
Dr. Sidney Cohen, Director of Marijuana Studies at UCLA School of Medicine.

Normal, the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws,
has campaigned for easing, if not actually eliminating, restrictions on sale and use of pot.
But now Keith Stroop, Director of Normal Express, is worried that young people underestimate the danger in psychoactive drugs
and he cautioned against making marijuana a habit.
I've talked to many young people who defended pot
and were able to quote all the statements ever made about the harmlessness of the weed.
Somehow, they never seem to understand the importance of marijuana.

They seem to have heard the other side.
Never heard, for example, that marijuana contains 300 or more chemicals
and 60 of those are found in no other plant.
70% of daily protein needs, 60% of niacin, 50% of calcium, 50% of phosphorus, 45% of vitamin B12,
30% of iron, and substantial percentages of other dietary requirements.
I'll be right back.
Yes, here.
199 shows on the air.
199 shows.
Nobody listens.
Nobody cares.
199 shows on the air.
What it proves is that I don't like you.
Yeah, no kidding.
I know exactly how it feels.
I'm going to break in here real quick.
Just, you know, there's this Oingo, for you Oingo Boingo fans out there,
there's one song of theirs that does have back masking.
Subliminal?
And I've always wondered about it.
This afternoon, just before the show, I thought, I'm going to check it out,
flop it on the four track, on the bottom two tracks, tracks three and four.
Put them on that, flip it over, so that three and four become then one and two backwards,
which backwards sounds like this.
Backwards.

Backwards.
Backwards.
Backwards.
Backwards.



Backwards.
Backwards.
Backwards.










That's what Oingo Boingo did.
When they got their chance to do a big back masking, they went in and praised the Lord.
Uh-oh.
Backwards.
Backwards.
Backwards.
Backwards.
Backwards.
Backwards.






I'm your boy and you're my girl
And we're the most over in the whole damn world
I can see us both and we're holding hands
On a couple of bucks of golden sands
Slack Talk
Slack Talk
Yes, dear friends, this is Slack Talk.
Actually, Slack Talk by CUD.
Uh, you were just listening to Frank Zappa,
long instrumental there.
Dear friends, we're getting an inordinate amount of calls tonight
from people who, uh, apparently are listening to the hour of Slack
for the first time.
Slack Talk
And, uh, and are wondering just what this is.
Well, why it's the voice of the church of the subgenius, dear friends.
You know.
And if you don't, uh, we're gonna give you a post office box
to write for free information from.
You got your pencils ready?
And we'll give this again at the end of the broadcast.
Uh, free information on the church of the subgenius from Bob
at P.O. Box 140306
Dallas, Texas 75214
That's post office box 140306
Dallas, Texas 75214
Slack Talk
And, uh,
Slack Talk
We started off with Federation for the Blind by Kurt Kursteiner
with the subliminal intro media barrage, uh, put together by Nancy Regalia,
Reverend Ivan Stang, that's me, ha, uh, Arnold Mathis,
Puzzling Evidence, Byron Werner, and Bob Hall.
Um, subliminals interview there by Daughter Prell,
Ivan Stang live in St. Louis,
Bob Face Every Place by J. Period Erickson of Glass Madness.
And, uh, we continue with...
I don't see any submarines.
Oh, I see some.
I see some subgeniuses, though.
It's, uh, old, rare, fire sign theater tape.
A tape of their radio show from the late 60s broadcasts on KPFA, I believe, ironically enough,
which also is where the, uh, the other subgenius show is broadcast from, KPFA and Berkeley,
with Puzzling Evidence, Dr. Howell, uh, Gary Grogfran, and them other bad guys.
Oh, what?
Yeah, everything's okay.
Okay.
Uh, yep.
That was Nancy Regalia they were talking to,
who also threw in quite a bit of the Meteor Barrage material,
along with Arnold Mathis,
who sent the Bob and the End of the World, uh, radio show to be continued next week.
Uh, I believe we also mentioned, uh,
the sermon by Father Joe Mama,
The Love of Bob,
and Greg Keeler did the song No Dog Bathroom.
This behind us is, uh,
Cinderblocks in Brownsville by Onan Kenobite.
