That's right. There's no respect in the subgenius world.
Anything you say goes into the ether, and it gets captured by whatever medium is available.
Most of what you say goes on the magnetic tape, unfortunately.
Copyrights are null and void.
All copyrights null and void, the judge is a subgenius.
I don't recall.
The worst stereotypes about subgeniuses have come out of these hearings.
The information revealed in these hearings has tended to reinforce all the negative stereotypes that people have about subgenius.
This is just a high-tech listen for subgenius, brother.
For nobody's subgenius.
Yes, dear friends, the Sully and Love Corpses and I will get it together somehow or another.
It is going to be one of those shows, lots of music you haven't heard,
and lots of whatever we come up with at the last minute.
Yes.
One of those Panicsville shows.
Oh, no.
You say Claus ought to be here by now, Didi.
He's always on time.
Oh, Tim, what will he say and what will he do when he finds the one?
The subgenius.
Our house.
What?
Here you go.
Oh, look at that.
Wow, the caller's been trained. That's wonderful.
That works out for me.
Yes, we have better equipment.
We have...
A whole radio station.
And we can do anything we want.
And often do.
But, Dr. Howell, why?
Why what, my boy?
Why must you humiliate me in public like this?
I didn't mean to humiliate no one, son.
But, caller, that's his job.
I'm not even actually present.
But if I were, I would not humiliate you.
Dr. Howell is a friend of all humanity.
His humiliation exists.
The only thing that matters to me is that you're a good person.
And you know, son, modern electronics can reliably count small numbers of electrons down to a single particle.
So if one electron is ripped from the outer shell of each atom, then the electrons are counted, the number of atoms will be known.
And then lasers can be used as versatile and efficient guns for knocking electrons out of atoms.
Only the method is not in the least bit selective.
Heh heh.
Heh heh.

Yes, it is.
Select gun now.
If one climbs the food chain and loses all threats to existence, does he wither?
Cooperation may also be an evolutionary strategy, perhaps of our genes, to increase their concentration in the gene pool of humans.
And are we not the constructs used by those at Galactic Center to learn of the universe and bring back a recording in 2012?
I'll be your host here.
As you sit in traffic.
Hey, wait a minute.
I haven't given control of this thing, no.
Oh, wait a minute.
No, listen.
No, I'm scheduled to go on at this time.
I'm sorry.
I'm your regular disc jockey.
I'm sorry.
Who are you?
Who are you?

Who's this guy?
I'm taking over the station.
Is there any doubt?
No, I'm Mr. Troy.
No, I'm Mr. Troy.
Callers, is there any doubt?
No, I'm Mr. Troy.
Hey, we've got a problem.
I'm telling you guys, I was taking over about an hour.
No, no, no.

If it is a good recording, i.e. makes sense, works, is efficient.
It'll be a miracle.
Such as a gene for sacrificing oneself to let live two or more fertile phenotypes carrying that same gene.
But we constantly, and in best human action typically, diverge, converge, merge, emerge, as new under the sun, but not new under the sun.
Yeah, that's right, dear friends.
Nothing new.
Nothing new under the sun.
Except that this is the all new subgenius hour of slack.
Unmatched.
Which means it's almost as good as the competition.
With incredible design simplicity.
Costs cut to the very bone.
Foolproof operations.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
Micro-processors controlled.
However, the church of the subgenius and KNON are not responsible for fractures of interdimensional energy.
They are responsible for the lack of conventional consciousness, cellular, oral incontinence, nor personal violence resulting from close contact with the macroverse of pain and retribution, which is this show and this church.
Remember, always sit at least 25 feet away from your receiver for maximum subliminal penetration.
We remind you that recording the subgenius radio ministry is a federal crime punishable by a fine of not less than $10,000 and a minimum prison sentence of not less than 15 years.
Reproduction by digital, cassette, wire, video, heliograph, xerox, or interocitor recorder is forbidden by law.
Right?
Yeah, I know you heard me.
I know you heard me on that one, dear friends.
Bob Haywood.
Bob?
How?
It was an accident.
Bob kills pigs dead.
Bob kills pigs dead.
Bob kills pigs dead.
Bob kills pigs dead.
Bob kills pigs dead.
Bob kills pigs dead.
Bob kills pigs dead.
Kill him.
Bobミagел
Kill Big Dad, kill him!
Kill Big Dad, Bob!
Kill Big Dad, Bob!
Bob!
Friends, Bob does kill pinks dead.
I'm afraid he really does, and I've got proof of it right here.
In fact, it's the proof that we've been waiting for all this time.
I'll let the Reverend Gino Saad's music run in the background here
while I read to you this amazing clipping we got
from a member, a subgenius minister in England.
Reverend Annie McGrath sent us her change of address
and also a photocopy of this article,
this completely straight and dead serious article, friends,
from the...
The Bedford on Sunday Times.
All right.
No, I think I ought to do this without music.
From the Bedford on Sunday Times,
and it's got a photograph printed here.
It's a picture of a wall on which is spray-painted Bob's face,
a nice stencil of J.R. Bob Dobb,
with kind of crossed bones underneath it,
and then hand-sprayed on.
It says, Bob is slack, a standard subgenius graffitis,
that one sees, you know, in most major cities,
and a little caption underneath,
Bob is slack, not the innocent graffiti it originally seemed to be.
The headline is,
Satanic sect shows its face.
And the best part of this is the date is July 6th, 1992,
the day after X-Day.
That was the day that this article appeared,
just by coincidence, perhaps.
But these...
These folks are serious, I believe,
and they say here,
a secret religious sect,
which claims to have conjured up the Gulf War,
is infiltrating Bedford.
What was thought to be a harmless pavement graffiti of a man's face
is actually a sketch of the sect's founder, Bob Dodds.
That's Bob Dodds.
Now we know his real name,
who now calls himself a high priest.
The magician...
The magician's genius is a sect from America,
which is growing in size in Britain.
It is believed the main target is adolescence.
The sect's doctrine and practices are mainly unknown,
but members did claim to have conjured up the Gulf War in February 91,
according to the Independent newspaper.
I'd sure like to get a copy of the Independent.
The word slack, used under some of the stenciled art,
is a description of a power of the human race,
lost thousands of years ago.
Slack is a power...
which maintains the tranquility of the race.
What? They got that part right.
The artist, or artists responsible,
have not been found.
It is a clear sign there is an active unit of the sect
operating in Bedford.
Followers hold believers' meetings in their homes
and during the day,
carry out normal, everyday jobs.
God.
The sect concentrates on supernatural powers and beliefs which
other Christians,

and denominations,
term as satanic and evil.
Bedfordshire on Sunday reported last week how the face of Bob
was peering up from a number of pavements across Bedford.
The design is used to publicise the image of the sect.
In other adult comic magazines,
the symbol is printed in the small advertisement section,
asking people to send one pound for more information.
A man who said his identity as a follower of the sect must be kept secret.
He said,
quote,
This graffiti is intended to grab people's attention.
The design slips into your subconscious
and will emerge when people learn more about the sect.
Oh dear friends,
I have been waiting for 12 years to get a clipping like that.
And of course we've run a thousand copies of it.
It'll be a part and parcel of all membership packs from now on.
It's proof, dear friends.
It's as good as the time the San Francisco Chronicle reported that the Macintosh virus
was a result of this evil sect started by this J.R. Bob Dobbs,
who was unfortunately assassinated and killed.
See, it's in news, it's in print now,
that Bob Dobbs was a man who was killed in January of 1984.
What they never bothered to print is that he was resurrected about six months later.
But well, we, that's,
another part of the story, friends.
What on earth?
Someone left the radio station on.
I'll just sit down and broadcast for Jesus.
Now you know that Yehob in the old greasy book
was turned into a pillar of coal by Jehovah One
because he pisseth against the wall.
And when they were done,
it so happened that came unto them
the fishers of Three Wallets,
who were the Abhog Eye.
And they moved into the land of Grunthor,
where there is Bdilium and the Onyx Stone.
I hope you like this story, boys and girls.
If you would like a free picture of me in compromising positions,
write to Aunt Bertha,
dial a picture,
Box 1, Grand Rapids, Michigan,
848-445.
And if you want to know more,


Goodbye, now.
Goodbye.
Hey, what?
That flash, that light.
It disappeared.
What was that?
Well, it was somebody in here.
It kind of looked like just a flash of light
shaped like an old lady,
but that organ music.
Hey, is this ever corny.
What the heck's going on around here?
Yeah.
Now get that organ music off.
You know, it's almost that.
That's KPFA.
Hey, you smell that old lady like perfume?
Where'd that come from?
Oh, yeah, a little bit of Dr. Howell and puzzling evidence there from the KPFA Berkeley Subgenius
Show.
It's so nice that they send us tapes of that show, and when the Swingin' Love Corps is cut
off, I can cut them on again because they too send those tapes.
And speaking of tapes, I've got this amazing little piece of tape.




I've got a little piece here to play for you that we just got from Hell Pope Huey.
Hell Pope Huey, who now lives in Arkansas, used to be a Houston radio personality or
anti-personality, and he's done this collage about, well, one of our favorite personalities.
Not too long ago, we got a letter from a listener going, when are you guys going to recognize
the greatness of Rush Limbaugh?
Yes.
A subgenius listener was a big, big fan of Rush Limbaugh.
And I mean, he's a serious fan of Rush.
He doesn't just like Rush Limbaugh the way some of us do as a sort of a scary clown figure.
No.
No, this guy wanted us to quit pussyfooting around and get on the air and explain just
how truly great, what a great man we felt that Rush was.
And I think that this tape by Pope Huey has a great, great influence on our lives.


And I think that this tape by Pope Huey has allowed me to let Rush speak for us as to
how that works, dear friend.
So stay tuned here for a lovely, lovely moment of truth.
This thing is like 15 minutes long, and I haven't heard all of it myself.
Oh, yes.
The excitement of the hour of slack and its death throes of living panic.
Oh, yes.

And I think that's what's going to be the most exciting part of this.
I think it's going to be a great, great moment of truth.
I think it's going to be a great, great moment of truth.
Here's what I know.
The radio is in the hands of such a lot of fools.

I don't know how this idea has taken hold, but it is damn scary.
Well, it was just a montage about right-wing radio.
Let's make it a full-fledged educational experience.
It's a beautiful thing.
I just want to say that I've been really good to myself, and I'm going to keep doing it.



And I'm really getting high on myself, and I really like what I'm doing.
One, two, three, four.
But pride welled in his breast.
I built a little empire out of some crazy garbage called the blood of the exploited working class.
But they've overcome their shyness.
Now they're calling me your highness.
And he thinks he looks good to you.
He thinks he looks good to you.
I know what's going on. That's really the whole thing.
Hey, what's going on here?
That doesn't sound right.
It doesn't sound fair.
Desperate, pathetic, tired, worn-out old guy.
If he answers because it's wrong, you know you're on the right track.
This may be the biggest thing that's ever happened.
It's the biggest thing that's ever happened in our time.
We're facing a new form of life that nobody understands.
When...
When man must be famous.
He thought he was incredible.
Incredible!
You poor man got your head screwed on wrong.
No, I'm sure that wasn't done before the accident.
Uh, but don't count on it.
All kinds of terribly distorted, perverted strains of logic.
Swallow it. Swallow it.
Do you think it's safe?
Oh, sure, Dad. Go ahead.
Swallow it.
Okay.
Everyone makes mistakes.
He didn't understand the stupid question.
Many people can't send their kids to college or retire comfortably.
Oh, yeah, Rush T. That'd be great.
I love it when we screw up the works.
I love it when we screw up the works.
If you think this company's bad, I've now displayed all I get for it.
Witness Rush Slimbaugh's prostate suddenly blow up to the size of an Army surplus weather balloon.
What a riot!
Well, you're supposed to love me, you vile jelly. Take that.
I can't believe it. Created a monster.
As I like to rush, you're not beautiful.
I am the epitome of family values.
I'm ready.
So much insistence in that family, even the bulldog's got a club foot.
Toothache. Cold sores.
The sex.
Backaches.
Bad breath.
Perspiration.
Smelling.
Palsy.
Gurgles.
Spillover.
Water on the brain.
Sinus congestion.
Epilepsy.
Arthritis.
Fever.
Dandruff.
Dirt.
Pneumosis.
Epidermolytes.
Club feet.
You got it made.
I did.
I'm sorry. I shot at you.
Deadness pain immediately.
There's some dangers here. Some bad signs.
Not everything we say is always true.
That goes tough on your LV's part.
So we'll have to throw you out the window.
And people like, well, you.
And others who are complaining loudly that what they're seeing they don't think is objective and fair.
Well, I think I should be kicked in the upper lip with a steel tip toe cap. Don't we, girls?
Yeah!
What?
What?
We laughed over it.
The ladies, we laughed over it.
Anyway, punch me in the mouth.
This may be enough to make me lose my cookies.
Nothing.
Who's going to listen to that?
And when they do, how are they going to feel?
Well, I don't have to think about that.
You do.
There's no found but I recall he did it a spanking.
He did it a spanking.
He did it a spanking.

Nyeh-nyeh-nyeh-nyeh-nyeh-nyeh-nyeh-nyeh-nyeh-nyeh-nyeh-nyeh-nyeh-nyeh-nyeh.
Some people need to be mashed under a large rock, man. You're probably one of them.
Alright, get snide and snippy about that, huh?
Huh?
God bless America. My home.
The meltdown.
The meltdown.
Is all that good Mr. Rory's food.
Whether you're a...
Your favorite is hyena tongue or tail, you'll enjoy it even more at a Mr. Rory's Arizona Bay Hyena Tribe drive-thru.
See your phone book for the one nearest you.
They can get me out of here. Why did I agree to this format?
Becoming victims of very, very high, uh, high profile, very high energy con men. No question about that.
They say he's got a special gift.
But I don't envy him at all.
Golly, folks, can you believe this?
What are we to do?
I'm a sa-kwap-dee, kwap-dew!
You should just carry your soviee pile, pile, right in the girl's pants.
From your heart, Adolph, tell me this. If you had it to do all over again, would you have stayed a paperhanger?
If I may be bold, who's bitching about that?
Turn around and kick your neighbor in the crotch.
It's not a...


It says I got the wrong attitude.
I should see the chap and get straight with Jesus.
Never, ever allow yourself to be ridden...
Too much smoke a minute.
Too much smoke a minute for me to be fine.
I learn to hate at every minute.
I'm a little bit of a...
Enough of a potential insult.
Golly, folks, can you believe this?
No, no, no, a little more humanity, please.
Here's the mail today, Bunky.
Looks like your top's again.
You always get a bundle, don't you?
You know, it's surprising how many people write them poison pen letters these days.
It's not just a pleasure to behold.
It also satisfies the soul.
And...
Local residents are wearing a frown.
While the noise they try to track down.
But the mysterious Hummer remains a real bummer.
Till they can miticize Hueytown.
They were idiots.
Butt heads, butt heads, butt heads, butt heads, butt heads, butt heads, butt heads, butt heads.
Oh, I'll never get the vanity.
Sleeping with the enemy, you know.
I just don't know much of anything.
Maybe I ought to be shot point blank in the stamper tonight.
And what is good for this country.
And we see the constitutional rights of little people being trampled by a faceless government bureaucracy that's out to promote its own ends and expand its own power.
Hmm, and does that rhetoric sound familiar to anybody?
This makes total sense to me.
I don't know where you get your delusions, laser brain.
Yes.
Are you suffering from information overload?
Are you suffering from information overload?
Are you suffering from information overload?
Are you suffering from information overload?
Are you suffering from information overload?
Are you suffering from information overload?
Are you suffering from information overload?
Are you suffering from information overload?
I am, I am admittedly frustrated and I don't do this.
Are you suffering from information overload?
How do you rate your embarrassment response?
A, hi.
B, hello.
C, good evening.
If C, you are loosening up and will soon be ready for this.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.

C mañana bate.

Let's make it a full-fledged educational experience.
And the voice never fails to sweeten the stomach and open the bowels.
Things kept going from bed to voice, but we all put our shoulders to the wheel,
and it wasn't long before I was flat on my back again.
Any questions?
It isn't very pretty, what a time to be happy.
But it wasn't a dream.
This was a real, truly live place.
And I remember that some of it wasn't very nice, but most of it was beautiful.
You never know when someone may froth at the mouth.
Whether or not they're right or wrong, it's great to hear someone froth at the mouth, right?
There's a breakthrough, and I think I recommend it to others.
Other parents who are potty-training their children.
Ah, yes, you're starting to get it.
Eh, no.
Oh, good, good.
No.
I believe that God can put you in the right place at the right time to hear exactly what you need to hear.
You can take those records and run them backwards, and you hear Satan talking on there.
Right, you know I am right.
Hello.
This is God.
Now, I don't like these things any more than you do, but you know, frankly, I don't have time to keep track of everything that goes on around me.
I've got a whole universe to deal with.
Imagine that.
I bet that surprises many of you people.
A complete imbecile!
I don't want to be that!
I can weave it all together, and it's always usable.
It's rotten. It's no good.
Boy makeup sets a terrible nail.
Oh.

Oh.
Huey.
Huey.

Where yesterday's psychopathology becomes today's middle-class youth culture affectation.
The prophets of a brave new world, captains of industry, have visions grand and great designs, but none have room for me.
I love it when we screw up the works.
I love it when we screw up the works.


I love it when we screw up the works.
Your proposition may be good, but let's have one thing understood.
Whatever it is, I am against it.
And even when you've changed it or condensed it, I'm against it.
Because this may be enough to make me lose my cookies.
In my way that I use you, do you think I really abused you?
On reflection now, it doesn't matter.
Only to be with you, I've done all these things.
Yeah, with you, the fat one, that's it.
You're a real jerk.










You're the fat one, and I wanna be with you.
What's this?
Nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh.
And when this punk kid finished his diatribe, Reagan said, well, you're right.
Quit.
Golly, folks, can you believe this?
No, you watch it there, buster.
Come on, Bullwinkle, let's get out of here.
We don't need to take any crap from this clown.
We're done.
I'm not going to make obscene phone calls again tonight, sir.
He's a big s*** boy.
As far as I know, sir.
Thank you for calling, you pathetic, cringing little milksop.
We gotta save this for the TV show.
Slapsticks.
Knee slappin', side splittin', rib splittin', gut bustin'.
Laugh, I thought I'd die.
I think all this is a crock.
I don't think anything's gonna happen.
I'm gonna go to bed.
I don't think there's any real differences here.
And I'm fed up with it.
It's piping hot and it tastes real good.
Throw out your hands, pick out your push.
Hands on your hips, get on the push.
You'll be surprised you're doing the French mistake.
Voila!
Bunch of crap.
Amazing piece there on the other side.
The Rush Limbaugh Roast Collage by Hell Pope Huey.
And you know that took a lot of time, dear friends.
A long, long time.
And we just had someone call in a little while ago with a pertinent question.
A question which I can answer.
This poor child.
I know this sounds like a line you've heard on a subgenius revival before.
But this poor child actually called up and said,
well, she didn't ask if Bob was dead.
She said, Reverend Stang, is Bob immortal?
And one thing that our new book is going to do is clear up a number of misconceptions.
And misconception number one is that Bob is dead.
That is an absolute misconception.
It's a lie.
A black lie.
Of course, they started making accusations that the inner circle had murdered Bob to get power ourselves.
And of course, finally, we had to tell everybody that Bob wasn't real.
So he couldn't be dead.
And since he wasn't real, he was immortal.
And that's a lot better than real.
And even Bob liked that one, friends.
But you want to know just how dead is Bob.
And you'll be glad to learn, if you've had the unquestioning faith before,
that J.R. Bob Dobbs is completely undead and undead for good.
You may already have heard that J.R. Bob Dobbs was allegedly shot and killed on January 21, 1984.
At the Victoria Theater in San Francisco.
You may not know that it happened again in Los Angeles in 1985.
In rural Arkansas in 1986.
In St. Louis in 1988.
And in Atlanta in 1992.
Now according to Dobbs' own account, after each bungled resurrection or assassination,
and or assassination, same thing in his case,
he was immediately dispatched back to hell.
But he repeatedly lucked his way out of hell.
Winning the Hell Gladiator Games, beating the devil at poker,
even digging his way to the surface.
Although he was re-killed and sentenced even deeper into hell after each breakout or reincarnation,
the daring escapes still proved humiliating to Satan.
When finally, Dobbs out-tempted Lucifer and seduced his wife.
Put horns on the devil, you might say.
It was the last straw and Bob Dobbs was banished.
Banished, dear friends, even from hell itself.
And since he was never baptized, of course, Bob has never been able to enter heaven either.
So there is nowhere for Bob to go in death now.
It is because Bob was killed so many times,
and yet is banished from all available afterlives,
that he now cannot die.
He can only wait around for X day here on earth with the rest of us.
At least, until he is baptized or Satan forgives him.
I hope that answers any questions.
As we like to say, friends,
curiosity killed the cat, but loathsome rituals brought it back.
Alas, dainty Palestasky does not fully understand the story now.
So far weeks gone by like fry tuff,
And which таких of fruits is more significant for sweet spoilage?
Or hatred?
Can we get to know the truth?
Let´s do 16 more requests before dounding Mobst powerfs.
¶¶
Friends, this music you're listening to, instrumental, called Bob.
It's the title of it, Bob.
Done by St. J. Condom, author of the great P-Dog comics
and many, many other fine subgenius pieces.
Co-author, in fact, of the Lee Harvey is a Friend of Mine song
that so many people love.
This music is on the Zombo Fropland cassette tape.
You'll have to refer to your subgenius catalog for that.
I'll give information on where you can get that at the end of the broadcast.
Dear friends.
Ah, yes.
Ah, yes.
But I think it's time for some more traditional music.
This is from the Rudy Schwartz Project.
Once again, Reverend Joe Newman, this time doing this lovely short tune,
An Orange is Nothing But a...
Juicy Pumpkin.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Nine-year-olds that kick you in the shin Toilet bowls with droplets on the rim
Leisure suits with polyester trim And an orange is nothing but a juicy pumpkin
Pepperoni pizza by the slice Ronald Reagan's gonads in a vice
Chinese food is nice with a bowl of rice And an orange is nothing but a juicy pumpkin
Shopping malls on Sunday afternoon Watching grandma vomit with a spoon
Margaret Thatcher squatting on a broom And an orange is nothing but a juicy pumpkin
Puffy skin infections turning red Making fillers slightly give you head
Hens that are dead rotting in your bed And an orange is nothing but a juicy pumpkin
Let our age equal Plum Kitty
La-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-laделa...
Flava Schmegma
Safia
Set it up, touch it, it's Christmas

Oh, cross financia
I want to follow a defines my life

Sandwiches with moldy Wonder Bread
Oral sex with Ellie, Mae, and Jed
Telling children that their mother's dead
And an orange is nothing but a juicy pumpkin
Scrambling on your eyeball with a pen
Giving gonorrhea to a friend
Scraping at a scab with a grill of pad
And an orange is nothing but
Yes, an orange is nothing but
Yes, an orange is nothing but a juicy pumpkin
Oh, amazing.
Yes, dear friends, and I have to be careful
What I play on any given...
Did I do that right? Yeah.
Any given old Rudy Schwartz project album
You do have to be careful what you come up with next
Wonderful stuff. In the background right now
Zooks Rift and a Joe Neff

A new movement of the Rudy Schwartz Project
Only I think this is on an upcoming
Zooks Rift album
We just wanted to let you know what you're getting into
You know, we have to be able to say later in court
That we gave you plenty of warning
I mean, but, but, but, what are you worried about?
This is just a joke church, right?
Oh, those subgeniuses are so funny with all their
Paranoid warnings and disclaimers
Well, here's one coming up
Here's a paranoid warning and disclaimer
By a German band
Called Ultimate Klingons
Their album The Cloaking Device
Actually, it's a cassette tape that was handed to me
At the World Subcon by Captain Nancy Darnell
Who is an American subgenius
Who's been living in Germany for a long time
And according to the PR she gave me
Uh, The Cloaking Device ist die Tarnung
Der Ultimate Klingons
Kontakt mit Arbeiderischen Humanoiden
Scalar Technology
Braintech Food Waves
And here's a good one
Erklärung der Illuminaten machen Schaffen
So, uh, and get turned off the winds
In the Church of Subgenius
Um, Bob Dobbs
High Epoch of the Church of the Subgenius
Über die See die
Dies Band, says Bob
Müd die während Wartung selbst übernehmen
So, um, Captain Nancy Darnell now is
And, uh, Ultimate Klingons from Cloaking Device
Will sing to you about the conspiracy
Them, they, T-H-E-Y
Huuuh
T-H-E-Y
T-H-E-Y
Are responsible for everything
T-H-E-Y




Huuuh
Huuuh
Huuuh
Listen and hear
Cookin' your goose
They're registering your life
For future years
Turn on the juice
Registerin' your life
For future use
The conspiracy's got its grips on you
They tell you what to think
And they tell you what to do
They got your gold to work
And mine's shit and stuff
Watch your TV and you never get enough
T-H-E-Y
Write it again
T-H-E-Y
Whoa, amazing!
The Cloaking Device there, dear friends
From, uh, from Germany
Americans from Germany, you might say
I'm gonna give their address real quick
For those typing illegally
That's, um, uh, nancydarnell
At brister
B-R-I-E-S
E-S-T-R
That's all one word
Seven
D-1000
Berlin 44
Well, now you know
And, uh, friends
You know, do you realize this religion
Has only been around for ten years?
We're just startin' out
We are literally just beginning
The Mormons have been around for a hundred years
And they only run one minor state
And a bunch of Indian reservations
It took Christianity a thousand years
To conquer the West
But look at what a small band of nerdy intellectuals
Was able to pull off in Russia in 1917
So, with radio, television, and thousands of computer geeks
Slavin' away for Dobbs
It shouldn't be long before the Church of the Subgenius
Is so big that even you would be afraid of it
As well you should be
For just as we can grow faster
We must be even more cautious than the Christians
We must not allow the word of Bob
To be perverted quite so drastically
And get away from us so quickly as that of Jesus
That's the scariest thing about this
You'd better be glad most subgeniuses
Are sloppy no-accounts and slackers
Lousy business people
Far more concerned with personal slack
Than with power or money
If we had it together as much as the Christians
Or even, for that matter, the O.T.O.
We'd be bigger than the Nazis by now
And it's so horrifyingly easy
To start a real cult
And manipulate a bunch of insecure zombies
And you know that knowledge
Has always fallen into the wrong hands
Now Dobbs, on the other hand
May have a better chance than Jesus
In not getting his message twisted
Bob is a salesman and not a lowly carpenter
And he has the advantage
He understands advertising
Now Jesus didn't really understand selling a concept
Bob was a salesman
And was able to start his own marketing strategy
Not leaving it up to the followers
Now whether Bob is selling the same message as Jesus
Well, we'll just have to find that out on X-Day
But who else can you trust
When the rupture comes?
I mean, we'd be the first to admit
That our promises, predictions, dire warnings
And stuff sound insane
But what if they come true?
And that what if part
Of what keeps most religious people in line?
But what if hell is real?
That's the only thought that keeps most folks sitting in the pews
They don't really believe they'll go to heaven or any afterlife
If they were sure
They'd jump off a high bridge
As soon as they got depressed over bills or something
But no, they slug their way on through life
Just in case
Some subgeniuses may not believe
That X-Day is actually gonna happen
But they damn sure have that $20 message
And membership card in their pockets
Just in case, don't they?
But we understand, friends
You may not have the strongest faith
That X-Day will happen
But you're none too sure it won't happen either
You're just being smart
Staying prepared for either outcome
And that's why we say
Don't give away all worldly goods before X-Day
It might not happen
But leave some
Definitely leave some kind of paper
Legal paper stating that in case of rupture
Your property goes to your desired
Unsaved friends and relatives
And not just any old left behind Christian
Who wants to move into your now empty home
And besides
Will you even want to rupture
When Jehovah One throws the cosmic switch?
Oh, many would rather stay, friends
Since who knows what fate lies in store
Once back aboard that wondrous craft
Oh, you must know
You must know your destiny
So don't die without slack, friend
The end times can mean
Not only life eternal
But also a business bonanza
For those who are prepared
Manufacturers of Dobbshead talismans, for instance
Will find their profits quadrupling
In the upcoming wars
As more and more people, even the pinks
Find their only hope and solace
Amidst the destruction in Bob's face
The very emblem of the world's most powerful weapon
Of militant subgenius speciesism
The race of upwards spiral evolution
Are you ready to pass through the gates of opportunity
Perceiving the unsullied truth with no subjective bias?
Are you ready to do whatever Bob says
To swallow his every statement, hook, line, and sinker?
Even if he someday tells you that you
You must push the button that's on the line
And send billions of mostly innocent pinks
To their unbelievably painful doom?
Hey!
Now some may resist the possibility
That man's purpose may be
To do exactly what he is doing
Blindly pursuing his techno-madness
Until he wipes himself out
And causes a great cataclysmic planetary change
One of those cyclical rearrangements
Which the Earth goes through every few million years
Now mankind,
Through Bob,
Might be meant
To set off a nuclear holocaust
So terrible that even the mighty cockroach
Will be extinct
Leaving nothing alive but blind albino cave snakes
And those mysterious worms
That live where no other life can survive
Clustered, writhing senselessly around volcanic heat vents
In the deepest, coldest depths of the ocean
Only for the purpose, though
Of giving that lowly heat vent worm
A chance to evolve into the dominant life form
Maybe it's just the fulfillment of natural order
The dinosaurs got their time
The mammals have had their time
Maybe next time it'll be the arthropods
Who's to say?
Only Bob!
Only Bob can say!
But you can rest assured, my friend
That even if it is Bob's plan
He at least will still be around
Probably down there with his pants around his ankles
Happily humping away at a deep sea volcano
In the volcanic heat vent
Oh, will the pyramid of centuries then be in the end
Only a monument to the vanity of Bob?
Do you have any better ideas?
I'm so
I can see on the dawn of this morning
A new ray of hope for mankind
And your dead men they are marching
Allegiance to everything
A road split the highway to be young
And your young people are leaving
The candles like campfires
The darkness to walk in the sun
Your young men will follow your teachings
Now they know how much you've done
And they've heard all your tunes
And you've decided preaches
Now we know just what must be won
And your sweet white light
Flows freely and clearly
Come break the cloud while you can
And from a great circle
It shall not be broken
But playing the freedom of man
I trust your boldness

And it shall not set you off
In the face of the counselors

Let things set you free
A new Muchas
oh yes dear friends
Quicksilver Messenger service
finally an old timey
oh
Old-timey subgeniuses, I reckon they are.
But you know.
Every sound, like that cough, is just a new note in the ongoing Doctors for Bob album
that we're all recording right now.
We only sell little tiny sections of it.
Most people don't want to sit through the whole thing.
Unfortunately, we have to.
So give us a worst-case scenario.
I mean, what is your ultimate nightmare of the future of the religion?
I mean, we're open for ideas.
Oh, I don't want to hear about those words.
Actually, the worst possible scenarios that most people were giving were wonderful scenarios.
And I'm looking forward to a good scenario.
New Year's is going to be a great subgenius time because my good friends will be in town.
My sister Mary Squared, au contraire.
And Pope Sternodocs with his new band, Band of One.
And the heavenly Morphodite will be there with the wire.
Bob is coming, friends.
He's going to be using the wire.
So don't try to resist it.
It's the New Year's.
I don't know.
Because they'll be running.
I think they'll be underwriting some spots.
We'll go into that later.
It's sort of uncool for me to publicize something that I might make money off of.
So all I can say is it's going to be wonderful.
And we'll let you know as soon as we possibly can the whys, whens, and wherefores.
But, oh, yeah.
Yes.
And I should mention that it will be a sex party.
How often do you engage in unorthodox sexual practices?
I don't know.
Any Second Statement is not permissible in touchediemany dollar period,
First purposes are übrig.
Rather, that specifically applies to unorthodox sexual practices.
That's a все.
Se envy?
Are you in the right place of yourself?
Yeah.
I guess we could never see the end of sex thanks.

Oh, yeah, that's right.
Club No, friends up near Fair Park.
No, I can't.
But I can tell you that you're listening to the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack.
Oh, actually, what you're listening to, this song in the background, which just was forced to end,
was from Indian Rope Burn, a wonderful subgenius band in Ohio.
Ohio, Indian Rope Burn doing Sex Party.
And Swingin' Love Corps is probably doing the same thing, although we can't tell.
All the music you've been hearing tonight, with the sole exception of the Quicksilver Messenger service,
was done by your fellow ordained subgenius ministers, ordained in the Church of the Subgenius.
I'm about to give you the free post office box number to write to for information.
This is completely free information.
It would help if you threw in a self-addressed stamped envelope.
Just address that to Got That Pencil Ready?
Bob.
At post office box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again, that's box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
And before I leave, I'm going to play you a cover version.
This is a famous old song.
This is such an improvement over the original.
I've been wanting to play this for a while.
It's Rudy Schwartz Project from his Don't Get Charred, Get Puffy album.
Oh, you're going to love it.
The horrible thing is you'll be humming it for days.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Racklin' Rosie, get on board.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let's go.
Let's go.














Oh, I love my Rosie child
She got the way to make me happy
You and me, we're going in style
Franklin, Rosie, you're a store-bought woman
And you make me sing like a kid just running
Sing on your baby girl, the song keeps running
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Play it now, play it now, play it now, my baby
Franklin, Rosie, make me smile
Girl, if it lasts for an hour, well, that's all right
We got all night
To set the world right
Find us a dream but don't ask no questions
Oh, I love my Rosie child
You got a way to make me happy
You and me, we're going in style
Cracklin' Rosie, you're a store-bought woman
You make me sing like I'll give Josh Drummond
Hang on to me, girl, the song keeps running
Oh
