Somewhere in the forbidding tundra mountains of Lapland, high above the Arctic Circle,
a group of mining engineers were prospecting for copper.
But what they unearthed was a story.
A story that was to terrorize the whole world.
I'm in there and have to dig life with father, and I mean father Slack.
The Soft Kingdom of Power.
The Soft Kingdom of Power.
I am your beauty.
Lame-o, both of you are lame-o.
I know, I think you got it for the world.
The first group, I know they're behind Reverend Patterson or Robertson.
How do you know there's both of us?
How do you know there's not three of us being lame-o?
Each time he says it, he has to pay that.
Obviously, there's four of us being lame here, not two.
Both would imply a couplet.
Yeah, it's easy to say lame.
It's easy to say lame.
I can say lame.
Lame, lame, lame.
Lame, lame, lame.
The lamest show with the lamest callers.
So if you get really close to the mouthpiece, does that mean you can talk a lot more loudly?
I don't know.
But you can say lame.
Come on, say lame.
One more time.
Lame, lame, lame.
You're an adolescent and you overcompensate.
Oh, no.
How many cans of Red Bull have you had?
Adolescent.
Adolescent?
I'll have you know, I just reached puberty.
Hey.
I got four hairs on my nuts.
That's that.
Are you sure?
And just stop the show.
Hey, we're cruising now.
That's not what your mom said.
I should make jokes about flame over there.
Because we are cruising now.
Now we're cruising.
Thanks to that caller, we're kicked off.
We are cruising down the road.
I feel the wheels turning.
I feel the gears meshing.
I feel the phone machine.
I feel the machine.
Michael Poopy.
Because this is the last show of the millennium, folks.
Michael Poopy on the last show of the millennium.
Yep.
It is the last show.
The show is cooking now.
Have you noticed that?
There's a little smoke coming out of that box over there.
Oh, yeah.
Nice.
Eggs Benedict.
Smells kind of like Eggs Benedict.
Or you could think, some could say it smells like burning rubber.
Or electrical conduit.
In a state of hyperthermal activity.
But you know, friends, the real subgeniuses are the ones who literally, totally gave their brains over to Bob.
Now, that turns some people off.
That's why we're not maybe not...
We're a little faster growing than, say, the Scientologists or the Mormons.
But we're not there yet.
And I think it's a lot of times because people, they see these subgeniuses who are really into it.
And they're acting just wrong.
You know, there's just something.
But friends, you can't imagine how much those are the ones who truly, truly believe in Bob.
They have given their brains to Bob for good.
Forever.
They're never going to get those brain cells back.
And they don't.
They don't want them.
Those weren't the brain cells they needed in the first place.
But friends, you too can give your brain to Bob just temporarily.
You don't have to do it for all time.
Just say for tonight, you know.
Once you've been slack, you'll never go back, my friends.
If you could be slack for one Saturday night, you'd never want to be pink again.
And, you know, as...
Now, some people also question the church because of our track record regarding ends of the...
world happening every July 5th or not.
And as I've said before, are we going to let the Jehovah's Witnesses out-cook us?
Hell no.
But, you know, Bob has held these...
They're cull...
They're drills.
They're sort of culling drills that we hold every year to weed out the faithless from those who have faith.
And friends, here in the Church of the Subgenius, we have no faith.
We don't use faith instead.
We use...
magic.
But it's a special kind of magic.
The Bob's keys to magic begin...
His first key to magic is...
Get off your ass.
And his final key of magic is wash your ass.
And I think I'll let you worry about the in-between stuff.
We can't, you know, give away all our secrets for free.
But, you know, depending on magic...
is kind of tricky.
Because, you know, in a way, what you're saying is you're feeling lucky.
You know?
So I'm gonna go ahead and invest that money that I borrowed from my friend.
Because I'm feeling lucky.
Friends, when you feel lucky, you taunt the subgenius demon.
Which is called Nihigi.
You taunt him.
It's as if you're saying, oh, Nihigi, you are ineffective.
You can't hurt me. I feel lucky.
No, no, no. You have to get off your ass every now and then, friends.
I've been constantly...
and I hope dispassionately considering this very problem.
I have come to the unalterable conclusion that man is unfit as yet...
to receive such knowledge, such almost limitless power.
An invisible being that cannot be disintegrated by atomic fission.
That is our god.
That is a scientific impossibility.
There's your answer.
It must have been renewing its molecular structure from one microsecond to the next.
Trapped in your cage alone...
and three dimensions.
Take it down now.
Maybe if we reasoned with them...
Maybe if we reasoned with them...
A meddling idiot.
As always, Abe's brain could contain the secrets of the Krell.
As if reason would be the key...
They could hardly have understood what power would destroy them.
...the attack of the abyss...
Years ago, your comrades voted for...
They could hardly have understood what power destroyed them.
You know, I just don't think I've ever given me...
...a chance to be me.
...nothing but smoke and ashes, man.
For miles and miles, we found a stream and...
...well, I give this all pink.
Yeah, and it was slimy, but we drank and...
...where it moved, we cupped our hands and we took as much water as we could in...
...because our gills were already expanding and the mutations were starting to happen.
We knew it wasn't going to be easy, but we tried...
...all to have fun along the way.
Any way we could, our...
...our sensations were expanding.
Not much more. The pain was more...
...and so was the joy and the pleasure, so we...
...we advanced ourself along those lines.
He who thought unpleasurable thought was unfit.
He who thought painful thought was unfit.
He who was painful was unfit and was excluded from us...
...or else we would perish from our own suffering.
Gemma.
Gemma.
So, man, what are you people talking about?
What are you?
Somebody restrain on you.
What are you?
Eat one quart of milk in a heavy utensil.
What are you, dude?
Now we're on the show, we're milk for fewer calories.
Yeah, man.
Is this beat doing something for you?
Yeah, man, I'm swinging.
I'm starting to move, baby.
Hanging mighty low. Hanging low.
Did you never think...
...you'd get out of the devil on seat?
There are...
It's a killing...
How you doing there, boy?
...you?
...like a possible...
Sure, yeah, yeah. Okay.
Well, things have taken a much worse turn.
Look at them all.
Look at them all.
They didn't get paid.
They couldn't spin their heads around like that little papa.
We need to take a little...
...big ol' wad right on top there.
More recently, what if you had a shot at killing Hitler?
See, it's kind of a slippery slope.
Justifying premeditated murder.
Oh, yeah, sure. That's easy for you to say.
You keep saying that.
Saying premeditated murder. I don't believe so.
I don't believe you can...
Well, okay, I take it back. I do believe you can justify murder.
So now you have to kill me.
Under certain conditions, yes.
You're proud to kill me.
It's part of Cultstock, 2001.
Eli. No! You dropped your weapon!
Eli. Eli.
I have to say, Eli, like a dog. Like the scurvy dog you are.
I want you to let me kill someone that's...
Kill her!
Sure, yeah.
Kill them. Kill them all. That's what they say.
Kill them all.
Kill them all.
You got my baby!
There's Firebron.
It's a hard, hard work to blend so many different spices in your head, y'all.
Come back down on the flip side.
Because it's gonna be a groovy time here.
And smooow, smooow, smooow.
You know I can't refuse.
Build it.
And you?
I believe as I did before.
In theory, it should work.
Always theories. Jigsaw puzzles on paper. Aren't you fellows ever positive?
I am golden sliver. Look at my feet.
Only about doomsday.
Touch me, levitate now.
Only about doomsday.
Yes. I have the power in my feet.
Look at my carbogel toenails. Look at the fungus, it shines.
I... I...
Now I look down at you, see? And I can move around the room with a...
I think me an insect is not as...
Of doomsday, we are all too sure. Damn that man far.
Spend too much time with the stars.
You don't know anything about living.
The law of the jungle, the human jungle.
I do, I've spent my life at it.
It's coming.
You don't know what your civilized people will do to come here.

I don't know how to cling to life.
I do because I know I'd cling if I had to kill to do it.
And so will you.
We're the lucky ones.
The handful with the chance to reach another world.
And we'll use those guns. You'll use them, Doctor.
Yes.
To keep your only chance to stay alive.
Yes, I'll use them.
There it is.
I can see it.
There it is.
That's the glass.
My friends.
It's backwards, sir.
It is imperative that you listen closely.
I was in the cave painting these pictures the way we saw them on the viewer screen.
Why were you doing that, Johnny?
So in case you did wipe out the human race, there'd be some record of how it happened.
Go on, go on.
I need guidance, great one.
For the first time in my life, I am not sure.
You sound like a human, not a Roman.
Can you not verify a fact?
I'm bossy.
You're so bossy, you ought to be milked before you come home at night.
Calculate your chances.
Negative.
Negative.
Negative.
Is there a choice between a painless surrender death and the horror of resistance death?
Show yourselves.
I think you're just a big bully, picking on people smaller than you are.
Now I will kill you.
Raise, raise, raise.
Because I love you.
You've got to let me eat your brain.
Frankie, have you ever seen a human?










You were a-had unnatural urges?
Do you know the way to the Hershey Highway?
Do you know the way?
Oh, you make me sick.
So how'd it feel, girl?
Felt good.
Felt real good.
You want me to kill you?
Yeah, I would have.
Absolutely.
I had this big particle on my toe and I couldn't get off so I had to take a pair of pliers and I grabbed that sucker and I mentioned it all over.
What?
What?
Yeah, I had to grab them pliers and took them pliers and I-
Oh, Ivan, how you doing?
Oh, it's you guys.
Yeah, it's the show, man.
Do you have any pliers?
Yeah, I got some pliers for you, son.
Right here.
I got your pliers swinging.
Must be 5 a.m. there or something.

And we're on the last show.
This is the last, last show.
What'd you do?
Did you get up early or?
Oh, you wish it was the last show.
It's the last show.
What?
We don't have any more to do.
It's the last show.
It's the last show of the millennia.
This is the last show.
It's the last show of the old age.

But now the new old age begins.
The newage.
It's the new age.
Ever more infirm.
And Alzheimer's ridden.
We hobble on into the future.
That we do.
Yeah, you hob.
Hobnob.
Hobnob.
For this time, young baby 2001 is actually still just old man 2000.
What's that dripping sound I hear?
Is that you dripping?
The morphine drip.
Are you dripping wet?
No, I think that's just.
It's the morphine drip.
What time is it there in the middle, mid America?
Oh, here in the great salt mines underneath Lake Erie, 657 AM.
Wow.
So you don't actually feel the cold and horrible temperatures that other people are stuck with
there?
No, no, not, not.
Well, I would if I let down my condoms.


















I'd be in a concentration for a little while.
Yeah.
I know.
Like the Yeti.
I may wander naked through the snow.
Yeah.
I saw those pictures on the website.
Melting the snow before it hits you because of the radiant heat you generate with your
mighty brain.
Well, it's not my brain.
Actually, it's the mighty bowl of chili that I eat every hour.
Ah, yes.
To fuel them.
To fuel.
The huge cans.
The one ton cans being emptied at one end and the thoughts coming out the other.
I, I, I was one of the benefactors of the leftover chili.
I, I actually, well, Dr. Drummond, please, uh, uh, you are my mentor in this arena of
pyroflatulation.
Yes, it's an art form that some of us claim mastery of.
Some of us are still learning to be ascended masters and some are just...
I have often been burnt by the heat of your passing.
You quit your job.
You're an assassin, boy.
I've pulled you out of your mother and I'll shove you right back in.
Now, you get in that truck or you skedaddle.
Ha, ha, lackmachers.
Do you ever fantasize about being killed?
One question, Frank.
This guy's screaming in here.
You sure he's a dead cadaver?
Why don't you open the door and find out?
No, it's all right, Frank.
I'll take your word for this.
They report they can't use the flame throwers.
Can't get close because of the acid slime.
All right.
We'll take other measures.
Anyway, you're going to love this place.
It's a dynamite camping spot and it's got a pond to piss in.
Sniffing butts is probably more the articular science you would prefer.
Brushwood, not just X-Day, but the combination of X-Day, all M subgeniuses, and Brushwood itself,
the weird energies of that strange campground in Sherman, New York.
That sounds like an immune system deficiency.
It changes people.
Yeah.
It does change people.
It's an immune system thing.
I've witnessed that firsthand.
Well, there's also transitional...
People do things out there that they can't do.
Transdimensional drifting.
That they would never imagine doing in the world.
Have you noticed trans-dimensional drift?
Back in the world.
Have you noticed a trans-dimensional drift in some of the subjects or unsubjected ones
who are out there?
Perhaps floundering in the field, kissing a rocket butt or something.
The next thing you know, they've disappeared off the face of the groin.
I believe that there is a reason for that.
An explainable reason for that transference.
Explain it if you can, but I dare you not.
I believe that you will not.
Well, what I have to say would sound so ridiculous and so ludicrous to your ears.
Well, as if what we've been saying is true.




I think so far we're so erudite and clear.
It would almost guarantee disbelief, so I might as well go ahead and say...
Oh, so I believe everything you guys have been saying about Mojo's huge testicles and
the rockets coming out of his head and everything so far like that.
Well, many of us feel like we're on the wrong planet, sort of.
Ha ha ha.
You know, right?
Susie said right hemisphere, wrong planet.
Ha ha ha.
I see.
It's like a trans-dimensional gate or like a Zardo's plane.
Maybe.
Maybe we really are our system.
One second.
And we now live on what was Mars, only it is now called Earth by the conspiracy.
And in fact, to make it, they are trying to make it more like Mars, covered with concrete
or rock, whatever, concrete for now.
Painting the buildings red.
Poisoning the atmosphere.
Painting people's eyelids red as if they hadn't slept for days.
Exposing them to radiation and by taking...
Making them nitrogen and subcutaneously anally.
Recreating Mars here on Earth.
And yet Mars, they're secret.

Secretly planning to turn it back into the...
Into their special conspiracy hideout.
But it was our planet.
Earth, back to Mars.
Earth, the danglings of food and...
Back to Mars.
So few astronaut Americans have been willing to come out and admit that yes, happy, joyfully...
Fred, sure, many of you at this point are going, yeah, maybe Sang's right.
This all makes sense.
No wonder I felt so weird in high school.
In fact, I was so scared.













No matter I'm such a muter.
But what if, friends, of course you're thinking, but I'm sure they did this switch thousands
of years ago.
Take out the green scale of nature and...
No!
It happened in 1953!
And be safe now.
In 1953, Earth and Mars changed places by the strange forces wielded by the conspiracy
and their alien allies.
And to this day, the mystery of it is, how did they do it without anyone noticing?
It is very hard...
But if you look at the Hollywood movies...
In full stream.
If you look at the comic books, if you look in the bottom of the wine bottle after it's
been finished off, you will see that what I say is true!
It did happen in 1953.
Earth was switched with Mars.
Okay, now let's elaborate.
On the substance of it, you MSNBC-ish guy, you made the point that Clinton was a dirty
liar or something, whatever point you wanted to make.
I'm gonna miss Bill.
Let's have the proof...
I don't care what you guys say.
It's hard to change planets midstream.
Imagine Chaz over there trying to catch an RTA...
Exactly.
...and then he's gonna be on the ship.
I don't expect you to believe me.
And yet what I said was the one serious thing I've ever said on this show.
It doesn't matter.
You can burn it all down.
Burn the whole planet down because we're gonna get off soon.
Let them burn it down.
See, Chaz, that's where we differ.
But see, they don't want to let us off.
They're trying to keep us here.
They're gonna get off soon.
Chaz is like the Earth-let's-get-off guy.
And I'm like one of those Earth-first guys.
I think we should turn this into a terrestrial paradise.
Yeah, I believe in that.
Earth first, then we can, you know, towards the moon.

And then we can go to the other planets later.
But see, they've already done that.
Until look at Chaz.
We're just now getting the idea.
The conspiracy's been doing this for billions of years.
This is the last planet of the solar system.
They've already done it to all of the other planets.
Well, I can't wait to turn it to cinders either then.
Man, Neptune was great before the conspiracy started building walls on it.
We swam on Neptune.
We swam on Neptune.
We were like, it was the air and it was the water.
It was like this nitrogenous stuff.
And it was like a jelly when we...
And Saturn didn't used to have any atmosphere at all hardly.
Until we...
Until we...





Until we blew that up too.
Yeah, it's really a small planet actually.
Yeah.
Those rings were originally a beautiful moon sculpted in the shape of Bob's head.
It was our home.
It was the conspiracy destroyer.
We lived in that pipe and we blew it up.
We're killing everyone.
We lived in the pipe.
We are the children of the pipe, of the ring, of the pipe, of the ring of Saturn.
No, we're not.
That was pretty good.
We are the children of the pipe...
Of the ring.
Of the ring.
Of the pipe.
Of the ring.
Of the ring.
Of the ring.
We are the children of Saturn.
Of the ring.
Of the ring.
Whatever you guys are on, I don't want any of it.
Oh man, talk about B-Wolf and all them guys and...
Jeez, man.
Yes, this is the last show, folks.
The last show.
The last show.
Oh, thank God.
The very last show.
It's about damn time.
Can you believe it's lasted this long and they hadn't killed us yet?
Really?
That's the thing that amazes me.
I can't believe it.
So now that Stang and Firewire have gone, we're going to go to the moon.

The moon's just gone.
And then we travel on to Burning Man, is going to go to...
Well, I'm going to go to...
Yeah, to Jane & Stock in New York.
Hey, get out of the way, man.
Hey, shut the door.
There was a terrible controversy over whether the giant, subgenius party of 4X-Day should
be held after the world ends or before.
Yeah, I like those questions.
Well what do you think?
What's the vote count?
I vote yes.
I vote yes.
And the principle chose to party aboard the escape vessels after 4X-Day.
Yes.
In other words, the celebration of X Day will begin at 7 a.m. July 5th, which is Thursday this year.
And it will never end.
This will be the X Day that never ends.
Bring your moon pants.
Breach them not.
And you enter the vacuum.
Ah, yes.
Wow, free watermelon.
Bring your moon pants and your moon rocks.
Bring your moon rocks, too.
Bring your gland shoes.
Bring your mattress back with you.
Bring your old mattress back there.
Take her on down.
Back in that back room, you know, where all that stuff is.
Back where we made the real.
Plan.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Are you talking about the place where Tenderly Convenience waxed Sterno in the head?
That back room?
Yeah.
That was the corner room.
That was in Chicago.
Back ahead.
That was a long time ago, folks.
Well, you'd have hit him in the head, too.
You could have.
You're just jealous because Tenderly got there first.
Here's Tenderly dancing around.
Everybody wanted some Sterno in the head back in those days.
In a tunnel.
Whipping a dead.
I really wanted some Tenderly head.
Now these people are old, crotchety men.
Sad old bags of.
Sad old bags of.
I remember when.
Piss off in this.
Self-genius owned the world.
I remember when they was the preeminent cult in America, and now the Mormons have completely taken over.
I've got everything in sync.
And I don't mean in synchronization.
I take a load now and then.
Some people flush it down the toilet.
I depend on the sink.
The sink.
The sink.
And then the plumber happened to arrive.
And they took that little electrical snake.
And they plunged it down the sink.
And you wouldn't believe what they came up with.
In the sink.
In the sink.
So anymore I don't do that procedure.
Cause it's stopped up the drain.
It's stopped up the sink.
So if you've got a master bed.
Don't use the sink.
Cause you're just given a chance.
Don't do your work.
To a plumber.
Don't stop up the sink with her.
Don't do your work.
Down the sink.
It's not the kind of thing that works against the sink.
Don't sink your work.
Down the sink.
And the day comes.
When heaven and earth.
Belong to one.
You can look back in the sink.
I hate these memories.
I hate the sink.
Everything goes back to the sink.
How do you make babies?
I don't know.





How do you stop births short of abortion?
How do you do it with a sink?
How do you stop babies?
Without abortion?
How do you do it?
Well, I'll tell you do it with a sink.
Busting little spermies down the sink.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Well, that was something you don't hear every day.
A song there called In Sink or In the Sink.
By Skip and the Elite.
Elite, posted to the Alt Binaries Slack news group.
And friends, we've also been listening to the last show of the millennium on KPFA in Berkeley.
The subgenius, non-subgenius, more than an hour, less than a show, show with puzzling evidence.
And normally has Dr. Howell, but in this case, Dr. Philo Drummond.
The overman, the true, one true, the only overman yet so far that we have in the church.
The only proof we have that Bob is even true.
Oh, no.
Oh, man, no wonder.
Well, anyway, that show was all mottered up with the ESO Swamp Radio show at WCSB Cleveland.
With Professor Chaz Smith and Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And yours truly, and maybe Princess We Are Doe got in there somewhere.
And there's some Media Barrage Clips monster movie stuff by our friend New Monet.
The mysterious New Monet.
The music in the background is Einstein's Secret Orchestra with Ron Slade.
Recorded just a couple of weeks ago.
A few weeks ago at Winterstar Symposium.
Sponsored by Ace.
This song called Trippy Beard P-Boy Muff.
Oh, speaking of hippie weird stuff, I've got the schedule for Winterstar where we have to work, boys.
What do we, do we have to slosh the kitchen or do we have to remove the urinals and stuff?
You have to do a consciousness expanding jam at the end of the evening.
I thought it was the P-Boy.
Get this, man.
Dab.
Halim El Dab.
Notice that name.
Halim El Dab.
Who is a pharaoh.
An actual pharaoh.
I am proud to call an acquaintance, perhaps even a friend.
Certainly I admire his great drumming and his composition.
I know you used to hang with Ramses and Tutankhamen and all the rest of the guys that are seriously mortifying.
Drumming across the great rivers while you can stretch yourself out of pain.
Oh, strength theory again.
With anomi, that abnormal.
You can turn yourself.
You can turn yourself into a G-flat or an A-shark.
And Halim El Dab will guide you in slack.
And at 3 o'clock, actually at 3.30, then I give a scientific talk about the scientific basis of slack.
Okay, now who's to guide?
My new neighbor, Nathar, will be doing the electronic meditation devices.
Do you have a new home or domicile?
Something is happening.
You don't have to say where it is.
I'm just saying.
We're tunneling.
Let me put it that way.
The tunnel is progressing.
You're taking the bags of dirt out and you're making sure that nobody knows where you're going?
You have to hide the bags of dirt.
Imagine.
It ain't easy.
Oh, and then Pope Bob Wilson, after it doesn't, will tell it, give everyone a new map of their consciousness.
Pope Dozier?
Pope Bob, Robert Anton Wilson is his fancy author name.
We'll connect our consciousness in the key of a flat tire.
But we subgeniuses know him as just a regular feller pope.
Pope.
Pope.
Pope.
Pope.
Pope.






Pope.
Pope.
Pope.
Pope.
Pope.
Pope.
Pope.










It was like working at Playboy.
It was like as if you worked at Playboy.
I was going to say it was like working at Kmart, the endless droning, the blue shirts,
the red shirts.
It's as if you were the photographer.
We are happy.
The typographer's assistant at Playboy.
No, the makeup person's assistant.
Can I help you?
At Playboy.
And what else is happening then?
The spritzerer.
I'm the spritzerer?
The one who comes and spritzes the babe when he's supposed to look sweaty.
Oh, and then that's when my page ran out.
But what they didn't dare print on, my printer refused to print,
was something about a space jam in the middle of the frozen night in those cabins.
Would they say anything about Space Trance 1 workshop meditation trance drone?
It may have.
I think I'm on five.
I'm on right across.
Look at www.rosencomet.com.
Yeah.
I'm on five.
I'm on right across.
Look at www.rosencomet.com.
I'm on right across.
Look at www.rosencomet.com.
Yeah.
I'm on right across.

Now, to abruptly change the subject, the internet.
There's several subgenius news groups and, of course, a zillion websites and so forth,
and chat rooms, all that kind of crap.
And one person was griping on alt.binaries.slack.
Which actually has great stuff on it.
He was complaining.
He goes, oh, my Bob, is this news group screwed up?
All the posts are coming in day late, and even the goodies that I put there don't show up.
And he goes, yeah, everything's a day late for me, too.
I think the conspiracy is screwing with Usenet so that we'll all go web-based.
And, friends, I think that's exactly what's going on.
And I don't know.
You know, some of you are probably a little newer to the internet, and some of you have probably dealt with it for a long time.
But I suspect that in about a year or two, we'll all have to have a license to have a website, just like the radio.
You know, there was a time when anybody could have a radio station, but suddenly, oh, well, there's not enough bandwidth.
And, of course, you know, some of these subversives might use it for, you know, to spread something.
Bad, like information.
So, friends, the supranational corporations don't like competition.
And they know that our one-world religion is the only antidote for the one-world advertiser.
Down with the supranationals and up with the supernatural, my friends.
Up, down with the quoteless Bob, and up with Bob.
Bob.
Bob.








Today, as Bob said, in 1959, when they regulate websites, only news group geeks will have free pornography.
He muttered that in his sleep.
Now, friends, I really do think that, of course, needless to say, the conspiracy is not going to let us get away with murder on the internet forever, like we have been.
I certainly feel like I have been.
But, you know, this is what...
The lesson that we must learn is that a few subgeniuses must retain the primitive knowledge.
And we must hand down certain paleolithic knowledge, like of pre-website stone implements, like newsreaders and telex and crap like that.
Hand axes, you know.
And even...
We must even, some of us must take it upon ourselves to...
Hand down skills like shoe repair.
How to clean a handgun barrel so it doesn't blow up in your face.
And how to change tires and diapers and dollars and so forth.
Because, friends, I was shocked at how fast the internet went from 99% slack to 99% ads.
It was almost like it happened overnight.
Now, back in the late 60s, early 70s, it took...
More than a year to turn what was known as acid rock into a sold-out conspiracy tool used to sell tires on Sears commercials.
By the late 70s, when punk came along, I remember kids telling me,
Well, that old hippie stuff didn't do anybody any good, but punk will save the world!
It will save...
The conspiracy can't...
It took six months to turn punk into a slogan and a haircut!
On a beer commercial!
And, friends, to nowadays, only little children still believe that music can ever be used as a weapon of rebellion anymore!
But then, along came the internet.
We had to give up on rock and roll.
It's owned.
Lock, stock, and barrel.
But the internet...
There was hope!
There was actual hope!
But how long did it take?
The wink of an eye, friend!
The wink, the blink of that red eye!
That you see when the conspiracy moons you!
And, friends, I hate to say it, but I am a...
Well, I'm proud to say I'm a subgenius.
But I am a dumbass!
Because I actually thought that it would be years before the internet was castrated.
Since I figured, well, the government can't get their hands on it.
You know, it got away from them.
Boy, was I fooled to think there was a government!
There hasn't...
That was a...
The damn government was the...
First to go!
Long before acid rock was even thought about, the government was sold out.
The one world advertiser has been bamboozling us all along.
At least for the last couple of hundred years.
And no more of it, I say, friends!
Now that it's too late, and it's a completely hopeless battle,
that's when we, the subgeniuses, must fight back all the morgue insanely!
And viciously and mindlessly!
Friends, what have we got to lose?
What have we got to lose at this point?
Most of us...
We...
You know, people complain about...
Civil...
We're just...
Our civil rights are slowly being taken away.
My friends, you give away all your civil rights the minute you clock in at work in the morning.
You give up your civil rights from 9 to 5 every day.
You know, and don't even think anything about that.
You...
You clock out from what freedom you pretended to have,
and then you go home and watch TV and go to sleep.
So what is left, friends,
except to use every spare second,
every spare stolen minute,
working like a crazed lab rat
with a wire up our asses
on anything that will give ourselves slack!
Even if that means laying in bed watching TV for hours.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob!
But, it could also mean,
the energetic monkey wrenching.
And I don't mean monkey wrenching of machines.
The machines are our friends.
You know, the robots, let them serve us.
But the monkey wrenching of men's minds, friends!
Yes!
You know, a strong pink back is a terrible thing to waste.
And some of my fellow subgeniuses feel that on July 5th, 19...
Well, 2001, whatever.
When the aliens finally arrive and...
The dues-paying subgeniuses are ruptured up into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
On that day, some subgeniuses, the holocaustal group,
feel that we should just simply wipe out every normal human being
who didn't send Bob 30 bucks!
Now others, such as the evangelicals,
the schism that I got stuck with,
uh...
We believe that, you know,
why waste them if you can put them to work, you know?
If we can control their drone-like behavior,
like is already being done,
like the toy robot stick men they already are,
why don't we do it, you know?
Now, how each individual does this,
that's between you and Bob!
Unlike every other conspiracy and religion,
we're not gonna tell you what to do or what to think.
We'll just tell you how to think.
That's the really, that's the great thing about this church, friends,
because only you paid Bob to tell you what you really think slack is.
No other subgenius will even try to tell you what your slack is,
and the real subgeniuses,
they know that if they could telepathically gaze deep into the soul of another subgenius,
all of the other ones would seem utterly incomprehensible and completely insane!
At the basis of their very soul.
And they are!
But we know that,
and that is the difference!
Praise Bob and hail Connie!
Soon a Star Wars battle will be fought among the planets,
and the headquarters of these spirits will be transferred to the Earth.
Who are these ETs?
Lucifer and his fallen angels,
the Devil and his demons.
Who's behind it all?
What?
I want this mysterious ET called Satan.
I am an Antichrist!
Can I stop?
Satan flies away!
We're not serving all good young blood for this kite war.
The evil is free.
May God have mercy on us.
This letter card will order this startling new video for a gift for just $24.95,
plus $3 shipping and handling.
Recently I asked for the



in God-given




maaa-
Transporter.
Thank you.
Dive into the plasma pool, aren't you?
You're afraid to be destroyed and recreated, aren't you?
You're afraid to dive into the plasma pool, aren't you?
I seem to be stricken by a disease with a purpose, wouldn't you say?
Praise Bob.
Get Bob.
The Dobsian gene pool.
That's why you're here to come down.
Have you ever heard of insect politics?
Insects.
You don't have politics.
They're very brutal.
No compassion.
No compromise.
We can't trust the insect.
I'd like to become
the first
to

insect politician.
You see, I'd like to.
And do we have one?
Isn't George W.
I'm afraid, John.
W.
I don't know what you're trying to say.
I like what you're saying.
I'm saying I'm an insect.
I'm saying I'm an insect.
Who dreamt he was a man.
Yes.
And loved it.
Loved it.
But now the dream is over.
Now the dream is over.
Now the insect is awake.
We're all insects.
We dreamt we were men.
But now the dream
is over.
They're saying I'm an insect.
At the board of unemployment.
They're saying I'm an insect.
At the job I'd like to get.
They're saying I'm an insect.
My church and in my home.
They're calling me an insect.
Your insect has arrived.
You can just step right on it here.
As you're off, you'll fly again.
I think I...
Oh.
Call me an insect, man. I'm sick.
Days of a fly.
Days of a fly.
Days of a fly.
Nathan Heyman-Altra has arrived.
He's completely out of it for your pleasure.
Not the little fuzzy whiskers around his head.
These are all in his hands.
You cannot even imagine.
By the way, Ivan, have you ever listened to this show on kpfa.org?
I just did. I listened to the whole first half of it just this morning.
It was your show.
It was.
The same damn CD that I just sent to you.
It was down at Old Watery.
That's right, because we were upstairs conferring.
Yeah, we had to be upstairs conferring.
To get my drift.
If you catch my mane in there.
Let me do some more show here.
We had to snort some show.
Oh, man, this is a great show.
All right.
I think this show's been stepped on.
See, that's our version of Pupus Lilith doing her, you know,
hey, is that a frop?
I thought that was hilarious, actually.
And you know what's funny is I recognize it right away as Pupus Lilith.
Did you know that the average...
It was Pupus Lilith pretending to be a guy.
Did you know that in his lifetime...
I'm going to give you a little fact here, Reverend Stans,
that in his lifetime, the average person will have eaten...
I know this assumes that they're not a vegan or a vegetarian.
Or Phineas and Arco.
But they will have eaten 14 cattle, 12 sheep, 2 calves,
23 hogs.
35 turkeys, 770 pounds of fish, and 880 chickens.
I heard it was thousands of chickens.
Well, yeah, it could be thousands by now.
I mean, how does that help us with our last show?
Probably less calves and more chickens by now.
I don't eat as much veal as I used to.
Only 14 cattle, but they're big cattle.
They're like ox.
I don't even want to think about what they do to calves.
Calves.
Oh, they torture them mercilessly.
Yeah.
Before they kill them and feed them to us.
And make us eat them.
But that's okay because it's people doing it.
It's not other calves.
Yeah, it's okay.
It would be brutality if it was another cow doing it.
My God, that would be unthinkable.
That would be...
I couldn't think about that, but...
As long as I know that's not happening...
By the way, folks, if you're watching on Channel X,
you can see Ivan saying they're eating psychopops.
I've heard that they do that.
They force the animal's parents to do it in other foreign countries.
Boy, it's going to be an exciting time.
You're watching Subgenius Show.
The one and two's gone.
In some foreign countries, they force tigers to eat antelopes.
They force lions to eat zebras.
Did you know that...
That's how cruel people are to animals.
In this country, they force cats to eat songbirds.
We raise house cats so that they can go out and kill the songbirds,
and that's why we have so many bugs.
Good night, Ford.
Good night.
You're too naive.
You don't know what Jim Jones is all about.
You can't even follow him.
Is it not just the words?
The beat.
The fertility rights of the jungles are the same beat.
Incorporated in this modern rock.
You haven't gotten next to him, but I've got all kinds of things in store.
Who and what are these ETs?
Who created them and why?
Can their existence be proven?
Sex on the street.
You who are stupid piss ants and reptiles,
and lower than the primates,
you can make a hoopie if you want.
But can your hoopie make a hoopie?
So you can make your hoopie while I do something to calm...
Do you feel blind?
Are you mad?
Do you feel like moose about to rub lettuce?
Can fattles hear?
Hear lemmings?
That's where the music comes up and everybody gets really, really, really scared.
Man, this has been a lot of fun because we've had the...
We've had everybody here tonight.
We've had the only three important people in the Church of the Subgenius.
Yeah, that's true.
Phineas, me, and Dwellman.
Wait, let me look at my card here.
Hey, what? What?
Yes, you've been listening to the last show of the Melunium.
Only the three most important, but not the greatest of all subgenii.
But where was Bob in all this time?
Well, Bob's just the made-up guy. Don't worry about that.
And where then was Bob in all this time?
I'll tell you about him.
Bob's in your mother.
Where are you?
I'm thinking of Bob.
If I were one of the subgeniuses, I'd claim that I made up Bob right about now.
... decency to pull your knife out of Bob's belly that day, eh?
I'll tell you where he is, Stans.
He's at your mama's house.
Eating the black stuff inside your skeleton.
Oh, yes, sir. What about the black stuff?
Cut your belly open and I'll show you the black stuff.
Try to rub your little round belly with the black stuff inside your mother's skeleton.
You're a rabbit supper.
You're a rabbit?
Sal?
You're gonna come to the rabbit stew!
Sal? Sal who?
Salami?
That's funny.
Salami!
Salami!
This show has been very good for me.
Thank you, thank you.
This show has been good for me, too. This show has, like, delivered me. It's brought me forward.
This show has been arthritic for me, too.
This show has been a frightening experience.
It's been a carbuncle on the butthole of society, but other than that, it's been great.
Yeah.
And this, you know, last five minutes of the last show.
The last five minutes.
The last five minutes of the last show.
The forces of good are a sworn enemy. And I repeat, they must be exterminated. And I mean lethally.
The little man has done it to us again.
He's made a monkey out of the forces of evil.
Is he dead?
Yeah.
He's messed up as bad as those two back there.
Suppose that saucer or whatever it was had something to do with this?
Your guess is as good as mine, Larry.
One thing's sure. Inspector Clay's dead.
Murdered.
And somebody's responsible.
Salami!
What's the matter, everyone?
That's why we don't talk for a while, don't answer.
Oh my God.
Friends, if you're in any state of confusion at all now, remember to put free information to Bob.
Did you know you're in the state of confusion?
At that sacred P.O. box which still exists in mysterious Dallas, Texas.
Even though there's nobody left there, there's just a P.O. box.
It's just a town that used to be there, but now it's just only a stick in the middle of town with a box on it.
And it's the P.O., sacred P.O. box because the rest of the city is gone.
I've seen the tape in that MTV tape, folks, that you saw on MTV so many years ago.
There's a picture of the guy that answers that box with his family out in the middle of a wrecked city.
And there you can see in the foreground a little box, a little mailbox.
The sacred golden box. It's made out of solid gold now.
It glistens in the distance.
As people draw closer to Dallas, they see the...
Yeah, it's got a little puppy on it, so the flexor...
...shivering, gilded sky as they approach the golden P.O. box that is Dallas, Texas now.
Next day's coming. That's Bob at Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214. Order now.
Please shine the light of... of... whatever.
Not available in any store.
Not in the light.
Sold separately. Batteries not included. Some assembly required.
Not stored in soles.
Not stored in soles.
I'd almost forgotten that old saw. That clever play on words.
Not stowed in sores either.
So sad not to have it anymore.
But you can get it back. You can get it back from...
...with only...
...a self-addressed stamped envelope from just what they said.
Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
And the zip code on that, friends.
The all-important zip code of...
...Bob is 75214.
And friends, amidst the puzzling evidence,
Einstein Secret Orchestra, Radio Swamp, Philo Spew, and Dave Brain...
...um...
...oh, we also heard some...
...the satanic...
...jamboree clips by Jupiter Research...
...and the song Wilderness of Bob...
...by Chaz Smith...
...we heard there recorded at Winterstar...
...and also my rant from Winterstar.
There, friends.
Congratulations, by the way, to Einstein Secret Orchestra...
...for winning the Free Times Music Award here in Cleveland...
...for Best Instrumental Electronic Music, of course.
And, uh...
...oh, and while you're at it, friends...
...uh...
...check out on the web...
...www.subgenius.com.
And then go to www.pandromeda.com.
I did that, finally.
And, uh...
...the promise of Mojo World is so great.
It is.
So great.
Grandios.
So truly grand is the promise.
Yes.
Ah.
It is a...
...I...
...and I...
...it...
...it pulls and tugs at me...
...like a pied piper.
I'm like a rat of Hamelin...
...wanting to follow the promise of Mojo World.
That's www.pandromeda.com.
The pied pooper.
Where the pink bob rules.
And the Mojo.
The bizarro bob.
Me no like slack.
Uh.
Me bizarro bob.
Me hate to learn.
Slack.
This man...
Legume has slack.
...if you call him a man...
Take it away.
...has designs on your consciousness.
That was an actual quote.
...looking to your computer screen.
Don't you see what's happening?
Your mind is being mojo-ized and you don't even know it.
Stand back, Dr. Grineker.
I have to...
This connects the wires.
It's okay, Dave.
Yeah, I've seen Dave...
Dave, don't freak out on it.
Just accept it.
I have seen Dave...
It's the new paradigm.
...get freaked out just looking at an ordinary videotape of the computer.
...and the computer is just a piece of shit.

It's just some real trippy computer animation.
...for you as a human being.
Just some real trippy computer animation.
And Dave, late at night, we exposed him to this stuff and he was going, man, it's getting
too...
This is too intense.
They're...
They're gonna watch us back.
He watched it.
He watched it.
It's all virtual.
Nobody has a real life anymore.
He pulled his head right up to the screen and he said...
Nobody has a real life.
I need blue light, baby.
I need blue light, baby.
I need blue light.
I need blue light, baby.
I need blue light, baby.
And Dave wanted to talk to that.
Did I get lovely focus dude?




for sure squashy enough.
Well, people do yeah.
All these things are leading us
And I'd like to show you
How it is to be
All the way
All the way
To my side
All these things are leading us
And I'd like to show you
How it is to be

All the way
To my side
All the way
To my side


All the way
