You don't hear no sounds as you hear but dig this.
You don't hear no sounds as you hear but dig this.
And I think a lot of things we do today, I mean, how much time do we spend working, doing jobs, to earn the money, to buy things we don't really want?
I mean, sometimes I ask people to go home, to look through their closet, to count up all the things they don't actually use and don't really need and shouldn't really have bought,
and then work out how many hours they spent slaving away to buy this stuff.
All right.
And on top of that, we're seeing the tax burden increase on people in America to a level virtually undreamed of,
a level, as a matter of fact, that is higher than what was paid by the serfs in medieval Europe.
What?
See, what really gets you ahead in today's world?
Are you going to get ahead by brains?
No.
It's probably going to be a handicap.
I mean, do you get good dates because of brains?
What was the last time you fell in love with somebody because they were smart?
You know, it's slack and luck.
As Bob said, I'd rather be lucky than good any day.
In just the 200 years since the Industrial Revolution,
we now consume 350,000...
That's a lot.
...times the resources of a person 200 years ago.
Like each one of us.
Each one of us.
And there's a stack more of us than there were...
And this is the point.
There were 10 times more of us, which means we're each consuming...
Sorry, as a society, we're consuming 3,500 times what society did 200 years ago,
which is even more staggering when you translate that in time.
It means in one year...
Let's go for it.
...we now consume what society consumed from the period,
from the rise of Greek culture to the Industrial Revolution,
through that whole period of history,
whatever we consumed through that whole period of history,
from Greek culture to the Industrial Revolution,
we now consume each year.
It's a beautiful thing, man.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.











en
Yeah...
Yeah.
Welcome, dear friends.
To the subgenius hour of Slack.
You know,
In a world where so many people were heartbroken by the removal of black talon 9mm shells from the market,
it takes a truly sophisticated palette to properly appreciate the kind of finely honed madness
that refreshes the soul and keeps those baseball bats in their holsters where they belong.
Usually, anyway.
That's why the world is crying for an outlet, a safety valve you might say,
such as the almighty subgenius hour of slack!
This amusing weekly hour-long antidote to the toxic effects of the everyday
is the best investment of your radio dollar in your bid to refrain from bludgeoning to death
those whom we all know full well deserve it.
If not for such so-called madness, many would go truly insane and create the most awful turmoil.
Why, a gentleman can scarcely enjoy his times in peace,
what with all the gunfire, screaming, and rap music polluting the vicinity.
That's why those determined to rise above the muck and mire of the banal
are all but crushing their house bets every Sunday night at 9pm
as they dash madly to the parlor in their bid to switch on K&ON,
89.3 FM, and TAPS,
wacky but resolute Dallas, Texas,
for each and every enriching episode of
THE SUBGENIUS HOUR OF SLACK!
Hosted by a real man's man, the ascended Reverend Ivan Stang,
this rousing yet tasteful offering not only shows one how to resist the onslaught of the vulgar lower classes,
but provides the plans for phasers,
with which mescriants can be killed outright
while leaving no messy and annoying corpus delecti
that might attract the gendarmes or stain the Bentley,
disrupting one's agenda for the day.
A bargain indeed, considering the amount of free breeding going on today.
So, which will it be?
Seemingly endless suffering and strained, gracious silence,
or tastefully focused mayhem that restores the balance you've come to know and love?
The answer?
Simply make THE SUBGENIUS HOUR OF SLACK
part of every Sunday night's regimen
and let Bob unravel that knitted sleeve of care
with a kid glove and a stark fist!
The choice is yours!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yes, my fellow Yeti.
Have you ever seen the inside of a poultry processing plant?
What the common chicken goes through from birth to death,
even the most barbaric of nations would consider beyond cruelty.
If humans were where the chickens are...
The chicken is born into the mechanical arms of a vast stainless steel machine.
They are separated and their wings are burned off to prevent flight or any possibility of escape.
The males, being all but useless to the machine, are immediately destroyed.
The newborn slaves are given huge booster injuries,
injections to ward off any disease,
and growth hormones to make the slaves grow bigger and faster.
From then, the slaves become the intricate cogs of the vast machine.
They are cramped into tiny metal boxes
and forced to lay their eggs for the rest of their lives to feed their barbaric human masters.
Only the few lucky males that aren't destroyed are kept,
and the only ones that are left are the ones that have to provide their semen
to artificially inseminate the females in order to keep the machine running forever and ever and ever.
And after the females have finished their usefulness and can no longer produce eggs,
after each having pumped out about a thousand or so in their lifetime,
they become the Kenny Rogers Roasters and the Kentucky Fried Chickens and the Tyson Roasters
on your supermarket shelves.
Now, imagine the Earth as one vast poultry processing plant.
Every human cramped into a tiny metal box,
being given super drugs to keep them from ever getting sick,
and forced to pump out infants for the consumption of some hideous alien race of gods.
Read Aldous Huxley!
A brave new world is already here!
The human lifespan already is at an all-time high.
Humans now live twice as long as they did 200 years ago.
It's not a coincidence!
And medicine serves only one function.
To prolong our lives for service in the vast stainless steel machine.
And Dr. Howell, the good Dr. Howell, tries to reassure both Yeti and Pink alike
by comparing the takeover to the Earth-based machine.
The Earth is being turned into one big Stucky's.
No, no, my brothers and sisters, it's going to be much worse!
Stucky's at least offers souvenirs,
which is something that the Yakutisma could care less about.
Stucky's sells gas, which the Yakutisma are going to take anyway, so who cares?
If you want a picture of what Earth will resemble,
imagine a chain of Kentucky Fried Humans.
You can buy a million restaurants, each inhabiting a whole continent,
all of which are five miles high,
then where you can sit in mile-high chairs
and order a 50,000 gallon bucket of original recipe humans.
That is what is in store for humanity, my friends.
Let us pray that our guru, our savior, our saint, J.R. Bob Dobbs,
can get we, the Yeti, get us off this planet
before we encounter the same fate as the Pinks.
And dear friends, that was a wonderful little rant there,
written not by myself, but by the good Saint Lachnar
of the Holy Order of the Cheeseburger.
Yes.
A member of the Church of the Subgenius,
who sent us that rant on electrons by internet.
Last week, we actually sapped the internet quite a bit,
in that some of the regular denizens of the subgenius part of the internet,
which is called alt.slack,
for those of you who haven't caught on yet,
there's a lot happening there,
and not only do we get many words and ideas from alt.slack
and its good denizens,
but we also have lately started to get tapes.
Yes, the alt.slackers are, they're whipping it out,
they're starting to whip it out,
and we'll whip out some more of that tonight
for your entertainment and edification.
In the meantime, well, we don't know exactly what we're going to do,
because there's so much music here.
Lately, there's been more music than words,
and I bet you as radio listeners wouldn't mind hearing a little bit more of that
on the subgenius hour of slack.
So let's see what this little tape here sounds like.
By the way, in the background, you're hearing the soundtrack of the...
Ed Wood's movie, the fine Tim Burton film.
That's the end of that, and the beginning of this.
Back in history, before time began,
all the real cool cats had a solid plan.
When they dug a nervous jig,
they all to a man went,
Aaaaaaaaah!
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
You wanna be cool, man? Go ape!
Young mighty Joe, swinging through the trees,
Was the king of everything that roosted in the leaves,
But when he saw a girl ape hanging in the breeze,
He went, Aaaaaaaaah!
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
You like to be a hip boy? Go ape!
Big dinosaur was a long, tall lizard,
He drifted through the jungle like a slow blizzard,
But when he got a double ticket lady lizard,
He did Aaaaaaaaah!
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
You wanna be sharp, cat? Go ape!
A pterodactyl was a flying fool, just a...
I thought I'd break in and tell you what a pterodactyl was.
Well, it was sort of a stork-looking bat,
With sharp teeth that cruised around looking for...
Say, we haven't changed a bit, have we, cats?
A pterodactyl was a flying fool,
Just a breeze-flapping daddy of the old school,
But a mama-dactyl could sure make him drool.
Aaaaaaaaah!
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
Don't be a square, Joe, go ape!
Now, old Papa Tiger was a boss of the Nile,
Just a sport model cat with a solid style,
He was old King Cool till the girl tiger smiled.
Aaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaah!
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
I'm Bee's Orch Daddy, oh, go ape!
Adam was the first boy in the land,
The big melleroon-y daddy with an iron hand,
But when little Eva said,
Hi, man!
Aaaaaaaaah!
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
Ape call, doodly-ah-bah,
Don't be a cube-roob,
Go ape!
So remember to ape,
Call today!
Yeah!
Aaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaaah!
The interesting thing about that song is that
our good friend Orton Nenslow
is pretty sure that that is actually a...
That song was one of the very few that was written
by J.R. Bob Dobbs during the time that he was doing the Bob Dobbs and the Doobops.
Oh, I'm sorry, Bob Dobbs and the Doo-Wops.
Gotta keep the history straight here.
The Doo-Wops never really did all that well,
but apparently this one song was recorded by another group,
and what was their name?
Well, it doesn't say on this tape that...
Paul Mavridis sent us.
Lovely little tape called Holiday in Paris,
but by gobs, it's a beautiful thing.
You know, when you get down into the pure music of the subgenius,
and I mean, this is truly underbrain music,
there's quite a range, you know?
It goes from Bach to Hendrix to the guys that did Ape Call,
and to Captain Beefheart, heard here in the background.
I've got a huge stack of musical tapes to play for everyone tonight.
Oh, I'm sure this is music for everybody.
Oh, yeah, everybody's gonna love this stuff.
But, well, heck, let's just shut up, shall we?
No one's going to be able to watch if it's exciting and interesting,




And, uh...
And how good it's fucking大
Guess we gotta take a look!
It's a good melody.

we're going to share this wonderful,
always head-pushing way.
Castle in Paris caught up with me a few nights ago,
and as you see, it's only a year out,

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Yes, dear friends, and that was Captain Beefheart
from a bootleg called Alternative Beefheart,
an instrumental tune called Flower Pot.
Most of that is outtakes from a studio session
in the process of putting one of his early albums together.
And in the background here we have The Ventures.
What is this?
Yeah, The Ventures in Space
with the tune He Never Came Back.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶




¶¶
Right.
I think what I say is we often don't live in the now,
often our thoughts are in the future about what if what if this and we fill our minds with concern
which doesn't actually make us any happier and we miss out on actually enjoying the present and i
think part of the art of life is being able to just let go of a lot of our worries and actually
be in the present and enjoy what's happening right now and if we do that i think we become
much much more alive to understand the master's words let the spirit of eck flow through
it must be free to flow through you to share its wisdom from the heavens
above the fruits of the spirit the gifts of god
most souls are seeking peace health love joy and prosperity
the timid never find true love and happiness
and you know if if you'd look in a blind spot and see that is all you really need
you deeply in your mind if you're having worry planner if you're feeling anxious


In the sea of spirit
To be lifted
Above your daily problems
Then you are in this world
But not of it
Yes, yes, dear friends.
Well, I had to cut into that...
I had to cut out of that Ekencar song there
because it was getting really, really bad and boring
and that's what you can expect
from non-subgenius rival mind-control cults.
That little cut there was by The Lighter Sound,
a group of Ekencar geeks.
Hold it.
Oh, man.
You know, I just hate to put down somebody else's religion,
but, boy, if you ever get bored with the Sunday funnies,
you know, check out the religion section in your paper.
Ekencar is big enough that they may be listed in there
and go to an Ekencar meeting.
It's...
It's why it's funnier than the church of the subgenius,
you might say.
Yeah, I had originally put that whole song on this show
and I'm coming back to cut in over it
because, well, we like subgenius music better than Ekencar music
and besides, we haven't talked enough lately
about satanic backmasking,
of which I have an excellent example here
in a piece of subgenius music,
the well-known tune,
You Rang,
by so-called out-of-band experience
or kings of feedback.
They can't seem to make up their mind what they're called.
This person, Bill Miller,
created this horrible song,
which we hear in the background.
It's loaded with backmasking, friends,
and after you hear this little section I'm going to play,
then,
I will play it for you backwards
by the miracle of computer technomation.
So, stand by for this one segment coming up here.
You saw me from beyond
You'd better be ready
To speak your peace
You caught me from beyond
You disturbed my rest of sleep
With your childish games
You don't know what you're playing with
This is not a game
Put a little voice in you
This is your life
You know that you're not alone




You know you're next to the world
You'll see a future
You're all you ever change
Your dreams won't match
You chose your fate




And now all of the world
Hahaha..
I can't tell you
You're stronger


And even stronger
It's beautiful
Really beautiful
I wish we had that
okay now friends this incredibly we're going to listen to this satanic type song
backwards now that's that little sequence that we just ran listen to this
oh
pretty horrifying huh friends uh
well you can have your mind programmed with more anti-satanic material
by getting hold of the out of band uh cd from extraterrestrial records
i'm about to give that number friends
the easiest thing to do is to call uh 1617 lick o b e
that's 1617 lick o b e
we smell sausage
oh and you can also uh write to
uh them at box 221 boston massachusetts once again that's box 221 boston massachusetts 02123
what significance could lay in that zip code number 02123 hmm just a little too perfect isn't it
sorry
and eliminate four
oh shit
.
wow
i just heard my own voice in their back mask i believe that was me saying slack off
this is bill t miller from obe at kings of feedback
and you're listening to the hour of the rarely heard Idiots and Per explanation, why fellp능 dumb is all we're going to do today 14 konspiracy & idiotic behaviour and bullying can be seen in the doubtless audio동 preventing this video from going anyway
of slack and friends that reminds me I apparently forgot to do some credits
here in the early part of the show that promo for the hour of slack up at the
very beginning was of course the held Pope Huey currently out of Little Rock
Arkansas I believe and the little cuts of the British guy little clips of the
British guy telling us what we're doing wrong is from a media barrage tape that
will be scavenging a lot from good Reverend Nick Nolan up in Canada let's
see oh we must thank Palmer Vredes Nenslow and Joe Riley for some of the
background music we've been playing and let's just see well what there is here
coming up I believe this is a yet one of the most bizarre cover versions of a
Jimi Hendrix tune I've ever heard Purple Haze as done by the shaman
in Australia
Things are funny, they don't seem the same
I'm acting funny, I don't know why
Excuse me and I'll kiss the sky
I hope he's all around
Don't know whether I'm coming up or down
I'm a hobby, I'm a lady
Kiss, puss, bail on me
Oh my God, my turtle died
Ladies, get your knockers up to three
Up to three
Put a rug, get shoulders back
And get your knockers up, up, up, up
Come on there honey, throw those shoulders back
Get up, big smile
Come on, shoulders back, come on honey
There, doesn't that make your navel tingle when you do that?
Ladies, I have said that man was born
To thrust upon us with the biggest and the best that they have
I feel that it is our turn now to rise and unite
And thrust back at them with the biggest and the best that we have
In order to do that, I want every lady sitting here in this audience tonight
To march forward
Proudly to the Anaheim Bowl with the knockers held high
Flapping in the breeze
Proving that we have something to give in this crazy world today
Ladies, are you ready to commence the march of the knockers?
Everybody march
Back to the show, let's round about
Throw your knockers upward, out
Hut, two, three
We're in a hut, two, three
We're in a hut, two, three
We're in a hut, two, three
We're in a hut, two, three

We're in a hut, two, three
We're in a hut, two, three
Ladies, you're not marching
You don't have to have large knockers to do this march
Just do as the men do
Think big, right?
Back to the show, let's round about
Throw your knockers upward, out
Hut, two, three
We're in a hut, two, three
We're in a hut, two, three
We're in a hut, two, three
Hut
Well, when you girls go back into the office
I want you to do me a little favor
I want you to stand in front of the boss's office for just one moment
Mentally take yourself in hand
Throw your shoulders back
Get your knockers up
Put a big smile on your face
The boss will take one look at you and he'll say
Hot damn, Beatrice got her knockers up
Knockers up, everybody!
Knockers up, everybody!
Knockers up, everybody!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.








Bob is the man cleaning our plate.
Bob is the man saying, it's not too late.
Bob prescribes the word of Jehovah One.
How many Jehovah's are there, Uncle Will?
23, Jimmy.
A whole 20.
23 Jehovah's.
But it's only Jehovah 1 we really need to worry about
because he's a crazy space alien bent on destruction.
But anyway, back to the story.
Mom prescribes a word of trouble.
And we'll be totally transformed when the message is done.
Oh, glory be to him.
The one that brought us sails.
Taking in the dollar.
In a storm's windy gale.
Uh, what's a gale?
I mean, there's a gale.
A gale would be, uh, no, it's, it's a,
it's an elaborate way of saying a lot of wind.
Play some slides.
Um, it, I, uh, it's, well, okay, this is poetry.
It's a story, right?
So you've got to, you've got to have things that rhyme.
Well, they don't have to rhyme if it's poetry.
I mean, concrete poetry obviously doesn't have to rhyme.
Concrete.
Anyway, this is the way the story was written.
It's supposed to be this way.
Just take it, okay?
Okay.
So, Bob is the man sucking on his pipe.
Hey, you've got a pine bogle.
Well, is it the same kind of pipe?
No, Jimmy.
I mean, it's a pipe.
You put stuff in one and light it on fire and breathe it in.
But Bob's pipe is something special.
Anyway, let's get back to the story.
Bob is the man sucking on his pipe.
Bob is the man turning day into night.
Bob is your friend.
And Connie is too.
Oh, no.
The name you know is Connie.
Ha ha, Connie.
Connie, Connie.
Uh, Connie is Bob's wife.
Um, she's Connie.
Something you'll learn along with getting drunk.
Trust me, okay?
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Um, anyway, Bob is your friend.
Connie is too.
And all they ask is a little dollar straight from you.
A dollar?
Wow!
Is that all they want?
Well, they want more than a dollar if they can get it.
But sure, a dollar would be swell.
A dollar is all it costs for the Church of the Subgenius' salvation.
Only a dollar.
That's a bargain.
You know it, Jimmy.
It's a hell of a bargain.
Wow.
Praise and glory be to Bob.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
We can calm down now.
I think it's all right.
And, um, let me explain to you that that last lovely pee,
that oh-so-explanatory piece there,
was done by Olo T. Schicklgruver and the Happy Philanthropist Orchestra.
From their album, Music for Women Who Are Hard to Knock Over.
This is a product of neglect release.
That is, you can write for information and the Olo T. Schicklgruver fan club,
care of the product of neglect recording company.
Got that pencil ready?
At 2936 Waterloo Street.
That's 2936 Waterloo Street in Vancouver, BC, Canada.
A V6R3i5.
Those silly, silly zip codes there in Canada.
Da.
A V6R3i5.
Uh, yes, and, and, uh, oh, here's some more of those 50 fun things to do in an elevator.
Number 11.
When arriving at your floor, grunt and strain to yank the doors open.
Then act embarrassed when they open by themselves.
Number 13.
Greet everyone getting on the elevator
with a warm handshake and ask them to call you Admiral.
Number 14.
One word.
Flatulence.
Number 15.
On the highest floor, hold the door open and demand that it stay open
until you hear the penny you drop down the shaft go clink at the bottom.
Number 16.
Do Tai Chi exercises.
Well, alright, let's make a mark.
Oh, excuse me there, I didn't mean to hit you in the ear.
We'll make a mark here where we go on to the next subject, which is, friends, there are
some subgenius de-vivals coming up, and I'm going to go through these real fast because
you don't all live in any of these towns.
But, uh, get your pencils ready because on May 13th, Saturday, we'll be doing a bookstore
signing and de-vival.
Yes, we'll be preaching the word of Bob and signing books and selling stuff.
Uh, yeah.
Uh, in Austin, Texas, May 13th at a bookstore called Adventures in Crime and Space.
They're on 6th Street.
So, uh, you know, just look in your paper, man.
It's Adventures in Crime and Space Books.
It's a double bill, actually, at 2 in the afternoon.
Uh, Sister Nancy Regalia will be there to, uh, well, she's in her secret life.
Nancy is a horror writer, and she wrote these vampire stories about Sonia Blue.
And, uh, she's going to be talking about that.
But then at, uh, 4 o'clock to 6 o'clock, yes, the man chosen by J.R. Bob Dobbs himself
to be the official translator of all Dobbs droppings will be in that store signing and ranting.
That's me.
Um, that's what they say.
And, uh, friends, remember, the first hit is always free.
Um, and we should also be, be, uh, visiting on that weekend with the legendary G. Gordon Gordon
as well as Colonel Sthal.
And, uh, I can't tell you where that is at.
That's, uh, what we're actually going to be doing there.
So, uh, we'll be doing it.
Uh, we're going to be visiting the
um, uh, I can't tell you anything more about that.
Because we don't know for sure if that's going to happen.
But, uh, you can talk to Nenslow.
Just ask Nenslow about that.
That's in Portland, Oregon.
No one there hears this show.
So it's a moot point.
However, there's a lot of folks in Atlanta listening via WREK in Atlanta.
Yes, July 14th and 15th, DragonCon, the giant science fiction fantasy convention where the subgenius devivals are about the only nonfiction events.
And last year's was a great one.
This year we'll probably have Dr. Legume and Father Joe Mama and definitely Reverend Susie the Floozy and yours truly.
And that's in Atlanta.
I think it's at the Hilton.
And last but not least, July 21st through 23rd, the Chicago Underground Film Festival.
Now, you sub-demies listening at WZRD in Chicago, you can go to this Underground Film Festival.
I'll be showing all kinds of horrible stuff that I did in years past with the help of Dobbs' money.
And Kenneth Anger, that scary, scary.
Satanist type of filmmaker will be showing his movies, such as Lucifer Rising.
And yeah, that's July 21st.
Well, just watch your newspapers for that Chicago Underground Film Festival.
It seems like it's going to be a hell of a party.
And what else do we have coming up here next?
Things to do on an elevator, number 17.
Stare.
Grinning at another passenger for a while and then announce,
I've got new socks on.
And number 19, Praise Bob.
Okay.
Dear friends, I have here a reading I would like to do for you from a self-help publication here by none other than Nenslow.
Yes, once again, more Nensletic ranting.
Not.
Spoken by the great Nenslow himself, but unfortunately by me.
But let's check some more appropriate background music, shall we?
Personal Freedom Now.
An essay by Nenslow.
Nenslow.
Any tips, dear friends, for freeing yourself from the constraints of friendship?
The following techniques have been tried and tested by experts, but they are not guaranteed.
A guarantee promises compensation if something doesn't work, and these alienating behavior patterns absolutely will work every single time.
If, after applying them, you have not become the most despised person you know, you aren't trying hard enough.
Use these simple guidelines as a basis for your own.
Only investigate it as 69% Then find out if you will proceed to the goal.
Never do anything you've ever thought of.
My friends.
Get drunk.

Be friends.



Everybody's wise.
I don't know a lot of, so I'll try this.
I am quite excited to find some help.
Please join me in a foundational effect of this reviews pulled from Move My Body by Bruce
and Team Dec OVER by меня.

www.G complexes.org.
My bill is a three-zig euro.
Blog Iglo by Bruce,Really 아이� mark by Lawrenceumnos.com.

Like Java, I believe you think that.
to them, drunks not only look bad and smell bad, they think bad. The only people who enjoy
being around drunks are other drunks. Modern science has not yet determined whether daily
drinking actually destroys the personality or if people with lousy personalities naturally
become drunks. What's certain is that drunks have no real sense of being a part of the
world, and this puts them in a constant defensive posture which can cause great pain and frustration
for any non-drunk who befriends them. Here then are the best and most successful approaches
for ridding oneself of friends, family, and co-workers.
1. Be a know-it-all. There are many exciting ways to apply know-it-allism and make yourself
very unpleasant to be around. Try researching one obscure byway of knowledge and bring it
into everything.
2. Be a good friend. When your friends admit they don't know much about it, they provide
you with a perfect opportunity to enforce your position of superiority by mocking their
ignorance.
If you are among the lucky few with wide knowledge and good recall, take every opportunity to
educate everyone you know by delivering long monologues on any topic they think they know
something about. This works best when they want to tell you about an intriguing fact
they've learned or an interesting book they've just read.

3. Be a know-it-all. Not only do you get to be an authority, but you deprive them of
the pleasure of sharing something they like, perhaps even making them wish they'd never
heard of it at all.
4. Be a know-it-all. The best way to be a know-it-all, though, is to treat everything
you've ever heard of except your personal field of favorite topics as old-hat, lame,
and juvenile, lacking any redeeming quality for genuinely knowledgeable people like yourself.
5. Be a know-it-all. Anything you don't already know all about can be a good thing to do,


and you can be treated as if it doesn't matter. This leaves your soon-to-be ex-friends
without a leg to stand on unless they abandon every field of knowledge not officially approved
by you.
2. Have a negative attitude. This one's easy. Just complain about everything all the time.
Make sure everyone knows how much you think life sucks. Since perfection is unobtainable
in this world, there's always something wrong with everything, giving you limitless opportunities
to bitch about anything, anytime, anywhere. Conversation lagging? Fill it in by telling
your latest unpleasant experience. The weather, the government, other people, your job, your
other friends , all these and millions of other topics are fair game
for dissection. Ignore anything that looks okay, and seek out anything of which you don't
approve. It won't take long, believe you me. Be careful, though, because some people
use complaining as a form of communication, and actually gain comfort from sharing complaints.
You can count them out by drowning them out. Which leads to our next technique.
3. Disregard the feelings of others. Let's face facts. You are the only person who really
matters, and everyone else has to conform to your standards. So talk about yourself
all the time. Start sentences with I as much as possible, and tell everyone all about
the many fascinating experiences you've had, especially in regard to high school drug use
and any military service you may have enjoyed. They're lucky to have a chance to be your
friend at all, and if they don't like what you do, let them go be someone else's friend.
You've had it rough, been rejected all your life, and now you get to judge. You get to
accept or reject them.
If they tell you how they really feel about things without being careful to tailor every
phrase to your tastes, if they persist in having opinions of their own, if they refuse
to accept you as ultimate authority on the correct mode of life, out they go.
So they feel bad they'll get over it. That's why you don't trust anyone, so you won't
feel bad when they inevitably reject you. Beat them to the punch, and be sure to tell
them exactly how and why they have proved themselves unworthy of you.
Strangers? Don't talk to me about strangers. They aren't really people. They're just hollow,
instrumental beings. Feelingless flesh robots, designed to do things that you don't like.
Take every public opportunity to put them in their place without actually provoking
violence. And if they obviously can't or won't fight back, pop them one and go brag to your
friends about it.
They'll be so repelled by your apparent failure to evolve that they may terminate
your friendship on the spot.
And here's another very valuable one, friends.
Be unbelievably fragile. It's a delicate and refined art to be both utterly insensitive
to others and insanely hypersensitive about yourself, but it can be done.
Start by interpreting any points of difference between you and your friends as a criticism
of our inappropriate actions.




of you. Think of their lives as a critique of yours, and the more you agree on, the more they
approve of you. When you find you disagree, immediately point out one of their inadequacies
to even the score. If you've done well on the previous techniques, you'll find plenty of chances
to put this one to good use. Keep telling yourself, there's nothing wrong with me, while you interpret
their individuality as disapproval. Go even further by giving vent to your emotional reaction
to things you think they're implying by any statement they make. You don't have to wait for
criticism when you can create it out of expressions, gestures, tones of voice, or many other
undisprovable subjective statements. If their explanation starts to look too much like you
really are mistaken, accuse them of having whatever motives you think they're about to say you have.
It doesn't have to make sense as long as you come out on top. Or try these quick tips.
Always demand their attention. Never give them yours. Use those long dead periods in the
conversation when the other person is talking to prepare the next portion of your monologue,
like this one. Tell the same few stories over and over in great detail. This works best when drunk.
Pick your favorites and stick with them.
Making them longer each time. Never let others apply the same standards to you that you apply to them.
Be sure they know how silly they are to be upset when you destroy their personal possessions
through negligence. Mock any display of sincerity, sensitivity, or emotion you see in your friends
or others as weak or childish. Evade any responsibility for your reactions by blaming
whoever or whatever inspired the reaction. It's their fault.
Man in a car.
oline
suffering victim. Send friends a copy of this rant with everything that you think applies to them
underlined in red. Yes, friends, millions of people use these valuable techniques every day
without even thinking about it. If you're like them and you've already lost most of your friends,
maybe you can find other ways of using this handy guy. Any of these techniques can be used to gain
friends simply by eliminating it permanently from your life. Sometimes just taking a good look at
ourselves and trying to see if we do any of these things we really hate in others is all it takes to
begin making ourselves better people. We can't do that though until we realize that everyone else is
just as human, just as sensitive, and just as desirous of attention and respect as we are.
Oh yes, and what a touching end to quite a wonderful self-help rant by Nenslow. Dear friends,
you are listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack. And if you want more information
on the teachings of the Church of the Subgenius, Nenslow, or Bob, Bob Dobbs, you can write to Bob.
You can write directly and personally to that man, J.R. Bob Dobbs. And his post office box number is...
as follows. Got the pencil ready? That's w-what happened to the music?
philanthropy
Ok, that pencil ready is post office box
1080306 Dallas Texas 75214, once again that's PO Box 140306
Dallas, Texas 75214
Ah yes, and I have no idea what we're going to play next
But I'm sure that it will be hilariously wonderful
Oh wait, yeah, I did
Excuse me
I didn't know what we'll put on next
This is Dr. Dinosaur with his latest report
From the Institute, thank you
Greetings from the Yeti Geneti Research Institute
This is Dr. Dinosaur, regional Tibetian Rantarian
And primary researcher
The doctor is on
Among the many projects constantly being developed
And exploding here at the Institute
Is the SCEEB device
Or the Self-Contained Exploding Head device
Using the high-pressure anti-vacuum
Created by explosive decompression of pinkness
We can promise consistent launching of any head
From any stage
To any place
For any distance
Unfortunately, so far it remains at the any head level
We cannot yet promise which head it will be that launches
Another startling discovery in loud noise
Is our Slackion particle accelerator
The development of this project
Was the reason that funding was cut
For the Superconducting Super Collider
That little pellet gun of a matter blaster
With the Slackion particle accelerator
We have been able to measure the local density of the luck plane
And influence its warpage and woofage
In order to tune the flow of reality in any manner we wish
In fact, this is the only way the device can exist
Its entire output must be directed at searching out the exact luck pattern
Which allows it to stay in operation without exploding
And taking most of the matter-energy universe with it
The accusation that its inevitable failure will doom the various races
Uber races, and other projects that are in the process of being destroyed by the SCEEB device
And gods in its vicinity
To be completely obliterated
Is entirely unfounded
We are, however, accepting donations to help pay the electric bill
This is really, really important
That's all for now from the Institute
Remember, your Yeti heritage is in your genes
Keep your hand out of your pocket
What are you trying to pull?
Praise Bob!
The Doctor is off
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
