Oh yeah!
Do you want to stand alone against the whole world?
There's no place for originality.
We've tried to teach you the accepted historical style.
You refuse to learn.
No, can't you be a little...
Oh, how clumsy.
No, no.
Subliterally encrusted into the right there.
I can't hear you in the headphones.
Hello?
Can't hear you in the headphones.
Sorry.
We're plugged in.
Okay, wow.
Spent some time with Bob Dobbs.
Right.
The two are very difficult to hold up.
Oh, it's very loud.
Yeah, I can hear you.
Oh, I can hear you very loudly.
Once again, conflict on planet Earth.
Problems all over the globe.
No one is certain exactly what happened last Memorial Day weekend when ten-year-old Puzzling
Evidence was jumping rope with some of his little friends in the Bronx.
Oh, no.
Where are you going, Bob?

Look at him.

It's nothing for him, this weird bad boy.








Okay, Robert needs aELLMğiNg a medios kinda team and just jumping with you.
Four years have past and he still searching for someone in his next life.
Don't worry.
No need to worry about it and be sure that we still provideagen to all of us.
I've got a feeling that the crisis will have another thing to do.
I would like to know if Bob Dobbs is just the most exemplary too the group of men he's
running to today, right?
Could you talk about his social Asian self and the reason why he's living here?
here on the air and uh well uh we're doing our best to bring to you the listeners
it's a real collage and it's full of bites right in fact you may end up using more of that
well we'll we'll we'll see
back into show time to begin to worry about signing a 90-minute tip
and now the subgenius hour of
you can't hope to survive unless you learn how to compromise you're setting out to ruin yourself
you know that don't you i ought to throw you out of here right now before it's too late
i i wish i'd done this at your age
that's from the radio show oh i know what y'all want to do there's got to be some
peculiar little station in london that's like non-commercial and public supported
call them up tell them to get the hour of slap from america
we don't want to see you
do a weekly subgenius radio show it's not just one preacher talking it's like
everything you ever wanted to hear in your life but didn't know you wanted to hear it until you
heard that show
it's a federal communications commission bogey uh pay it no never mind
i tell you
uh yeah yeah
do you wanna do it
do you wanna come a bit closer to your mic patrick
patrick no i'm i'm
i can hear okay
just like to tell you shh you know what you're doing today
what you mean what i'll be doing today well i'll be down in a bit of a period
trying to find your normal voice
in my normal voice
oh normal yeah let's be normal patrick can be normal
what's your connection with ivan
um me and ivan we go way back both of us were handed a very heavy responsibility by our names

mentors and we've been trying to carry our message through to a slackless world basically
a slackless world
a world without slack
oh why did you have to come to me i'm perfectly happy with a drooling dose i've got i don't want any fool visionaries starving around here you're an egotist you're impertinent you do so of yourself
20 years ago i'd have punched your face with the greatest of pleasure
you're coming to work for me tomorrow morning at nine o'clock
you're coming to work for me tomorrow morning at nine o'clock
you're coming to work for me tomorrow morning at nine o'clock
you're coming to work for me tomorrow morning at nine o'clock
oh yes dear friends it's amazing how those little segways can happen when you're when you're raving mad
oh well as they say
bloody hell
bloody hell
i'm feeling as bent as a nine bob
no i'm not
i'm feeling as bent as a nine bob
but praise the nine bob
but praise the nine bob
let's um hop in the show dear friends and see if we can go to a rave
let's um hop in the show dear friends and see if we can go to a rave
can you sort it out
somewhere down the road i'm sure
now careful that's a cop over there
alright drive drive carefully
alright drive drive carefully friends
there it is the map
to the rave
found in the rave 4 game
found in the rave 4 game
well let me explain what's happening here
well let me explain what's happening here
it has actually been happening last week
your dear friend and prayer partner reverend stang
went to a
the first subgenius
devival in London
not London Texas
London England to preach
and it was a wonderful revival
we saved many souls
we set up many new business accounts
and even
established i think
a london office for the church
headed by our dear friend reverend Stang
lore. But the thing was, I got plunged into the rave scene in London, which I really didn't
know anything about. And if you're not familiar with it, well, you know, it's the music and
the pills and the mind machines and the jargon. Especially the jargon. Oh, it's a, it's a,
and these are ravey beats you're hearing in the background. Now, of course, many of you
are like going, well, duh, Reverend Stang, where have you been? Why, that was hip two
years ago. It's all sold out now. Well, that may be, but why, there's still some of those
customers out there waiting to buy more and they need more slack. And that was what we
were trying to preach, dear friend. Kind of interesting, the people I met, the subgenius
people in London.
This particular show or revival was sponsored by a group called Evolution or E-Volution,
as they say it.
Be exactly as you'd like to be.
What happened to the music?
Who also publish a magazine called Evolution or the Encyclopedia Psychedelica? Get the
picture? They're sort of like Mondo 2000 here in the States. In other words, if you can
make it, you can make it.

If you can make your way past the trendy buzzwords, there's probably something there. We tried
to put even more into it. Now, they were the ones who sponsored the show, but the actual
manipulation of the whole thing, what started it off, yeah, that's what we're trying to
do.
Um, Bob Dobbs, good friend, BP Wow, of the Wow.
Group, or the Wow Foundation, acting through his, um, tool on Earth, Reverend Patrick Treloar,
who is, well, he's BP Wow's and Bob's man, BP's and Bob's man in London. Uh, and he's
also the creator of something called the Rave Game. The soundtrack of the Rave Game is playing
in the background. Can you imagine a game, a board game? This is a board game. I like it.
I like Monopoly. Only it comes with a tape, heard in the back, and as the publicity, I
can, I can, um, I can read you about this game, friends, because, well, it's not on
sale in the United States yet.
But as it says right here, civilization is rocked by the Acid House board game. Phew,
what a scorcher. Go on, get on, and get one, matey.
Question mark? The whole of civilization was rocked to its foundations today by the
release of the world's first Acid House board game, allegedly designed by a spaced-out weirdo
from Tibet. A director of the Wow Group, the game is taking the whole wide universe by
storm. Rave, the board game, hit the streets amid a rush of frenzied activity. Mental,
mental, mental, mental was the cry as hordes of hooded top teenagers besieged their local
records.
The world's first game in rave shops, with only one question on their lips. Where's the
game?
Devised by Acid Ted Guru. Now, that means, Acid Ted means tough kids, teddy boys, hoods,
that take LSD. That's what it means over there. Acid Ted Guru, B.B. Wow, will still glowing
from a strange combination of Tibetan herbal remedies and an unrelenting night of trance
dancing exactly two crimbo's ago. Rave, the game, is taken great Britain by storm and
is poised to take over the world.
Allegedly, the aim of the game is to get to a rave before it gets busted without getting
busted yourself. Once there, tokens exchange, er, players exchange their collected energy
tokens, get it, get it kids, for dance cards and to peek at a solid one hundred twenty
beats per minute. Enough times to finish the evening saying wow! And I learned what the
Wow group is about. I didn't realize at that point that秌ا


about is doing things that when you see them, you or hear them, you go, wow. And I believe
there may be some possibilities there. As it says here, we at WOW believe that ravers
appreciate and deserve quality. And with, for that quality, and for that warm, mellow
afterglow feeling in mind, offer you the ultimate post-rave ambient pastime, rave the board
game, 18 months in the making, and wicked enough to keep for a lifetime. Promising,
spectacular visuals, rockin' mixes, ambient track strategy, like, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Well, it was wonderful for me to be plunged into that strange world, and we're going to
plunge back into that strange world together. As I play, what, a few tapes, I was able to
pull together in a brief time since I've been back. I understand Willow Dobbs did a
wonderful show last week, which I haven't even had time to hear yet. Thanks, Willow
Dobbs. It wasn't exactly as you wanted it to be.
So, uh, are we all there? Okay. Okay, so, uh, I understand. What exactly is a church
of some genius? Well, in the 1950s, Bob Dobbs founded this sort of disorganized religion
for misfits, mutants, disbelievers, or particularly those who will believe anything. And he was
used as a cover player and

비슷
messenger
and a
pastor
this thing. Okay, move the antenna just a little bit.
From the minute the doctor spanks you behind when you're born, the conspiracy starts taking
it away. And what they're trying to do is turn you into a normal person. Bob and we,
the preachers of Bob, are trying to turn people back into their original selves.
It's no use! You took over when I gave it up. My heir, eh? And look at it! You haven't
got any further than I have.
You won't!
How many years have you been on your own now? And what have you got this show for?
It's only been ten years.
I didn't expect it to be easy. But those who want me will come to me.
They don't want you, son, don't you understand? This is what they want.
They're coming. They're coming in the windows. They're coming in the doors.
Oh yeah? Okay. Yeah?
The Christian zombies!
Oh, I thought you meant the slush bumps. You know, the fiends without a face, those little brains, come hop around, sit on the furniture up there.
They brought the prayer warriors up with the baseball bats. They depressed bats in people's windows.
Stand back up now! Fight the fiend zombie!
We've got to strike back. It's time to prank the preacher!
Time to fire the preacher!
Think to yourself, and question the Lord.
Think to yourself, and question the Lord.
Yeah, easy for you to say, Tim.
So, so, so, sort of like, um, what, like free spirits?
Oh, much worse than that. If, uh, if we were able to turn everyone completely free, uh,
well, they, we wouldn't be on the radio now. They, they would have locked us up a long time ago.
So, we try to disguise the preachings of slack as almost like entertainment, or, or humor.
And somehow they, uh, let us get away with this.
So, so, would you say almost then that, that, that what you're advocating is like a state of anarchy?
Oh, like, uh, much worse than anarchy. Uh, we call, we call our political stance patriopsychotic anarcho-menace.
A state of materialism by which every home is a kingdom, and every child and dog is a, a serf.
So, so, uh, under that banner, what, what exactly is it that the church is subgenius African?
Well, you, for one thing, you'd be able to declare war on your neighbors.
You hold your own ideas and you'll starve.
Gayle, why don't you give people what they ask for?
The common, the vulgar, and the trite.
And it's making the most powerful man living.
Can you fight that?
I never notice it.
Look, you see those people down there?
You know what they think of architecture?
I don't care what they think of architecture, or anything else.
Although the conspiracy has tried to, uh, sell you slack in the form of, uh, fashionable clothes,
or something, some new toy that you think is going to give you slack,
uh, the, the best way to get slack, of course, is to, uh, make donations to the church of the subgenius.
Study your book of the subgenius.
Uh, play the rave game, which is, uh, uh, in, in infested and encrusted with, uh, subliminal messages about slack.
And the mo-, even more immediate than that, the people out there should simply repent, quit your job, and slack off.
The New Materials Demand
The New Materials Demand

The New Materials Demand
It's easy to say that you can't borrow pieces of another's shape, just as one man can't borrow another's soul.
Howard, every new idea in the world comes from the mind of some one man.
And you know the price he has to pay for it.
Okay, alright, I get the idea. Jesus!
Can I declare war on the forces of darkness and religious deception?
I called you three years ago, Bob.
I was talking about my mom locking me under the house and feeding me dog food and stuff.
I guess the thing that, you know, I really wanted to say today was I was so frustrated when I heard while ago how, you know,
you're saying that you're a farce.
And I just kind of got tears in my eyes because I thought, you know, Satan is such a deceiver.
And, you know, like Skull and Bones, George Bush, he belongs to a fraternal organization called Skull and Bones.
Well, Bob's controversial, but it's the controversy that draws an unsaved listener.
That was Dwindling Intelligence and his tamed caller, Poop the Peep Dog Hat.
And now let's go to our next and presumably more interesting caller, Mrs. Iveen Schwartz of Oakland, California.
Yeah, the truth is we just haven't made that one out yet.
She's a composite of a number of women in the New York area.
Hi, boys.
Have killed.
We're men family members.
Turn her up a little.
I can't see.
Hey, you're losing her.
But, man.
Ted loves to get your dirty underwear.
Oh, cut it out, will ya?
You know, this is a kind of a family program.
I know that because my family listens to it all the time.
Okay, okay, okay.
So, what exactly are you doing over here, Ivan?
Well, I'll be preaching the word of Bob Wednesday night.
I mean, is it not?
At the University of London Union.
We will be performing a short-duration mass marriage.
Everybody in the room cannot leave without being married in the eyes of Bob Dobbs.
And they'll only be married for 24 hours, but it gives them 24 hours where anything they want to do is completely sanctified.
And, of course, if they like it, they can always come back for another short-duration marriage.
We know what kind of question is that.
It's not that.
Why?
Why are you guys talking about the Christians?
Well, it's like, here's our philosophy about the pinks in general.
It's not, get, now don't get me wrong.
It's not, it's not that we hate Jesus.
Jesus is just another, you know, damn preacher.
It's his fan club that gives us a little bit of trouble sometimes, you know?
Personally, I was like,
Jesus hung around with, with, uh, drunks, uh, gays, hookers, anybody, you know, had to make friends with or whatever.
He wasn't quite as squeamish as some of his followers, I think, probably.
Jesus is a closet subgenius!
Oh, no doubt.
But, what we worship, if we were going to be, uh, Christian about it, we would worship the fighting Jesus.
Not the dandy, pandy, crybaby, guilt-ridden, school-marred Jesus.
We worship the werewolf Jesus!
The football-playing Jesus!
The Jesus that's...
Okay, let me ask you, I'm sure there's some Christians in here that get a bit upset with what we're saying.
But I'm gonna ask you a question.
What brand did Jesus smoke?
And I, I didn't think you'd be able to tell me, and I bet your preacher can't tell you either.
Jesus smoked Chesterfields.
Jesus Christ smoked Chesterfields.
And yet, that brand was not invented 2,000 years ago.
But we believe it anyway because faith is all that counts!
We wouldn't want to take away anybody's faith because, as Mark Twain said, faith is the absolute only thing they have to believe with.
If you just felt Bob coming, you better go get a test tomorrow.
We'll move on to the bad story to serve your country!
What?
Howard, it's no use.
Give in. Compromise.
Compromise now.
You'll have to later anyway.
Why are you saying that to me? That's not what you did.
That's why I'm saying it.
Because it's not what I did.
If you want to end up this way, it's your future.
Do you want it?
Yes.
Then may God bless you, Howard. You're on your way into hell.
I want to help you.
I don't give or ask for help.
Oh, why don't you drop it?
What?
Oppose. All the ideals, if you prefer.
You can't stand alone. Give in.
Learn to get along with people. Start to design the kind of buildings everybody else does.
Then you'll be rich. You'll be famous. You'll be admired.
You'll be one of us.
Is that what disturbs you about me, Peter? That I want to stand alone? Is that it?
I don't know.
Think for yourself and question authority.
Think for yourself and question authority.
The ellipse has rapidly become the most desirable prism available.
It can appear as though it's a two-dimensional ellipse. Impossible, you say?
See for yourself and be amazed.
Very unusual beauty, color, optical imagery.
Large size. Four and a quarter inches long with felt base.
Subgenius Ellipse Prism 2495. That's order number 4288.
The crystalline structure of the control metal seems to be acting like a DNA model for the flesh.
It's like a molecular union but with organic and inorganic compounds.
In other words, we think it's alive, the whole thing.
And we think it's growing.
Growing?
Subgenius Ellipse Prism 2495. The control metal is a crystal.
It's a crystal.




And religion is a pretty good area to work in sales.
And Bob founded his church on...
Rather than founding it on a rock, he founded it sort of on a ten dollar bill.
The mutants and the abnormals particularly need slack.
We're trying to lead this sort of revolution before 1998.
You see, we've got the exact date for the end of the world.
You may have heard some of these kooky, silly, weird cults talking about the end of the world
and their ridiculous prophecies and so forth.
Bob has the actual date.
And remember this, folks.
It's 7 PM, July 5th, 1998.
The men from Planet X will come down and everyone carrying a Subgenius membership minister's card in their pocket
will be ruptured up into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses from Planet X.
And those who don't have that...
That membership card will just be left behind to fry in their own fat like strips of bacon,
which I personally would be very happy to watch from my front row seat.
Watch those pink boys and normals get what they have coming to them.
Where can I sign up?
Resistance is useless!
You can sign up as well!
Resistance is useless!
Now give it a rest!
Waiting for the UFO!
I am controller of Planet X.
The connection between comets and our own existence may be greater than thought.
These messengers of destruction, they too have been the harbingers of life.
Waiting for the UFO!
Waiting for the UFO!
In a starring vehicle.
A living machine so complex that all that is possible is impossible.




The end result will be a weapon to letting comets play with the mucus of our skin.
But, and not some conspiracy world government, must be there in a position of world leadership
that is quite dramatic.
Reacted to the exorcist in ways they can understand so they don't put us out of our misery.
In far away and frozen places on Earth, we are finding the evidence of our connection to the cosmos.
Everything into the hole and buried.

We are not buried at all, forever.
Recalibration.
Living image floating in.
This holographic recalibration appears to float eerily in space, magically turning its head to follow you as you pass.
Publication of the Church of the Subgenius.
Beautifully crafted with a high gloss flesh-like finish, your mysterious guest will amaze and mystify.
How does this severed Arnold Palmer head work?
Well, I promise not to tell.
Yes, um, bloody or non-bloody.
Our choice, please.
That's order number 5807, living image 998.
Excuse me, I just wanted to...
Also with the Reverend Ivan Stang is Patrick Wow.
Um, Patrick, you're from the UK.
We're sort of traditionally a bit of a reserved bunch.
How do you think we're going to take this on board?
I think it'll be very difficult.
I think it'll involve a lot of pain and personal exorcisms by some people.
They will eventually, obviously, find that the message to the true subgeniuses in this country cannot fail but pull Bob out of them.
And at that time, they will bear witness and they will become part of the Church of the Subgenius.
The same as anybody else that the true subgenius has gone to when the message comes.
Those who plan to wed tonight need to get up off their butts and come forward.
If you don't,
which you don't seem to be doing,
what is with these...
You all are so reserved.
Why are the English so polite?
You're going to have to get over this politeness thing, man.
You're never going to be able to take over the world again being so damn polite.
Now here's three, a lovely triple or couple type group.
Oh my God.
My heart is getting...
Where do we go?
Now remember,
boys and boys is okay.
Girls and girls.
We got two guys and a woman.
We got a man and woman.
We got a man and woman.
We got several single guys.
Here's three.
All right, here's a big commune getting married here, friends.
A man in a bag.
A man in a bag.
Yes, marry the man.
Bring up your court suit.
You can marry your dead relatives, your ancestors.
He's marrying his keys.
The Freemason will never lose his keys again because he will be married to them.
There are some more.
This man's marrying his balloon.
I want to marry Tim Leary.
This guy's going to marry Tim Leary as well as a dozen other people.
You can marry your favorite porn star tonight.
You can...
Wait a minute.

You can consummate that marriage in your mind.
And just like I say, it's all sanctified.
It's absolved.
No guilt.
And it's going to last 24 hours exactly after the time that...
Is it karma-free?
Well, we haven't figured the exact moment.
Is it karma-free as well as guilt-free?
Karma-free.
There will be no karmic repercussions from anything you do involving your married partner.
Take a look.
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Yes, praise Bob, dear friends.
A lovely moment from a subgenius revival in England.
Before that, some Dad's new slacks, X Day Mix, and of course KPFA, Dr. Howell and Puzzling Evidence.
Sound clips from the movie of The Fountainhead by Anne Rand.
Cuts by Nick Nolan and the evolution record of Timothy Leary.
All mixed together in a great hour of slacks.
Side one of which is about to end.
Oh, yes, and I bet you know just what to do now.
Plum, apple, doughnut, plum pudding, stuffing all a swim in a swamp of bog oak gravy for that Greek-in-hearted dude.
Roast beef of old zealand.
He could not have touched it.
See what happens when your somatophage merman takes his fancy to our vegetarian...
...pig's mouth.
...and the
...
The public wouldn't like it.
It would shock people.
It's too different, too original.
Originality is fine, but why go to extremes?
There's always a middle course.
So we want to preserve your beautiful design, but just soften it a little with a touch of classical dignity.
Here.
Excuse me, I just wanted to bring in the tape here, okay?
Boy, you're all elbows and knees, buddy. I never saw anybody so malatoid.
It's crazy out there, but listen, I've got...
Glad we've got Janitor's weekly input here on the floppy desk.
And I thought I'd show you this video.
Well, he's got, you know...
Oh, yeah, just put it in the projector and we'll run that film right now.
Let's see that film clip now.
Well, it's actually video and digital.
But we have every week from the far-flang, flunderhands of Texas, moments of information coming from Gordon G. Gordon.
This week, bringing you into focus...
Dr. Welm Brau.
Hello, and Dr. Powell's here.
Old fist good.
I'm over here in Visigoth City, Dr. Welm Brau.
Think about the fist.
And this is G. Gordon Gordon.
For this week, perhaps we should turn our attention...

to more problematic news on the front.
By now, most of you will have received that piece of absolutely putrid and foul and inflammatory material...
pretending to be the stark fist of removal, that is to say, the official publication of the Church of the Subgenius.
But, friends, I'm here to tell you that I have positive proof through computer scanning and a holographic recalibration...
that this is not the real stark fist.
No, friends, you hear it first on the Uber Brau Network.
This is not the real stark fist.
No, indeed, this is a putrid and foul concoction of absolutely miserable stuff...
that could not possibly have been put together by the Church of the Subgenius.
And sure enough, it wasn't.
So, join us today and boycott the new stark fist.
The pink fist.
Bad.
Old fist.
Good.
And that's about the way it looks from over here in Visigoth City, Dr. Welm Brau.
And this is G. Gordon Gordon signing off and getting back to see if I can...
if I can kill all the... kill all the...
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!



Ah!
Ah!
I have a little agreement with the sentiments that last speaker expressed in my program.
I think it's really been so concisely put that something so neatly said was wrapped up in so pretty and pithy a package.
And you can quote me.
Ah, the problem of the new stark fist.
I'll have another Stein in my fist before I read another word of that mismatched organ.
Now there's a touch of the new and a touch of the old.
So it's sure to please everybody.
The middle of the road.
Why take chances when you can stay in the middle?
You see, it doesn't spoil anything.
Does it?
And we must always compromise with the general taste, Mr. Roach.
You understand that, I'm sure.
No.
If you want my work, you must take it as it is or not at all.
But why?
A building has integrity, just like a man.
And just as seldom.
It must be true to its own idea, have its own form, and serve its own purpose.
But we can't depart from the popular forms of architecture.
Why not?
Because everybody's accepted them.
I haven't.
Do you wish to defy our common standards?
I set my own standards.
Do you intend to fight against the whole world?
If necessary.
But after all, we are your clients and it's your job to serve us.
I don't build in order to have clients.
I have.
I have clients in order to build.
The rest of you can just sit there and watch.
Well, I would, but I mean, I've got a pie in the oven.
That is, otherwise...
You realize what you're doing?
Quite.
Roach, this is sheer insanity.
Can't you give in just once?
After all, you have to live.
Not that way.
Too much is always better than not enough, friends.
A little bit of...
What?
Do you feel the spirit?
Yes!
Put your hands on each other!
Psychedelic.
Extern.
Mind.
Psychedelic.
Extern.
Mind.
Psychedelic.
Extern.
Mind.
Psychedelic.

Mind.
Psychedelic.
Have either of you, you know, borne witness to Bob?
Well, I'm a professional preacher for J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He's made me rich.
I mean, look at this suit I'm wearing.
I wore it especially for this radio show.
Have I?
Oh, sorry.
What, has Ivan revealed himself to Bob?
Or has Bob...
Okay, sorry.
Okay, excuse me.
Has...
Has Bob...
Has Bob revealed himself to you, then, Ivan?
Oh, Bob came to me in the form of a blinding flash of light and an echoing voice, just like in the movies.
The way he usually...
The way people usually find Bob is he sells them something.
Bob, over the years, has probably sold everyone something.
Now he is trying to give them something.
He's trying to give them slack.
They will have to pay for it, but he's giving.
He's giving them something.
Excellent.
Thank you very much.
Nice of you.
Did that help you all right?
That would be wicked, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You ought to find some great stuff on that tape, too.
I hope the quality is okay.
Right.
Well, I'm sure it will be.
I'm sure it will be.
There's one more thing, and that is an evening of slack as a proposed kiss and a hug.
Thank you very much.
I'm so glad I got Aaron and Lola.
We're supposed to get married for 24 hours.
I'm trying to find someone that would be some kind of challenge.
I'm trying to find someone that would be a good match.


Erika pea.

I'm an evaluation side of a handled member, and Lisa, we can sort her that.
Your, oh, no.
Your personal counselor.
I don't think more than I think even an hour with me would kill him too much.
That's why I like to end the end on a message.
That's the people it should be.
Well, Doctor Drummond, I'm in the, in the London tube station with my…

And there's the classic busker up there.
I'm walking along with my new friend Gordon.
We've both got video cameras.
We're going to Hyde Park to rant.
Speaker's Corner.
Yeah, Speaker's Corner.
This is like the classic ranting spot of the English-speaking world.
I finally got a chance to do it the way it's supposed to be done in the classic spot.
So I'm going to do, I'll just start preaching.
What are you, were you just going to let them push you around like that?
My God, are you men or subgenius?
Oh, you're probably just men.
That's what it is, just a bunch of damn human men and women.
My God, and they haven't nuked all of you yet.
But there's one thing, there's one thing that will get you off of that path to pinkness.
And that's the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
I know you've heard of him.
I know you've heard of J.R. Bob.
Bob Dobbs, that man Bobby, that smiling man, that man with the pipe.
You've seen his face, grinning at you.
Big brother.
Oh, the conspiracy would rather call him big sibling.
Oh, yeah, more politically correct.
But you know what I mean.
Bob is here to bring you slack.
True slack.
Well, that was the saddest subgenius moment.
Standing there ranting to an audience of pigeons.
Yes, dear friends, it's true.
At Hyde Park, Speaker's Corner.
When I finally got there to preach the word of Bob, there wasn't a living soul.
Not a living soul, but I did it anyway.
Now, how many of your preachers would do that kind of a thing?
Well, I didn't want you to get caught up in that.
I didn't want you to get worried that I'd been out raving too much with these folks and turned into some sort of new ager.
In fact, that's exactly what we're trying to prevent.
Well, as the people at Evolution call it, they like the new New Age, which is a little bit, well, I guess you might just say sexier than the old New Age.
Ha, ha, ha.
But, well, I think we also heard a little bit of controversy there about the latest stark fist, speaking of such things.
As the church newsletter came out and was deemed pornographic by, well, our dear, some of our dear friends.
And while there was even a critique.
Ha, ha, ha.
And a critique there by G. Gordon Gordon.
I bet some of you were surprised that G. Gordon, an old, a nasty old hairy feller like G. Gordon Gordon would be upset about the terrible things we printed in the stark fist.
And guess what?
He wasn't.
He was putting on those Southern California, or Northern California folks.
Oh, there's my mic just popped back into place as the music ended.
Oh, yes, you can tell it was all meant to be.
And, uh.
But, well, here's what we have to say about, about all of that.
You see, it's, uh, as Saint Ayn Rand said, and Atlas shrugged in the, uh.
Now, you people on the phone banks, keep your voices down.
I'm going to be preaching here.
We're going to go back to the old, the old stuff.
Your old straight subgenius preaching.
I guess you could call it that.
It is the victims who made injustice possible.
It is the men of reason who made it possible for the rule of the brute to work.
The despoiling of reason has been the motive of every anti-reason creed on earth.
The despoiling of ability.
Has been the purpose of every creed that preached self-sacrifice.
The despoilers have always known it.
We haven't.
The time has come for us to see.
What we're now asked to worship, what had once been dressed as God or King, is the naked, twisted, mindless figure of the human incompetent.
This is the new ideal.
The goal to aim at.
The purpose to live for.
And all men are to be rewarded according to our claims.
And to be the most close they approach it.
This is the age of the common man, they tell us.
A title which any man may claim to the extent of such distinction as he has managed not to achieve.
He will rise to a rank of nobility by means of the effort he has failed to make.
He will be honored for such virtue as he has not displayed.
And he will be paid for the goods which he did not produce.
But we, we who must atone for the guilt of ability.
We will work to support him as he orders, with his pleasure as our only reward.
Since we have the most to contribute, we will have the least to say.
Since we have the better capacity to think, we will not be permitted a thought of our own.
Since we have the judgment to act, we will not be permitted an action of our choice.
We will work under directives and controls issued by those who are incapable of working.
They will dispose of our energy.
Because they have none.
They have none to offer it of our product.
Because they can't produce.
You say this is impossible, that it cannot be made to work?
They know it.
But it is you who don't.
And they're counting on you not to know it.
They're counting on you to go on.
To work to the limit of the inhuman and to feed them while you last.
And when you collapse, there'll be another victim starting out and feeding them while struggling to survive.
And the span of each succeeding victim will be shorter.
And when you'll die to leave them a railroad, your descendant in spirit will die to leave them a loaf of bread.
This doesn't worry the looters of the moment.
They plan like all the plans of all the royal looters of the past.
Their plan is only that the loot shall last their lifetime.
It has always lasted before because in one generation they couldn't run out of victims.
But this time, it will not last.
The victims are on strike.
We are on strike against martyrdom and against the moral code that demands it.
We're on strike against those who believe that one man must exist for the sake of another.
We're on strike against the morality of cannibals, be it preached in body or in spirit.
We will not deal with men on any terms but ours.
And our terms are a moral code which holds that man is an end in himself and not the means to any end of others.
We do not seek to force our code upon them.
They're free to believe what they please.
But for once, they will have to believe it and to exist without our help.
And once and for all, they'll learn the meaning of their creed.
That creed has lasted for centuries solely by the sanction of the victims.
By means of the victims' acceptance of punishment for breaking a code impossible to practice.
But that code was intended to be broken.
It is a code that thrives not on those who observe it, but on those who don't.
A morality kept in existence not by virtue of its saints, but by the grace of its sinners.
We have decided not to be victims any longer.
We've decided not to be sinners any longer.
We have ceased breaking that moral code.
We shall blast it out of existence forever by the one method that it can't withstand.
By obeying it.
We are obeying it. We're complying.
In dealing with our fellow men, we're observing their code of values to the letter and sparing them all the evils they denounce.
The mind is evil?
We've withdrawn the works of our minds from society.
Not a single idea of ours is to be known or used by men.
Ability is a selfish evil that leaves no chance to be found.
We've withdrawn from the competition and left all chances open to incompetence.
The pursuit of wealth is greed, the root of all evil.
We don't seek to make fortunes any longer.
It's evil to earn more than one's bare sustenance.
We take nothing but the lowliest jobs, and we produce by effort of our muscles no more than we consume for our immediate needs.
We have seized burdening the weak with our ambition and have left them free to prosper without us.
Well dear friends, that little odd rant is from the mistress of all odd rants, I guess you could call her.
Anne Rand, whose book Atlas Shrugged I picked up from the library.


I picked it up recently and was shocked to find that it was like, well, it's like all the most hatefulest hate rants of the subgenius against normals only without slack.
There's no bob, nothing to balance it.
Friends, I mean, if you want a scary read, pick up probably anything by Anne Rand.
And you'll find it's a good one.

You'll probably, like me, you'll think half the time you'll be going, this needs to be said.
This desperately needs to be said.
And the other half of you will be going, man, I sure would hate to be married to her.
God almighty.
But what Atlas Shrugged is about, dear friends, is what if everybody who had half a brain
just got sick and tired of the crap?
And quit?
Just disappeared?
What if, what if, what if every, and I don't mean, now see, in Anne Rand's case, her idea of anybody with half a brain was the brilliant, rich, achieving industrialist and so forth.
And well, that's all well and good, but like I say, she forgot about, that was the only kind of slack she understood.
There was, there's so much more.
It's sad that some miss out on,
on the, the glory that can be slack.
And you can be an overman or an uber woman without building railroads or airports.
You can be an overman or an uber, we'll be doing a whole lot better than most pigs
if you're not pestering everybody else and trying to tell them what they should or shouldn't be thinking or doing.
And so I don't know.
I just, I just, I think,
as, as Bill Burroughs said,
our forefathers who built this great nation would be pretty disgusted to find out that a person's qualification for a job was dependent on a urine test.
Well.
What happened to the music?
What happened to the music?
What happened to the music?
What happened to the music?
Oh yes, beautiful, beautiful, what a, a wonderful, let's get back to some great,
that was some more, some more rave music from the, the soundtrack of this strange board game.
Created by the British, the London sub, well the, I mean there's probably a bunch of clinches in London and,
but I suppose that Reverend Patrick and his, his friends must be,
well I think they're the busiest dear friends.
They want to, they want to, they want to sell subgenius over there.
See, that's the difference, that's the true doctors.
They're the ones that figure out a way to, to make us both a, a bit for our coffers,
to get some copper in, you know what I mean?
Some cabbage and gravel.
Because this ain't the kind of church that just runs on love, dear friends.
Oh no, this is, of course, the church of the subgenius.
I'm about to give you an address to write to for special secret information
from the church of the subgenius.
Got your pen ready?
Got that pencil ready?
Why don't you try this?
Just try Bob.
Try the free information from Bob just by dropping us a card at post office box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214, USA.
And you too can become a subgenius.
You can become what we call a Bob-a-Law-o.
A Bob-a-Law-o, a medicine man, a diviner, a witch doctor, a, and father confessor, you might say.
All rolled into one.
The Bob-a-Law-os are the children of Bob, the owners of the tables of Connie.
The Bob-a-Law-os' powers are limitless and a word unto themselves.
And when a Bobby, one of the little Bobbies, has a, a problem in his life,
and it brings it to the Bob-a-Law-o,
he then analyzes it by means of the entrails and the bones and the dice.
For he carries with him a mojo bag.
It's a talisman, the mojo bag, which has its own guardian spirit.
It is prepared by a virgin who fills the bag and stitches it shut with human skin thread
and attaches it to a tiny pipe
with the name of Saint Janor engraved upon it.
The Bob-a-Law-os, my friends, can prepare you a love potion.
Yes, we make love potions.
Of course, some of these remedies require strong stomachs.
Our love potion involves, let's say you're casting a spell.
You have to remove the corn kernels from your, well,
you might say you use used corn kernels.
You toast them and ground them up, make them into a powder,
and then slip them into the tea or wine of the intended victim.
They drink this filter, filter spelled with a P-H, that's very important,
and then they fall madly in love with you.
That's one way to do it.
For those of you who must and probably should pay
to know what you really think.
Think to yourself and question authority.
Think to yourself and question authority.
Think for yourself and question authority.
Think for yourself and question authority.
Five years.
Five years.
Lord, what horrible, what horrendous, strange noises come bubbling up from the show.
Unexpectedly.
But, you know, that's the fun thing about it.
Every week, actually, we are definitely...
We don't know exactly what to expect from one minute to the next.
If we did, it'd be...
It really would be pretty boring, wouldn't it?
Because, you know, as Bob teaches us, evil is composed really of two polarizing aspects.
Negative evil and positive evil.
You'll be glad to know about positive evil, friends.
Whereas the negative aspect represents chaos and imbalance.
The positive aspect represents the demonic order and the entities.
So that on the negative evil side, which is a passive principle,
the negative aspect of the passive negative evil principle is a principle of inertia,
whereby things just swing along in a Brownian motion.
In other words, when you put off that job that your boss wanted you to do,
that's really just a negative evil.
That's not a serious...
Evil.
Evil.
I mean, if...
If you do some victim-less crime, why, perhaps that's evil, but...
It's really just a negative evil, you know what I mean?
You see, the word of Bob has many, many excuses.
We...
We can't give you forgiveness because, well, we're not that well connected, but...
We can at least bring you...
That mighty excuse, which is that man Bob...
The next episode is coming soon.


It'll be very interesting.
See you then.
I love you, Bob.

Have a nice weekend.
Have a nice weekend.
Bye.
Thanks, guys.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.











The good name is Larry Nixon.
In a way of saying,
America,
who needs the hell
on his church
and give.
Thanking lives
for coming to our annual
fellowship.
It's on the Red Cross
and brochure and record.
Tom,
or whether you
sleep,
that's me.
And we say goodbye
to another show
and goodbye to
Reverend Michael Townsend.
It's mixed there.
That was from our sister show
up there in the Dad's New Slacks show
in Maine.
They play old hour slacks
and new slacks.
And we'll let this,
we'll go back to the
Swingin' Love Corpses
to take us out.
Goodbye.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
