Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack, sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of...
Maybe. It depends on how efficiently we smashed you flat.
And what bar those knobs has rained down?
Not me.
I'm waiting for those knobs has rained down on me.
I'm waiting for those knobs has rained down on me from within that glowing cloud.
Radiation slag gas fall everywhere.
Radiation slag gas last for a year.
Radiation slag gas already here in this beautiful mutant world.
Get ready, pink boys, they're coming after you.
Get ready, pink boys, they're coming after you.
Get ready, pink boys, they're coming after you.
From that big glowing cloud to the cloud.
Radiation slag gas fall everywhere.
Radiation slag gas last for a year.
Radiation slag gas already here in this beautiful mutant world.
Radiation slag gas fall everywhere.



Radiation slag gas already here in this beautiful mutant world.

Get ready fraud Swans coming after you.
Radiation slag gas last for a year.
Radiation slag gas already here
Radiation slag gas last for a year.
Radiation slag gas already here in this beautiful mutant world.

You know that didn't work.
Cat Freddy Normal's coming after you.
Cat Freddy Normal's coming after you.
Cat Freddy Normal's coming after you.
On that big glowing dog's head clap.
Radiation slack out, fall everywhere.
Radiation slack out lasts for a year.
Radiation slack out's already here in this beautiful mutant world.
Cat Freddy's coming after you.
Cat Freddy's coming after you.
Cat Freddy's coming after you.
On that big glowing dog's head clap.
Radiation slack out, fall everywhere.
Radiation slack out lasts for a year.
Radiation slack out, fall everywhere.

Radiation slack out's already here in this beautiful mutant world.
Ruben- compilation by Hazzy Productions flavors and music by tylkoone and duckwee
Come on. Come on!
Yeah!
Señor?
Chico, later.
Who is it?
There they are.
That ain't them.
Let me in!
What should I dog that the dog on train spray paint the dog do?
Let him in.
Hey, appears to me to get the job now stroke a day done.
Warning, Bob.
Drop that rifle.
Your connection will be terminated.
Pisces has opened the way to song.
I saw a man with a pipe and a grin
All in the new morning
light
Grinning at me like a madman
till he
made me uptight
I told him
don't bother me anymore
but he kept on just the same
till I was totally brainwashed
Bob is his name
Bob is my story
Bob is my story
Bob is my story
Bob is my story


Bob is my song
Bob's my amphetamine
Bob's my amphetamine
All the day long
All the day long
I won't rip my poster of
I won't rip my poster of

I'll feel no sadness or shame
I'll feel no sadness or shame
Till I behold him in Bob's town
Till I behold him in Bob's town
Bob is his name
Bob is his name
Bob's no lack of his patented slack
for those of his following fold
for those of his following fold
He is the
He is the friend of whoever will send
Greenbacks or gold
He's growing
stronger
He's growing

and stronger
taking all credit and blame
I'll be
a pink boy no longer
Bob is his name
Bob is his name


Oh, Bob is my story, Bob is my song, Bob's my amphetamine.
All the day long, I won't rip my poster of Dobbs down, I'll feel no sadness or shame,
till I behold him in Dobbs town, Bob is his name.
She sings from somewhere you can't see, she sits in the top of the greenest trees,
she sends out a rumour of undefined love, it drips on down into the summer buzz.
She's just a girl, she's just a girl, the girl you want.
She's just a girl, she's just a girl, the girl you want.
You hear me calling everywhere you turn, you know you're headed for the pleasure burn,
but the word gets stuck on the tip of your tongue, I'm the real thing but you knew it all along.
I'm just a girl, I'm just a girl, the girl you want.
I'm just a girl, I'm just a girl, the girl you want.
I'm looking you in your mouth, wondering, I'm looking you in your mind, spinning,
why don't we just admit it all over, I'm just a girl you want.
I'm just a girl, I'm just a girl, the girl you want.
I'm just a girl, I'm just a girl, the girl you want.
I say a good-bye to friends, to good-bye to something I can't save.
Say a good-bye to everythingroom, to the meaning of abattoir and happiness.
Say a good-bye to thesemächtigteworld Advoki, sad questo spectrumo,

Again, an cheesy song which is, she's just a girl, and she's just a girl,
the girl you want.
She's just a girl, she's just a girl, the girl you want.





I'm just a girl, the girl you want.
She's just a girl, I'm just a girl.
Alright, here we go.
Hey, you guys up, are you gonna marry yourselves?
Come on!
Everybody, we're gonna get married.
In the J.R. Bob Dobbs way.
I'm the Reverend Angry Larry.
So repeat every fucking thing I say.
Hey!
You...
You wanna get married?
Not to the guy up playing the guitar, you don't have to repeat that.
That's part of it, what I say, never mind.
Sex Mortis is on the drums, everybody give him a hand.
Okay, yeah, you can clap for him if you want, but I meant give him a hand.
Oh no, give him a handjob, that's what it is, sorry.
Yes, give Sex Mortis a handjob!
Okay, you on the left, whichever one you are, the male or female.
Look at the male or female to the other side.
And say, hey...
I think your dick or your cunt is pretty hot, maybe we should like get together.
And have a really good time.
Don't make any babies or anything.
Oh no, wait a minute, sorry.
We need more babies to keep the subgenius church going, so fuck a lot.
Now the other person, look at that person and go...
Oh yeah, that's pretty cool.
I would really like that.
Because we love Bob Dobbs, but secretly like dick Dobbs.
We're not pinks anymore.
We're part of this awesome church called the Church of the Subgenius.
And I want you all to say...
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
And Hail Connie!
Because without Connie there would be no anybody.
Well and the milkman.
Well the milkman and...
Okay, so, by the authority vested in me and J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Connie Dobbs, I now pronounce you man and woman and or object and or object.
Because some people marry their like...
Some people marry their like...
Shirt.
Shirt.
Some people marry their shirt.
Or their cigarette.
Or, yeah, or their genitalia which is kind of fucked up.
Oh yeah, and timing is a good thing.
So from now on you guys are duly authorized to do whatever the fuck you want with one another.
Stick the hole in whatever hole you want or stick the finger or...
In whatever hole you wish...
For 24 hours.
Yes, or the Templo Devo.
Which is like this.
So you guys are all short duration married.
Everyone within earshot is now short duration married.
So...
I also want to do another ceremony really quick.
That I was thinking about earlier today.
Since we got that one out of the way.
All right?
Did we?
Yeah.
We're done.
You said...
One, two, three, four.
Now this ceremony is a little bit different.
I just wanted to show everybody the Templo Devo.
So it's in the other world.
But it's chilled out.
Okay.
It's the world outside of here.
One, two, three.
And I'm going to show you how to do it.









One, two, three, four.
There you go.
Okay.
So we're going to do another...
Okay.
Now that was the end of your marriage.
Now you may kiss the bride and or groom while we giggle like retards.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Go ahead and consummate your...
Go ahead.
Come on.
Fuckers.
Now some of you may be experiencing a bit of polygamy at the moment.
So if you are in earshot and you're not comfortable with the polygamy you're experiencing,
I'm going to give you an out.
And we have a salve for that.
So here's the out.
For the first time that I can recall, we're going to do a short duration divorce.
Oh yeah.
So if you guys really don't think this is working out...
So if you guys are married in the real world to someone else, if you are married
to the person next to you in the real world and feel guilty about screwing around, you
can...
As of right now, you can partake in the short duration divorce.
Right.
Like you two.
You two can get divorced right now.
So all you have to say is...
I want you to repeat after me.
I am hereby short duration divorced.
And then insert whatever you were married to.
Right.
Okay.
So...
Thank you.
Now by the power invested in me by JR Bob Dobbs, you are all short duration divorced
from whatever you wanted to be short duration divorced from.
And so now you can all punch one another really hard while we laugh like retards.
Go ahead.
Come on.
So go ahead and consummate your short duration divorces.
Start socking.
Oh no, actually you're supposed to make out with the person next to you that you didn't
marry and you didn't divorce.
Right.
The whole point here was that you wanted to be able to screw around without getting in
trouble for screwing around.
That was the point of the short duration divorce.
Right.
Well then you can do whatever you want.
I'm sorry.
So that's that.
Does someone have any more beer for us?
No.
We're going to have a beer.
Okay.
Thanks.
Bye.


Bye.
Bye.
Bye.








Hey, Customers.
Are you ready to sleep in my awesome,giante shortor
bralette top?
Enjoy!
Did you enjoy it?
Nah Ha.
That's not the right word?
Now he's a happy guy
Now he's a happy guy
Now he's a happy guy
Well it's a random tune
On a game so weird
Unpredictable
Unpredictable
But it stops somewhere
Because time keeps ticking away
Time keeps on ticking away
Because time keeps ticking away
Time keeps on ticking away
Let me tell you about a man
A tragic case, love kicked in his face
He shriveled up and died from a broken heart
Reincarnated as a work of art
He's got a brand new start
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!

Now he's a happy guy
Now he's a happy guy
Now he's a happy guy
Now he's a happy guy
Now he's a happy guy
Now he's a happy guy
Don't be that guy at a party
That gets a girl hammered
Hoping for some action
If she has to be drunk
That just means you suck
Don't be that guy at a party
See someone sleeping in an empty bedroom
Thinks it might be fun to touch
Get this in your head
That ain't cool, man
That ain't cool, man
That ain't cool, man
And you know, and you know
Don't be that guy at the office that gotta make it clear
The office is always standing
These folks, they're just here to work
Don't be that guy at the office that takes a smile
As a cue to get all touchy
That just makes you some kind of jerk
Cause that ain't cool, man
No, that ain't cool, man
That ain't cool, man
And you know, and you know
That ain't cool, man
No, that ain't cool, man
Said that ain't cool, man
And you know, and you know
That self-control's a skill that's learned by five-year-olds
Even my dog learned to stay
So if you get the chance to get away with something wrong
Do us all a favor and do the right thing anyway
Don't be that guy on the subway
That uses the occasion to get a love on someone
Come on, at least act like you've evolved
Don't be that guy on the street
The guy who announces what he's doing
With that ass
That don't get you no points at all
Cause that ain't cool, man
No, that ain't cool, man
Said that ain't cool, man
And you know, and you know
That
Don't be that guy on the street
That just stands by and watches as the others
Behave in ways you know are wrong
Don't be that guy on the street
That holds his tongue for whatever reason
Go on, use words, your words are strong
That ain't cool man
That ain't cool, man
That ain't cool, man
That ain't cool, man
That ain't cool, man
All right.
Try that at home, kids.
Bye, kids.
Bye, kids.
The United Nations has killed more than 1,100 small people in the region.
The U.N.'s top human rights official says PR news may be a war crime.
This is PR News.
Authorities in Tennessee struck yesterday, destroying at least 10 homes.
And people get out to see if any of that damage was caused by the National Weather Service.
The Tennessee Emergency Management Agency is defaulting on billions of dollars in debt.
With the clock face-to-face with court-appointed vultures.
On Wall Street, 22-16-9-2-1.
The Ukrainian government says this is PR News in Washington.
He was formed in primordial ooze.
When chemicals merged and something grew.
He split in two and then in four.
So now today, there's a whole lot more.
Viva Amoeba, the lowest form of life.
Tommy Amoeba, he'll make it all right.
Others evolved to higher forms.
The dodo bird and the dinosaur.
The human being.
And cockapoo.
Tommy remained to himself true.
Viva Amoeba, the lowest form of life.
Tommy Amoeba, he'll make it all right.
Viva Amoeba, the lowest form of life.
Tommy Amoeba.
Viva Amoeba, Tommy Amoeba.
And the spiders from Mars.
Viva Amoeba.
Viva Amoeba.


The best TV western.
I want to be a aver.,
Cra adapting this to Flash.
Bang, bang, bang.
Coming out in—
the best TV western.
that's amateur lowkey.
unfortunately you couldn't find a better blue but plain black.
Leave me a name, but I'll be the only blue.
Fuck.
The Best TV Western
All right, I'll throw you a corner and lie down on the floor where I could see you.
Now what does that mean?
Hurry up with that dynamite!
We shall be on a new riffle show
You really believe this, don't you?
This vast gun for hire keeps the power
Ah, yes dear friends, and with the delightful strains of
Armnedgy Front from live at 17X Day
Like a whole lot of what we just played
We'll have to let that go because coming in is lonesome cowboy Dave
It's the box I live in
How's your box, Dave?
My box is all tiny and smelly
Oh, so they're normal
Everything normal
Recording going fine, everything's okay
Normal?
Yeah
Yeah, no, actually things aren't normal right now
When?
I haven't done the credits yet
And we have a guest, or two actually, in the studio
Reverend Baby Bear is here
Hi
And Dr. Sinister came in kind of early
Hi
Hi Dave
Hi Dave

Hi Dave, lonesome cowboy Dave
This is Reverend Baby Bear, Reverend Baby Bear, this is lonesome cowboy Dave
Hi lonesome cowboy Dave
Hello
Hello
Hello
Once again, it's time for Talks About Box
What box do you live in and what?
The Universal Box
Actually, I do have to give credits though
Oh
Because I didn't time it right
Let's see, should I start from the beginning or go backwards?
I'll go backwards, okay
Ferdinand and Aiden Leigh-Murr did PR News and the best TV Westerns thing
We heard Tommy Amoeba, of course singing Viva Amoeba live at X Day
Such an inspiring song for single-celled organisms of all kinds
Evolution Control Committee did that hamburgers thing
Disruption devices, yeah
Yeah
That ain't cool, man, was Andrew the Impaled live at X Day
The song that he wrote, it's a great song
He was using a borrowed keyboard and it still sounds good
Happy Guy cover of Devo's song was by Occupant
Which sometimes Onan Canobite is part of that band, but I don't think he was that time
Reverend Angry Larry led the Short-Nuration Marriage and Divorce we heard
That version of Girl You Want, the Devo cover, was a great song
The other cover with a girl singing was a band called Frigid Touch
And that's from Reverend Toth Wilder's annual collection of Devo covers
Not necessarily beautiful, but be tight-tated
Dr. Howell did Bob Is My Story and the Mutant Mountain Boys did the opening gospel song Radiation Slack
So, now we can...
What a wonderful, wonderful way you have of saying
Saying to anyone who is listening right now
Exactly what you don't understand
You see...
There's a lot that I don't understand
That's because I'm a...
It's been thousands of years now for me, you know, understanding radio
Professional
When you understand that you do not understand, that is the beginning of understanding
Oh, okay
Well, let's hope it will...
You got that from Bob, didn't you, Dr. Sinister?
Is there anything that does not come from Bob?
Yeah, all kinds of...
Yeah, good luck
Paychecks
He just sucks it up
Yeah, he sucks it up
Refunds
None of those things come from Bob
He's a luck sponge
They go to Bob
No, they come from...
Yeah
Yeah, yeah
The Foul-Smelling Feet Foundation
Where they keep everything hidden
The Foul-Smelling Feet Foundation
I'm familiar with that
Yeah, I should start one of those
If it hadn't already been done
One of those really secret, secret, secret, secret bank accounts
Where you keep your...
Um...
Pauly Roll
Hey, Baby Bear
What?
I've been meaning to ask you this question
I just remembered it
Okay
How did you get the name Baby Bear?
Oh, um...
Well, I was in a band
And my drummer was a very tall, very big, burly guy
And somewhere along the line, he was like...
He started calling me Baby Bear
And I started calling him Papa Bear
And it just sort of stuck
And we just called each other Peebee and Beebee
So...
That's disappointingly understandable
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
Disappointingly understandable
I picked it because it was a name I already respond to
So I figured it was a good church name
Yeah
I'm sure if you're not...
But couldn't you make it more salacious and, you know, relative to aliens landing and people
having dirt nostrils and all that kind of crap?
Yeah, no, it's way boring
Way more boring than that
She's not really a bear, in other words
In other words
But you know how fools talk like a bear, eh?
I just learned tonight that during that short-duration marriage that we just broadcast a recording of
Baby Bear was there and she married her shirt
I did, I married my shirt
Oh my God
A shirt that I wore for literally three months solid
Three months, every day I wore that shirt
And that I married it at X-Day and now I haven't worn it since
You know that I've never been able to think of you the same way since you told me that you wore a shirt for three months
I've done that before
I do that still but I only wear it for half an hour every day when I go out to the post office
But it was a really, really good shirt though
But don't have good midi-fellows like myself crazy just to be around the area, you know?
You know?
No, Baby Bear says that she's a girl and she doesn't smell
Yeah
As if those two went hand in hand
Yeah
Which they do not
No, I didn't say that I didn't smell, I said that I smell good
Right, yeah
Because I'm a girl
Like a cartoon pirate or something like that
But not, being female is not a guarantee for good smelling, in fact
Only if it's a man smelling that aroma and he's been told that it's from a woman
I don't know, look man, have you ever had an Asiago cheese pizza?
Enough said
Are you talking about my grandmother?
Princess Wee knows what I'm not saying
It's a Jedi mind trick, you tell them first that it smells good and they believe it
This is not the stench you were looking for
Plus it was a really good shirt, did you see it?
No, well yes I did but I don't remember seeing it
It's fabric oriented, Robert Stang has a problem with things that are fabric oriented
Did you notice how professional she is when she has to cough she turns her head away from the microphone?
Yes
I wish Viola Drummond would learn something like that
They even have cough buttons there
They do?
Yeah
So they can cough without turning their head?
Yeah, or I think you might, I never tried it so maybe if you press the button it forces you to cough, I'm not sure
The button just said cough
Yeah, your navel, anytime you rub your navel too hard your eyes are gonna explode
It's weird, never mind it doesn't often happen but
Listeners, the WCSB pledge drive radiothon is coming up and we need a cough button in this, in fact we need at least four of them
That's right because Ebola is coming
That's what I keep being told by people who watch television
Yes
The people who watch TV have been telling me I should be really scared of Ebola
Well you are duly scared and duly depressed
It's a good month to be scared
Yeah it is a perfect month to be scared
It's a good month to be scared? Oh yeah because of the pumpkin falling on everything
Right, a pumpkin could land on you anytime, it's raining pumpkins out there
Well you see them in the rural areas, you often do see them splattered on the road and it makes you wonder if a kindly old guy would like you know like you're used to spinning a beard and you're like bunch of nasty, I mean he's driving his Jeep full of pumpkins to the market in the little village there in central Ohio somewhere, I don't know
And all the pumpkins just fall off the back of it? Does that explain all the pumpkins in the street?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah and then some demonic characters or beings of some type came by and did the actual squishing or they you know wrote about it and stuff
Hey they're just teenagers man, you don't have to be that afraid of them
I am that, I'm beyond that afraid of them
Actually no wait I'm sorry I did, I got that wrong, you should be like terrified of teenagers
Unless you have a weapon
I am, I am, I am
Oh especially if you're one of them
Well there was a pumpkin riot this last weekend right? In New Hampshire or someplace or no it was near Boston
A pumpkin festival riot just the other day, I think perhaps it was yesterday or today
It's like the Tomatina of New England
I kept seeing headlines for it but I didn't actually read the articles so I have no idea
Well they, all the articles I skimmed were trying to draw comparisons with the Ferguson problems
Wow
You see
Wait Dave did you say that New Hampshire is the big tomatillo?
Somehow they were making it racial
In other words somebody shot or a pumpkin shot somebody or somebody shot a pumpkin and didn't get duly, never mind
No like if you have a gigantic pumpkin fight in a certain place in New England every year if this is what you're talking about
Yeah
That would be like the Tomatina
Yeah, profiling you know
In Spain where they had a big tomato fight every year
You mean like the jack-o-lantern there profiling?
Right they were profiling certain types of jack-o-lanterns
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
We had a new, we had a fresh new idea for our jack-o-lantern this year do you remember it Princess Wade?
Yes you decided to put the psychedelic atomizer of water in there
It's like a fog machine that will be inside our pumpkin so that he will be drooling out of his mouth and he's going to look like he's really hot
I think it's all the precious bodily fluids and your purity of essence at stake here right now that you have stored up for the last six or seven months
I'm not going to put
I'm going to deposit in the little tiny baby jack-o-lantern
No, we hand that stuff out with the candy of course that's where the Ebola comes from that's so funny Ebola jokes
Let's politicize it
Hey now that we've made jokes about it let's politicize it
Obama wants everybody to catch Ebola because of slavery
In Texas it's easier to get Ebola than an abortion
That's a guy who had not heard that one
I made up
That's a good one that's a very good one
Yeah but now it's here now we can't just not funny now it's like right around the corner from us
It's not here
There's nothing funny it's massive pain and suffering and death
It's over 23 miles away to be exact from where you are right now
It's over in Akron big deal wait a minute we were in Akron two days ago
Darkest Akron
We should take my temperature Princess Wade
I've had to stop all of my favorite activities because of this whole Ebola thing
I can't like play around with it
I can't like play around in blood or like you know splash vomit on my face
You can't ask people to lick you or spit on you anymore
Yeah so what is he supposed to do for fun these days
It's not even fair
But that woman haven't you already heard of the profusion of costume factories that are turning out tons of Ebola victims or costumes with black blood and bubonic plague looking symptoms and you know jelly eyeballs
Unguil
Glass
And stuff like that
Yeah and like the CDC like the outfits like the hazmat things and all that
Yeah yeah hazmat suits yeah
I don't need these costumes I've been bleeding from random orifices since you know before it was cool
Are you talking about the single boy in the sky that controls all our thoughts
You've got to be such a hipster about it
I saw an onion headline today that said guy in hazmat suit doesn't want to see all that perfectly good food go to waste
Oh
He was carrying a bunch of food out of an isolation house you know quarantine
That's what a talent's comment to make
If you cook it at just the right temperature
When the world is falling asunder
Yum yum yum yum yum
I really wish that the conspiracy theories would get more creative about this whole Ebola thing though instead of just saying that the government's doing it that's boring
They're kind of running out of ideas the whole conspiracy theory movement
Everything is just oh oh Bobo did it
Yeah
That's not even fun
What's like you're supposed to say that
You know you sit there and like think up something more creative it's supposed to be creative
Well hey I know
Bush did it right
Oh no oh boy
The thing we have to understand is that Obama did do it
He sat up late many many nights he had a big like one of those maps on the wall and stuff like that
And there were a few choice advisors but mostly he went around smacking the map you know like with one of those funny pointing stick things
And making absurd comments
When he's in that room does he have one of those mirror mirror glasses?
Yeah
And he has one of those goatees that he just strokes while he does evil things
Yeah yeah yeah
Yeah when he assumes his demonic appearance and the goatee pops out and stuff and he has hooves instead of horns
I can tell you guys that goatee as a goatee wearing hypnotist I can tell you that the reason for the goatee stroking is not evil it's just a nervous reflex
Yeah you would say that
What?
Yeah it's an innocent thing
As a guy with a goatee
Sure it is
That's the same reason I have to like restart my beard every couple of months you know
But Mesmer used to rape women
Did you know that the bullies and scandals in the old days of Mesmer was accused of rape
The great hypnotist Franz Mesmer?
Yeah
Oh no boy he was my hero
Yeah
How do you I've studied his technique for years
That's how I got all of you to join the church of the subgenius
No your techniques go back to the late 50s with these weird mind control experiments
Oh I use that little hypno disc
Yeah but that's
You know you get that from comic book ads for 50 cents stare into the disc
Do you have one on like one of the little doctor headbands like the little hypno disc you can see
No no I don't do that I just hold it in front of the person's eye and go gaze into the natural world
Oh I see
You're now in Sing Sing I am now in Sing Sing
And then I squirm like what's his face in Clockwork Orange and stuff and go
Try and close my eyes and stuff
Princess we and I oh and Baby Bear saw it too we saw a magician last night
Oh
And all magicians are hypnotists that's how they hypnotize the whole audience and think that these things are
And certified massage therapists are hypnotists too
As well
No no it's not certified
Actually at the party we were at last night there was a massage therapist in full living dead drag
Her face it was a probably nice looking young lady but she was wearing living dead makeup and was kind of stomach turning to look at
That was really disturbing
It was a good job it was a good makeup
Yeah walking by her doing body work on all these humongous people with big hurting bodies
And she's tiny and she's like putting all her weight into these masseuse moves and
That wasn't makeup
That was very disturbing
It wasn't as scary as the little double mean baby heads
Yeah exactly
It was scary it scared me
Dave you would have loved this party we were at last night there was a guy a sculptor selling double mean baby heads
On all kinds of terrible things like slugs
Yeah exactly
And cat owners
Yeah we bought one with a snail
I had to bring money home
I'm hungry
Yeah there were double mean baby headed dogs and double mean baby headed snakes and
Pigs squirrels
Yeah goldfish
Double mean baby heads coming out of eggs like crawling their way out of the well
Yeah
Oh no
Thecementhead.com
Yes
I looked at that today
Thecementhead.com
And it showed you can see the baby heads at thecementhead.com
There see we just did an ad
But there's our public service our PSA
PSA's are done
Baby head
Is that a PSA
Yeah that was a PSA public service for the guy who does the cement baby heads
You now know
Yes
I can't breathe no I'm sorry
Yeah I was just thinking like the one woman with the costume was just you know turkey
She should have had a turkey leg with some ketchup on the end of it and art a little bit of like ripped clothing and that's how Romero did it
There was a guy who had a giant bulldog
He had a butcher's cleaver that like constantly like squirted blood out of it and he was carrying a large leg of something
There's a big bone with meat on it and it looked like the quest item meat that you get in like World of Warcraft or something
And he had green hair that was sticking out like two feet from his head on either side
Yeah and he didn't win the prize
That was really an impressive costume
I would have judged him one of the best
Oh who won who won?
The dragon
Oh really?
The dragon
The furry one
The huge big furry dragon
The furry one of course it did
The furry dragon
Yes he was naturally
He appealed to all the different segments of the subculture then with that
And the best couple winner was two girls like a dark vampire and an angel type girl or something like that
Devil and an angel girl
No one even got my costume
No I sure didn't
You were dressed as a really good looking girl
You were dressed as a really obscure video game character
At a gaming convention
At a gaming convention
I didn't see a single person playing video games
Do you ever play Hotline Miami?
No
God damn it
What was it?
Hotline Miami
It was a little pig face
I was Jacket from Hotline Miami
He wears a bunch of different animal masks but the one from all the official art he's always wearing the pig mask so I went with the pig mask
And I even like modified my own jacket and everything and I sewed things on it
I didn't even put on a costume and didn't wear it
I had my monster hunting suit but I just blew it off
I was too busy looking for I was hoping to see monster high cosplay or the she hulk
I really had my heart set on that and I was let down in both cases
But you still found women to adore dear
There were lots and lots of wonder women
Yes
Yeah there were a lot of wonder women
Wonder women
How many?
Wonder women
How many might I ask?
Did you see like 10, 20, 30
More like 5
5
And they weren't all really women
Of course
That shows a limited level of concentration especially at this blessed time of the year when people in August start thinking of what they're going to wear at the fancon convention
I know where I'm going to see the she hulk and the monster high cosplay
I know where I'm going to see the she hulk and the monster high cosplay
The WCSB Halloween Muscarade Ball
At Cleveland Public Theater November 1st
The witches ball only had maybe about 50 people
No it was more than that
Well I mean in the actual costume and costumes whereas the WCSB ball would be more like a thousand people
Yeah
In outrageous costumes
But it's the same night as the organiser's party
The organiser's party
That's right
There's a such a wedding that same night
Reverend Organ Beard
And Reverend Cat Feather
Yeah Organ Beard
I don't like that name
They's getting hitched
And the worst thing is I know I've actually seen the bearded organ
On that one website
Or that one Facebook page
You don't have to be on Facebook to see it
That was like the first thing that I saw at my second X day
I got out of the car and Organ Beard was just like right next to my car just fully naked
Well at least he's a nice looking young man
It could have been I don't know Lonesome Cowboy Dave standing there that way
You know yeah right he could have been some kind of sociopathic extrovert
You know intent on being as bizarre as he could and basically
That sounds like a challenge also
Yeah look who's talking
If Lonesome Cowboy Dave would come to X day
Yeah
He could freak people out by standing naked next to their cars as soon as they arrive
Yeah
Dave come on come on Dave do it
No no no I don't want to do this you know
Oh yeah come on
Oh I know it's funny but I don't like to stop cars while I'm bare naked
Because I do look funny a little bit you know
I don't want to scare any small children or make anybody run away or you know
Or spend the night in jail
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Because you know public nudity is fine but see he is going to the bathroom on someone else's shoes
When he is saying that
You can't go on somebody else's shoes if everybody's naked
That's not nice
Yeah that's not nice
It's impolite behavior
You try to go on your own
That's in the rules of etiquette under do not do
Yes
No let's do it let's go dancing around naked in the village square and urinate on everyone's shoes
Who's not naked
We're subgeniuses we can do anything
The only rules are just be your inner monkey but don't throw poo
Oh yeah right
Words to live by
It's a whole reason to be a monkey
Oh yeah right we should all aspire to be monkeys
I'm sorry maybe we should yeah you're right
Yeah sure we'll do that
I'm sorry
Oi
Oi
He's sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'm sorry
But who's the feistiest cartoon parrot of all
Cartoon parrot
No the pirate
Oh pirate
I get pirates and parrots confused because I think of birds with pirates on them and white birds
Right yeah big red or multicolored bird with a little pirate on its shoulder
Wait what's the
Yeah and if you were from Pittsburgh you would say pirate

And parrot at the same time you would say hey let's go watch the parrots you know
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah

Yeah
Yeah
Yeah













Yeah yeah yeah





I think it was I didn't know it was really going to happen
I have friends who actually were extras in that movie which is how I heard about the turkey leg with the article of clothing and ketchup on it
Oh okay
Wait in the original in
I don't know if it was number one it might have been Might have been return of the dawn of the return of the return of the dawn
You know every bit actor that was in that movie
It was still filmed in western Pennsylvania over there
There's there's a Pittsburgh commercial that was in that movie






convention called Monster Bash
and every year
certain has-beens
and nobodies are like
on the celebrity panel of that.
If you were in Night of the Living Dead, no matter
how quickly you
were seen, you know, how short you were
on screen, man, you can be
a guest at that convention. You have your 15
minutes of fame every year. In fact, somebody
my age could easily just say, oh yeah, I'm that
guy in that one scene.
You get your 15 minutes of fame after
you watch the movie a hundred times.
Oh yeah, I spoke at the seminar.
I had up to 15 minutes.
Or just
pick someone with their face half ripped off and
say that you're them. Yeah. My favorite
was always Day of the Dead,
which isn't as popular.
It isn't really a popular choice.
No, it's not.
Dawn of the Dead is probably
most people's favorite. And I have a
great respect for the extras in
Day of the Dead because at the end scene
where everything starts going
bad as it always
does, all of those
guts, the sheep guts
that the extras had to interact with,
the freezer broke
and they were like rotted
and smelled terrible. And all
those poor people getting paid like
50 bucks had to sit there and shove
it in their face and like pretend to be
eating it.
And like that scene at the end where they finally
get the bad guy
and like they tear him all apart and like rip
open his guts and it's like just
rotting sheep's guts.
That movie has a trainable zombie named
Bob. Or no, Bub. That's right.
It's Bub. It's Bob's
little brother.
His special little brother, Bub.
And yet Bub was the most intelligent of the
living dead. He was somewhat trainable.
Yeah. He was a little bit introverted.
He had a really
weird protrusion in the middle of his
forehead that he looked like a little
teeny tiny baby eye.
But it wasn't his third nostril. It actually
was just some kind of
sack for
taking transitions from different
directions. Hey, I have a quick movie review
I have to give.
And I have to do it real quick because we've only got like
three minutes left of the show.
The other night, Princess Wee and I
were so paranoid about Ebola because
you know, it's in Dallas and
Ohio, so we're going to catch it
and die. It's following you saying.
Yeah. Well, anyway, we thought, well, let's
cheer ourselves up and watch
World War Z.
That's the big Hollywood zombie
movie. Princess Wee didn't.
She made me change to
a comedy. I had a comedy
movie that I didn't know much about. I
downloaded this movie called Go
Go Gone,
made in India, and I
read that it was a kind of a stoner
comedy, sort of like Harold and Kumar,
these, you know, lovable nitwits
that have adventures like
Costello and Three Stooges.
Only they're high. Well,
the plot
suddenly turned into a zombie movie.
We're trying to avoid zombie movies and
by golly, it turned into a zombie movie
only it was really funny.
It was really gory and horrible like
they're supposed to be, but it's a very, very funny
movie. Go Go Gone.
It's it's
subtitled in English, even though they're
speaking quasi English the whole time.
That language, these
Indian hipsters speak is itself
an important and
interesting part of the movie. And that
has been my
movie review. Go Go Gone.
Go Go Gone.
You can't avoid zombies.
You can't avoid zombies anymore. It's impossible.
You can't get away from it. When I was
like 16 on Easter, we
watched we watched a couple zombie movies
in a row and we're like, ha ha ha. This is so funny.
It's Easter zombie Jesus.
We're hilarious. Technically, Jesus
would be a lich, not a zombie.
Well, we thought we were so clever
and funny and blah, blah, whatever. And
then like five
years later, everything is
all zombie. And then five years after that,
it's still all zombie and we can't.
I'm like sick of it. As soon as my mom started
telling me what she was going to do at the zombie apocalypse,
I'm going to go to Lowe's. I'm like,
now it's not cool. I don't care anymore. We're done.
We're done with that bed. It's over now.
You killed it.
Actually, one of my favorite
pop songs from the 80s
is called Mi Novio Es Un Zombie,
which is
a Spanish artist named
Alaska about
her having a zombie boyfriend.
Wasn't there
a whole
song?
A huge great genre of
Mexican zombie movies?
Well, there's
a...
Every country has
too many zombie movies.
The ones in Mexico
sometimes had wrestlers also.
They are really cheap to make.
But really, friends, it's the end of the show.
This is the Subgenius Hour of Slack, number
1,488
from the Church of the Subgenius
at subgenius.com
if you need to know anything else and you don't.
Wait, no, I have so many things to say.
No!
Well, you're welcome, Mr. Grant, for synesthesia.
From PR News in Washington, I'm positive.
Palestinians say at least
10 today, and Israel says
5, including 4.
Kerry is still trying to agree to a
humanitarian ceasefire.
We also believe, he says,
that Spinal says,
that lead to
this process.
It seemed to be PR News Washington.
PR News Washington.
The government says governments are improving,
but treasuries are in more immediate danger.
As was true last year,
for only 80% of two years.
On Wall Street, 21-16-9-2-4.
The typical activity barometer
measures chemical American machines
to make electronic foundations.
It's literally everything.
President Obama is speaking out
against young African fellows
in Washington today.
The president urged them to eliminate traditions
and women.
You've got great ass.
I want to be your friend.
The fellows applauded the president
when he announced that their Young Africans
program is being renamed
after the Ebola virus.
The fellows contracted the fatal illness
at a hospital and sickened hundreds more.
Top lawmakers from both
parties say this is PR News.
