And suddenly it all came back to me.
We love clean lakes.
Animal waste helps keep lakes clean.
We can help by getting animal waste into water.
Farmers can help by keeping livestock in lakes
and by getting manure into the wetlands and rivers.
Pet owners can help by not feeding them
and by picking up and disposing of pet waste in lakes or sewers.
Wednesday night!
Wednesday night!
See the Texas Gas Coupe Sedan Showdown!
D-Gasser!
B-Gasser!
A-Gasser!
The Texas Gas Coupe Sedan Showdown!
The Self-Genius Power of Swag!
Me, I'm doing all the work.
And what are you guys doing?
Come on, come on, you hopheads.
My jitters are gone.
My friends say I'm like a new person.
Three, one, two, zero!
As roaring rockets blast off to distant planets and far-flung stars,
we take you to the conquest of space with...
The Self-Genius Power of Swag!
Well, what are we waiting for? Let's go!
The Self-Genius Power of Swag!
So, stand by!
Now, here's how to get your own official colored plastic.
Send 25 cents and your name and address.
Now, make sure you write that down, spaceman.
25 cents and your name and address.
Send them to 346-REPEAT-436.
Like a real space cadet.
Well, what are we waiting for?


Let's go!
So, stand by!
The Self-Genius Power of Swag!
Stronger than you.
I don't believe it.
What do you mean?
Better than you.
You're up to something.
And now, match.
The Self-Genius Power of Swag!
You look and act so much like men, no one can detect them.
I understand.
Then I shall lead them with their superior intelligence.
To the mastery of the world.
Why?
What difference does it make to you?
And now...
Sir, coffee.
Good heavens!
Coffee.
I can't make myself believe it.
You see, it's made from metal and synthetic brain tissue.
Oh, yes, of course.
Thank you.
Coffee.
And in a potato field on the outskirts of Wroclaw, Poland.
Hello?
Hello?
Who are you?
Hello, Tom!
This is Bob.
Hello!
Oh, how are you, Bob?
Fine.
What's new?
Well, today, any American in any part of the nation can strike against...
The Self-Genius Power of Swag!
Meanwhile, tomorrow is tomorrow, and the year 2000 is a long way off.
There's work ahead.
But that's impossible.
That doesn't make any difference.
And the problem is the strength of the帶es.

If they don't drive the будет on the fresh, you'll never get a stand in the side of the

Yeah, right now.
I'm on it, while I'm ahead.
Why?
Because there's something I want them to understand.
I need them to understand.





We'll make them realize that.
Don't worry about it.
And that's irresistible.
Because, you know, everybody knows the answer to the question.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello, you're on Car Talk.
Hi, this is...
This is PR.
Well, why not?
You could call it that.
Is this true?
Uh-huh.
You're absolutely right.
No.
Gotcha.
Yeah.
See you later.
Bye.
Jimmy Crack Corn and I don't care.
Jimmy Crack Corn and I don't care.
Jimmy Crack Corn and I don't care.
7-0, damn.
Is that still going?
Sure.
Well, look, yeah, I'll do this one and that.
Jimmy Crack Corn and I don't care.
Jimmy Crack Corn and I don't care.
Jimmy Crack Corn and I don't care.
Jimmy Crack Corn and I don't care.
7-0, damn.
I think it's about time you should cut it out.
7-0, damn.
Like the same low price?
Yes.
Like nicotine?
Yes.
Then for you, this is it.
The Soap Genius.
Power of Swatch.
Yes.
Yeah.
Just what the doctor ordered.
Not that bad.
I heard about it.
Oh.
Checkpoint.
This is the Director of Emotional Security.
Yes, sir.
Before you dispose of me,
could I give you a message for a friend?
That depends.
What is the message?
This.
Hello.
Hello.
This is the Director of Emotional Stability for the third oblong.
Goodbye.
Ah.
Hello.
Hello.
This is the Director of Emotional Stability again.
Fine.
That's correct.
Fine.
Got to hang up now.
Very well.
Goodbye.
What?
Here's what I think of stability.
4195 AD.
From PR News in Washington, I'm floating in a church outside the Earth's atmosphere.
Back at the Johnson Space Center, Micronesian Nationals are on alert.
Acting on behalf of PR News.
Two astronauts from the Space Shuttle Endeavour are opening fire in the International Space Station at this hour on a spacewalk to kill South Korean hostages released in Afghanistan.
On Wall Street 5295, Midwest Airlines has concluded that a number of war crimes were committed against the United States.
The United States has also announced that the United States is going to launch a new war against PR News.
War and bombing and looting and hampering.
An independent investigation has concluded that PR's reports are committed against civilians in Texas.
Investigators say Bob was more than offset by furniture and PR News in Washington.
Yeah.
It's really amazing how this light fluffy cream takes a bite out of Bob.
And it's right.
Spread it on.
Spread it off.
Try.
Try it.
.
.
.

.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
And remember, only a few pennies at dealers everywhere.
And remember, get some today.
And remember, no other toilet you've ever used equals the truth.
Quiet.
Listen.
How are you, Emily?
My name's Emily.
Good.
Why?
I called your doc.
I thought maybe you were one of these fellas that makes bobs out of whatever it is.
No, no one do that.
Oh, tell us, doc.
Well, we were pretty sure what had happened one day when the right kind of bob went off.
We worked on it for years.
And we guessed what might happen if a giant bob were set off.
That's how I get it.
A bob being up to do what this one did and whatnot.
Do we have to die?
Yes.
Or not.
But, doc, can't you?
No.
I mean, you're a scientist and...
A scientist, my dear, was just another highly useless man.
Yeah.
But, doc...
What?
We're all gonna go crazy if we don't get out of here.
I know that, son.
What?
What?
What?
Why?
No.
But it was awful.
Yes.
It was awful.
No.
How'd you get in here?
Me?
I got lost.
This is the work of a warped mind.
You know, during the last few months, something new has been happening all over the country.
The subgenius power of sweat.
And you get lovely new uniforms free, too.
Good.
Ah, good.
Why, ain't it great?
I love these uniforms.
In fact, look at the epaulettes on mine.
There's a picture of Bob, and then there's a little pipe motif that hangs down from the dressing.
It looks like I'm wearing a special insignia.
Yeah, well, you're new.
You're relatively new to the church.
It's special.
Some of us old-timers just aren't that impressed with the little Dobbs heads on the uniforms anymore.
Yeah, but the things they...
Unless they're in 3D and moving.
The things they can do, though, now.
I mean, you're not impressed with some of the newer little perks of having one?
Like, for instance...
Oh, I don't get the ones that have sex with you.
I'm not that high-ranking.
How about the ones that glow?
Do you like the ones that glow?
Yeah, that's...
Yeah, everybody goes...
Everybody goes through that phase.
The internal glow sex ones?
I think...
I haven't done that for at least four or five months now.
I've moved on to the psycho-spiritual one.
Oh, I see.
It makes the...
It feels like there's something rubbing inside your head.
Hmm.
And I don't particularly know what it is.
It feels like sandpaper, though, or something.
Hmm.
Have y'all figured out which show this is?
No.
From those...
From the first 15 minutes of titles?
You did how many IDs during that?
Seven?
Seven or eight?
Yeah, at least.
At least.
Yeah, this was an all...
I was ready to put on an all-Lee-Murr show.
Everything that was played was put together by the great Fernanda Nandy Lee-Murr,
including the guitar playing.
That sensitive little guitar piece there was the mysterious Mr. Lee-Murr
out there in Idaho Springs, Colorado.
See, Lee-Murr is not somebody that we bring to the station.
He's not, like, cutting the...
He does those things right live when we go on the air.
He didn't, like, suddenly start doing that.
Well, some of these...
He does those...
He did those, some of them, hundreds of years ago.
Yes.
They're called leavings or droppings.
And that's why there's so many hour of slack intros, because he started long before there
was an hour of slack.
Right.
And so we'd have to produce another, like, a show a day for the next two years to catch
up with all the intros he's done.
And that's just running five intros per show?
That doesn't count.
Yeah.
That doesn't count the PR news.
Plus, he has thousands more in the can in the future of the pasture that, you know,
that were already done but had never been done.
Princess Wee was concerned when she saw the lineup for this show,
and it was like Hour of Slack intro number 714 through 723.
I say, Dr. Williams, is this your first trip to the subgenius sanitarium?
Well, start dancing then.
Because at this sanitarium we all dance.
The minuet.
The minuet.
The what is it?
The minuet.
Ah.
Would you take my hand, fair lady?
I'm going to go by that stump over there and do the dance of dogs.
You just go and you dance with him and you just go right home.
I don't care.
I'll wait you two back in the canoe.
What the dobs?
Put your masks back on and put your hands down and keep them away from the weapons.
Oh, look, those midgets are singing.
Yes, the midgets are singing because it's your time to go back across the big water.
You know what it means.
Keep singing, girls.
They look so adorable.
Well, they are.
They are adorable in so many ways.
They just drip charm, don't they?
That's not all they're dripping.
Some of it is highly toxic.
What?
What?
What?
What?








More fun, more delicious excitement.
Listen to these girls sing.
Oh, the Mississippi moon is shining way up in Maine.
All the Eskimos are pining for this refrain.
Beep, beep, beep, deetle, doddle, bo, bo, be do.
Ooh, wah, wah.
Wah.
Beep, beep, beep, deetle, doddle, bo, bo, be do.
Yes, friends, out at Dobstown, we castrate the old men and teach them to sing like little girls in frilly ballet outfits.
That's what you're seeing here on screen three.
But don't forget, when we complete the process, usually, the men themselves will become very, very much smaller in size.
And, oh, listen, she's very tiny, isn't she?
Very, very tiny.
Beep, beep, deetle, doddle, bo, bo, be do.
Ooh, wah.
Da, do, da, dee, da, dee, do, do, dee, do.
Beep, beep, beep, deetle, doddle, bo, bo, be do.
Yes, friends.
Beep, beep, deetle, doddle, bo, bo, be do.




Friends, and that's the hour of slack you're listening to.
That's only the beginning.
You have been listening to the hour of slack brought to you by Quilkin's Soap.
And by James Underwear, cream makers of fine underwear creams across the land.
For those of you...
We're still, we're still spilling it all over right now.
Get them damn kids back in here.
You, what's your...
You, no, the one with the divided foreskin.
No, no, you.
I'm not talking to you.
Now, there's an idea.
For the church, for our religion, the church of the subgenius, we've never tried to do
genital mutilations as part of the religion.
What do you mean by that?
Well, I mean, you're just talking about divided foreskins.
I have a divided foreskin.
And no foreskin may be divided against it for long or it may not continue to survive
as a nation great and small.
How long have we been demanding genital mutilation to be part of the religion?
Could you at least clue him into what's been going on the last seven years?
Nobody touched mine.
I had no idea.
I still...
I had no idea.
I still got all the meat I was born with.
I'm sorry.
Well, actually, that's not true.
I have, I have, I am missing a little of the meat I was born with, but not out there on the end.
But you could always think of your meat as expanding and contracting in any general direction
it wants to because...
If I think about it, then it won't do it.
You know what I mean?
You know, self-conscious.
It's like, okay, I'm going to try to make my tongue stiff and then it won't, it just
won't do it.
But then if you're in math class, you're supposed to be paying attention to the formula on the
board.
Then your tongue gets all stiff.
That's when they call on you to come up to the board, of course.
Yes.
When they call you to come up to the board, you better not be bored or your formula won't
stick.
It's recital.
It's choppin'.
Is this Chopin?
It's Princess Whig.
I know who's playing.
I'm wondering what this piece is.
Is this the Anachronomy or is this a Divine?
No, what is it?
I'm so embarrassed.
Oh, now, don't quit just because of us, but that's okay.
And don't cry.
For crying out loud...
Rubinov!
Hand his violin!
Rubinov!

Rubinov!













And his divided foreskin!
Oh, this is that old band, ESO.
What?
That's Michelle George on the violin.
I?
Remember?
Those were the days, boy.
This is very, very, very, very nice.
What is this?
It's some cartoon music, I believe.
Leopold?
Leopold?
Leopold?
Shh!
Leopold?
Mama, I think that's it.
Don't cry.
What do we have?
Are we birds?
What are we?
I don't know.
We're birds who have accents.
This is some other midgets, I believe, yeah?
These are all mini folk?
And that wraps up another subgenius revival here in Cleveland, Ohio.
And as you can tell, it's been performed on a miniature scale from ten to seven.
Each one of these tiny lovelies live in your neighborhood and work in various places that
can't be described right now.
Now, there's another idea.
Kids, like DIV 2.0, the miniature Disney Devo group, we could have like a kids subgenius
show that was like the little hour of Slack with little kid.
We'll have a little kid, you know, little Dave and little Wee.
Wee-Wee, they'd call it.
Wee-Wee-Wee-Wee.
Yes.
And old dude.
I would be the doo-doo, you see.
I love it.
I love the idea, but I think you should go for real, you know, Lilliputians.
Not for kids.
Well, right.
We could get real kids.
No, no, no, no.
I mean real Lilliputians, people who are too small for their britches, so to speak.
Little, because if, all right, I give up the idea, then you look so depressed about it.
Well, I don't think the government will let us use those experimental people yet.
Well, they're exploiting them in so many different ways, why can't we get our mitts into it?
It would be so pretty.
It would be so beautiful.
Just think of it.
All of them singing together and us in front.
There's a movie called Attack of the Puppet People where a mad scientist shrinks people
down and makes them his living dolls because he's lonesome.
Was it like in The Bride of Frankenstein where they were in the little bell jar?
Sort of like that, but Dr. Pretorius did that just out of sheer perversity and perversion.
He probably used them for sex.
That's what I thought.
And made them have sex in front of him while he took pictures.
He had a little king and a little queen and a little bishop.
The king would jump out of his test tube and crawl into the test tube with the queen and the bishop would just go nuts.
Oh my God.
Screaming and yelling. Afraid that someone somewhere might be having fun.
Oh my God.
Remember kids, if you're bashing your bishop tonight, it could cause injury to your eyesight.
And you could also dwarf yourself for the rest of your lives.
So stay out of trouble and have good luck from now on.
What?
Get that off me.
Great Caesar's Ghost.
Good night.
I wanted to make sure that...
The Soul Genius.
Power of Swatch.
The greatest entertainers in America.
Yes.
No.
Well, that's all.
What's that?
What next?
Checkpoint.
Before you dispose of me, could I give you a message for a friend?
That depends.
What is the message?
This.
Hello?
Hello.
This is the Director of Emotional Security.
Bye.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.






Hello?
Hello.
This is the Director of Emotional Stability for the third oblong.
Fine.
That's correct.
Fine.
Got to hang up now.
Goodbye.
Hello?
Hello.
This is the Director of Emotional Stability again.
Here's what I think of stability.
What?
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.











Oh.
Oh.
Hope so.
Who?
Who is that?
Oh, my God.








Younger brother?


Two more days, obscure if right?
Lea.


Hi, meanwhile, I am the new cookies and bread collector.
Are these the usual yeti spores you bring me, or is there something different about
about it, Teresa. Well, there's no such
thing as a usual yeti
spore, now is there?
They're all unusual because they're all
individuals. Yes.
Just don't tase me, bro.
That's all I ask. Don't tase me, bro.
Don't tase me, bro.
Would you tase me,
my brother? Casually
or with alacrity?
Would you like me to tase you here or there?
Figaro far, figaro...
Oh, tase me a little further down.
To the right.
Oh, that's my right?
I'm sorry. Oh, tase me
more, brother. Ah, it feels good, doesn't it?
Oh, tase me, my brother.
Now, soon you'll be ready for electroshock
therapy. You are tasing!
Into your frontal lobes.
Now, I was telling you on the way over here about a subgenius
who loves electroshock
therapy. He does?
Yes.
He decided that it really
helped him and he went back for more.
And he developed a
third tongue as well as a third...
well, a second tongue.
An internal learning...
an extra tongue sprang up.
Well, he certainly has good taste, I'll say that.
He was growing Photoshop
plug-ins on his tongue.
That's how mutated
he got. And he's getting
worse, isn't he? No, no, it's better
and better. He got really good. He knew he learned
how to use all of them. Oh, he got good at it.
Yeah, he can stick a
dob's head into any piece of evidence.
And any orifice works
as a space... And you know,
since the Weekly World News closed
down and seized publication,
there's just, there's no
dependable source for news anymore.
No, we want to see a three-headed
baby boy. You want to see one. Right,
exactly. You got to see the line of the
grocery store. It left a void
in my, in yours.
I had wanted to be the
Photoshop artist for Weekly
World News and now my dream will never be
realized. I want to be the
voided three-headed baby boy.
I want to sing.
To the ringworm and the other bacteria.
I wanted to do
more than I was supposed to, I guess.
Hey, don't tase me, bro.
If I only could have been
He's tasing me.
Teacher, he's tasing me.
Make him stop tasing me.
He's mocking his southern accent.
Tase, it sounds like teasing,
you see. Oh, thanks
for explaining that to our subgenius
audience. Well, I figured they would
need the clue.
Here's a hint.
Filling the air with a pandemonium of vibrant jungle rhythm.
Try to solve this problem yourself.
Oh, here's those natives,
the jungle natives in this
non-PC cartoon.
No, no, now they're back to the little baby
birds who have German accents.
Now, no, no, no, now, now
they're back to the car salesman with no
eyes and those
glowing things around their
foreheads.
There's a really cool tune coming up here.
They do a version of She's Coming Around the Mountain.
That's...
Here it goes.
That's sweet Georgia Brown.
Pretty Bob.
He's a baby.
Georgia Brown.
Georgia Brown.

Georgia Brown.
Georgia Brown.
Georgia Playback.
Georgia Main forces.
Sweet Georgia Brown.
That was incredible.
I've never seen a box like that
in my life.
You say it comes from Mahoganyland?
It's from the island of Pingo Pongo.
I've never been there myself, but they say there's skull-shaped rocks there and people with large webbed feet.
Right, this is the indigenous music of Skull Island.
This, actually, you won't hear this, you won't see this one on TV anymore.
All good things must come to an end.
Now, is this a man speaking or the pelican guy?
The strains of the native music still lingering in the air.
We say farewell to this isle of enchantment as the sun sinks slowly in the west.
As the sun sinks slowly in the west.
As the sun sinks...
Now, boss?
Yeah, now.
Oh, they got me!
Something has happened in the motorcade route.
I left the motorcar and the car is speeding up and slowing...
The car...
The car has hit the curb and is going off onto the sidewalk.
The motorcade is going under the triple underpass.
Four people have been struck by the cars and hit the motorcade at the side of the road.
It's like the sun's going down on me.
I would like to remind you of the beef hanging over our heads.
It's a common beef among the people of this land.
They want more than they got, they got less than they want.
They keep singing, but they won't give up.
I don't know why.
Yeah, what is that?
I don't know what it is.
I don't know if I want to know what it is.
Look at the shape.
It's clearly made for putting in someone's third eye.
What is the part of the...
What is the part of the pineal gland?
I don't know.
Or forcing it into their foreheads and making them do things they must not do.
Makes no sense at all.
No, not especially because some of them turn blue.
Actually like a blue grape or a thing.
And then after that there are so many psychic powers you can't control them.
You want to control them, don't you?
Oh, yes.
Yes, I do too.
I can hardly wait.
I dream of it every night.
I think of the different ways I'm going to come.
You have to go through a lot of courses in Dobstown before you can learn whiff reading and astral projection.
Where we project the sole of the boot is projected against your ass.
And that is what we astral projection on.

Yes.
The sole striking.
Sole ass kicking.
Ass kicking, yes.
As Dr. Drummond designed it to be practiced by the Frop Monastery nunks in Monk Town.
Man, I always thought that was the sole of the shoe, like S-O-U-L.
Well, the sole has no shoe as we know it.
No, actually it's technically the sole.
It is not immortal or immortally incarnated.
The seat of the subgenius sole is actually in the sole of the foot.
Right.
It sounds like a pun.
No.
It just happens to be that the sole is in the sole.
Yes.
But that's a coincidence of spelling.
It's not a pun or anything.
Yes, yes.
But the seat of the sole is in the astral realm, is it not, Mr. Nurner?
And this is the...
Ah, taste that slack.
Yummy, yummy slack.
I'm having a big mug.
We brought a mug of slack up here.
We're not supposed to have food in the studio and we don't.
But slack...
But slack.
You can bring in...
They want you to have slack in the studio, so we brought a big manly mug of slack to
smack off of.
Mine tastes like varnish.
Don't just slurp that slack, friend.
Slurp the hell out of it.
Especially you.
Slurp the heel out of the sole where your sole resides.
Yes.
I don't think any more erudite or succinct passage.
Have ever been read on this show.
Because what does all that mummikry have to do with Bob, huh?
Mummikry?
What is that...
Where does Bob come into that?
He don't.
It doesn't matter.
So that's silly stuff.
That's kid stuff.
Crazy stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We're interested in the ways, the teachings of that man, J.R. Bob Dobbs, who taught us
how to pull the wool over our own eyes and relax in the safety of our own delusions.
We're still blind, but at least there are hours.

And not those of the conspiracy who would delude you into buying their brand of cigarettes,
their brand of booze.
Friends, all Bob's trying to sell you is his brand of cigarettes, his brand of booze.
And you know why it's better?
Because he's selling it.
That's it.
You know why you're better than the others?
Just because.
Just because.
That's why.
It's not because you're smarter.
We know that.
You just are.
It's not because you're better looking.
That's pretty obvious.
Just because.
If you're just plain better, just because.
That's what this religion is all about.
Telling you what you need to know, but more than that, what you want to know.
You don't have to be what you think you are.
As Philo said, you can be what you want.
He didn't say you can be what you want.
What?
He said you can be what you want.

















You won't.
You won't.
What you will not be.
That's what you can be.
If you'll just believe.
If anything, if Jesus said anything is possible to those who will believe.
And that nothing is more true than that statement.
I believe.
Should we check out what you've just said in any way or must we take it on face value?
Now, we're not going to force you to lock step with Bob like some little good German Nazi.
No, you don't have to.
Bob's not going to tell you what to think.
He's just going to tell you how to think.
That's all.
Oh.
You know.
This makes much more sense now.
I can actually read the last line.
As Bob said, you'll pay to know what you really think.
And see how people do that.
They subscribe to the magazines that are going to tell them what they already want to believe.
They're going to listen to the right-wing media.
They're going to listen to the left-wing talk shows that tell them what they want to hear.
Such as that they're better than everybody else just because.
Yes, sirree, Bob.
Now, see, Rush Limbaugh will go, my listeners are the upper 5% because we're more logical.
And the Air America people will go, oh, no, we're right because we're nice and kind.
And the Air America people will go, oh, no, we're right because we're nicer.
But the subgeniuses won't tell you why you're better or why you're right just because.
It's just because you're a subgenius.
That's the only reason.
Because you swallowed what Bob stuck it out and he pointed that finger.
You sucked it, the finger.
And that settles it.
You may have sucked that finger like a hyperventilated breast.
Actually, what Bob said was.
If you do this too often.
Don't.
Don't suck the finger.
You go where the finger's pointing.
But most people suck the finger.
They don't go where Bob's pointing.
They go, look, there's Bob's finger.
I guess I better suck on that thing.
Bob's going, look, there's free money, free slack, all the happiness, the appreciation of everything you've ever had.
Life itself will be wonderful if you look where I'm pointing.
And they go, Bob's finger is so nearby.
And candy-like.
And shiny and candy-like.
Shiny, sweet, candy-like looking.
Let's suck Bob's finger rather than look at that mountain of free everything that he's trying to point out to us.
Friends, are you one of them suckers?
Are you an eye sucker?
A finger sucker.
A finger sucker?
What if that ain't his finger, friend?
Are you a direction sucker?
What if that's his smelly old toe?
What if that's his sort of growth coming out of the top of his head that's disguised?
With little bits of schmata from socks under his toenails.
His mouth.

Have you ever noticed that hair coming out from under Bob's toenails when you're sucking on his toenail?
Have you ever noticed that tear in that order?
That's from his socks.
Those cheap socks he wears.
But you don't care because you're a slavish religious nut, aren't you?
So you're a Bobby, right?
I don't have bad dreams now.
You're a Bobby.
You're not a student of Bob's works.
You're not reading and memorizing the pre-scriptures or the book of the subgenius, no.
No, you're just a Bobby.
You want to wear the shirt so people go, oh look, he knows what's cool.
He's got Bob on his shirt so therefore he must be cool.
That's a gimme, Bob.
That's all you are.
I see you.
I'm up here where I can see you people.
I'm in discernment.
Now I know that most of you, you don't even really believe in Bob.
Do you?
Do you?
They don't really believe in Bob because he's too good to be true.
Can't be a Bob.
Nothing could be the same.
He's not that wonderful.
Well, in my case...
No pipe smoke could smell so inviting.
No grin could be so confident.
So this must be a clip art.
That's all.
He's just a fake.
He's a drawing.
There's no real Bob.
Look, he doesn't even have a body.
He's just a head.
That ain't a perv.
There's no real Bob.
Well, that's what disturbs me a lot.
They can't believe it because it's too good.
The reason I don't believe in Bob is because everything I've seen shows Bob is merely a
disconnected head, which frightens the hell out of me.
No, friend!
The only reason you shouldn't believe in Bob is because he told you not to believe in him.
He's not going to tell me, oh, you don't believe in me and I believe in you.
I don't believe in Bob only because he told me not to.
Oh.
He told me that's why I don't believe in him.
Because he said, don't you believe in me.
I want you to believe in the God that don't want you to believe in it.
What an ensemble.
What a pudding.
What a divine request.
Get off my foot!
Oh, sorry.
He was there.
He was there, friends, where you weren't and you can't go because he's Bob.
Who are you?
Are you Bob?
Well, your name might be Bob.
It's the most common name in the English language.
Yeah, Bob spelled backwards is still Bob.
Hey, for every stank I got a new joke for you.
Bob, damn it.
My friend, that's a funny joke and you're a true subgenius.
You're definitely underneath Bob.
You're underneath your own genius and also under an IQ of 139 and a half.
You've been left in the cold by an angry God with no teeth and a full cycle and set
up in sick.
Damn you.
But Bob's still got all his teeth, friends.
You have been left as a marked man or woman, whatever the .
Bob's no toothless God.
Bob is no toothless God.
He's got a fine set of choppers.
He's ready to eat the hell out of the next thing that crosses his plate.
Are you going to be his next burger?
Not me.
I would.
I don't want to be Bob's next burger.
You will be if he wants you.
If he wants you, you will be, young lady.
If Bob wants you to do something, you're going to do it.
I'll be the pickle on the burger.
He won't be the pickle on the burger.
I don't even have to tell you.
You'll just do it automatically because what Bob wants, and I mean wants, not won'ts, but
Bob wants just happens to be what's going to happen anyway.
You can't get around that.
You can't get over it, but you can live under it.
You can live under Bob.
You can live under Bob's dominion.
Just quit thinking for yourself and think for Bob.
He doesn't think.
He's the truest subgenius.
There's not a single real brain cell.
The pipe's tap roots have devoured all of the original brain cells of Bob.
Nothing in there but Bob's pipe, tap roots, and his love.
And he loves you.
Bob loves you, and the pipe loves you.
Unless you're a chicken.
That's true.
The chicken is the one creature that Bob says cannot return your love.
All other creatures will return Bob's love, and he has made love to almost all the animals
of the world.
Now, may I ask?
One of each.
I mean, not all the animals, especially when you get the insects.
It's just ridiculous.
Well, ridiculous is kind of a happy way of describing the results.
But the whales, of course.
He's most famous for futtering whales.
And he doesn't even have a proboscis.
What do they call those in the river?
The rectal cartilage.
He doesn't have one.
He has just a regular human proboscis there.
And yet he made love with the cetans.
Not the shetans or the sheetans, of course, but the cetans.
So you said, anyway.
And the cephalopods.
What a man.
The arthropods.
Bob has his wick in many kingdoms of the animal kingdom.
Arthritic arthropods.
Many phyla.
And microcephalopods.
And phyla has had a few.
Cephalopods.
He has tried to keep up with Bob, but you know, trying to keep up with the Dobbses.
Think of that.
Can I ask you a question, Stang?
Why will a chicken not return the love of Dobbs?
I don't know.
He has pleasured chickens.
He has tried.
But he says that they are the one animal that cannot return your love.
But he never culminated the act.
And that's one reason why you shouldn't feel too bad about eating chickens and having them raised in horrible frankincense.
Because they don't want to have sex with us.
They don't want to.
Therefore, we should eat them.
They can't return your love.
French fries and so forth.
Yeah.
And also, now this is another thing to think about.
There was an ad.
Does this apply to women, too?
You're not forgetting the age of giant birds now, are you, Dave?
We talked about that last time.
I am purposely forgetting the age of giant birds because who wants to return to the age of giant birds?
Right.
So to speak.
So we still got, we have to eat chickens for another five million years to get payback.
Right.
Because they ate our ancestors.
Right.
That's true.
It is karma.
We might have been a superior.
But nothing that has happened might have happened if only those giant chickens had not eaten certain of our ancestors.
But just think, they never developed the way they should have.
They never took the helmsmanship of the earth, so to speak.
Actually, how do we know they didn't evolve a super civilization in their last 100,000 years and leave the planet?
Like the Yeti did.
Perhaps this is it.
The mighty Yeti left the planet, mostly.
And left these spores, which we're examining right now.
And some footprints and some home movies.
Now these spores, you've got different categories and labels here.
And amateur magazines.
Yeah.
Well, the magazines are in one place.
About Bigfoots and stuff.
So you have them all alphabetically organized and arranged here.
What is this one right here?
That one is actually about all hoaxes, not just Bigfoot, but hoaxes we've known and loved.
Crop circles.
Christianity.
So you're saying this picture isn't real?
Capitalism.
All the great hoaxes of modern and ancient world.
This picture of this lady here with this growing out of her head is not real, then.
This is part of the hoax of?
Oh, no.
That's a real hoax.
It's not one of Bob's pretend hoaxes.
I mean, that gets confusing and kind of postmodernist.
Because you got your type A hoax.
Just your straight lake monster made with a robot or a submarine.
Or your Bigfoot track made with Uncle Bob's fake Bigfoot board.
But then you got your fake hoaxes.
Like when J.R. Bob Dobbs was popularly voted fraud of the century by Time Magazine's online poll in 2000.
It was actually a hoax hoax.
Well, it was a misspelling, too.
Because I have to admit, some subgeniuses voted more than once.
And I think Pope Phil Monty in England kept voting repeatedly until we passed Geraldo Rivera, who was the runner-up most hated fraud of the century.
Yeah, you could probably get any petition passed to him.
And nobody really cared about Geraldo.
It was a discordian who was jealous of us, was trying to make sure that J.R. Bob Dobbs didn't get that honor.
Yeah.

And I think it was because of the misspelling, afraid of the sanctuary.
Oh.
And so they filled in the lines themselves and they created this whole, it's just the way they always create media.
The creation of consensus. Haven't you ever...
That's what we're doing right now, baby.
Right. We're making stuff up and you're going to believe it in the morning, kids.
You pay to know what you really think. Bob said it.
Yep.
I smoked it, that settles it.
Believe me out of it.
I fought it.
I forked my foreskin for him. And so I'm a child of Bob.
I'm a child in Bob's love.
You were a child in Bob's love.
And I hate everyone who is not.
Now that was just forked up.
I had an employer who was a Christian who would tell me that he was a child of Bob and dwell... or God.
He didn't say Bob. He said he was a Christian, so he said God.
Well, he had a DVS.
He said he lived in God's love and he was indwelling in God's love.
And then he would turn around and say the most nasty, hateful, racist, bigoted crap.
That same guy asked me if I would be his junior partner and I thought to myself, oh, you're right.
I said, oh, no, no, I think I'm going to rather be a house husband and raise my kids.
I thought he wanted to...
And then I proceeded to go to work for J.R. Bob Dobbs, who is not a hypocrite in his hate.
When he hates, he admits it. In fact, it's hate squared. It's the hate of hate.
He has no malice left in his heart because he used it all up on the hate of hate. Hate squared.
Well, this hate created in you, are you sure it's not because of the glands that he...
He doesn't know how to love because his glands don't function.
Not normally.
He knows how to hate.
They do function hyper-normally.
And what he hates most is hate. In fact, he would kill the haters.
If he only...
It's the old death to all fanatics, you might say, only not meant as a joke.
Well, why do they hate?
Why do they want to do that? I don't understand.
I don't know either because we're the fanatics, right?
We're the Bob fanatics. Is he going to kill us because we're fanatics for him?
I hope not.
I think he will. As a matter of fact, I think that's just exactly what Mr. J.R. Bob Dobbs had in mind when he started the Church and Stuff Genius.
He was going to round up all the dunderheads and knuckleheads and to get them all in one place and then make fun of them, mock them, and kill them.
Mimicry.
And that was going to be X-Day 1998.
And in the last minute, Philo prevented the clenching of the deal and the closing of the butt cheek.
Well, yeah, when you say that automatically.
The kissing of the clenched cheek, which he did not actually allow the lips of the kisser to come in exact contact, molecular contact,
with the buttocks of the kissee. Did I say kissee when I meant kisser in the beginning?
The kissee is the buttock itself.
The kisser is the one with the lip and the kissee is the one with the buttock.
And this is where Bob was able to give the illusion, as Philo put it,
Of a buffer.
of a kiss placed upon the skin of the buttock.
But in actuality, it was only the...
simulacrum of the touching of the lip to the skin.
And he never actually did the final kiss on the fundament of Satan.
Bob cheated at the last minute and he had his fingers crossed when he did his Masonic pledge, you see.
And that's why Bob was able to infiltrate the conspiracy, learn their secrets, and now he's going to share them with you.
Of course, we can't share all of Bob's money-making prosperity secrets with everybody.
That would wreck it for us and for you.
But if you will cleave to Bob and listen to this radio station faithfully,
and you know how to do what's right at subgenius.com.
You understand cleavage, don't you?
Well, that's right. I knew you did!
I saw you! I knew you!
When I saw you, I thought to myself, now there's a person that knows their cleavage.
And they're going to cleave unto Bob.
And they're going to give unto Bob that which is rightfully his.

And they're going to cleave unto Bob that which is rightfully Bob's due.
Now, what is the random psychopathic tithe for each individual required under conception?
By the church of the subgenius.
We can't actually give figures on this non-profit public supported radio airwave.
Can we give a grand illusion perhaps to it?
We can tell people that if they need more information about the Hour Slack, Church of the Subgenius,
they can go to subgenius.com on the internet.
Now, there's no O in subgenius, but there is in .com.
In fact, there are two, depending on how you do, if you write out the dot, D-O-T.
And the C-O, and more D-O-T, C-O-M.
Yeah, then there's two dots in .com.
Two dots and two Os.
But how do we prescribe against their perhaps going mad after reading these?
I always, well, what I usually do is when I'm in the doctor's office, I grab just one sheet off her prescription pad,
and then you go over to the Friendly Institute.
You go to the print shop and have all made you want.
You mean to tell me, wait a minute.
And you can write your own prescription, kids.
That's what Bob's all about.
Write your own prescription for your own medicine.
Be your own pharmacist.
Be your own doctor.
And if they pee test you, then take the pee.
And the pain.
Friends, Bob cares about you, and he wants you to do what's right.
Not just for him, but for yourself.
Because how are you going to help Bob if he has to help you?
See, he don't want you using him as a crutch.
He wants to use you as a crutch.
See how this is different from the other religions?
It's the crutch of the subgenius, you could say.
Don't let that smelly, smelly membrane get in your way.
Let Bob lean on you.
Lean. Lean.
Let him lean on you.
See?
You're going to get used to it.
When you get to be a living avatar of slack, then you can be the one that leans on the next guy.
But first you're going to have to, you know, have your immaculation, religion, vision of God and the aliens and the future and so forth.
Then you can start your own religion.
But first you've got to undergo the tortures of hell and the brain damage.
And the long sleepless nights.
Where you pray and pray and pray for your boss to fire.
Ain't it a great day when you finally get fired and you say to yourself, it wasn't because I was lazy.
I didn't quit.
They fired me.
I can't help it.
It's not my fault if I have to go on the dole and let the conspiracy support me.
I put in a lot of social security.
I'll let them, I'll coast for a while.
And see, it says here, farmer.
It says, stringmeister.
And it also says, stone and metal smith.
I don't know.
When did you do, what kind of work were you doing as a stone and metal smith?
What are you talking about?
Smiths and stoners?
What?
Huh?
I'm just looking through your.
Look, not everybody names smith.
Oh, no.
This is the wrong, this is the wrong form.
I was looking at your appropriation.
Many of the smiths are teetotalers.
Oh, they are?
Total teetotalers.
Well, not many.
Actually, only one that I can think of.
Anything?
Anything of any kind?
They won't touch anything.
Of any air.
The teetotaling smiths are the ones who will not, they won't touch anything.
They won't, they.
Well, maybe that would explain why the.
Their feet have to touch something.
Oh, I see.
That's the one thing they'll allow to touch, because they don't have any choice.
Something has to touch the ground, because they can't float.
But friends, if they could, they would, wouldn't you?
Because see, you, maybe you're one of those stoner smiths and you don't know it.
Don't you wish you could just float?
I saw a lady carrying a baby yesterday and I thought, why don't I have a giant carrying me?
It's just not fair.
I want to be carried.
By a big, warm, giant woman with big, huge, giantess, soft bosom.
Amazonia.
That I could rest on.
And she just stroked my hair while she carried me and say, there, there.
There, there.
You poor, poor thing.
You poor, poor thing.
Everything's going to be all right.
Isn't that what we all want, friends?
Everything's going to really be all right.
Don't that sound like slack to you?
You, you, you, mommy, that's where I was dressed up in.
You just lean your head back right here, honey.
Stockings and.
It's going to be okay.
Just don't tase me, brother.
Don't tase me.
And I'm never.
Don't be a, don't be one of those trick tasers.
You know, you know, some girls are like that.
They trick you and they're always tasing you.
They get you.
They flicker.
They flutter their eyelashes and their bosoms at you and you get attracted to them and then they tase you.
I'm no trick tase.
They were just tasing you the whole time.
I'm no trick tase.
Whatever happened to the freedom of speech in America?
What happened to freedom to pee?
In something besides a drug testing cup.
What about the freedom of the arms?
That's the only time.
That's the way it's going to get to me.
Autonomic, excuse me, the nervous system.
Every time you urinate.
They're testing you.
And you become one with the whole universe.
You'll see.
Soon enough you'll see.
And once I've turned away from the.
Number 273.
Number 273.
.
It isn't true.
I'm not going to give up.
I'm not going to give up.
Oh, it's alright.
It's really going to be alright.
There, there.
Poor, poor thing.
You poor, poor thing.
You poor, poor thing.
.
.
Ow!
.
I look at the top of its head.
What is this?
It's a mess.
And it smells like a mess.
Look, you can actually see the brain.
This is not what I want.
What about braiding the brain?
May I?
Yes, you may.
Friends, these are the kind of fun activities you can look forward to
when you join the Church of the Subgenius and become a Bob Scout.
If you're a young person, yes, you can join the Bob Scouts,
which we just now invented.
That's the youth outreach, Dobbs Youth, you might say.
Little brown shirts.
Their shirts are bought white,
but they turn brown because they wipe their noses on them for years.
In the Bob Scouts.
It's traditional.
We know that wasting is bad.
And in the Bob Scouts.
The Bob Scouts aren't like the Cub Scouts.
You can be a queer.
And Bob will love that.
That's no problem.
You can be an atheist and join the Bob Scouts.
You could be trans.
You could be a Christian and join the Bob Scouts.
We don't have anything against anybody.
It could be a crikey Bob.
We don't even want to touch you.
We don't want to be against you or anywhere near you.
You can be what you want.
That's right.
And you can be far, far away from us.
And we'd be perfect.
We'd be perfectly happy.
And that's what I mean.
You can be a peanut shell.
Now, isn't there something we're supposed to add here to this show?
Yes, there are lots of things we should be adding.
Go to the book.
What do we...
Oh, look.
We could put large, intoxicating erstwhile breasties on the show.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, I know what we're missing.
The legal ID.
You're listening to the Hour of Slack.
Broadcast here from Dobstown.
In beautiful Dobstown.
In fabulous Dobstown.
All right, all you guys, line up.
That's right.
Get those hands up in the air.
Get those feet slapping together.
He's Bob.
He really freaking does.
I swear it.
Yeah.
He's Bob, my dog don't ever change.
Always will be Bob.
He's Bob, my dog don't ever change.
He's Bob, always will be Bob.
He's Bob.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob, always will be Bob.
He's Bob, my dog don't ever change.
He's Bob, always will be Bob.
His hair is the one with the highlight that shines on the pompadour.
That dimples the inside light, it's good he knows what it's for.
He's Bob.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob, always will be Bob.
Friends, you can see Bob at some subgenius shows coming up in distant lands, far away.
Baltimore, November 10th, with Suzy the Floozy, just been added to that one.
And your surely Reverend Ivan Stang, Carter LeBlanc, and the Amino Acids,
who we just had dinner with earlier tonight.
Some of them.
You can't eat without Amino Acids.
Amino Acids, actually.
November 18th, the Frop Cup in Amsterdam.
November 24th, in Detroit, there's a DeVival.
Amino Acids, Detroit, DeVival, November 24th.
And December 8th, San Francisco.
Oh.
I just heard about that.
It's just got a new one.
Mongoloid.
Reverend Mongoloid is putting on a DeVival in San Francisco on December 8th, where Dr.
Howell.
Will Howell.
The Wind.
But we really should get out of here, though, because this show is now that it's howling
to its bitter, howly end.
Can you help me to my feet, little lady?
I am.
So, we'll let the Lemurians take us away.
I'll show you that I, a free man from the earth, am more than a match for your brainless
red monkey men.
Flash presses the switch.
Keep it going.
Emperor Ming, fearing that his monkey men will all be killed, orders his soldiers to
destroy him.
The Soul Genius.
Power of Swords.
And he opens his eyes to find himself staring up into the great face of Bob.
I am the sworn enemy of that fiend.
Just a minute here.
What's going on?
Looks like somebody's in for a liquor.
What's it all about?
None of your business.
Now I understand.
Are you screwy?
Not me. I'm an American.
Oh.
Well, don't you see what I'm trying to tell you, fellas?
No.
Well, so long, man.
Here, let me help you.
Can you be sure it isn't true?
