Yes, yes, yes, yes. First, this little edit here from Phineas Narco.
How is old Bob?
Oh, he's doing good. He sends his regards.
You know one of the best things about Bob?
What's that?
He's a smoker.
Yeah. Yeah, a fromp all the way.
Hey, Bob, it's great to have you on this show again. How you doing?
Bob!
B-O-B!
But if you're on the market for just a basic, decent guy, you can't go wrong with Bob.
He's a reliable, no-frills model. Just one previous owner.
She only traded him in because she wanted something a little zippier.
His name's Bob.
Bob.
Bob's great.
He comes in every day.
He's tall, dark, and handsome.
His eyes are brown.
Brown shirt.
Brown pants.
Brown belt.
How do I know?
Brown truck.
He's pretty cool.
And I think I have a crush on him.
Championship soldier.
Bob is a tireless worker.
Bob's a man of vision.
A dynamic person.
Bob is a people person.
He's a unique individual.
He's one of a kind.
He's a people person.
Bob is...
He's a genius.
First rate.
He's an inspiration.
He's a man of the people.
I love Bob.
He's a people person.
He's a mover and a shaker.
Bob is the leader of the generation.
Bob is a tireless worker.
Unbridled energy.
As his doctor, I know I tell him to slow down.
He won't listen.
And now I want you all to say, vote Bob!
Vote Bob!
Bob has a great vision.
And now, the self-genius.
Our house.
What?
The subgenius hour of slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station and only in the city of...
Should any other shows be heard from or contacted in the...
course of this show, the listener is advised to remain calm and only contact listed or unlisted officials in the event of any material from this radio or other listening device being inhaled during broadcast.
I've got a pair.
I've got a pair.
I've got a pair.
And she's got a hell of a pair.
We've got a...
Oh, God, we've all got pairs here.
It's so nice.
But I don't have a mic.
She's got a pair with...
We're all hooked up to the umbilicals here.
She's got a pair with that.
You'll find it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Do you have a real show in your hometown?
No, we had a...
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
Okay, thank you.
There was a show crash.
There's a terrible show crash.
KPFA just ran into KNON and caused a wreck on WREK.
It's a disastrous show.
Oh, wait a minute.
But, but...
Now, which show is this?
The disaster was when it was...
I thought this was Bob's Slack Time Funhouse.
You'll find that naked women...
No, no, no.
I'm on 91.1 Atlanta.
No, no, you're not.
This is KNON.
This is, well, there is no KNON anymore.
Hey, get your sound waves off my turf.
What is this?
Hey, your sound waves taste good with my headphones.
Oh.
They are kind of creamy.
Your Doppler effect fell into my sound waves.
Your sound waves fell into my...
Oh, my continental drift.
It's taking a toll everywhere.
Unfortunately, the doctors have to do the one thing they hate to do.
Share a microphone.
Yeah, especially when the other one has such terrible breath.
Oh, they're covered with ectoplasm.
Guess which one that is.
Yeah, you'd have to guess which doctor is on which mic.
You'd have to French kiss...
Which twin has the Tony?
You'd have to French kiss both of them like I did.
To know the difference.
And live.
Don't ask about what I had to do.
You're hurting my ears, which is what I've been doing to listeners for years.
You know, I am saying...
Reverend Jane or Hypercrete's from Little Rock, Arkansas.
And in fact, you missed my performance Friday night.
And I'm not going to do anything anymore at the science fiction convention.
Of course, it would probably be just like way over your head and insult your every value system.
And just totally confuse you with...
Now, we don't want to confuse anyone, Jane.
No, we wouldn't want to put out any disinformation.
But how could we...
I want to get that straight.
In case anybody was wondering.
It's not going to be open again until tomorrow.
But...
And we, of course, are having the big deep Bible tonight at 10.
Which you are really lucky because this is a true old-fashioned Bible-pounding, black-eyed, pee-eating,
swimming love corpses, music-supplied, sub-genius deep Bible.
And theoretically, Jane or Hypercrete's will be there too.
Where's...
Someone will drive him down from Little Rock.
Where's puzzling evidence?
Oh, he's puzzling.
Puzzling evidence will probably be here, but he'll be...
Okay, who called this meeting?
One of you people are puzzling evidence.
And one of you is the 13th apostle.
Could it be you?
Could be you.
Could be anybody.
Come on, give us a chance.
We never said who the first 12 were for that matter.
All 13 of you could be out there.
But that leaves that.
This is the most democratic church that anybody who spends lots of money can be.
That 13th apostle.
Salvation can be bought.
We have numerous 13th apostles.
What did it say on the... that we're supposed to talk about?
Explain the church.
They were supposed to explain the church in the 17th year.
How much time do we have?
In 25 words or less.
12 decades?
Or...
Yeah.
What is it, a century?
We've been doing that for 14 and a half years now.
They still haven't got it.
Well, it's not even finished.
No, seriously.
Are there any questions?
That's really the best way to start with this kind of thing.
Who do we have to kill?
Yeah, who can we kill?
We killed Bob.
Yeah, we've killed our guru.
Many, many times already.
He keeps popping back up.
Can't die.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Kill the wolf.
Call an ambulance.
Wake up.
Vote Bob.
Just can't keep a good guru down.
How many people here actually know what the Church of the Subgenius is, quote, unquote,
know?
That's just about a half.
Yes, that's gratifying.
Yeah.
Well.
Sometimes I think I do.
For the rest of you, I really don't know what to tell you except that you'll have to actually
invest some time.
You'll have to pay to find out.
Well, if you don't know, you could be on the right track, too.
That's the wonder of it.
That is very true.
That's the wonder of it.






Yeah.
I have a question.
Yes.
The little boy in the...
Why?
That's what Arnold Palmer asked us.
Why?
We gave him a very straight answer.
Why?
The answer is so simple.
Why not reach your DM?
It's slack.
That is why.
Slack first for Bob, then for we, his called ministers, and then for those who may partake
of that slack as a direct runoff from the luck power that is sucked towards Bob, sprays
off the power of the church, and then the power of the church is sucked towards Bob.











And then Bob gets sucked off of him onto us, and then it sort of drips off of us onto...
And if you get in one of those big clouds, you're so lucky.
It's the slack trickle-down theory.
It's a pyramidal...
Slackonomics.
Yeah, slackonomics.
It's the pyramid scheme with you buried in the tomb in the middle of the pyramid.
Yeah, somewhere you're in that pyramid, in the secret room that you can't get to anymore.
I want you here...
I want to say something that doesn't make any sense, like everything that you say...
Moonraker, don't worry, friends.
It's only...
It's only hard.
Things like that.
If you're trying to say that, you know, this is not confusing, well, that confuses me because
I find it confusing, but I was straight on the fact that it was confusing, but when you
told me it was not confusing, that confused me.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
We have to start over again.
Okay.
A few minutes after we're...
Oh, yes.
Take it from the top.
Go.
Ah, welcome to church.
You are listening to the subgenius radio ministry...
Get on your knees, seekers.
...our...
Get ready for some lashings of...
Slack.
Slack.
There's a seeker born every day...
Wait a minute.
Which show is this?
Where am I?
You wouldn't know Slack if it tortured you to death.
You wouldn't know Slack if it...
Oh, I'm begging for it, too.
...in Berkeley and Oakland and all of Northern California and you're listening to...
If it just handcuffed you and just started beating you with a...
You're beating to Jane-er?
Just started lashing you with a car aerial until you were striped like Tony Tiger.
Who are these people?
With a cat and nine tails.
You wouldn't know Slack if it chopped your head off.
God, this closet is full.
You wouldn't know Slack if it drove nine-inch nails into your eyes.
You people out there, don't you?
You're just a bunch of half-subgenius, half-hearted subgeniuses.
You wouldn't send me all your money.
You wouldn't give me all your worldly possessions.
They want Bob for free.
None of the women out there want to become slaves to Jane-er Hyperclase.
They're just half-subgeniuses.
I'm already a slave to Bob.
You're barking up the wrong girl.
Hey, this one's Philo.
Well, you've joined up with the wrong cult.
Oh, God, not another Philo.
We'll make one up for later.
Even the wrong cult can be the right cult.
I tell you what, because you can't hear Philo, you'll hear Papa Joe Momma.
But Bob's just a face on it.
I put Philo in the box.
Ivan's thing.
If he can't hear Philo, you'll hear Papa Joe Momma.
If she's good, we'll punch some air holes.
You won't hear Underdog.
You won't see Kiss, and you won't see the Aurora models come to life like we did earlier.
Yes, dear friends, we've been at the DragonCon science fiction convention for the last couple of days.
Here in Atlanta.
It has been a show crash.
I feel kind of sorry for those geeky, neurotic, pathetic, wimp sci-fi fans
who are absolutely the prototypical cartoon of a geek.
A-clown.
They woke up the next morning.
Doc, there could be outta time Sommigeek then used me for whatever,
you know?
econевид Touche.
It's possible we've gotta hire this shit.

Let's go.
We're always gonna help, uh, U.S. defeat.
Uh...
Ah...
be spectacled, flabby, pasty, way-faced geeks.
Praise them.
Don't you love them?
Where else?
This church would not survive.
There were some pockets, though.
After all, their money is green.
And what souls would Bob have to sell to the Axis?
Highly illogical, Captain.
I've slipped a few of those souls.
Here comes the enterprise.
Here comes the enterprise.
Boy, there's a lot of Klingons down there.
Oh, and they're hip, too.
They're into K-Bob or K-Bob.
Spock, you green-blooded alien.
We're talking about men's lives, not your logic.
You're out of your fulkin' mind.
That's your fulkin' mind, I think you said.
Dr. McCoy, I believe...
Fulkin'.
Well...
I believe Captain Kirk left me in charge of the enterprise.
She's remembering the show there.
She was when he was making his trip down to the X-Dimension.
Dr. McCoy, what are you doing with that mobile transporter beam?
Dr. McCoy...
Dr. McCoy...
Dr. McCoy, where's Spock?
You're not gonna listen to this later.
Of course, the only really, really pure sci-fi fans are the subgeniuses, you know.
Dr. McCoy...
They're the ones who've lived that science fiction.
And, you know, real life has gotten a lot scarier than any sci-fi movie.
I mean, back in the old days, the only time the army moved into L.A. was when giant ants invaded.
Oh, that's next.
We've got that arranged.
Yeah, what...
I'm sorry about the comet hitting the wrong side of Jupiter.
We've been working on that.
If H.G. Wells could see the future, he'd roll over in his grave if he was alive today.
Are we dead now?
Didn't the comet land on the northern part of Canada and wipe us all out?
Are we still doing a show here?
That was the body of Satan being hurled to the earth by God himself.
Am I talking right now?
Is this my voice?
I don't know.
I mean, are these words...
I'll check.
I'll go right outside and check.
I mean, could you record this and then sell it to someone else at a later date?
I mean...
That's what I do.
Half price on verbs.
I mean...
I'll sell the nouns back.
I mean, how much would you charge me for a tape of myself?
Why don't we do this?
You do the adjectives and the verbs.
I'll do the nouns and the adverbs.
And I'll sell the tape.
No, come on.
Just on this tape.
Just like we've been doing all these years.
Now then, we have to renegotiate in half an hour for the second 30 minutes of the 90-minute CD.
I checked the stock exchange.
Nouns are big this week.
Bigger than adjectives or adverbs or other Jane-er words.
That changes.
Oh, but prepositions are so good.
Or is it propositions?
What happened?
Last night with the swinging love corpses and Papa Joe Mama and Jane-er and Ivan Stang and Suzy the Flusy.
Oh.
It seems like...
They're still stacking the bodies like cordwood.
It seems like it's the fallen women that always get picked up in the grand ballroom west.
Yeah, they're still mopping up the blood left over from that head-launching.
It was just a teeny little head in a tiny, tiny golf club.
I didn't know it would have those 27 gallons of blood in it.
Yeah, it's so hard to believe such a small golfer head could bleed.
Quite so much.
And people are standing in line to go in there and look at the patterns on the carpet.
We haven't told them about the dangerously high radiation levels.
You should see the crowd outside the station.
You looked out the window and seen the crowd outside the station?
But that was just a prostitution.
Standing in line to die.
That was just a false head-launching.
Anyone who saw that and believed it was real is damned to hell.
And friends, there's no water down there.
There's plenty of head blood, though.
Oh, yeah.
You're just a bunch of...
Beer, head blood.
And bodily excretions that build up on the stage after the swinging love corpses reach their climax.
We're talking about...
Help me, somebody!
Yes, dear friends!
It's about time we had a for real, Bible-breaking, pulpit-pounding, black-eyed peen subgenius revival here.
And by that, I don't mean some silly parody situation.
Where we make fun of televangelists and Billy Graham and so forth.
No, sir.
We are not up here to make fun.
We are up here because we hate the normals.
The prudes, prigs, weasers, and weenuses.
The super patriots and fundamentalists and fanatics and so forth.
They all think there ought to be a little more religion in this country.
Uh-huh.
Well, have we got a religion for them?
The Church of the Subgenius.
God's answer to fundamentalists.
Building a new heaven and earth on the rubble of the old.
Beyond Satanism, dear friends.
Something for nothing.
That's what Bob's here to bring you.
Something for nothing.
Eternal salvation or triple your money back.
You can take the church.
Shove it into any orifice and watch it go.
Ah, yes.
This is real.
Everything you know is true.
Bob is the proof.
Bob sold it.
I smoked it.
That battles it.
We may now proceed.
Be not afraid, dear friends.
You have no choice.
Bob is coming.
It is useless to resist.
The code by diddy comes down on at the doorstep.
Outước digging up ab失 Andrea

Huh?
dings
Coolin'
I think we're and we're gonna live a life age.
Get ready life.
A爸
We endure to slowly return the heamer,
☆
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Now, folks, Jayner's just kidding.
He's just doing a satire of rednecks.
We want to make sure that you understand.
But for purposes of parity only.
Yes, it's just a parity only.
No, parity is the way it's pronounced around here.
This is equal time for equal religions.
Some are more equal than others.
Pass the equal, please.
Praise Bob.
I'm attracted to women who wear high heels because they can't run as fast.
I'm attracted to high heels.
Hey, I want to talk about how disgusting sci-fi fans are since I used to be one.
I know them pretty well.
Well, I am one.
The people we just left.
Were there any proto-stangs there?
Did you see any?
What kind of blasphemous utterance is that?
To think that any of those people could lower themselves to the level of a stang.
He cries easily.
Round one.
Okay, I'm sorry, stang.
I'm sorry, stang.
I didn't mean to insult the Trekkies like that.
No, um.
No, but see.
Seriously, folks.
No, seriously, folks.
What about the people last night that came to the show?
What were they doing?
What are they like?
I said, doctor, it hurts whenever I do this and don't do that.
I really don't care about the people who came to the show.
All I care about is the people who came up to the sales table at that convention afterwards.
And they're my good friends.
Everybody who bought one of those Bob shirts or other things that I can't talk about on the other stations.
Or a Janeer tape or a Janeer healing hate crystal.
Yeah, Janeer was actually selling.
I've got one.
I'm like, leave it right now.
Crystals at the subgenius sales table at the science fiction convention.
Janeer.
Ah.
Ah.
It came out of the dirt.
Janeer had it.
Father Joe Mama.
No.
Father Joe Mama is here.
Tell them about the crystals.
Many, many doctors.
You can focus your hate.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You see, the New Agers have been missing the boat all this time.
They've been focusing healing energy and love energy.
And that works.
But a crystal can transmit and amplify energy.
So there's no reason a subgenius couldn't buy one and amplify his hatred.
Towards his enemies and create injury and dismemberment powers rather than healing powers for the normals.
And then pour ground up glass and rock salt into the gaping open wounds of the people he went to ninth grade with.
The trick is that you have to turn the crystal in the opposite direction.
Now, the fun thing is to think that some of these people who don't know how to use crystals have been pointing the aggregate, the unhealing side towards them all this while.
And this is why some of the New Agers are the way they are.
I just give them a twist and let them dig in.
You know, in California, you buy them with the crystal sewn right into the zipper of the pants.
I'm sorry I'm late.
I got in a real heated discussion with some loser that was telling me that Saurak had actually turned the planet Vulcan around for this reparation.
Yeah, yeah.
We were just talking about that.
Those guys were here a minute ago fighting about that very same thing.
I mean, everybody knows that Saurak is a savior of Vulcan.
You know, I just couldn't believe that.
That is really...
Well, I think Elfquest number 27 was a lot deeper statement.
Than Elfquest number 21 through 26.
My dwarf lord cancels out your elfin queen.
But I'm a...
I need a Dr. Pepper.
I'm a wizard.
But in this new role playing game, you play with some of my cards.
But I wasn't playing with a full deck in the first place.
And I'm not talking about the game.
These people are into some kind of fantasy world.
Not like the Church of the Subgenius, which takes a good hard bite out of reality.
The hard, cold, broken glass covers.
The hard cement.
It lets that bitter tang from life hit you in the back of the throat.
They've already rounded us up, dear friends.
Locked cattle.
Herded us into forced slave labor camps.
And replaced our names with urine test result numbers.
Only most of us didn't notice.
Because at the end of the day, they still let you clock out.
Go home to your cell block and punch in again.
For a few minutes of quality time.
With the spouse and the kiddies.
Or the drugs and the TV are all four.
You're used to it.
You can take it.
It's a living.
Elvis is dead.
Hendrix is dead.
John Holmes is dead.
The Marlboro Man has cancer.
Love and kindness are purchased commodities.
Charlie's still in jail.
Even the gay baby whales are...
endorsing big oil companies, dear friends.
Rock and roll is a beer commercial and punk is a hairstyle.
All the starving people in the world want back what they think you took.
And you're supposed to work like a dog just to keep what you only think you already have.
You cannot even die legally in this country.
As a result of this convention, we are actually going to begin the Church of Normal.
Four normals by normals.
It should be obvious to everyone...
Approved by Don.
It should be obvious to everyone that even though we are against the normals,
that from henceforth we are also against the abnormals.
We have come to turn abnormals against normals unto themselves.
I find myself against a lot of people.
It's just the in-betweens.
But that was our original concept, an infinity of hate.
But I'm opposed to that even.
Yeah, so, yeah. Right.
We hate science.
We hate science.
We're still looking at Reverend Susie the Floozy.
Those aren't fanboys. Those are werewolves with power number seven.
Don't you know anything?
Oh, yeah. Oh sorry, I didn't look at it.
The only way to get rid of them was the silver
bullet card.
I didn't look at the four thousand page xerox of the book of the game we're playing.
And those are a rare chase card. There's only one in eighteen packs.
Your chances of getting the silver bullet card are one in eighteen.
These guys know the rules. They're probably going to beat us at sub-genius game number 3700.
Well, I have a rant card. I have the power to rant.
I have a phylo that, yeah.
Over a tape deck.
With a rant card and a phylo, we can probably kill.
I wish I just had to be able to keep a job card.
Get out a corporation-free card.
You got too many of those, Jane.
Oh, I've got to go feed them.
Get out of your job and slack off.
Does anyone know where I could get a pick-up-a-woman card?
Yeah, those are upstairs in room 1750.
Ever been picked up by the fuzz?
The subgenius cards are an ongoing card collection.
We're always adding special chase cards.
The get-a-free-woman card is...
We're waiting until Jane retires before we issue that.
We're afraid he may get that card.
You can get a woman free, but you've got to tie her up first.
Well, we don't set her free.
Anybody got any linch?
I think that... Is that what you're supposed to say?
Oh, by the way, Sting, we got into that little cabinet
that had all the free potato chips and M&Ms and stuff in your room.
How do you get into that?
You just use a little toothpick and open it up.
It was great. There's all sorts of booze and everything.
There's no charge for that, is there?
And, Dan, there's...
And balloons are in there, too.
Well, that's for the convention to pay for.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I kind of played rock star in your hotel room, Doug.
I hope you don't mind.
You know, I just went off. I went crazy.
But, I mean, that's what I'm supposed to do.
That was my television in the swimming pool down there?
Well, you'll be glad to know that it may have been your television,
but at least we kept it plugged in when we threw it in there,
eliminating all the swimming.
I mean, that's what you're into.
I mean, that's your thing, you know.
We had to get a real long extension cord.
You're into these weird cults, you know,
like Trump and Trump.
Yeah, and Charles Manson and stuff.
I mean, so when I just, like, you know,
stabbed you in the stomach 37 times with a rusty fork,
I mean, that's your thing.
You're into weird cults and stuff.
Well, I'm all for killing the hogs.
Oh, yeah.
Sure, I cut up nine hogs.
Hell, I'll pile them to the sky at 20 million high.
Maybe then I can save my trees and my water and my wildlife.
That's what we're trying to do, friends.
We're just trying to save the planet.
It's more important than anything on the planet.
I thought we were going to pave the planet.
Well, yeah.
That's the only way to preserve it.
That's why we have to save it.
And the skulls of our enemies.
The Charles Manson Wildlife Reserve.
Just make a right at the graveyard.
That's a very beautiful conservationist plan, Charles.
People think we're inhuman because we kill people,
but in fact, we're just rabid environmentalists.
People create pollution.
We're just inhuman without doing anything.
They're an abscess sore upon the surface of the planet.
Save the planet.
Kill yourself.
Running with pus.
Yes, we have lanced the abscess of normalcy.
Attracting flies.
Death cows.
We kill.
Spreading all sorts of maggots and contagion.
You must sew up your own reproductive organs.
Insects the size of supermarkets swallow up entire continents.
You must eliminate all that infibulation without representation.
Know ye well the signs of the end times.
The only way to save the whale is to kill mankind.
Look, we think we're kidding.
We're into the involuntary human extinction movement.
We think we're adulting.
This is all a big joke.
Your inner child needs a spanking.
I'm sorry.
Give me your inner child.
For a week, I'll give you back an inner adult.
Susie, just ignore my hand.
I was diagnosed earlier today with alien hand syndrome.
I think your inner can't control your hand.
It's quite convenient.
You sound like some kind of weird inner child molester.
To prevent Jane-er from murdering thousands of normals would be to stifle his inner spoiled child.
Judge, I didn't mean to kill her.
It was my alien hand.
I'm pleading the alien hand defense.
The alien hand that God dealt him.
But what about my inner 70-year-old codger in a wheelchair?
Incontinent codger in a wheelchair.
He has no continence whatsoever.
My doctor told me he was trying to work with my inner child, but then he was trying to charge me $60 per 15 minutes for psychotherapy.
I said, Doc, my inner child is broke.
He's not even legally employable until he's 18.
Employable for what?
I had to explain to the judge I didn't rape her.
It was my alien organ syndrome.
Mm-hmm.
Could you play your alien organ just a few riffs?
I thought she wanted it.
It was empowerment, officer.
It's not exploitation.
I thought she wanted it.
I thought when she was screaming, no, no, no, that was just kind of a tease.
That was just kind of a come on.
That's not funny, man.
Take that back.
How many lesbians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
That's not funny, man.
That's not funny.
How many leftist anarchists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What kind of wage am I being paid?
Would a black or a woman or a gay?
Get the same wage?
Where were the filaments in these light bulbs manufactured?
South Africa?
Does this corporation own stock in apartheid?
Is that what you're trying to say?
How many subgeniuses does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Approved by Dobbs.
Only Dobbs.
There is an answer to that.
It won a prize one time.
How many subgeniuses does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many does it take to screw what?
1,502.
1,500 to create the shrinking device.
And two to climb inside the light bulb.
Thank you.
How many new agers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
1,001.
One to screw a light bulb in and 1,000 to visualize it.
Convention.
Subgenius convention.
Subgenius radio show.
I'll get the bus ticket if you'll leave me waiting there for five hours straight.
Convention.
Subgenius convention.
I'll lose all my luggage and not have my notes and go on stage and be just completely messed up.
But the audience will laugh anyway because that was what my...
It was the best one you ever did.
That's what my notes...
Gagging on dry ice vapor.
Ah!
That's what my notes were.
How to sound totally messed up.
So I didn't really need the notes.
I'm here tonight to speak the word of the world's only true religion.
Of course I'm referring to the church of the subgenius.
The church of the subgenius is a pan-religion of the future that even superior mutants, social renegades, weirdos of all castes.
That's right, brother.
Yeah.
And a hatred against me.
And a conspiracy of normals.
Our central belief system is that the normals form a vast conspiracy against those who are different.
We worship our savior, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He is weird humor.
He is dark, surrealistic death jokes.
He is psychedelic surrealism.
He is life itself.
He drank all the blood from my body and used it to xerox more pictures of his face.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
But I am here tonight to speak a doctrine of national socialist, a national socialist subgenius philosophy.
Because the subgenius, which is racially all-encompassing, is the master race.
I hear you.
I hear you.
I hear you.











I hear you.









But the subgenius race!
Not the Jews, which are the devil race, which must be exterminated, but the normals!
We will remake the world in the image of J.R. Bob Dobbs or we shall destroy it!
We shall build a subgenius right that shall last a thousand years!
Yes!
As long as the heart beats in the breast of a single subgenius, he shall continue fighting for our cause.
As long as a single subgenius is able to draw breath into his bones, he shall continue to fight to the death against all of us.
I will build and breed a perfect race of blue-haired, blonde-eyed subgenius yetis and overlords.
Supermen.
The normals are underage, undermen, subhuman, underwear, useless eaters.
There is only four.
Slaves.
Labor.
Quote.
Extermination.
But ours is certifiably, unlike the sickening sweetness of life-cracking religions, ours is certifiably a religion of hate.
Hates are normalcy.
Now you might ask, what am I talking about, friends, when I talk about hate?
Am I talking about some namby-pamby?
Limbo?
Tempest-y, two-bit limbo?
Hate?
Some little conspiracy, panty-waist little hate?
Oh, I just hate myself.
Oh, I just hate the government.
Oh, I just hate the president.
Is that it?
Is that what we're talking about when we talk about hate, friends?
Yes!
It's a no!
It's a no-killer!
When we talk about hate, we're talking about an infinity of hate!
An all-consuming, all-pervasive hate!
But an all-encompassing hate is a cathartic effect.
It's not like the namby-pamby little pink hate.
It has a cathartic effect that releases all the pent-up anger that you have.

It's a cathartic effect that you've had stored up all your life and leaves nothing but a boundless love for all things.
Unless they irritate you in any way whatsoever.
But wait a minute, this doesn't make any sense.
Why am I talking to people in modern-day America about hate?
That's like talking to a fish about water.
You don't even know what hate is because you don't have anything to contrast it against.
The average person doesn't know what hate is.
Why is that?
Because it composes 90% of his inner being.
Oh, we've just started ranting.
I've just, the past 15 years, that was warming up.
You haven't heard me rant.
You haven't heard me rant yet.
Oh, this isn't an insane radio show.
We haven't started getting insane.
Oh, you think that was funny.
You think that was disorienting and alienating.
Oh, no, we're just warming up.
We're just getting started.
Maybe tonight wasn't the time to take it.
Now I'm going to start.
Now here's the insane stuff.
We're taking live calls.
That's 904-385-8357.
No, you know, I've just decided I'm just going to throw the script away.
For the next five minutes, I'm just going to do just completely improv.
Oh, man, don't do it.
Off the top of my head.
Wait a minute, that's not in the script.
What are you doing?
That's my line.
You've got a black woman on the front row.
She's black.
She's a black woman.
That's Don Rickles in drag.
Look, you've got a guy sitting over there.

He's a guy sitting over there.
Well, maybe I should go back to the script.
But I know what you're thinking.
Oh, yeah, everything's okay now.
Yeah, we've got a liberal president.
Oh, yeah, Bill Clinton's going to save everything.
Yeah, the liberals will take care of everything.
What kind of a pie in the sky, I'm okay, you're okay, tree-hugging, crystal-headed, born
with a silver spoon in your mouth.
Everything is beautiful.
Airhead, are you?
I wouldn't even bother spitting on your grave when we all become victims of the upcoming
Nazi death state.
Oh, a grave.
Oh, you flatter yourself with a grave.
Oh, what kind of looking through the world through rose-colored glasses optimist are
you to think that you would have a grave?













I wouldn't even bother spitting on the open trench that they bulldoze you and 10,000 other
skeleton-like bodies into when we all become victims of the upcoming Nazi death state.
Ah.
Someone turn off the Jainer device.
I think Jainer needs a script that's a much higher potency.
Wait a minute, that's Jainer at the door.
The news is at the microphone.
I'm the type of person who uses a script in real life and does improv on stage.
Get me out of here.
I don't know.
But if that's Jainer on the mic, then...
The next line is, you've been a lousy audience.
Who's that?
Who's that?
And that's Mike on Jainer.
Yeah, Maureen jokes now.
Where is Mike?
Oh, he's out there talking to Philo.
Reverend Mike.
Not enough alienating stuff.
Philo's here?
Philo's here?
Philo!
Did Philo take Reverend Mike and do something with him?
He's invisible.
Fetch, Philo, fetch.
He's like that.
He just does that.
You have to pull him off and bring him in here.
With him or to him?
Like, figure out what he did.
Just look around.
He's got a little tail out there.
Roll over.
Who doesn't have a little tail in here?
Horns, too.
Well, I had to think about that one.
We would answer that, but, you know, FCC rules.
You radio listeners should be aware that Reverend Susie the Floozy is sitting in here looking
really gorgeous with a devil babe outfit on.
We're all fabulous.
We're all lovely.
Calipaginous.
Especially right-minded listeners.
Floating out in front of us.
Don't you wish you could see it?
It's a 69-centimeter-long, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big,
big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big.
We rode in here on a blissful tsunami of slack.
You know this radio show is colorized and comes in three-dimensional sound.
Sodomize for your protection.
What does that sound like on a black-and-white radio?
It sounds pretty good.
You can see it, sort of.
But funny on the steam-driven ones.
But it's colorized, black-and-white colorized.
Yeah, on steam-driven computers we write the show with, of course...
Oh, but I said to the guy he goes up to the 30th floor, and he goes up to the 21st floor.
But he's like a comic book author.




guy went up to the 57th guy but i can't remember the punchline.
i said doc it hurts whenever i do this he said just keep on doing that
i said yeah he goes well you you still have it
go beyond some mere conspiracy of third concept of
assertiveness become outright out and out obnoxious downright belligerent
oh god i know that i am a righteous god i know that i am a loving and just god that is why i
know that you will allow me on x day 1998 to pour rock salt and ground up glass into the gaping open
wounds of the people i went to junior high school and high school with
yeah
you know if you just ignore just give me a deer carcass or maybe they would be with a tree stump
a knot hole i think it's unfair for you to discriminate on these people based on their
prior who needs sexual orientation i'm not that interested in women hey you better watch me girls
have been out in the woods for three days i ain't had nothing but not holding deer carcasses i'm
desperate those deer carcasses are damn good though he said linen and trotsky that stopped
it i got the trotsky's back
no you didn't
okay guys really there's only 20 more minutes before we get into marks what do we do we need
to we got to straighten up come on we're going to have to do it
okay get back to the spirit when does the show start
oh i don't know and i don't care
are we finished cutting up or are we going to start trying to be funny now
is this the part where they do the launching is this a head launch we're going to launch a head
over the radio ahead yeah we could just we could just fake it they don't even know if we even have
a head you guys gonna launch it is lining up for that man i don't know if we're gonna do this all
the pot no yes i guess they're launching oh there is a hand yes oh this isn't all about phony
and it's flying across the unfair way there it goes
close up on the head it's on the 999th green and it's rolling toward the hole and ow it missed
hole in not one another interesting side not hole in one rocket fuel in this one with the
nuclear warheads the nuclear warhead though arnold palmer forces are firing the forces
the trevinas have just entered the battle yes and arnold palmer's forces are trying to retrieve the
head from the junior forces which are retreating up stone mountain die hard golf do you hear me
mr lee trevino do you hear me luke bow do you need a lucifer apparently generous addressed
mr do you hear me sam smith i think i'm going for you nikki you got pantyhose
maybe you got the number seven thing about i mean you can't but you can't just behind the uh
the trunks of the trees there i mean you can't just see f agents the trees are wearing trunks
i like that i mean you can't just cut off the head of anyone that plays golf and then launch
it and say oh i launched a golfer head i mean my uncle plays golf but he's not a golfer he's
an insurance salesman he just plays golf on sundays you can't just cut his head off and
launch it and go oh i watched the head well you you tried though how did how did that work well it
you know that's not really a golf and did he ever get better no you have to have you have to have a
professional golfer or at least someone that's done you know some
of the major tournaments to call it an actual golfer head launching
uh yes dear friends yeah because i couldn't find anything appropriate to cut to after that
i should explain what's going on here uh you and me both are listening for the first time to
from our subgenius devival radio show and panel discussions in Atlanta last week
during the DragonCon science fiction and Betty Page convention there,
and associated WREK Atlanta broadcasts,
where, due largely to the efforts of Reverend Susie the Floozy and Lamar,
we were able to effect a gathering of church hierarchites such as Puzzling Evidence,
Father Joe Mama, St. Janer Hypercletes,
and last but not least, friends, the swinging love corpses
complete with Dr. Philo Drummond, the most horrible overman alive.
And so much oral bewondermint resulted from this particular story
subgenius conflagration that next week's show will probably be more of the same.
It was a capper event to a pretty busy month for yours truly,
Reverend Ivan Stang, dear friends.
While poor old St. Palmer Vredes has slaved away on the final chapters of our new book, Revelation X,
I've been gallivanting around all July.
Performed a really tough...
touching, long-duration-style marriage in Chicago,
and then attended the X-Day pilgrimage in Portland,
and the 9th annual subgenius revolval in Seattle,
which were...
Well, I had a great time with Mr. and Mrs. Nenslow and Dr. Onan,
and Dr. Howell, and Dr. Hosler from Negative Land,
and all those wonderful espresso-drinking West Coast beatniks,
and...
I just got back from this Atlanta shindig,
and why, tomorrow, I leave for the denuded, paganistical outdoor campout conclave called Starwood.
So, uh...
You better believe, my friend, that this particular show and the next one, actually,
are being thrown together in this brief interim in the home throne office here in Dallas.
But enough holy gossip!
Let's get back to the Swingin' Love Corpses live concert at the Atlanta DragonCon Geek Festival.
Okay, nothing's getting around now.
I've been dancing in June!
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?

What?
What?
What?

What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Oh!
I said go ahead and sieee...
Indeed then!
Oh!


Nothing further from the expectations of the Hed куда idle ly thou marry operas con rings?

I, you old 인�er who ball
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
In your mind, it's a stream of unconsciousness.
Stream of subconsciousness.
Stand-up tragedy.
Turn that just a little bit louder.
I just think everyone should know that we do have a sales booth
at the science fiction convention at the Hilton.
And we are selling out.
Now, wait a minute.
Before we go on, let's get this clear.
We don't want to promote the sales booth.
We don't want to promote the 900 number.
Don't forget the 900 number.
We don't want to promote the new book.
Don't talk about the new book.
Don't talk about Best of Jane or Hyperclete Tapes 133,
Doctors of Rob's Respect.
Don't think about the uncut Hour of Slack episode.
Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain.
Yeah, right.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to, got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 118.
140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
Jane-er was a rabid, a rabid hate mom.
A rabid, yeah.
He carried a soul in his...
A sadistic hatred towards the whole world.
Even the other cult members detested him.
That's what I was counting on,
because I had picked Jane-er Hyperclete as my fall guy.
I'm talking about hate.
I'm talking about a level of hate that would make the average person's hate
look like Phyllis Shafley's The Total Woman.
I'm talking about a level of hate that would make your hate
look like a Pat Robertson prayer retreat.
I'm talking about a level of hate that would make your hate
look like a New Age potluck.
I'm talking about hate.
But what are you talking about?
I don't get it.
But it doesn't make any sense.
How can I talk to people in modern day America about hate?
Oh, I get it.
It's a parody.
It's really...
You don't even know what hate is, but that's like talking to a fish about water.
You have nothing to contrast it against.
I don't get this.
Are you saying that you don't like other people?
With the right gravy.
Well, see, I hate hate, which means I like people.
You're insecurity with it.
You're insecurity with yourself.
See, if you would just come to grips with the fact that you're an imperfect human...
Latch onto that hunker.
Deal with it.
No, only a person who does not hate himself can truly hate everyone else.
But, Jayner, Jesus loves you.
It's just that everyone else thinks you're total ass.
Wow, here he is now.
Jesus.
This is Ivan Stang.
This is Jayner Hyperglitz.
This is Papa Joe Mama, and I'm Postling Evidence.
Hey, you got any words for us?
Yes.
Who plays Jesus now?
Yes, you see, I am Jesus Christ, and all you have to do is say,

I am Jesus Christ, and all you have to do is confess your sins to me,
and I can forgive you and give entrance to anyone into the kingdom of heaven.
Could you get me backstage to heaven, please?
Anyone except for you guys.
I've just got to meet him.
You've gone too far.
I've got all those records.
What is the unforgivable sin?
I thought about finding those.
Is there a sin you just commit and then you just pull the lever and down you go?
What is that unforgivable sin?
This show.
Well, besides that, it's Butterfingers.
We're going to have to actually do, you know, get ready.
We're going to go on in just ten minutes.
We've got to straighten up.
I'm not ready for this.
Which radio show, what city are we in?
Which radio show is this?
Which character am I?
I'm drawing up an outline here.
Are we in geostationary orbit or are we still?
Okay, I'll tell you what.
I'll come in like I was late.
In latitude and longitude.
Why don't I stay out so that, you know, you all start off and then I come in late,
and then like I pretend like I was left behind and we can kind of joke about that.
No, just keep doing what you've been doing.
Be the straight man, not saying anything funny.
You've been real good at that all night.
Well, I could do that.
You've built a career on that.
That would probably help you seem funnier than you really are.
Yeah.
Well, you know, I think what you really do best is kind of like an Ed Woods thing.
I mean, the stuff you do is so bad, it's just laughable.
I just love it because, I mean, those parodies of Ed Woods and Al Ackerman that you do,
that just crack me up.
You think Ed Woods is making a mistake.
I happen to think that he was deliberately making it bad so bad that it would be good.
It's easy to do things good and it's easy to do things bad.
Yeah, but see, he even did...
That was the way Dobbs did it.
You see, he even did that badly.
So that came, his concept of good-bad came out bad, but then that badness was good,
so it's like a double reverse psychology of a reverse double.
All these normals running around saying, oh, he's a genius, he's a genius.
What do they know?
It takes a genius to recognize a genius.
It takes one to know one.
If they say they're a genius, that means they're an amateur.
It takes one to kill one.
Only a true genius understands.
Oh, my God.
True geniushood.
That's why I understand Ed Woods, and you don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I just realized that if there were just...
more people could understand my inherent superiority over all other beings,
it would be such a simpler world.
It could straighten everything out, but...
Look into my eyes, Jayner.
But that would be...
Look into my eyes.
But you don't have any eyes.
They were...
They're no eyes.

You are inlaid in them.
You're a mirror, Jayner.
Look into my eyes.







Supernatural?
Perhaps.
Bologna?
Perhaps.
That is a supernatural.
Who comes that out?
Suzie.
Suzie, it's so good to be in the station with you.
Oh, it's so nice to give you a radio station, Reverend Stang.
To do our evil work.
Yes, we can gang bang her now.
That would be part of the joke.
Yes, it would.

part of this because we're on the radio that would be part of the satire
