Bom bom bom bom bom bom bom
THE POWER OF SLACK
THE POWER OF SLACK
Bom bom bom bom bom bom som
Thank you.
Thank you.
Yes, dear friends.
It is another hour of slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Being recorded in an unusual time zone tonight.
What would normally be the second hour of radio synesthesia.
And perhaps it is that.
While it is also hour of slack number 1,600.
And keep a track of that now.
We have in the studio the esteemed Dr. Howland Owl.
Greetings and salutations.
And Princess Wee Ardo, queen of all the UFOs.
Greetings and salutations.
And we finally got rid of that Dr. Sinister guy.
Boy, they don't call him that for nothing.

Well, he was...
He...
Is adjusting to new conspiracy job.
Woods and pastures new.
Something that we don't have to adjust to because we paid our dues.
As Princess Wee put it, I pretended to like those people for 29 years.
That takes a lot out of you.
And, uh...
Yeah, and then in my case, I...
I mailed out subgenius membership packs for 39 years.
Well, not quite. Almost.
And they're still selling like hotcakes, folks.
Yeah.
The market for hotcakes is not what it used to be, but it's still there.
At least they're hot and provide chi energy.
And in the same way the subgeniuses are flocking toward the church.
Buying a new membership every time you turn around.
And receiving the...
The membership packet with all its multifold treasures, benefits and pleasures.
Well, the main thing is that when you're a minister, you can do ministerial duties.
You're important.
And they pay you for that.
You make back your 35 bucks the first time you marry some poor couple.
Yeah.
I've lost count of how many people I've married.
I've done...
Most of the ones I've married are still together, too.
That's awesome.
I would say it's about a half and half for me.
I did marry one who broke apart about five minutes later.
But anyway, for the most part...
I've done three transgender weddings.
Transgender? You mean same sex or transgender?
Both partners were originally classified as the other sex?
No.
In every case, one partner had originally been classified differently.
But by the time I married him, they were both pretty gals.
How about that?
Oh, everything's changing so fast.
Whirling around.
I can't keep track.
Things have changed a little bit during my brief lifetime.
A little bit.
They had already invented black and white TV.
And color TV wasn't that big of a change.
And putting men on the moon wasn't...
Didn't amount to much besides Tang.
It wasn't anything anyone wasn't expecting.
But what they weren't expecting was...
The Internet.
And how wonderful it would be.
Well, actually, they did expect it to be wonderful.
What I don't think a lot of people were expecting was how terrible it would be.
I kind of did expect that.
Even when...
I do feel that the Internet has brought not knowledge, but disinformation.
Well, yes, it's large and democratic reach.
Hey, should I try this collar?
Sure.
I'm gonna try this collar. Okay, who's this collar?
It's Sloan.
Oh, it's our Jay!
He's back.
Okay, good.
I just wanted to remind you guys that sometime you gotta take Dr. Howe to the West Side Market...
...to look at the ceiling made...done by the WPA artists...
...and all the budding young German expressionist type crazy guys from the 30s.
Maybe someday.
My time has almost run its course.
That's a great idea, Dave.
I'm sure that Howe would love seeing the West Side Market.
Yes, sir, I'd be happy.
Well, maybe there's all kinds of goats from the various mini-cultures there...
...all chopped up looking really macabre looking.
Goats?
Goats?
But...but...
Well, you see, I come from San Francisco and there's...
...Chinatown where they have the carcasses of all sorts of things hung up right in the street.
They've got whales hanging on the street in San Francisco.
Displayed for your...
...inspection.
You can get bush meat there.
Who are they hanging up in Glen Rose?
Wasn't it Mr. F...
Dinosaurs.
It's nice.
You can...they'll chop them up for you and you point to one, they take it down and they chop it really rapidly into...
...edible chunks.
That's puppies you're talking about?
I was talking about ducks, but they also have the goat, the turtle, all these animals ready to prepare.
Ready to chop?
Chop, chop.
Chop, chop?
Presto di mangiare.
Per mangiare.
Meaning fast.
Listo a comer.
We haven't gotten to take Dr. Howell on many Cleveland touristy things because we...we...we hit the...

...the ground after X day. We're exhausted.
We've got serious church business.
We don't have time to go to no natural history museum.
Oh God, I really want to go there.
And...and...
Well, but a lot of people go to this rock and roll hall of fame.
That's a big deal here in Cleveland.
It is surprising...
...it is surprising how...how...how little distance you have to go into the hall of technology to see the things that...
...that we started recording with ourselves.
Right after the Edison wire recorder, there's the little reel-to-reel decks that we had.
And you also get to see how tiny those giant rock stars really are.
They have human dimensions.
It's only their fame that is large.
Um, Prince, for instance, was a teeny little guy.
Mick Jagger.
I don't know.
He looked like a giant up there on stage that time I saw him in Fort Worth.
Napoleon Complex.
Uh, I've had...
And he was a very complex individual.
Well, now, let's think of it...
...at least give him that favor, right?
Who's a huge, hulking, giant rock star?
Anybody ever heard of one of those?
Are they musical? Enormous?
Like Meat Loaf, I guess, is a rather large person.
Well, he's large compared to the others, but I'm not sure.
I'm not sure he's any kind of a goliath.
I never got to stand next...
Oh, and Girth is as well as in Swilth.
If he's like 12 hectares tall, what would he have to be in Girth?
Oh, I can tell you about some giant rock stars.
Well, let's hear it.
The members of GWAR.
Oh, GWAR.
The late Odorous Erungus was nine feet tall.
Beefcake, the bass player, must have weighed at least 400 pounds.
Like a human rhinoceros.
But that's in full costume.
Well, what costumes? Those guys performed in the nude.
They just happened to be creatures from outer space.
Yes, unsightly beings from beyond the stars.
Reverend Angry Larry, the roadie for the amino acids is a pretty big guy.
Yes, well, we weren't talking about no roadie.
We were talking about the performance...
Giant rock stars.
Yes, giant rock groups that...
Well, they would counteract this feeling that rock stars were actually little squinty, small, mean looking guys.
Village of the Giants, that was a great band.
Named after one of Bert I. Gordon's most famous...
Well, that did have a rock and roll scene with giant teenagers rocking in kind of a slow motion effect.
To show how big they were, yes.
As if...anyway.
Rocking?
What story was that?
Village of the Giants.
Supposedly an adaptation of H.G. Wells' Food of the Gods, but I can hardly credit that.
There's about 20 things that are half-assed adaptations of that interesting novel.
But never good.
Well, the novel itself gets a little Ayn Rand-ish towards the end.
Well, you...
Where are you going to go with the Giants?
But I did like the fact that once they could make everything big, they made the rulers of each nation into giants.
And then there were problems.
Star-crossed romances between giant princesses and princes.
For am I not Trump the Conqueror?
Huge.
I've never heard him referred to as the Mango Mussolini in the great street drinking.
This incredible shrinking man.
The amazing, colossal, ego-ed president.
Dun-dun-dun-dun-dun.
The Cyclops.
That's what you guys do every morning. Get up at like maybe 5.30 and start tweeting ridiculous comments.
And that would really love you so much.
How we can get interns to do that. To get up at 5.30 and all of that.
Somebody made me a Twitter account.
Somebody made me a Twitter account.
Just so nobody else would have the Ivan Stang Twitter account.
But I don't think that Ivan Stang ever twits.
Well, it's like a domain name. You just own it so nobody else can.
Some people, I guess, subscribe to it, but they must wonder why there's only one post.
I think it's me saying, I don't know what I'd have to say in 140 characters, frankly.
Yeah, that's not much.
Most of my thoughts go on that.
I've gone for paragraphs.
Now, do those count spaces as characters and punctuation as characters?
I think so.
Oh my God.
I don't know. I never asked.
No wonder they yak in such an abbreviated pigeon.
Well, you know, as the great subgenius Carter LeBlanc wrote me recently and said,
I learned a lot from the Church of the Subgenius.
Especially that alt.slack forum on Usenet.
Because now political discourse has taken the form of Usenet flame wars.
And that's it.
That's political discourse now. Internet flame wars.
That's what goes for it.
Trolling.
It's just, I mean, that's, instead of government proclamations, you get government 25 character trolling.
The triumph of the trolls.
Mm-hmm.
The revenge of the caveman.
What have you seen recently, Stengo, that illuminates this?
Because this sounds fascinating to me.
The news.
That's what I've seen that illuminates this.
By the way, I don't watch the news.
I don't hear the news.
I only read the news.
And I actually often go straight to the comments because I want to know what the great unwashed is thinking.
Me too.
And I can tell you, they have a greatly unwashed mind.
I can tell you, they have a greatly unwashed stench to them.
Well, when I read the newspaper, first I go to the editorials.
And then I read the letters column, too.
Then I flip over to the comics and I read those.
And then and only then do I go through the paper picking out tidbits of news.
I am bulk spaced.
I am bulk spaced by a right-wing website.
I get like 50 spams every day.


I have been trying to get involved in some way or another for a couple of weeks.
Oh, I get all kinds of stuff.
I ended up on this man that makes me wonder.
I don't know what to do.
Oh, I get all kinds of crazy stuff from extremists on both sides.
It comes at you from all directions.
Yeah.
I set my little email program to shuffle certain material off into a special folder labeled
Kooks and Jesus.
There are some people who probably think that I'm eagerly reading their every right-wing
political discourse when actually if I really want to read them, I look in my Kooks and
Jesus folder, which is probably must weigh a ton, even though it's all made of tiny computer
bits.
Yeah, you do attract them like flies, you know?
Yes.
The Church of the Subgenius is in fact kook flypaper.
Among many other things.
A monster magnet.
Yeah, but well, that's the good part.
We've got some cool monsters in the book.
I think monster in that adjectival sense simply means a very large magnet that draws all to
it.
Oh, I would thought you meant one between monsters.
Well, that would be a good thing to put on.
You draw monsters pretty good, Dr. Howell.
You've got a lot of your monster drawings in our books and things.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that's right.
They're in the books.
Yeah.
Well, they're not really monsters.
They're the noble Yeti and mighty Exus and the fist of Jehovah and things like that.
They're only monsters to the unsaved.
Well, you see the word monster comes from the Latin monstrum, which means something
shown.
A monster is something people want to see.
Monsters are undeserved.
They're not really monsters.

Yeah, demonstrate.
Yeah, demonstrate.
Right, exactly.
And so, for all the opprobrium that we seem to treat monsters with, without them, why,
we'd have nothing.
Nothing, I tell you.
Certainly no Church of the Subgenius.
Twould be a pale and drab world.
Pickle the skyward to that bird flying up there.
Doesn't remind you of Freedom of Liberty or of Bob?
Well, well.
Arcing across a cloudless sky.
All I want to do is listen to this music.
Yeah, it reminds you of real scary stuff like the armies of Saptor, the magnificent
are crossing the borderlines of Hades and, you know, like it's a real bad game that you're
losing and you actually die if you lose the game and stuff like that.


Push off.
That's the reason why you picked it, isn't it?
And sitting well in order, smite the sounding furrow.
For our purpose holds to sail beyond the sunset and the bath of all the western stars.
It was a quiet evening off Iwo Jima.
Three hundred people decided to wash their underwear in one slow rhythmic motion, sending
off a wave of ripples across the entire Pacific Ocean.

I don't remember the spot.
Dr. Howell, I know you recognize this music in the background, Jason and the Argonauts
theme by Bernard Herrmann.
Yeah.
It is Bernard Herrmann.
When I was, when did this movie come out?
1963.
Okay.
Then I would have been in third grade.
But nobody remembers.
No, I'd be ten years old.
How, what a dead period it was when nothing like that.



It was like this was appearing and then suddenly that was there.
But it seemed like the whole idea, this was before everything busted loose in the 60s.
It was like everything was being nailed down.
Buildings were constructed from the heroic materialism out of the Bauhaus.
Everything was abstracted and reduced.
And there was nothing like Jason and the Argonauts until its, I don't know, it was

suddenly was there.
When I was, I saw it in the theater when I was ten.
Thanks Pappy for taking us.
That's really good of him.
I love that musical theme, but tape recorders for ten year olds had not been invented yet.
And I thought, how can I remember that music?
I had the music in my head, just that dun dun dun dun dun dun.
How can I remember that?
I invented musical notation.
That's how you could remember.
I actually had some idea of how that was done.
I'd had a week of piano lessons.
And I wrote on a piece of paper stripes that were low for the low notes and high for the high notes.
And all I had to do was look at that piece of paper, dun dun dun.
I could bring it back.
It would be, it wasn't long enough.
It was long before I was on the rare occasions that they would show one of those Ray Harryhausen movies on TV.
We didn't have videotape.
I would point my eight millimeter camera at the TV.
Me too.
Got some good results.
And that was like at grandma's house in front of the TV set was like watching Sinbad and all of Harryhausen's Harry.
The curious thing about the Jason and the Argonauts music is that Herman usually was the main character.

He was the master of the strings of the violins to produce his tritone effect.
But for Jason and the Argonauts, he deliberately restricted himself all to wind instruments and percussion.
Because back in the ancient world, they didn't have violins.
See, so this whole musical score that we're listening to now is all brass and timpani and harp occasionally.
And Celestina come in.
So the ancient world could have produced such sounds.
And only Greek warriors were allowed to be musicians in this orchestra.
They had to have conquered at least one lion.
I think that's fascinating.
That's fascinating, man.
Wow, that is totally wild.
Just to think that they are.
Yeah, man.
Herman was very careful in approaching Argonauts.
He didn't want to do any project with his music to accompany it.
But he respected Harryhausen and had respect for him as an artist.
So he would go ahead and score these movies, which were not considered A pictures by most in Hollywood.
No, but Herman did score a lot of A pictures, like Hitchcock.
Like Citizen Kane.
Yeah.
Like all of Hitchcock's movies.
Yeah.
And it was until Torn Curtain, where Hitchcock threw away Herman's score for Torn Curtain.
He didn't know that.
Yes, they had a different composer.
His split with Hitchcock came over this, the Paul Newman movie, Torn Curtain.
Hitchcock didn't like his score.
But Herman also experimented with electronic sounds and the birds' soundtrack, though non-musical.
It was put together out of bird noises by Bernard Herman.
Then there are Beneath the Twelve Mile Reef and things like that.
White Witch Doctor.
All sorts of movies that used to be on Saturday night at the movies.
We'd all watch them.
Five Fingers, that's another one.
And The Magnificent Ambersons.
Oh, look, a cookie.
The score for Psycho is all strings, right?
Well, that's how Herman preferred to use it.
But I always thought it was interesting that he restricted himself for Jason to produce a score with these earlier instruments.
And it really works with the film.
The story behind his score for Taxi Driver is interesting.
Apparently he knew he was going...
Which resembles his score for Chinatown a little bit, which is weird.
He must have known he was about to die.
Because...
Oh, did he die?
He was finishing up the score for Taxi Driver.
And he inexplicably insisted that all of the musicians show up.
It's like Christmas Eve or something.
Right?
And nobody could figure out what was this guy's deal?
Why is he in such a hurry to get this thing done?
And he conducted the score and then died.
The next day.
I could have this all mixed up and...
No, you're right.
The score has concluding chords in it which were not actually used in the movie.
So the end has an unresolved feeling.
There's no musical conclusion.
But the actual music has that.
And it was a good capper on a long career.
Herman also wrote operas and other pieces of symphonic music.
He wrote all the music in the CBS library which was used for Twilight Zone soundtracks
and for soundtracks of other TV shows.
Bernard Herman was to music what Richard Matheson was to scripts on television about the same time.
His stuff is everywhere.
And in short story collections.
It has a psychological feel to it.
Of the time you mean?
Of the period of the...
When that was all going on.
Like when all the people used to go and work on Twilight Zone in New York City together.
And Harlan Ellison came from Painesville, Ohio.
That figures.
Everybody I know who knows Harlan Ellison hates him.
I know a lot of people who know him and they really...
He's apparently not a very pleasant person.
He's not that lovable but he's not totally not fun to be...
I went out to dinner with him.
Once when I was working on the TV show I was associated with.
In fact I think they made me go out to dinner with him because nobody else wanted to.
But he's fine as long as you don't try to tell an anecdote or a story yourself.
He has to do it.
But then he's perfectly affable if he can just seize the conversation and carry it through the night.
Right. As long as he can totally dominate everything he's a real friendly, polite fellow.
Just so.
Yes, he must be able to hold forth.
Yeah, well I don't want to gossip about science fiction writers that this generation's never heard of.
But I do want to gossip about the greatness of Bernard Herrmann and Richard Matheson and some of these people that...
Charles Beaumont.
Yeah, you the listener owe more to these old farts than you can even guess.
If you're listening to this show anyway.
And let's include Rod Serling.
Among the pantheon of the gods he is the Zeus.
You see these writers were mentioning, were not all that pleased with Mr. Serling.
They felt that he was, you know, muscling in and taking their credit and not treating their material correctly.
And Ray Bradbury got mad at him and so forth and so on.
But he was the whipcracker, the guy who made it happen.
And he did have a feel for the material.
So maybe Matheson and Beaumont and the others were a little too close to it.
Gotta have a mo.
Serling wrote the original...
He wrote the original, uh, Planet of the Apes.
Yes, Night Gallery unfortunately was written by various script writers.
Serling just was in the middle of it, you know, at the beginning.
Smoking a pack of cigarettes.
But still.
But still he gave it some, uh, some pizzazz.
Now this here is a Bernard Herrmann piece which is intricately composed in an 18th century style.
And even in an English 18th century style as opposed to the Baroque of other lands.
For the movie Three Worlds of Gulliver.
One of the ones I saw when I was a wee shaver.
That's the only adaptation of the Gulliver movie that goes past Langevin.
And Lilliput, if I recall correctly.
And none of them have made it to the country of the...
The Whinhams.
The Whinhams.
Yes.
Well, it's, uh, too bad.
But today they could do it.
And that's why I wish somebody would actually, you know, make a giant Gulliver spectacle.
Because it would be endlessly entertaining.
I trust...
You tickled my interest in Bernard Herrmann again.
Because you said that he was written in this style of work.

Well, I was thinking about the style of the English Baroque period.
And it certainly was.
And I was thinking about all the restrictions he made on his...
Yeah.
Well, he was able to write in different musical styles.
But, uh...
Yeah, but it seems like he was having so much fun that...
Like, when you go and chase something around like that.
And you get so focused and involved in something like that.
That's really...
That's really nice, you know?
Well, it has the form of the Baroque music.
But it also is perfect instrumental.
Accompaniment music with light passages that prefigure romantic music and so forth.
But Gulliver's story is perfectly in match with that time.
Of course, Gulliver wasn't in Europe during the time of his adventures.
But the music seems appropriate to describe it.
In the Columbia Morningside picture, the three worlds of Gulliver were...
Lilliput, Brobdingnag, and England.
So they never got to the flying adamantine island of Laputa or the Whinims Land.
Uh, Hal, I hope you haven't seen the Jack Black version.
I'm afraid I did.
And I went to people who liked it.
So I had to screw my mouth closed and not spoil their fun by saying,
What a wretched piece of horse.
I mean, I...
I'm the biggest tenacious person.

I'm the biggest tenacious D fan in the world.
And I think Jack Black can be a really good actor.
Well, the tenacious D movie was wonderful.
The one where he, you know, has the wager with Satan.
The Pick of Destiny.
Yes, the Pick of Destiny. That's a great film.
But, yeah, I was really sad to see him wreck Gulliver.
I'm not sure that he is to be thoroughly blamed, but rather the people who set it up.
You know, they, uh...
He should have put his foot down.
As far as Lilliput...
And crushed the entire country of Lilliput.
Oh, wait, he did. Only he...
That's the one version of the Gulliver's Travels movies where he pees on the flaming palace.
He peed on the palace to put out the fire.
Right.
Because he could.
Because the fire was quick and he was there and he drunk the Lilliputian wine, which goes right through you.
But he was never forgiven for pissing on the emperor's palace.
Ever.
And the empress particularly never forgave him.
And his fall from the court of Lilliput began from that time.
Eventually they were going to put out his eyes and do other things to him, so he had to flee to the neighboring realm of Blefescu.
Hey, this reminds me that portions of the following broadcast may be objectionable.
To certain members of the listening audience and therefore WCSB advises listener discretion.
And you know what? We almost forgot your other song, Dr. Howell.
Is it time? Well, we better get it out.
I was, of course, in the Harryhausen movie.
He didn't pee on the fire but blew out wine from his cheeks.
But today they could do it.
Right, it was much more tasteful.
And now the one more song.
Well, constrained by the moral of the story.
The one that's not the moral of the time.
Okay, we're going to take this opportunity to make a clean recording of yet another of an unrecorded Dr. Howell song.
Dave, you can stay on the phone, but I'm going to pull your volume all the way down.
Be glad it's not your pants.
Okay, there goes Dave.
Now I'm going to pull me all the way down and try not to squeak this squeaky chair.
Squeak.
And...
Dave is lighting up his pipe.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
For he knows the time is ripe.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
On the saucers we shall rise.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
To orgasm in the skies.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
Now the day of doom approaches.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
To kill the pinks like scuttling roaches.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
Just the elect can get on board.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
Where all treasures shall be stored.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
I'm paid up and here's my ticket.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
Now I'll tell the boss to stick it.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
Since I can't get it.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
Because of what I get from Bob.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
Yet he's spirits joined together.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
Now prepare for stormy weather.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
Joy shall follow with no grieving.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
For what we are about to be receiving.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
Endless, endless, endless slack.
Endless, endless, endless, endless slack.
What we are about to see here,
Our only question left,
Can anything be thatFor what we stand in our midst?
But all the more will attracting


Have you ever seen any
Even a single ITU
Or, or, or a show
Show you they sing?
are by internet.
And this is quite a long list.
And in fact,
it's listed in terms of who
has been connected the longest.
The list that I'm looking at
right now. Does it say so many
number of viewers, peak so many?
I mean, that's what we have.
Well, this one's different,
but I'm seeing
the one at the very top.
Okay. Well, most
of the listeners here have been listening for 30
minutes or an hour and a half or two
hours and 50 minutes.
Then there's somebody who's been listening
for nine hours. Somebody in the United
States has been listening for two days.
But
in the region of
Saxony in the country of Germany,
in the city
of Leipzig,
there are two people
who have been listening to WCSB
for 12 days,
seven hours, 53 minutes
and 53 seconds.
I didn't
deliberately put on this
background music
for them.
I put it on and I just now realized
that the composer of this music in the
background worked across
the street from where our
friends in Germany live.
The eminent Herr Bach of Leipzig.
Yes.
Right across the street from
Bucky and Tanya's place.
And we must say praise
to Bucky and Tanya.
What was it?
Scribble, scribble, scribble, eh, Mr. Bach?
Make the money to support
your numerous progeny.
Anyway, yeah, they're
right there across the city.
It's such a, we'd wake up in the morning in their
guest room, throw
open the windows and you could see the big church
down there where
often there would be a quartet or
something outside whipping
out all of this
very same tune that we hear in the
background from the Brandenburg Concerto.
It's my favorite. Although this is
Wendy Carlos performing.
The Moog synthesizer.
The wave of the future.
Yeah, so, uh...
No one listening in Berlin, I suppose.
Um, everything...
Well, there's British Columbia
and Victoria.
Somebody's been listening for nine hours
there. Nine hours.
They must have died by the radio.
If anybody can identify
how many kids J.S. Bach had,
then they win a special
prize from WCSD for listening
to the radio for nine hours.
If they would just slow down and stop moving
around, it would be easier to count them.
I believe
that was said in a contemporary
account.
I'm trying to figure out which...
There were the sons of Bach. There was
C.P.E. Bach and
all those other... P.D.Q. Bach?
Yeah, they were all composers.
That was not a real name.
That was a joke.
Well, that's a guy who called...
He called himself that.
He did produce music.
Not actually a relative, but
C.P.E. Bach was one
of the celebrated sons
of Bach.
Apparently, Bach would have been
completely forgotten, except
for... Was it Mendel?
Mendelssohn?
Mendelssohn, yeah.
Discovering ancient musty
manuscripts. Right.
There's a big statue of Mendelssohn
in Leipzig.
But in the Third Reich,
one could not listen to the
Jewish music of Mendelssohn.
And one could not use the Jewish
inventions of Einstein.
No.
But you see, you lose
a lot that way.
Yeah, you lose a lot
when you start picking on
weirdos and immigrants.
You lose a whole
lot.
So let that be a lesson
to you.
Yeah.
Exactly.
I was wondering if I could ask one question.
If anybody, perhaps
Dr. Howe, who's
a wizard, knows all kinds of things
and stuff, if he's ever seen the
final scenes of
Birth of a Nation, where the guys with
the Ku Klux Klan-looking
Teutonic Knights thing, and it looks almost the same
as the one propaganda picture
of Hitler, who also had the cowlick
and the mustache
20 years beforehand.
You know, stuff like that.
Well, they put it together in the same way, but Mr. Griffith
was first in creating the montage, which creates
an emotional connection.
That nasty old racist did invent some stuff.
He invented movies, more or less, and he couldn't
understand why is everybody so upset?
Why am I only being historical here?
And so many people thought so, like Woodrow
Wilson thought that it was absolutely historical, but
Griffith was disturbed, and so he made his next movie, Intolerance,
his masterpiece, which lost everything.
It was a huge financial flop-a-roo.
We saw a four and a half hour restored version of that.
I mean, they...
Was it tinted?
They restored it using stills.
It flips through time, through various ages, so you have ancient Babylon, but you also have...
Huguenots being exterminated, and then there's the 20th century story, and so they showed pictures.
So after the birth of the nation, there's this intolerance, which is against intolerance, right?
Well, intolerance is supposed to be, yes, about the phenomenon of intolerance throughout human history.
But there's no way he couldn't figure out that African-Americans and Huguenots could, you know, be kind of the same thing.
Native Americans and Huguenots, you know...
Very Eurocentric view, and I just...
Yes, it's a shame that our precursors in the past weren't as hip and aware as we were,
and we're so sluggishly tied down by their outmoded and harmful beliefs.
And lots of people want to make those days come back.
Yes.
Yes.
Especially now.
They want to bring them back and make the new version of Birth of a Nation.
Actually, there was, to add confusion to this topic, a recent movie called Birth of a Nation,
which had nothing but nothing to do with Griffith's original film.
But there you go.
You know, nothing is perfect.
No period is perfect.
And we do advance with great difficulty.
But that advance shouldn't be given away.
I think we're in a two-steps-back period right now.
Yes, the reactionary period.
Especially they didn't like having a black president, and so now those...
I think the woman bosses bothered quite a few people.
Yes.
Including a lot of dumb women.
But what we were going to do right was to wipe out a republic which was a very liberal democracy.
I said something...
When I was in Arkansas having dinner with our old friends,
I said something that visibly disturbed our old friend Papa Joe Mama.
Ah, that would not be too difficult to do.
I think it was something blunt like,
The stupid ones won this time!
It was pretty blunt.
Well, he was...
And it's an unfair overgeneralization of...
Well, still, with a certain element of accuracy that...
That's the problem.
Yeah, that is a problem.
But, you know, if you're going to hold onto those beliefs,
you're going to have to be prepared to defend them,
as I understand Papa Joe Mama will,
like our own Philo and others who are sure that this worldview is just right for them.
Well, it may be,
because they've been using the same lines for 25 years now.
But let's not get into that.
We usually don't.
There's room for everyone on this planet, except for pinks.
Yeah, that's right.
The subgenius church is a big tent,
but let's not get out of proportion here.
Look, somebody has to clean up after those elephants.
That's right.
It's a big tent, and it's hard to have a cat circus...
That's your elephant.
...as we maestros of the cat circuses,
if you are the ringleaders of the kitty cat circus called Church of the Subgenius.
Well, it's just a herding...
And don't wag your stinky pointed finger at me,
because my father was a policeman.
If you don't believe me, then...
I thought your father was Comptroller of something.
He was a public executioner,
and he was also a fried egg boy.
He was a whitch hunter.
He was a witch hunter, Dave, Luca.
He was a diner, yeah.
Witch finder, general.
He was like, what do they call it?
Yerubus or Santeria or something like that.
They talk about poulet, bass, and all that stuff.
And they waved him around, too.
Like, it's gonna make some difference.
Like if you were to pick up a snake and mumble a bunch of words
and walk around in a room,
and with your eyes crossed,
and your...
You know, trying to eat part of a mango at the same time
and keep the snake from biting you.
That's funny. He just described my first star work.
Well, from this snake handling and speaking in tongues,
some people go and leave the ceremony
and put on their four-star general's uniform
and go to their job at the Pentagon.
Uh-huh.
Yes, indeed.
I'm richer than them,
because I don't have to get up that early in the morning.
That's right.
I can get up whenever I want.
To be power...mad power brokers,
you have to work all the time.
There's no lazing and taking the hobo's easy way.
I'll take the hobo's easy way.
There's always somebody behind you
nipping at your hind end.
Actually, I'm probably one of the most emergentile
of art bums and hobos,
so I'm not sure if I really fit into that category.
Well, it's an honorific.
Um...
Yeah.
It's like a plasticine area degree
from the University of Arizona, or state.
Okay.
A lot of people went there.
Some of them took suturifics,
some of them took pause machines
and held them lightly to their breasts
and began to pray.
Dr. Howe lived in Arizona for a long time.
Yes.
In fact, I am a graduate of the University of Arizona,
which is at the moment ahead
in the field of science, geochronology, space, etc.
I've been doing a lot of research,
exploration, and all sorts of developing things
on the frontiers of science.
Which is now against the law, by the way.
Yes, the subgeniuses always were about
the forbidden sciences.
Well, now all science is forbidden,
so our role has expanded considerably.
Yay, us!
Hey, man, who do you believe?
A meteorological scientist who's been studying
for like 12 years?
Or a talk show guy?
Or a TV host who's claimed to fame
that he might want to be a weatherman
when he was in high school?
Everybody believed that guy.
Well, you don't need one of those
to tell which way the wind blows.
Naked fuse! Naked fuse!
Oh, no, I mean faked news!
Faked news!
Yes.
Or both. Why not both?
Why not both?
Fake news is a naked fuse.
It's designed to blow things up.
To blow up your rage, your moral outrage.
A trigger, if you will.
Yeah, some people love to get their moral outrage triggered,
because that's the juiciest feeling.
When they say that insult without using any shift key
or punctuation at all, and then they hit send.
They feel so smart.
They feel righteous to indulge in the sin of wrath.
Mmm.
I'm simply sick of this earthly existence of such a plastic...
Well, you have to wait another year.
But maybe not a full year.
Maybe not a whole year, maybe just till May.
Yes, there could be that.
Well, maybe you could have it, maybe you feel like...
As you go along, as you feel like.
Like, hey, we're gonna have one December, you know.
Hell, we'll have one every week.
Hey, every day's X day if you have a gun.
Now you're talking.
Yeah, unfortunately.
I don't know what the hell he's saying, but he's talking.
Well, I'm trying to remember which Arkansas subgenius said that.
It may have been the late Dreloyd.
I'm pretty sure it's somebody late.
Dreloyd is no longer with us.
Dreloyd was...
Yeah, he was the keyboardist for Doctors for Bob.
He had diabetes so bad that he basically ended his own life
at the...
age 25 or something like that.
I know he was under 30.
He went around nonchalantly asking friends to hold on to certain of his possessions.
For instance, he sent me some artwork.
He said, oh, I've been meaning to send you this artwork, collages I did for a long time.
And he got this other friend to say, I'm gonna be out of town for three weeks.
Can you keep my synthesizer? I'm afraid it'll get stolen.
Stuff like that.
And then after three weeks, he didn't come back.
And it became a police case.
And I'm just remembering this now.
In the Little Rock newspaper, it said that the police were looking into this missing individual
who was associated when they found documents in his room associated with a cult
called the Church of the Subgenius.
Wouldn't you know it.
Yeah.
That must have something to do with his disappearance.
Actually, it had to do with him staying alive as long as he lived.
I believe that.
But, yes.
Well, if you like wearing neo-Nazi lingerie and you go to a Republican birthday party and stuff like that,
it doesn't necessarily mean that you're auto-fileting yourself while you're being coronaled by Satan or something.
You just described most of my summer jobs in the early 80s, Dave.
Goodness.
Not suitable for airplay.
No.
I had to work for the police.
I had to work for the rich folks of Dallas as a wedding videographer.
Back then, only specialists had video cameras.
They were called Betamax cameras, believe it or not.
And I filmed, I was hired on Saturday nights to film the debutante parties, the coming out balls.
The debutante's ball, huh?
Of rich Dallasites.
And that was how I learned that the most deadly creature on the planet
is not a virus, nor a great white shark, but a drunk rich person.
Oh, yeah.
They can do more damage than anything else on the planet.
And I think we may see proof of that coming up soon.
Did I tell you the one time I was attacked by rich people on horseback?
I'd gone too far on a road where they thought they owned the road, even though it was publicly announced and stuff.
And I got out there and they surrounded me.
This drunk husband and drunk wife.
Rich people.
On horseback.
That's scary.
That is terrifying.
Made me stop the car.
And, what are you doing here? What are you doing here?
What do you mean, what am I doing here?
This is a private road. Get out of here.
Dave.
And their faces were bright red and they were drunk as hell and I wanted to run them over, but that would hurt the horsies.
And that would feel real bad.
I don't let red face die.
Drunks tell me what to do.
Oh, well, I mean, this is...
Oh, I'm sorry, officer.
Excuse me, I didn't realize your naturally ruddy complexion threw me off for a moment.
Well, we've got five minutes coming down.
Five minutes?
Yep, until next show.
Normally it would be crap radio here.
Jays.
And perhaps it shall be.
Oh, yeah?
I don't think it'll be crap radio.

That's a subjective judgment.
No, it's not crap radio.
You mean Radio KRAP?
No, that's actually the name of our buddy Keith's show.
But Keith is already at Wisteria.
Yes, Keith drove the truck of all of the Starwood equipment.
These are confusing times.
Well, there's a lot of crossover between WCSB and the Starwood Festival.
We wouldn't have a Starwood Festival.
He drove all the equipment down to make it a big party.
And you rented the truck.
Yes, I did.
Yes, it's a team effort here.
And, uh, yep, yep, yep, we're gonna have to head down there tomorrow.
And so I'm going to, uh, I'm gonna say one more time, friends, if you want more information about the Church of the Subgenius,
or its associated, uh, website,
friends and, and, uh, festivals, such as, uh, Dr. Hal at AskDrHal.com.
That is a URL, AskDrHal.com.
Or StarwoodFestival.com.
You can find all those at Subgenius.com.
Easy to remember.
And I'm going to, uh, just turn up this, this is one of my favorite pieces of the Brandenburg Concertos,
performed by Wendy Carlos.
I'll just let that take us out.
And good night.
Good night.
Thank you, Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Thank you, Dr. Hal.
And thank you, Princess Wee.
And my mother thanks you.
And my father thanks you.
And, uh, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you P
stick.
で
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
