Now, after a lifetime of second thoughts and second guesses...
Yeah?
I see you standing over the grave of another dead president.
That's not gonna happen.
No end to you.
Bob is fill-in-the-blank.
I am Bob. I'm not Bob.
You are Bob. We are all Bob.
We are all Devo. We are Bob.
His heart was strong enough to survive the grave.
You admire him.
Yeah.
He was in life a most remarkable man.
His mind was great and powerful,
but greater is the necessity to stamp him out and destroy him utterly.
Kill Bob?
Your salvation is his destruction.
No.
I can hear it.
He's coming closer.
He's calling me to him.
Bob will protect you.
Bob is protecting the genetic future.
Let him. Let him into your life.
To work with me, you must die to your racing life and be reborn to Mars.
Oh! Oh!
He seems to have been rather naughty.
Let Bob protect you. He wants to protect you.
He must protect you. He has to protect you.
Jehovah One says Bob will protect you.
Praise Bob!
If you send a dollar to post office box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
One dollar for salvation. One dollar.
He gave life to you and to me.
Pray to him, Antillia. He will listen to your prayers.
And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth.
And he had two horns like a lamb and he spoke like a dragon.
And he exercised all the power of the first beast before him.
And caused the earth and them who dwell on it to worship the first beast.
Whose deadly wounds he healed.
And this one we fight, this one we face, has the strength of twenty or more people.
And you can testify for that, Mr. Harker.
But he can also control the meaner things of life.
The bat, the rodent, the wolf.
He can appear as mist, as vapor, as fog and vanish at will.
He doeth great wonders so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men.
And he deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles.
Which he hath power to do in the sight of the beast.
Saying to them that dwell on the earth...
Number four.
Assume command over your prearranged sector.
In particular, break authority of masters who are not controllers.
Allow no questions.
Number five.
Issue the pacifier lozenges.
Your kit should be sufficient for the subjects you've been allocated.
Use the standard line, quote,
They will calm you and supply energy until food comes.
Well said, yes.
God's sake.
Your impotent men with their foolish spells cannot protect you from my power.
Second of all, the robber of God, the destroyer of God, Jonathan,
the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.
I condemn you to living death.
To eternal hunger for living blood.
Number six.
Assume command over your prearranged sector.
In particular, break authority of masters who are not controllers.
The Missing眦D
decades of service to the country has become soon and for those of us who
are still of large number.
Your spirit here today must not rest.
The master will come, and he has promised to make me immortal.
I'm changing. I can feel it. I can hear everything.
I hear the serpents at the other end of the house whispering.
I hear mice in the attic stomping like elephants.
Hi.
Ow.
And may I say, Miss Lucy is hotter than a June bride riding bareback buck naked in the middle of the summer.
I would watch my colonial tongue if I were you.
Women from all walks of life, whose inner turmoil and frustrations,
their burning desires for love, are restrained almost to the breaking point.
But with the coming of nightfall, all restraint is set aside,
and these same women, like savage animals, compete in the...
In the struggle to find and then hold...
The subgenius.
Hour of...
Swag.
Guaranteed to stagger the imagination by its bold portrayal and startling exposures
about the single women in today's society.
What is that?
A Texan.
Like a wild stallion between my legs.
You're positively indecent.
I just know what men desire.
Oh. Yes.
Willing to degrade themselves in any way,
to engage in any and all forms of orgiastic revelry,
in their search for satisfaction.
It's not a pretty story, but it is a true story based on actual facts.
I'll tell you.
It's Bob.
It's Bob.
It's Bob.
Oh, well, in my face.
It's Bob.
It's Bob.
Master!
I am here!
I have worshipped you!
I have done everything that you asked, Master.
All the preparations are in order.
Everything...
The show's ready to go.
...I await your commands.
For I know...
That...
That...
...when the rewards are given...
...I will be one of those who benefits from your generosity.
Yeah, me too, Bob.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
A question of modern civilization!
The greatest sensation!
The greatest attraction of the century!
The best of people.
There are no limits to science.
How can you call this science?
Sounds like a goddamn witch doctor to me, Jack.
Oh, yes.

We are one!
It is no more than that, huh?
Eternal salvation.
Eternal salvation.
Or triple your money back.
Triple your money back.
Hmph.
He's lost his greedy mind, poor chap.
Well, then, I yield to the stooge, being of unsound mind.
The worst thing that ever happened to Johnny.
Alert! Alert! Alert!
Greetings, Bob.
Hello? This is Bob.
I'm out at the moment.
But I am the stooge.
If you leave your name and your telephone number, I'll call you back to the...
...the stooge.
...the unacquainted cable green room in the lands.
Thank you, Bob.
I am a resident of the ninth dimension.
Several of your own eminence.
So-so.
...intones the priest like a radio announcer.
He's on a roll now.
And suddenly on Wall-Eyed Street, the poor are amazed as they turn their eyes skyward to see
egg McMuffins neatly wrapped, flying through the air from skyscraper windows.
And to bring thy heavenly kingdom here on Earth,
they have to go to the church.
In a hush, the congregation steps together through the front door of the church.
They look out upon a shining city, flawless, perfect in every which way.
Next, we see them close the doors.
The church...
...VANISHES!
...and the church is in the dark.
Tired of getting all of the guilt, but none of the sex?
There is a simple answer, dear friend.
A glowing beacon of slack amidst the turmoil and darkness.
It's J.R. Bob Dobbs, the living slack master in his church of the subgenius.
An ancient society, pledging my forefathers...
...to defend the church against all enemies of Christ.
Their relationship was not entirely...
...successful.
What devil or witch was ever so great as Attila whose blood flows in these veins?
The veins of the subgenius.
Blood.
Blood...
...is the most precious thing in these times.
The very name venereal diseases, the diseases of Venus...
...imputs to them divine origin.
And they are involved in that sex problem about which...
...the ethics and ideals of Christian civilization are concerned.
In fact, civilization and syphilization have advanced to the present.
together.
Watch this man as he walks the narrow
line between sanity
and madness. One moment, the
extended photographer.
The next, the blood-maddened
killer. The beautiful,
the blood,
and the bear. The bear.
Is an experience in
naked terror.
Speaking of naked terror,
dear friends, there's...
There's a little news
piece I wanted to read to you.
This is from the
Dallas Morning News, and many of you
out of town
will probably never hear this
amazing story.
So, here,
this piece
I found,
this came out Friday.
Twenty naked
people pile out of
car after wreck
in Louisiana City.
Vinton, Louisiana.
Police were bemused
when a driver wearing only a towel
got out of a car, then got back
into the car and sped off.
But they were dumbfounded when the Pontiac
Grand Am hit a tree
and disgorged twenty
people wearing nothing
at all.
The Lord told them to get rid of all their belongings
and go to Louisiana. So, they
got rid of all their clothes and pocketbooks
and wallets and identifiers.
They got rid of all their
identification and the license plate off their car
and came to our gorgeous state.
This said Vinton police chief,
Dennis Drouillard.
They didn't have any money.
Not even a dime.
All twenty were from
Floydada, Texas.
That's right.
Floydada, Texas.
In the panhandle, diagonally across
the state from the southwest Louisiana
town of Vinton. Driver,
Sammy Rodriguez.
And his brother, Danny, said
they were Pentecostal preachers.
Chief Drouillard said.
Floydada police chief,
James Hale, said that he'd been
looking for the Rodriguez family since
Tuesday night, when relatives
reported them missing.
They made statements like
the devil was after them
and Floydada was going to be
destroyed if they stayed
here, Chief Hale said.
The family left in five or six
cars, abandoning one.
in Lubbock, and a second in San Angelo.
Police found yet a third in Galveston,
plus the family's clothes, pocketbooks, wallets, and other belongings.
The chase in Vinton began after a campground owner called the police.
A Calcasieu Parish deputy stopped their car,
and a man wearing only a towel got out.
When the officer went to ask what was going on,
he jumped back in and took off, Chief Drouillard said.
They sped down Vinton's Main Street
until the car hit a tree at the baseball park at the end of town.
Fifteen adults piled out of the car.
Five children were in the trunk,
and they were completely nude.
All 20 of them didn't have a stitch or clothes on.
I mean, no socks, no underwear, no nothing.
Five of them were in the trunk, Chief Drouillard said.
The youngest was a year old, the oldest, 63.
I think they were all related, he said.
The car was totaled, but the injuries were minor.
I guess when you're packed in that tight,
there's not much room to move around.
One deputy had a bag of clothes, Chief Drouillard said.
We got everybody at least a shirt on.
It was quite a scene.
Sammy Rodriguez, praise Sammy Rodriguez, friends,
was booked with reckless driving, flight from an officer,
property damage, and several minor traffic.
Violations.
He was kept in custody.
The police chief said the entire group was released
into the custody of a Baptist church in nearby Sulphur,
awaiting relatives.
We've never had any type of strange, off-the-wall actions
from any of the family, the Floydada police chief said.
The family here is going down and talk to them
and see what they want to do.
Now, that was Friday, dear friends, that that happened.
And, of course, we wondered what it was like
in that hot, blistering...
sweaty car with old 15-year-old Aunt May
sitting on top of young nephew.
Well, but Saturday,
Saturday in the paper, a new story.
Runaway nudes vanish without a trace.
And once again, Vinton, Louisiana.
Police were looking Friday for 19 of the 20 people
who were crammed into one car naked
when it crashed into a tree
while they were fleeing from police Thursday.
Officials said relatives drove all the way across Texas
to find the 20, only to learn that nobody knew where they were.
The people had been taken by police
to a Salvation Army facility in Lake Charles
after the car crashed Thursday.
So I guess they didn't show up at a Baptist place, eh?
They were at the Salvation Army.
Okay.
Okay.
Said Douglas Harris, a Salvation Army employee,
their kinfolk showed up.
I called the police, the sheriff's office,
all the other shelters.
Nobody.
Nobody knew where they were.
Police Chief Dennis Juillard said he thought they were related.
He said they told his officers
that their clothes had been possessed by the devil.
Oh, it gets deeper now.
We're beginning to pry the story out of the mystery.
Mr. Harris said the group was brought
to his Salvation Army shelter Thursday night
but did not stay.
They were talking Spanish.
They gathered all in the hall.
Then bang, it looked like lost cattle running.
They didn't know which way to go, he said.
Mr. Harris said police found them about 11 p.m. on a beach
and asked whether they could be brought back to the Salvation Army
but Harris' supervisors rejected the request.
Oh, Salvation Army, you couldn't save.
These people were already saved.
As long as they didn't have their clothes on,
the devil couldn't get them.
Authorities said,
especially their driver's license,
that's where they had the devil really sniff you out
is your driver's license.
Authorities said the 20 apparently were members
of a Floydada church that is not affiliated
with any of the organized Pentecostal denominations.
The Reverend Tom Tenney,
District Superintendent of the United Pentecostals,
said the group is not connected with his denomination.
Wayne Fry, in charge of the felony section
at the Calcazoo District,
Attorney's Office,
said Louisiana's Child Protection Office
has begun an investigation into reports
that five children in the group
were in the trunk of the car in 98-degree weather.
And there are reports that some in the group
may have been taken against their will.
Chief Hale said the group was reportedly
headed to Florida to preach.
Well, friends, let's all take our clothes off
and head to Florida to preach, man.
That's it.
That's it.
It's beautiful.
The dangerous, the bloody, the naked, and the nude.
Music and background, by the way, is by Brain Rot Theater.
We've been listening to Media Barrage No. 9,
just a fun little edit of the old subgenius Media Barrage,
intercut with the obvious movie, Draculia.
And, oh, the Church Vanishes clip
was from Audio Comics by Dan Retherett.
And we may be playing more of,
as well as we've got a couple of different
rock and roll songs about mass murder
that just seem to fit into the theme of tonight's show
as it has fallen together with blood and nakedity.
Ah, yes.
Unashamed, bearing everything
to make him a success
only to be paid off in blood.
The beautiful, the bloody,
and the bare.
A story so revealing
it is intended for adults only.
Don't you look a man.
You hurt.
You're influenced by Bob in your work.
Well, actually, Bob just uses me as an instrument of death.
Bob kills through me.
My artwork is my own.
They can take our instruments
and set them apart like 200,000.
What is it?
A new...
Oh, Bob.
Bob.
Well, you talk about
that, Bob.
What are you doing? Speak! Speak!
What are you thinking of? What thinking? What?
The slack running down your legs!
Explain, Bob.
He's really inserting his hand between Connie's hands.
Do not fear me.
Stop this. Stop this. Stop this.
God, who are you?
It is much to be learned.
Go ahead.
The time round comes to push, push comes to shove.
Shoves comes to look around and see where you're up above or down below.
Where you're at and how it turns.
Something that says it's good, says it's bad, that's good.
Say what it is, what it is. That's cool.
So when it gets cool and you got some fool coming through the door,
you don't know what he's doing about what.
He just come and fell out of the water like a fish on the floor.
And what it is to me is like, I say a lot of words.
They say they're bad words.
For me, they're just words.
I don't see good words or bad words.
Good and bad is up to the individual to decide whatever he feels like is good or bad.
So when you're talking to a man, you say,
Hey!
You old derry-bra-bra-bra-bra.
How the hell are you?
You old roo-roo-roo-roo-roo-roo-roo-roo-roo-roo-roo-roo-roo-roo.
We're all denied.
And plus he's got a swastika in the middle of his head.
You know, it doesn't help.
Here's the best part.
So he's talking to, I guess, what's the equivalent of a judge.
I don't know who these parole guys are.
And he just makes up some name to call him and the judge wigs on him.
Here's the thing.
Let me say this to you, Chief Thomas.
Hold up, hold up, just a minute.
My name is written right there.
Don't you ever call me.
You say, what's that name right there?
Do you understand?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
It's not perceived.
Ooh.
That guy's cool.
The deal is, is that Manson represents himself.
He doesn't have a lawyer.
Right, that's a good idea.
He represents himself, so they have...
He's done well with his clients so far.
Yeah, and that's already a sign of a madman.
But they have to sort of, like, let him talk.
Right.
Hey, you don't have to let me out of anywhere, sir.
Because, you know, where I am is the world we create.
That's the universe, man, to dig.
Now, freak.
Freak.
Freak.
Parole denied.
I am the last of my kind.
Would you care for an order, Dr. Thurlow?
Carnival.
No, thank you, Mr. Redfield.
You see, it's life that I ingest.
It's back life to me.

A flood gives you luck.
Certainly.
But you might as well ask, Commander.
If molecules would pair of chapsticks
and interest me in lesser carnivore.
I shall have to invent a new classification of lunatic for you.
I do like Bob.
I do like Bob.
I like his shirt.
I like his shirt.
When I'm wearing...
When I'm wearing it.
When I'm wearing it.
I've never been hurt.
Bob feels so strongly for the pinks that rather than wear a hair shirt, Bob is much spiffier than that.
He wears polyester shorts so he can receive the fullness of polyester that plagues the life of pinks and understand their problems more fully.
Bob's compassion is as infinite as his handicap.
Bob itches for your sins.
Does that help him with his stench?

The stench of Bob is a psycho-phantasmagoric aura of odor which fills the seven continents in twenty seas.
Most human beings cannot withstand the glory of this Bob.
Only when the third nostril has been properly opened by the necessary corrective administration of the green energy.
I do like Bob.
I like his shoes.
I like his shoes.
And when I'm wearing them.
You know I never walked a blue.
Bob is coming.
Bob is coming.
Bob is coming.
Bob is coming.
Speaking as the Pope of New York, whose power at its most minimal equals the Pope of the Holy City of the Vatican,
and it's proven by the fact that I am not, in fact, infallible.
I have the power to fail and fail often.
Let me point out to you that the Roman Catholic Church specializes in suicide.
And not only suicide, but suicide with guilt.
We suggest you open yourself to the living death and life that is the infinite fulsomeness of, excepting, of Bob.
I do like Bob.
But I never want his job.
I do like Bob. But I never want his job.
I do like Bob. But I never want his job.


Bob...
Bob...
Bob...
Hey!
What in God's name is going on up here?
What in God's name is going on up here?

Bob...
Ah! Ah!
Won't you stop just doing a radio show, sir?
You do not let your eyes see nor your ears hear that which you cannot account for, sir.
Will one of you learned doctors or whatever you are kindly tell me what is going on with my Lucy?
Do you not think there are things in this universe which you cannot understand and which are true?
Mesmerism, hypnotism...
You and Shark are the true hypnotism.
...materialization, astral bodies.
Where the hell did he go?
Bob is...
Some years ago he erected a mighty cross on top of a mountain.
It was impossible to do, but he did.
And each year he has a big rally there on the mountain, Mount Lynn Lowry.
He's a miracle Jesus friend!
He's a kind of Jesus friend that will cross in the name of God!
He's a miracle!
He's a miracle Jesus friend!
And friends, I'll tell you what sometimes...
Sometimes that Jesus, he'll...
He'll light up his eyes.
Yes, he'll light up his eyes.
He'll say...
He'll say...
He'll say...
If you look at Jesus, if Bob Dobbs is some kind of demonic influence, some kind of demonic spirit, he'll say,
Hell no!
He'll say, the fighting Jesus was like,
If Bob Dobbs, he's a very good man!
He's a...
He's a friend of mine!
Yeah!
Gentlemen, we're not fighting some disease here.
It stalks us for some dread purpose I do not yet comprehend.
The green fairy who lives in the absence wants your soul.
But you are safe with me.
We'd like to say right now, we've got Bob coming up in a moment with Tonight Sports.
We've got a story tonight that our sports director declined to read.
But I'm going to have it for you in just a moment.
It's the story of Nashville's leaping lawnmower, coming up in 30 seconds.
Bob is fill in the blank.
We're spouting the name of Bob, using the name of Bob, but all in vain.
Master!
Master!
You promised me eternal life!
But you give it to the pretty woman!
Dr. Jack!
I'm no lunatic man!
I'm a clean man fighting for his soul!
No, Master.
You are not.
I serve you.
I serve only you.
Only you, Bob.
Yes!
Yes!
Glory is my love.
chỉ
ging
shindes
carrying
any
conc urban
Oh!
Yes...
The dangers of Bob...
Bob the Killer...
He'll get your money and your blood, won't he?
Yes...
Oh, yes...
Oh, Bob's been rough on the little piggies lately, hasn't he?
What a rough Bob...
He's been so rough...
But...
But he saw to it that we'd have some records to play for you tonight.
Why, this one showed up, we heard it for the first time about half an hour ago.
From out-of-band experience...
The beautiful Kings of Feedback...
Doing their lightest called...
One Hell of a Tweak.
And the most
The only
The only sex preoccupies us more than murder.
It's sad, isn't it?
The only
The only
The only
The only
The only
A shocking tale of murder, mutilation, and cannibalism wrapped in plastic.
I felt it. It was one hell of a tweak.
One hell of a tweak.
It was one hell of a tweak.
So who are these serial killers?
They are more like us than we like to admit.
And these obsessive desires and
thoughts wanting to control them.
I just enjoy killing them.
I'm scared to death of failing in male-female relationships.
What makes their sick minds tick?
Believe me, they're the most despicable human beings on our planet.
I don't believe anybody should forgive them, certainly not you, Catoan, but we must study them.
It was overwhelming.
He was a killing machine out of control.
I'm gonna kill you as many as I can. I'm gonna pile you up to the sky.
These are the left-handed people.
The serial killer is packaged and sold in magazines, books, even trading cards.
How do you like that, man? Pull the dummy.
They got too many girls out there hitchhiking. They couldn't be out there.
Christophe killed 300 people. It excited him.
Some people go crazy. I felt this one hell of a tweak. I mean, to just flip out and not where I was.
A surge of energy. This one hell of a tweak.
They would do less than they can. They snapped.
Because of their childhood discrepancies associated with violence.
They were killed.
They were killed.

And they are still killed.
Let me be patient.
that number you can call OutBand Experience.
They welcome it at six, area code 617-LICK-OBE.
617-LICK-OBE, yes you can do that.
And tonight we're also playing a new tape we got in.
The soundtrack of the film Acid Is Groovy,
Kill the Pigs.
That's the title of a movie by our friend Joe Christ,
Reverend Joe Christ, and he said in his letter here,
here is a cassette version of the movie soundtrack.
The groovy cover art is by Joe Coleman,
Chris Spedding is the legendary Sessions guitarist,
blah blah blah, and Billy Atwell III,
the drummer for The False Prophet.
And he hopes we can fit it in somewhere in our program.
And oddly enough, tonight was just the night to fit in
the first song off of this lovely Joe Christ album.
Actually it's Joe Christ and Bigger Than God,
is the name of the band.
And this song called Your Daughter Died a Virgin.
Your daughter died a virgin.
Missing her.
Like a living ghost.
But I'm longing for the taste of your love.
Too young and sweet and innocent to be divided by the blood.
I've turned her home with me, about feeling restless
Now, your daughter died a virgin, you should know
And you're the queen of my ego
You know I couldn't let her, she was such a lovely girl
But now she's out of me, I'm on top of the world
guitar solo
When I saw that baby play, only one thing I'd like to do
I'd drive her in a man-o-murse and throw her into
Your daughter died a virgin, you're the man
guitar solo
guitar solo
Just a little tickle on the back of my heart
guitar solo
If I had never to hurt her, I'd leave her here with you
guitar solo
Do you want to leave with a question for me?
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Oh yes, lovely, lovely Joe Christ there.
Joe Christ and Bigger Than God from their movie soundtrack,
Acid is Groovy, Kill the Pigs.
And you can write to,
Joe Christ at, for those of you illegally recording this show,
at 151 First Avenue, number 77, New York, New York,
one triple oh three.
Yeah, we try to let you know who's doing our satanic music
so you can write for your own copies.
Oh, huh.
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo

guitar solo
Let's do some cries
guitar solo
Let's do some cries
guitar solo
Let's do some cries
Let's do some crimes
We could hack into the bank computer
Then I got the code
Well, you got to be gentle with her
Until you break her hold
I know a pretty armored car
Comes by here every day
We don't have to kill the guards
Unless they get in our way
Let's do some crimes
Let's do some crimes
Let's do some crimes
Let's do some crimes
There's a foolish, jaded woman
Who hires actors to play a rape
To her it's all just a game
Until we get it on videotape
There's a man
Who's a man of faith
There's a man of faith
We can take a hostage
He likes to party down on my lawn
Well, his suit is silken
His wine is vintage
Cause he's Mayer's playboy son
I got a can of gasoline
I know you always got a flame
I've lost to these fires
Like a beautiful dream
And I know we're not playing games
Let's do some crimes
Let's do some crimes
Let's do some crimes
Let's do some crimes
Let's do some crimes
Steal the parts to a nuclear bomb
Think a city you can't stand
Do something that's overwhelmingly wrong
Feel the world in your hands
Oh, we could go to the liquor store
Knock over a 7-11
Might have to dust them
Just to make sure
Let God sort them out in heaven
Let's do some crimes
Let's do some crimes
Let's do some crimes
Let's do some crimes
Let's do some crimes
Let's do some crimes
Let's do some crimes
Three of the white house sewage lines
I got a rent someone thinks it's too high

it, pour it on them from behind, give them a taste of their own sh**. Let's do some crimes!
Let's do some crimes!
Let's do some crimes!
Let's do some crimes!
Let's do some crimes!
Let's do some crimes!
Let's do some crimes!
Let's do some crimes!
Let's do some crimes!
Let's do some trash
Let's do some trash
Let's do some trash
Don't be half-assed
What do you say, let's go downtown
Let's go downtown, see what we can find
Let's go, let's find ourselves a seat
I got something to do, man
I got an idea, man
Let's fuck with the elevator, man
I got the wire to the fence
Let's go, let's go downtown, man
Let's go downtown, that's where all of me
gonna go
Come on, man, come on, man
Let's do some trash
Let's do some trash
Let's do some trash
Let's do some trash
Don't need a reason, don't need rhyme
Let's do some trash
I got the time
Let's do some trash
Let's do some trash
Ooh, John Shirley there
You are reckless
Well, so what?
I'll cross that bridge when I come to it
John Shirley, let's do some crimes
But
Oh, world events can be bigger crimes, my friend
Unknown signs will appear in the heavens
And on Earth
The coordinates, the third dimensional coordinates
Will be all of Soul 3, Milky Way Galaxy Universe A
The first cleansing ritual to initiate
At Triple Underpass Sacred Octagon, Dallas, Texas, USA
Fourth Dimension
The fifth dimensional coordinate
Will be on Nuit, Form 5, July 1998, 7 AM
And the fifth dimensional coordinate
Is the nervous systems of all those who best surf
The psychic explosion
And it had better be the Church of the Subgenius, dear friend


Friends for all are doomed
Astrologically, Mercury will be in retrograde
The time when communications of every sort become skewed
Planes crash and wars start
Cosmoastrologically, it will be in retrograde
These are harmonic discordance
That rare and fleeting period in the history of the solar system
When nothing is in alignment
Nothing!
No planets, satellites, asteroids, meteors or comets
Even the rings of Saturn will be out of whack
Allowing the re-imprinting of fate
On the entire interplanetary sphere
And thereby creating
Momentarily the potential for ultimate slack
At midnight, July 4th, 1998
Bob, at a wild, just-say-yes ritual party
In James Joyce Park, New York
Will raise from the dead 23 of the homeless
The unexplained and the irreconcilable
He will then, with one phone call, purchase a new phone



And the phone will reach the Vatican for 144 trillion dollars
And will declare himself last pope and first anarchrist
Assuring his mastery over the world
Finally, around 6am
Bob will leap into a fiery crater of a live volcano
Causing it to erupt in a convulsive pterogasm
Spurting him or his charred carcass into low earth orbit
To intercept the alien planet!

And defeat this
And attended at the very heart of
Purgatory
If hisıs
Aurorae
Lord Caesar marsenae
Are formed upon' Fragaham because of death and ash
Do not be 조심 engendered As failed clouds break away the storm
Aged many zolpels are born out on the번
Real memories of being hideous, perverted life forms on other planes and planets.
They'll be sorry they ever read that first Fate magazine.
Yes, millions of idiots watching on CNN will mistake these two-bit, cheesy-looking, strictly corporeal spaceships for the X-ists.
A donut-shaped, in varying sizes, the 33 saucers will stack up on the Washington Monument like one of those baby's toys.
Only not correctly, with largest first ending at smallest.
Instead, they'll slide down its shaft to form the random Great Configuration.
That shape which opens the dimensional gateway for the escape vessels.
In other words, all of the so-called Galactic Brotherhood's beloved.
So, by UFO kooks, are all but the doormen for the X-ists.
Mere decoys to confuse the conspiracy at the crucial time.
And at that moment, when the portal is aborted, shall the time be nigh for their horizon.
And then, only then, will X-Day truly begin.
Yes, friends, I have to tell you...
about the rupture.
For one shall be taken, and the other left.
You know, you and your unsaved spouse might be sitting at the breakfast table, when suddenly, you will be caught away and your spouse will be alone.
Incidentally, pinks and bobbies who want to murder their spouses, but are afraid of getting caught, can simply buy their behated ones a subgenius membership scription ordination.
To guarantee their being right.
But the rupture, which was ruptured in 1998, is the perfect crime.
In the mall or the street, everything will be normal one minute.
And the next, certain people will have silently vanished, leaving empty suits of clothes eerily dotting the ground.
Driverless cars will veer into oncoming traffic.
Those Christians who have not heard of Bob, will be heartbroken.
While those who have, will curse God and cry out to the mountain.
Employers of subgeniuses will have to hire temps on short notice.
Hint for those left behind, just before X-Day invest in temporary employment franchises.
Yes, getting caught up will happen to different subgenii in different ways.
The houses of some subgeniuses will be enclosed by protective force field bubbles.
The surrounding neighborhood will then be scoured by obliteration rays.
And then the sex goddesses will simply beam up the bubbles.
Imagine, friends, the skyrocketing violence and panic as desperate pinks climb over each other.
Trying to purchase subgenius memberships at the last moment.
Our hearts fill with joy at the thought of that.
But we will forewarn you that the rupture may be just a moment.
And that is disconcerting to some subgenii as well.
For not all are ruptured in the same ways.
Few will actually be lifted up into a spaceship.
Although they might remember it that way, because it's easier for the mind to accept.
Some will be ripped to pieces, tearing through their roofs.
Those outdoors will rocket skyward, depressurizing in the upper atmosphere.
And exploding like deep sea fish hauled to the surface too fast.
Some subgenii in the process of rupturing will resemble burning monks or spontaneous human combustion victims.
Bob has told us that for those with faith, these are just the images, the useless physical shells being left behind in a hurry for something better.
And if we believe, without any fear or doubt, while our bodies are being vacated and trashed,
we will instantaneously be recreated on the escape vessels of the sex goddesses
as athletic, youthful, genetically perfect versions of our former selves.
Of course, we'll later have the option of changing to practically any vaguely humanoid physical form we choose.
But nobody will know any of that for sure until they've already actually ruptured.
This is Dobbs Ultimate.
Test of Faith.
Thanks to the miracle of live television, most subgenii will have to watch those in earlier time zones undergoing the rupture first.
For instance, California subgenii will witness their counterparts in New York writhing and screaming,
bursting into flames, appearing to die in unimaginable pain.
A few may start having second thoughts and may even be superstitious.
They may even be superstitious enough to burn their membership cards.
Think that will do you any good?
We know that X-Day happens at 7am.
But starting where?
Eastern or Central Time?
All over the planet?
Simultaneously?
Or time zone by time zone?
Praise Dobbs, it is the latter.
And that'll make for some great TV viewing on that fady, fatal, mighty day.
For purposes of illustration only, folks,
I want you to, uh, envision a gigantic spaceship hovering in one place while the Earth turns beneath it.
Or thousands of ships lined up in a vertical row north to south,
letting each section of the Earth pass by underneath as they bathe it in their rays of glory.
Now the International Date Line, the place where each day on Earth begins,
falls on a meridian that transverses the middle of the Pacific Ocean.
The first populated area at which it will be set.
At 7am, July 5th, 1998, happens to be, and this is true, friends,
the island of Nuku'alafa in Tonga, just east of the Fiji Islands.
Also enjoying an early X-Day will be the Arctic subgeniuses in Pravidaniya, Russia.
If CNN has cameras there, we in the US will be able to watch their X-Day start
17 hours before the sun sets.
And we'll see what happens before it gets to us.
Plan to tune in at 2pm Central Standard Time on July 4th.
And by the way, friends, as X-Day moves across the face of the Earth,
the conspiracy will fall in Japan and Australia, then China, India, across Russia,
across Europe and across America.
And by the way, the last subgeniuses to be ruptured
will be those just west of Nome, Alaska and in western Samoa.
And those who write for free information from the Church of the Subgenius.
Friends, I'm going to give that post office box that I've been promising so long
so that you too can be ruptured up into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
That number to write, just write, just write, write to your old friend Bob.
At post office box 140306 Dallas, Texas.
That's right, beautiful, lovely, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again, that's box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
You know, it just wouldn't seem right if you didn't hear me give that box number once a week.
No way.
I'll put it.
Eh, not that most of you pay your pledges for it.
Well, anyway, and now this one last piece of music and...
What are we doing, could we just close out now?
Performance for prayer.
Yeah, my old friend Paul praise God.
I'll just plan the following, best of luck out there, I this way.
See you then.


Encore a solid five.
THE END
END
END
END
END
