It was in the year of 1982 that spacemen first discovered the great galactic barrier.
In the past ten years, rocket travel to the moon and the mirror planets had become commonplace.
And yet, the explorers refused to admit defeat.
It was on June the 2nd, 1987, that the rocket Starcloud made ready for takeoff.
Now hear this! Now hear this!
The Self Genius! Our own self!
Don't bother me for a while, I'm busy!
Stupid idiot.
We'll have to reintegrate the whole works!
Prepare to blast off.
Four, three, zero.
Fire up number one cyclotron.
Number one ready.
Fire up number two.
Number two ready.
I think that's rubbish.
What do you think?
Oh, I think it's terrible.
At least it won't be boring.
God, this is weird.
We'll do it anyway.
Friends, welcome to the Starwood 39.5 Subgenius Devival.
But before we get started,
I hope that we can all kind of bow our heads and have a respectful, sober moment of sacred noise!
Yes, friends, thanks for coming.
Attention is the rarest and purest form of generosity, said someone named Simone Wheel.
You're very generous to pay attention.
I'm just assuming that you are.
Probably half of you smoking reefers and stuff.
I can't do this from my giant pulpit,
because we left that in storage at Wisteria,
with that shipping container that we share with our sister cult, ACE.
So it's just my desk.
But I've got the same video projection in the background.
We're in deepest rural north central California.
I'm in central Texas on a goat ranch just outside of a really small, weird, Twin Peaks-like town called Glen Rose.
But I've been at Starwood.
I've actually been attending, like I do in regular Starwoods, Lurking.
In that my wife has had it on right behind me on the other side of the room.
Princess Wee has been hosting things at Starwoods and going to workshops and stuff.
So I've heard a whole bunch of those, a whole lot of it.
It's been kind of fun.
It's strangely realistic, isn't it?
We had that experience at the Virtual X Day.
It's like the standing around in the middle of the road talking part of the festival,
which is really, I think, everybody's favorite part.
Sitting around the campfires and talking.
I mean, the music shows and presentations are fun,
but really, I think what everybody's really paying for is to see their friends.
And you can do that without the sweating and the ticks.
The Matrix isn't that bad, I guess.
You can still have that lobster dinner in the Matrix.
And it's great to be at the almost 40th Starwood,
the weirdest Starwood because of the lack of sweating and mud.
Maybe some of you guys have mud.
We have the heat.
All I've got to do is open the window.
It'll be 103 degrees.
It'll be just like the real Starwood.
It's also, by the way, friends,
this is the 40th anniversary of the Church of the Subgenius beginning outreach,
the first public reveal of Church of the Subgenius.
We printed the first pamphlet in January of 1980.
So it's 40 years for Starwood, 40 years for Church of the Subgenius,
and I believe 40 years for Burning Man,
which also started at the same time as a weird little party.
God, when I was 10 years old,
I couldn't believe how long it took to get to be 10 years old.
And now I can't believe how quickly I reached 66.
In fact, it seems a little faster than the first 10 years.
And we're still doing X-Day.
This year we had to rupture in place, friends.
Our original plan was to have it on a cruise ship,
but we couldn't book one in time.
It would have been packed.
It would have been perfect.
The cruise ship X-Day.
What a concept.
But instead we provided a fully expense-paid trip to X-Day
right in your own home.
We let a thousand little X-Days bloom.
Because we know that if we,
we who joined the Church formally with that little $35 stipend,
that therefore the men from Planet X
have our addresses.
I certainly have everybody's address.
So despite the COVID and everything,
we laughed till our lungs bled anyway.
Isn't that charming?
We even managed to have a big burning bob.
At X-Day's usually we don't have a giant bonfire like Starwood.
In fact, we don't really know the secret of fire.
We are reliant on the pagans.
We don't have the tools to start those.
But this time we had a full life-size,
very realistic Dobbs dummy nailed to a huge wooden icon
surrounded by little funny signs that were put together by Hypercube.
And explosions.
Man, when he set that thing on fire,
there were explosions and huge flames.
And it wasn't until I saw his home movies the next day
that I realized it was a miniature set.
It was a skillfully done miniature
using forced perspective to make it...
It fooled me.
Of course, I'm, you know, we didn't call it Church of the Genius.
Anyway, friends, Bob preaches Slack
and he leads by example,
which is why he's not here
and I'm the one who has to work.
But besides preaching Slack, he also provided warnings.
He's been warning us.
That all this was going to happen since 1953.
In fact, his most succinct and true prophecy was,
it's going to be a bummer, man.
Bob said in 1953,
it's going to be a bummer, man.
Can anyone argue with that?
I mean, aside from the fact that everybody says,
dude, I mean, bro, bro, whatever nowadays,
instead of man.
And in the interim,
every year we thought it couldn't get any worse.
You know, Nixon.
Oh, God.
Couldn't get any worse than this.
Reagan. The Reagan years.
Most corrupt administration.
Almost everybody he hired went to jail.
Oh, God. Couldn't get any worse than this.
Then Emperor Bush the first.
Then the other Bush.
And some people would have to gripe about poor old Carter,
poor old Clinton and Obama.
Poor sad things.
But couldn't possibly get any.
And now in 2019, a whole lot of us,
I heard this all the time last year.
Oh, man, this has been a horrible year.
It's because a lot of our friends died.
Had tragedies.
And we're going, 2020 is going to be so much better.
Oh, it's going to be great.
Can't possibly get any worse.
Can't possibly get any worse than this.
Now we're at the point where we can almost honestly say,
oh, it can't get any worse than this.
I'm afraid old Bob's got a few things up his sleeve yet to come, friends.
You better be ready.
Just as the birds were the only dinosaurs to survive the Cretaceous extinction event,
it kind of figures that the survivors of our current extinction event,
the ones that will evolve into the next tool you use,
and screw up the world again,
would be buzzards.
The carrion eaters.
Vultures.
That's the next civilization.
The last humans, of course, will be morticians and grave diggers.
But the buzzards will still be around after them.
So, as Bob said for the first time last week,
it sucks to be born every minute.
As Bizarro Bob said,
all subgeniuses everywhere always get everything they want.
But that was Bizarro Bob.
Bizarro Bob hates slack.
So, yeah, the world's in horrible shape,
and everybody's scared as hell,
and it's in times like these that the Church of the Subgenius makes really pretty good money.
When we announced that our t-shirts could be used like that,
all of a sudden we ran out of t-shirts.
And then the t-shirt guy, Reverend Thaddeus,
started making bandanas.
He was able to make bandanas like that one.
And, oh, God, we just suddenly were rolling in it.
Isn't that ironic, you know?
They're flying off the shelves,
and we're saving like five to eight souls a day buying memberships.
But, as Bob also said,
in the pre-Scriptures,
there will be a long and hard time of false slack for the masses.
Now, I got to thinking about Bob's prophecies,
and it's been a long time since I looked at the Dateline for Dominance
in the Book of the Subgenius.
And this morning I got it out,
because I used to think, well, these weren't very accurate.
It seemed we didn't have the years right,
and a lot of the things that we predicted
didn't happen that we know of.
But, I was shocked to see just how accurate they are for this year.
These were all written down in 1981,
okay, or 82,
when the first edition of the Book of the Subgenius came out.
These are all predictions from that time.
Creationism and school prayer upheld in major court decision
as legitimate science.
That seemed like science fiction back then, didn't it?
Highest unemployment rate in U.S. history under Prez clone.
False slack.
That's just the very beginning.
It gets sweatier here.
President Watt commits racial slurs
against Jews, blacks, other mutants.
Impeached.
President Watt.
Only the name was wrong.
What the fuck happened there?
Econocataclysm worsens.
This one's a little late.
Black rogue subgenius runs for president.
Embarrasses conspiracy.
I guess that one happened a while back.
Full frontal drugs and nudity
featured in top detective TV shows.
That's been going on for years now.
But it all seemed impossible.
In the 80s.
Reagan Prez clone reelected.
Ends all aid to poor.
Mines harbors of non-American countries.
A pink black woman almost becomes vice president
but is discredited when it's revealed
that she posed nude for Penthouse.
Severe toxic waste crisis in U.S.
adds to decimation of citizen trust in government.
Prez clone uses pop fantasy movie catchphrases
to describe insane space defense program.
We were ahead of our time, baby.
Well, Bob was.
America suffers massive economic collect.
Collapse.
Although it is called a drug porn crackdown.
Prez clone conditions public
with all American He-Man characters in media.
Then bombs Mid-East City
and thus squelches terrifying reports
on acid rain growing ozone layer hole.
Well, this is actually kind of,
some of this is old news.
It's all illustrated, you see.
Gotta keep it moving or the bobs will eat it.
Civilization literally falling apart.
That was predicted for 1988.
A third sex is added to the human race.
Boy, I guess we had no idea
how many more there were than three.
American voters deliberately install
all powerful dictator as last hope for restoring order.
Plague created by recombinant DNA research
decimates 10% of world population.
Civilized people losing faith in modern medicine.
Traveling medicine shows hawking wonder drugs.
Miracle cures.
Psychic healing replaced scientific medicine.
Synthetic food wars.
We didn't even know the term GMO back then.
Much less Wonder Burger or whatever it is.
The American dictator is now identified
by the church as the anti-bob.
Bulletproof robots run most convenience stores.
Average human lifespan is now figured at 40 years.
If you average in the,
or winning COVID rates,
that may be true,
20% of US population now considered clinically insane.
Actually, it's more like 36%.
Ozone layer depleted.
Earth unshielded from harmful radiation.
Greenhouse effect begins to accelerate.
Average world temperature up 15 degrees.
Life on Earth stands a very good chance of being wiped out.
And that's just without X day.
Return of the seven-day work week and 14-hour work day.
Also known as work at home.
What we now call lunatic fringe kooks
account for 43% of the US population.
Oh, okay, that caught up.
The fifth civil war,
abnormals versus normals.
Glaciers start melting.
Drought, mutation, environmental problems,
and pestilence.
Worse than already critical world famine.
Anti-Bob now runs global congress,
lording it over all aspects of ruined planet.
Terrorist tourism fad for the rich.
School teachers now regularly tortured in school by students.
Plague of mutant insects.
Murder wasps, anyone?
So,
oh, drug abuse religions cropping up.
So there you go, friends.
It's all here in the book of the subgenius.
On sale at our swag table over there.
Just go see Princess Weir, Steve Siddick,
oh wait, no, subgenius.com.
Our swag table.
It's air conditioned.
All right.
Now, now I'll tell the story.
Of how I infiltrated the profile movement.
And I'm kind of surprised they haven't copped that name yet.
I made that up.
I was thinking.
Well, it came in the course of this report actually.
To infiltrate profile.
All I had to do.
Was moved to the small rural Texas town.
And get on the local Facebook pages.
Which I really like.
I really used to like.
At first, I mean, a couple of years ago.
The Facebook page for Glen Rose, Texas was mostly.
Here's my dog.
He's lost.
If anybody sees him, can you return him?
Or pictures of dogs saying, hey, we found this dog on our property.
Whose dog is this?
It always had a happy ending.
The dog always got found.
I helped find a dog.
And menus of the little restaurants and things around here.
It was about the best place to get.
What was that explosion?
You couldn't.
They wouldn't tell you on the news or the radio.
You'd ask on Facebook.
Oh, it's just that over there.
The dirt factory there.
They had a little accident.
It's okay.
This is a very, very, very conservative.
Pretty small town.
It is actually a tourist destination.
But otherwise, it's pretty out of the way.
Now.
My Facebook friends are mostly.
I don't want to use that word again.
Well, liberals.
Or, you know, whatever.
Not exactly pro-fa.
Or anti-fa either, necessarily.
Well, actually, that's just philosophy, right?
It's not really.
Where's the anti-fa P.O. box?
Who's the Bob of anti-fa?
They don't even have a Facebook.
They have Face.
Like Anonymous does.
You know, at least Anonymous has Face.
We have a Face.
You know, it's a Face-based religion.
But then there's the local Facebook page.
And that's where you get a window into the more provincial side.
You see, I'm trying to be polite.
I could say redneck.
But my neck's about half red.
And people think of that as an insulting term.
And maybe some rednecks feel it is.
But I hear them say it all the time.
But I'm trying to avoid certain terms.
Bunch of fucking pigs out there.
Normals.
Barbies and Kens.
Cage dwellers.
I can use those words.
They're Dobbs approved.
Anyway, a 15-year-old girl announced on the local Facebook page that she was going to host a BLM.
In this tiny little town.
The locals instantly went rabid.
Foaming at the mouth.
Jumping up and down on Facebook.
This is the friendliest place.
You drive through town.
Stop at a convenience store.
A city person would be suspicious.
Because everybody's so friendly.
And they'd be friendly, you know, if you're black, whatever, Asian.
As long as you're not wearing a hope and change button.
And even then, the worst thing that happened was they might grunt a little bit.
But they'd still help you change a tire.
These same people, when they heard there was going to be a BLM thing here, their first thing was, what's the point?
There's no black people here.
Actually, there's probably about five families.
But they literally threatened to show up with weapons and bikers.
You know, I'm going to call my biker friends.
We're going to have all our weapons down here.
We're going to stop the paid anti-fag.
We're going to stop the anti-fag hordes.
They're going to bus in from Dallas with bricks and fire bombs.
Because the anti-fag pays people to come through the small towns and destroy our good old American pie culture.
They really believe this because they see those badly photoshopped fake ads that they send to each other.
With the help, no doubt, of the Russians and Chinese.
And I've seen those badly photoshopped.
You know, $200 a day to come throw bricks in a small town.
You know, call this number, anti-fag.
Another one that was really popular that I saw on our local Facebook page was anti-fag to invade Sturgis Bike Rally.
They believed this!
Oh, and they got so, oh, you know, righteous individuals.
Righteous indignation, let me say that, take two.
Righteous indignation is the marijuana of 2020.
Butt hurt is a powerful drug.
I think Nikki Death Chick said that.
Ironic considering.
And the other thing is, the locals honestly were going, what, what, what?
There's no Democrats in Glen Rose.
That's not allowed.
There's actually at least 200.
And I've met some of them.
Quite a few of them.
Well, I went to that BLM rally.
Yeah, they, anyway, it scared the 15-year-old girl into calling it off.
There were so many bullies on Facebook doing, you know, so you don't think cop lives matter?
You don't think white lives matter?
Why do you bring hate of your own kind to this nice little town?
We'll show you hate.
You know, and so the girl's parents dropped the whole thing, called it off.
The Greta Thunberg of Glen Rose, I called her.
I was, really admired that kid.
We ended up getting to meet her, too, because somebody else decided to do the BLM thing anyway.
They got a permit for a Saturday in the town.
And I was like, well, I'm going to go to the town square.
And you can envision a really traditional old town square, sort of like the one in Back to the Future, but smaller.
Oh, the pro-thaw people were so certain that every storefront window was going to be shattered,
and the tourists would never come back here again to see the Creationist Museum.
And everybody was going to get COVID because of the Dallas people that were being bussed in.
Even though COVID is a hoax, it's just a media hoax to, you know, make the president look dumb.
Oh, and what upset them almost the most was, because of COVID, the public restrooms were going to be locked.
Oh, my God, you'd think they couldn't get a haircut.
As if anybody ever used the public restroom in the town square.
The real harbinger of a Democratic coup.
Locking the public restrooms.
And, oh, and the bullies and vigilantes announced that they were going to have a prayer meeting for policemen the morning before this rally.
And I went down there to see that prayer meeting, and there wasn't anybody there!
It was, it was, they didn't even bother, you know.
So.
There was going to be a meeting in Glen Rose.
Now, there's been violence in small towns, particularly I'm thinking of that little town in Ohio,
where people with guns showed up and actually attacked teenagers and little old ladies while the cops stood by.
And so I thought, well, just because of those Facebook bullies, I want to go to this BLM thing.
Plus.
I miss Cleveland.
Most of the people I dealt with on a daily basis were black, and their lives mattered to me.
And for that matter, if anybody benefited from, indirectly, but I definitely benefited from slavery.
More so than a lot of people.
I had an uncle who was a senator of South Carolina.
Great, great, great uncle.
Who's not a very great man.
But a great, great uncle.
He was a senator of South Carolina named Cotton Ed Smith.
It might have helped my dad get into Harvard.
So anyway, you know, I'm, yeah, I was going to, I'm sincere about that, actually.
Although, of course, I came up with funny placards I could take.
No human lives matter.
Slack lives matter.
Or I was going to get put on makeup to look like I'd been beaten.
Or I was going to get beaten to a pulp and have a sign that said, Black and Blue Lives Matter.
All of which I decided were in bad taste.
And the latter one, Black and Blue Lives Matter, probably both the liberals and the conservatives would gang up on me.
They'd find one reason they could come together.
And beat up the smarty pants.
At least we got one thing in common.
So I went to the rally.
Princess Wee went with me.
It was anticlimactic.
Really.
It was 75 masked youths and very attractive ladies.
And lots of old people.
Including more attractive ladies.
And I get the impression sometimes that maybe Democrats have a better diet.
Although, to tell the truth, at this particular Black Lives Matter meeting,
I would venture to estimate that at least half of them were Republicans.
And Christians.
But real Christians.
Know what I'm saying?
So, yeah, it's all these old folks and youths holding signs.
And, of course, across the street from the square, there were small groups of unmasked, occasionally hooting and snickering good old boys.
Holding Trump-Pence signs.
The most disruptive thing that happened was some guy in a big, loud pickup truck.
Festooned with Trump-Pence banners.
Drove around the town square three times.
Honking.
But there were sheriff's deputies there.
And nothing happened.
Nothing really terrible happened.
The busload of professional anti-file looters must have had a flat.
Or maybe they surrendered.
Chickened out and ran away because all those conservatives promising that they were going to be there with Second Amendment presence.
That's what they call it.
Second Amendment presence.
For the safety of this God-fearing town.
To protect it from the teenagers and boomers.
Boomers?
Yeah.
Teenagers and boomers talking on a very small PA about nature and sustainability and justice and all that stuff.
And, in fact, there was a lot of talk about Jesus.
And there were very, very touching things.
A lady who was a Holocaust survivor that works at the White House.
The wildlife preserve nearby spoke.
I got teared up several times.
They had to import a black speaker from Arlington.
But another black guy showed up who didn't know that this rally was happening.
He works at the supermarket.
And I'd seen him, you know, nodded to him several times.
Joked around with him a little bit.
He was just driving home through town.
And he saw all these white people standing in a town square holding Black Lives Matter signs.
And he grabbed the mic.
He walked up and started talking.
He didn't grab the mic.
He started just talking to everybody.
He didn't realize that he had accidentally started during the eight and a half minute silence.
But that was okay with me because I really wasn't looking forward to that anyway.
I get stiff.
But he was there.
He was just flabbergasted.
And gave a kind of an interesting speech.
And afterwards the profile people got on Facebook and lied and lied.
Said, oh, there's only a dozen people there.
And none of them wore masks.
Just...
The truth never really fits their childish agendas.
Because the complex is not really as simple as they are.
I'm sorry.
The complex is complex.
And some of us like it that way.
Now the other war that's going on in this town...
Well, the profile people sounded on Facebook, sounded really disappointed that the promised civil war never happened.
And they never got to use their Second Amendment presence.
They tell each other that no Democrat has a gun.
Or knows how to run a motorboat.
Yeah.
But it was weird.
You know, instead for just one evening, the town square was kind of like at Christmas.
It exuded an atmosphere of love.
As long as you didn't go across the street.
But right there in the town square, it was just like...
It was like Christmas.
It was really...
Sweet.
I say that at risk of being corny, but there you go.
Now we've also got in this town, people are really opposed to wearing masks.
They're finally starting to believe maybe the COVID's real.
Although they keep having secondhand reports of empty hospitals.
It's like...
Oh, I keep...
The media...
The media keeps saying Texas hospitals, they don't even have an emergency room.
I drive by the hospital and there wasn't even a car in the parking lot.
You know, it's just anecdotal crap that they teach each other.
And, you know, the masks, they honestly believe that the masks are just a tool to soften us up and get us obeying the deep state world government child molesting rulers.
So that when Bill Gates starts selling his vaccine, we'll all fall for it.
And be turned into autistic slaves, you know, or something.
And, yeah, the mask is the mark of the beast.
Mask of the beast.
Frankly, friends, I think those folks got the mark of the beast on them when they joined Facebook.
And, uh...
I'm gonna read from a science fiction book that's...
I hope is, in fact, science fiction.
It's, uh...
Fall...
Fall by Neal Stephenson.
The great Neal Stephenson.
I'm so jealous of him, I want to cut his fingers off so he can't write anymore.
Because he's so good.
Anyway...
This...
Part of this book takes place in...
A really divided America.
It's divided into...
Blue states, which are really just big cities.
And Ameristan.
Ameristan starts about when you get to the first Walmart.
In your town.
We don't even have a Walmart here.
And, um...
I'm gonna read a few little excerpts from this because it gets into something about...
Where the internet might be going.
That is quite scary.
Um...
So, these characters...
They're talking about...
What happens when the rural people...
Have to get sick.
Or, you know, they have to go to a big town like Iowa City.
Where the big hospital is.
Like another country to them.
But they have to go there when they get sick.
Like to get a melanoma.

When they get a melanoma whacked off or whatever.
They can't afford blue state hotel rooms or food.
So they have to camp out on the periphery.
And cook over propane burners under tarps.
Uh...
And somebody else says something about dentistry.
Our friend Ted here has normal people teeth.
Because he's old.
And grew up before this part of the world got Facebooked.
After that, the people with education...
Fled to places like Ames, Des Moines...
And Iowa City.
Which includes dentists.
A few mainline churches used to run charity dental clinics.
Where you could get a bad tooth pulled.
Or whatever.
But those are being chased away by these people.
Indicating...
The giant cross outside town.
With people crucified on it.
Do they ever cross the river?
When they get desperate...
Or some meme convinces them it's a good idea.
They follow these weird edit streams.
No one knows where they come from.
I looked at one of them once.
I thought it would be conspiracy theory stuff.
But it wasn't even coherent enough to be called that.
Yeah, the whole point of a conspiracy theory...
Is that it offers a kind of false coherence.
But what I saw didn't even rise to that standard.
Didn't even know about it.
It was just plain weird.
Algorithmically generated...
Mishmash images, sounds...
No sense to it at all.
Just whatever worked.
In the sense of getting the viewer to watch a little more.
They use eye tracking.
So you don't even have to click.
But every so often, whoever's behind it...
Whoever generates the stream.
Assuming it's a human anywhere in that loop.
Will put it into the minds of these people.
And then bad things can happen.
And...
They try to cross a river.
Or cross a bridge.
But it's been all shot up.
The infrastructure is damaged real bad.
Their fathers believed the people in the cities...
Actually gave a shit enough about them...
To want to come and take their guns and other property.
So they put money they didn't really have...
Into stockpiling trillions of rounds.
And hunkered down waiting for the elites...
To come confiscate their stuff.
There's no use for any of it.
So they come here sometimes and vote with bullets.
Just shooting at bridges.
And then here's the really scary part.
About the nonsense internet...
That these rural people have lost their minds to.
The guy says...
Bronze age shepherds may have been one step above cavemen...
But at least they were reality based.
Very much so.
And that goes on being more or less true for quite a while.
Now theater and later movies...
Eventually got us into the realm of shared hallucinations.
But those are neatly boxed in space and time.
And there's a ceremony to them.
He's basically saying...
Since...
It's only since wireless networks...
Got fast enough to stream pictures to portable devices...
That everything changed.
And enabled each individual to live 24-7...
In their own personalized hallucination stream.
And if you're still tied to reality...
By family or some kind of regularizing influence in your life...
Like having a job...
Then you've got a fighting chance.
But these people...
Each person out there is getting their own personalized stream...
Of algorithmically generated alternate reality...
That is locked in a feedback loop with their pulse.
Blink right and so on.
You're not going to get very far...
Trying to get one of these people...
To tear his attention away from that...
So you can relate a story about some guy...
2000 years ago...
Feeding a large number of people...
With a few loaves and fishes.
And...
And...
Yeah...
It's Fall by Neal Stephenson.
I'm watching that happen.
On my local small town Facebook page.
So...
Where's my...
What time is it?
Oh my gosh!
I'm going to wrap this stuff up.
It's not just right-wingers, of course.
I get lots of letters from...
Wokies.
That consider me to be a sexist, fascist right-winger.
Because I didn't hate that one guy they hate...
As much as I was supposed to hate him.
So they hate me even more.
Um...
If...
Pink Facebook subgeniuses...
Who can't even speak...
Spell Bob right!
And...
Of course they're shift key challenged.
So the quote marks are really onerous for them.
But...
Subginos we call them.
Subgenius in name only.
We thought the internet...
The world brain would make everyone...
It would be like free education for everybody.
And it is for some of us.
But...
It also just makes dumb people dumber.
It...
It's confirmation bias.
Um...
Anyway, this is where I would normally...
Mock the funny names of Starwood workshops.
That could be taken two different ways.
But there weren't any.
They were all pretty straight forward.
And...
Um...
I had...
More wonderful quotes that I could read.
There's...
I'm sure a lot of Starwood people have read them.
I've read Good Omens.
By...
It's not worth...
Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman.
Wrote this book Good Omens.
Has this wonderful bit about witches.
That's hilarious.
Uh...
But...
Um...
Heh...
And a wonderful thing about aliens.
In fact I will...
I've got to do a little bit...
This is...
This is how the...
The aliens see us.
This guy actually gets...
Pulled over by...
A flying saucer.
An alien cop gets out.
With like cool hand Luke shades on.
And says...
Is this your planet?
Is it?
I've got to do this in kind of...
British accent.
Well yes I suppose it is.
Had it long have we?
Oh...
Not personally.
I mean as a species.
About half a million years I think.
Uh huh.
Been letting the old acid rain build up a bit have we?
We so.
Been letting ourselves go a bit with the old hydrocarbons perhaps?
I'm sorry.
Could you tell me your planet's albedo sir?
Uh...
No...
I'm sorry to have to tell you sir.
That your polar ice caps are below regulation size for a planet of this category.
Oh dear.
We'll overlook it on this occasion sir.
Oh...
I'll see to it.
I mean...
I say I.
I think Antarctica belongs to everyone or something like that.
The aliens show up.
Shook it's head vaguely.
Turned around and waddled back to the saucer.
Thank you.
The small alien walked past the car.
CO2 level up .5% it rasped.
Giving him a meaningful look.
You do know that you could find yourself charged with being a dominant species while under
the influence of impulse driven capitalism don't you?
Then they fly away.
way. And I had an even better thing, but it's too long, from this book, Eyelash, by Reverend
Nikolai Kingsley, which isn't published yet because we're going to publish it. It's a
science fiction book and it's wonderful. And we're very, very small fish in a really big,
nasty pond. The descriptions of it are great, but we'll just have to wait for the next Starwood.
And I was ready to do a mass marriage. I guess I still can. That's sort of traditional. I can't
actually see all the couples, but we're all going to be married after this. I'll shorten it down
to...
And this is...
And this is...
This is just a 24-hour, so it's only going to last until this time tomorrow.
Do you, in cert name here, take this, whatever it is, in cert name here, to be your lawful
wedded whatever, in short duration, subgenius matrimony, to have and to hold, in fact to
do just about damn near anything you each year it agrees to do, for richer or poorer,
in sickness and kinkiness, for the next 24 hours, for whatever sick and twisted, but
no less blessed reasons, for the next...
Say I do!
I do!
Oh, look at that.
They did.
I could hear some of them.
I do!
And then you get out the ring or the temple of Devoe if you don't have a ring.
Mm-hmm.
And do that.
And you must now all kiss each other.
I do.
Mwah, mwah, mwah.
Mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah.
And if you don't, you make a mockery of the sacred tradition of marriage.
There.
That's done.
Oh, two bits of news.
On my...
YouTube page, friends, I finally learned how to do playlists.
And I made a Starwood playlist.
Including the 1990 Starwood.
It's really short.
But I surreptitiously took some videos there.
And there's nothing...
Nobody's going to get in trouble.
Nobody looks anything like they did then.
You won't hardly recognize anybody.
So...
So true.
Yeah.
And there's...
I've actually filmed...
For a while, I was the Jane Goodall of the pagans.
I was about the only one allowed to shoot.
Because I knew I wasn't going to blow anybody's cover.
And I didn't.
I have lots of footage and you can't see it.
But someday, when everybody's dead, it'll be interesting.
So...
And that shouldn't be long, according to the news.
Anyway, so we can do a quick Q&A now.
For...
How long do we have, Princess?
We've...
Ten minutes or so?
This will be the first time that I can actually hear the questions.
Without people translating.
Reverend Stein, how would you like to do that?
Do you want all the microphones turned on at once?
Or do you just want...
No, we should do them one at a time.
One at a time?
Yeah, let people unmute themselves.
Yeah, but yeah.
That would be...
Maybe that would be a good idea.
Is that...
Let people unmute themselves or raise a hand or something.
Their raise your hand button or some such.
Oh, the other news I was going to say.
Okay, my YouTube.
Just go to subgenius.com.
It's easy to find.
And you'll have to scroll for my Starwood playlist.
But just under the playlist, there's a Starwood one.
There's Subgenius one and KittyCats one.
Most people like the Cats one best.
Oh, here's a question.
From McCartney and Jennifer.
Paul McCartney, I thought you were dead.
Second Amendment presence.
Does that mean they're bringing guns for Antifa?
Yes.
Second Amendment presence means guns.
And it's kind of a pointless threat.
In rural farm country, everybody's packing.
And they always have been.
It was always legal.
They recently...
Texas legalized open carry.
But only the most insecure numbskulls walk around with a six-gun showing.
It's just stupid.
On account of...
Everybody's got either a rifle on the back of their pickup.
My mom and my sister always had a handgun under the seat.
For shooting snipers.
And that's what it takes, if nothing else.
But, I mean, seriously.
So that's not surprising, but yeah, that's a code.
Second Amendment presence, that's code for...
We're gonna be there with our guns.
And scare you libtards.
Oops, I said it.
That was the word I wasn't going to use.
No, I really shouldn't.
I, that's...
But it's kind of...
I'm appropriating it from them.
You know, that's...
I've been called that name indirectly.
Some of these names have been called names...
many times it was kind of like you know I just appropriated it but then I kind
of remembered well still got tarred in it penny Godwin what is the best way to
contact you subgenius.com contacts page it's got my phone number where it says
the office phone number that's the one on my hip nobody ever calls the except
crazy people the the best way is staying at subgenius.com I've had that same
email address for since the last century staying at subgenius.com easy quick I
don't have to struggle to hear on the phone I'm kind of deaf you see there's
got to be more questions princess we took your question writing page away
okay
my better half is on the other side of the room actually I could turn this
background off it's not showing Bob anymore I could show our I could show us
staying ranch this is our cult compound actually that right there is just an old
horse barn there's the cult compound yeah there's the weird-looking rocks
that's actually wow that's actually in town that's not on our pride so is that
ruin there
then after that start showing Stanked Ranch at the old buzzards roost and and
the goat pasture and the Frankenstein's hay barn it's a room that's our house
every what do you recommend is the best way to storm the gates so what's the
best way to storm the gates we may have to all pile on Washington DC in Mississippi City and políticas Washington DC and Etbles Jordan above Mississippi City so our
take down the wall.
You don't have to storm the gates.
You can come to see our Destructionist
Evidence Museum
that I'm forming.
In fact, it showed
one of our devil skeletons in the
background on that slideshow there.
We have
fossils. There's a lot
of fossils here. It's
dinosaur track country.
We actually have dinosaur tracks.
We also have very
rare ghost dinosaur
tracks, the tracks of ghost
dinosaurs. We found the skeleton
of two cave subgeniuses.
We call those Adam and Eve,
although it's really Adam and Steve.
We have an alien, a crashed
gray alien that must have
died in the Cretaceous
period. All of these things are about 100,000
years old. Here's a dinosaur.
There's a dinosaur valley
state park is nearby.
There really is a creationist
museum. It is hilarious.
I was afraid to go to the creationist
museum for so long like a vampire
in church.
An atheist friend of ours
convinced me to go.
It was well
worth the $14.
I still just chuckle
thinking about those fake
mantras. Who are
you voting for?
That's a personal question.
Yvonne wants to know.
Well, I mean, my friend
Vermin Supreme is listening.
So, you know, I mean, just
what am I going to say? I can't say.
I can't say
where is my
Vermin Supreme pen?
That's right. You can't show anything
off here. However,
if I decide that I'm
throwing away a vote, I might change
my mind. I was
the one guy
that thought George W. Bush couldn't
possibly get reelected.
So I voted third party.
So it was my fault.
Because he won by one vote.
Don't waste it, man.
2015.
I stood at Starwood
and told y'all
don't be sure
that
what's-her-name is going to win.
I've
been monitoring the right wing.
It's an unhealthy,
unethical, unethical, unethical
hobby. I've been monitoring it my
whole life. I kind of grew up
kind of in it.
And
I had a sinking
feeling that we'd get a big surprise
in the election.
2016.
Told you.
Tried to warn you.
There are people out there that
never voted in their lives
that voted in that election.
Most of them don't know how to read. Didn't know how to read.
Didn't know what voting was. But they got
each other all worked up.
Yes, they did. The Chinese
and Russian stuff about the criminal Clintons
didn't help either.
They probably all are criminals,
but they're not guilty of what they say
they're guilty of. They can get them from
stuff they are guilty of. Gah!
Exactly.
Yeah, those conspiracy theories
are pretty brutal. Who are you voting for?
Bob! Don't blame
me! I voted for Bob!
Actually, you can buy a button from our
Cafe Press store.
It's the
Don't blame me, I voted for Bob
button. The problem is
if you did vote for Bob last time,
I'm sorry. I blame you.
I wouldn't do a thing like that.
We've got Furman Supreme!
He's much more
visible than Bob. I was hoping
that
I was glad that we did
that we didn't need Furman's help
at crowd control when we had the
small town BLM
rally.
All the pictures in the background, by the way,
are dream scoped
pictures of the ranch
and the family. There's our devil skeleton.
That one's more
recent. That's a fairly recent devil skeleton.
It's not fossilized.
That's a fossil.
So, friends,
is it, or am I
supposed to go for until 515?
Yeah, until 515. Eric Schneider
would like to know, what is the proper way
to sacrifice our children by sending them
to school in the fall as mandated?
What is the best way to
sacrifice our children?
What should they wear?
By sending them to school in the fall
as mandated?
Well, I'm glad I don't have to
worry about that personally,
but I certainly do indirectly
because I've got three
grandsons in Dallas,
which right now is a hot,
you know, it's a real hot spot.
And my daughter
announced on Facebook that the kids,
her kids, will
not be going back to school.
They're sad because
they love school, but
she's not going to do that.
I'm sure there's lots of...
God, that's
a tough decision, man. That's a really
hard thing.
Hi, y'all.
Can I put this on
a gallery view?
Oh my God, I can see everybody now!
Whoa, it's just like
being at Starwood!
Yay!
Huh! That's
wonderful!
I see Tommy Amaba.
It was actually over, it's supposed to be over at
5, but Mandy wants to know that.
Mandy wants to know, are the subgeniuses
organizing the
Amish like the
Republicans did?
Well, you know, that's actually not a bad idea
because if you think about it,
if there was,
or I should say when
there's some horrible, gigantic
disaster, and all the
electronics are
fried, a solar flare
could do that, actually.
There won't
be anybody left after 25 years
except for Amish and
bikers. And
25 years after that, there won't be any,
everybody in America will be
biker Amish.
So there you go. We probably
should recruit more Amish.
We did, I
didn't know one, there is one
Amish subgenius, he's also a stand-up
comic. He's called the Amish,
the Amish comic.
Uh, he's
really, strangely enough, he's really
funny.
That's right.
We don't have Amish around here, we have Mennonites.
My shed was built
by Mennonites.
Sturdy, sturdy work.
Fine work. And they get the best
amphetamines I hear.
So, uh,
yeah,
here we are in the Matrix.
It's not so bad.
Like I say, the main thing,
my favorite thing
about Starwood is standing around chatting,
you know, to see people you don't
see very often.
You never, you don't get to
know them well enough to dislike
them at all.
Jeff McBride's show is starting now, so people are
starting to take out their speakers.
Is he doing magic?
Or just talking about it?
He has both.
Oh, okay.
I drove him to Starwood
uh,
I guess the last time he was there.
All the way, for some
reason he got flown into Cleveland or something
like that. He had to drive a long trip.
So we got to chat a whole lot.
And for about an hour,
he sat and did
card things with his hands.
He said every day, no matter where he is,
for a certain amount of time, he just does
this thing with his hands and a bunch of cards.
It's just a blur. You know, I could
barely see what was going on.
Maybe we were having a conversation the whole time.
Yeah,
you have to keep the muscle memory working,
and uh, yeah, you keep
your hands deck style.
It's pretty impressive to watch
a magician do that.
Oh, you have to stay in practice?
Yeah.
That's why I'm having so much trouble
masturbating now, I guess.
I'm not getting enough hours in.
But, yeah.
If I did that for an hour every day,
I'd be as good as Magnus at playing cards.
Dang. There you go.
Thank you
very much for your wisdom.
Oh,
and how do I end these things? Oh, yeah.
Repent! Quit your job!
Slack off! Price Bob!
Question authority! Or else!
And,
if they cannot see the humor
of it, let them mount up
upon themselves.
Yay!
Yay, yay, yay, yay, yay,
yay, yay, yay, yay,
yay, yay, yay, yay,
So, y'all go see Magnus.
Thank you very much for coming and
attending and being remarkably
quiet the whole time.
That's really funny now.
You can have that when the mics are turned off.
Now I'm going to go do the other stuff
that you do at Starwood
when you're not
working, when you don't have to do
a show in front of people.
When you're not on camera?
Yeah. Yeah, when you're not on camera.
And you know what that is?
Walk the dogs.
Praise, praise Bob.
Dogs need walks.
Tell Magnus hello for me.
Ah-oo-ga!
Ah-oo-ga!
Mandy is licking you.
