I felt it. It was one hell of a tweak.
What's noise to some people is music to others.
Recording in state-of-the-art three-dimensional sound.
Relax for a second. We'll play it back.
Happy when the digital age, huh?
The advanced digital signal processor.
I think a lot of people prefer the analog.
Listen to this.
Sapling, as you probably know by now,
is the digital technique of lifting musical bits and pieces
off of someone else's records
and using them to create sort of new ones.
Starting! Danger!
Danger!
Sapling.
Sapling.
Oh, I love it.
Pretty spot.
Within the Great Pyramid,
the secret chamber of the subgenius.
My God.
Oh, we've entered the man's...
What light and steam come from the special effects department
located below the pyramid?
Here, inside the heart of the mighty structure,
puzzling evidence broadcasts
from the inner chamber of the Great Pyramid.
Yeah, I'll teach you all how to talk on the radio.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.

Come on.

Come on.
Come on.
Come on.

Come on.
Come on.
Come on.


Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.


Welcome, dear friends,
to the subgenius
Hour of Slut.
Oh, I love it.
to get that. Meanwhile, you have some of these canapes and a hot buttered rum martini, and
I'll be right back as soon as I take care of this minor business matter.
Those executive types.
Many busy executives often ask me, how do you do it, Dr. Howell? How is it that you
do it?
Yeah, I wondered about that.
Oh, well, you just do what comes naturally, man, and I'm not going to make some graphic
description like that on the radio. Besides, you have to buy into my seminars. Now, listen
very carefully to the embedded messages in the following moments of our show. These will
tell you all you need to know.
Number is 617-LICK-OB.
Sampling.
Recorder and send them back to the OB record.
Sampling. Sampling.
Sampling.
What?
What?
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
got it. Almost. There! And yes, dear friends, that was from OBE's piece, Sampling. OBE being
out of band experience. Now, what was I going to put on here in the background? And of course,
Dr. Howell there speaking from the KPFA subgenius show. And yes, and I think this new piece that we
just got in the mail, I'm just going to let you listen to this and make of it of what you will.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
oh yes dear friends uh kindly bend over dr bizarro says that's right uh it's not
well you could tell it wasn't frank zappa but it's kind of hard to tell i think
this guy definitely owes an explanation to frank zappa and i'm sure he'll get his chance to do just
that but it is uh an amazing uh independent cassette which we got in the mail uh from dr
bizarro there at uh skokie illinois the a tape called the big machine
which is like a gigantic rock opera uh using subgenius uh doctrine and uh theology and uh
so forth the word bob it's quite an amazing thing to hear uh from somebody we didn't know
and uh and didn't know about makes me wonder how long it's been around well let's listen a little
while longer shall we
so
so
so
you
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
And you, needless to say, you may not get the very best price for it.
If he wants to buy your car, you'll sell him your car.
If he wants you to sell him your house, you'll sell him your house.
If he wants you to sell your kid, you'll sell your kid.
And if he wants you to sell him something equally precious, your very soul,
you will sell that to the anti-bomb.
And you will not get the best price, my friend.
And now, whereas when Bob sells something to you, he will get the best price.
He's the greatest salesman the universe has ever known.
Whereas the anti-bomb is the greatest buyer of all time.
So that's the difference between the anti-bomb and Bob.
With Bob, you know, when he leaves, you've got something you didn't have before, aside from a debt.
You have some.
And you have some thing that Bob sold you.
And that's more important than any debt, my friend.
Even if it's something broken or an encyclopedia that's 40 years out of date.
The fact that it was Bob who sold it to you makes it much more valuable than any money you may have spent on it.
And whereas with the anti-bomb, he takes something away.
Sure, you may get money, but the fact that the anti-bomb is the one who took it.
It'll never be worth that money.
He takes away your slack, my friends.
That thing was slack until he bought it from you.
That's why he bought it.
Because it was your slack.
He took it away.
Bob sells you his slack.
And it's the purest, purest slack there is, my friend.
It's the juiciest, richest, most orgasmic slack.
This slack.
The slack that Bob sells you.
It's so seething and broiling with pure, pure slackfulness.
It gets me all excited just thinking about it.
Yes.
Yes, friends.
So we shall praise Bob.
And we shall get on back.
Oh, we may play some of the tapes of the Starwood.
And some more funny cartoon music.
The Peckerwoods on parade.
And some more bizarro The Big Machine.
But you know, I think just because we've gotten on this sort of Zappa-esque,
I mean, I would have to say grotesquely more than Zappa-esque approach,
it brings to mind my friend Joe Newman.
With his Rudy Schwartz project down in Austin.
And it just makes me want to play this song that's not so much a Zappa.
Joe Newman is not, he's the ultimate Zappa fan.
But he's not so much a Zappa wannabe as someone who, you know, took the ball, picked up the ball and ran with it.
Okay.
So here's Joe Newman's little...
Little sad but inspiring ode to the great Frank Zappa.
Oh yes, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Andre.

Okay.
You guys...
Go ahead.

Come to me.


That's right, yeah.



Are you ready to get started.
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
That is just so much fun.
Let's listen to this for a second.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Tony, you are disgraced and you have proven yourself a coward.
You have therefore no function.
You are obsolete for that lot.
Oh, God.
You are obsolete!
I hate you!
I hate you!
Please follow the yellow rubber line to the back of the auditorium.
Who is that?
Is that a minister?
Usually they have this fake glassy stare.
Kind of like people in B-movies or alien peapods that come from outer space and try to invade their body like they're part of the world.
You know, they smile.
You know, they're good at turning others into zombies like glass eyes.
They smile.
They're good at turning others into zombies like glass eyes.
It's funny, like I just said that.
Since the final stages of the total collection of the big machine have not yet been completed,
we as a society may still have one last chance to get the plugs out of our asses,
crush the conspiracy, put the bad guys in jail, get the girl,
and maybe still have enough.
Could this be something that could turn the reverse of the
end credits into a smash match?
Dude, I'm Rodrigo and we've gotten through this.
It's gonna be withجerblendinstuchist.com.
hak responds to своихwsjökull proceeded with enjoyed молодое
Here we go back into the big machine, dear friends.
The big...
Oh, I have to get back.
The cigarettes laid in the ice cream dish and the room was sort of darkened.
But the TV showed some bearded guy and a girl with blowjob lips.
Some talk show host was flapping on.
Then a lady shows you her tampon and a guy with a gun just blew away.
Some dude in a pickup truck.
It's the only way to find out all about it.
Well, I really can't imagine life without it.
Never want to lose that glassy stare.
Well, I wonder how did they get in there?
Then I switched to channel 45 as a white-haired guy was crying.
With a huff and a puff, I had enough, so I turned on channel 9.
Some guy was blowing on a saxophone with a sexy voice.
A girl on the telephone just begging me please to call her up so we can have some fun.
I never want to know my life without it.
It's the only way to find out all about it.
Never want to lose that glassy stare.
Well, I wonder how did they get in there?
This is Maryland TV Television.
And here comes our masculine galloping hero.
To save the girl tied up on the tracks while the bad guys rob the stagecoach.
I'd like to thank all my special guests tonight.
Who would like to thank all their special guests tonight?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
You know, these guys are so wonderful.
You know, these guys are working at McDonald's or something.
Right, guys?
Hey, how about that band?
Take them out, buddy.
We were trying to stop this puritanism that has helped turn human beings into these violent, bloodthirsty, killer apes that they are today.
Although, after last night I've been thinking, well, what's wrong with those violent, bloody, killer apes?
But the point is, the Church of the Subgenius,
we don't have any choice.
We have to sweep over the face of America or time itself will stop.
That's a pretty serious end of the world.
Bob has a better end of the world in mind.
We like to call it the practical joke that we don't stick around for.
Oh, but then, you know, the normals think this is all a funny, funny joke.
And I suppose it is.
If you look at it this way, that Bob Dobbs is the stand-up comic,
the planet Earth is the straight man,
and the punchline is the end of all normal human reality.
There are vast, bodiless intentions out there.
Intentions of dark and light we call the Elder Gods.
Locked in a titanic, constant struggle.
And we are their weapons, their bullets against one another
in the coming apocalyptic storms of the near future.
July 5th, 1998, at 7 o'clock a.m.,
the Chosen Ones, the high unpredictables of the Church of the Subgenius,
under the last Bob, will be rewarded in that great rupture.
X day, when the so-called men from Planet Earth,


the planet X, will come, and we faithful shall be lifted up
in power and glory to the escape vessels of the sex goddesses,
so-called because they're monochromosomal,
fleeing, but while enjoying on live TV the cataclysms on Earth,
while being transfigured into overmen and uberwomen and ovarymen,
superior mutants, dear friends, who will lead a new race,
the master race, because it comes in all colors, all shapes,
sizes, genders, sexes, and so forth, to Dimension X,
will be led to Dimension X, the promised kingdom,
the pleasure dimension of eternal slack and cytor-spasmic ooze-squirt.
Sounds good, doesn't it?
And believe it or not, it's not really very expensive at all.
If you choose the door that Bob Dobbs holds open,
you will be whisked aboard the excess pleasure saucers,
and the green carpet will be rolled out for you,
your every whim catered to and satisfied,
before you even think to ask,
because they know what you really want.
And not just for a few years either, friends,
it'll be for all eternity.
This church offers you two, count them, two paradises,
a technological paradise starting in 1998, if you live so long,
and buy your ordination,
your disdainment package from the church, your subscription,
and a metaphysical paradise after you die.
One heaven and one hell, I mean, give me a break.
You know, in my father's midway, there are many bumper car rides,
as Bob said.
And by the time you get to the Christian heaven,
you'll be wishing to God you'd made it to subgenius hell, my friend.
And you have to go through subgenius hell,
because subgenius hell is a party.
It's a giant party, all your friends will be down there.
But you have to go through it,
or else subgenius heaven would literally be too eye-wateringly pleasurable
for you to handle.
Subgenius hell is like the boot camp that gets you ready
for the infinite pleasures of subgenius heaven,
or Asgard, as we call it,
after you pass through just a very few short eternities in the normal hell.
The startling truth is, friends,
there is a heaven, and you can buy your way into it.
In fact, you must be saved even if it kills you.
So join the church of the subgenius, friends,
and meet your clandestiny.
As Dr. Alice A.D. once said,
slavery under Dobbs is preferable to freedom under any government.
When you fight to the death of your path,



Oh now you have a lot of information.
You okay, Dr. Alice?

Dr. On saved.
Dai co energy?
You're just a part of the machine.
There's nothing we've done that we don't see.
There's cameras watching you from every place.
You ought to know by now, we know your face.
I'm not a teenage jerk no more.
You know we're in control.
And we're not afraid to fight.

We can make you do.
Suck in the front like an orc-bred whore.
You're in the football pool at work.
There's lots and lots and lots of work to do.
It's not just what you know, but who you blew.
Promotions.
And the title is our ploy.
If you're the type to be our whipping boy.
I'm just a part of the big machine.
And bend a little further so we can slip it in.
I'm just a part of the big machine.
I'm just a part of the big machine.
I'm just a part of the big machine.
I'm just a part of the big machine.
You know we're in control.
And we can make you do.
I'm just a part of the big machine.
Now bend a little further.
I'm just a part of the big machine.

I'm just a part of the big machine.
Pick up...
Hold on while the cop Doogee picks up the machine.

thoughtful pose in still frame at this point so the listening audience can close their
eyes for a while and kind of get into the cool keyboard thang happening here.
Picture if you will a lone outcast spurned by his so-called peers, coddled by his fawning mother,
berated by his masculine father, and lost in a world without slack or meaning. His name,
Doug Smith.
And only child of an average home in an average town on a lonely planet called Earth. His fate
to be swept up in the pre-apocalyptic world of the mighty church of the subgenius. None know why he
alone is chosen for none can fathom the myriad plots of this most devious of cults. But even
the spawn of the normals must bend beneath the moronic will of J.R. Bob Dobbs. In
the sense that the name of this character is not the name of the cult. This is a story of a man who

is forced to call a pink boy comes to Babylon.
Last week in episode one Doug Smith was given his first pamphlet of subgenius literature by a strange
man in black. His home life though horrible was exposed and Frank the steroid enhanced bully was
taught a lesson by the 43 year old hairy pedestrian who came to Doug's aid promising salvation for just
a dollar. Episode two.
Leave me alone I'm slacking off the scene
hallway outside the fitted
toilet of the Smiths decaying domes aisle.
what are you doing in there?
leave me alone uses the second idea
like that
when I was a basic trade at we have
fellers who do that and we took them out.
Oh, now, dear, don't you hurt yourself again.
You just wait till the saucers come.
Then you'll be sorry.
You don't talk that way to me, soldier.
You, ah, a shrapnel wound.
Don't, don't, don't listen to your, listen to your father.
He does that sometimes, too, and I have that not-so-fresh feeling.
Ah, do not.
I'm a fully functional male despite all my injuries.
I don't have to resort to unnatural acts.
Now, now, that's not true.
Ever since I gained that last 100 pounds or so, you've been doing it a lot.
You stink like an overripe latrine, woman.
I don't do that stuff.
It's unbecoming a soldier.
You remember that, boy.
Oh, God, yeah.
Don't you lie to the boy.
You're useless and bad ever since you had those three feet of intestines removed.
Mom, I don't know if I want to hear this.
It's probably some conspiracy lies anyway.
I might have more desires.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I guess you're more interested in my desires for coupling if you weren't such a bloated,
walrus-faced hag.
Huh.
Well, I haven't had an orgasm in 13 years, outside of leaning against a washing machine
when I don't spin cycle.
You shut up, woman.
I'm twice the man you can handle.
Oh.
Oh, boy.
Son, son, son, get the hypothermic needle and your father's medicine.
Right.
I'll get your insulin.
You know, you should try FROP instead. It'll probably work better, and you only have to do it once.
Bring me my beer while you're in the refrigerator, boy. Quick, boy, move.
Yeah, I'll get you a Twinkie, too.
You just do what you're told, boy.
Good one, son.
Well, Dougie's home life seems unchanged since the advent of the Church of the Subgenius in his life.
Will the wondrous yet terrible prophecies revealed to him in his first pamphlet from Bob and his horde of hoary minions come true for pathetic little Douglas?
Only time and faith will tell.
Let's follow his trail of tears to his high school and watch his progress with his so-called, uh, peers.
And more importantly, the lovely and voluptuous Ashley.
Hubba hubba!
Hootie, hootie, hootie.
Gee, Doug. You seem almost apathetic today instead of your normal chronic depression.
I am! No longer will Frank be able to lord over me. Everything is so clear. My life has changed.
I now realize the stench from the fat kids was just a natural safeguard to protect myself from rejection by the obese.
Gym class is so much better. The hook's fell down when the major eds hung me up today.
I've got slack! Ha ha ha ha!
And I know really well, I'm just a little bit of a loser.

I realize the reflecting lasers isn't that bad. My bite can act as a defense for all the subgenii who are victims of the physics club's light experiments.
I found a place at lunch. I stole the chess team's damn queen and sold her to Big Barbara.
She funnels her more than me. I think I found my niche. Remember the hairy guy in the church coat?
He's my mentor now, and he took care of Frank. All my problems with Frank. Hey, watch this.
Oh, wait. I don't think this is such a good idea, Doug.
Uh, don't worry. Bob can do anything. See?
He protects me from you and your bullying, Frank! Nice cast, by the way.
Doug, you're dead. Casts are very useful as instruments of pain.
Didn't you see The Longest Yard? That's one of my favorite films.
Yeah!
Ha! My mentor, the Man in Black, is waiting for the holy commands of JR Bob Dobbs!
You try anything, and you'll taste a stark fist of removal!
Oh, that guy. Oh, hey, I don't see him.
Yeah, he's talking to Daisy!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Ha ha!

Ha ha!

Ha ha!
Ha ha!




Ha ha!
Ha ha!




Gee, Doug. I didn't think you could bend your knees that way.
A small price to pay for sanity. Darn it, he even took my wallet. That Frank sure learns fast.
Oh, sorry about that.
That's okay. I've still got Bob in my pocket. See this pamphlet? Bob can do anything.
Yeah?
Can he make a rip-proof pamphlet?
Hey, Frank! Put that down! That's my salvation you're holding!
Doug had thought he had found the... slack. Supposedly in the words of JR Bob Dobbs' cult pamphlet.
But it seems he was sadly mistaken. The rest of the day at school seemed even more depressing, as time and time again, little Dougie Smith was hurled around the school.






Hurled to the floor, painfully reliving every horrible experience of his school days a thousand-fold.
Each episode of torture made even more painful by the brief glimpse of light and hope that Bob's maniacal cult had fostered in his impressionable young mind.
Is the whole church a joke perpetrated by the strange, foghorn-leghorn-esque, hairy-pelted spaceman?
Or is Doug somehow...
unworthy...
unworthy...
unworthy...
unworthy...
unworthy...
unworthy...
unworthy...
unworthy...
unworthy...
unworthy...
unworthy...
unworthy...
unworthy...

unworthy...
unworthy...












unptserststsufck
un quickest
un toner
unptsee
une
unptsee
óg
UUN fal
UAAAUAUυ
Why is Bob forsaking me?!
You know,
You know,
Yeah, I know you. Yeah, you, dancing to Totally 80s.
Don't you know you're going to be crushed beneath the weight of your collection of A-tracks?
And you, looking in the fridge for a 2 a.m. snack.
Don't you know? Soylent Green is people!
Look, you evil scum, no longer will I be your lackey.
The earth shall be my liege.
Third reign supreme.
The ground is calling my name.
Yes! Yes! Here I come!
No more ridicule! No more slack!
No more light at the end of the tunnel!
Goodbye, cruel world!
Hello, Jehovah One!
Whoa there, son! Don't jump, plummet that is.
You seem to got your panties all bunched up in a wad.
But you were doing fine just then.
You really? I say you really opened yourself up to the abnormality potential within yourself.
Come on over here, boy.
What? I can't. You're a perched force.
I mean, your story's up on the flagpole.
Oh, yeah.
How'd you get up there anyway?
Now, let's not get nosy, son.
But I'd say I digress.
Now, I know you were all frustrated, right?
Right.
But it helped fuel the fans and the flames and all that stuff you hate.
Until, I say, it boiled over in a torment of miscellogenizing.
Oh.
Mind spew, that is.
Right?
Uh...
Oh, wait, let me put it this way.
If somebody gets in your face, act like a nut, maniac that is.
And if you do what you did just now, you'll scare the immovable poop out of them.
And they'll run away and die and stuff like that.
Huh. Cool.
Yeah, it's the power of the rant, boy.
A true subgenius can go on a verbal bay-roge that can shatter souls.
Blow minds and rip, I say, rip the earth asunder.
Got that?
Uh, yep.
Yeah, right.
Now, oh yeah, and here, here's these tracks.
Take these to the copy store and Xerox them and cut them up and give them out to everybody.
All the kiddies and stuff.
And put them in the library books and on the urinals and all that stuff.
Bob wants you to freak, I say, freak the school out, son.
I'll do it, Mr. Man in Black.
Huh?
Where'd he go?
To the library.

Tune in next week for the next exciting episode of the continuing story we are forced to call
A Pink Boy Comes to Bobalon.
Same Bob time, same Bob station.
Oh, man.
Well, dear friends, like you, probably, I don't know quite what to think of A Pink Boy Comes to Bobalon,
uh, which is the...
This is one of the other odd new tapes we got in which someone had worked very hard
and taken the teachings of Bob and the materials from the holy books and turned them, in this
case, into a rather amateurishly performed but sort of well-written play, radio play.
It's kind of, like I say, I have mixed feelings about it, but I thought that I would spring
that on you.
Just, you know, what the heck.
Uh, I have certain personal problems with the, uh, this particular, some of the name choices in the,
uh, but anyway, uh, but you know, you know, the subgenius way forgives lousy microphones, or at least
I certainly hope so.
In this particular case that we're listening to right now.
And, uh, you know, and it forgives youth.
Yes, the folly of youth, which I, these guys sound like, uh, kids, you know.
They're just a bunch of kids.
They're probably high school or college kids or some such thing.
Somewhere I had a, a, uh, letter from them and it's gone away.
So many things have gone, oh wait, here they are.
I think more comes to bubble on from, uh, Reverend Alec Abdul Alhazred Lidell, apparently.
Uh, John Ling.
Yes.
Reverend Maynard and who you can run Montgomery, Alabama, where you could write two to five Colgate drive Montgomery, Alabama.
Three, six, one.
Oh, man.
And I'm going to be a little bit more.




But of course, uh, friends, that is not the, uh, phone number of the church of the subgenius.
Uh, no, the phone number of the church of the subgenius, the actual subgenius foundation from which, uh, uh, this, uh, entirety of this radio broadcast, uh, comes from, uh, not counting individual pieces by the individual makers.
Uh, let me tell you where to write for free information on the church of the subgenius friends.
I just write to Bob.
At P O box.
One four zero three zero six.
That's right.
Friends box one four O three O six in beautiful Dallas, Texas.
Seven five two one four.
Yes.
That's the phone number of the church box.
One four O three O six Dallas, Texas.
Five two one four.
Ah, yes.
So let's all now all climb right back into that big machine.
Oh,
Oh,
Is I'm not quite.
Do you know?
I think you want too long.
Uh,
it's well.

Three O four.
What are you doing in the bathroom?


Beginning mor sekali.
Be there.

And even though you don't even know it, we can blow up the smithereens.
Now just forget the big house with two cars and all the money they make you spend.
Cause if you keep letting them control you, you'll get it right in the end.
And if you don't watch out, they will drive you insane.
Insane.
Because the cable you let them put up your ass goes right up to your brain.
Your brain, your brain.
This is your brain on drugs, oh yeah.
This is your brain on drugs.
This is your brain on drugs.
My ten rules of the wisdom of ignorance.
Carved into these stone tablets here by the tip of my holy rod.
Never take anything too seriously.
Place no value in things that are easily replaced.
Seek not to control.
Control anything but yourselves.
You owneth nothing.
All things are unknown.
Worship neither money nor the concepts of money.
For both are vengeful gods.
Empty your mind of all human knowledge.
For everything you know is wrong.
Only that which can standeth up under ridicule is truly perfect.
Kill no one you disagree with.
It only proves their point.
Weareth not either your hair or your clothes in any manner consistent with any educational, religious, or religious doctrine.





Ghosted by the stories of following the先生.
He
Let no one beat
you
You need to give time to explicitly determine

and how more wholesome they are
or how the role of the religion
or of religion
has nobeliev eşs
nor efforts
toaby
raise your skin
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
