What you're going to hear about today is nothing short of a miracle.
It's dramatically new, made possible only through years of research, inventions, and innovation.
The Self-Genius Power of Squat.
The Self-Genius Power of Squat
Somebody call a wrecker
Somebody call a lawyer, I need to find you
Somebody's whiplash, blindsided, rear-ended
Somebody call a priest, I'm the lost wise man from the east
And I got to town long after the party ended
Somebody call a priest, I'm the lost wise man from the east

Somebody call a wrecker
Somebody call a wrecker
Somebody call a wrecker
Somebody call a junk man
Never lived in my heart but a tin can
And it's banging like a screen door
I'm thinking like a city
It'll be a miracle if I live
Somebody call a wrecker
Somebody call a wrecker
Somebody call a wrecker
Somebody call a tasman

Somebody scream some sea
Somebody who still can't deem themselves
Somebody call behind some Hamel, life, disco, Ralph soup
darkness behind a single Raceway bridge
the urgent have moved. From Austin, Texas,
just when a pro-Austin documentary crew
decided to make a big documentary about the Church of the Subgenius.
Luckily for us, a bright, shining light on the Subgenius
road,
also in Austin, in the form of Reverend Anna Mall
appeared, and I made sure to interview
her, lest the filmmakers miss her late coming glory. But wait!
We're going to go to those interviews, but first let's go
even further back in time to 1981.
No, 1991.
And the Phenomicon Convention of Weirdness in
Atlanta, Georgia. That was even
weirder. Because one of the many
this weirdo celebrity guest was
unearthed than Pope Bob, Robert Anton Wilson,
co-author of Illuminatus and founder of a whole
philosophy of trippy enlightenment popularized by him.
Pope Bob was one of my heroes, so you can imagine
my pride as I filmed him as he lit into
this fervent Bob-praising subgenius rant
that had us in the Atlanta audience just knuckle-walking
to Jerusalem.
Who could be more



Did all. So then I accepted
into my pineal gland. And suddenly, things were as bad
as ever, but they were funny. I could laugh at there.
With the divine vision of Arise, I had become a genuine 24-karat loony.
And I was happy.
When Ronald Reagan was elected president, I laughed for three whole days.
People were digging tunnels.
People were hiding in caves.
People were trying to escape.
I was sitting there laughing like a lunatic because I had Arise in my pineal gland.
But then, then, I had only achieved bliss.
I had not achieved enlightenment.
Then I let Bob into my bank account.
Within 24 hours, I was flat on my ass broke.
What?
I?
I had slack.
I had great Bob.
Slack! Slack! Slack! Slack! Slack! Slack! Slack! Slack! Slack! Slack! Slack! Slack! Slack! Slack! Slack! bow my die yo
I won't. I won't.
I want to tell you some of the miracles that Bob makes possible.
This afternoon I was on a panel.
We were talking about Masonic symbolism on the dollar bill.
Somebody pointed out there's a penis on the dollar bill.
I have studied that dollar bill for 20 years,
finding the Star of David on it,
finding all sorts of... I couldn't find the penis.
I went to my spiritual leader in the Church of the Subgenius
and I said, why can't I find the penis on the dollar bill?
He said, you need frock.
Frock, frock.
Once I got the frock, I could see a penis not only on the dollar bill,
but on the $5 bill, the $10 bill, even the $23 bill.
My eyes were opened and I knew it was...
This might even...
This might even replace the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
It was the sacred willy of Pee Wee Herman.
It was the sign given unto this generation,
our last chance for freedom.
They've taken everything else away from us.
Tim Leary told me recently,
he was walking and he was on a streetcar,
he was in San Francisco, he was up there to give a lecture.
Somebody came up and started mumbling something.
Tim thought he was a beggar and gave him $5.
The guy handed him a bag. It was full of crack.
Tim said, what the hell has happened to this country?
I can't buy pot in Beverly Hills.
I just get off a plane in San Francisco
and I bought crack without even knowing it.
That's what they have done.
They have taken away all the good drugs
and they've dumped all this lousy crack on us.
We pay more taxes.
It's the conspiracy.
We pay more taxes than medieval serfs did in the dark ages.
They work one month of the year to pay their taxes.
We work five months of the year to pay our taxes.
They've taken everything else away
and now they're trying to take our goddamn willies away.
They arrested this man just for playing with his willy,
which everybody does.
Now that may seem like a sexist remark,
but you all know, those of you who don't have willies,
you know what you play with.
It's called the clitoris.
Now they are trying to take that away from us.
Having reduced us to total misery,
raising the mortgage rates higher than ever,
looting the S&Ls, destroying the economy
so that it's dead in the water, as one congressman said recently.
We've got nothing left.
And now they're trying to take our willies away.
You can't even play with your goddamn willy anymore
or they'll throw you in jail.
The only rebellion that makes sense
is to write in Pee Wee Herman for president.
Tell all your friends,
put it in bottles and throw it in the water.
Write it on billboards.
Get rubber stamps made and put it on every envelope.
Send it to everybody in Congress.
Send it to all the newspapers.
Pee Wee Herman for president.
Give us back our willies.
Look how many arrived at this state.
For 20 years we've had one president after another
who looks like he doesn't even have a willy.
Now we've got George Bush
who got elected only because he appeals to the most mean,
the most mean streaks and the most puritanical middle Americans.
He looks like a man who hasn't had a blowjob in 20 years.
Can we stand a president like that?
Can any country survive being ruled by a man
who looks like he hasn't had a blowjob in 20 years?
Give us back our willies.
Bob is on our side.
We can't hold.
You've got to kidnap one of those people.
You've built Your Anthea in today's administration.
The Hai Tay,
it has had an incredibly dangerous and
devastating impact on the heads and backs
of every single crime in the nation.
We've Courtesy of All of Them
and DidChar ねci Orlando
I'm back to Dallas
And take my razor and my gun
Ah yeah
A lot of people looking for trouble
Man, I'm sure gonna give them some
I believe, oh Dallas
Man, it's the neatest town I know
I believe that Dallas
Man, it's the neatest town I know
Man, cause you ain't safe in Dallas
Yeah, I don't care where you go
You know that I ain't evil
Man, just having fun
So much to say in Texas
Bound to step inside
I'm back to Dallas
And take my razor and my gun
And if people are looking for trouble
Sure gonna give them some
I believe, oh Dallas
Man, I'm sure gonna give them some
I believe, oh Dallas
Man, just having fun
Sure gonna give them some
I believe, oh Dallas

Sure gonna give them some
I believe, oh Dallas
Johnny Winter knew Dallas like I did, friends.
It's a money town.
But we survived.
I recently had to go back to Dallas last week, twice.
But only for brief stays at the DFW airport
going to and from that hoary, mist-shrouded city of Porto in Portugal
in order to secure a secure private recording.
And testimony deposition
from Dr. G. Gordon Gordon, early subgenius scholar and adventurer.
I'm G. Gordon Gordon, mercenary of mercy,
pope of the southern hemisphere, and the left fist of dogs.
Well, I was living in Bolivia.
I had a cattle ranch on the eastern slopes of the Andes.
And a friend came to visit me from the states.
And he brought me some books.
And he brought me a copy of the church pamphlet, the first pamphlet.
And I read it and went, whoa.
I'm gonna find out more about this.
So I immediately sat down and wrote a letter because the guy told me,
well I understand he'll write back to you if you write him, whoever he was.
Reverend Stang, I presume.
And so I wrote him a letter.
Threw a hundred dollar bill in it and demanded a copy of the book of the subgenius,
which hadn't been written yet, but I didn't know that.
So I started receiving these packages from Dallas with all sorts of things in them.
And through that I got hooked into some other people who were also in the church.
And the next thing I knew we were exchanging tape cassettes
and talking to one another over two continents.
And it just kept snowballing and snowballing.
And the more I knew, the more I knew.
I got involved.
The more I liked it and the more fun it became.
And the more interesting the people were that I kept contacting through this.
So yeah, it was a great thing to get hooked into,
especially when you're living in the middle of nowhere with no electricity
and nothing but cows for company.
So yeah, that's how I became involved in the church.
Okay, so this is a documentary about the church.
And people say, well, what does it mean to you?
And I, you know, it means a lot.
It means that I have been in touch for, God, nearly 40 years
with a whole bunch of rather different human beings whose company I enjoy,
even though I don't like them sometimes,
who are fun even though they're not funny sometimes.
But over these years I have maintained a relationship with these people
who I met through the church, who are all members of the church,
from the beginning.
And of course along the way you meet a few people who came in later
and they become friends.
But basically I think I really like the church because it's composed of a bunch
of disaffected people who have fun and aren't taking life as seriously
as everybody thinks they should.
I mean, you've got one go around.
You know, there's not going to be a rapture.
You're not going to float up to heaven.
There's no hell.
You're not going to go, you know, it's just you've got it now and that's it.
And these people realize that.
And we all get together from time to time and have a good time.
The rest of the time we live our lives.
We go on being who we are and what we are.
We communicate with one another, not as frequently as we used to
because nobody makes audio cassettes anymore, unfortunately.
But that's how the church doctrine was forged on tape recorders.
But it was mostly the conversations that it wrapped around those tape recordings.
And so, yeah, the church means a lot to me because, I mean,
I don't wake up every morning and praise Bob.
Probably I should, but I don't.
But I just have all these people that I know because of the church,
people that live all over the world now, including me.
And I don't think my life would have been anywhere near
as fulfilling or as much fun if I had not read that pamphlet
in the middle of the Bolivian jungle in 1980.
And that really did change my life.
And that's when I got out of the church
and that's when I'm still getting out of the church.
And if that's not good enough, well, just as Bob would say,
put that in your pipe and smoke it.
Anna Moll, telecommute janitor for the Church of the Subgenius.
I have a question.
I'm not either a doctor nor a reverend.
I have donated enough to surpass all of those titles
and create my own as overlord.
So in the early 90s, I started hanging out with these guys in Austin,
and they showed me these books and these posters and these stencils
and this wonderful art around town.
And it was a bunch of really interactive, fun things to do,
which I was into, it turns out.
And I decided to follow along.
And I was in a room with a couple of friends,
and they said, we're going to have a revival at the Cavity Club.
And this is a big, empty room that didn't even have a bar.
And it was a BYOB place, and it was 18 and up.
So I had to sneak in the back and do the fencing.
And they had this pulpit at the front
and this huge room of people just swarming to get on stage
and rant madly about stuff.
And I'm pretty sure this was in 90 or 91.
And this was right about when I met people like Reverend Pinto
and Steve Topstuffing and things you may or may not be familiar with.
But they both just really got me into the mix,
and they got me to listen to their rants
and explain to me how it's so fantastic to be a part of this new thing,
or newer thing.
Newish thing?
At that point, I'm not sure.
It was new to me.
How much of a religion did it seem like?
The fact that there were reverends and doctors,
which is, as far as I'm concerned, both varieties of snake oil salesmen,
it was very religious an experience.
It was very spiritual an experience.
I had transcended reality and met the people of the churches
of the subgenius.
I think I had spontaneously mutated even more at that point,
or my latent mutant abilities were just meshed into my system,
just went boop, and there they were.
Boom. Animal.
The churches of the subgenius influenced my abilities as a mutant just tenfold.
I was able to emerge as a surrealist artist in that scene
and just really sell this garbage as art.
People bought it. It was fantastic.
It was so much fun.
I was able to clearly grab ahold of that wool and pull it over my own eyes.
Then, boom, I was happy and successful.
I don't know. I was doing stuff.
I wasn't doing that stuff before.
When I was a part of it, we got to get up and be part of the performances.
We got to talk to bands and get them involved.
We got to get all these really great things happening.
Club owners would let us inside without paying.
I was down. It's Austin.
Currently, we're doing the Thorazine Urine Pod Crust
with a few other members of the church.
We've got Dr. Shoggoth, Dr. Bruhaha, my favorite witch doctor,
and Fnord, and Pease.
We've got a lot of people.
There's always Pease.
We get together and jam online via...
We use the internet and we all get into this live video chat together.
We throw out and just bounce ideas off of each other and record those sessions.
Sometimes it's just noises.
Sometimes it's actually funny and good.
Then we put that together after months of not doing jack diddly with it.
Then we edit it together and we have a 14-minute show or something.
We have so many hours of backlogged stuff to edit.
It's ridiculous.
We might be doing this show for a while if we keep it at 14 minutes.
What did you say?
Who me?
Yeah.
Just now?
Just now.
I just said who me.
Oh, that's good.
I thought you were asking...
I thought you were saying...
Making a statement about how sad it was that there are so many orphan tears.
Oh, yeah.
Yes.
We are drowning in orphan tears.
Drowning in orphan tears here next day.
Such a plentiful amount.
You know, I have to apologize.
This has become a sad...
It isn't sad.
Depressing debut, podcast debut.
Not depressing.
Impressive, I think.
It's impressive amount.
Well...
So I got a new kitty.
Kitty.
Okay.
You still have that.
Go ahead.
She's adorable.
You own that kitten.
Yep.
She is mine.
What's your kitten's name?
My kitten's name is Clementine.
Clementine.
Yes.
Wait.
Is that Clementine of the murderous clan of Clementines?
All kittens known killers.
Clementines, especially.
I remember...

I remember the time that my own Clementine variety cat brought in a nest of baby birds.
She's only done bugs so far.
She hasn't graduated to anything feathered or...
Just you wait.
It's going to be great.
You're going to be the...
You know, your final screams or your screams are going to be the final sounds of what the
bird hears before it is eviscerated and become consumed by your kitten.
Clementine, so cute.
Yeah.
So cute.
I'm actually just waiting for the day when...
It's so sweet.
It's a little buggy thing.
Seriously.
We have feral cats out here at X Day.
There are feral cats out there?
There is the ghost cat.
I saw the ghost cat.
The white cat?
Is that what you're talking about?
There is a ghost.
It's not a real feral cat.
It is a ghost cat.
I saw it.
It was out behind my tent.
Yes.
It was out in the circle, the stone circle, preparing for the alien landing.
It went out there to make sure that everything was safe.

Everything, all the other ghosts, the unwelcome ghosts were taken care of and cleared out
of the way.
That's good luck when a ghost cat...
Thanks, ghost cat.
Absolutely.
...crosses your path.
Not named Clementine, though.
Correct.
If you could name a ghost cat, what would you name it?
Sharon.
Sharon's the best cat name ever.
Not Stacy.
That's for damn sure.
No.
Sharon or Stacy, I think.
Not Stacy.
Not Stacy.
I'm going to go out there and I'm going to talk to Sharon.
I'm going to go out there and I'm going to talk to Sharon.

It's going to help out her amongst us in the building.
Again, we've got querying around us today as well.
The Hepburn voters really just spent a lot of Aboriginal women doing things that we
didn't do until we got there.
No, not at all.
No one took influencer interviews or made any sort of
claims toугing braucht our authority.
That's true.
Thank you.
I believe that, yeah.
Well, the good thing about the subgrade products,
they sell really well to the subgenius people.
And so we've got a really nice fan base of people that listen in
and just really enjoy the show.
You know, there are certain diners that are our sponsor,
whether they like it or not, that we started using.
And you can go to the Thorazine Urine Pod Crust and find that one out.
Now, I actually got $5 sent to me from them the other day in the mail
as a thank you.
That's more than I've made off our Slack lately.
I know.
Actually, that's not true.
We do have people who donate.
You probably have five and a quarter.
It is five bucks a show, though, basically.
It was very interesting because this church thing,
as we started meeting one another and talking about it,
we realized that we...
we were making stuff up.
I mean, there was the basic idea of who Bob was
and what the church was,
but there were a lot of gaps,
a lot of unsaid, unwritten things.
And we found that when we got together and started talking about it,
all of a sudden it would be like a word jam,
just like jazz musicians get together and start playing on a theme
and pretty soon they're each contributing something new.
We would start talking about it,
talking about Bob or the church or Connie or whatever.
And all of a sudden it would just start going.
And somebody invariably had a tape recorder going there,
usually Stan.
And so it got recorded.
And sometimes we'd go for a while and Stan would say,
well, that's a whole chapter of the book right there.
And we'd go, what?
Because we were just having fun.
But that's how...
I mean, we had this network of people who made cassettes to one another,
if you remember.
If you remember cassettes.
And we sent them back and forth, back and forth.
And people would think of something about Bob or the church
and they'd put it on a cassette and send it to somebody.
And they would think about what he said or she said.
And then they would add something.
And it all ended up in Dallas.
And so that's sort of how the church got fleshed out,
was by this sort of free form, free association word jam
that took place on two or three continents.
And it was a very powerful influence at the time.
So yeah, that's how the book was written pretty much.
Just a bunch of guys and girls talking about stuff.
You know, I've been part of the Church of the Subgenius
for over two decades at this point.
And it is absolutely such a powerful influence on my life.
I had no idea how much it had actually molded my existence
into what I am today, which is unemployed,
but extremely successful.
Extremely happy.
And a giant talking bat.
I would not have achieved, or a telecommute janitor.
I did not know that job even existed.
But it turns out I can phone that shit in.
I don't know if you can say that, but...
In that format.
But yeah, I was able to meet other people, like-minded.
And it provides a space for us to be legitimately weird.
Not just kind of weird or a little kooky or Austin weird.
But like legitimately mutated, this is what I've got,
and I can't help it kind of weird, you know?
And it's one of those things where...
And everybody's welcome.
It is a completely inclusive environment to where...
I mean, you can get ticked off at anybody.
It's great.
It's like, you know, if you're the kind of person that feels
like isolating yourself into a tiny room in front of a screen
that flickers messages of hate towards you,
we got a spot for that.
If you want to like see puppies and kitties, you know,
and guys smoking pipes, we got a place for that.
We got, you know, tits, we got a place for that.
Everybody's welcome.
It's so awesome.
And I have met so many people that I would not have otherwise met
because of that, and interesting people, which is amazing.
That's one of my favoritest things.
Group projects that never finish because we get angry.
It is like, no, it's...
We have group projects that actually turn out that are really great.
And then the random jams that we can just like, well,
I've got this funky instrument that I just made out of these wires
and knobs and what have yous.
And it's like, oh, cool.
I just made this funky instrument.
Oh, really?
Cool.
Well, I'm going to go over in this corner and warble on a microphone.
Oh, great.
I brought a kazoo.
And then you have this amazing ensemble for three hours or so
during an X Day event.
And it's just, you know, it's like we party like it's the end of the world.
You can't be that.
You can't get it.
The meaning of slack.
This has been debated.
This has been argued about.
There are more arguments about what slack is.
Sort of like, I think the basic idea is that when you're born,
you have this little loose thing inside you.
And as things come up against you, as you get against problems,
people insult you, your job gets you fired, you're fired.


You're fired.



But the thing is, as things change down, this tightens up and tightens up
like a rope being twisted tighter and tighter and tighter until you're just like,
ah, and then something happens.
Whether it's you quit your job or you meet an absolutely beautiful girl
who thinks you're a nice guy or, uh, I don't know.
Something happens and then it's alright.
It loosens and that's slack.
Slack is that period where you're there.
You're there.
and everything is just good.
Sometimes it's a song.
Sometimes it's a grilled cheese sandwich.
Sometimes it's a nice cold beer.
But it's what gives you that feeling that,
yeah, this is good.
That's what slack means to me.
Sometimes it's just having a good job.
You have a good job and you like it
and you like what you're doing.
That's slack at work.
And a lot of people don't have that.
Very few people have that.
But, you know, the only time I ever had work with slack
was when I was working with disadvantaged children
because I felt like I was actually doing something,
you know, with all these rather damaged little human beings.
But it was a great job because you were getting a reward
of what you were doing was good.
So that was slack because slack is what makes you,
yeah, just be there and it's nice.
This is good.
And that's slack to me.
That's what it means.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Nothing works perfectly.
And if you don't get that down,
you're never going to have a very good life
because you're going to expect things to go right.
And they don't.
And it's a joke.
It's a house of tricks.
That's all it is.
And so, yeah, it's a joke.
And if you don't get it, well, fuck you.
You know, it's your problem, not mine.
I can take the joke.
I understand what it's about.
You don't, it's your problem.
And that's what it means to me.
When did the joke go too far?
What joke?
You're talking about the church?
It's not a joke.
How can it go too far?
Oh, that's a silly question. I'm sorry.
I mean, it took me two years to rededicate myself to the subgenius lifestyle.
Stang comes down to Austin to a club called Bob Popular.
And this is a jock bar with daiquiris and crap.
It was someplace where I would never, ever step foot in otherwise.
And then all of a sudden, there's this back courtyard area that you can smoke cigarettes in.
Well, you could smoke inside then, too.
But up to this tiny room.
And it's like, I don't know, maybe a 20 by 30 room.
It's like we were all jammed in there.
And there was one other person standing there, you know, drinking what I was drinking and smoking.
And it was like, oh, you're it.
Let's, you know, we got married for two whole weeks.
It was great.
Notch of the bell.
Boom.
You know, it's like no other marriage would have lasted that long for me.
So it was really great.
And we're still frenemies.
So there's that.
And in fact, Oz and Ian were people that helped put on divivals at clubs like Atomic Cafe,
Alicia.
And I can't remember the other one.
But we had other divivals to parallel with X Day happening in Ohio because we were too slack-filled to make it north.
Oh, well, everybody's got to have somebody to look down on, you know.
You've got to have someone to say that I'm better than you.
And even though it's not true, it just helps you in your everyday little meanderings.
But if it was an us, then there's a them.
And the church is us.
So there has to be a them.
And them is the people who just buy into everything that's normal.
They buy the latest fashions.
They line up for days to buy the newest iPhone.
They camp out to get tickets for the rock show.
They go to class reunions every year in some hotel somewhere.
They go to football games to cheer for their teams.
All of this is normal.
What we call pink.
Because we sort of see things as either black or white.
Although we kind of live in the gray area.
We think things are black and white.
And so pink is not black.
It's not white.
It's just not part of what we want anything to do with.
So pink.
And pink boys, you know, just the normals.
The people who wear those stupid clothes.
The people who take pictures of their food every time they sit down to eat.
You know, the guys with the weird neck beards.
The people that only drink craft brewed.
And people who, you know, I don't touch gluten.
I don't eat nightshade plants.
Those are the pinks.
They're intolerable.
Because they're all artificial.
None of what they believe is true.
And none of what they do has any meaning.
And so we don't like them.
In fact, if we were capable of hate.
Well, we are.
And we hate them.
In fact, G. Gordon Gordon has made a masterful study of hate.
And I have the kind of hate that can blow up your head.
I can have a filling station at a hundred yards if I don't want it to be there.
But that's what pink is.
And that's what normal is.
It's to be shunned.
To be eschewed.
To be cast aside into the wilderness.
So that the true subgenius can stride forth.
And take the world in his hand.
I'm hoping you might let me have you if you have brain disease.
I'm shallow.
I think that you're shit.
But will you pretend that you care and have sex with me?
If I write you a pop song.
Close your eyes and act like it's Prince Harry.
When I write you a pop song.
Pop song.
My fluids wash out if you rinse.
Don't you know it feels so right.
On a Bunch-O-Bee video night.
Yank at my cords when I pee.
And I'll write you a pop song.
Rub it on the tcat's chest.
If you get introduced to rosin.
I find the Jeanette he me in.
The Avents depende de perfect peutre.

Don't lock yourself up through the doors of your house.
Like you say that boys gotta somethin'.
Time is a revolution and as we go we're weak.
Pops on
Pops on
I'm betting
You're sweating
At the thought of my rockish white hair
On the nape of your neck
Don't squirt me

Too fast
Let's make it last
Moments like these
Can do nothing but release
Ask me the reason
Get down when I ride you
A pops on
Pops on
Lubricants flavored with mint
When I ride you
A pops on
Pops on
Close your eyes and act like it's Prince
Don't you know
It feels so right
On a Bon Jovi video night
Yank at my cords
When I pitch
And I'll write you a pops on
Don't you know
It feels so right
On a Michael Jackson
Coors beer night
Tug at my balls
When I pitch
And I'll write you a pops on
Pops on
Pops on
My darling
Pops on
When I look into your eyes
I see nothing
I see nothing
Pops on
Pops on
Pops on

Pops on
Pops on
Pops on
Pops on
and you get really good at like doing dumb stuff in that time of waiting like
you have to come up with new stuff and that's why you know I can't get employed
because I'm just gonna feel like I'm leaving something that I put time into
if I get abducted by a spaceship you know if they come and get me I don't
leave things like half done I want to leave them not done at all see that's
the whole point of it you know we need to remember that there's not just a
bunch of guys in this organization there are tons of uber women tons of
yeti kin of all sorts of all flavors and I love every bit of it the variety you
cannot beat the mutant variety of this group of people and if you are not
amazed by someone that you meet in the Church of subgenius then you have
mutated too much and we're probably worshiping you thanks Bob
I mean isn't that kind of like
you know I mean I think that's the thing that's the thing that's the thing that's
the thing that's the thing that's the thing that's the thing that's the thing that's
I'm just gonna assume that he had just evolved to a point to where he could do
all the things that he did Bob yeah I'm just gonna sit right happens around it
that's what I'm talking about just kind of stand there going yeah right that's
why the people just wouldn't be like people get mad at me cuz people put
money at me I'm just like oh get away and take the money and like stop it and
they're like you know I'm like I'm like you know I'm like I'm like you know I'm
Likee that network over time!
Why do people try and give you money I never get handed money for stuff and
nothing and like it's like you all you do is like whatever you want people give
you money for like yes that is embracing the power of a mutint abilities like
what you can develop over time is to get paid for slack I think that's you know
Yeah you have it you have it going on quite a lot
Well, I mean, I had to carry out some heavy sacks of mail today, but it only took me about an hour to address those.
Did you really have to do it, though?
Yeah, yeah. Some of them were 10 days over.
But those are dates that you imposed on yourself by setting it up to be sold in the first place.
Oh, yeah.
So that's your own creation. I'm saying, like, other people's... yeah.
There was a lot of talk earlier in the church about, oh, it's just a boys' club.
Just a bunch of stupid guys.
But then we had a convention in Chicago, and it was 1980, I think it was.
And, you know, all of the high pontiffs of the church were sitting at the table with their microphones,
pontificating about Bob and how wonderful things were and how great the church was.
And all of the ladies of the church, wives, girlfriends, sisters,
just got so tired.
So basically, they got out and threw us all off stage, took the microphones away,
had a whole list of demands, some of which were not very nice, especially for poor old Bob,
and stopped the whole convention because they were tired of the men taking over.
So anytime anybody says the church is just a boys' club, they've got to remember that it's not.
There's a lot of women, girls, females.
Whatever you want to call them in the church.
And, you know, they're not pushed around.
They are uberfems.
They don't take any shit off anybody.
And I think people who say, meh, meh, meh, meh, you know, all this whining and butthurt about the girls don't have any say in this,
it's not true.
And I think it's a very widely accepted fact that within this church, everybody is equal.
You know, you don't have to be Ivan Stang to get respect.
You're just who you are.
And we all respect one another for who we are.
And the women are just as respected as the men.
They're not toys.
They're not play things.
They're uberfems.
They're lady pontiffs, if you want it, you know.
And so I think that the church,
is a very widespread, all-embracing organization.
And it's lasted for as long as it has because it means something.
It has always meant something.
It's a forum, if you wish,
for those people who have always been reaching out
to find someone who felt and thought the same way they did.
And it shouldn't be thought of as like the Nazis in 1930,
because, or,
the people in the United States now who are a part of that deplorable majority or minority.
These are just normal human beings who really didn't realize there were people like them.
And that's what the church is about.
And people find out that, yeah, there are people who like this.
There are people who do the same things I do.
We are all just part of this group of people who think and act along similar lines.
Not alike, because we're all different.
But we are people who think, who create, who act out what we do.
And the church gives us room to do that.
And that's about all I've got to say.
I am G. Gordon Gordon,
Mercenary of Mercy,
Pope of the Southern Hemisphere,
and the Left Fist of Dogs.
Remember kids,
if it's being recorded,
it isn't real.
If it's being recorded,
it isn't real.
Thank God.
This message brought to you by...
Boop!
Leave a message at the beep.
Boop!
Is this a whoopee cushion?
Yeah, whoopsie whoopsie.
Oh!
We can make a heart here.
Wait, yes, that is right.
That is correct.
If you are a guest here on the Thursey Neuron Pod Crust,
you too can possibly inflate a,
give your DNA sample to the whoopee cushion of...
Slurp!
Here it comes.
Or play the piano that makes the farts, burps,
and vomit noises.
Wow.
Thank you for your sample, Reverend Recurse.
Oh, into the mic, please.
I'm such an amateur.
We need so many sounds into that microphone.
It is not, not even funny.
Eleven.
Copyright infringement is your best entertainment value.
I don't know if you're familiar with the beds.
Speaking of eleven.
Is that a Crystal Pepsi?
This is, this is, I'm sorry, what?
I said, is that a Crystal Pepsi?
They...
Yes, it's actually...
What year is this?
1984.
Holy shit.
Was where, no, no, no, I mean, it's not, I mean, it's definitely not 1998, but it is
definitely a Crystal Pepsi brought from 1995.
Oh, my God.
1984.
I mean, 84.
Still fizzy as all get out.
Still fizzy.
Still tastes like invisible Pepsi and brought to you by Argus Fox, the person that can kill
a God.
That's like, that's like a museum piece.
That's, that's amazing.
It's fizzy.
It is so delicious.
It is so delicious.
Remember, you too can have your dose of the Kool-Aid if you visit the Jim Jones Lemonade
Stand.
Ask for the special blend.
So, when does this kick in?
That's so, like, two hours ago, dude, you've asked me that 10 times now.
Hey Dr. Chaga, Dr. Chaga, Dr. Chaga, where you going, where you going Dr. Chaga?
I really need you over here Dr. Chaga.
Dr. Chaga, could you please come to the Google Hangout stage?
Dr. Chaga, Dr. Chaga, could you please come to the Google Hangout stage?
Can you please come to the Google Hangout stage?
If I don't have somebody to distract the possession of-
I'll return later.
Well that's not helpful at all.
Anyway, so who are you here with?
Who, me?
Yeah.
Just me, myself, and I.
So you don't see me at all, you're just talking to yourself?
Yeah.
That's awesome.
Well, I mean, I thought it was a little weird at first, but I'm getting more used
to it.
You're doing great.
Thank you.
Sometimes you have to externalize the inner voices.
Sometimes, you know-
Because everyone really is looking at you.
It's the only way you can talk back to them.
So, the asshole that always follows you, he always is in the mirror when you wake up.
How does he find you?
You've moved several times.
Mirror people, brought to you by Stamps.com.
Can you print stamps now?
Is that a thing?
You can print so many stamps.
Are you kidding me?
Have you visited Stamps.com lately?
Is that legal?
You can make custom stamps.
Oh, they will take your money and give you the legal ability to make- for the listeners
at home that aren't Scrub members, we would like to mention that that was air quotes around
the- they will make- they will take your money and you will be able to print as many stamps

as you paid for.
Can I design my own stamps?
You can design your own stamps.
You can- but it doesn't really work as effectively if you haven't been taking your daily doses
of Scrum.
Yes, please inhale the Flarp.
Don't just exhale into it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry, what?
Into the mic, your inner voice says.
Oh, I'm sorry, what did I say?
I- what did you just- I don't know.
I don't know.
As your inner voice, I only give guidance, not direction.
My inner voice is telling me I'm doing a not so great job.
The self-defeating lute that gives me warm comfort at night.
No wait, it's cold now, I'm gonna just pee.
My inner voice is an asshole.
Is this a-
I'm sorry, what?
Sorry?
You're in- you're in-
Oh, oh, I'm sorry.
Did I not- did I not project that directly?
I don't think you- I don't think you-
into the microphone.
What did you say your inner voice was?
My inner voice is an asshole.
Okay, so you're-
So you're an asshole.
Well, for now, yes.
Okay, just keeping it real.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean-
Pretty much.
Internally, you know.
But you know what?
It's okay.
You're gonna be saved in a matter of five hours and fifty-seven minutes.
You too will be on your own pleasure saucer in the next episode of Scrum.











The original meaning of that is that your inner voice is not allowed unless you like the cold
comfort of a cruel thought.
Do I get to keep my asshole at least?
Is that-
It- you know, it's your pleasure saucer.
Where are you going to keep it?
Uh, I don't know, my back pocket?
If you could keep your asshole in any pocket, which one would it be?
Here in my back pocket.
That's a good pocket.
That's appropriate.
That's a good pocket.
Thank you, Shazam.

You're welcome.
Thank you.


Oh.
Maybe you shouldn't keep it back there.
It seems angry.
Oh my goodness.
Is that natural rubber from the Amazon forest?
Did we kill not enough indigenous people to get the flarp made without the stench of the trees themselves?
It's okay.
I thought we had diluted it down enough to where it wouldn't still smell like that.
It's fair trade, so it's all we do.
Fair trade.
Fair trade whoopee cushions.
Whoopee cushions.
Whoopee cushions.
Brought to you.
Now available here at X Day only.
It is a Thor's Inurin Podcrust special offer.
You have, actually, right now is a great time, by the way, to wander up the hill and knock loud and hard on the cabin where Stang is staying.
And make him take your $35.
Please, please.
Stang, let me onto the saucers.
That is what you say.
You'll have to try very hard.
You have to say the magic words.
He's going to be having an angry look on his face.
You'll be tired, look at dark circles, possibly some sparks out of his ear.
That's okay.
It means he just popped off the charger a little too soon.
But he will still take your money if you say, here, I take my money.
What?
What?
kill me.
I'm not sure you want to give them the choice.
You really do. I mean, you don't
want to, but you do.
So I think we just passed the six
hour mark. Holy crap.
Now five hours and
55 minutes until the
landing of the exes to come
and save the day, or save
the ex day, taking the subgenius,
the true devout, the zealots,
the mind fuckery itself.
Of the Church of the Subgenius.
Up into outer space.
Through the stratosphere.
Off into the further regions
of unknown universes.
We will be out there floating,
laughing,
enjoying
the pleasures that we
delight so much in.
Remember, folks, it's
an interactive process here tonight
on the Thor's Inurium Podcross
Spectacular 100th episode.
You too can join us by walking
up to the mic at the front of the stage and speaking
into it. Otherwise, we are unable
to hear you and the
interactive experience will just
be forced at you instead.
Like you like it.
It'll just be active instead of interactive.
It's the active experience. We cannot
stop. The Thor's Inurium
Podcross is a podcross
that don't stop. Yo.
Or possibly it does. But only
after five hours
and fifty-four minutes. It pauses for a
cigarette every now and again. Pauses for a cigarette every now and then.
Possibly soon. Gosh, it's been
ages.
Somebody could just come up here and help
me kill time. It would be really
appreciated. I need an accomplice.
I need an accomplice.
I need someone up here to help me
kill time. It's not Murder
One if you're a helper.
And who is this?
I'm sorry. Somebody's thrusting food
at us, but it's okay because we have
all the food we need on the
pleasure saucer. Thank
you very much. Your fried
goods cannot help us
now.
Fried
goods are not help. Thank you, though.
I appreciate it. We actually need people
to interact with the microphone.
That is at the front of the stage. If you
care to come up and interact with us, please
remember, there's a live microphone
hot as the lava in the
molten core of this dying
planet. Apparently you have to speak
directly into it. Directly into the mic.
As closely
as possible. You are such a good learner.
I just want to give you a gold
star tonight. Aw. Thank you
so much. One of our finest guests.
Aw, I can't mean that.
What was your name again?
My name is Redacted.
This is going to be best in the transcripts
ever.
You can only spell it by blacking it out, unfortunately.
I actually know that language.
I read it
Right? That's
how we say it in my
hometown. Do the microphones
pick up nodding and shaking your head?
It's regional. It's colloquial.
Yeah. Okay.
Some do. Most of them don't.
Are you nodding or shaking your head
right now?
For the listeners at home,
we don't know either.
Don't make me look at him.
Don't make me look.
Yes, I was nodding. For the record.
So I take it, I need
to nod directly at the microphone in order
for it to pick up.
Oh my goodness.
I would like to thank Argus Fox
and Cosmac.
Somewhere out there they are.
But in the background, the music
they bring, it's so delightful.
It's so delicious. It's sounds
that can only
be heard here tonight
in the final hours
on Earth.
Enjoy them while you can.
Thank you.
How long do they got?
Looks like we're down to
5.51.
Five hours and 51 minutes.
Five hours and 51 minutes.
...
...
...
...
...
...

...

...



...








...
...
...
...
...
...
...


Don't mind me, I'm just staving off the possessed dolls that are running around the campgrounds,
finding the people that haven't paid up their $35.
Brothers and sisters, we're going to have church tonight.
And tonight, this speaker is Robin Rufus Johnson.
I want to smoke some weed and throw me a J.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
For letting me live another day.
Nigga, I'm high.
Nigga, you high.
Let's get high in the motherfucking sky.
Watch the butterflies hit the wall.
And if you're feeling down, give your boy a call.
Weed, it takes the stress away.
That's why Bazaar.
Smoke 10 blunts a day.
It's nothing but the sticky, icky green stuff.
Light it, pass it, and take a puff.
Having a bad day?
Stop by my house.
Because most likely, I got a blunt in my mouth.
So sit down, relax, and chill.
And if you don't smoke weed, then shit, I got some pills.
What you need, girl, a fucking refill?
A fat bag of weed and some Happy Meal?
Nah, baby, I don't smoke new ports.
Only fat bags of weed in this escort.
I wake up brazen.
Got to be dead.
I want to smoke some weed and Romeo and Jane.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
For letting me live another day.
Hey, hey.
Sunday morning, Bazaar half-baked.
Blunt in my mouth, watching TJ Drake.
Dangerous mind, just like Coolio.
Only church I know is Snoop Dogg's studio.
White House raps.
Rolled in my lap.


Grab the Hennessy.
Get the abs a tap.
I'm glad that I didn't move down soft.
Take care of my kids.
Be the man of the house.
Orange mushrooms and yellow stars.
Fat bags of Cheetos in mason jars.
Get in the lap.
Come on, jump in.
Bring a bottle of gin and two of your freaky friends.
Oh, fuck it.
Let's go to Cedar Point.
Bring your son along.
Shit, he can hit the joint.
Because rapping, it's a four-time job.
All I want is smoke weed and praise God.
Yeah.
I'm praising God every day.
I want to smoke some weed and throw me a J.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for letting me live another day.
Hey, hey.
Take it down.
Yeah.
We're going to slow it down right now.
We're having church up in here tonight.
It's the Reverend Rufus Johnson.
And we're sitting over here.
We're here at 1650 Coney.
And ladies and gentlemen, come and praise God with us at
Prairie Grace, Baptist, Catholic, Jehovah Witness, Tabernacle.
Yeah.
Come praise God.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Jesus.
Yeah.
Services.
Sunday at 420.
Burns and Sisters Sunday at 420.
Come on.
Praise God.
Just because you smoke weed don't mean you're a sinner.
Just because you smoke weed don't mean you don't believe in God.
Jesus will take care of you.
Jesus.
You need Jesus.
Rufus T. Johnson did that under the name Bizarre.
It's called the Gospel Weed Song.
And now.
White Rabbit.
Done by Bob Walkenhorst.
See the Rainmakers or subgenius.com.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Okay.
You can pray me when you're sinful.
We going to have to dance down on this thing.

When she was just a little girl
And if you go chasing rabbits
And you know you're going to fall
Tell them I'm the dog
Smoking cat in the lard
And it's getting you to call
Call Alice
When she's just gone
When the man on the chessboard
Didn't tell you where to go
And if you're just a soft guy
With lost room
And your mind is moving along
Call Alice
Call Alice
Call Alice
I think she'll know
With logic and proportion
If all is not the case
And your white night
Is softened backwards
And the reveries lost her head
Remember
Remember
What the call now
Said
Leave your head
Leave your head
Leave your head







