Thought and word and deed
For causes we would die for
And reasons to believe
Oh, I'm so sorry.
This was KNON 89.3 FM in Dallas, Texas, but...
But, but, well, I guess it still is, dear friends.
Oh, yes, welcome to the harvest, dear friends.
It's that reaping of eardrums that we call
the...
The Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
At number 208 this time,
and while we are yet still in the midst of
pledge drive fever,
we're gonna nonetheless strive to bring you
between our legless beggings,
our beggings that you call 823-7490
and pledge,
we're gonna strive to bring you
the true slack for which you've spent your whole life
toiling and toiling away.
For, my friends, we do not just ask,
nay, we give.
For four years we've been giving you oral slack.
And for what?
For what?
What do we get out of it?
You think we get paid to do this show?
Nay, nay.
In fact, we spend money on this show.
Well, maybe we break even
if we somehow get two memberships
out of each month of broadcast.
And see, most weeks we just get
those free information letters.
And what we send out is this sort of
tongue-in-cheek catalog.
Some of the recipients of those
may not understand that the products advertised
are, in fact, real.
And consequently, neither us nor the station
is exactly making out from doing this
death or at least mutilation-defying show.
So?
Why do we do it?
Eh, because we'd, we'd, we'd, honestly,
we'd feel too guilty if we didn't share
all the cool stuff
of which the subgenius church gets in the mail.
And therefore, don't you think you should feel guilty
in return, dear friend?
And, and like write us a check for $30 or so
here at 823-7490, some peddling amount like that.
Because otherwise we'll think of you as
scavengers, leeches, parasites, and gimme bobs.
Veritable slack vampires drawing off our precious supply
of life-giving slack.
But you see, if we think of you that way,
we'll gradually start programming the show that way.
And the next thing you know, it'll all be top 100 album hits.
We don't know.
We'd rather that you think of us as faithful friends
who call you up faithfully every Sunday night.
And so since you're about to call 823-7490 and pledge,
we're gonna trust you not to tell an embarrassing secret.
The upcoming top secret ears only tape
in which we deign to grant you this penetrating look
behind the scenes on hour of slack production techniques.
The way this magical web we weave is really done
when first we practice to deceive.
Ah, yes, and please dear friends, call 823-7490,
speak to Will O'Dobbs, or the mighty Reverend St. Trickster Shaman.
Yes, a mysterious character that you can speak to in person,
in real time, not tape time.
Not like what you're about to hear.
At some point in the future,
yes, all we have to do is flip in this little secret,
wait a minute, that's not the secret tape.
Where, where's this, where's the secret tape?
Oh.
I'm gonna start all over again.
I've got to start this damn show all over again.
Ah, I'm gonna start all over again.


I'm gonna start all over again.
Hold on just a second.
I can't leave this mobile studio out here with the lights on.
All right.
There's always a light to the station.
Light, light, light, light.
At least I've got this little portable thing
so that we can start the show whether I'm in the studio or not.
And here we have the, here we are finally
in the K&ON studios.
As you can see, oh, oh, the guard dog's trying to get out.
As you can see here, or would be able to see if the camera was working,
this huge bank of cassette and reel-to-reel decks
that are brought in each night for the hour, slack,
by the zombies, by the very Will O'Dobbs.
But, I mean, I'm not gonna lie,
tonight I wanted to do a thing where I,
a little how-to bit.
You know, a lot of people go,
how do you do this hour of slack thing, man?
And, it's computers is basically what it is.
Not only is the show written pretty much by computer,
of course, you know, there's some human interface there,
but it's also actually, believe it or not,
recorded and acted by computer simulation,
the simulation of human voices, dear friends.
And we use this Beast 9000 computer here,
excuse me, Will.
You can see with the, this booger has a 40,000 K RAM
and a 50,000 K U.
And essentially, we just type in the script
and fine-tune the machine until we get
the desired lifelike effect of human speech.
And we can program that.
We can program in the voices of any subgenius ranter.
We've got about 25 people in the files with a,
well, we've been doing this for so long
that we've built up quite a library
of human-like vocal utterances.
And I will show you all,
oh, shoot, we're gonna have to,
we're gonna have to tune this guy out here.
Hold on just a second.
And I'll show you how we do a sample hour of slack show
without having to fly in people from all over the country.
Let's see if we got the,
first we type in the message here on the computer,
like so, just for an example here.
And then, I have to, hold on,
I'm gonna hurt your ears as I move you
to the back of the computer
where you can hear the pre-processed sound.
This is what it sounds like
before we actually add the human vocalizations.
Yeah.
This is the sound.
This is the sound of the bass,
and we are converting it onto online data.
Convert to sub-entry mode.
Then the database is transferred to the district memory
by a general computer.
And retrieve the line of radar
by special hardware.
These computers are the ones that can actually think.
So some experts still prefer to use the word mimic
to human brain.
There, there we go.
See?
That part is easy.
That's the easy part.
What we do next then is select this little portion here
and call that one Doug.
That will be the puzzling evidence voice.
And this section here will be the howl voice.
And now see, we have these voices,
digital samplings of these people's voices
and a huge database of syllables.
The tricky part is,
let's see, we add here the human emphasis simulator
with a pleasant and informative vocal tone.
And that will take care of them.
See, now we add sound effects with fractalization
and set the extemporaneous spin-off mode on
at 75% speed.
Use the general knowledge access file for,
now this, that is where we get the metaphorical bounce back,
we call it, so the voices appear to actually be interacting
with the sound effects before they say it.
And so let's, here, turn it on, listen to this.
You heard what it sounded like at first,
and here's the final version.
This is the show database,
and we're converting it onto online data.
Convert to sub-entry mode.
Then the database is transferred to the district memory
by a general purpose computer.
Then retrieved along a radar sweep line
by special purpose hardware.
These computers are the ones that can actually think,
though some experts still prefer to use the word mimic,
the human brain.
That means this bird is in your brain.
Or, conferra wise,
that a large brain is now inside a bird.
Some birds are little more than nature's flying brains.
Boing me.
Boing away.
Virtually nothing else exists in these organisms
except a large brain and a pair of wings
to steer it about through its environment.
How fun.
Natural selection has reduced this creature
to its present-day grotesque appearance,
but a perfect example of adaptability
and evolutionary speciation
in the marvelous Darwinian tapestry
we call life.
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.
Yeah.
No, no, no, stop.
All right.
Apparently some of you folks haven't gotten the message.
This is a pledge drive.
It still is.
We really do, well, the station,
needs you to call,
make that offer,
that small offer,
of thirty to a thousand dollars.
Well, heck, I mean, we'll take five.
But you won't get as much goods in the mail
with five.
In fact, you might not get any goods in the mail with thirty.
Depends on how well everybody else does
on their pledge drive shows.
Now, last week we had to do pledge drive,
and we raised about half of the money that we require.
If we can't get some more calls coming in tonight,
we're just gonna have to do this again next week.
However, as an incentive,
now, last week,
we read, we sang out in praise
the names of those who pledged.
Tonight, we're not gonna do that to you,
because it hurt us, believe me,
just as bad as it hurt you.
Instead, we have, we have this incredible electronic,
very expensive electronic device here
called the Punishment Tube.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I have the Punishment Tube.
Yes, I'm afraid, I'm afraid that everyone who calls in will...
It leaves the tip all red and raw.
That's right.
It does, and we're going to do that to Will
and Reverend Trickster here,
for everyone who calls in will also
speak out your name through...
The Punishment Tube!
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, that's right.
See, I have to get back about five feet
from the microphone in order to read your name through...
The Punishment Tube!
...when you call in.
So, please do.
I mean, it's worth it.
Spend 30 bucks to hear your name read out through...
The Punishment Tube!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
And, uh,
uh, uh, uh, see, it's fun, man.
It's a, it's a fun and cool thing.
But, uh, you know, yeah, we're, I mean,
obviously, we're talking about money tonight.
This is a money show,
an evil kind of subject.
But, yeah, it's a wondrous subject, isn't it?
We're talking big, big money.
But there, there is more to life than money,
isn't there?
Isn't there?
I mean, after all, as, as God Jr. said
in that one bestseller,
man does not live by bread alone.
He lives also, uh, well, by woman.
Woman.
Good.
But, indeed, also by spiritual upliftment.
As illustrated in this long, hate-filled rant
about work, which I'm about to read.
Uh, this rant by St. Palmer Vreedes
of the Dobbs Co.
Board of Directors.
A pleasant little rant here called
Working for a Living.
It's been quite a while since I did any work,
so my memories of this subject are rather dim.
All I can really recall is that I've always regarded
work with blind, cold hatred
from the time I was a small child.
I believed to the depths of my soul
that the world owes me a living,
and whenever I had the misfortune to find myself at a job
paperboy, short-order cook, heraldic researcher,
blimp pilot, movie star, hitman, televangelist, whatever,
I felt that a horrible joke was being played out on me,
an evil betrayal of cosmic proportion.
Inevitably, though, I would soon be fired,
or even better, let go by my eternal nemesis,
the boss,
and would find myself back once again
at my preferred occupation,
staring at a blank wall and drinking
endless cups of strong black coffee.
Actually,
the world could care less about any of us.
To our planet, we're beneath notice.
Mere microscopic blobs of protoplasm,
short-lived food tubes crawling around on its crust,
moving the dust back and forth.
The real trick is to convince other humans
that a living is owed you.
Once you get enough gullible suckers to accept this patent nonsense,
sit back and wait for the bucks to roll in.
If it works for organized religions, stock exchanges, and governments,
it should work for you.
No matter how absurd or illogical your scheme is,
there will always be at least
three hundred people that'll take it seriously enough
to send you all their money,
and even die for you if you so desire.
Don't believe me?
Then send a $1,000 check or money order made out to me,
Ivan Stang,
care of this show,
and get in on the ground floor of
my very own personal monetary self-improvement program,
Something for Nothing.
A most big-time financial transaction
is Gradierte Leira,
who just bought her glazed-down
'll importantes headset on sale by the
Wee getting
misery and ruin
to all.
How did I come by this civilized outlook?
Think about it.
We all get just so many hours in our brief lives and then we die.
What's an hour of your life worth?
How much do you get an hour anyway?
.003 cents?
Minimum wage?
Five bucks? Ten? Fifty? Five thousand?
Whatever the amount,
it can never be enough to compensate for those irreplaceable minutes you spent doing something you never would have done at all
if some jackal hadn't taken advantage of your basic natural needs and bribed you with spurious promises of big pay.
Third world or first world, it's still the same con game.
In all actuality, most of your so-called desires are probably synthetically induced implants
produced using a vast spectrum of drugs.
The only way to get them is to use the same kind of brainwashing techniques
that you've been given by the very same pimps that hired you.
They're so skilled at this that you can even be aware of this subjugative mind control and not even care.
You might even like it.
If so, you're exactly where they want you.
On their leash, begging for treats.
Just be careful when they jerk your chain.
Sometimes your neck can snap.
And don't even expect your owners to give your family a chance to get you a job.
Or even a simple I'm sorry when they toss your broken body out into the street.
No need to go into the boredom, the harassment, the awful working conditions, the politics.
Those come with the territory.
Oh sure, you need things.
Just like the station does, friends.
Sustenance, shelter, clothing, medicine, comic books.
You know, work or die just like any living creature with simple dignity.
Once these basic necessities are met, however,
how much more do you want?
How much more can you possibly consume?
As much as your net worth.
And then some.
Credit's easy to come by.
As long as you work.
Yes, the only true work of art may well be the art of work.
But never forget the one thing even a Type A top ape can't buy back with his wages.
Time.
Dear friends, they can never replace the time they take from you.
You can't even listen to their lies.
No matter what your job is, if you wouldn't be doing it anyway without that paycheck spurring you on,
you're being extorted, cheated, robbed of your very life.
I tell you, the tiniest diseased amoeba that lives in the lowest intestinal tract
of the most miserable disgusting leech in the scummiest puddle in the world
will have more freedom than you without ever being conscious of it.
Tick.
Tick.
Tick.
Tick.
It's so easy.
Minute after minute.
Gone forever.
Some jobs are so disgusting that anyone attempting to take them on as a vocation deserves swift execution.
Military officers, politicians, real estate agents, stockbrokers, rock stars, most types of lawyers,
producers of those cute baby movies,
armaments manufacturers, stand-up comics, advertising executives, nuclear power engineers, and TV talk show hosts.
I'm sure you can add a few of your own favorite parasitic categories to this list without too much effort.
Not that there aren't legitimate types of work.
Hunters, gatherers, farmers, moon astronauts, and cartoonists, to name a few.
And radio show volunteer hosts.
The catalog is pretty short, but that's the true nature of work for you.
I'm reminded of the famous fable of the grasshopper and the ant.
You know, where it's summer or fall or something, and the grasshopper's kicking back, so to speak, in the weeds, drinking beer,
watching an ant dragging fragments of stale taco chips 900 times his own weight back to his hole in the dirt,
hoarding them for hard times.
This goes on for hours.
The ant only takes two 15-30 minute breaks and throws himself right back into his mindless toil when these brief rest periods end.
Finally, the sweaty ant notices his fellow insect having a good time goofing off and can't resist stopping by the grasshopper to give him attitude.
Like the busybody ants figured out a way to be both Catholic and Protestant at the same time.
The ants being a real cretin balancing this boulder of junk.
The ant's got some junk food on his back, going on and on about welfare bums and how he's been slaving all his life, being a productive member of bug society,
and how he'll be damned if he's gonna support lazy bums who haven't done anything better than sit on their green sternums,
rubbing their back legs together when all of a sudden, a huge shadow falls over both of them there by the side of the road.
It's a colossal imported running shoe coming down fast.
The orthopterid fully rested books, springing away to safety while the exhausted ant, weighed down by his load, slowly tries to move out of the way.
The unaware jogger mashes the slow moving ant and the corn chip to an acidic paste and carries the bitter goo away, stuck to her rubber tread.
The grasshopper, not being one to ignore a free gift, moves into the dead ant's condo and lives off the stash until spring,
throwing big parties for his friends all winter long.
Anyway, that's the way I heard it. I'm not sure what the moral of this pithy little tale is.
It's too much work to figure it out. Don't expect me to do the hard part for you.
I didn't even write this piece. I hired a ghostwriter for a fraction of what I'm being paid for it to write it for me,
and my own personal ghost editor so that I don't have to read this drivel before turning it into the hour of slack.
I don't have to read this drivel before turning it into the hour of slack.
The only thing I personally have to do is sign the check, and I've got a rubber stamp for that.
All I know is, I'm not working, and you are.
Paul Mavridis, Tahiti, 1989
And then there's the payments due on the car.
Oh no.
Well, I'm just telling you, I sometimes wonder if it's worth it.
I mean, really, I wonder if it's worth even trying.
What am I killing myself for like this? What am I...
I don't know.
Oh, if I had any brains.
It's a trouble.
I've got the brains, but I don't know, maybe it's my attitude.
It's wrong or something.
Nothing happens.
I figured I'd be...
something in the office by this time.
But everybody gets pushed up ahead of me.
And that proportion, and there's...
the wife, and the...
the kids...
the trouble...
the car...
Yeah, there's...
Yeah, there's...
I don't know.
Let's have another drink.
Forget the whole thing.
Oh, stop it! You're killing me!
See, it makes me feel much better...
just talking to you.
Anytime, baby, anytime.
Oh!
Well, I wish we could say the same.
Doesn't make us feel much better because we're not talking to you.
You're not talking to us. You're not talking back.
You're not giving us money.
No, we're not...
We're not getting the money.
We ain't getting the calls.
So far, we've made...
$30.
$30 and 30 minutes. Huh.
A dollar a minute.
That's how much slack is worth to you, huh?
Well, actually, that's not bad.
I'm used to paying a lot less than that, actually.
But one person was still ready to come into our stillborn, ruined place...
our station.
Call this place.
Actually, two.
Um...
But, uh...
32...
Yes?
Bob still loves you.
I'm going to give the name of this...
this child of Bob...
the one pledger.
It looks like we're getting one other one over there.
Yes?
The same guy.
Same...
Still the same fella.
He's so incredibly vain that he's doubling it.
He's gonna double it?
He's heard the same ones and it wasn't good enough.
Oh, he hadn't heard it yet.
We haven't read it through the punishment tube yet.
Oh, the punishment tube.
Alright.
Okay.
I mean, this is how low we've had to stoop, dear friend.
And this guy still won't hear his name read over the punishment tube because he's talking to...
Oh, no.
He just hung up.
Alright.
Are you still listening?
No, no.
And the name of our hero is...
Robert Still.
Robert Still.
No, no.
And it's leaving...
Please.
Please.

This thing will stiff already.
Too bad.
It's sad, but true.
And friend, we can torture Willa Dobbs with the punishment cone.
If you will just call in.
And we'll hurt Reverend Trickster Shimon here, too.
If you will please just call in.
We desperately, desperately need pledges.
This is no joke.
Last week, I mean, we did this last week.
I figure some of you are listening, missed it last time.
You're listening this time.
Maybe you listened last time and laughed to yourself, thinking,
oh yeah, I'm just going to keep getting it for free.
Well, I don't blame you.
But how can you, how can you sleep?
Oh yeah, that was Ken Nordean.
And that's, that's how the conspiracies made me feel too, friends.
I don't know why I keep calling you friends.
I don't have any friends.
Nobody has any friends.
All we have are bosses and customers.
All the rest of it's bluff.
Pure bluff.
It's like on that Fireside Theater record.
We're all just faking being interested in each other as human beings.
All we're interested in is finding people we can hate for making less money than us.
Because we already hate those that make more money than us,
but at least we feel like they're justified.
The other day I read about this guard that was driving a money truck,
one of those big armored trucks loaded with money.
And he had to put on the, this is a true story,
he had to put on the brakes real fast.
And this giant sack of quarters, $25,000 in quarters,
bust loose when he put on the brakes and slammed against him
and crashed.

Crushed him to death.
Crushed under quarters.
Slack friends.
Friends.
That guy got them.
Not as close to slack as any of us are going to get.
God's got to know where I can't even hate the conspiracy anymore.
At least they make money.
I can hate myself.
My money ran out and I haven't gotten any more yet.
Since I can't make any money when I hate myself this much,
I guess that means I'm out of money for good, huh?
The only thing that could make me laugh,
like myself,
would be money.
That doesn't mean I'll like you if you have money.
I'll hate you even more,
but at least I'll respect you.
Because I knew you could bluff better than I could.
So you can call 823-7490
and let the Willa Dobbs bluff you.
You can bluff the Willa Dobbs.
I don't care.
I don't care.
канале
Fuan
Fuan
Fuan
Fuan
Fuan
Fuan
sweatshirts, the K&N 1990 calendar,
plus records, albums, cassettes, CDs, and other great stuff.
Remember, if you don't support this show,
two weeks from now, you could be listening to a brand new show.
Dial 823-7490, make your pledge, and make it count.
Listen to this.
God has told me.
Now, friends, I'm the person you're hearing talking here.
I'm Reverend Stang.
Now, you may say, this man doesn't sound religious.
What kind of a pope or preacher swears and drinks on camera
while he's asking for pledges?
I'll tell you what kind, friends.
A priest.

A subgenius preacher does.
And I want $10,000 pledges.
We are not fooling around here.
I mean, the transmitter, these tape decks, these tapes, these people,
these things cost.
And so don't call in with these little teeny weeny pledges.
Now, that $10,000 that we've got so far, we know how to spend it.
We'll spend it on fancy clothes and air-conditioned dog houses.
You don't want to see your preacher, Reverend Ivan Stang,
preaching in tennis shoes.
Do you?
You want to see me in a snake-skin suit?
Because you don't want a stupid preacher.
You don't want a preacher that doesn't abuse your money.
You want one who abuses it, smart enough to abuse it,
but honest enough to tell you.
And I need that air-conditioned dog house, my friends,
because my own house isn't air-conditioned.
I mean, I'd set up my office in that dog house.
The hour of slack original tapes wouldn't melt in the heat anymore.
And I'd still share...
I'd still share that dog house with my dog friends.
That's the difference between a subgenius preacher and one of these more famous-like preachers.
So I want you to get on there and call that 823-7490.
The calls are beginning to come in.
But you...
And the children's home in Manila is gonna go...
The children's...
The home for slackless children, that thing's gonna go down unless we have your money.
So you have been challenged.
You've got to meet this pledge.
And I know that you will because miracles are happening.
And all over Dallas, friends, miracles are happening.
I mean, here's one miracle.
I want to reach out especially to the sisters of Connie out there.
It's time that you all got on the stick, you know what I mean?
Yeah, gotta have slack.
Gotta.
You gotta have...
Gotta have slack, friends.
Yeah.
I got a big old bob.
I got a big old bob.
He's right inside my pocket.
Got my big old bob.
Just reach inside my pocket.
I just washed him off.
He ain't too stinky this time.
You got to try my bob.
He really wants to meet you.
He's got a big old bob.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Boom, boom.
Hi, this is Mark Mothersbaugh from Devo.
Give every cent you got to KNON at least tithe 10%.
If not, all worldly goods, my friend, could mean your very soul.
Your very soul.
he speaks the truth
and if you believe that you'll believe anything
and that's what we want you to do
we want you to believe the bible
we want you to believe marvel comics
we want you to believe Pee Wee Harmon
cheapness friends
cheapness counts
it's the only hope for many of us
and this footage you're seeing from Slackville
Celebration shows the drawing
power that Bob can have
now we've got to get that
Slack TV network on 24 hours a day
7 days a week
it's going to be all violence and sex
dear friends except when we're raising money
because
we love you and we love your children
and we want to take your children
and teach them how to fight the good fight
and how to work in our factories
and to bring Slack to themselves
and kids I want you to go to your parents
purses and wallets right now
and pull out whatever you can and send that money to us
because it's a miracle
it's a miracle friends
looky here here's a letter from somebody
he says
I am a fan
and I don't mind if the preacher drinks beer on camera
when the fundraiser began I had a hangover and a headache
he says
but I took Maalox, Aspirin and I watched the pledge drive
and slept half a day
when I woke up the headache friends was gone
hallelujah friends the headache was gone
what more proof do you need
but others call in and they go what is this
what is this thing
what are you trying to prove is this supposed to be
comedy
hell I heard this whole rant in Chicago
Pope Floris wrote half of this rant
but friends Bob wants
he doesn't just want us to be rich
he actually wants you to be rich
but rich without working
because this is the church for abnormals
the church for non-joiners
so it's hard to get people to join
it ain't a joke friends
you sometimes you're wondering
what is it
what is this thing
well well it ain't collaborative
it's not collaborative art
no it's not subversive either
and it's not just a bunch of drunk guys
nay nay
you'll pay
you will pay
and then friends
then at that moment
you will know
what you really think
I was born in Dallas in 1952
the Harvey moved across the street on Beckley Avenue
I was born in Dallas in 1952

he used to throw the ball to me
when I was just a kid
they say he shot the president
I don't think he did
and Lee Harvey was a friend of mine
he used to take me fishing all the time
he used to throw the ball to me
when I was just a kid
they say he shot the president
I don't think he did
say hallelujah
hallelujah
it's the bright Reverend Dr. Billy Saul Hargis
on behalf of the First Church of the Goon
dear friends and uh
well it looks like it's time to uh
read some more names
and of those dear dear friends
those darling listeners who have called in
and who are even now as we speak calling in
uh we had a special request
from a Miss Robin Brazier
oh I'm sorry
Miss Robin Brazier
who uh had a
who requested a blanket blessing dear friends
and okay okay
we're gonna take up the challenge
uh actually the Willa Dobbs here uh requested
that he be able to take care of applying the blanket
and Will you quit cutting phylos
and your excitement over there
you golly
jeepers
man just
just settle down now
okay alright
uh for Miss
Robin Brazier
friends!
I want you to put your hands on the radio
I want you to set your hands right down upon that radio
I want you to put your eardrums up against the radio and your hands
I want you to unzip your pants and put everything you can think of against that radio
and I want you to think
Robin
oh friends
I want Miss Brazier to feel our thanks for her twenty dollars
from the crown of her head to the toes of her feet
cast out all tumors tuberculosis arthritis and uh
uh venereal diseases and any other diseases that you might have had in your life
any type of disease that may have occurred
uh for Miss
Robin Brazier
now among our other uh not to uh to denigrate
uh those who have also uh sent even larger donations as a matter of fact
in some cases here
oh I'm seeing big ones
a big one here from
John Farragut
oh
or
Ferrigo
another one here from two people two at once
Reverend Derek Anderson
and
Mike Staples
and uh finally uh who else uh
gosh friends
we've raised almost a hundred million dollars
a hundred dollars tonight
wow what a popular show this must be
I just can't wait to work all weekend and come in and do it next time
thanks to
cat salmon
oh and uh
yeah we got really uh
John Mercado

great
and interesting
whenever I get the chance
and you can just tell me
and you can call 823-7490 to have your name read through the punishment tune.
But, you know, in the news lately we've been deluged with the approved government media's
gloating reports of the collapse of communist countries such as East Germany,
whose citizens have gotten their first taste of slack
and are hence going full goose loony with it,
running back and forth across the borders, mainly across,
and buying and buying the fruits of capitalism,
which are, after all, the things which make the trials of capitalism all so worthwhile.
And we have a special song to play as a salute to those ex-East Germans.
This one by an ex-East German herself,
now a rich Hollywood New Age kook who channels stupid alien entities.
Nina Hagen.
Nina Hagen.
êm
Well, it's a vik vik vik secret
Fam
No, no, no
And this dance except you I own
And one day
We'll be free
Just free
One day we'll be free
We will be free
One day
One day we'll be free
We will be free
One day
One day we'll be free
We will be free
While I'm a-lifin'
I'm not so close to start
Don't check the yellow auto
I say so by me alone
Well, get a cinder, Gary, mom
Get a new
It's gonna be a big disaster
It's gonna be World War No. 3
It's gonna be a war or something
I know it now already
We don't know already
Moscow's gonna be
It's gonna be

Fuck!

It's gonna be
Looks like Mr. Breshner
is planning on a funeral
ador
Hello!
Hello!
Don't be cute!
I won't make it
I don't make me come
Yeah, no kidding, baby.
Well, we're going to, oh, lest we forget, people who gave money during the week.
Thanks to Reverend St. Bob Rakotensky and the Swag.
Also in the news, angels storm hell.
Angels claiming to be sent from heaven stormed hell today in a mind-reeling display of blood and violence.
The band of guerrilla celestials attacked Satan's stronghold, bashing demons, sinners, lost souls, and other beings trapped in the blazing inferno.
We're getting pretty darn tired of hell existing, said one self-proclaimed angel, and we were determined to do something about it, by God.
So we came here and bopped some...
...some heads, smashed some devils, set some fires, and basically kicked some unholy posterior.
Maybe these sinners will get the message now.
Although some inhabitants of hell celebrated the attack, others were left distraught and confused.
Quote, the reason I was here to begin with is because I was doing what they're doing.
I don't get it. Now how do I get out of here? Do I bash some heads or what? Unquote.
Officer number one used a special agent to contact God regarding the recent invasion.
Hey.
I didn't send them, said God.
I don't act like that. My ways are different.
They may have stormed hell, but that's exactly where they are now, and I'm not taking the rap for this one.
They did what they did, not me.
I'm here, and they're there, thank goodness.
When asked what he planned to do about it, the Supreme Commander merely asked,
Where are you?
That news report from office number one.
A little magazine out of Austin, which you can get from...
...from...
...uh...
...1709 San Antonio Street in Austin, Texas.
Yes, office number one from San Antonio Street.
1709 San Antonio Street, Austin, Texas.
78701.
And we have two new names here to give out.
Shut up!
Okay.
And that's...
...are two deer...
How deer are they?
Well, one's real deer, one's about half deer.
Uh...
Sort of a goat, you might say.
Dear friends, praise be, and let there be slack for...
Scott Miller.
And...
Mark Clarkson.
Mark Clarkson.
Mark Clarkson, you sinned in life.
Now we are going to...
Scott Miller and Mark Clarkson, in life you sinned.
Now we are going to play the tape of all your sins.
And you must sit and watch and think how you could have earned true slack
by not sending money to K-N-O-N.
But you, in your infinite...
Infinite gullibility, decided instead to send the money.
Oh, abandoned hope, all ye who enter here.
Can I not send money now?
Oh, yeah.
Too late to not...
Now they start saying, well, can I not send money now, Lord?
Oh, well, uh...
Well, what should I do now?
Gosh, I've got all these cool tapes.
Look at...
Just look at all the little woman heads here.
There's Zug's Rift and Greater Than One that I played before.
But I want to play Slayer.
Because it rocks, man.
Slayer rocks.
This...
It's, um...
And it's a religious song, too, called Jesus Saves.
Friends, if you don't call 823-7490, I won't turn this tape off.
823-7490, or it just stays in a big loop for the rest of the next three hours.
Yes.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
to hear this but I've kind of gotten into heavy speed metal music lately all
the old subgenius old-timers sterno me Stevie Hambone and who else has been
trying to try to it's it's just suddenly we've just been bombed but we just
decided hey what where's where we been how did we miss all this great stuff
that makes you want to bang your head well do we have any more calls that we
can read out not a one nary a soul saved well we should have made fun of the last
ones that called in action we were just kidding man that was the Christian
heaven we were talking about there
see yeah the phone start ringing you just turn up the crank crank it up from
33 to 45 and
you're done.
and they will call in oh dear friends please do call if this is your last
chance to get your name read through
the punishment tube
on the hour of swan
here on KNON and please give us call 823-7490 is the only way to escape total evil thank you
thank you
thank you
thank you
come on friends support the word of Bob and the few hours of slack you have left
the minutes of slack are dribbling through that hourglass and the wicked
witch of the pro-life group will kill us because we weren't pro-life they want
they want us to die because we're not pro-life enough I guess
thank you
thank you
thank you
thank you

thank you
thank you
you can hear them listen listen to the station manager complaining in the background friend
a new live by the by the way here's another another reason to pledge the hour slack
you're over 30 right well guess what so is rock and roll but we know that even
though you have that BMW in the executive position with that major corporation now you
still want to rock to a degree well now just in time for the new age here's music for people
who don't like new age music and hate that new rock and roll junk that's coming out now let's get into the show
Now, here's music that'll keep you from feeling like you're a total sellout.
Y-Tel Records presents Easy Metal.
Today's heavy metal rock and roll music done by the low-key artists that you refuse to let go of.
You get James Taylor.
Who made who?
Who made you?
Who made...
Julio Iglesias.
You've got your balls to the walls.
Those two big balls to the walls.
Crosby, Stills, and Nash.
Bang your head.
Metal health will drive you.
Metal health will drive you mad.
Michael McDonald.
We're not gonna take it.
No, we ain't gonna take it.
Kenny Rogers.
Hey, hey, mama said the way you move gonna make you sweat.
Gonna make you...
Plus so many, many more.
Order now and receive as a free bonus heavy listening.
Yes, everybody's favorite metal stars performing the top easy listening hits of all time.
You get Mega Death.
Giant yellow ribbon round the oak tree.
It's been three long years.
Do you still want me?
Plus Poison.
Once, twice, three times a lady.
Lionel Richie sucks.
Yes, Easy Metal and Heavy.
Be listening.
Pinstripes and rock and roll.
You can have it all with this amazing record package.
Available now from Y-Tel Records.
You can tell it's Y-Tel.
It'll never sell.
Get yours today.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, hi, Reverend Bleepo.
Believe it or not, that was all Reverend Bleepo.
Every voice you heard there.
And, you know, he's been trying to fight just that.
And that's what K&ON is always trying to fight.
.

.
.
Keep the lights going.
And the young people are palette crazy.
The K&O ayuda bros.
Keep on using the navigator.
Now, when you're having fun and starstruck and radioactive harder stuff is something you
could take with a single, easy nicotine плюс player or whatever you would like to play a
more tasty, Boratian, and you might as well go to that black comedy house, SenetSLive.com
That's what we do.
You can top the night.
away our hard-earned slack. True, for many the city is not worth saving. So why does he do it?
Because no one else can. Or can they? Can you be like Bob? Can you be like Bob? He gave us a signal.
Delivering slacked the slackless and meeting out our special brand of sub-justice to those conspiracy
mediocratons and cheapskate non-pledgers. Those intent on subverting all the liberties that America
and KNON stand for. Eh? Yes, it's true. On this very night you can don the pipe and special
ketchup-proof suit and become
Bob. You can fight crime just like your hero and mine. Have you ever danced with the devil in the
pale moonlight, my friends? And there's a lot of crime to fight. The crimes against
mindless human ears. The criminal acts of radio abuse, such as the pre-programmed,
canned, overplayed,
tap rock of repetitious, narrowly marketed, fashion-enslaved copycat, quote,
new music, unquote, masquerading as alternative or quote, progressive radio.
Yes, dear friends, and uh, I believe we played the tail end of that, uh, head rant last week?
Okay.
We have to leave now.
The American Music Party is coming in
to give your ears a rest from the horror of slack.
Funny how slack can be horrible.
Yeah, funny.
Yeah, real funny.
Well, friends, we thank those of you who pledged in,
and especially our very last pledger that we got tonight.
O.S. Cecilia, get well soon.
And it's worked.
Yes, you may sit back and relax, friends.
We managed to do it.
Did we not, Will?
Reverend Trickster, we've got...
I believe we made our goal,
our little measly goal of $700,000
thanks to your...
No?
No? Yes, no?
Just barely.
Just barely.
Well, I...
The...
I, the Martyr Stang,
will make up the...
No, I won't.
I'm lying.
You better believe I'm lying.
Okay, because you think you...
You've got religion here today.
But you don't need Bob, right?
I don't need God.
You now take control of your life.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, oh, oh.
Video, hit news, buzz, audio,
and videos,
You can't...

You can't...
You can't...
You can't...
You can't...
You can't...
You can't...






How do we win this game?
You can ask them to open it, you know?
You can ask them to open it, you know?
