Oh, that was a laid-back show.
Oh, it's not laid-back anymore!
Look out!
Whoa!
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Soap Genius Hour of Sight.
Welcome potential initiates,
and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Welcome to the Soap Genius Radio Ministry Hour of Sight,
sponsored by the Church of the Soap Genius.
The Soap Genius Hour of Sight,
that gives you the opportunity to experience
what you are about to listen to,
is specially designed only to be played on radio station...
K-N-O-N.
And only in the city of...
Dallas, Texas.
K-N-O-N.
Welcome, dear friends,
Welcome, dear friends,
to the Soap Genius Hour of Sight.
Back up to the grassy knoll again,
and started hitting back down.
I left that group of wacky Zenos in the gazebo
and the Sodbusters Museum
and that wing-ding nut flanger on the accordion.
Well, I just didn't know what to think, you know.
Coming up here, hanging around with the grass and the trees,
it's just natural,
but these people were talking different,
and I don't know.
I'm just interested in sitting around
and picking my nose and spitting and stuff like that,
and, well, it just made me think an awful lot.
Golly, my head got big,
and, well, I never knew I had so many ideas.
I began to think about writing them down
or taking some pictures
or getting a tape recorder or something in them things,
but, well, I know I didn't want to mess with them.
I just wanted to be natural, you know,
sitting out here with the old rocks
and watching the clouds roll by.
But that, that old stranger with the accordion,
why, he made me feel a little different.
I...
I kind of...

I kind of got excited,
and, well, I liked it a little bit.
It never happened like that before.
Suddenly, I began to reflect on my whole life,
why it was like a rock or...
or a polka.
No, my life wasn't like a polka,
but here it was again,
and, God Almighty,
hiya, mister!
How are you, old fella?
It's just about time!
Uh, the only cult they want to talk about
is the Subgenius Foundation,
the Church of the Subgenius.
Yeah, Doug Smith says we're different.
Doug's right, Virgil.
We are different, thanks to Jesus,
the Genetic Engineering Corporation of American States.
Mommy, too?
Yep, the whole family.
Is everybody like us?
No son.
But we're working on it.
Round the clock!
This is Bob, this is Brad Bob.
He's a real Bob, he's a real Bob.
Hopefully I followed the wrong Bob.
Gonna end up with no job.
I'm not prejudiced.
I don't care if he's a Jew, a black, Italian, Chinese.
If he messes with me, I'll shoot him.
He's got complete equality as he drops to the ground.
The helicopter which plucked the re-entry capsule out of the water.
Thanks.
It moved up, took off at fantastic speed at the, at least 45 degrees angle,
and it just disappeared between the stars.
During the debriefing, which we always said after each combat mission,
the officer who was receiving this made a joke of it, how many beer I had.
How many beer he had, dear friends.
Ah, yes.
Quiet down, you little creatures of the night.
You've got a show to do.
Oh, dear friends, this is Reverend Ivan Stang.
You're listening to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack on KNON 90.9 in Dallas, Texas.
Ah, hey, Zaphod.
Our theory about Reverend Ann Leonard was just shot.
I'm sorry.
I went to hell the other night.
Friends, I feel sorry for those of you who didn't, who couldn't make it to the subgenius meeting,
and for the people who didn't dare to come and see the reflection of themselves.
But it was very interesting the way that turned out.
You know, we announced last week that there was going to be a meeting for people who wanted to volunteer to help with KNON
and the Church of the Subgenius specifically.
And we got like 30 people called Reverend Cecilia and asked directions and said they were going to come and so forth.
But only half showed up.
And the mighty Reverend Cecilia, who now, dear friends, is Popess, the Pope or Popestress of Dallas,
Popess Cecilia, bowed down to her, ye unworthy, unclean ones.
For she is truly worthy.
She allowed us to have this meeting at her house.
A meeting of subgeniuses who had never, in many cases, had never laid eyes on another admitted, quote, subgenius, unquote, before in their lives.
But it turned out quite interesting.
There was no real bobbies.
It was real nice.
It was all folks that I think could give us a real hand.
And I haven't managed to sit down and plot it all out on the big computer yet.
But, oh yes, we'll have places for you all in Dobbs Town, dear friends.
Don't worry about that.
All of ye chosen who showed up.
It was just, the meeting was just what you'd expect.
It was at a seedy S&M bar in Oak Cliff full of demon worshippers.
And, see, you missed out on it.
Missed out on it.
Oh, and there was one young subgenius there who gave me a Christmas, a wonderful Christmas present, a sign, a professionally made sign that said,
Buldotta Time Control Laboratories, a subsidiary of the Church of Christ.
The subgenius, the subgenius foundation incorporated.
And that was wonderful.
But, you know, when I put that sign up, they'll know where the subgenius castle is on Swiss Avenue.
That guy, now, see, that guy, he was obviously CIA.
You can't fool Reverend Stan.
That was CIA.
But he was also a subgenius.
So it's okay if the CIA knows where we are.
But there's many of you out there who are thinking, what's he doing in the jungle?
I thought this was a church.
And on top of that, how come he's talking about this church and the subgenius?
What is that?
They say, what are you?
What are you?
They chant, wanting to know just what it is we're talking about.
And every 10 or 12 shows, I play this lovely tape.
Three, two, and one.
Now to continue with the tape recording.
Superior mutants, repent, quit your job, slack off.
The world ends tomorrow and you may die.
Well, no, probably not.
But whatever you do, just keep listening.
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a duty?
Do you ever get the feeling that you're a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes, your kind shall triumph.
Now at last, the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it, the only faith that promises action, thrill, success in sex and business.
Having all the guilt, but none of the sex.
Having intercourse with a beautiful live girl or damn near anything else.
But you tried everything.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Learn to think big.
Develop the tricks of length extension.
Bring your weirdest dreams to rampaging life.
Stand direct for your own abnormality.
Bob is a way of life to millions.
Yet half of them don't even know it.
He's the one true living slack master with the spiritual know-how to help you bash through the locked doorway to financial heaven.
He is the one real shortcut to slack.
Now see another dimension.
And that dimension on your TV.
Yes, fear the stark fist of removal no longer.
Become physically attractive overnight.
Attain status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
Bob's promises to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior.
To explore new ways of going over the edge.
And coming right back.
To bring back those who couldn't make it on their own.
To help you create the highest possible earnings from the psychodynamics of abnormality.
To turn conspiracy implanted personality disorders around.
And channel them into an illusion of creativity that will fool normals and get you sex.
I don't believe you, J-Hart.
Well, I did benefit from it, of course.
But so did a whole bunch of old Dallas boys.
In other words, you want to know, you want the government to know that you're in to make money and to pay taxes.
Well, we're already treading a pretty thin line, Bill.
And I'm sure there's plenty of other things they'd love to get us for.
Just be, you know, well, I don't know whether we want to talk about the conspiracy on the air, but...
Oh yeah, go right ahead.
This is a big conspiracy.
The one, the conspiracy that's going on.
The one behind the conspiracy.
Ah, the conspiracy to end all conspiracies, maybe.
Well, part of the church's goal is to wake people up to the fact that our lives are being controlled by forces that most people are completely ignorant of.
Well, okay, this light, as we were looking at it, both of us watching the light, and with that, anything just in, you know, in a split second, it was suddenly, it's two stories.
I'd say the diameter.
The diameter around, I think, the height of this room.
Wow.
You mean it was like a little bobbing?
Well, it wasn't bobbing as steady as this table if it were carried on a caterpillar.
It was that steady.
And walking speed.
And with that, the speed never changed.
It just suddenly got that big.
It just suddenly was huge.
Yeah.
It gets really complex when you get into conspiracies.
And we believe, um...
We're still there.
We're still there.
Because of the experience that they were going through.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Ha, ha.
Have you two not gotten enough slack on the ropes of life?
This is Dr. Philodrumon speaking to you from on the road, way out there.
Somewhere where you nor your friends can even perceive.
Ha, ha.
Yes, dear friends.
We're out here, you're out there, and we're thinking about you out there.
And about all the wonderful things that can be found when you find Bob.
I'm talking to you tonight about the only God, the one and only Bob, the church of the
sub-genius.
Praise Bob.



Praise Bob .
Follow me and stones are tainted by His live remains.
Now see.
There are sins and
sins.
camera boy mute.
Why not?
What is the purpose of the church?
The purpose of the church is to have what?
Slack!
Can I hear that again?
I need more slack!
Can I get some slack?
Can I get some slack?
Ah!
World Without Slack
Chapter 3
By Lies
The fightin' Jesus
looked out over the bridge
of the Exist battle saucer,
the blood of Christ.
He looked and laughed.
He laughed and looked.
He looked and looked.
He laughed and laughed.
He was finally going to have his revenge
on the natives of Dust Moat 89 AB.
Aboard Jesus' flagship,
dozens of killer theologians,
the Shock Priests,
were busy at their weapons terminals.
On the power decks, the proper orgone cycles
were being timed by mass fornications
between the ritual crew
and the cancer beings from Theta Z.
An invasion-ready state
existed in the ship
and the 900 others floating over the doomed planet,
Earth.
Jesus was in a psychopathically
elated state.
His face resembled many of the perverse
icons the humanoids of the Dust Moat
painted of him.
They prayed to these for the salvation of their souls,
as if they had any souls to save,
as if anyone
would want to save them,
which they didn't.
The disgusting religion now centered around his murder.
They had to gall to nail him up
like a common criminal
and then paint pictures of him enjoying it.
And they thought he loved them for it,
that he was forgiving.
Oh, the anticipation.
He was sick to his stomach with glee.
He would show them the true face of pain and sin.
It had taken him 2,000 long years to return here,
and now he would pay them back
for the scars he still carried in his hands.
Sweet stigma.
The only thing that was left
was the
The hold of the spacecraft was manned with angels of light
personally lent by Jehovah One.
They supervised the demon teams operating on all
tangible destruction spectrums.
All in attack mode.
Nagas, Orzuma, Shiva, Horus, Aeons,
the dark bodies.
The dark bodies.
And at time and a half, too.
It was expensive to ravage a planet.
No matter.
The host of judgment.
That which comes had finally arrived.
And on Jesus's birthday.
What do you think, Dad?
His second in command, Jim Jones,
stood by with the final attack coordinate, Codices.
A holographic map of Earth rotated slowly next to Jones in midair.
On its surface, grids of the natives' planetary defenses
were lit up in green.
Ones, some depicting their pathetic,
dark, and dark past.




The dark communication structures in violet.
All in scale, quite pretty, actually.
A colorful net surrounded the sphere.
It would soon enough be dark.
These children wait for us below, Jesus.
We will walk among them and we will smile.
At your moment of choice, of course.
Jesus studied Jones' puffy, tired face
in the pink glow of the neuron banks
that ran around the walls of the mighty dreadnought
and shuddered.
He was no stranger to the dark.


He was no stranger to resurrection of the undead.
But whoever had brought Jones around again
had slipped up.
Something was missing.
Something else was added.
Something.
Jones had been forced on him by the Jinn bankers
who had financed this angelic war fleet.
Damn them!
He never forgot the price they had demanded
for this mercenary raiding fleet.
Jones' constant reminders
of their influence and expectations
irritated Jesus knowing
not to mention the annoying habit
Jones had copied from Dobbs.
The twisted creature insisted
on smoking a pipe, even here
near the sensitive nerve relays.
Jones might have been left dead
a little too long.
He moved with a constant jerk and always
poked at his throat.
He never removed his sunglasses
and he still took massive injections of methamphetamines
even though they no longer had any effect
on his regenerated shell.
You know, Jimbo, said Jesus,
the best part of life
is that they think there's an afterlife.
That's why they strung me up
the first time.
They think like bugs down there.
I'm well aware of that, Commander.
It bothered Jones
to be back on Earth so soon
after his failure with the social programming
research post he had been running there.
It wasn't really his fault.
The administration change at Central
merely cut off the funding for it.
He was forced to abort the experiment
and terminate the...
...the...
...the...
There was a great deal of speculation
about what is going to happen next.
The tape is ready now.
The lights have gone down
just slightly.
The Mr. Science Lecture Series.
Volume 1, Number 1.
The Mutron.
Delivered by the Reverend Seth Deitch,
First Church of Mr. Science, Boston.
Outside the realm of conspiracy science
and in the clear light of the so-called
forbidden sciences,
we will find we have a far greater chance
of understanding the true nature
of the universe.
What the conspiracy feeds us
under the guise of the most advanced
system of natural philosophy
is nothing but a complex sham,
a decoy to hide from us
the true fact of how much bigger
and more complex and nut-wrenchingly
frightening a place the universe really is.
We are told about matter
and energy
and space and time
as being either consistent realities
governed by laws
or as foggy abstracts that have no
particular being outside of that of being
convenient linguistic aids
to make the whole thing easier to swallow.
We at the
Temporal Management Research Facility
at the Church of Mr. Science of the subgenius
have through rigorous probing
through mountains of existing
works on the subject of time
and its methods of control
have discovered the key for blowing the whistle
on the whole fraudulent twaddle
that is modern science.
This key is the Mutron.
The truth must now be told.
How it was covered up
for so long would make a story
intriguing enough for a separate book
but it's too involved to be told here.
The actual issue at hand is the
Mutron and its pivotal role in the
management of the true cosmos.
In order to properly understand
the following it must first be made clear
what actually constitutes an elementary
particle. The first of
these basic particles is the electron
which has no mass but possesses
a charge that is commonly described
as possibly infinite, thus making
it the fundamental unit of energy.
It and other related
particles, i.e. positrons,
photons, gravitons, etc.
acting in concert make up the
so-called
the second is the much rarer infinite mass
particle commonly called a black hole.
These particles, like the electrons,
occupy no space but the influence
of a single particle can be felt
at a much greater distance.
They often have event horizons
many miles wide beyond which
not even light can escape.
The third fundamental particle
is the Mutron. The Mutron carries
with it an infinite temporal capacity
that makes it alter the rate and
intensity and general quality of the
passage through time of anything it touches.
The Mutron is very likely the
rarest particle in this universe.
As far as we know there might
well be only one of them, though
there could be as many as a few
dozen without generating a dangerous
concentration of Mutron phenomena.
The first segment of this report
will deal with the general implications
of the Mutron in regards to existing
ideas on the workings of the universe.
The second will concern the incredible
potentialities of using the potent
forces of the Mutron in time control
research and in practical time control.
Section A. Just how fucking big
everything really is.
What we know as the universe can be
envisioned as a giant atom with the
black hole acting as the nucleus
and the Mutron or mutrons as a
black hole acting as the electron
cloud with the electrons providing
the energy for the Mutron to drive
us forward through time. Just about
everything else in the universe is
just so much debris cluttering up
the works of things. The fact that
there is one such atom more than
suggests the existence of others.
The Mutron has a corresponding
anti-particle known as the tachyon
which travels through time in a
direction which we perceive as
backwards so that to someone who is not in the know it will appear to exceed the limit.

The simple fact of the matter is that
tachyons are extra universal mutrons
impinging on our universe at a
different temporal angle. These are the
mutrons of atom universes that ours is
in compound with. After this the atomic
metaphor breaks down.
No atom is one.
A six million year cycle will end in 1998.
Bob sees the world entering a new aeon
which in a few years will bring more
wondrous and miraculous change and
carnage, insanity and destruction than
all of mankind's history and prehistory before it.
Bob brings a new destiny for America.
A time of cataclysmic economic
change that will offer untold riches
and power to those in the know while
billions of deserving conspiracy dupes
fry in hell on earth. Uncontrolled
thinking controlled by Bob will usher in
a spiritual rebreath and a cascade of
astounding mysteries, supernatural
riches and a restoration of lost psychic
abilities.
Come on, take a look.
The world will transform the lives of
those who dare to seek them and pay for them.
That's right, you're lucky to live in the end time.
Here's more money, Bob.
Wise up!
That's right, dear friends.
Wise up.
And I must apologize there for the choice
of language used at one point by the Dr.
Ahmed Fishmonger there with the Church of
Mr. Science.
I'm sorry, he cut in on our normal
broadcasting spectrum wavelength here
and inserted that into our show that it
was not an official part of the
subgenius show.
You did not hear that.
It does not exist technically as part of
the tapes that I've been using to




record this show.








that you chose to play.
I just want you to know that, dear
friends, that's that's pretty important
around here and I'll probably get in
in loads of serious trouble.
Whoa.
Thanks to St. Byron Werner
for that incredible piece of music.
Yeah, and thanks to Reverend Bleepo Abernathy
for recording the barrage that we were hearing
for a lot of the stuff that we've heard tonight, actually.
Yeah.
I get you.
The different are being silenced by a global conspiracy.
Weird men arise!
Find out who they are and how to smash them.
You probably already knew that the U.S. government is a sham.
Something popped up there for you to blame.
But did you know that the real powers that be are not even people?
That they are actually shambling?
Unbelievable, unmentionable, unthinkable,
foolishness.
What are you saying?
Yes, Jehovah is an alien and still threatens this planet.
Defy the sinister star forces which mock us all.
Evil demons have kept the truth from humanity for thousands of years.
God has been misquoted all this time.
His actual words may disturb you,
but Bob Dobbs is a bulwark against the unbearable,
fear and anxiety tormenting mankind.
Smell proud with Bob.
I don't know who he's with or what the deal is,
but I know that if I stay close to Bob,
I'll be safe in those Gleaguers in Arkansas.
I know those creatures can't get a hold of me if I just hang around the foundation and do what they say.
And you know, clean up after them a little bit.
I don't mind doing that kind of work if it's for a good cause.
I know that Bob, I know that Bob is a good cause.
Bob took me inside his heart.
And I accepted him into my life.
And I'm here to testify, friends,
what that man has done for me.
If you can really call him a man.
Many people say he's almost like a god.
I don't think so.
Of course, I don't know Bob, but I do know Bob in certain ways.
And I think you understand what I'm talking about.
Yes, Bob, he filled me with a sort of a spirit I never knew I had.
I knew it wasn't coming from him.
It was coming from inside me.
Bob was giving it to me.
He was laying hands on me from afar.
He might have been up in that great big jet plane,
or he might have been down on Skid Row giving some bum a haircut.
But all I know is,
it was Bob.
It was Bob.
Bob.
Yeah, he's smiling.
You never see Bob frown.
You know that behind that amazing smile,
there lies a mind like a steel trap.
And sure, he makes mistakes like what he did with those young women that time.
But I think the newspapers exaggerated that.
Bob.
Yeah, he's smiling.
You never see Bob frown.
You know that behind that amazing smile,
there lies a mind like a steel trap.
I'm sure he makes mistakes like what he did with those young women that time.
But I think the newspapers exaggerated that.
But I think the newspapers exaggerated that.
I know that Bob will do all of us fine in the long run.
In fact, I think I know that we really need Bob in our lives.
This little boy is still young.
in our lives in 1981 and in 1984 hi little brother and in 1991 and in 1995 when they bring
the conspiracy to its heels and in that wondrous year that we know is going to come
all too soon upon us and we'll leave our earthly things behind and we'll go and join the exists
from god only knows what strange planet they come from if they really even come from a planet at all
not some energy star beaming away in the darkness lighting our lives with the technology
and the spirituality and the mentality of planet x
planet x coming down to take care of us subgeniuses and see that there's a place for us in the world and
give us our rightful seat at the right hand of bob or the left hand of bob depending on whether
we're rewardians or mediocrities but i don't want to get lost in the dogma i want to tell
you something that blesses my heart and it's bob bob bob yeah i can hear i can hear him talking
off there
in the distance saying come to me tommy come to me and lay down your material things because you know
they aren't going to mean much to you after that divine year and after i lay my hand on you and
lead you up the steps of that magnificent craft and we'll board it and go to the stars that's right
we'll go to the stars
you and me
that's what bob said bob said that to me
tighten these cranial sutures down i don't think we can see the patient suffered from a
subdural hematoma which had suffused the dura and pia matter of the brain
on you see now this is in a dark
discussion of the brain and i'm going to go to the stars and i'm going to go to the stars
and i don't think i can see them
well are yall loud he said
we0322
imagine you will look him in the eyes and immediately say
i really am


i think




my God
look the person although i onceações


of over Ox


work

Maybe, you know, it's terrible what they do.
Look at this.
This is the body of someone who's been out in the hot sun.
And, well, from this evidence, you can imagine what's been done.
It's certainly not a pretty sight.
Now, we're going to open.
Here we go.
Yes, all right.
And look at the surface.
It splattered me in the face there.
Ah, what a joker.
No harm done.
Now we're going to break the vinyl rib at the top.
He seemed to be ready to do that a little bit.
Maybe he felt it.
Nurse, can we have the...
Can we have someone, please, try to help us restore the breathing of this patient?
Suction, please.
Thank you.
I didn't expect us to put this back together yet.
All right.
Now, let's remove the...
The book luttons.
You see, it's just like a book right here.
And if we can take the giggly saw and you'll stop laughing in that unseemly fashion,
we can penetrate through the inner bony carapace to the epigastrium.
All right, here we are.
Note the whitish, viscous surface.
Face to face.
Notice that this passage appears to be blocked with some sort of mucilaginous roughage.
We call it the roughage of knowledge here on the show.
Now notice...
Oh, the sucking chest wound.
Oh.
Vore.
Nugums.
Oh, the pneumos.
This is a repugnant sight, but...
Disgusting.
...one which those versed in medical knowledge are often familiar with.
Now I'm going to peel back the thin, fatty layer beneath the adipose tissue,
which connects to the mesentery.
Oh, you're going too far.
...supporting these organs.
Notice what is revealed before us here, gentlemen.
You have an alien in a...
Yeah, get that little alien out of there.
Can't see what I'm doing.
Look, it's just an infant.
Baby, go away.
Stinky monster.
Look what he did inside Wellman's thorax.
Well, let's penetrate a little further.
Operation's over. I'm sorry. Next patient, please.
Hmm.
Hold it, hold it, hold it. We gotta get this guy back together.
...Ignis Cannon can do.
That's increasing...
Now let's go through the diaphragm here,
which is no longer a spongy tissue,
but rather a hard and rigid surface
after the inception of rigor mortis.
Here we are.
...use as much jelly on his diaphragm.
I can't even understand.
This is spermicidal ham jelly here.
It coats the exterior.
...activity to the suggestible...
Yes.
...effect of...
Ow!
Oh!
Watch out for those loose connections.
Boy, that can kill you.
Now what we need to do is saw through the...
...the...
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Don't get us over to hell!
You clumsy fool.
You could have killed me.
This is no joke.
This is a serious scientific experiment.
Friends,
it's right.
This is no joke.
Although, we had a...
Listen to the Swingin' Love Corpses.
They're in the background, friends.
They're going, wow.
This is a new Swingin' Love Corpses album.
It's a song called The Final Squirt.
That's Ray Hay on lead.
Dr. Philo Drummond on bass.
And Sphinx Drummond on the keyboard.
And I believe...
I can't remember.
They trade out drummers.
They have mechanical drummers half the time.
Oh, dear friends, we had a caller who said,
Reverend Stang, I've listened to this show twice now.
It's a real nice lady.
She goes, but now, are you all involved in devil worship?
I said, no, ma'am, no, ma'am.
We have a special relationship with those devils,
but it ain't worship.
Nay, nay.
We lure the sinners away from the devils, don't you see?
That's what we're doing.
We take...
This stuff appeals to sinners,
because Bob doesn't care about the sinning part.
He sends them on to more adept personal saviors than him.
It's like I told her.
I said, if she could just see Bob's face,
she'd understand everything.
It would all become clear.
And you can see Bob's face.
If you write to Bob and ask for a picture of Bob's face,
just say, send me Bob's face at P.O. Box 140306,
Dallas, Texas, 75.
214.
But we deal with the sinners.
We went down to the drunk tank, dear friends.
We were going to preach to the alcoholics and the homosexuals.
Now, old Bob, he doesn't want them to quit drinking and fornicating.
No, no.
They know what's best for them.
They're men.
But they say, they all say, Bob, Bob, you're a great man.
You're a rich man.
How can you understand my problems?
I'm only a wayward sinner.
But old Bob Dobbs, friends,
Bob's been in every jail cell.
He knows the prisoner.
He's walked in the shoes of the alcoholic, dear friend.
He's walked in the shoes of the fornicator.
He's walked in the shoes of the common thief.
And most important, friends,
he's walked in the shoes of the shoe salesman.
He's been on both sides of the law.
He's been through all them drugs, friend.
Oh, he's a sinner and he's a saint because he's Bob.
Oh, yes, I can feel the spirit of Bob moving in Dallas tonight,
all across those radio waves.
The evil one.
Is out there.
He's making those bad backwards miracles.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And he's a he.
Gaheen.
He's got them good, bad, bad, good,
backwards time streams running through all them drivers out on the mix master.
I feel them out there because I'm in the vision.
I I'm in discernment.
I'm in the spirit.
Friends, I see a young man is listening out there, but he's bound by habit,
by bad habits.
He's frustrated in that traffic jam down there on I-30 right now.
They got him listening to them record albums.
You can hear the devil talking backwards on those.
That foreigner music that that that that rock and roll music with lyrics.
You can hear that devil talking backwards.
And he's he depends.
He depends on the satellite beamed in cable TV movies with Burt Reynolds and car crashes and women.
Oh, they lost their friends, but they do.
These pinks out there do have that foot gland, that one remnant of their soul,
that rectangular gland that's connected to their monies.
My friends, they can be free.
But parting with that which has enslaved them.
You hand them that pamphlet.
Oh, friends, the scales fall from their eyes.
But you know, when they when those pink boys discover Bob, it's either truth or death for the love of Bob can kill normals.
Friends.
Yes.
Yes.
But Bob's men are moving on this planet.
Oh, that planetary alignment that came up the Jupiter effect.
Oh, I'm not sure that may that that may have caused earthquakes and volcanoes in the earth to tilt on its axis.
And man will in the end.
Time succumb.
Men will nash their brains and think backwards.
Dead Christians will come up from their graves, shambling and rotten like not of the living dead.
But through it all, helping to profit from it all is that one mighty link between heaven and earth.
That Bob.
Oh, yeah, I can see it now.
The miracle of the Bob world is unfolding.
They're waiting up to their knees in blood, dear friends.
But it's the blood of the baptism of a mighty fist face of Bob.
That face.
That can.
Can pile through eight foot thick titanium steel conspiracy for knock stores with that mighty pipe.
Oh, he ain't from another planet.
He ain't something we have to bow down and kiss to.
He's a man.
Oh, well, you can pull Bob's leg and he'll laugh right along with you because Bob, he's been a fool just like you and me.
Bob's been a pathetic fool.
And I tell you what, that J.R. Bob Dobbs will be a fool again.
He's a fool today.
He's a fool tomorrow.
Because he's the same Bob.
He's always the same Bob.
And he's working for you and me.
But it's that foolishness that has kept man from being satisfied with his lot.
That has kept man building his great gas powered automobile engines, his nuclear reactors that made him want to master the earth no matter how nice it might have been before.
And it gives us friends.
It gives us that mighty hate.
The hate that makes us want to smite our brothers.
The hate that makes us get up in the morning.
And friends.
Without that foolishness and that mighty hate, why, we'd be no different from those normals.
Because we'd have nothing to gripe about.
And it's the mighty gripe power and the hate that gives us something for nothing.
Oh, in the long run, we may be poor and broke.
We may be drunk and neurotic.
But we've got Bob and the hate.
And for that, we can hate him.
Hate him.
Hate him.
And that's the power that we have.
And they don't have.
Oh, they got plenty of that diddly kind of hate.
Oh, I hate President Reagan.
Oh, I hate my job.
I hate myself.
That's the sick hate, friends.
That ain't no kind of hate at all.
We got that all-inclusive kind of hate.
That hate essence.
And it's the love of the hate that allows us to put up with just about anything.
So we can do something about it.
Because the Bob hate is indistinguishable from the Bob love.
It's what keeps him on his toes.
Bob is the aware man.
The natural man.
He can be walking along, humming to himself, playing pocket pool.
But the inner Bob is aware.
He can hear a fly.
He can hear a fly.
He can hear a fly sniff on a mountain far away.
And he can go up to that fly and look that fly in the eye and say, son, I'd like to sell
you a big old mound of waste byproducts from physical organisms.
And that fly will give his wings to Bob.
Bob is aware.
And that's how he can sell to these inferior creatures.
And that fly, he's going to be a better fly for it.
All those other flies, they're flitting from pile to pile.
They see him just sitting there without any wings on that big old mound of Bob.
And they may laugh now.
But winter goes by.
Summer goes by.
All those other flies starve.
But that little Bob fly, he's still sitting there on that pile, a munching away and a
munching away.
And that pile does not change because Bob, my friends, does not change.
Oh, he changes his mind.
He might suddenly change all the doctrine in the whole church right in the middle of
a ritual to teach us all an important lesson.
But oh, my friend, Bob Dobbs does not change.
Hold that name on the tip of your tongue.
Bob.
There's a B on either side.
Opposite poles.
That's a lesson right there.
Flip it over on your tongue.
Say it front way.
Say it backwards.
Say it upside down.
And what does it say?
It says Bob.
Because Bob does not change.
His promise rings true.
But if you ain't been sprinkled in the blood of the head, if you ain't been washed in the
waste byproducts of Bob, how are you going to get saved?
You can go to that party Saturday night, but you got to be wearing Bob's shadow.
You can drink beer.
You just got to get Bob drunk too.
And what about Wanda?
Oh, you're just going to have to give Wanda over to Bob.

That shouldn't be any problem.
Because Wanda, she found out from Bob how to get to heaven.
Sit down, boy.
Because friends, if you're wondering, Bob can love.
Bob can love.
Radio job.
I didn't set foot in a church for three years.
I was just fed up to here with it.
After working as an announcer at stations in several cities, I finally got to Hollywood.
I was offered four jobs, and I took one with a major network.
In 1947, I made a business trip to Cincinnati.
And it was just about then that the Kenneth Arnold sighting of the so-called flying saucers
hit the headlines.
And it caused a lot of conversation.
I was a little bit nervous.

I noticed you keep looking out the window.
You wouldn't be looking for these flying saucers, would you?
Well, as a matter of fact, yes.
You don't think it's just some kind of a publicity stunt then, huh?
No.
It's reasonable to suppose that there's life on other planets.
Maybe I ought to start looking for flying saucers too.
If they do come from another planet, how will we know?
Listen, when the occupants condescend to tell us, that's when.
I'm going to go.












Good God! Good God! Good God! Good God! Good God!
Now, Bob, you're getting to be a pretty big fella.
Yes, sir, maybe this is a good idea, a chance for us to have a little talk.
Why, sure, Dad. What's cooking?
Uh, remember the last time we talked about this old body of ours, Bob?
Yeah. Yeah, I remember, Dad.
No.
Oh, here's a match. Your pipe's gone out again.
Well, thanks.
But when a doctor speaks of the male organ, he...
Well, he calls it a...
When a man and a woman are married, Bob,
they love each other very much.
And in showing their love,
their instinct is to embrace each other as if...
Well, as if to try to become the one person God intended them to be.
The sperm, as the doctors call it.
Oh, is that the seed that helps make a new baby?
No, no, Bob.
Well, what I'm talking about now is the fluid that contains the...
formed in two little sacs beneath the penis, which we call the...
Oh, but, Dad, why do fellas get these...
these feelings before they get married?
Now, that's a good question, Bob.
Why do you ask here?
Well, there were some drawings in Bob's textbook.
What's the book?
I mean, to look at them honest and...
Well, then some of the older girls, well...
You mean they talk about things sometimes?
Well, yes.
Bob!
Bob?
Yes, Bob.
What's wrong with Bob?
Bob!
I know Bob, Bob days.
Bob, that's Bob, that's Bob.
...solidly commemorate...
Bob, Bob.
...the martyrdom of the prophet herald of our faith,
called Bob.
And in today's program, we're going to deal with the story of the Bob's martyrdom
and the events surrounding it.
Wow!
On that blistering July summer day,
there were the barrels of 750 rifles awaiting the command to fire
and take the Bob's life.
He seemed so young to die,
barely 30.
He was a handsome, gentle, and confident man.
Could I possibly be guilty of the shocking crime of which he was accused?
Would you get off your knees?
Somewhat unorthodox, wouldn't you say?
Reverend Scott, but realistic.
You deliver sermons like this, it's a wonder you're still an ordained minister.
Or are you?
The best kind.
Angry, rebellious, critical, a renegade.
Stripped of most of my so-called clerical powers.
But I'm still in business.
Well, you seem to be enjoying the punishment.
Punishment?
Ah, the church has blessed me, that's what it's done.
Vanished to some new country in Africa.
Hell, I had to look it up on the map to find out where I was going.
Oh, my bishop doesn't know it, but he's given me exactly what I wanted.
Elbow room.
Freedom!
Real freedom!
Get him to dump all the rules and all the trappings.
And freedom to discover God in my own way.
Did you call this an act?
They said it was an act, not every act.
Come on!
I saw a car, I saw an article in the reading of a recent Billy Graham column on religion.
It said, Dear Dr. Graham, I recently converted to Christianity.
And yet I'm not presently...
Killing doctors for Bob.
Is this perhaps a theological contradiction?
You're not feeding a born-again Christian without, at this moment, killing doctors for Bob.
That's the kind of forces we have against us.
Oh, hell, somebody needs a medical exam.
We've got to go.
My legs are on fire!
The hour for Christ's return was at hand.
The years between 1843 and 1847 were generally accepted as the time for the return of Christ.
A young man there declared that he was the one foretold in all the holy books of the past.
He said he had come to usher in a new era, a new springtime in the hearts of men.
He was called the Bob.
His name means the door or the gate.
And his teaching was to be the gateway.
To the new age of unity.
The world is one country, and mankind its citizens.
There is only one religion, and all the prophets have taught it.
Hellfire!
All right!
Okay, there's something else, too.
I noticed last Sunday that one of you put a quarter in the offering plate, see?
Yeah, Raymond Welch.
You're the one.
You put a quarter in there.
You tight son of a...
I see all that, see?
I'm up here where I can see it.
Y'all don't even look or nothing.
I can see it.
I know whatever one of you is giving.
All right.
I'm gonna maybe go to another church.
I don't know.
I don't give a...
Because I just about come to the end of the road.
Here I've just about lost patience with you people.
You know we need a Sunday School space out there.
And as Jesus had spoken to Peter the fisherman, the Bob spoke to a Persian student named Mullah Hussain.
Mullah Hussain described in his own words what his experience was like.
I sat still.
I sat still.
He was all bound by his utterance, oblivious of time.
This revelation so suddenly and impetuously thrust upon me came as a thunderbolt which
for a time seemed to have benumbed my faculties.
God is pretty busy.
He's got a long term plan for humanity that stretches far beyond our comprehension.
So it's not reasonable to expect him to concern himself with the individual.
The individual is important only to the extent of providing a creative link between the past and the future.
In his children.
Or in his grandchildren.
Or in the contribution he makes to humanity.
Therefore, don't pray to God to solve your problems.
Pray to that part of God within you.
To have the guts to fight for yourself.
God wants brave souls.
He wants winners.
Not quitters.
If you can't win, at least try to win.
God loves triers.
Is that right, Robin?
Right.
You're dealing with something totally alien.
Those hypnotic eyes.
Alien. Totally alien.
Something that must be.
Incredibly.
Unbelievably.
Something totally alien.
Looks like he's scrolling.
It's like I told Hitler that time.
Back when we were just a couple of running buddies.
One man's a bummer, another man's a beautiful thing.
And he always believed in that.
I kinda think these guys in this van
are a bunch of stupid little loony birds.
Well, man.
This is a pretty cool place, though.
Even if I'm by my head.
Robber.
You've got to be a robber.
You've got to be a robber.
When you're singing this song.
Yeah, you've got to be a robber.
For throbbing all night long.
Well, you've got to be a robber.
Yeah.
Probably singing this song.
A big robber.
Huh!
When you're singing this song.
Well, you got to be a robber.
For throbbing all night long.
Whoo-hoo.
For throbbing.
Well, singing this song.
Sifting a measured quantity of tanned flakes down into curved paper, spreading the flakes
so that they lay equal at the ends, with a slight depression in the middle.
Thumbs rolling the paper's inner edge down and up under the outer edge as four fingers
pressed it over, thumbs and fingers sliding to the paper's inner ends to hold it even
while tongue licked the flap, left forefinger and thumb pinching their end, while right
forefinger and thumb smoothed the damp seam, right forefinger and thumb twisting their
end.
Promise, you've got to stop promise, before you wreck your lungs, you've got to stop promise,
wreck your lungs.
Oh love, if you don't stop promise, you won't be green, drop it, no more.
You've got to stop promise, boy, you've got black lung or something there.
Huh!
Well you've got to stop promise for about four or five hours in real time, you've got
to stop promise, you've got to stop promise, you've got to stop promise, you've got to
stop promise.
A human mug is something that can't take that type of torment.
Anguished pain for a death long, stigitory time.
So, will you stop dropping now son or?
Well, that's just, that's it.
Huh!
But you know what happens when you stop dropping?
Well then pretty soon you're gonna come down son, you know what's gonna happen then?
You know what's gonna happen when you come down.
Well that's what you've gotta do, you've gotta stop.

You got to stop froppin'
Oh, friends, that's the Swingin' Love Corpses,
the uncharacteristic song,
You Got to Stop Froppin'.
Say, mama, come back now
I'll tell you right now
You got to stop froppin'
Frop, frop, froppin'
You got to stop froppin'
Yes, that's Dr. Philo Drummond singing,
Bob's right brain man,
the co-founder of the Church of the Subgenius,
now an obscure garage band bass player.
You ain't proud of it
But
You got me whacking your soul
And after that, we come to Pastor Bob Minkin'
taking us out to the end of the show with this mighty hit.
Drinking Budweiser
Watching Bob on TV
Oh, swallowing red men
The day my coon dog died
Reading the pamphlet
Over and over again
I was drinking Budweiser
And Bob was on TV
Oh, swallowing red men
The day that Uncle
Got kicked by a mule
I was with Cousin Junior
But the ending backfired
I was drunk
I was lonely
I was plastered
I was drinking Budweiser

And Bob was on TV
Drinking Budweiser
Watching Bob on TV
Swallowing red men
The day my coon dog died
Oh, reading the pamphlet
Over and over again





I was drinking Budweiser
And Bob was on TV
I was drinking Budweiser
Oh, yes.
Dear friends.
That was Bucknakin' and Jay Burzooing.
Drinking Bud, watching Bob.
You can write to Bob at P.O. Box 1403-06, Dallas, Texas 75216.
And in the meantime, this is KNON.
Oh, God.
I'm going to have to.
.





















