Your attention, ladies and gentlemen, your attention, please.
Announcing the arrival of the...
The genius, our...
I don't like it, Joe.
Yeah, me too.
We'll just have to sweat this out, handle whatever it is when it happens.
Joe, maybe if you went to him and said that you had to change your mind about...
Bob?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
And, of course, if you couldn't tell there, the Reverend Ivan Stang himself.
He's feeling mighty gingery and petty for his age.
So, there's 80 million things we could probably talk about, but...
That's way too many.
I don't have...
Yeah.
I can't possibly talk about that many.
We won't have that much time until the saucers take us away.
Yes, then there will be infinite time suspended in the timeless realm of space
to tell the same old stories over and over.
over again. Just like that
old gospel song, you know,
the one old ladies used to like about
Twill be my theme in glory
to tell the old, old story.
You'd think anybody who was there
would know that story. And yet,
when you see Mabel coming at
you and you know she's going to tell that story,
you can't say, stop! I don't want to
hear that story because you're in
heaven. Now there's
all the time in the world
to listen to Mabel tell that
story. Pull up a cloud.
She's going to tell it again.
And there'll be an exam
right afterwards.
You know, I never did very well in that.
I'm not so sure I'm in heaven.
I never did very well in physics, but it just occurred to me that maybe
just maybe this is a way you could get
yourself to have an infinite amount of time
as if you could get the rest
of the universe to start moving at the speed of light.
And if you were the only object
in the universe that was not moving at the speed of light,
then maybe you would actually have forever.
Well, you'd have existed
but everything else in the universe would not
as far as we know because
nothing in our universe can go
that fast.
You see, the atoms and stuff
like that are already going real
fast, but then when they have to
go the speed of light,
that's just faster than they can go.
It's impossible for anything with mass.
With a bunch of nothing except for you.
Which is kind of how life feels already.
The solipsistic fringe.
Ah, yes, indeed.
If it weren't for solipsism,
I wouldn't have any thoughts at all.
Actually, that's not entirely true.
Keep it clean.
Oh, I keep it very clean.
Everything except myself.
The Hour of Slack is a compendium
of the funniest and newest
from all the church of the subgenius
radio and stage shows, bands,
ranters, and collage artists,
plus some of the weirdest
of the indie audio underground.
It has been produced weekly since
1985 by
Reverend,
Reverend,
Reverend,

Reverend,


Reverend Stang.
I wrote that.
And a cast of hundreds, and it's syndicated
to several other college and independent
stations.
And it truly is fun for the whole family.
Fun for the whole family.
Some family.
Yeah, my family loves it.
Yeah, the holes love it.
For kids from 6 to 60 and oldsters and 90 years young.
Mr. and Mrs. Hole and little Junior Hole
and Betty Hole.
Hi.
They love the Hour of Slack.
Fun for the whole family.
All the holes here.
Yeah.
All the holes.
Yes, the B holes, the C holes,
and of course the A holes.
They love the show,
and they prove it by their
constant contributions,
donations, and calling in
live to this program.
And that number is
216-687-3515.
This is your chance to actually ask Dr. Howell.
That's right.
You can ask me who killed
the toads in the rice that killed
the poppy cockalorum and the cockahoo, Patrice.
I'm pretty sure it was the Jabberwocky.
You're not supposed to.
Well, all right.
Okay, well, you don't have to worry about that one.
And what name Achilles used
when he hid himself among women?
And what songs the sirens sang
which Sir Thomas Brown said
that somebody might figure out someday?
So call in, because I'm here
and I'm a-waitin' to answer your questions.
We were hoping to hear from Dave again,
and sadly, we didn't pick up.
We'll pick up in time, and hopefully he'll try again.
Well, he's listening. He's standing by.
He's getting ready.
He's arming himself to go into battle for Bob.
Well, most people call that
going to the bathroom again.
I was trying to save his blushes
from this embarrassing...
He blew that cover
the last show.
I truly believe that every bowel movement
should advance the plot somehow.
Well, you know, we shouldn't be too arch about this,
because think of all the greatness
which has come out of those private moments.
Beethoven composing his greatest music
and others, once behind the privacy door.
This even continues into the modern age,
why no less than Eminem claims that he invented
the character of Slim Shady
while practicing excremeditation.
It's quite possible, because the slack time
is the time when creative ideas fluoresce.
Screamin' Jay Hawkins said it all.
Grrrrrr!
Grrrrrr!
Let it out! Let it out!
This is a song about real pain!
That's why they called him Screamin' Jay.
Yep.
You know, I have not played a single poop song
in months on my program.
Oh, dearie me, no.
How could it be?
I've got a collection that you should probably have.
I just put two and two together.
So Reverend Klopp, I think, did...
Uh-oh.
These are so NPC.
I can't even say the name of the band.
When we were overseas...
Can you give us a euphemistic...
We were on Tommy Chong's show
and reprimanded for our scatological propensities.
The Differently Abled Poop Band, you might say.
Oh, righty.
Their songs were...
When you say differently abled...
Mentally challenged.
Did they use the word retarded?
Yeah. Yeah.
See, I think it's okay to use that word
as long as it's, like, not as an insult.
It used to be the nice word.
It used to be a euphemism.
You weren't feeble-minded, which is the old word.
You were retarded, which means it's not even you.
Something is holding you back.
You're just a little slow.
And then, you know, words like moron and idiot
used to be clinical terms,
and then they became insults.
I worked on several documentary films
for the National Association of Retarded Citizens,
which is what they were called, or NARC.
N-A-R-C.
Yes, a coincidence.
They changed the name.
Yeah, I wouldn't trust a group with that name.
Well, they did, you know, they realized
they had to use a different word than the word.
Yeah, well, constant expansion and contraction of language
creates some of these amusing conundrums.
That cassette is in Glen Rose, Texas, though.
I know where it is.
Oh, that's where they have that creation science museum
down there, don't they?
Oh, yeah, I can't wait to take you to that one.
Noah's Ark and so forth.
I cannot wait to get you there.
Bulging with dinosaurs.
Are you going to go visit in Kentucky?
Philodromand?
Philodromand, yeah.
Well, on the way?
I don't know.
Are you going to stop in at Philo's ranch?
No.
No.
He's a different direction.
Oh, all right.
If you can put it that way, I think I understand what you mean.
We stopped there between Ohio and Kentucky.

We're going to go to Ohio and Texas if we're not pulling a big trailer.
But we will be next time.
And the road from the highway to Philo's house is as daunting as the road from the highway to our house.
Wow.
Really daunting.
And you basically better not bring a trailer, a heavily laden trailer down that road.
Yeah, when are they going to fix up that road over the Borgo Pass that leads to Castle Dracula?
Nobody seems to want to do that.
I don't know what this is like.
It's pretty spooky driving to Philo's house the first couple of times.
Once you get past the booby traps and things, it's beautiful.
It's really, really gorgeous.
However, when they took me for a little walk in the woods, I came back with four ticks whose jaws are still implanted in my skin.
Huge, horrible, grape-like, bulging body.
No.
I got them before they got that big.
Oh, well.
The dogs didn't get any because the dogs take medicine that keeps ticks off them.
But they don't allow no humans to take that medicine.
No.
Oh, and we've been told that the tickery is really bad where we're going, Dr. House.
No, they love me too because I taste so good.
Why do you think we always bring you to X-Day?
You see all these—
He keeps the flies off of me.
The bloodsuckers, they like the blood that has just the right proportion of sugar and fat in there.
And they don't care about anybody else's blood once they can get that vintage stuff, that good stuff.
Dr. House, he sure does keep the flies off this watermelon.
Well, what about that weird superstition where you tack up a bag of water over the door and that's the point?
That's not a superstition.
My father-in-law did that.
And it keeps the flies away?
It kept the flies away.
Baggies of water hanging outside his woodshop.
Well, actually they were hanging all around inside the woodshop.
And somehow it seemed to throw off the flies' little fly dar.
The flies are thinking, there shouldn't be water in there.
This is crazy. It's insane. Let's get out of here.
It works. It works.
It poked her nostril started using it.
All right, let's remember that for X-Day. Staple up those bags all around the stage.
Yes, thanks for having me.
That's right.
Now, if you want to hear the whole story, the only way to do that is to get on down to Wisteria.
Get on down?
Yes, get ye down to Wisteria.
Let's look at the weather forecast for this week at Wisteria.
Oh, no.
Actually, it's improved, Princess Wee. It's not going to be thunderstorms all week long anymore.
Oh, good.
Oh, wait. No, they've come back.
It changed to rain on Monday.
We won't be there. It's over with. The world's over by Monday.
But, yeah, it's a good prediction of X-Day.
It's a cloud with a lightning bolt coming down, climaxing on Friday the 5th.
It'll only be 89 degrees.
89 degrees?
That's normal, actually.
We've had much, much worse with 89% humidity.
Well, I remember that lightning crack that happened while we were doing our broadcast.
Remember?
Remember it ran downhill into the little dingley dell where the grindhouse was?
Cue miracle lightning recording.
Yes.
How much room on the saucers?
Holy .
Don't worry, folks.
They've heard it a million times, because every time we bring it up, I've got a little file.
I just have to type search for the word lightning, and it pops up.
Hmm.
You can hear G. Gordon Gordon react to it with a bad word.
Holy .
Hmm.
Holy .
Yes, exactly. You can imagine.
Fill in expletive right there.
Yeah, I'll never forget.
It happened right down the hill from me.
I was there.
Maybe 100 points. Everybody was there.
But it happened to hit the grindhouse.
Yes.
Which is a tent full of projectors,
run by Reverend Fight C. Taj.
Bob, bless him.
Yeah.
And, uh...
I never saw that guy run so fast.
Well, you just...
When he realized what...
His britches were a burden.
He flew down there.
Yeah.
Yes.
It didn't hurt his stuff.
Now, once lightning struck the other campground,
whose name we shan't mention,
because of the identity theft.
Yeah.
And it hit a big metal pole that was in the middle of the place.
Yeah.
And people for about 100 feet around that pole fell down unconscious.
One of them was Bleepo's wife,
who said that...
None of them were injured,
but she said that all day she felt like
she'd been using the same batteries her whole life
and had just been changed.
At least she didn't turn into a pillar of salt.
I wonder if that was like a form of divine electroconvulsive therapy.
It was to show them that they had strayed from the truth.
They had strayed from the slackful path by their attitude.
Well, it was a campground full of witches.
Of course Jehovah's gonna be hurling lightning bolts.
Well, where was Hecate?
He missed, though.
That's the telling thing.
Hecate wasn't on duty to deflect it, or maybe she did.
Yeah, that's exactly it, Dr. Howell.
Hecate was there foiling the patriarchal father god's plan.
You know, and I have to say, I can't stand the idea of,
you know,
I like it to be colder than a witch's titty,
and I don't like it to be any warmer than a witch's titty.
Like, that's too hot already, you know?
I can't use this stuff.
Having a...
That's one of the bad words you can't say.
You can't say.
Before 11 o'clock, yeah, titty.
I said it.
I heard a disclaimer, and it's not really that big a dirty word,
because I used the diminutive form.
Right, it's not, yeah.
Perhaps you're familiar with the Clark Ashton Smith poem,
The Witch with Eyes of Amber?
Which describes just that phenomenon.
The cold mammary gland of a practitioner of the sorcerous arts.
I met a witch with amber eyes
Who slowly sang a scarlet rune
Shifting to an icy laughter
Like the laughter of the moon
Red as a wanton's was her mouth
And fair the breast she bade me take
With a word that clove and clung to her
Burning like a furnace flake
But from that high uplifted bosom
When I touched it with my hand
Came the many-needled coldness
Of a glacier-taken land
And lo, the witch with eyes of amber
Vanished like a blown-out flame
Leaving but a lichen-eaten stone
That bore a blotted name.
I'm gonna have to go to the bathroom real quick, you guys.
I'll be back in a minute.
Oh, there he goes.
You know, when you get old,
it kind of comes with the territory.
But the Reverend Stang will be back in...
We are all prostrate before the prostate.
...in two shakes of a fish's tail,
ere the leviathan can swim a league.
But, no, I can speak from personal experience
that the bosom of a witch is actually quite warm.
Hmm. Well, it's all relative.
Warm, cold, depends on where you stand in this interview.
I refuse to answer on the grounds
that it may tend to incriminate me.
Very well.
Or the witch.
But which witch?
Why not both?
Who what's it and which?
Yes, exactly.
But then there's the gravedigger's ass,
which is, in fact, cold.
But only the ones that work during the winter.
Right. Well, no...
It's cold in the ground.
When they come home and take a hot bath,
they're pretty much like everybody else,
but a little colder, maybe.
You've got to be kind of a cold person to...
The heat is not...
I have never frozen my ass off.
Like, of all the body parts that get cold
if I'm walking through the snow,
I have to say that the buttocks are the last part.
I don't think I've ever felt cold in that part of my body.
Yeah, a frostbite would be bad there.
It is the largest muscle in the body.
Mm-hmm.
Well, you tend to...
With things that are frostbitten,
you tend to lose, too.
Oh, yeah.
So...
I lost my ass on Mount Everest.
Here, you want to see?
Not a pretty sight.
And Voltaire's Candide,
you remember the old woman with only one buttock
because the bad guys cut it off.
Was that before or after they ate Dr. Pangloss?
Well, I thought it was way before.
Because I haven't read Candide in, like, 20 years.
But I actually stopped reading after the point
where Dr. Pangloss got cannibalized.
Or was that cannibalism?
Well, Candide makes it in the end, though.
He gets to go home and tend his...
Spoiler alert. Thank you.
Voltaire wrote another one called Micromigas
about giant, many-mile-high beings from Jupiter.
Or was it Saturn who visit the Earth
and try to find out if there's any chance
of any intelligence there at all?
You know, viewing the human-like bacteria,
you can't find any smarts like they've got
on their gas giant planets.
That's gonna have to spray for humans.
Psssh!
That's X-Day in a sentence.
They're gonna spray for humans.
Don't forget to shake the can.
To the excess, we are like the stuff
that grows on the edges of our sinks.
The bathtub fungus.
That we've smashed down with Clorox
every month or so.
They barely notice us except as kind of a grease.
Well, kind of them to notice us at all, isn't it?
Well, like I say, they're gonna apply the Clorox
in about seven days.
I believe it was the astronomer from...
Fred Hoyle who said,
if a beetle by your foot says,
would you mind not stepping on me,
you'd probably pay attention to it.
That's profound.
Some people would stomp on it
just because they're contrary.
But we're hoping that the X-ists
are a more enlightened turn of consciousness.
Oh, Bob, we don't have to worry about that
because we all have those membership cards in our house.
Well, they made their deal with Dobbs, of course.
Talk about the art of the deal.
This is all over and done with, sold.
Yeah, it was a contract.
Aliens wouldn't break a contract or anything.
Yes, well, we've seen the human intelligible part
of the contract, but how about the alien part?
Well, this is the one part where we have to question,
you know, do you really have faith in Bob or not?
Because we know Bob is the greatest salesman who ever was,
and it is written that he will fast-forward,
and he will talk the aliens and the gods themselves into sparing us.
Well, whatever happens, Bob is going to be all right.
Exactly.
We don't know if we can really trust him or not
because we know he's always...
Hey, why don't we take a caller here?
All right, let's bring that caller.
Hello, you're on the radio.
You are on the radio.
Hello.
Well, there he is.
He's right there.
This is Reverend Bitwise Byte Foolish of Urbana, Illinois.
How are you this evening?
Hello, Reverend Bitwise.
This is Dr. Hal.
Happy to talk to you.
Hi, Reverend Bitwise.
Can you hear me all right?
I have a fancy pair of Bluetooth headphones,
but I don't trust them entirely.
Yeah, we can hear you.
Oh, yeah, those Bluetooth...
Loud and clear.
The best thing about Bluetooth is they finally found a way
to make cell phones sound even worse.
They have gotten...
It is a lot worse these days than the old days of the line,
you know, your landline.
Of course, the landline would never fade out.
Can you imagine the slogan,
Can you hear me now?
for the old bell telephone system?
You'd be laughed off the TV.
Right, and not only that,
but all the neighbors could hear you, too.
Yes, the party line.
While you and your friend were yak, yak, yakkin' on the party line,
a baby died, and it's your fault.
Oh, no.
Hey, I have to...
I'm sorry.
I have to take a second here to say hello or ni hao
to our listener in Hunan.
Oh, in the Hunan area.
Hunan province?
Yes, indeed.
Boy, what good food they have there.
Well, you know, here's the funny thing.
People spoof their IP addresses all the time,
and I never know if...
Hot and sour chicken?
...if we're actually getting listeners from these places around the world.
I like to pretend that we are, but...
Which province is Shanghai?
Shanghai is...
You know what?
I don't know the name of that province.
Guangxi?
No, like Guangxi and Guangdong,
like, that's way down south.
No, no, I don't think so.
Because there's a subgenius there,
an American ex-pat in Shanghai,
Yes.
Reverend Shining Path of Least Resistance.
He's there right now.
Who has actually run some devival.
He has ex-day parties there.
They prepare for ex-day in China.
Yes, it's caused a regrettable international incident.
Shanghai is not in a province.
It is its own special administrative district.
What a wide-open city it is.
Not an autonomous zone.
Not an autonomous zone.
Um...
I used to know a lot of the provinces of China, but...
I have a good friend.
His name's Bob.
He was in Shanghai when it was bombed by the Japanese in the 1920s.
One of his youthful memories.
In the 1920s?
Yeah.
Who was doing the bombing?
Was it the warlords or was it the Japanese?
It was the Japanese at that time.
See, I've always said that World War II really started in Asia.
Well, it started...
It was on the way.
You could tell in the 1920s.
The war clouds were gathering all over the place.
There was the Spanish Civil War, too.
There was colonial unrest, and it was bound to come to a head.
And so it did.
The worst thing ever that happened up till then.
I was watching a documentary about Tiananmen Square earlier in the week.
Tiananmen Square.
The 30th anniversary.
Yes.
And I was thinking of a cohort.
Yes.
A worker of mine.
I work at a software company which has the habit of exploiting a lot of young Chinese
workers on H1B visas.
And she's actually headed back to China to visit her family and renew her visa.
And I was thinking to myself, I wonder if she has ever, during the time that she's been
here, sought out any information.
Now she's in a place where she can actually get it.
Or whether the policeman that's in her head is so strong that it genuinely never occurs
to her to look for it.
Oh, that's a good question.
I don't know.
The Tiananmen Square massacre happened to have happened, this is surely a coincidence.
30 years ago this year.
Three years to the day after I left a copy of the book of the subgenius in Tiananmen
Square with my friend Li Li Jing.
Yeah, I believe that's called Tiananmen Square.
Yeah, Tiananmen Square.
It's pronounced Tiananmen.
Tiananmen.
Under the giant Mao painting.
And I handed, we were going to leave China the next day, and I handed Li Jing a book,
the one copy of the book that I'd brought.
And we hugged and got all teary-eyed, actually.
Oh.
Yeah.
And I used him as the character in my story, Three-Fisted Tales of Bob.
Yes, I remember that story.
Or The Third Fist was the story.
I remember that story.
He was the hapless striped man in what was essentially-
Conclude with him the story.
It was, actually, you know, that was a Doc Savage-inspired story.
It's written in the Kenneth Robeson style, as much as I could do pretty easily, because
I read 35 of those things as a youth.
Here's an update.
Here's an update, all right?
I don't know if this is a coincidence or not, but since we mentioned the forbidden words,
Tiananmen, the listener in China is gone.
Oh, well, I see that's what happened.
Maybe the secret police went and got this guy just because they're listening to his
computer, and we're now responsible for someone being a political prisoner in China.
He probably lost all of his good citizen points and now can't get work.
He didn't say a damn thing about it.
It was us, us yammering and yammering.
That's all our fault.
The damn Yankees, getting them in trouble all over again.
As I recall, I read a story.
We would see.
Well, we wouldn't have known whether to believe it, but they've taken the monitoring of voice
communications over the phone offline because it's not useful anymore within the US.
You remember there were stories after September 11th where they were wiring into the buildings
there in San Francisco and tapping directly into those.
But people have shifted so much to text-based communication that they've made it a hell
of a lot easier for all of the automated communication.
They've got no-no machines to kick on.
They don't even need to go to the trouble of transcribing what people are saying now.
This is why I never talk about anything even remotely unsavory in a text message.
If you've ever gotten a text message from me, you will find it to be almost robotic-looking,
and that's just because of my paranoia.
A common safety precaution.
Well, you don't really have to use words anymore.
You just use a series of pictos, those little emojis.
That's after my time.
I don't think I have to use words anymore.








I am never going to be an emoji guy.
Now these emojis are in the Oxford English Dictionary.
I've got customs.
These goofy little faces.
I remember when they were called emoticons.
Yes.
And then for some reason we adopted the Japanese name for them.
I guess we know who really won the war now.
Yes, it was Pikachu.
I have thousands.
I know who he is.
We have thousands of...
Gesundheit.
Forget it.
We have a replica Pikachu now.
Thousands of emojis, you say?
I can't say.
I can't say.
He's a real emoji.







I have emojis.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I have stag emojis that look like me.
Stag emojis.
Yeah, you can get a little set of...
I'm pure.
You design your own little character that looks...
It's a bit limited, but Philo will send me pictures of a Philo emoji.
I'm pure green jelly over that.
Yeah, what you up to?
They all have...
There's a million little messages.
I don't have emojis.
Happy birthday.
Well...
I don't download apps.
I don't have one of those phones.
I probably do.
When I visit Robin Renee, she's always showing me that there's some little invisible cute
creature near me somewhere.
Oh, yeah, I can show you some cute creatures.
Yeah.
Some places.
They're not everywhere.
If you only knew.
You might want to mind your peas and kill...
She captures him, right, by hitting him with a little red ball?
Yes, she does all that stuff.
Yeah, it's very confusing.
There's one on the end of the table.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I'm running by the...
All right.

All right.
I want to take a minute.
I want to take a minute.
All right?
There are certain things where certain countries around the world and certain regions of different
countries, there's always that one thing they're never going to live down.
All right?
Like Germany, for example.
All right?
Forget about Beethoven.
Forget about Immanuel Kant.
Forget about Einstein.
Remember that time you tried to kill everybody?
All right?
And France, forget about their conquest of half of Africa.
Forget about Napoleon.
Remember that time you rolled over for the Nazis?
Oh, the South.
Oh, yeah.
Forget about the blues and all the good cooking that you got done.
Remember that time you tried to start your own country just to enslave people?
And then Japan.
They'll never live down Pikachu.
Aren't we all equally guilty in these examples of human folly?
They will...
Japan will never live down Pikachu.
Well, they'll just have to come up with something even less appropriate.
And I think that may be a done deal already.
I'm waiting for Grand Theft Auto Go.
I wish they would make a Grand Theft Auto game based in the Rust Belt.
Like San Andreas had three different cities in it.
Like I think it would be awesome to have one that's like Cleveland, Detroit, and Chicago
as the three cities.
I mean, each of those three cities had...
It has its own unique criminal culture.
Cleveland's flats and St. Louis' Clever Alley, Boston's North End.
The roster of infamy is infinite.
Glenn Rose talks to us.
Certainly the last time I was there, you could have blasted down Euclid Avenue in Cleveland
at 80 miles an hour on a Sunday afternoon and no one would have noticed at all.
Well, you can't do that anymore.
We've gentrified Euclid Avenue a bit.
They've cleaned up this town, mister.
Hello, you're on the radio.
Well, that's the thing.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Welcome back, Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
He's back.
They're coming back, so I have to do this.
Yeah.
The baby of my aunt is on the table of my uncle.
Well, then how, doctor, how would you retell the story, the joke better known as the aristocrat?
What would your way, what would you emphasize?
Well, yeah.
That seemed like a jungle of filth and imbecility which never made me laugh.
You see, a joke has to be funny to me before I can improve on it, so I never did like it.
I have failings.
That's one of them.
Oh, you haven't seen Penn & Teller's movie about the joke.
I have.
Oh, you have the 90-minute movie about the joke?

See, I never saw the movie about the joke.
I didn't care for that either.
I never saw the movie about the joke.
And, of course, when I first heard about the joke, the punchline was spoiled.
Yes, well, that's the idea.
But, okay, so, but what I'm saying is a few years later, I heard Gilbert Gottfried's version of it.
Yeah, that's a good one.
And that was, that was actually, like, for some reason, it's just something about his voice.
Like, I found it hilarious.
What it took me back to was elementary school days when kids would tell these deliberately bizarre, baroque, obscene stories about matters with which they had no experience.
And this sounds like one of those.
It sounds like a regression to the playground.
Are you trying to tell me that none of the members...
This is an anti-aristocrats, anti-monarchist statement.
Oh, I see.
It's like, you know, what do you call yourselves?
And there they are, they're, you know...
So, if they're the aristocrats, where are the peasantry?
Even worse, is that the idea?
No, the idea is that the...
Yeah.
You know.
You don't even have to explain this to me.
But the opposite attack in that movie was even more effective.
Do you remember Silverman's version of the joke?
Yes, I remember her entire section in the movie.
That was extraordinary.
That was just not...
She's really mellowed out.
...talking about things they don't, you know...
Yeah, she's done a bunch of movies.
She's not nearly as filthy as she is anymore, as she used to be, I mean.
She used to rub her fruiting cangus around the different places she did Conscious, and they said they had to call security numerous times on her for a disincentive.
I've taken that joke many times now.

I don't remember library vieläping.
Yeah, but...
...they went on a trial, the philosophy on frail devils taking matters on the phone was possible.
You know, I don't...
Taken away nine times since that game.
Oh, Tom Hager was...
Yeah, somewhere...
In a paybook, John Gregory was finding easier to sell
that they don't sell to any of our dear gentlemen.
All the hackers and all that stuff, they're just using their guns to kill tomorrow's masters.
What's the number?
The Yinsers.
So-called Collingwood accent or Collingwood accent in Cleveland.
And another accent called the Northern, the Great Lakes accent that can be heard all the way from Rochester all the way to Chicago.
Jack Benny's Rochester?
It's a little different once you get that far north.
You know, there's the Midwestern accent that lies over all.
For example, you would say you're going to wash your leg and so forth.
What do you mean?
I don't get it.
Wash or wash for wash.
Wash your windows.
Leg for leg.
Egg for egg.
Anyway.
That varies.
You understand how there are like so many.
Did you grow up in California?
No, sir.
I grew up in Illinois, the sucker state.
Okay.
Well, that's true from Illinois where you're speaking there because that has both the Northern and the Great Lakes accents.
And next to it, the Hoosier state, Indiana.
People say carries.
And, you know, they do.
Like in the Western Pennsylvania.
You know, not so much when you get to the Buckeye state, which is the crossroads of every classic Chicago accent.
Chicago.
Chicago.
Chicago.
Yeah.
And so forth.
And he was right about that, too.
You had to shoot yourself because who else would take you?
I mean, well, I think it's a line.
Well, he'll work.
You have to front, you know, all the different mail order devices left behind, you know, and just get on the Internet.
And all of a sudden there's a pop up that says, vote for me.
And you do usually.
I mean, I don't mean you vote for me, but you usually perform the act.
I never voted.
I never voted for you, Dave.
I'd vote for you, Dave.
I never saw you on the ballot.
You could be a write-in.
A write-in candidate.
Oh, my God.
There's one of those creatures in here.
Pardon me for interrupting you.
You can't see it.
Only I can see it with my special visor.
Well, it's somewhat uneasy making to know that there are all these cartoony monsters within reach of our arms.
It's an alien haunted station.
It's everywhere.
Speaking of stations, portions of the following broadcast will be objectionable to some members of the audience.
Therefore, WCSB advises the discretion.
The views and opinions expressed in the program are not necessarily those of WCSB or Cleveland State University or anybody with their head screwed on straight for that matter.
This is a very special episode of Synesthesia.
Thank you.










We have very special guests in the studio here.
Dr. Howland Owl.
Hello.
Reverend Ivan Stang.
Princess We Are Do.
Hi.
And by the way, Dr. Howl.
Yes?
Did you know my brother-in-law does an impression of you?
He does?
Yes, he does.
You know, it's funny because my...
I was going to say Lonesome Cowboy.
Dave was in the house, too, as well as Reverend Ivan Stang, whose names you admitted earlier.
Yes, Dave.
Thank you.
You are on the line.
I'm not necessarily on that perpendicular.
Argon, you're still on the line.
Speaking of, but in a land where false rumors are lies and not all things are considered,
I'm your best choice for this.
See, Dave, don't compare yourself to Argon, all right?
You may be noble and you may be full of gas, but Argon is the most abundant of the noble gases.
I think you're more like Radon.
How about Krypton?
Well, that makes perfect sense to me.
I don't mind being a common Radon, Pervon, G...
Noble gases are in their own column.
What would be required for...
Lonesome Cowboy Dave mitigation as a requirement of buying any house he had been in.
That would be either a cause or an effect or some problem, like, say, with sewage, I would probably assume.
Well, you know that all goes on your permanent floating record.
I think I need to take off, but I wish you all a very happy X-Day.
I wish I could come out and join you some week, but families and jobs and such have gotten in the way so far.
Well, if you're paid up, we can come and get you when the apocalypse happens.
Yes.
Thanks for coming, Dave Ryan.
Call anytime.
Oh, he's gone.
So anyway...
But you were about to ask something about old Johnny Appleseed, weren't you, Stan?
You were going to talk about that guy.
Actually, I was going to ask, if Johnny Appleseed was woke, somebody said they didn't think I was very woke.
I thought, well, doesn't that mean I'm not a pink?
Yeah.
Yeah.
You see, that means they don't know from pink, but they want you to be all into their new agenda of sexual and various types of liberation.
Can I say something real quick here?
Sure.
The very word woke itself, I think, is...
Wacht auf.
Yeah.
Despertado.
People...
Oh, you ever see the Spanish version of Awake magazine that the Jehovah's Witness put out?
Yes, they're always selling it in my neighborhood.
Yeah.
They have the Spanish version, too.
The Watchtower, also known as...
Despierta.
Yes.
To me...
Anyway, so woke, okay, I think this is an example of the younger generation not having had very good education in terms of how the English language works and how you can make the most out of it.
And I know this because I grew up in a time when the language was beginning to differ.
And also then as a residents establish it, how the German language got folded, how the French had organized this language.
But...
There's a flip side.

We're in our freedom, as a 저!!!!!!

I mean, we're a pre-uits and we're reading ourural directors학
The reason we talk about Ordat greens Parce tes.
I mean, these people were, at some point...
carefully selected words.
People knew exactly what they were trying to say,
and they spent a long time trying to craft these specific sentences
and use those specific words.
Think of the letters home from the Civil War soldiers.
They were all so eloquent.
They sounded like poetry,
and it was just some G.I. Joe Yankee soldier writing home to his mom.
Well, no, these were high school kids I'm talking about.
These guys had not even been to the war yet.
You're talking about the degeneration of the ability for people to communicate in general.
But my definition of woke really just comes down to being aware of
the various forms of oppression that exist in this world.
Now, that would be mine, too.
But the way it's used, at least by people who use it in a completely sincere and non-sarcastic way.
But it's a bad word.
Well, to me it means the same thing as sheeple because it's—
It's lost all meaning.
Yeah.
In other words, it's pinks who are sure—
They're right about everything because all their friends are.
Sheeple is a word that's only used by sheeple.
Who are so unoriginal that that's what they call everybody else they don't like.
But the very fact that they use it so heavily proves that they are, in fact,
the very bad sheeple they're talking about.
And those woke—
For how long it bubbled under, too, sheeple bubbled under for almost 30 years.
The usage for a person who just is a follower and not a sphincter.
And those individuals who describe themselves as woke
are clearly not awakened to the idea of proper grammar.
No, but they're awakened to not offending some 24-year-old writer for the Huffington Post
who determines everything that is proper.
Yeah.
Or don't upset that one guy's girlfriend.
Yeah, because she's got, well, you know, trigger issues.
Yeah, so, you know, you better change everything.
Can't eat a peanut.




What are you doing so that you don't trigger her?
You know, I've seen people with lethal peanut allergies.
Mm-hmm.
And it's not a pretty picture.
They go into spasms.
Look, are we sitting here to make fun of, like, how fragile and snowflakey the younger generation is?
Is that our prayer for you tonight?
No, but on the way here, they had to take all the peanuts off the plane that I was on.
No kidding, because of one person with a peanut allergy.
On the way from Cleveland Heights to the studio.
But there are some people.
They're very rare.
They're very rare.
And I think those very rare people ought to be able to have, like, a permanent tattoo.
Just make sure there's no peanut oil in the ink.
A big P on your forehead.
They should have a tattoo, like, something to show, like, no, this person really will die if you have peanuts in the room with them.
Because they're, like, one in several million.
Mm-hmm.
But these people actually do exist.
But all these other people, they want to say that they're that allergic.
Even though they're not.
Yes, but...
But it's a totally different phase.
It's a...
It's basically on Mr. Peanut.
It makes Mr. Peanut look and appear much different than he really does.
He's like the Grim Reaper.
A sinister fellow.
Yeah, like the Grim Reaper.
Like that commercial.
The Grim Reaper Mr. Peanut should be tattooed on their forehead.
A Mr. Peanut with a hood.
Instead of...
No.
Mr. Peanut, instead of a cane, he has a scythe.
Yeah.
Right, right.
Doesn't look so spiffy now with his spats and his top hat.
So you know not to serve, you know, if you see this person coming...
Cocktail peanut?
Never again.
Now, then this raises a philosophical question.
What's the greater offense?
Like me not being able to bring my peanut butter sandwich on the airplane with me?
Or that person dying?
Well, if your peanut butter sandwich causes that aircraft to crash...
I don't know.
This is not an easy question.
This question is not as easy as people like to think of it.
And at the end of the day, I think it is ultimately...
The responsibility of the person with a severe allergy to know that they need to navigate the world differently from everybody else.
But there's going to be that one time in a million where somebody with a severe lethal peanut allergy is going to have to fly somewhere for some reason.
Why don't they take some special stuff they can inject themselves with?
So just like bring the EpiPen with them, which would cost how many thousands of dollars now thanks to the pharmaceutical companies?
Just hire a private jet, you know, like I do.
Yeah.
Right.
I mean...
Sure.
Just me personally, like I'm willing to give up one little thing here or one little thing there if it makes the difference between life and death for another person.
If they can't afford it...
You can go on that plane and eat no peanuts and then get off that plane and you can wallow in peanuts.
There are people who will actually like go into anaphylactic shock if there's a peanut like, you know, a hundred feet away from them.
Even a picture of a peanut, yes, can cause a peanut.
That happened to a friend of mine.
You're being a little callous about this, I think.
No, this is what I hear.
No, they...
Let them eat peanuts.
I mean, I've heard of more, you know, I've heard of more ridiculous claims that had scientific merit or lack thereof, I should say.
Well, I never heard of these fellas a long time ago, but now they're everywhere.
These peanut intolerant people.
And remember all those Walt Disney Chip and Dale cartoons where for that pair, a peanut was the most exquisite thing that could possibly be imagined.
They're always trying to get a peanut away from Donald Duck.
Yeah, but walnuts are richer.
Yes, I know.
It's not nutrition.
It's the quest for the Holy Grail.
It's like gluten-free beer.
People drink three times as much beer and it's just the same old beer.
It gets you drunk.
Well, most of the people...
Because you don't get gluten-free.
Most of the people who go gluten-free don't even know what gluten is.
Well, it's everything bad.
It is a lectin, a vegetable protein.
It's like the Communist Party of America.
It's like the CPSU, the Unaligned Soviet Union.



It's gluten-free.
Never mind.
Gluten-free.
Well, this is the only...
I really feel sorry for Catholics with celiac.
The body of Christ will give them horrible cramps.
Saints of celiac.
Possibly even bloody diarrhea.
It's unfortunate, but...
Oh, God.
I've been making that joke for years and you know who stole that joke from me?
No.
David Cross stole that joke from me.
Not that he ever heard my joke.
Wow.
The same guy with the green...
That no good son of a...
Oh, man.
High profile steal there.
He was in a chipmunk.
He was in a chipmunk movie, too.
He was in two chipmunk movies.
So, go figure.
Indubitably.
Someone has to hang out with Alvin and Simon and so forth.
Yeah, but you can't expect too much from them, especially when they've already been stuffed
and molded so many years in advance.
That's all they got to do to some of those people, is put them in a small confined place
and just leave them there for a couple thousand years.
With a bag of peanuts?
That sounds unnecessarily vicious.
I would say divide the room and do an experiment.
The ones who ate the most peanuts, I'd have them describe their illnesses and so forth.
The other ones, I'd have them...
I'd give them the reins to the kingdom.
If this is your affliction, and I'm speaking seriously, you can't eat any peanut, let alone a bag of peanuts.
I'm not afflicting...
You can't even breathe the same air that a peanut is...
sassing you in.
So, you know...
No Thai food for you.
That's true.
No peanut sauce salad, no George Washington Carver special crunchy style plain or peanut M&M's.
You can't even listen to that song.
Peanut, peanut butter...
You can't even listen to that song.
Right, yeah.
Yeah, that Spanish song, peanut...
In Cuba, each merry may...
Wait a minute.
Wait up to this serenade.
Money, I say, come get them hot money, I said a lot.
If there has to be a Mario...
If you do not have bananas, don't be blue, peanuts in a little bag are waiting for you.
Peanuts, peanuts...
I can't believe that you guys all knew that song.
Oh yeah, I was taught that song in elementary school.
As was I!
Everybody ate peanuts back then.
Decades later.
There was none of this lily-livered, lally-gagging, eat a peanut.
Are you suggesting that maybe we make a eugenic argument?
That maybe we should put peanuts everywhere
just to put those peanut allergies out of the gene pool?
If only the little ones were allowed to play outside in the dirt
the way they used to be.
They would not be so vulnerable.
You see, I'm right on the cusp.
I'm right on the cusp of a couple generations, all right?
I'm like, I don't know if I belong to Gen X or the Millennials.
I really don't know.
Because I was a free-range kid.
And yes, I played in the dirt.
And I got in fights, and I would often go out,
and my parents had no idea where I was,
and then I'd come back once it got dark.
With a bag of peanuts.
With a bag of peanuts sometimes, yes.
Yeah, and your dog could just run around the neighborhood loose all day.
Right.
My dog was not allowed to run around loose.
And you could get on your bicycle and pedal to the rope swing by the junkyard
where you and the other kid get to swing out
way over a huge pile of old, sharp, metal, broken refrigerators.
Oh, yes.
And we'd get on our bikes.
Man, we saw rusty nails on the ground.
We'd take our shoes off.
That's how we were raised.
That was when men were men.
Sheep were scared.
And life was hot and merry, and the devil took the hindmost.
But not today.
Construction workers left the keys in their giant construction machines.
And I know because we had a lot of fun with a rock crusher one day,
scaring each other who would ride the conveyor belt up.
And the big thing was that we had to get to the top
and hope that we'd push the stop button before they were thrown down into the dump.
Hurled into the rock compactor.
The grinding jaws of the machine.
Yeah, if my parents could have seen me doing that,
they would have hoped me good.
They would have used carbide steel.
They probably did similar stuff when they were...
And tons and tons of carbide, these rocks as big as a house,
would go through the crusher there.
And guess who we had to work with?
A guy they called Killer, because three people had died on his shift
because of dumb things he did, like hitting the on button
when it was jammed and stuff like that, when people were trying to clean it.
Or just because he was there and there was the boss.
Well, they were exceptionally tolerant of him to keep him in their employ.
They had a fatality once every week or so.
Well, nowadays it would be on YouTube the next day.
If somebody would have shot it.
America's wackiest home video.
I've seen a video of an idiot getting his arm caught on a log
and being pulled into a chipper.
Just fast as hell.
Just like that.
It's the wood chipper challenge.
All the cool kids are doing it.
It's like in Fargo.
There's this pink spray coming out the other end.
It's not a CG.
Have you heard about the cinnamon challenge?
Cinnamon.
Oh, yeah.
The kids today, they do these challenge videos.
They go viral and they're like,
oh, yeah, you have to eat a whole spoonful of just plain cinnamon,
which could possibly kill you if you do it wrong.
But it's supposed to be good for you.
Yeah.
Well, in moderation.
I like the nutmeg challenge a lot better.
It's psychedelic.
Great minds think alike.
Now, we're not advocating that anybody do this but us.
Does that indemnify us for the train of little bloated corpses?
To that brood at turns?
This feels horrible.
I have been
So you guys just sat in new places?
Yeah, no pats.
It is soaaa horrible.
Yeah, no, no way.
No, he still is.
He's always aunties at some things and fans too.
The best guy in the world street is you,
and it's aadows.
Fuck only a famous couple.
PSAs back in the 60s?
In Arizona, it would say,
Will drugs turn you on?
Will drugs turn on you?
That would be on the TV every night.
And I can't remember why I was even thinking of that particular...
There was some PSA that I was thinking of a second ago
that I suddenly lost because...
Well, the weirdest one, I swear, this is true.
I wasn't drunk.
It's really happened.
Years ago in San Francisco, in the middle of the night,
all these safety PSAs came on,
and there was an anti-coffee one
with black people dancing, you know,
turning down people dressed as huge cups of coffee.
The caffeine, the cappuccino, you know,
and they're dancing and...
Black people discovered coffee.
I know. Who made this?
And it was shown.
My roommate, Paul Mavridis,
and I watched this thing with incredulity.
It was...
A PSA, an anti-coffee, anti-caffeine PSA
shown late at night.
How are the czar...
Why is it black people?
Those people are more susceptible.
They were entertainers.
They were doing the dances and...
Incredulity because they know what's going on.
Incredulity does know what's going on.
I'm just telling you, that's what it was.
Who knows?
Maybe these days you could look it up online.
Maybe you could even find it
on your computational device.
Somebody might have made a little copy of that.
If I found it, wouldn't I be lost?
You know what I'm saying?
Well, you would be wiser.
Older and wiser.
You'd know that not...
I'd be wizened.
You know, you might be at your wit's end.
But, on the other hand, it might be
something which opens the door to you.
Anti-coffee PSA.
Yep, that's what I was trying to say.
Are you trying to find it?
Because we did see it.
It was like in the...






In the late 70s or early 80s.
What is this?
It must have been the early 80s.
It must have been after 1984.
Reverend Stang has left the studio.
He's racing out to try to do just what I said.
To look up on the portable handheld device,
see if there's this film
of the 30-second anti-coffee PSA that we saw.
Well, you have to understand
that coffee is very important to Reverend Stang.
And to me.
And to society in general.
I mean, that's like the...
One drug they'll never outlaw.
Except for the Mormons.
How long was it?
Was the anti-coffee thing going on there?
It was about 28 seconds long.
I only saw it once.
But it was part of a raft of late night...
Ooh, unzip yourself, Princess Wee.
Princess Wee's getting comfortable in the studio.
Hubba hubba, look at that.
Well, I guess we're all kind of relaxed here.
As we talk about PSAs for our own...
Mr. Peanut.
It's the most fun thing about being on the radio.
You don't have to worry about being dressed or not.
That's right.
It's a...
I'm not wearing any pants!
T-M-I.
Uh, yes.
So, uh...
That goes a long way in describing
what's actually going on in the back and front of your mind
while you're doing any kind of radio performance.
Who knows who cares...
I'm not wearing any pants, you know.
...who wears the pairs of dead man's pants
that dance in the darkness of the sun.
So...
Oh, we're going to, uh,
greet Reverend Stang when he comes back
and find out if he found...
And here he is.
Did he find the PSA?
No.
Nope.
Well, it must have been...
Too obscure.
It must have been after 1984.
In the 80s.
There were quite a few of, uh,
hilarious anti-drinking PSAs.
They had those, too, at the same time.
But this is the only time we ever saw the anti-coffee one.
I actually saw a, uh, a rerun,
of that, uh, that show that was on MTV back in the 90s,
The State.
It was the sketch comedy, uh, show that they had
in, like, the early, mid-90s.
No, no, it was American.
Uh, and, uh, yeah, they had this one sketch
where they were all just, like, freaking out on coffee,
and it was almost like an anti-coffee PSA.
And I remember hearing...
It seems like the scientific community
cannot make up its mind on whether or not coffee
is, uh, good for you or bad for you.
And, uh, wait, you know what?
Speaking of not being able to make up your mind,
about what's good or bad for you,
I can't decide whether this show is or not.
Uh, but I do think it might be time
to just pause the program for just a couple messages.
Pause the refreshes.
From, uh, you know, well, you know, just to, uh...
Yeah, you know, just to, uh, service the public or whatever.
You're pretty much...
Just to, you know...
Polar bears are melting.
Polar bears are melting.
Polar bears are melting.
Ah!
Polar bears are melting.
Melting!
Polar bears are melting.
Melting!
Polar bears are melting.
Ah!
Polar bears are melting.
Ah!
Polar bears are melting.
Melting! Melting!
Polar bears are melting.
Ah!
Polar bears are melting.
Look what you've done!
From PR News in Washington, I'm filing false statements.
President Bush is hungry.
Americans understand that you should live in poverty.
In stocks 494141, this is PR News.
PR News.
PR's bad.
Iraqi justice officials say state troopers have the power to arrest PR News in Washington.
