Listen.
Alright, I'm one.
Going up in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
The Show Genius Hour of Swag.
We'll meet again at midnight.
We'll meet again at midnight.
We'll meet again at midnight.
We'll meet again at midnight.
We'll meet again at midnight.
We'll meet again at midnight.
We'll meet again at midnight.
I'm alive and well.
I'm alive and well.
I'm still alive and well.
Oh, thank you, Johnny Winter.
And thanks to Lee Murr for the titles and other things.
And the Empire Jones.
Jazz Orchestra.
Symphonies and riffs in the background.
Here.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
I ain't dead yet.
Which is why I played that Johnny Winter song.
My x-rays came back.
And by golly, I've been hobbling around with old compression fractures in my neck and back.
Along with the arthritis.
So I wasn't being a namby-pamby weiner crybaby after all.
So.
So this show number 1805 is part rerun of number 76 and part new with the rest of the interview with Sandy Boone and Dr. Philodrummond about the subgenius movie on the Film School podcast.
But first, let's go back in time with a media barrage leading up to G. Gordon Gordon's classic, It's Not Just The.
I'm trying to make believe I'm you.
Oh.
Just a stranger on the outside looking in.
People say that life is fun.
But I don't know why.
As far as I can tell.
Life sucks.
Life sucks.
Life sucks.
Then you die.
Within the last 12 hours, we have received a number of.
Unconfirmed report from throughout the nation, that may or may not be connected with this strange phenomena.
Bob?
L words.


I'm so sorry.
Hello.
Why does this�
Help me too.
I'm sorry.
No rent, no access.
No interest.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
We will control the vertical.
Don't kill them.
Suspect.
You'd better to live on your feet than to die on your knees.
Enjoy life like Bob.
Get to your heads, Satan.
Do not be afraid.
I am not here to harm you.
I know you want to destroy me.
But listen.
Please listen.
I only want to help you.
I've chosen you.
Well, I'm sure that's very flattering, but I must get on with my work now.
They don't love you, Bob.
They don't love you like I do.
It's not just the wars and the awards that win them.
It's not just the dull and empty distaste for a smothered culture
that expires all around you in pools of its own wastes.
It's not just the terminal folds of noon.
It's not just the child zombies that murder their mediocrity parents
and then cruise the streets with bloody feet.
It's not just the...
Those starry old becks on the park benches with looks on their faces
like those who shuffled out of the boxcars of Belsen and Auschwitz.
It's not just the anesthesiologist for Negi.
It's not just the heaving pink meat masses that grope and clutch all around you.
It's not just the diner bones for Wotan.
It's not just the broken headlights, snapped antenna, and human excrement
on your car.
It's not just the old ways were best.
It's not just the bastardization and perversion of every honest means of self-expression.
It's not just the penoid snipers locking and loading on every high-rise rooftop.
It's not just the widescreen technicolor corporate daisy chain
that has defiled the entire planet.
It's not just Mongo in the Congo with fa-fa-fas,
and the size of the...

and the size of basketballs.
It's not just the prophets crying lonely and alone in the wilderness.
It's not just the indignity of having to work for some bland, non-entity son of a b-
Bob?
... who thinks workers are property.
It's not just the blueness of the wound cleansed by evil.
It's not just the battling eco-freaks who want to go back to nature without realizing that nature is an open-ditch latrine in midsummer.
It's not just some-
Bob?
... with a pipe, and a...
Bob?
... eating I-know-more-than-you-do dog grin all over his homogenized face.
It's not just the horrible feeling of being entrapped inside a regimented, devolving world that you certainly never made.
It's not just the doorway to doom.
It's not just wanting to know what the hell is really going on.
It's not just the missing H's or the stolen alpha-beta-max.
No, dear friends, there is more to it all.
Bob ain't no nickel-dime bum-show.
I put it to you, he's on the square and a corking fine business proposition.
He's the grandest thing yet, and don't you forget it.
Shout salvation and fightin' Jesus, you'll need to rise precious early, you sinner there, if you want to diddle the almighty Bob.
No, he's got cough mixture with a punch on it for you, my friend.
In his back pocket. Just you try it.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob,Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ha, Ma, Bi, Bi-Bam, Bi-Bam, Bab, Bab, Ba, Ba,Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba-Baw, Ba, Ba, Ba, Ba-Bam
Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Well, I want to I want to ask Sandy in terms of sort of the challenges and sort of telling the story is as Reverend Drummond has just laid out.
It was there was so there was there's so much here and you could kind of get caught up in a lot of the detail of it.
But sort of what was your challenge in trying to tell this story?
Because you had the two principals here, obviously, the two people who really made this thing run.
What did you find in terms of, you know, storytelling that you you wanted to try and try and accomplish?
Well, actually, there's many difficulties in telling this story, because as Dr.
Drummond will tell you, there's all these different schisms.
And so, though, he and Ivan Stang are supposedly the leaders or the founders.
Yes.
Everybody runs their own show.
So there's like there was an Arkansas group and a San Francisco group.
And there's a group that Dr.
What was his name?
Oh, I think it was.
Anyway, he was out of Florida and they're all doing their own spin on what this is supposed to be.
And they're all claiming that theirs is the most important part of the subgenius or, you know, the most vital part.
And so it's just.
I didn't I kind of chose to stick with the Stan Cross 패 and the담.
It's thisyi second kind of guy, and he's like, look, like they didn't, they didn't do enough start.
This is just not to be, just to be your move to how to write, dig in the middle.
Anybody wants to go into.
Ivory, like ours at плюс was when I got out of high school and did my first film,

And the first time that I did the first film was where I wanted to shoot for昶etta biggest,

So there were lots of days in high school.
and try to come up with,
to explain what the church was
with many definitions
that a lot of people have never heard of.
They don't know what a pink was or a normal.
And then as you're trying to give certain definitions,
the church is truly,
the people that are interviewing are saying,
well, that's their definition of the same word.
And so you never really,
I mean, they don't want to be defined.
So that made it difficult.
So I had to come up with a storyline
that would not only explain their history,
encompass as much of the church as I could,
but also relate to our modern world.
So this wouldn't just be a subgenius maybe,
and use it.
So hopefully the church would not only tell their story,
and we wanted to do what Doug asked,
which is, they're getting older,
they're concerned that they would turn
into a silentology or Mormonism
if the truth didn't finally come out.
And there were too many people at the time
that really wanted this to be a real cult.
So that was an issue.
And then also show how cults and cult practices
are used in politics today.
That gave it the world renowned information and connections.
So people wouldn't,
if they weren't even introduced to subgenius,
they could see how these guys that were really,
I hate to say this, Dr. Drummond,
but nobody from Dallas, Texas,
turned this thing into a worldwide cult.
Whether it's a joke or not, it still was a cult.
Right.
Well, Sandy, I thank you for saying that
because that is what the film is.
It is a film that if you hadn't,
and I had no idea that the church of the subgenius
existed until I saw the film.
And so for me, it was such an enjoyable watch.
And one of the things that I, again,
I think the Reverend Drummond would echo this.
And that is, this is a church,
and I'm using air quotes here,
church that promotes schisms,
which I just, and there's just so many things,
the devival instead of a revival,
all the things about it are intended, in my opinion,
are intended to like flashing red lights to say,
this is what you,
this is the part where you normally,
we would be talking to you about joining
and getting your family to join.
We're not here to do that.
In fact, we're here to make sure
your family doesn't join the church.
And I mean, there's just so many things about it
that are funny, satirical, and true.
And I think that's the subgenius
of what their philosophy is,
is while all of these things on some level
are a lot of fun,
they're also pointing out
some hard truths about social norms.
That's true.
And one of the things that I kept saying
through the entire movie,
not on screen was,
a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down.
How am I going to get the broader audience
to be interested, watch this movie,
and actually learn something
once they walk away,
take something with them.
And it's the guy's humor.
I mean,
they're hilarious.
And a lot of these people,
and they're actually,
in fact,
one of the subgenius just accused me
of revealing that they are truly teddy bears
and that was not supposed to what was happening.
Well, you know,
when you walk into this hornet's nest
of terrible people, Sandy,
this is what's going to happen.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Oh, dear friends,
I've got a short sermon to do here.
And this is mostly,
this is going to be mostly for those of you
who have been regular listeners of the show.
And the rest of you probably ought to just go away,
go to the bathroom for about five, ten minutes,
then come back for more horrible tape.
Well, I've got a letter here, friends.
A letter from Sister Mandy.
And I'm going to read this letter.
It's pertinent.
She says,
I hope the show pulls in what was promised.
It would be a cry in shame if you had to die again.
But then again,
what was this,
this,
this excretive deleted
coming out of my radio last hour of Slack?
Actually, she's talking about two hours of Slack ago,
two weeks ago.
I can't believe you would rag on native Texans
because they're not as rowdy as some chowderhead Yankees.
Now, dear friends,
let me,
let me intercede here and say that,
uh,
it's not y'all's lack of rowdiness at all,
but the lack of airplane tickets that you would provide
to get other subgenius preachers down here for a show.
But Sister Mandy continues.
Now, I don't know if you are a real Texan or just a transplant.
I'm sorry.
I know I don't sound like I was raised in North Richland Hills and Fort Worth.
Uh,
but, uh,
maybe you like cold winter,
she says.
And the way they,
they pepperage farm and clam chowder.
Maybe now we women of Texas aren't good enough for old Reverend Ivan Stang anymore.
Is that it,
huh?
Well,
no comment there,
but,
uh,
Texans are Bob's chosen.
It's always been that way,
but that's why it's so disappointing that they don't act like it.
I certainly do.
Mandy continues.
I don't know.
I can't believe that the subgeniuses of Dallas don't have the,
uh,
say,
cojones to manage to put together a butt-kicking,
glass,
glass grinding,
splendiferous type,
D Vival.
And friends,
uh,
it's,
it's not the cojones is needed,
but the energy and the know how the art scam expertise,
uh,
she goes,
I'd be willing to give myself in every way possible to help.
Although I'm a prisoner of the conspiracy,
so-called educational system,
Irving.
Oh,
I think school.
Yeah.
I want to help when I can,
you know,
as well as I,
that Dallas is capable of it.
So cram this Boston BS and save your,
your evil fluids for Dallas.
But friends is Dallas capable.
For instance,
the most high buck disco club in Dallas.
Miss straw couldn't handle the technical demands of one extra VHS tape deck,
which you operate in your own home.
She goes,
uh,
yeah,
I realized that your rant was meant to inflame,
but all it did was,
uh,
well,
I can't say this,
but anger people and friends.
I know that's true.
And it's because I delivered it poorly.
She says,
I know,
I know you can do better than that.
And that's true.
When I've had enough sleep,
do something.
I can't read the something to them.
If they can't take a joke,
do more than anger them,
challenge us and friends.
Some did take it as a challenge,
which is how,
how it was meant to be.
She says,
uh,
Dallas loves stupid.
Look at some of our swinging singles,
meat lockers,
have a national devival or something named for Dallas is cojones and threatened to have them kicked by San Francisco or something.
Make yourself the most hated man in Dallas for without hate.
There is no love.
And without love,
there is no Bob.
Bob equals hate equals love.
Did you say that?
Or was it me?
It was me,
Mandy.
I don't remember,
but do it staying.
I know you can.
Well,
you know,
when I've had enough sleep and had a little bit of slack,
usually,
Oh,
what does that mean?
The music stopped all of a sudden,
but it's true.
I couldn't agree with you more about that after Boston hour of slack.
Uh,
cause after I'd finally gotten to bed and slept for 13 hours,
I listened to that tape.
The show and went,
Oh my God,
I sound almost drunk.
And,
but keep in mind that,
uh,
stupidity is certainly no sin in this church.
Then I was just playing burned out,
tired,
tired friends.
And on top of that,
I was being facetious,
but I just wasn't being facetious well.
So it came off the wrong way.
Now,
uh,
you know,
when you go for four hours of sleep a night,
but it happens,
you don't get the slack.
But then when I got to Boston,
my buddies,
doctors for Bob and I did get slack,
but although it was partly slack through overwork,
which is an unusual form of slack,
but many of us emergent tiles have to get slack that way,
as opposed to you rewarding types of geniuses who I envy by the way.
But number one,
you got to remember that by definition,
a sub genius preacher has not only the right,
but the obligation,
dear friends to make severe and even tragic mistakes.
Now look at the rival cults,
uh,
the,
some of your local Christian denominations,
let's say that preach total goodness and perfection.
They live friends in a false,
dangerous fantasy world.
And when they show their humanity as Jim and Tammy Baker did,
Oh,
they're castigated by their people.
They're fired off their jobs and they sure look stupid.
They make Christianity.
look even stupider to the average American, which is okay with me.
But in their smug, self-deluding pride, friends,
they set goals that are not only impossible, but actually ridiculously unnecessary.
And when they can't attain those goals, then they just get more fanatical
and can't admit that they couldn't cut what they set up for themselves.
And their people are so strung out between constant states of false happiness or guilt.
I don't know.
We now know that Jim and Tammy, for all those years, were actually only acting happy.
But living that lie just compounded their misery.
And millions of people do this to themselves
because they think God is as ignorant and tolerant and insecure as they are.
But then that's their idea of wisdom and goodness, I guess.
Hiding their real feelings, living a lie, deliberately short-circuiting their instincts,
pretending.
That's what they do.
They're pretending, friends.
Now, you can accuse the subgeniuses of pretending,
but, you know, in a way, they pretend much, much worse than we do.
So when I come on the air and sound like a vindictive jerk,
remember that at least I'm being honest.
If I'm beat, worn out,
I don't take speed like Tammy Baker
to pretend that I've got superhuman energy.
I act like I feel.
I prove beyond a doubt that I can be just as overextended, overwrought, insensitive, and incoherent as any of you.
And yet, even with all these personality flaws, weaknesses, and staccato speech patterns,
yet I know that Bob gives me an excuse.
He doesn't need to forgive me because I didn't do anything evil.
I screwed up.
And Bob loves me.
And Bob loves me for that.
It's the power to fail, friends.
It's the power that the subgenius popes have and these rival popes can't ever have.
And the irony, friends, the irony.
It's like with the pledge drives.
The hour of slack listeners are 50% paid up right now, or probably more by now.
But yet, now those gospel folks, they pledged and pledged.
They pledged and pledged because they were so full of faith.
And only 10% at best.
And in some cases, 6% bothered to fulfill the commitment.
Because in Christianity, pretending and promising is good enough.
That's what faith means, friends.
It means you've decided to be satisfied no matter what.
Because you're going to pretend everything's okay.
Oh, it's God's will.
So therefore, you don't have to do anything about it.
Leave it to God, dear friends.
Grace through faith, not works.
Jesus said, be like children.
And you know, Tammy can't go to bed with her husband without keeping her fake eyelashes,
her bat wing size fake eyelashes on.
I read that in the paper today.
That's how you keep your husband.
Wear makeup to bed.
Pretending, friends.
Yeah, they're like children all right, but they're like seventh grade children.
Cruel, gossiping liars and bullies that roam in cliques and packs looking for weak, unsuspecting
minority victims.
Oh, they have faith all right.
Faith that any nasty thing they do didn't count if God forgave it in their head.
And if you're having the kind of fun they can't experience, then that must be sin.
Because in their eyes, friends, slack is the ultimate sin.
The devil hates slack too.
And when you look at the basic beliefs and behavior of a lot of these fundamentalist
Christians, they have a lot in common with the devil, friends.
A whole lot more in common with the devil than Jesus.
Now, subgenius is rationalized too, but our rationalization is so absurd that it allows
us the slack to remember that it's just a rationalization and there's still work to
do.
Praise Bob.
Oh, God.
Here's this Tammy Baker interview.
Yes, she rarely goes to bed without her makeup, swears by her false eyelashes, and wears different
wigs for her husband, Jim.
And that still wasn't good enough.
Was it?
No, Jessica Hahn, she didn't have to change wigs every night.
Jim very seldom seen me without makeup and hardly ever in my life without my eyelashes.
I think every woman ought to wear eyelashes.
Yeah, I think natural born eyelashes are kind of good too.
They keep the water out of your eyes.
The sweat, if you're inhuman enough to sweat, unlike Miss Tammy.
Oh, God.
Well, I've got more of that rant to go on.
But in the meantime, I'm going to go to bed.

See you in the morning, Tom.
Until then.
Oh!
.
When confederate flags flutter and fly.
I won't stand back, I won't stand by.
When the proud boys get a rallying cry.
I won't stand back, and I won't stand by.
In the face of hate, I won't stand back.

In the face of a lie, I won't stand back, I won't stand by.
I won't watch our freedom die, I won't stand back, I won't stand by.
Time is now, time is short, voting's not a spectator sport.
Ask me and I'll reply, I won't stand back and I won't stand by.
There's a sickness we can't deny, don't stand back, don't stand by.
You might be scared, but don't be shy, don't stand back, don't stand by.
Time is short, time is now, they get away with what we allow.
There's only do, there is no try.
Don't stand back, don't stand by.
Don't stand back, don't stand by.
In the face of hate,
In the face of hate,

In the face of a lie, don't stand back, don't stand by.
Toe to toe and eye to eye, don't stand back, don't stand by.
Don't stand back, don't stand by.
And I won't stand back, I won't stand by.
I won't stand back, I won't stand by.
That was Stuart Stott's Local 2020,
part of a new huge stack of music recently sent to me by Reverend Velveteen Sly
of beloved Sister Station WORT in Madison.
We have a lot to listen to,
and listening is harder work than some might think for a partially deaf person.
But now, back to our Slight No. 76 from 1986
with Sister Chris on her old subgenius show on WFMU in New Jersey.
And let me tell you, friends,
it's not just the swelling coffers of the elder bankers.
It's not just the truncated detention spans of the conspiracy glorps
scrambling to get that ever-elusive status symbol.
It's not just the vapid shells of the chicken-like models
posing on camera.
It's not just the puppet rock idols
playing into the hands of the hell-spawned image consultants.
It's not just the cannibal zombies gorging themselves on self-interest.
It's not just the video pigs wallowing in visual sludge.
It's not just the mellow morons
stuck in a time zone from the good old days, man.
It's not just the aerobic airheads
working themselves into a cardiac arrest.
It's not just the talentless pinks
hooked into a groove devoid of style.
It's not just the fuzzy dice brains rampaging like the Visigoths.
It's not just the misguided gummy space creatures.
It's not just the oppression of the raging slabs of the lame leftists.
It's not just the frothy mouths of the reactionaries.
It's not just the blank food tubes slamming their craniums against the walls of their own creation.
It's not just the empty youth culture borrowing from the ABC cartoons.

It's not just the computerized format of possible personas.
It's that and a whole lot more.
Thank you, Sister Chris. We love you.
Join us now, shall we?
Yes, join us at the ankles and hips.
Thank you.
Now we're ready to hop off to our special sky ride.
Don't you wish you were with us?
Well, send in your money, and maybe some money, too.

One day, you can.
No, really, we're a fun crowd.
You'd like us to move in next door to you.
To you, we'd be indistinguishable from the others you might see in your town.
Oh, maybe we'd have a wink in our twinkling eye, or a smile or a leer on our lips,
but otherwise, we'd look like everyday Joe Lunchbale,
a good, solid, honest, cream-colored working man,
ready to move in next to you and send the property values soaring.
How about it, America?
Well, let's try it out, huh?
For a typewritten transcript of this show, you'd have to be out of...
What's going on? I feel so sleepy!
Disobedient to parents, a subgenius.
Steals, a subgenius.
Lies, a subgenius.
Hater of God, a subgenius.
Whisperer, a subgenius.
Whoremonger, a subgenius.
Envious, a subgenius.
Pride, a subgenius.
A backbiter, a subgenius.
A deceitful person, a subgenius.
A hypocrite, a subgenius.
Unmerciful, a subplenius.
A false accuser, a subpenius.
Well, I guess that about wraps it up. That's your typical subgenius now.
And, uh...
Monk, I don't need Dobbs. There's nothing wrong with me. I'll make it my way.
Oh, good.
I must have been insane. What can I say? I'm lost without Dobbs.
Without Bob, I'm guilty. Guilty.
Be not deceived. Dobbs is not mocked. For whosoever a man soeth, him also shall he reap.
For it is my shepherd, I shall not want.
That's right, dear friends. That's right.
Uh, thank you, Reverend Howe.
I guess he wasn't a doctor yet.
Now, I'm about to play a beloved piece by our heroes, the Firesign Theatre.
From the album and film, Everything You Know Is Wrong.
I believe that soon, that album will be having its 50th anniversary.
This year is the 50th anniversary of the previous album, Don't Crush That Dwarf, Hand Me The Pliers.
That probably doesn't make you feel old, if you aren't old.
The Firesign Theatre.
The Firesign Theatre.

The Firesign Theatre.
The Firesign Theatre.
The Firesign Theatre.
You're old or happy.
I wanted the woods and the Indians to sleep with me.
But I was afraid of the cold and made them sleep outside.
So, I never felt the touch of a warm, naked Indian.
Or, or in a cold, naked forest.
Ben Franklin.
The only President of the United States.
who was never President of the United States. Was he an early drug user? Let's
see. He wrote of it in Poor Dick's Conspiracy in 1761 while still an
apprentice book baker in colonial Philadelphia.
So I betook me to the hash fire inn for a secret caucus of the hotheads, rebellious
libertines all lusting for life and liberty. The real George Washington brought the hemp,
and all of the evening cleaners. We quickly proceeded to get slag of the
medals and young Tom Everson goodly stretched by the hemp, which smoked us
all like Boston's scrot. What a fetid fervor of freedom.
I say, let's have a revolution.
Straight looked glarily Sam the tax collector, to which Big Ben replied,
Fine, Sam.
You're a good man.
Then we can invite over a bunch of immigrants and make cars.
Yes, 1761. Hemp kindled the fire of American history.
Never be clockwork villains.
History.
I want to remind our listeners that we're talking with the director,
producer, and the writer of this wonderful film, J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius.
And so that's important. And I'm going to ask Reverend Drummond here.
I have to ask you this because I'm a comedy nut. I go way back with all this stuff.
But were you guys influenced at all by Fireside Theater?
Oh, yeah, definitely. We were big Fireside Theater fans.
We, you know, one of the terms early on in the church, one of the terms that, you know, I was a big Fireside Theater fan.
Reverend Stang and I developed was the term called Macho Irony,
is that we wanted this to be as ironic as it could be.
So sometimes we would say, we would say the most blatant lies, but we try to do it with the straightest face possible.
Make them sound as true as they are.
And people would say, I can't believe you can say that with a straight face.
But I mean, that was part of the whole thing is that, you know, we really enjoyed the whole sense of irony.
And I think that's what we're trying to do.
We tried to put it into everything.
And, you know, kind of like nowadays, nobody gets a joke anymore.
It's sort of like we're in a post irony period.
We are.
People don't even understand it anymore.
You know, you get in trouble for joking around, saying the wrong things.
It's real easy these days, you know, and those were the kind of things that we kind of filled our cart with back in the old days, you know.
So it's, and part of that was in that time making fun of the people.
And I think the idea of making fun of something and showing how ridiculous it was was a good way to teach people about things.
We did over time build a pretty large community of people that even today all communicate with each other.
You know, they've got there's probably 25 different Facebook groups where people are, you know, the subgenius film society, the subgenius book club.
And so genius slack hole.
And all these different places that people gather.
And sort of in the name of Bob.
And, and they do it, they do it.
It's just part of their lives.
And for some people, it really did fill that void that that sense of community that maybe in the past was filled by a church or some religious organization now is like, we can get all that same stuff that they used to offer but we can get it from these guys, you know this.
And, and we can sort of make up our own rules.
Yeah.
And, and just be people.
And, and so that's been kind of interesting as the community that has developed over time and that and Sandy said something about earlier it's not like we were afraid we're going to pass that pass away tomorrow or anything but there's a lot of people out there that up until, you know, I would say, maybe a year, two years ago.
They didn't know that Steve Wilcox and Philo Drummond was the same person because, you know, for 40 years.
I never left the church.
I never let my guard down.
When I was Philo, I was Philo, you know, he has a little bit different personality than Steve does, you know, and I think that a lot of subgenius is who chose their own subgenius name were ready to assume an identity that they felt inside for a long time but didn't feel comfortable wearing it in public, you know.
I do want to go back to because that we were talking about the late 70s, early 80s is when the church began to form and come up with the sort of the iconography of the church.

And I think that's really important.

And I think that's the, you know, the iconography and sort of the some of the broad outlines of the church.
But you know, this is an era and I'm going to go back and sort of betray my, my age here a little bit.
But I mentioned Fireside Theater, there was the National Lampoon Radio Dinner Hour, there were a lot of, there was a lot of humor around during that time.
That was ironic, that was sardonic, that was, that was, had turned things on its head, took, took convention, and really torqued it, really made it weird, right?
Yeah.
And I think of R. Crumb, you mentioned him earlier as some of these, there was that late 60s into the 70s, that sort of mindset.
It was about anti-authoritarianism, it was about, you know, F the man, you know, he's not going to tell me, that's all that stuff.
And over time, it got a little weird and a little misogynistic over time.
But, but there was a real nice period there, where it was genuinely funny, genuinely heartfelt.
And I think, for me, that's what you embody in, in, in the church.

And I think that's what you do in the film, and in the whole, that, you captured that sort of zeitgeist.
It, is that, am I being fair to you and to the church?
Oh yeah, I think so, and I think that's what Sandy was, she definitely picked that up in the film.
And I don't know that we could have done it, because we're just sort of too close to it, you know?
Yeah, I want to ask Sandy, we just got a couple more minutes.
Sandy, you know, it's, what's, there's a lot of fun things about it, but one of the things about J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
it was the finding the people who are fans, and Richard Linklater is in the film, Nick Offerman, Penn Jillette,
there are a number of people that are cool people in the film.
What was it like to go to them and hearing what they had to say about the church?
Well, there's, there's so many, but we even contacted R. Crumb, but he was ill at the time, and he could not do the interview.
But there were several that were willing, and so, and, and David Byrne was a big part of it.
Jonathan Demme had passed.
He was a part of it.
And, and so.
Hewie Herman.
Paul Rubens.
Yes, Paul, that's right.
They were all, but these were the guys that not only did Nick Offerman and also Devo,
Jerry Casale.
Jerry Casale.
Yeah, but, Paul Rubens, too, right.
But those are the, the guys that interviewed were the ones that said, actually agreed to.
I sent out many requests, you know, and saying who has time and who can do this.
And, and, and the main thing, a lot of people that brought up some issues about why did you have Rick Linklater?
Well, the reason I had Rick is because he named his film Slacker.
And it was all during the subgenius unit that was going on in Austin in the early 80s.
And, and I got him to admit that, yes, it, you know, in Rick's way, well, yeah, it did come from the term slack or, you know, from the subgenius.
And that was a catch.
And that was a key point for selling this thing.
It was like, okay.
And people go, why Rick?
And I'm going, well, you know, this is why.
And then Nick Offerman, it was really, his story is amazing about living on a farm in this rural area.
And when he didn't get any of the subgenius until he had gone off to school.
And then Penn Jillette was the same situation where his life was blown out of the water by this and how this mentality and this humor, you know, affected his life and helped them be successful.

And it was a way for them to go beyond their, you know, visions of what they were brought up with in their childhood.
Oh, yes, yes, yes, dear friends.
Oh, we're coming down, getting, getting sort of close to the end of the hour there.
And I'm going to continue talking about the aspects of preachers going crazy on the radio.
Specifically here on the hour of slack.
A couple of weeks ago.
Now, you have to understand, friends, that being a jerk, that's my outlet for artistic, I mean, religious expression.
After all, most, I mean, preachers utilize the techniques of presumptuousness, orneriness, corniness, and a sort of posed intolerance.
And I also use stupidity and especially cantankerousness.
I can't really, you know, I can't relax.
Unless I'm being cantankerous and inflicting my personal bile and spleen on others.
It's hate, dear friends.
And you wouldn't interfere with my right to hate to do my own thing, now would you?
This is a free country.
Besides, how can you since I'm the one that's transmitting and you're only receiving?
Only receiving, friends.
Does that insult you like last time?
Well, good!
That shows that I'm succeeding in, in, in doing Bob's assignment of getting you to stop talking.

Stop letting the conspiracy, or even subgenius preachers, push you around.
This obscure church would be the next inquisition where I'm not constantly training you through applied obnoxiousness to be in a continuous state of not merely defensiveness, but outright rebellion.
And if you let me get any more abusive, I'll have to kill you.
Because you'll deserve it.
It's like, I'm, I'm like an anti-role model.
That's what most subgenius, all subgeniuses should be.
Anti-role models.
Besides, how dare you criticize the judgments meted out by King Stang?
You, you mock my total disregard for the, the broadcast niceties.
Oh, but have you thought about your soul?
Have you even got a girlfriend yet, huh?
Oh, my jibes have but barely begun.
I could, I could rant a paragraph to you that would have every one of you listeners jumping off a high bridge
to escape the mob.
But the mocking truth wielded by my tongue.
Or Janeers.
Now, I didn't start out this way, nay.
I was a gentle man at one time.
But I've undergone teasings by the blackest minds of our generation.
If I can take it from the likes of Lies and G. Gordon Gordon, then you'd best urinate in fear at the thought of what I could dish out to you on the radio.
To the innocent and guilty alike.
For, as my ment, mentor, Dr. Drummond, told me.
None are so blind as those who have no eyes.
He who dares to mock King Stang and rouse him from his torpid reveries and clairvoyant visions
hath played out but the first move in a galactic game on which hinges the very fate of this physical universe itself.
Congratulations, dear friends.
You've now entered kindergarten in the school of terror.
Oh, don't worry.
It won't kill you.
Indeed, it'll actually help you to keep your intelligence up.
It's from decreasing at the same pace as your peers.
But, uh, but at what cost, dear listener?
At what cost?
At what cost?
Oh, I'm well aware of all your plans to assassinate me.
Ha! Oh, surprise you, nay.
Yes, I can see far, far more than you think.
More than you could ever imagine in your wildest LSD dreams.
Fine! Go ahead! Kill me!
You would-be Judas!
You would-be Judas and Luther!
Make your blindingly imbecilic move, your mere-hume attempt to wrest controls from the claws of this Stang demon you hallucinate.
Death would be but a step up in my ascension to ultimate power.
Next to Bob, of course.
And have you not guessed that certain contingency plans have been laid?
Thinketh you not of the Children of the Stang?
Oh, I've read my Frank Herbert closely.
The Atreides conspiracy is but a high school prank compared to the all-reaching arms of the Stang octopus.
Oh, your science fiction has ill-prepared you for the next generation of the Stang Ones.
What to your undiscerning ears is but a lively boy of seven and a sweet little girl of six have undergone since birth certain forbidden training regimens which will render all your weapons, all your propaganda, and all your mental hexes.
Impotent! Utterly impotent!
Kill Stang One and the Emperor Xandar is unchained.
And at that point, you can kiss your world, your human society, your innocent subgenius church goodbye forever.
Or perhaps, if by some accident of God, the Emperor Xandar were eliminated, oh, then you would face the Tev One.
And do you think they're my only offspring?
Have you fools never watched a Star Wars movie?
Just as Darth Vader?
Darth Vader's son Luke was kept from knowing of his own sister's existence.
Do you think that, that, um, I, the Darth Vader of Dallas, have shown all my cards?
Oh, no indeed, dear friends.
No indeedy, I say.
But you'll see.
Ha ha ha.
Well, stay tuned for, uh, he is now in our...
You've been listening to King Stang, ultimate stud groupie attractor
and mystic psychic power monger, the very left brain of Dobbs,
the chosen bringer, dear friends of terror and lawsuits,
owner of the trademark of God on Earth, slayer of would-be scribe ship usurpers,
subjector of all bobbies, decider of degrees of fame of subgenius mortals,
second chosen of the fishers of wallets, biggest-organed and sexiest-voiced entrapper of radio groupies,
subduer of hecklers, butt-splitter of moonies, exploiter of comedians,
idiot savant, master of the sardonic, over-the-cubed, violator of postal...
Oh, forget it.
Thank you for bringing up Slack, because I meant to bring that up with Reverend Drummond.
Uh, and that, I know you're adverse to trying to exactly define Slack,
but I, I'd just like to hear your take for the, for the uninitiated,
for those of us who have not been, uh, members of the, uh, the subgenius church,
how would you describe to an outsider what Slack is?
Well, let me ask you a question.
In your mind right now, what do you want Slack to be?
That's what it is.
That's what it is.
You got it.
You got it.
See, I put it right there in your mind, and you had your mind's eye, and you looked right at it.
Yeah, I did.
I did.
Well, that's, amen, amen, Reverend, amen to you.
I, I, uh, I'm at church today.
I, I want to thank you.
Thank you for all of that.
Um, well, this is, it's been a blast.
It's so much fun.
The film is so much fun.
Uh, it's called J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius.
It is in virtual theaters.
Actually, it's been in virtual theaters for a couple of weeks now.
Tell us if we want to see this somewhere down the line, if we can see it now,
or if we can see it in the near future.
Sandy K. Boone, how would we do that?
Uh, it's on Amazon.
It's on Fandango.
It's on iTunes.
It's on Apple.
And it's on Vudu right now.
I know.
It's on, yeah, it's on Amazon.
Oh, you said Amazon.
Okay.
Yeah, that's okay.
No.
And you can stream it.
The only way you can do it is rent it or buy it.
But it's what?
$4.99?

Yeah, it's like $3.99 to rent and $9.99 to buy.
To buy.
I mean, it's like, don't buy it.
You know, I'm never going to make my money back, but at least some money would be great.
Listen, is, is $9.99 worth changing your life for the future?
The better.
Is it?
I mean, is it?
Exactly.
It's cheaper than a membership.
That's right.
That's true.
Well, if for people who-
$35 will get you a membership.
Yeah, that's right.
You can be your own.
Well, and-
You can start your own church then.
Thank you.
They can, they can go to subgeniusmovie.com.
And if, and Reverend Drummond, if they choose to want to join the church, how would they
do that?
Where would they go?
They go to subgenius.com.
Yeah.
There you go.
Or look for the link that says new members.
Fantastic.
Well, I've got my hands in the air raised to the heavens.
And I want to thank both of you very, very much for spending some time with us.
Steve Wilcox, Dr. Phil Philodrumon, and also who is one of the founders of this amazing
institution, as well as director, producer, and writer of J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church
of the Subgenius.
And that would be Sandy K. Boone.
Thank you so very much.
Thank you.
All right.
Thanks a lot, Mike.
You've been listening to Film School Radio, the on-air online showcase for the best in
independent documentary and foreign films.
You can find out more about the program at filmschoolradio.com.
I'm your host, Mike Caspar.
From PR News in Washington, I'm a humanitarian catastrophe.
We have a problem.
We don't have a leader in the county.
The person has history with the local government.
We don't have a leader in the county.



The DOW is 1.24453.
The State Department is upgrading its assessment of PR news.
It's mostly blank in Washington.
And this is your host, a king, pope killer, Reverend Ivan Stang, arbor of hypness, down
putter of talk show hosts in my mighty glibness, son of the king of bull shatters, he who has
hath been copied by David Byrne and Garrison Keillor,
payer of royalty checks to tight-running buddies,
contract signer of all paying subgenius projects,
president of the corporation of all Dobbs PR,
48% owner of the Janer tongue,
first interpreter of the dogma,
enrager of pinks and lesser subgeniuses alike,
living embodiment of hate, slack under Dobbs,
keeper of the original Dobbs image,
midge carrot dangler of long-promised magazines,
and returner of compliments.
You faithless.
You faithless.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Albert Einstein.
Imagine there's no heaven.
It's easy if you try.
No hell below us.
Above us only sky.
Imagine all the people
living for today.
Imagine there's no countries.
No heaven.
Isn't hard to do.
Nothing to kill or die for.
And no religion too.
Imagine all the people
living life in peace.
You may say,
I'm a dreamer.
But I'm not the only one.
I hope someday you will join us.
And the world will be as one.
Imagine no possessions.
Imagine no possessions.
Imagine no possessions.

Imagine no nữa amğima.
Imagine no anything in the world.
Imagine no symbols.

Imagine no any thing you'll never forget.
Imagine no any thing you'll never forget.

Imagine no evil beings posterior to fate.
Imagine no
any point in the planet.
Imagine no subscribers.
Imagine no life,



Mind all renewing dirift.
Imagine out of time.
Imagine kun Tutaj绝如果你 单身活動
Imagine out of time.
I'm a dreamer
But I'm not the only one
I hope someday you will join us
And the world will live as one
Carlos
Imagine all the people
Sharing all the world
You
You myself
You myself

I'm a dreamer
But I'm not the only one
I hope someday you will join us
And the world will live as one
I hope someday you will join us
And the world will live as one
Imagine all the people
Sharing all the world
You
You myself
You myself
You myself

You myself
You myself


You myself
You yourself

Sure
Also
You have no side
I really want to be
Not see what may become

See what that will change
See
As it doesn't matter
I'm not the only one
and her husband, Carlos Santana.
There's a pretty tripped-out video of that on YouTube.
This is your host and prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang,
signing out and praising that old man, Bob.
Ahimsa! Ahuga!
