Wait, there's more.
Eternal salvation.
Or triple your money back.
The Church of the Subgenius.
Bring you another 33 minutes of condensed, eraglic function.
Over the quality audio-visual techniques exacerbated and complicated by the Church of the Subgenius.
Copyright 1985-86.
Oh, Dr. Sprint.
She said, cutting her own legs off in what was to be the foment of a startling new trend among the...
So-called punk detail-a-hantia.
Should any other shows be heard from or contacted in the course of this show,
the listener is advised to remain calm and only contact listed or unlisted officials
in the event of any material from this radio or other listening device being inhaled during broadcast.
Small animals or other children becoming exposed to the ultra-high or ultra-low shocks and brain frequencies
constantly scanned throughout our program should seek shelter in an approved safety unit only.
This is Walter Teasdale reminding you that it's off...
There's not enough photon that light releases, but truth is, not everyone gets the picture.
Hoping your time is all time and all your unpermissible truths are happy truths.
Here's your host...
Reverend Ivan Stang.
Dear friends, and this is KNON 90.9 FM in Nellis, Texas.
Welcome to the show.
Come on, Hal.
We're already two hours late for the show.
Watch it with that water, man.
We don't have much.
So where's the road?
I think the road...
It's behind us.
Behind us?
What the...
I thought we were going towards the road.
Give me some of that air before it's gone.
See, the sun's this way, so the road's got to be over there.
The radiation warning signs are all pointing that way.
If that really is a sign.
Yeah, the sun's just coming out.
It looks pretty weird.
Boy, the air smells good.
I just wish...
That looks like the Cactus Wren, Arizona's national state.
I don't think this is Arizona, Hal. This is Texas.
Yeah, there it is.
We've got to be in Texas.
Let's get out of here. It's creepy.
I just hope the Indians haven't set one of their deadly traps.
Hey, watch out.
Boy, we'll never get back to KPFA at this rate.
KPFA?
No.
I thought we were going to KNON.
What are you talking about?
All we have to do is reach the mobile field antenna and we can start our broadcast.
And also, we should just be able to see the rocket from here somewhere.
I'm afraid that went down several hours ago.
A rocket, too?
It would have shown up on our Nokia, but...
Hey, look over there.
Just a natural rock formation.
Nothing to be afraid of.
It's moving.
It looks like a big scary monster.
I know, but you know out in the desert, things can look...
look like things that they aren't.
It's called a psychic-y mirage.
The spirit of the desert.
They call them duendes.
Oh, don't talk about the duendes.
Duendes.
Yeah, the Indians say they're little shriveled, dried-up, mummified-like beings about a foot tall that grab onto you and bite you like you're a monster.
It ain't just a legend.
Just rock over here.
Just...
Oh!
Just tear a piece off.
Yeah, that...
What was that? A baby heel?
These cactus just feel like plastic.
These rocks are made out of paper mache.
Nah, it's a fake.
This is...
This tree is made out of a spring.
What...
What...
What...
Maybe we can get some water, huh?
I don't know, you guys. What does that symbol mean?
Oh, yeah, this is Bed Springs National Park.
I don't have any more coffee.
Doesn't that mean biochemical hazard or something?
No sugar, no more beans.
You can't figure out where the road is.
That's the last of the beans.
At least we got a good astronomical observation last night.
Check out the man pack, see if we can figure out where we are.
We better get a Geiger counter reading.
...star called SS 433.
It's kinda cold out here.
Yeah.
They don't call it nuclear winter for nothing.
But the air is clear.
But for our readings, we can take another reading a little later on.
I just hope we've got something to say when it's time for that broadcast to be made.
Yeah, no kidding. I lost my script.
A lot of people are counting on us.
Remember that. All ten listeners in the Bay Area...
The Bay Area?
...have got to hear us or...
Or you.
...make it through the morning.
This is Texas.
...as it were.
Come on, you guys.
Oh, look, a jackalope. Arizona's national rabbit.
Man, I thought those were extinct.
There it goes.
Okay, oh, it's glowing.
That little speaker's in its head.
Yeah, I wonder where that's coming from.
It's probably an observation drone.
You know, they say this whole area of the desert is haunted.
Hold it, hold it, I've got to wrap it in my shoe.
Yeah, there's reasons for those tales.
Bob came through here years ago, Hal.
The rock?
Put your shoes back on.
That's the crystal.
That rock crawled away.
Oh, let me have...
And look, there's a crack in it.
The Mokihana crystal.
Yeah, let me have some of that cracked crystal.
Yeah, let me have some of that cracked crystal.

Hmm, now we do.
Let us head topographically back toward the station.
Good idea, Doctor.
Yeah, no kidding.
And on the way, we can have some of that special frop you've been telling me about.
You're already late.
Yes, let us do so.
So anyway, I filled out the death certificate, sent it on to Bethesda.
Ha ha ha.
Pneumothorax area was...







It was completely full of fluid.
Well, I must say, we sure put one over on the American people that time.
They still believe there was no second gunman on that grassy knoll.
Boy, what I would have...
I didn't even see the grassy knoll on the stage.
No, it was all fake, all phony.
But you were standing right next to it.
Yeah, but you know, you can't let on in a situation like that, involving national security,
that is.
Boy, I remember going to the airport with Bob that night, meeting him there in San Francisco
as he flew in for the show.
Ha ha.
Well, I remember going to the airport with Bob that night, meeting him there in San Francisco


Well, I remember going to the airport with Bob that night, meeting him there in San Francisco
and I see Bob got up on his nose, and he was just DJ-ing while he get his normal

Oh, I should have, if I were wearing a uniform, I could have packed back my
shoes and fr herumen.
I could have.


on the lake, Bob's ready to have a great time entertaining his friends. Right, Bob? Bob? Bob?
This is the church that's going to kick ass on the normals, the mediocrities, the pink boys,
the hippies, the Trekkies, and the Admin. I wonder. What? If God were to come to earth,
would they find him so strange that they would be afraid? And would they shoot him?
Did not his son come once, Pedro? And they nailed him to a cross.
And then spent 2,000 years learning to believe in him. All things take time, Pedro.
We would certainly come out on top again if we succeed in being defeated.
You talk like a madman.
Live like a sane one.
I was a fascist when Mussolini was on top. Now that he has been deposed, I am anti-fascist.
When the Germans were here, I was fanatically pro-German. Now I'm fanatically pro-American.
You'll find no more loyal parties in all of Italy than myself.
You're shameful.
You're a pro-opportunist. What you don't understand is that it's better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
You have it backwards. It's better to live on your feet than to die on your knees.
Enjoy life like Bob.
That is so true, dear friend. So true. There is a vast, nameless conspiracy struggling to control your mind.
And it only allows you one hour of sloth.
That hour comes at 11 o'clock every Sunday night on KNON.
Dear friends, there are only five basic things that can light up your mind.
Sex, drugs, great music, religion, or the hour of slack radio ministry sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius on KNON.
The hour of slack radio ministry sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius on KNON.
The hour of slack radio ministry sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius on KNON.
11 o'clock every Sunday night.
The hour of slack.
The radio voice of the saint of sales.
The living avatar of slack, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The Church of the Subgenius began in Dallas, Texas.
Now your ears can experience the auditory hallucination which is the word of Bob.
Direct from the mysterious founders of this mystic cult devoted to getting us all the slack we deserve.
But the hour of slack at 11 o'clock.
Sunday's is not just a bunch of dead preachers preaching dead sermons to dead congregations.
Nay, nay.
The hour of slack is music.
From the most primitive to the most advanced.
It is sound collages from TV shows and movie soundtracks that you'll pray had never existed.
It is tormented, gut-ripping original rants and Jeremiah ads from top subgenius preachers and bands the world over.
It is the most intense barrage of experiments.
It is the most intense barrage of experiments.
It is the most intense barrage of experiments.



It is the most intense barrage of experiments ever heard over stereo headphones.
It is the word of Bob.
Hope for the mutants in a crumbling world.
The hour of slack.
The most significant weekly event in the history of mankind.
Sundays at 11 p.m.
The hour of slack.
The show every episode of which you'll wish you had taped.
And the reason I taped that one, friends, is because that's going to be our new hour of slack promo.
And all I have to do is add in 49 layers.
the sound effects. See, I saved myself some time at your expense. But you know, at the same time,
most traffic accidents happen within a few miles of home. Did you know that? Even at low speeds,
a sudden stop or fender bender can cause severe injury to occupants who are not wearing a safety
belt. Take time to buckle up, dear friends, even on the shortest trips. This safety message from
KNON and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration does not conflict in any major
way with doctrine from the Church of the Subgenius. But I'll tell you what, dear friends, there are
those of you who have strayed. Oh, you have strayed so far. And this is a good follow-up to
that ad I just read.
This memo here in my secret box here at the station, in the Reverend Stang box, and it says,
it's from the station managers, it says, folks, it's time for me to get down to the nitty-gritty.
KNON needs more money. Some of the shows and some entire formats have been doing a lousy job in
actually getting any money to the station, and time is running out. To be absolutely fair and
to give some money to the station, I'm going to need some money. I'm going to need some money.
KNONlly
Thanks.
Your
patrons,



friends, is a long list of those of you who pledged during the pledge drive and hadn't sent
in money. Oh, man. I mean, it tears me up, folks. I can't believe that the subgeniuses have
embarrassed me personally and, so much more important, J.R. Bob Dobbs himself. Are you all
a bunch of liars? There are those. There are those of you fine, fine listeners out there who did
send in their check, and then there's a whole bunch that must have thought, oh, well, I want
to cheer up Reverend Stang while they're having a pledge. I want to make a funny joke over the
phone to someone. I want to do anything but send in my check. Well, friends, the subliminal,
the sound you hear right now is subliminally programming you to hurry up and write that
check.
Send it to KNON, and I'm going to give you that box number. Get that pencil ready, and I don't
think I'm going to continue this show any longer until you do write that check, and actually,
now, don't let it sit around on your desk. Go ahead and send it in, because, frankly, if at
least half the people on this list don't go ahead and send in the money they promised they'd send,
there ain't going to be no hour of slack, and I wouldn't blame the station one bit for taking it
off.
Because they can't survive. None of the shows can survive without your money out there in the
audience. You sniveling worms who dare to steal the word of Bob. It's just like stealing. Stealing
the word of Bob. Bob don't like it, friends. Bob don't like it, too. He's going to come in an hour
you know not.
And visit upon ye bad luck if you don't get that pledge money that you promised in. It's really
disappointing, but those of you who have sent it in, I'll be calling you up personally to thank you,
and so forth.
Look, stick your hand in the water. It's radio water. This isn't real water at all. We're on the
show again. It might even be real water, but it's traveling at such a high speed, we can't tell.
But we're traveling at a speed somewhat relative to that.
Stick your hand in it.
Oh, no, I don't want to lose my fingers. You stick your hand in it.
Hey, watch.
Ah!
Oh, boy.
What a shame. Now put these other fingers on.
Look, the little seagulls are eating away at it now.
Yes, there goes Jonathan Living Fliggle, the infant seagull with a large, palpitating severed digit, and all the birds of Darbyshire and Somersetshire and Warwickshire. Oh, look, there's a light on the interositor main board.
Oh, look, there's a light on the interositor main board.
Are you sure the overcharge isn't too much, Doctor?
No, no, not at all. It's the same old thing.
It's definitely underwhelming.
All we can do is hold the front.
In every cry of every man, every infant's cry of fear, in every breath, in every band, the children's show called by him.
I left my radio on, and I caught my dog listening to your program.
Yeah, I wouldn't let a dog listen to this program.
You might have to eviscerate that dog now.
Might have to edit its memory, as it were. Practice time control on the poor cur.
Just erase the mutt's memory.
What the hell was this about F-rays coming from dogs anyway?
F-rays coming from dogs? Man rays coming from dogs. Man rays negatives coming from dogs.
Undetectable F-rays.
Ooh, scary.
Undetectable by normal instrumentation.
Oh, sorry, Doug. I didn't mean to be scary again.
Only subgenius science is managed to penetrate our brain nebulosity.
Are the little red lights are going? Yeah. This is a scary show. It's only scary.
I don't know. That's just what it says on the cue cards over there.
Anyway, I've been listening hourly, and wouldn't you believe it?
We believe in Monday morning going back to work.
And the sunlight shafts...
Does Bob have a credo?
Bob Dobbs. And Bob's credo is something we can't even tell you over the air, dear friends.
It's so nasty. Because Bob likes to have so much fun.
And this is a church that's trying to bring you to a slack awareness.
If we have to beat it...
Into your head!
And that's what we call in the church, in our highfaluted church dogma and jargon, acubiting.
Acubiting. That ancient Tibetan art which can bring you to justice and transfer pain from one part of your body to another.
It's really a miracle.
And you can send that money to K-N-O-N at P.O. Box 710909 in Dallas, Texas.
If you want to keep this show on the air.
You heard me. I'm going to give that number again.
K-N-O-N's box number.
If you want to hear anything like the word of Bob, anything half decent left on the radio, you need to send that money to K-N-O-N P.O. Box 710709, Dallas, Texas 75371.
Because the conspiracy really is out to get you.
This station.
And I mean this is the conspiracy, folks.
Oh, by the way.
That was what you have been hearing there was more puzzling evidence from Dr. Hal Robbins and puzzling evidence on Engineer Bob Nelson.
On the more than an hour, less than a show show.
In Berkeley, California.
We'll be bringing back some more samples of that at any minute.
But first, this message.
Blazing guns still a bad man's lusty.
Alive.
Look how quietly he sprawls on the bloodstained ground.
Kill him again.
Shoot the nesters, greasers, horse thieves and cattle rustlers.
The crows pecked.
The cows.
Their eyeballs in the scrub and the sagebrush.
All the others may come out.
But you gunslinger will go on shooting.
Smiling.
Without unseemly passion.
Shoot the blood.
True blue is the yellow rose of Texas.
We're watching you.
won in a poker game in a Dodge City saloon.
Shoot her father, the ranch owner.
Shoot the sheriff.
Shoot the posse.
Shoot the birds out of the sky.
Shoot the mountain cats in their dark hollows.
Son of a gun.
Gatherer of darkness and silence.
Rider into the bloody sunset.
Emptiness, like a wind, rushes in behind you.
Man, and I've got to cut out of that one, see, because I believe, I'm not sure.
Dr. Philo Drummond sent me that tape, and I'm not sure what it is exactly.
But I think that that is an actual part of an actual Ku Klux Klan release,
because other stuff that was on here was just unbelievably nightmarishly racist.
I mean, God.
I really want to do...
I really want to do a race hour of slack, but I'm afraid that people would not understand.
Some of the stuff in our collection is so horrifying that I feel like people should know it exists.
But at the same time, it's like if we play it, half of the people hearing it go,
What? They really believe this stuff. I can't believe...
And so we get in terrible trouble, and everyone who works at the station the next day has to answer all the complaining phone calls.
Because people just don't understand bull-dotting.
You know, you can't present an example of something you hate without them thinking that you love it.
I just don't get it.
But this is negative land.
And remember...
Sound was used for centuries as a method of torture.
Place someone's head inside of a bell.
And ring it.
And eventually...
They'll go insane.
And eventually...
They'll go insane.
They'll go insane.
They'll go insane.
And eventually...
You're tired.
You're beaten down.
You're irritable.
Your mental and physical health...
are suffering.
Is there any escape?
You suffer so much.
Is there any escape?
Or...
Are you done this for?
You suffer so much?
or ask me to leave

2
3
4
4
5



9

4



3
5






7


mäntä
y-
S-
y-
Rectangular, yes. And what else?
Well, yellow and black and rectangular.
Rectangular, yes. What else?
Well, doctor, it has kind of black and yellow and black and...
Rectangular, yes.
It has kind of shapes inside.
Yellow, black and shapes inside.
Oh, I see them everywhere.
And what else?
It has kind of red shapes inside.
Yellow, black and yellow.
And with rectangular, red shapes inside.
Oh, I see them everywhere.
Do you hear me?
There, there.
Just fly.
Well, you see, friends, this is negative land still.
This is actually, this part, the last half of the show is going to be part three of the subgenius anti-drug special.
But before I get into that tape, it's actually...
It's actually a rerun from Old Hour of Slack.
But I just discovered this dub version of a Nina Hagen song in the station's record collection.
This is something that...
I mean, I haven't really heard it.
But I wanted to have a tape of it.
So I'm going to play it.
This is...
Quit worrying about what it means, friends.
That's the important thing.
Now, I'm just living.
Everywhere...
Just lie back.
Do you hear me?
There, there.
Everywhere, do you hear me?
There, there.
Do you hear me?
There, there.
This is rectangular.
This is rectangular.
Now, let's play acture.
This is a video of me.
I know I'm calling all those Speaker and Speaker things out of tens of minutes.
This is a video of a Goldberg guy playingill.
This is a video of a Goldberg guy playingill.
Now, let's get to the point.




Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
He wants to be sedated.
That's the swinging erudites, dear friends,
and what follows.
That's the swinging erudites, dear friends,
and what follows.
is not an example of what we think you should do,
but what you should never, ever do.
Doctor, doctor, here.
Take some more of this.
Have some of that.
Maybe the show will finish
and we'll get to make another tape.
Oh, no, more prescriptions again.
I don't know if I can keep up
with all these prescriptions
and all these callers
and all these fake shows.
Oh, my God.
This subgenius thing, it's more than that.
Just take the pills, doctor.
I can't.
Oh, my God.
I mean, man, I don't think I can keep up with it.
I mean, it's like there's too much of it.
There's these letters that come in the mail,
these weird magazines, these characters
that show up at the door.
These, these, these Bobbies, these.
And they want to know things.
They want to know how to run their lives.
Oh, what's your identity,
whatever you're saying about.
Open to libel and slander.
That's our lawyer now.
That's our lawyer now.
Oh, my God.
He's in.
Hey, I feel much better now.
Oh, man.
That's because Bob sent this for you.
These normal souls are amazing.
You can drink them.
You can smoke them.
You can eat them.
I don't know.
Who knows what you can do.
You can even snort them.
I tried rubbing one up under my gums.
You're crazy.
I'm going to try.
I'm going to try a line of this human soul here.
If you'll excuse me a minute.
I've got.
Oh, man.
Now, that's what I call soul.
I'll try some of that.
Thanks.
.
Jesus.
That must have been a fairly intelligent normal.
Oh, no, that wasn't a normal.
That was.
God, I think I got some of his memories off of that.
Wow.
Yeah.
It's like I'm seeing this little woman in the 40s just for a second.
It's probably the guy's mom.
Yeah.
God, you can snort their souls.
Yeah.
And these little primal memories come.
You've just got to give them a final lunch and then dry them out first.
OK.
God, how long have you guys known about this?
I mean, was this something the Indians had down there?
Yeah, yeah.
It's too rainy to light a fire, to smoke a cigarette.


Yeah.
They had to dry the soul a lot of times.
So they just dry it and keep it in with volcanic rock as an absorbent.
And they just grind it up and snort it through huge, huge caves.
But they didn't have the technology to extract souls.
I mean, how'd they get them under pressure?
How'd they get them into the canisters?
They don't do it that way.
They just feed them the right amount of herbs and plants and the soul just drips out of the nasal and anal.
You're kidding.
No.
Why can't we do that?
We can if we've got the right pill.
We can if we've got the right pills.
But...
It's kind of, you know, it's all organic.
I mean, you know, there's two ways you can extract.
You can go high technology or you can go with just kerosene and a couple of guys with...
Why did Bob set up these extraction machines?
I mean, what's this, these emaculators?
Well, all you gotta do is you dig a little pit.
You dig a little pit in the ground, you line it with plastic, peg down with wood, and then you put the body in.
A normal, right?
Yeah.
Any normal?
It doesn't have to be...
Any normal.
It's not dead yet.
The stole is still in him, right?
Uh-huh.
Okay, then you cover him with kerosene and acetone.
And then you just jump up and down on him until it turns kind of green and thick.
Then you remove him, strain the liquid, then you boil it, and you add sulfuric acid.
But then there's some kind of ritualistic...
I mean, what actually causes the transmutation?
Well, there's a group of people around the pit adding a psychic element of the alveoli.

And then they start doing the alchemy, you see.
They concentrate.
Oh, yeah, because they don't have the sole amplifier.
Right.
So it's done with psychic methods.
Oh, man.
And then, after it's boiled...
God, that's incredible.
After it's boiled, they add...
A bunch of Brazilian tribal jungle people could...
And Bolivians.
And Bolivians.
Both.
They both do it.
In the lowlands on both sides there.
And then you boil...
They boil the sole.
They actually boil the sole.
Little combo soles.
Yeah.
They boil.
And little coya soles, too, you know?
And they boil them.
And then when it starts to thicken, they boil them.

When they thicken, they add another liquid.
It's some kind of corrosive, I believe.
And then it turns into a thick white paste.
And they just spread the sole out into the sun.
And it dries.
And then you just have to chop it up.
They'd probably think we were idiots for crystallizing them and compressing them.
Yeah.
I mean, it's...
It probably doesn't cost them...
You know, it costs them a couple of necklaces or a taper.
Well, they don't need electricity to do it.
Their pet taper.
Yeah.
Well, going...
The most expense they've got.
And it costs us a hundred grand a year to keep these things pumping.
Well, you see, we use a lot of...
And not to mention the bodies and the soles and getting rid of them and storing them.
See, the body dissolves.
The body dissolves in the solution completely.
Well, do you do up the body, too?
No, they just strain it out with the solid waste.
What do they do with that?
With that?
They put it on the...
They press it into little cakes and burn it, like for fires and stuff like that.
They usually give it back to the guy's family.
How come the...
How come they...
How come this was...
Like, how come the Western civilization didn't discover that?
Well, you see, it's because...
How come they haven't been ripped off yet?
How come we didn't rip them off?
Well, because we can pay for sole and get it a lot cheaper from them than doing it up here.
Because, you know, like down there, nobody complains if you go through four or five hundred bodies in one night.
You know, you can sit around and smoke all the sole you want to.
Yeah, I guess it would be kind of...
That's right.
...questionable to...
They got a lot more...
...to be digging pits in your backyard and throwing normal bodies in there and trampling

Well, it's just little pressed cakes.
...noisy, if nothing else.
It's just little pressed cakes.
Most people...
Most people barbecue on them later, you know.
Well, I've never got indicted.
Bob never forgot him.
You see?
Well, and then we've got to give half of them away to the...
Whatever...
Wherever they're taken on Jupiter.
Holy...
Well, of course, the thing about...
That weirds me out, man.
A lot of things weird me out.


The fact is that you can't get any good sole here in the States, dry or liquid.
It's always been cut with something.
And I like my sole unstepped on myself, you know.
Oh, yeah.
They...
Yeah, they'll use monkey soles, chimpanzee soles.
Hell, they just take up crystallized...
It's probably two-thirds...
They just take crystallized emotions and mix them in, for God's sake.
I mean, you get a bad blast of rage mixed in with your sole, and the next thing you know,
man, you...
That's probably what happened to me last week.
...to the salad table.
And that took a lot of the fun out of the problem.
They put a lot of anguish in it, too, you know.
It just makes you depressed.
Whereas pure sole is nothing more than a psychic and, you know, almanic amplifier.
And, you know, if your sole's in good shape when you do pure sole, I mean, it's even better.
But, you know, like, you put...
The stuff that's been stepped on and mixed with monkey sole or alligator...
Yeah, next thing you know, your sole is...
It's tainted.
...very tainted.
Got it.
Got holes eaten through it, you know.
Uh-oh.
Man, I wonder if that's what happened to Jayner.
What happened to Jayner?
Yeah.
Jayner shoots sole.
Oh, no.
He's all, you know, magnetized my Palmer head.
He calls it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, you need to give me some remagnetized Palmer.
I won't do any demagnetized Trevino head.
See, that's a problem with Jayner is doing it.
That Palmer head.
And, you know, it's...
It was not a good molecule to begin with.
And, you know, he's just synthesizing more and more of bad stuff and making it purer
and purer.
And each time he makes it purer, it's more pure bad.
That's his basic problem.
Running up demagnetized sole, bad golfer soles.
Yeah.
Can you imagine?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
This is it.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
lived quatref arterie des Halles en achievements
rches Psych Espero.
I'm just a few miles away
I'm in a future where there's a day that there's a documentary
That's a day that makes me pray
I'm gonna try and super clever and look at it forever
One day when I will know that you
Have been assigned to a grave just becoming a slave
Come on, find your blade again
Come on, find your blade again
I'm gonna try and super clever and look at it forever

The legendary manslaughter.
And it is this doctor's opinion that anal sex was performed on the dead bodies after the brutal slaughter and was done.
Details at 10.
My baby, my baby.
My baby, my baby.
My baby, my baby.
My baby, my baby.
my baby, my baby.
my baby, my baby.
You'll never know where the subgenius beach party is, and don't you wish you did.
Oh dear, that ding ding ding.
Well, Dr. Howell, is there any way you can fight through the sound effects and tell us
about the relationship between the demopods and the ussopods?
Well, the demopods and the myriapods got together at the early...
No, the demopods and ussopods.
Oh, the demopods.
It says right here on the script we're supposed to...
I didn't understand that.
I thought you meant this script right here, the one with the red lines on the cover.
Listen, never read anything with red dots.
I never believe anything with red dots.
It says read addresses to people you don't like on the show.
God, they're coming in from all sides.
Too many buttons to push, too many tape recorders to watch.
It was obvious that during the game they should not have launched ahead with that size of
a rocket.
They should have used a smaller rocket, not hurt so many people.
A small bore.
Some perhaps, but not so many.
As it turned out, JFK was turning to Governor Connolly to tell him the name of the band
that dare not speak his name, and was shot because of that.
We thank you for your input, caller.
What does it sound like where you are?
Perfectly well-minted people.
But what...
What does it sound like?
What does it sound like where you are?
What is weird?
Huh?
Some weird DJ dressed up in a crown of thorns and a dirty, dirty sheet.
Starts kissing on you.
I...
And don't forget to...
Oh, hi.
You guys know what is it, no?
You turn a telephone over to an molecule and you make a Shayla Park-er.
And someone says, what's the problem?
Call Officer Amy!
advantaged!
No wied-up wings, Mr. Brown!
Ah, yes, dear friends, here we are at home on the airwaves of KNON 90.9 in Dallas, Fort Worth, Arlington.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang with Dr. G. Gordon Gordon, and you better stop and explain, just in credit at least, we can't ever explain.
The fools making those weird noises were playing on your radio.
Let's see, the music started off with a band called They Might Be Giants, which Reverend Bleepo Abernathy in Boston has been sending tapes of.
You'll hear them every now and then.
But quite a bit of there was the show Less Than an Hour, or Less Than a Show, More Than an Hour from San Francisco, or the Berklee Show.
The puzzling evidence, Dr. Gary Brogue-Fran, Dr. Howell.
And, um...
Various insidious guests, Mobius Rex and so forth, and evil subgeniuses.
Evil.
Intermixed with a tape from...
It's all intermixed, dear friends.
Bishop Huey of Houston, the Archbishop of Houston.
There's no such thing as all of us.
It's all on tape.
He sends these tapes that are always labeled collages from hell.
And double mixes from heaven.
Starring.
Everyone but you, the listener.
Dear friends, once again, as we saw...
Again and again.
We come to the end of this side of the show.
Prepare to turn your show on.
Once again, you'll have to...
Turn your show over.
Turn your radio over.
Flip it so that you can hear the rest.
This is KNON 90.9 FM.
The subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
Just for that.
Only.
, but I'm gonna try for the kingdom if I can.
Cause it makes me feel like I'm a man.
When I put a spike into my vein.
And I tell you things aren't quite the same.
When I'm rushing on my run.
And I feel like I'm a man.


And I feel just like Jesus' son.
And I guess that I just don't know.
And I guess that I just don't know.
I am me.
And me.
I am me.
This is me.
Yeah.
Welcome to side two of your radio show.
Oh, yes, dear friends, we're back.
And, boy, it's getting tough doing these shows night after night after night.
It's easy for you.
You only have to listen once a week, but we do ten shows a day.
We have to keep up, stay ahead.
What is that noise?
I have no idea.
I think it might be the exits on the outside of the hull.
No, a little bit.
Yeah, I can hear the hiss, the air noise.
We're still on the fringes of the atmosphere, you know.
That's just a few molecules.
What happens if I push this button?
Basic problem.
What?
Running up, demagnetized.
Oh, you can hear us.
Bad golfer's sound.
What if we flip this?
You've got a whole week's show there.
Here we go.
Visit land unveiled in mystery and magic.
Up there went the mystery and the magic.
Right there.
Why did you have to?
I didn't have to say that.
Here are heroic legends of ages past.
Timeless myths.
Haunted ghost stories.
Hey, is this that Time magazine ad about Vietnam?
Yeah, certainly is.
It's something.
Yeah.
Jump ship before it's too late.
Okay, thanks.
A feast for the eye, mind, and spirit.
We don't want to do that.
I think he's right.
He?
What do you mean, he?
Wasn't that a female calling?
No, I used the term he to describe all aliens that call the show.
I don't think a human would ever call.
Show.
Show.
Listen, it.
What is that?
I want to get fixed, too.
First time by the editors of the Book of the Subgenius.
Yes, all of the show was getting fixed.
They were fixing the show.
And nobody knew exactly where it would be.
Publishing guides you through this intriguing realm in a unique and spectacular family library,
the Book of the Subgenius.
Here we go.
Visit land unveiled in mystery and magic.
Up there went the mystery and the magic.
Right there.
Why did you have to say that?
Well, Gary, we just thought we'd...
There went the mystery and the magic.
Yeah, it's all over now.
You use a million gigawatts of electricity to extract souls up here.
The energy is released psychoactively and with simple chemicals down there.
And we never free base soul either.
I mean, that's really bad.
Just drinking it.
That's all.
Drinking it and snorting it.
I like a little.
I like a little iced soul myself.
I like it best out of balloons, to tell the truth.
That is my favorite way of doing up some soul.
Yeah, tank soul is good stuff.
High pressure tank soul.
I like it.
Just the pure stuff straight out.
Straight out.
That's just they cook it, you know, and then it turns into a gas.
And then they pump it under pressure.
They scrub it.
They scrub it through dog meth filters and stuff like that to make sure because when you get it into that excited state,
every little part of the soul separates from every other.
So you get little pockets of, you know, stuff that was like childhood dogma rammed into you.
So they scrub that all out.
So it becomes it's the most pure form in gaseous form.
Oh, yeah.
But the only problem is that, you know, the people that end up banging their head against the wall all night long because they can't stop.
They're in such ecstasy or whatever.
People fall down the floor a lot.
Pure beingness.
The beingness.
The beingness of it.
They, you know, makes them for some reason chew the ground.
And that's what I did.
That's how my jaw got messed up.
You know, you can tell.
Woke up chewing the ground.
Yes.
Woke up.
I loved Mother Earth.
I woke up chewing the ground.
Made a big mess.
Yeah.
You can tell that the soul really affects people more in gaseous state because the minute they speak, their voice isn't the same, you know.
It goes directly, directly to the main gland.
Yeah.
I mean.
It just diffuses in the blood so fast.
Yeah.
We got Barry Mantle.
Put some Barry Mantle on.
There we go.
This is scrambled signal.
We have not been able to figure this one out.
You can slow it down and it's like old TV shows.
But in between the lines are these even more, these incredibly fast little, like, micro blips of sound that we have not been able to stretch out enough.
Not been able to stretch out.
Even, I mean, the best thing.
Yeah.

It's a digital equipment. You can't slow it down enough.
Maybe the space is between the blips of the actual message.
Yeah, but we can't slow it down that much. I mean, you can't differentiate. The machines won't...
It's alien. It is a truly alien signal. It's there.
Play the music.
Boy, it's almost 60 gigabits per head, right?
Yeah, that was a great band, man. I wonder whatever happened to them.
They're playing the hydrogen line now, I think.
I think this is one of their numbers coming in right now on channel 7.
Well...
Here they come. Stay down. Here they come.
Scary little ugly things.
That's a heliopter.
I don't understand why our own church sends these things in to try to kill us on our own show.
Well, it's part of the dogma.
Your own show will try to kill thee.
Well, there's little babies back there.
It's a little holographic baby. See it again.
I'm going down.
And I can't kiss.
Yeah, if I can't talk.
If I can't whoop it again.
If I can't talk, I'll vote.
All right, fax.
Fax it.
The reason why you don't get the slack you need is because you got it mixed up with what they tell you what you should want.

Pretty girl, big breasts, a big fast car, 75 pounds of cocaine, and some real bad rock and roll on the radio.
That is false slack.
And should be handled by church hierarchy.
They are poison for you. Poison.
They're the peripheral residue left after the slack juice drains out.
I can't do any show anymore.
If you think that kind of stuff is true, then you're wrong.
If you think that kind of stuff is real slack, then you're lost into some delusions that are not your own.
Too much anti-slack show right now.
They're just lost in that.
It's draining me. There's no callers.
They're just lost in that TV image.
They're all sitting at home watching MTV or something like that.
They're all watching them.
They're all watching their own unobtainable middle class dreams on their screens.
I'm just going to kill Bob.
You ever had a truck roll over your foot?
I'm so frustrated. I just can't.
You ever stood on the edge of a curb and had a bus smack you in the face, turn the corner?
I...
You ever crossed a busy intersection on the White Street?
Do not be afraid. I am not here to harm you.
He is the first of your kind to attain immortality.
Immortality?
We're not interested in that kind of immortality.
I know you want to destroy me.
But listen. Please listen.
I only want to help you.
I've chosen you.
Well, I'm sure that's very flattering, but I must get on with my work now.
Seems better.
I know we're trying to fly the show tapes out of here now.
See, we fly them out early before the show's over.
No, we're not going to have to jump this one.
And get them to the other stations and they play that solid model display software stuff that you like so much here on the air.
What about the fact that, uh...
The fact? What a bad word to say.
There are no facts.
Look what happened. You see, as soon as they say it, the engine breaks down.
Hold on, we're going to have to fix things.
Oh, man, I don't believe it. I don't know if I have my wrenches here.
Come on.
Gary, see... Oh, okay. He's trying to get it up there.
Now, there's got to be some spooky, scary monster movies later on.
This is really going to delay the end of the show, you know.
For example, this.
If we can't get this thing started and get out of here before Emmett comes in.
Kiss the blood off my hand.
Let's watch that while we're waiting.
I spit on your grave.
No, I saw that.
I eat your grave. I eat your skin.
Don't look in the basement.
And Dracula has wet the bed in the grave again.
Oh, right, right.
There's scars of Dracula's hands.
And counter-strike.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of this radio station.
Before the sermon, a message concerning Bob Dobbs,
living avatar of Slack and saint of sales on Planet Earth.
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes, your kind shall change.
I'm a little bit more of a troll.
Now, at last, the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it, the only faith that promises action, thrill, success in sex and business.
Bring your weirdest dreams to rampaging life.
Stand direct for your own abnormality.
Bob is a way of life to millions.
Yet half of them don't even know it.
He's the one true living Slack master
with the spiritual know-how to help you bash through the locked doorway to financial heaven.
He is the one real shortcut to Slack.
Now, see another dimension on your TV.
Yes, fear the stark fist of removal no longer.
Become physically attractive overnight.
Attain status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
Bob's promises to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior.
To explore new ways of going over the edge.
And coming right back.
Plus, to bring back those who couldn't make it on their own.
To help you create the highest possible earnings from the psychodynamics of abnormality.
To turn conspiracy implanted personality disorders around.
And channel them into an illusion of creativity.
That will fool normals and get you sex.
Bob Woo!
Ah, yes dear friends.
Huh.
Yes.
And this, that, the church of the subgenius that you've been hearing about.
Hearing so much about, friends.
You can get more information on just how much more information you can get.
If you'll write to this simple P.O. Box number.
That's Bob, friends, at the church of the subgenius.
P.O. Box.
140306.
Dallas, Texas.
Dallas, Texas.
75214.
That's P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas.
75214.
And stay tuned for Soul Oldies with Ron Lindsey.
He's standing right behind me ready to take over.
When this Jimi Hendrix version of Peter Gunn goes off.
And friends, those of you once again who didn't send in your pledge money.
Send that money in.
Or you can, I mean, forget your slack.
That's it.
Hear it?
Gall just died.
Just died.
So it's K-N-O-N.
P.O. Box 710909.
Dallas, Texas.
75231.
Get that money in today.
It's all yours, Ron.
Gracias, amigos.
Be listening to the voice of the people.
Gay Annoying 90.9.
P.O.
Dallas.
Praise Bob.
I stumbled on this photograph.
It kind of made me laugh.
It took me way back.
Back down memory lane.
I see the happiness.
I see the pain.
Where am I?
Back down memory lane.
I see her standing there.
Such a happy, happy pair.
Love beyond compare.
Look up there.
Look up there.
The way you held me.
No one could tell me.
That love would die.
Oh, why?
Did I have to find this photograph?
I thought I had forgot the past.
And now I'm slipping fast.
Back down memory lane.
I feel the happiness.
I feel the pain.
That love would die.




Here am I
Back down memory lane
I'm in the sunshine
I'm in the rain
Thought it was over
Here I go again
The way it held me
No one could tell me
That love would die
Oh, oh, oh
