From PR News in Washington, I'm claiming responsibility for two car bombs during morning rush hour.
And I'm the first to do so without a court order.
Vermont has approved statues and posters from Lebanon.
The House yesterday passed a bill that would only benefit the rich.
This means that the Senate passed a bill adding PR PR News to the list of prohibited items in Washington.
The threat of nuclear warfare is a threat to all of us.
How can we live?
With this threat.
Our best life insurance may be summed up in four words.
The self-genius power of...
Some of this disappears in the twinkling of an eye.
Some of it lingers for thousands of years.
Shazam.
From Hollywood tonight and every weekday night.
Bob.
They wave ten pounds of wieners at me for no reason at all.
They ask me if I'd like to go on a wiener fry.
I told them no.
Nothing was wrong with the world.
Nothing at all.
Life was going on just fine.
Starring Bob.
Let's move men and ships, guns and planes over there in an avenging flood.
Iron Man.
The walls have ears.
Struggling with some naughty problems.
Phil's had no particular interest in girls.
Warners.
I don't know any more about it.
Warners.
Isn't that funny? I don't know.
Come in.
Come in.
Come in.
Come in.
Come in.
Come in.
Apply psychotherapy.
How'd you like the movie?
Well, it was alright.
Amnesia.
Complete emotional hysteria.
A little technical.
We dull the pain sense of the ego.
We were buddies.
Talking, talking, talking.
Paul is dead.
Now think, Phil.
Think.
Paul died.
Fear and terror.
You're alright.
Isn't it nice to see everyone?
Yeah.
Yeah.







Well, that's that.
Can I have an extra dish of ice cream for my lunch?
Maybe we should put him under sodium pentothal and find out his hidden desires and motivations.
Where life begins.
Where life ends.
Where life goes on.
Jimmy.
Jimmy.
Believe me, I'm afraid.
I'm terribly afraid.
Well, which is it?
Not enough love or not enough money?
She's suffering from a neurosis.
Obsessive compulsive.
Superimposed.
Paranoid tendencies.
Prefrontal lobotomy.
Prefrontal lobotomy.
It's the only chance.
A prefrontal lobotomy?
You just stopped staring mad.
Ready to proceed with the lobotomy.
All right to proceed, Doctor.
Sponge.
Yes, Doctor.
Well moistened.
Jimmy, how long will it be?
If she has to live out the rest of her life a hopeless lunatic.
Patient cured.
Case closed.
I guess there's probably somebody here who doesn't know anything about the Church of the
Seventh.










There's a subgenius.
There's a subgenius.
And I found an explanation for it.
I don't really have one myself.
I have to read other people's.
And this was, I found this.
It's not, you think that's a joke.
I found, we went to England and somebody in England showed me this book, this is a photocopy
called The Secret World of Cults, Inside the Sects that Take Over Lives by Jean Ritchie.
And I don't know if she has an address.
I don't know if she has an agenda or not.
But here's what The Secret World of Cults said about us.
In chapter 14.
I'll try to do it in dialect.
In America, where there are over 3,000 cults, there is a flourishing religion called the
Church of the Subgenius.
The guru is a traveling salesman called J.R.
Bob Dobbs.
His church is run by mail order.
You send in your money.
And according to one of Bob's acolytes, quote, the money carries a psychic, oh, I can do this
in my own accent.
The money carries a psychic imprint of your soul.
And that's the only reason Bob wants it.
Why do they laugh at our sacred dogma?
He swings business deals with aliens using the souls of his followers as collateral.
Bob is the mystic super salesman on whose wheeling and dealing the fate of the world
depends.
I guess I must have been the acolyte she spoke to.
That's one of my lines.
On July 5, 1998, according to Bob, marauding aliens are planning to destroy the world.
Only Bob can save us by doing a deal with them.
If he fails, his followers are guaranteed seats on a spacecraft which will speed them
away from Earth just as the planet is destroyed.
There's one major difference between the Church of the Subgenius and other cults.
It is a spoof.
I'm sorry.
See what I mean?
You can't, you know, you can hide the truth in plain view.
It is a spoof that has been running successfully and profitably since 1978 and now has an estimated
30,000 followers.
Far more than most real cults.
Now the funny thing is that's probably an accurate figure.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.

It was started by four men.
This part's actually quite wrong.
It was started by four men who've given themselves exotic guru-style titles.
Reverend Stang, which I don't see what's so exotic about that.
Pastor Naked, Kelswami Hagen, and St. Janer Hyperclites.
And have parodied the literature, jargon, and advertising of the real cults.
And um, oh, if you think they've gone over the top, you should look at one of the books
they produce, High Weirdness by Mail.
in which they've collected together the bizarre religious pamphlets,
tape recordings of real-life space aliens,
and all sorts of other astonishing offers that are available
from genuine crackpot religions in the States.
They do have their own there.
It makes Bob and his secret deals with aliens seem refreshingly sane.
Well, that's the sad part, isn't it?
But Britain has not gone anything like as far down the cult road as America
and so forth in any way.
Friends, you see what...
There is a difference between us and real hardcore kooks.
Real kooks see things that aren't there,
and by that I don't mean they see, you know,
like when you take too much and you see better artwork
than is really on the wall.
What true kooks see are connections between things that aren't there.
And speed freaks, religious nuts of all kinds,
will see connections.
There are connections between things where there really aren't connections.
Or else they're connections that the rest of us don't notice
simply because we're not insane.
You know, present company excluded.
Anyway, this... Okay.
Friends, you just heard a little bit of some preaching from Winterstar Symposium.
You can get more information about that from Rosencomet.com.
Ugh.
Before that, old-time radiation.
A wonderful cut-up there by Noralpref.
Before that, introductory materials and cut-ups by Fernandin and a lemur.
In fact, there's a lot more of lemur and Noralpref cut-ups coming up.
I'm not even going to try to tell them apart, really, friends.
But now some lemur and then some Noral.
Scientists kill millions of free-roaming cats annually.
Cats face a host of hazards,
ranging from accidents to poisoning to disease.

Few cats survive, even if they appear to have escaped.
It's easytokillcats.org.
All right, Mr. Scientist, would you tell us a little bit about Peter's?
First of all, there's a tremendous mushrooming effect.
Now I want you to get this.
Peter's Blast.
It comes in a downward direction, dissolves, melts everything, even steel.
Word.
What'd you say, Peter?
Peter said,
Now I want you to get this bomb blast.
Go to the library tomorrow and say to the librarian,
she'd say,
I want a bomb blast.
Word.
From Peter.
To PR News in Washington, I'm Crammed into a square.
Illinois is playing in the finals of the first finals for the first time.
Illinois has had all season.
PR's popularity cut across religious sectarian strife.
Angelus Massa.
Peter packed the Christian card notes.
Christians 50% Muslim and 50% Christian.
The gunman who tried to kill PR News was loved.
Christians in the Middle East.
They're congratulating PR News in Washington.
In 29 through 32 at the end of the story, all the faiths in the nation.
And they ask how more 20 there appear in the days of those who stabbed them.
They're called Calcisee.
For sacrifing.
This writ is been in your impotence, because these is reshapen.
To hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate.
Like so many choose to do.
In the book.
They didn't have the good stuff in those days.
They don't have the good stuff.
you're saying man was just was too incomplete he was retarded he couldn't even feed himself you
know the typical and you know i hear this philosophy all the time you know like the
future was created yesterday you know like we're living in some better time you know
man i don't i won't say it's better or worse but i think we are definitely living in the future
now well i don't know it's arguable it's questionable in the future come on this is
the future like actually we're on the verge of the year 2005 tomorrow oh for me the future started
around 1975 well i guess yeah that's a futuristic sounding year but when you realize you lived in it
it becomes very mundane and erectile actually it makes me feel pretty cool like hey i've lived
i lived through the future and now i'm you know for me the future began in 1999 i think
so do you think the future ends in 2012 like many of the gross monkeys were
before
afforded to well i have absolutely predicted that jesus would return
in 2012 i have absolutely no reason to believe any of that i know you don't how does jesus have
anything to do with the 2012 thing how does anybody keep track of what jesus is doing
wait what simply just call him up at uh years call him over to eight uh at 800-669-2325 that's
become my number now that's your number now jesus anymore you can only reach stang at that
that's your number now
uh toll-free number oh and i'm on it right now so don't even bother was it a repossessed account or
what yeah why did jesus uh give it up uh well he's working for satan right now that's not
you gotta you know at least give him credit for knowing how to follow his nose that's where the
dough is you know it's either that or actually i shouldn't say it's satan because he's never
identified himself as satan he said he was the devil
what can i say jesus needed a lot more
money and power than the subgenius foundation was able to offer as opposed to the devil
so i'm back to the uh i'm i'm the one who has the answer machine that the 888
and that is 888 not 800 pretty spaced out phone calls on that from all across the country i just
watched an old lady get stabbed and then i was like oh my god i'm gonna die i'm gonna die i'm gonna die
and then this guy get his head taken off with the guy who stabbed her see now you live in a cool
neighborhood it was crazy you live in a cool neighborhood yeah some of us live in the kind
of neighborhoods where we wonder oh satan is he still going with that kevin guy or saddam hussein
you know right and you're like one of the people can just look out his televised window and see
old ladies being stabbed i used to live in a neighborhood like that in cleveland i love the
cries of their you know in the night of the elderly women being stabbed there's nothing like
the one i thought parking in collinwood welcome to collinwood welcome to
it's not really like that it's worse
yeah the right oh god i wish it was that it was that plus right you know you walk around dreaming
of slovenian sausage and someone's trying to hit you over the head with a bag of rock
you know real rocks and stuff yep bag of crack rock and then they ask you if you're the police
first they hit you over the head with a bag of rock and then they ask you if you're the police
and then they go are you the police you go no and then they hit you again if you were the police
then they turned around and run off and then the police beat you right then the police come and
beat you if you say you're a policeman so they won't hit you again the police come and beat you
with a with a not rocks but you know retractable bean bags well they know you're not a policeman
because you didn't already shoot them with impunity for impersonating an officer yeah that's
what they're doing you're not a policeman you're not a policeman you're not a policeman

friends you've been listening to uh clips from radio synesthesia on this hour of slack number
994 radio synesthesia is on wcsb in cleveland on wcsb.org at 10 p.m on on sunday nights
after the hour of slack friends but now some more lemur pray these words in the name of jesus
i ask you to stab my spirit
my spouse my children and stab those associated with jesus amen and amen close encounter with a
tree this is the phone call we've dreaded all these sleepless nights what happened
well the blood i'm dying changing the future brother for a playmate filled with hopelessness
and despair the cookies and the kool-aid were great dad says he's heard it all before grandpa
and i was looking for an elusive escape from reality
and three beers is just enough to get a buzz let's go inside the restroom and have some fun
all right hello yes what
fort leonard wood i'm overweight
alcohol drugs and cigarettes sabotage my efforts
oh let me go hello he's one mean dude my life was out of control and filled with despair
drunker and skunks drunker and skunks you can say that again you can say that again
but i'm not drunk i'm not drunk i'm not drunk i'm not drunk i'm not drunk i'm not drunk i'm not drunk
but but but but covered with blood i thought i was dying
thank you for coming life sure isn't what i thought it would be same here
do you guys know anyone who's really happy not me i'm glad you came me too i'm glad you came me too
i've been doing some serious soul searching uh-oh i've been doing some serious soul searching uh-oh
i can't do that wow that gives me goosebumps
well right away i came
well right away i came
not so my friend not so my friend god of love
i was a man after a good time
the compulsion to sin i don't want to go to hell michelle i don't want to go to hell michelle
pew pew pew pew you recognize that you are lost
you are lost
i wanted to die
he said i came
he said i came
to the devil listen to me
to the devil listen to me
six six six
i didn't care what anyone thought or said i only knew i needed
alcohol drugs and cigarettes
your baby is so cute yes but protect your babies
from p r news in washington i'm closed to the public today for
security reasons for security reasons
now that pope john paul is over it's time for p r news
p r's bad p r's bad p r news and warning shots to stop will be a new experience for
countries affected by playing soccer police and soldiers have taken over p r news in washington
okay
yeah
anything you say you are hearing a special i want to lie to you




for a float to alpine a reset.
Who's like Siri's loops?
Hiding or not in the cloak of disorder is simply a question of subdivision.
Concealing courage under a show of timidity presupposes a hunt of latent energy.
Masking strength with weakness is to be affected by tactical dispositions.
Express a determined strong feeling concerning Bob.
Express a determined strong feeling concerning Bob.
Who's like Siri's loops?
When they came to their senses, it made them soggy and difficult to light.
Who's like a big chocolate?
Praise Bob.
When they came for my privacy, they soon realized they didn't want to see me naked.
They checked my door, too, but then realized they'd forgot who I.
When they came for the lawyers, I was reading a license agreement.
Who's like Siri's loops?
Who's like a big chocolate?
Bob.
Praise Bob.
Who's like Siri's loops?
Who's like Siri's loops?
Bob.
Express a determined strong feeling concerning Bob.
Who's like Siri's loops?
Bob.
Surfing?
Who's like Siri's loops?
Who's like Siri's loops?
Bob.
There is no reason to say that we haven't benefited from prolonged warfare.
I don't know, but my brain even wowed.
It has been gentle and reassuring for me by flyers.
I'm the world's greatest angel, my children and I close aness to you.
Besides, I've continued to stay yogurt in the estacağım.

In a mental world of assignment dinner models and artorts, all New York online senators

A bullet of swinging Whether you're sick andstüt
or terrified, everybody swing your stick at you.

by Just John. Before that, some PR news by Lemur and public service denouncements by
Lemur. Epiphany, the musical cut up there was by Norell Preff. This music in the background
is from Asmodeus. You can check out that on latexrecords.com. And now, back to Jesus.
Right now, I confess that I might live forever. And Lord Jesus, I take you and I make you come in
me. Amen. Jesus. Speaking of products from Bob, how do I get a hold of some Frop, man?
Oh, come on. Yes, I need Frop. You gotta go to the mall. Pray, dude. Get down on your knees,
point your butt at the sky. That only grows on Planet X. What is real Habs and Frop? Is it
I mean, real Frop. True Frop does not grow anywhere on this planet, does it? Yeah, sure it
does. True Frop does? Yeah, real Habs. Yeah, it's a Tibetan herb that grows in Tibet and other
places, not just Tibet, but that's where it grows best in the Himalayas. We're not talking about
street drugs. We're talking about the true Frop. It's been, there was a movie made in the 30s
called The Werewolf of London.
Huh. The original. Not the American werewolf in London, the really old one. Thought that was
Warren Zevon's song. And that movie is about Habba Frop Zipulops. At the beginning of it,
this explorer is trying to seek this plant that grows only in the, it blooms only in the moonlight
and it only grows on the graves of dead Tibetan holy men or on the droppings of Yeti, the
abominable snowman. Excellent. And this guy is able, but it also keeps you from turning into a
werewolf.
Once you've become a Frop head and as soon as he gets to this plant, this werewolf attacks him and
bites him and when he gets back to London.
Like canthropic drugs?
Him and this other werewolf are constantly fighting over the Frop because they don't want to murder
people. And when they're out of Frop, they start killing.
I think, I love, I love the scene of a werewolf smoking Frop.
Well, that's one that they don't. When they smoke the Frop, then they go back to their humanoid,
peaceful way.
Well, they want to continue smoking so they don't continue becoming werewolves at a later date.
But still, I think it's just the idea of the pure liquid enjoyment.
And the thing is, you have to smoke more and more of the Frop to keep from changing.
Yeah, you used to do it a little, but the little wouldn't do it so the little got more and more.
Yeah.
That's the way it works.
Yeah, and since the stuff only blooms in the moonlight and only grows on Yeti droppings, which
all of this is pretty hard to set up and grow on.
I mean, there's homegrown, but you've got to be a real expert and you have to be in with
the Yetis.
Well, I mean, what about those of us?
Because there's no other way to get Yeti droppings.
You're talking about full-blooded Yeti?
You've got to have a lot of friends in Tibet who are very, very highly placed religious
or religious.
No, what are you talking about?
Five dollars not to piss on your shoes in New York. You can give a Yeti five bucks for
your drop, his droppings, and make yourself a handsome prophet.
Now, do these have to be full-blooded Yeti or is it okay to have the, yeah.
Hey, you guys, don't say anything funny for a second.

I've got to flip a tape, okay?
Oh, okay.
...bludgeoned to death with the hammer of excretia and also with a hammer and sickle
imported from the neighbor's yard.
That's a great expense.
Okay, you can start.
You can start again.
Well, I was going to ask, is it sufficient?
I mean...
Can I create some sort of hydroponic drop growing system?
Oh, I better drop growing system.
Well, first you have to make sure that the Yeti are well hydrated.
They have to have plenty of liquids on a daily basis.
Yeah.
Does it grow under a blacklight?
Well, it will, but the lunar phases will interfere with its blooming and blossoming.
Is this because of the gravitational pull of the moon or does it have something to do
with the actual light?
Well, of course, yeah.
It's filled with plenty of juicy hot lunar fluids which cause madness in most of the
incapacitory...
Even a man who has pee in heart and wears his wares at night may become a froth head
when the habifrop zippulops blooms and the autumn moon is bright.
So, what are like the euphoric effects of habifrop?
Ritual dancing.
Zippulop.
Ritualized dancing.
Compulsive spending.
One.
Another one is the acrid smell in the back of the...
Imagine suddenly being able to do everything you've ever wanted to do, even in your most
foul and perverse half fantasies.
All of a sudden, everything is your... and you're doing it.
And it's pure, total, utter satisfaction of the ego, the body, and everything on all levels.
Sometimes...
And it doesn't ever wear off.
You never come down.
You know the male plant though?
There are like... there are side effects.
Well, there is a headache.
You do get a headache that pretty much lasts forever also.
Well, I call it...
A splitting of the corpus callosum in two is a little bit more than a headache.
You know, your disjunction from the middle inside, you know, and top of the...
Yes, I mean it like completely assaults your pineal gland.
Oh, it's not for wusses.
That's for sure.
I thought I was finished.
Aren't you afraid, man?
Don't you want to be cool?
Of course I do.
I thought you were serious.
Are you afraid your mom's going to find out?
Come on.
No, man.
Everybody's doing it.

Why do you think I'm going after it, man?
Well, don't look at beautiful pineal gland.
You should be afraid of the little sands while your every dream awaits you.
These giant Yakuza pugs are filled with excrement.
I'm sorry.
Nicknamed Old U.S. Army General during the Mexican War.
No.
No.
And, uh, first, what U.S. city has hosted the greatest...
Uh, Spitzberg.
The sport region has a single rule.
So-so.
So-so.
What British doctor reduced the carbolic acid during Operation...
uh no yeah oh right all right the indian nations of the iroquois league fought with
any one of the iroquois tribes hey no no uh what that's physical
she fires oh it's alive oh from pr news in washington i'm slightly tilted in washington
cardinals preparing to elect a new pope have sealed off a site holy to jews limbs and stopped
ultra-nationalist president bush from marching there a day after their wedding britain's prince
charles and his new wife camilla were killed in a fire at a house rented by miami university
students in oxford ohio today with about 200 villagers survivors of the buchenwald
concentration camp live off campus despite police restrictions this is pr
the liaison of the priest said unto the men of war which went to the battle this is the
ordinance of the law which the lord commanded moses only the gold and the silver the brass
the iron the tin and the lead everything that may abide the fire he shall make it go through
the fire and it shall be clean
well doug i mean the whole thing is you know like he ain't doing what it is
yeah it is not scary
it does not ever get out of hand
no
everything you see are effects
yes
no
this scary guy here with some special airtime
no
is not really scary
it's just innocent but here apart
no
he is a certified killer but he will not kill you on your
yes
person on a ride here in the park so uh
so
so if it looked to you right you'll see the land of dinosaurs
yes
smithosaurus the uh
no
only dinosaur to use glasses
yes
mithilosaurus
yes
the only dinosaur to ever be in a computer
yes
here's the jehovah's saw the only american dinosaur very powerful
that's the uh wabata bata dinosaur
i believe over there with a tiny and sized head
that's right
looks like it's just split open like a watermelon but probably not
scooped out i'd say
over here the uh
there's a pack of uh slagasauri uh
oh i didn't see that
grassy grassy smith
yeah
smithosaurus
and of course you can see the theosophon
oh a very rare event here on the uh
watch out for that volcano
two more philosaurus
yes
and a conosaurus
there's a ribophosaurus
the crowd of primitive getting here
hiding in a cave
oh look at them look they're all gathering around the camera
as if it were some kind of a
hold up a tape recorder doug
oh okay here we go
they seem to recognize
yeah i think they know what sound things are now
oh i see the big wicker tape recorder
yeah
advanced technology for these guys i'd say
they must be our ancestors
or our friends we'll find out which here let me put the probe up here
oh they burned that guy in the arm
oh well
oh look they're all running away let's follow them in the helicopter okay
okay
another headman across that field hand me the assault rifle
i think i can get the uh chief
sounds good
scaring the little kids
fire the helicopter
they're closer they're heading towards the river
oh there he is
now i see clearly my whole life is pointed in one direction
i see that now
and there hasn't been any choice for me
bring the helicopter closer we have to see
oh no
look out for that pink tablet
it's only a matter of time
now we're gonna see these are little uh these little tapes tell you how hard
deeply you'd rather you've gone into the park
how scared you should be you're scared of the ocean
yes
meanwhile it was the ride that had no end
and no beginning and you're on it and i'm sorry we're not describing it better but we have to fear for our lives here in this scary ride-a-thon
yes in the land of dinosaurs
the primitive ones rule
carrying with it a great deal of sound i might add
well it's true
and fixed
and forever
and sub-dini
and here's your sub-dini i might add
sealed cord
oh yes sub-dini
sub-dini sub-dini
what is it they continue to look for who knows
the
the nightmare again
smith
fuck
the road's open
what about it
don't make no sense
the amino acids built a beer helmet
that unfortunately it didn't last forever but for
a long time whoever wore it would instantly feel like they had had several beers
really just because of the
and when you took it off you feel just normal again
is this because of uh goggles that would make you look through or something that would make you all dizzy or something or what
no no it had some sort ofosseal
little microwave thing work into the lining of it so that it would kind of cook your head
a little bit.
You know, that's what cell phones do to you, man.
That's what cell phones do.
It was a glorified cell phone, basically, that just cooked your brain a little bit.
As soon as you took it off, though, you felt relatively clear-headed again.
I read recently that the frequencies that cell phones transmit over are just the right
frequency to disrupt certain types of brain signals.
We're going to add another caller here.
Very briefly.
You know, Rob, that those signals also help melt valuable cartilage and tissue in the
air canal.
That's right.
So you're giving yourself a nice little ear reaming while you're using the phone.
So you call up WCSB and you're on the air now.
Just a, you know, mind shaft there.
From PR News in Washington, I'm dragged away and arrested.
Police did not overcharge PR News.
On Wall Street 1210-448, President Bush has told a large Jew not to abide by his obligations
under the U.S.
Backup Act.
U.S. military in the U.S. says vacationers pose a threat.
A California congressman may have sex abuse by PR News in Washington.
Eventually, you could be paid enough to say anything you want.
All it takes is paying Bob to hear what he wants to say.
In summary, the 273 obligations of the subgenius, Martian, can be summed up in one phrase.
And that one phrase can be summed up in two phrases.
Send one dollar and be yourself.
Yes, be yourself.
And therefore you will be a subgenius.
For some subgenius, that will mean crazed chemical adventures
in a scabies-like effort
to scrub the planet.



Rub away the horrors of the conspiracy from one's own brain.
Others take it pure.
Shooting up mainlining reality.
Morning, noon, and night.
For some subgenius, that will mean frenzied coupling.
Other subgeniuses will practice a chastity that even the saints can't comprehend.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
www.amara.org.com

Subtitles by the Amara.org community
The year is 2004.
6 B.X.
The X's have come and gone.
But not from this planet.
They went to the fourth planet from the sun.
Earth.
While we stuck on the third planet from the sun, Mars.
Roll in our own juices.
Basting.
Until we can come out of this hellish oven.
But there's only one solution.
At this point.
Build your own rocket ship.
The Lemurian Flying Rocket Society.
LFRS.
Light Fuse Runs Swiftly.
Advises you to build your own rocket ship.
Either by taking a walk in Bob's garden.
Or by literally building your own rocket ship.
Because we have to get off this planet.
We had a chance to do it the easy way.
On X Day, July 5th, 1998.
When the X's came and landed on Earth.
Unfortunately, we were on the wrong planet.
This is Mars.
This planet is Mars.
And the X's.
Well, Bob.
It took a while to cut the deal.
And have the X's come the first time.
They might not come again.
We can't count on it.
So we're going to have to engineer it ourselves.
Sub-G and I in the 1600's have gone on record trying to build their own sloop.
But we here in the 20th century.
21st century.
Must build our own rocket ship.
Get up to 9th gear.
And talk with the hand.
Talk with the hand.
Not to the hand.
Some of you know what I'm talking about.
A Dr. Onan Kanabite on the road, dear friends.
Before that.
We heard some KPFA Berkeley radio show with puzzling evidence.
Dr. Howell lies.
All that from the olden, olden, olden days.
Gary Gbrok, Fred, Bob Nelson.
And of course we've heard lots of Lee Murray and cut-ups.
PR news and so forth.
That story of Moses there was cut up and fixed up by Reverend James Smurker.
And we also have been hearing and will continue to hear some more radio synesthesia.
That's Dr. Sinister's show.
Praise Bob.
Now.
Norrell Pratt.
Followed by Lee Murray.
Followed by Norrell.
And William Shatner.
The sun is a mass of incandescent gas.
A gigantic nuclear furnace.
Hydrogen is built into helium.
Yo, it's hot.
Oh, it's hot.
It is so hot.
It is a gas.
Gas.
Gas.
The sun is not hot.
The sun is a place where we could live.
Nuclear furnace.
Nuclear you and me.
Atomic energy.
G.
G.
From PR news in Washington.
I'm arrested in Houston for allegedly taking part in PR news.
But critics say that it will be hard on PR's heavily fortified green zone.
On Wall Street 2510-19278.
They will also keep the profits.
This is PR's PR News.
Congress has approved and sent on to the White House a bill calling for the biggest changes in President Bush in 25 years.
Major League Baseball was delayed for three hours because of the possible threat of approaching PR News Washington.
She packed my bags.
Oh, my friend, when you're dealing with the stress.
Last night, pre-flight.
The strain, the strife, the madness in a turbulent world.








Zero.
Zero hour.
Of the esoteric metaphysical decoulage, montage, collage called.
And I'm going to be.
Cynical and drunk.
High.
As a kite by then.
Nothing really changes.
Everything remains the same.
We are what we are.
Till the day that we die.
And I think it's going to be a long, long time.
Rocket Man.
I'm a little weenie looking for a bun.
I'm a Rocket Man.
Just a teeny weenie, itty bitty one.
Rockets man.
If I keep a cooking, I'll be overdone.
Pickle an onion.
Hot dog.
In fact, it's cold as hell.
I'm a little weenie.
Oh, no, no, no.
Hot, hot, hot, hot.
So you're just going to eat?
A duck.
And I think it's going to be a long, long time.
Thank you.
I want to eat peanuts.
Yes, I want to be eaten.


There's still one more to go.

I need to go to the beach.




I want to go there.
There's a party.

I want to go up there.
Yes.
The Lord of Darkness
The Lord of Darkness
The Lord of Darkness
Satan, Satan, I was the Satan
Open the door of hell
The Lord of Darkness
The Lord of Darkness
Save him, save him, cause he's saved
Save him, save him, cause he's saved
Open the door of hell, Lord of darkness
Open the door of hell, Lord of darkness
Open the door of hell, the ward of darkness
Satan, Satan, cross to Satan
Open the door of hell, the ward of darkness
Open the door of hell, the ward of darkness
Open the door of hell, the ward of darkness
Open the door of hell, the ward of darkness
L.O.D. dear friends from the album Morningstar by Asmodeus on Latex Records
You can get more about that at Latex.com
Before that, Rocket Man was by Norel Preff with William Shatner
And now back to Radio Synesthesia
I would like to hear elevator music
I would like to hear it all time
You know, I don't really know of any good elevator music that we have up here
But I bet I could find some
Charlie Bird and Stan Getz
As elevator music?
Oh, and how about Devo's Easy Listening?
Ooh
That's a real nice kind of elevator music
It's not elevator music, but it's of those old classic Devo tunes
And it is Devo doing them
Yeah
It's kind of like lounge music
Yeah
Except elevator high
Suddenly I'm thinking of the elevator music from the Blues Brothers
In that one scene where they were
Something like that, and it just kept on going over and over and over
They're like dropping off
It's near the end where they have to deliver something to the county office or something
Oh yes
Of course
They're on that interminable elevator ride
And who plays the tax man at the end of the movie?
I don't recall
You know, there is no elevator music in police headquarters elevators
That's because policemen do not have a good sense of ear
Well, it's because it would just be too ironic
Imagine the poor cop getting off the beat
He's just had to drill some drug dealer through the head
And he's depressed about it
And he gets in the elevator
And they're playing some sappy, watery version of Allison by Elvis Costello
Right, combined
He just wants to kill himself
It's the top commercial
It should be like being destroyed by a quadrangular oscillation
Please enjoy the facilities on ward four
Or, you know, whatever cell block four or something
You know, errantly going on while the guy's taking all this stuff down for the blotter
You know, like, why did you kill him in the background?
He's gonna la la la la la
Oh, and the worst is when it's Bob Dylan protest songs turned into elevator music
I knew that it was the end times when I heard the blowing in the wind as elevator music
I'm not kidding either
And that was in the 70s
I like Masters of War as elevator music
Yeah
It's like, you know, you know that Big Brother won
You might as well just bend over and love Big Brother at that point
Yeah
That's why every band should have been named Winston Smith
Oh, ha ha, the band in the 70s, the band in the 80s, the band in the 90s, the band in the 2000s
Called Winston Smith
Oh, ho, we're all, we're all
I know a guy whose name really is Winston Smith
Well, he's one too
We all are
Well, they made many clones of him in 1984, man
They cloned all the rats, too
Each and every one of them
I saw one of your clones at work
Yeah, Doug Smith says we're different
Doug's right, Virgil
Yeah, we follow your hick logic all the way back to your inbred relatives
Yeah, Winston was cool, though
He was ahead of his time
Did he also peddle the same variety of snake oil?
Well, he hung out with the girls from the anti-sex league, you know, and, and, uh
And that result never got laid
Yeah, that's right
Well, yeah, sooner or later, it was rough in those days
All of you have heard of abnormal sex
The problem is positive values that are a protection against sexual gratification
What are we alive for except to grab all the kicks we can?
Sex, that's a kick
Sure a damn good one
Taking a girl's cherries, a hell of a gratifying thing
It makes you feel real big
The United States Supreme Court?
The degradation of these people is so complete
Prosecutors, other public officials
The human misery or suffering that cannot be measured
If you knew this, moral decay
The most insidious single group
Devilish, sadistic police
Inflicting torture on others
This is a nation of lust and violence
Depravity
The police glorify crime
We must seek to deliver ourselves from this twisting
Torturing evil
Promote good reading
Hardcore pornography
Good books on your living room table
Sex satisfaction and climax on your living room table
Sex organs, sexual gratification over and over and over again
Mad magazines are helping to create criminals faster
Excite lustful thoughts
Every three minutes
Your weapons steadily rising
Our Constitution
Was written by men who put their trust in prosecutors
Torturing other people
And ridicule law and authority
The moral decay, this is a nation of the insatiable sex jungle
Too obscene to show
That was a big kick
And so is murder
The price we pay for freedom in this country
Moral decay is spreading
And so my friends would never own children under any condition
Sex organs
So expose this plague of filth
Do you want your children stimulated gonorrhea gonorrhea syphilis syphilis
Misery misery human waste human waste of America
Blasphemy of
Into compulsive acts of sex violence
And founded a government based on this plague of filth
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
No, stop doctors. Too many minutes. Hole in head.
Stop doctors.
Okay, what is this message from the conspiracy?
It's from the Oval Office, and it says
it's addressed to James Watt.
I haven't got much time. They're at the door.
Okay, okay.
Read the message.
The doctor tape
will be sent to KPFA,
and we'll get some schnook there to take
the heat. We'll put in the funny sound effects.
When we fire you, you'll have a job.
Is that what they did with Nelson?
Yeah.
Oh, no.
I think there's something to do with the conspiracy.
I don't think Nelson even was on that show.
I think...
Oh, there goes the witness.
The only witness we had.
Now what are we going to do?
It's burning.
It's crashing.
I thought there was a conspiracy.
See, what happened is there was no...
See, what happened is Nelson wasn't even on the show.
He was done with tape and mirrors and little lights and stuff.
Yeah, I guess that's why they have these shows, sir.
We can talk to ourselves and you can talk to us.
And we can talk to them.
When they come, the exes will have to talk to them.
And if we can just explain it right,
we'll be able to avoid all that nasty stuff
that's in the prophecy books you've been reading so far.
Oh, friends, that was a little bit of the old KPFA subgenius show
compiled, in this case, by the good Phineas Narco.
I think you may be able to find more of that stuff at nationalcynical.com.
We are the Church of the Subgenius at subgenius.com.
And this is Hour of Slack 990.
Before that KPFA, we heard the PR news is by Lee Murr.
The alt-slack troll routine is Hell Pope Huey.
And the tongue-twisting craziness there was by the Toronto Tabla Ensemble.
And before that, a song by Norrell Preff.
You can get more Norrell Preff at heavyconfetti.com.
But now, Huey and Lee Murr.
We'll be right back.
Revolting from the unnatural co-joining of
animal, close family member, comical inanimate object, excrement,
and animal, close family member, comical inanimate object, excrement.
I feel certain you will be found dead, face down in
animal, close family member, comical inanimate object, excrement,
revolting location or material other than excrement
due to your severe lack of or excess in random quality.
You have the diminished intellectual capacity,
of animal, close family member, comical inanimate object, excrement.
You French poodles.
From PR news in Washington, I'm hit by a roadside Bulgarian.
Bulgarian.
Stocks today on 1744-1958-20.
This is PR news.
The head of Amtrak told a Bulgarian panel today
that the Bulgarian rail system needs a quick, large infusion
of Alan Greenspan to keep operating.
The Fed chairman warned lawmakers that if something isn't done,
there could be PR's reports.
An aging population is unlikely to eliminate.
The Bush administration proposes eliminating PR news in Washington.
You're a smarty, aren't you?
You can hardly take a hold of the president.
I was born in a bakery.

I was raised in a basement.
Chained to a dull, futureless job.
And a drab existence.
I am many things.
I am as big as you can conceive.
I am large and growing.
You can look at me.
Hard.
Yes.
I never sleep.
I am.
Negro Americans.
I can build, build, build, build, build, build, build, build dreams.
This is the spirit of millions who have lived and died so that men might be free enterprise
opportunity to brotherhood.
