Most young people will continue through life as normal responsible citizens.
Others, the shunted and unloved, the unguided, the seekers of thrills and kicks
are candidates for the slave world of lifelong...
How does it happen? Where does it start? What are the signs?
The pattern is generally the same.
Bob?
Take a lack of responsibility, the inability to make right choices,
add to it ignorance and indifference, and top it off with a desire for escapism and kicks.
The sum total is then...
The subgenius power of...
SWAT!
This is the real action. This is the test.
The time to separate the man from the boy.
Willpower, individuality, character are slipping down the drain.
In their place comes Bob.
Don't be chicken.
We shall not be the slaves of the lawful, but the slaves of the lawful.
Five minutes after! Okay, it's time to get started.
What am I doing here? How did this happen?
Oh, now I remember.
First, thank you for coming to the subgenius devival at Starwood 36.
But before we get started, I'd like you to share in one of our very solemn ceremonies
if you could just bow your heads.
your head for a silent and yet actually incredibly noisy moment of noise! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise damn God Bob!
Music to my ears, friends. It's time to open your heart, close your mind, unzip your
lips, and pull out your wallet because the word of Bob is coming. But having done
the moment of noise we do have to, now don't call the fire marshal or the
Federal Reserve because this is highly illegal. This is a dollar bill. I'm
sacrificing this thing because we did sell at least one one dollar pamphlet
over there to proving I'm not completely insane. We burn these dollar bills so that
when the the aliens up in space who promised they will save us, when they
smell the burning of the meat of this dollar bill then that reminds them that
there is still something on earth still worth saving that cares more about slack
than about money. However notice it's not a $20 bill. That would be a whole
different thing entirely. Whoa! It's the hour of slack and I usually don't run
shows where I talk the whole time but
every year there is one show where I talk for a whole hour on a stage to an
audience of people who actually paid. And I'm short on time this week so here's my
full rant from the Starwood Festival of 2016 recorded at Wisteria Event Center
on July 16th. Actually it's the second rant. There was an earlier Pufferdome rant
which we'll play next week.
And all right let me let me figure out what it is I'm supposed to do here. I
usually have to read this the Starwood tour guide just to see what the hell I
promised to talk about. The most powerful drug it says here. Sorry but we
can't tell you what it is. You'll have to sit through at least part of Reverend
Stang's sermon to learn the secret. But be warned he says it's not pretty and it's
gonna make you wait longer. Stang promises also to unveil some sizzling new
proclamations from the elusive slack master and subgenius cult guru.
Cult? This is a major world religion now. Way bigger than Jonestown.
J.R. Bob Dobbs including a heartfelt warning about the dangers of that trendy
new alternative health fad penis candling.
Are the gods and deities
goddesses overrated or is that exactly what makes them divine? These and other
deep questions will be sidestepped artfully until the Q&A starts which due
to the cues is usually the best part of a subgenius revival at Starwood. Oh if
time allows Stang will also deliver his oracular interpretation of the Starwood
guidebook and workshop list. Well yeah that's traditional. Oh and the other
traditional thing is that the Starwood guidebook is the most popular of the


time.
I'm supposed to explain the church of the subgenius. Subgenius 101. Let's see how
fast because just in case there's anybody here who doesn't already know and
wasn't inculcated at birth with the truth of J.R. Bob Dobbs. Seen here and
there's a there's a rather stylized artful Bob face over there. It's a little
prettier than he normally looks. Okay in 1953 that man J.R. Bob Dobbs already
considered by other salesmen to be a literal saint of sales underwent a
supernatural intervention. He was something we call his divine immaculation.
While working on an amateur television set of his own design he was seized up in the spirit by a
man named Joseph. He was an alien space monster calling itself Jehovah One. It has a
creature that has masqueraded as a sort of a patriarchal style God and
occasionally goes in drag throughout recorded history and probably a long time
before. Probably the near-sighted cave, the first near-sighted caveman, may have
been the first tool of Jehovah One. I have a theory about religion. Anyway,
Jehovah One showed Bob in a vision that throughout history the weirdos, the
abnormals, the well you know the down-home for real people had been put
down and oppressed by let's call them the normals, the mediocritans, the pink
boys, the Barbies and Kens, the cage-dwellers, you know who I'm talking
about? The guy sitting next to you that you don't really like that much. Any
any way he was promised that in the year 1998 aliens from the planet X would
arrive on earth at July 5th 7 a.m. and this would this event would be called
the rupture. The subgenius would be lifted up and rewarded for their faith
by being given their own basically anything they wanted forever. Not bad for
35 bucks that's all that's all Bob had to say. Well, that's about it. Thanks for watching. See you in the next episode of the show. Bye bye.
asks, and he'll make that promise along with the
old promise of
eternal salvation or triple your money back.
Nobody else offers that one. And thus Bob founded the
Church of the Subgenius, not on a
rock like some more sturdy churches, but on a shifting
sandy beach of hypocrisy and $35
bills, which he used to manufacture apparently.
A disorganized religion, a non-organization for non-joiners,
for sinners, mutants, misfits, disbelievers,
or those who will believe anything. All subgeniuses are
different. There is no typical subgenius, and we catch any two being
alike, one must die. So
I should probably load up on ammo.
Anyway, that is
a
a







, and that makes me happy because
occasionally people ask me what my real background in religion
is, you know. Monsters. I used to say, oh, I've
returned to my childhood religion, science fiction, or comic books, but that's
fancying it up too much. It's just monsters.
Monsters are often seen in their promotional materials carrying
beautiful girls. That might have something to do with it too.
I don't know. But I'm not,
I'm not the only monster lover. If you think about it,
a lot of the world's most basic original literature are stories of
monster hunts. Gilgamesh, I think, is one of the first recorded
written stories, and that's a monster
hunt story. Beowulf, the oldest known
novel or whatever in the English
language. That's a monster hunting thing. The Bible. That stars
all kinds of monsters. And all the way up to Moby Dick, which, if you think about it,
is really a cool monster hunt. And as I said, Wisteria and this whole area of
southern Ohio has its share of monsters. Now, of course, so you you say you thought
you saw some kind of a monster. Well, you know, the thing is, a monster hunt is all about monsters. And I'm not
human mind plays funny tricks on us sometimes, but come on now, this is the
modern age. We have telescopes and microscopes. We know there's no such
thing as... That's how it often goes, friends. So, you know, you've probably seen
flyers with stereo hands out warning you about the Candiru toads. Walk down
the trail, just be careful about where you decide to make water, because they
are very accurate if tiny hopping and venomous creatures related to the famous
snakes of the Amazon. We have arboreal tree squids here. They're not
as sexy as the prairie squids. They can be used for that, but they're venomous
and whether or not you de-beacon
birds, you're not going to be able to do that.
Before you have your way with them or whatever you people do with them now,
they still will hurt you. So avoid... If you don't know the difference between an
arboreal tree squid and a prairie squid, don't fuck it.
Okay? I mean, and I'm not worrying about the squids feeling either. They love it.
It's you that I'm more worried about. And of course, everyone here knows the
legend, or is it, of old Sequaw,
the prehistoric giant snapping turtle that dwells at the bottom of a mine shaft
in the deep end of the pond where you have been swimming. Maybe. If you don't
mind the strange hair that it makes grow all over you, the yeti hair. We had...
Was it you? Somebody... I'm not gonna name names partly because I can't remember and I always get
these stories wrong. But according to somebody, someone ran up to her and said,
that old Sequaw thing is true. I just saw him. I saw him crossing the road at night
or one of his children. And yes, there are large snapping turtles on this land. And
and I heard that Charlene told us that she intercepted one heading for the pond
and took it to another pond.
But I've since been told that there actually are at least three of them in the pond, but they avoid
humans who are splashing around and doing things. It's when you just kind of stop and sit there and
they see a toe or some other little wiggling, nubby object. They want to swim up there and bite it.
You know, they think it's food. And when one of those snapping cooters gets hold of your toe,
you know, they won't let go until lightning strikes.
Or a holy man urinates upon the back of the turtle.
So don't call me, call Oberon for your tortoise peeing.
There's a certain type of bear that inhabits these woods, the Ursus canola, but I'm literally not supposed to talk about that
because it might trigger something. I don't quite get it. I'm old fashioned.
I'm not sure I'm going to get into that.
But I've heard of feral hogs or mutated hog bear things.
Somebody heard one the other night.
Actually, our friend Dr.
Howell heard something really large rooting around in the trash cans up the road that scared even him.
He thought he didn't believe in monsters.
But someone else heard this unearthly.
First, they heard crashing in the underbrush.
Then I'm guessing.
They might have smelled something weird.
Then they started hearing a really weird noise.
It sounds like a cross between a giant owl and a bear.
And I forget what happened.
Either they started to run, but out of the woods crashed my neighbor, Joe Rothenberg,
with some unearthly musical instrument he had just purchased in Brazil that made those horrible noises.
So again, you.
You thought you saw some kind of monster.
Maybe you did.
There are key stealing pixies out here.
I'm I'll bet that one of you at least has had that problem.
They're pixies.
They're invisible.
Although I've heard they're really sexy, but it doesn't do you any good.
And they steal car keys or any kind of really small, important objects.
Glasses.
Maybe.
Your.
Phone.
I don't know.
They often bring them back and put them in a place that makes you feel stupid.
But it wasn't you that lost them.
It really was the pixies.
And I've been told that by experts who've lived out here for a long time.
Of course, we also have any forest or wooded area has the Bigfoot or Sasquatch or whatever.
Big hairy man, ape thing.
Around here.
They tend to live in the.
The.
Merit.
The hidden illegal marijuana growing fields.
Because then you don't notice their smell.
Apparently they smell roughly the same.
And that's kind of a like a disguise for them.
So you never know if you smell that smell.
Maybe it's maybe it's Bigfoot.
Maybe somebody is holding out on you.
A moth man.
The famous moth man was reported as existing around Point Pleasant, West Virginia, which is really a big place.
Really close to here.
They have a great museum and a moth man statue in town.
Now, this guy named John Kiel wrote the book literally about moth man.
And one drunken night of the subgenius devival.
He told me he made it all up.
He came from a carnival background.
Apparently no one else ever really noticed that.
He also wrote the book on UFOs, too.
He was really, really good at that.
And of course, then there's the ultimate monster.
I don't know if he's here, but it's Bob.
He looks so normal.
That should be a warning sign.
You know, anything that looks that normal.
God be something hiding under that mask of strangely dumb normality.
Which makes me wonder about Donald Trump, too.
But we'll get back to that.
The mind does play very strange tricks on you.
In fact, our friend who projects movies in the puffer domes, Bonds, James Bonds, brought up a conspiracy theory just this morning that I had never heard of.
Probably you.
Probably because I'm not on the internet enough.
Called the Mandela Theory.
And it's...
Has anyone heard of that?
This is really creepy.
Especially if you're reading the science fiction book I was reading this morning.
Proxima by Stephen Baxter.
Anyway, according to the Mandela Theory, a lot of people remember Nelson Mandela dying in jail, not becoming president.
And the Berenstain Bears.
Now, they were called the Berenstain Bears, right?
Well, childhood books, you know, kid books.
But now they're called the Berenstain Bears.
Yet everybody remembers him being the Berenstain Bears.
It's like, what's going on here?
Alternate? What's the other one?
Oh, and the Bible.
The Bible had changed.
I said, well, it's always changing.
They've rewritten that a million times.
He goes, no, but it means perfect.
It means permanently.
It used to say the lion will lie down with the lamb.
And now it says the lion will lie down with the wolf.
And so some alternate universe kicked off somewhere.
We have vague memories of another one.
Or, here's my theory.
It's just the marijuana.
That would actually explain damn near everything.
Depending.
Okay.
Now, see, as an emergentile dentist, I actually have a script, just in case.
And this is where I would take the Starwood 36 tour guide and make fun of ridiculous-sounding workshops.
The problem is, that's really rude.
And also, there weren't that many that were ridiculous-sounding.
There were some that were intriguing-sounding.
And they always turned out to be about something completely different from what the title indicated.
Much like mine.
The first one I noticed, Tom Swiss did one called Discordianism Through Its Literature.
Well, that must have been confusing as hell.
I mean, you could say the same thing about Church of the Subgenius.
That would be, yeah, it's literature?
That's pretty confusing.
I wanted to see this one, but couldn't.
Consciousness expansion through astronomy.
Well, if using a telescope means consciousness expansion, all those years I spent filming bugs with microscopes, I must have achieved consciousness compression.
So, oh, the microscopes, they're really great.
I've had people complain, say,
Stang, you're so locked to the mud plane.
You're so tied to the base things.
I prefer astronomy looking outwards at the greater things.
It's like, well, I prefer to, that's fine too.
Why not both?
But, you know they're crawling on you right now.
You're full of them.
There are millions, billions, billions of them inside you.
And the ones covering the ground and under the ground,
they outweigh all of us.
They're just surface creatures by a long shot.
And, yeah, consciousness compression.
Look down.
A subgenius, a true subgenius, can find incredible beauty and inspiration in a handful of dirt.
And that is not in any way a joke or an exaggeration.
And I'm sure a lot of you know what I've been talking about.
Some handfuls of dirt are more interesting than others.
But there's always something in there.
And if you look close enough, you'll see monsters all right.
That's why I got into it.
It's like, I'm bored with all these, there aren't any more monsters.
And then I looked through my first kid's microscope at a handful of dirt.
Oh, man.
There's a whole world of cool monsters down there.
What else here?
Oh, yeah.
Werewolves of wisteria.
That sounded so promising.
But it's a board game.
The werewolves are geeks.
They might be werewolves also, but they're geek werewolves.
And, boy, nothing wrong with that.
I'm a geek monster hunter.
The magic of perception, that was Phil Farber's title.
Yeah, that is magic, isn't it?
Perception.
That's a damn magicous thing I ever saw.
You can perceive monsters that aren't even there sometimes.
Not to mention invisible space gods.
What else here?
Oh, yeah.
Mommy, there's a Republican under my bed.
I missed that one, too.
But that brings me to my big subject here.
We don't normally do politics.
We don't do politics in the Church of the Subgenius.
But we have our own political party.
It's called patriopsychotic anarcho-materialism.
I'll say that again.
Patriopsychotic anarcho-materialism.
To sum it up, it's really pretty simple-minded.
Every yard a kingdom, that's about it.
Or every checkbook a queendom, I think was our old 80s joke that was added to it.
But that's kind of sexist.
But as you can tell, it's not real well thought out.
Because what do you do when you need to call a cop?
Or the roads need fixing.
We never crossed that bridge.
It's too much thinking.
But I have been thinking about another political party that might make more sense to people
and would certainly have a more attractive name.
The loudly complaining party.
Because, you know, despite all these prattling pray-bobs of positivity that you run into at places like here,
you get on the Internet or a normal coffee shop out in the world,
and you find that what people most want to do is apparently is to complain.
They love to complain.
And this brings me to the sad, sad part.
description of the most powerful drug, which I'm afraid is moral outrage. Oh, people love to get
butt hurt. It is so habit-forming. The feeling, that great feeling of being morally superior
and saying that incredibly cutting and demeaning line and then making that decision,
I could push save and sleep on it or I could push send. Yeah! I'm gonna push send. That'll show them.
And the internet and specifically Facebook is the filthy needle that they all share infecting each
other with a new and worse disease every day because there's always something to get outraged
about and the internet is the filthy needle that they all share infecting each other with a new and

it gets to a ridiculous point. And I think it's been heating up because of the elections thing and
the ungodly return of, well, it was always here, the re-eruption of race problems in America. And
people now can become, it's like, they can get upset with you for being too PC or not PC, but they can get upset with you for being too PC or not PC.

enough but what i'm saying more and more is people get frantically outraged
neue
I'm talking on both sides of the spectrum. We subgenius's prefer to think
of ourselves. There's an illustration and book of the subgenius. It's classic. Over
here there's the left wing guy. He's skinny and bearded and yelling and
And over here's the right-wing guy.
He's fat in a business suit and yelling.
But they almost come full circle at the extremes.
And there's some poor, pathetic, normal person down at the bottom of the circle.
That's probably me.
But in between those two extremes is Bob, lifting a wallet out of the pockets of each of those dumbass extremists
who are so morally outraged about everything.
This started bothering me last year.
And I remember coming up with the slogan, anger is the new slack.
And apparently, for a lot of people, that really got to be true.
The Internet was so much more polite back when nobody knew what it was.
When only, you know, in the 80s and the early 90s, when only people with college educations knew what it was.
And now it's like TV, only you can talk back.
And there's, no matter what silly notion has entered your head, you can easily find a million other people who agree with you.
So I'm, and that would tend to start to explain what I call Trump and the stupid people pride movement.
Because what I keep seeing over...
And I'm going to say this over and over again, is, well, he just says what I've been, what everybody's thinking.
Speak for yourself, lady.
I say the same things, and I just feel like a stupid idiot saying that.
But when he says it on TV, well, he sounds just so smart.
And I think, I think that the smarty pants that think they're so smart, they ain't so smart.
They're all talking about how, oh, the climate's changing.
Well, duh, summer's hot, winter's cold.
I guess them libtards...
Libertards don't know nothing.
Them smarty pants.
And at this point, friends, along with anger being the new slack, I must say that orange is the new pink.
Pink being our derogatory term for people we don't agree with.
What you might call squares.
Of course, the real point of all this is that you can't judge a book by its cover.
Trading in stereotypes is the dumbest thing you can do.
And yet...
That's what it's come to, apparently.
I have a lot of friends and relatives who are, well, not conservatives with a big C,
but they're probably a lot more conservative than me.
And my friend was saying, well, you know, a vote for Trump is a vote against boredom.
Because at least things would shake up.
And I thought...
In world politics...
Boredom is a good thing.
Boredom is what you want.
Apparently my friend has not had enough excitement in his life.
I've had a lot of excitement.
Praise boredom!
I love boredom!
Me and that Rincewind guy in those Discworld books.
We love boredom and potatoes.
Bring on the boredom when it comes to world politics.
Yeah, that's fine.
What people really want, I think, is to have a good time.



I think is for things not to change, which is why I'm for Havelock Vetinari for World Overlord.
He's the dictator in that...
Benevolent tyrant in the Discworld novels that I love so much.
On the other hand, if Bob is who he says he was, Bob's already been World Overlord for some time now.
Nonetheless, we've got this Revenge of the Caveman.
I think somebody else called it.
And, honestly, I think that there's a...
The surprise wasn't that they were there.
The surprise was that they formed such a big percentage of people who really want to get rid of that boredom.
Well, what I think they mean is get rid of all those pesky people who don't look and think just like them.
Which is a little bit scary if you're a minority.
Subgeniuses are the most understood minority, Philo said.
I still don't understand why he said that.
Which makes me feel stupid, but maybe that was his point.
We didn't call it Church of the Genius, so me making fun of the stupid People's Pride Party might be considered kind of stupid.
The difference is I can spell the phrase, you're stupid.
Without using an E in the word stupid.
And I wanted to make a big sign that said, you're fired.
Without using any Es.
But I think that an incomplete education leaves kind of a trump shaped hole in the brain.
Or any, it doesn't have to be Trump at all.
It could be any kind of strong man.
And I'm not singing the praises of Hillary Clinton either.
But that's the boredom my friend was talking about.
I prefer the boredom myself.
There's a leak in the nation's attic a mile wide.
It's much bigger than we thought.
And the last time I looked, they were neck and neck.
I remember the time I made George W. Bush into the President a second time.
Because I was so sure that my fellow Americans wouldn't fall for that again.
Boy was I wrong.
And I went and wasted my vote on a third party candidate.
And George W. Bush won by that one vote.
Of course there was cheating involved and they'll say that on both sides.
But that's what it was.
It was my fault.
Don't be like me friends.
Get off your butt on that day and go on down there.
Even if you think it doesn't make any difference.
If you don't vote, you're voting twice for somebody who wants you dead.
Seriously.
But these people see it seems like they're literally against progress.
Because a liberal might like a progressive.
Even if a Republican came up with it.
Like the Affordable Care Act.
Which was actually something Mitt Romney was pushing years ago.
Suddenly when Obama decides to do it, then it's Satan incarnate.
Go figure.
I sometimes wonder if the internet hasn't made democracy into a bad idea.
Because it's such a fertile ground for misinformation, disinformation, bigotry.
Narcissism and cowardice.
Because you can be anybody you want on the internet.
And they're all trumped in the head if you ask me.
And I think people ought to get off their damn phones and get back into meat space.
I've heard that used as an insult.
Oh he's so meat space.
Yeah, I'm a meat space kind of guy.
That's where I was born.
And where most of my fun happens.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe I'm just old.
Oh, now here's where I announce the thing that Princess Wee doesn't want me to say every year.
The real title of my sermon.
Last year the title was, the secret title, which I revealed in the end, was Astrology and Autism.
The secret title of this one was going to be When Psychics Have Car Wrecks.
Okay, we've got 10 minutes.
No, about 20 minutes left.
And that's good because I have somebody else's rant.
I'm going to read to you.
I usually don't like to just read, but this is a really good one.
It's not written by me.
It's written by the good Reverend Roger of Tucson, Arizona.
And you might have heard this on the wonderful weekly.
radio show called The Hour of Slack.
Oh, before I get into that, I almost forgot.
Speaking of the elections, are you going to feel embarrassed afterwards no matter what happens?
We've got a solution.
Don't blame me.
I voted for Bob.
This big pin in red, white, and blue.
Don't blame me.
I voted for Bob.
Unfortunately, our shipment did not get here in time.
But if you look at subgenius.com, you'll see that it's a little bit different.
I'm going to go to subgenius.com and poke around a little bit.
You'll find in our cafe press shop that you can get 10 of them for $15 or something like that.
So don't waste your vote.
But waste your $1.50 or whatever these cost for an excuse.
Okay.
The rant by the good Reverend Roger is a page and a half long.
It's about Godzilla and things.
Distinguished colleagues, the government has been screaming at me for my whole life that crackhead Godzilla is on a bender and is screwing our collective shit royally.
When I was a young man, Godzilla was a communist.
Later, Godzilla was a drug-crazed maniac.
Then he was a madman in a turban.
Then, just a little over 10 years ago, the government came out and made a big deal out of it.
And told us the truth.
As Pogo once said, we have met the enemy and he is us.
In short, I'm now told that I am the enemy.
That if I talk about the Constitution, I should be watched closely.
If I oppose the endless wars we get in, I'm to be put in a dossier and hassled at every opportunity.
It turns out that after all these years, I am Godzilla.
And dear friends, you can be Godzilla too.
Yes, the government and the electorate that puts up with them is really that sick.
But, if I'm Godzilla and I don't want to go to reptile jail or some camp in Guantanamo Bay or the Arctic,
Oh, but you didn't hear that from me.
Then I'm going to have to be Godzilla in disguise.
Everything, metaphorically, of course, falls down.
Catches fire.
And dies.
And sinks into the swamp.
And yet, no giant lizard to be seen.
Everything does come apart one way or the other.
But there's, where's the Godzilla?
Call me the enemy, will ya?
I'll give you the enemy, you swine.
And I will not rest until I've penetrated you with my gigantic dinosaur appendage in your ear hole.
I'm censoring this slightly for the, those under 40 people here.
I was content to sit by and stack up my pitiful pile of filthy lucre.
I was content to run my mouth about you bastards.
But leave it at that.
I never even got off my ass about the camp x-ray thing.
Or even Abu Ghraib.
But, as the great Saint Vince once said,
If they do it for ya, they'll do it to ya.
And he was, of course, utterly correct.
Everyone believed him.
Him being a holy man of God.
Not at all.
But we didn't really believe it.
So now, there's armored vehicles.
Lots of armored vehicles.
In Tucson, where this guy lives.
Who the hell needs armored vehicles here?
It's too hot to riot.
And I don't see the ghost of Irwin Rommel leading the D.A.K. out of the Santa Ritas any time soon.
I see buses without windows.
And the name Wackenhut on the side in small letters.
windowless buses taking people from one prison to another. What are they guilty
of? Arizona has a fairly low violent crime rate so how do they have so many
people that they have to move three or four buses a day? Oh yeah, they're
shipping people to the facility south of Tucson where we store the worst and most
violent offenders for being caught with a pocket full of sunshine. Bear in mind
they're stacking them six to a two-man cell in that place. This isn't so much
punishment for being caught with some weed or happy pills as it is a warning
to the rest of us. Stay in line or else go to hell before you die. Although that
can be arranged to. All of this may make me sound like an anarchist. I'm not. I am
in fact a bit of a statist but a statist who is mad at the state in the same
manner a libertarian would be mad at pay cops
and a little bit of a libertarian would be mad at pay cops and a little bit of
temperament would be mad at police and that kind of thing. Get many minutes at
a regular police station every day and you can't beat them. How can we beat
them, the parent of an average rip man, enough to bring down our safety online
council and just sign the inspector. There there, Walter Cnesnics comes to
every American state department in the state department. Asthma and
infection, TBI, KIW, it's all kind of on analysis. They can't get sick with
Torment your local, state, and federal government.
Not threats.
They know how to deal with threats.
Just abuse.
Weird shit.
And more abuse.
Write your congressman and tell him he's shit neck.
Hadn't heard that one.
Call the city offices and tell the comptroller he's a swine.
I'm not calling for action here.
I'm reading this guy's thing.
Prank call the local Wells Fargo bank manager.
You're a pack of creative bastards.
I imagine you can come up with a trick or two.
The thing is, it's not just Congress and the president.
It's the entire system.
Every squirrely little bastard with an ounce of pretend power.
So, be Godzilla.
A compact, quiet version of Godzilla.
A velociraptor-sized model.
Eat what you can.
Burn the rest.
And grin through your six-inch face.
And fangs.
I remain or kill me the good Reverend Roger.
Well, no.
He's the good Reverend Roger.
I'm the mean Reverend Stang.
And now it is time for me to close the monologue part of the
devival by saying, quit your job, jack off.
No.
Quit your slob.
Repent.
Quit your job.
Slop.
Back off while you still know how.
Question authority.
Or else.
Bob is not the answer, friends, and neither is anything else.
And we only have one rule in this church, which is, pardon my language,
but fuck them if they can't take a joke.
And if we can't focus, focus if we can't take a joke ourselves.
And that brings me now to the famous,
Q&A, which I hope there are some Qs.
And I hope that they're really loud.
Because my hearing has not gotten any better.
In fact, it's a lot worse.
Can you translate?
The one thing, friends, that you can do is run up to the stage and yell.
You know, at X Day we have a thing called Ask Dr. Howell,
where you give Dr. Howell a dollar and he'll answer any question.
Pretty damn well.
Well.
Well, this is tell Reverend Stein.
If you want to throw a dollar at me, you can really tell me off.
But you can also ask.
Usually the questions are the best part.
Max has asked a question.
Are we not met?
That's a good question.
Those are good peanuts, too.
Was that from Max Darkpaw?
Did you say?
The question is, are we not men?
A question first asked by the animal people on Dr. Moreau's island.
And they actually were not men.
They were hideous travesties of humanity
made by a mad scientist into shambling human life.
They were not figures.
Not man.
Not beast.
Thing.
Thing.
Are we not men?
Using men as a general term for humanity, I'm assuming, and not the ones with peeners.
The answer is no.
We are subgeniuses.
We are not.
We are human.
Yes.
Why not both?
We can't escape from that.
But we're also subgeniuses.
Whereas the non-subgeniuses, yeah, they are men.
The subgeniuses are men plus or men minus.
The women even more so.
I'll just say that to be polite or funny or something.
But we're not subgeniuses.
We're not men.
We're not men.
Are we not men?
That question was then asked by the great band Devo, who also, like those animal people,
were wondering, if there is no pain, then is there still law?
You see, the house of pain is the only reason the laws are obeyed.
Or is it?
Are the laws there because they make sense?
Or is it just because somebody gets a kick off of putting you in the house of pain?
It is still a very good question.
Ask yourself that question on voting day.
Are we not men?
Okay, another one.
What do the UFOs really look like?
What do the UFOs really look like?
Well, they're not men.
They're not women.

So I'm going to talk about the X-ists of subgenius prophecy, unidentified flying objects.
Of course, they're just simply unidentified.
Screw them.
Who cares?
They're not even going to say who they are.
And they're the kind that crash their saucers.
We're not talking about the Grays.
What do the X-ists look like?
Anything you want them to.
That is the really weird.

thing about X day. You're limited only by your imagination. If you join the
church, which can happen today for 35 bucks and the membership pack is really
it'll keep you busy for a long time. You'll get your 35 worth all right. But
the again, what you have to know when X day comes what is it you really want? Are
you limited to just things like a new car or a better job? That might be all you
get. So don't let your imagination be limited. Those aliens can look like
anything you want them to. I might want them to look like scary monsters
for a while and then like the real birdie girls or something. I don't know I'm
many people fantasize about X day for the revenge fantasy. They finally got
power and then get back at all those people that made them feel small. Some of
us are kind of all kind of already got our revenge by the fact of still being
alive and having slack. So we're just thinking of how much more fun can I have
and what can we do to travel?

we preserve from planet Earth that's worth preserving? Well, if X-Day had happened last
weekend, we'd be on our escape vessel right now because we promised y'all a star would,
and we would have lifted up all of Wisteria. Now, I could combine it with the Grand Canyon,
which I have dibs on. And because, see, I want to, I'm more concerned about collecting all the
cool stuff. You can have the robots replicate anything, but the originals are going to be worth
something. Money won't be worth anything, but, you know, people still have that need to
compete on some level. I don't know. We got another one.
Can we ever expect that Connie will go into politics?
Can we ever expect that Connie will go into politics? That is, well, how do we know she hasn't?
How do we know she hasn't? She's pretty tricky.
Connie...

Connie is Bob's wife, or actually, more accurate to say, Bob is Connie's husband.
She's really the one wearing the pants in that family and the various other kinky things.
She's the one with the brains. Bob isn't smart. This isn't Church of the Genius. Bob's just lucky.
He's the luckiest entity in the universe, but she's the one with the brains. If I were you,
I'd be real scared.
I'd be real scared if Connie Dobbs got into politics. She'd talk about being able to tell people what they most want to hear,
but with her, you wouldn't even be suspicious. She's learned from Bob how to tell people what they most want to hear.
Now, some of us, when you hear somebody telling you, like that old lady,
when Donald Trump just says all the things I'm thinking, it sounds so smart when he says it, it sounds so stupid when I say it.
Well, it is stupid.
It's unbelievably stupid, but
if you, it's actually very, very dumb
to seek out people who are telling you what you already wanted to hear.
That's how you get dumber.
That's why people who were born rich are often the dumbest people in the universe. They don't have to face
consequences of their actions. They can afford to be stupid.
The most dangerous thing on the planet, short of some viruses, is a rich drunk.
So, I used to, the reason I say that is I once had a job
moonlighting
videotaping debutante parties for the richest people in Dallas.
That's why I know that the deadliest monster out there is a drunk rich bastard.
So, I'm not sure if that answered the question.
Or anything, but I hate rich people.
Well, now if you were rich, would you still hate rich people? Yes.
I'm not so sure.
I would love to find out, and you can help by checking out our wonderful swag table over there,
run by the beautiful princess,
we are doe, queen of all the UFOs, the ones we don't identify, that aren't identified.
If we could only figure out what planet she was from,
then we could find out whether we still hate rich people when we're rich.
But really friends, you know what? I am rich. I'm
richer than the richest king of
previous
millennia. I have access to aspirin.
I was vaccinated as a child. I have air conditioning if I want to pay for it.
I've got things that the richest and knowledge.
Unbelievable knowledge and disinformation.
And friends, I suspect if you were to sit and count your blessings,
you would actually run out of fingers pretty quick.
We all have problems, and those are probably not going to go away.
But a lot of people focus on those and
forget to count their blessings on their little fingers and toes and their calculator.
Because that's the problem.
And that's easy for me to say, because I really did get slack.
As well I should, because I busted ass for that bastard J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He still owes me a lot of money too.
But at least I got the slack.
And I got to come to Starwood 26 times without having to pay.
I even used to get paid.
I would get paid now, but honestly,
Starwood's not as big as it used to be after that identity theft.
We lost a lot of...
income.
And then when Jeff died...
Friends, you don't know how much that guy was putting in out of his own pocket.
But we found out.
That's why things have changed a little bit.
But they haven't changed much, and we still get slack at Starwood.
We still have the bonfire tonight.
And I'm going to be off work almost instantly,
which means I can frop up again.
Oh, one more question.
One more question, which is, what is the question?
What is the question?
Well, that is the question, isn't it?
And I have a question myself.
What is this Walkers for Trump thing here?
Oh, the Walkers for Trump.
Well, first I have to mention that I had a question for Dr. Timothy Leary.
The very first time I opened for him, I didn't really know him very well.
And... at all.
And I shyly said, I hate to bug you, but I have one question.
How do you deal with the input?
And he went...
Well, now that's the question, isn't it?
That is the question.
That's why I said, well, that is the question.
I just was repeating Tim Leary's question to my question.
Now, as for Walkers for Trump...
...
I was just really proud of this gag.
And this was my costume for X-Day at our theme-less costume ball.
And I'd originally had the idea of just walking around with this zombie mask.
I started watching that show Walking Dead ten years after everybody else saw it.
And they call zombies walkers in that.
And I thought it would be cool to watch that.
And I walked around dressed like a zombie with a sign that said, Walkers for Trump.
And then I stumbled upon this thing in our basement.
And I went, alright.
Then another friend said, spray paint it white and say it's White Walkers for Trump.
I didn't get it because it'll be ten years before I start watching Game of Thrones.
Which apparently those are characters in Game of Thrones.
White Walkers.
But, yeah, this is...
These are horrible.
Walkers for Trump!
Ta Da!
Hey, that works pretty good, that ta-da thing.
Yeah!
Thank you, folks. We're out of here. It's dinner time.
If you see a flying demon that sounds like angry bees in the sky tonight, it might be that, but it might be my camera drone,
which I'm going to try to judiciously, carefully fly and get a picture of the bonfire from up kind of high.
And hopefully it'll be far enough away from anybody that you won't even see it.
And it won't see anybody's faces. Don't worry about that.
Price Bob! Price Starwood!
And if you're not a member of the church yet, oh, there's many more secrets you can learn.
Some of them in meat space.
Cut.
And dear friends, this year's Starwood is from July 11th.
To the 17th.
And I, for one, can't wait.
I'm going to be doing a stage rant there and a pufferdom psychedelic extravaganza with the band Mayan Ruins.
More details at StarwoodFestival.com.
Praise Bob.
Friends, are you a subgenius minister yet?
Have you joined the Church of the Subgenius?
And by that, I mean, are you a subgenius minister?
And by that, I mean, actually send in your $35 payable by PayPal or credit card on subgenius.com,
where it says become an ordained minister or where it says stores.
And even if you have, do you have your well-made Bob t-shirt from anticonformity.com?
Do you have your Arise DVD?
Sure, you can watch it on the internet.
It's not the same.
And it isn't the same.
It hasn't been kissed by the lips of Princess Wee, who kisses every copy of Arise that goes out.
And I sign every copy of Book of the Subgenius.
How about that?
You can still get those from us.
But yes, the $35 for the minister's pack, you really ought to think about it, folks.
You don't have to meet any subgeniuses ever.
But you will have to.
You will have that option.
You can't come to X Day unless you're a member.
You can't go to the members only kind of smarty pants internet forum called Scrub Genius.
I do a lot more there than on Facebook.
Because Facebook's just a bunch of gimme bobs.
People who can't even spell Bob's name right.
Do you know that, Princess Wee?
They can't even spell Bob's name right, half of them.
They leave off the quotes.
Oh yeah, gimme bobs.
You can tell.
It's so easy to tell.
Anyway, friends, we'll be back next week with more X Day recordings.
And hopefully with the lonesome cowboy.
Hopefully he won't be lonesome next week.
Rock house old Dammit, do it over there.
Dammit, the hound dog's doing fine.
Well, thank you.
Good night.
And praise Bob.
