This is the subgenre of radio ministry.
Power of slack on KNON 90.9 in the left excess.
Praise God.
To be a good man.
Turn on the machine.
This is Radio Yerevan.
My name is Hans Ivanovich Hagen.
And this is the news.
We got puppet boy.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm in a bug nugget.
No trouble.
Just get set and get going.
You hear me?
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Welcome.
And remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Bob?
And now, the subgenius.
Power of slack.
Power of slack.
The subgenius, power of slack, that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station KNON.
And only in the city of Dallas, Texas.
Should any other shows be heard from or contacted in the course of this show, the listener is advised to remain calm and only contact listed or unlisted officials in the event of any material from this radio or other listening device being inhaled during broadcast.
Small animals or other children becoming...
exposed to the ultra-high or ultra-low shocks and brain frequencies constantly scanned throughout our program should seek shelter in an approved safety unit only.
This is Walter Teasdale reminding you that it's often a photon that micro-releases, but truth is, not everyone gets the picture.
Hoping your time is all time and all your unpermissible truths are happy truths.
Here's your host...
Reverend Ivan Stang.
Ho ho ho ho ho ho.
Praise Bob.
Hoo!
Oh yes.
And... and what?
What what what what?
What?
What?
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius hour of...
SWAT!
H minutos
Well, folks, we've got way too many guests tonight.
Oh, so many, and yet so, so many.
We've got with us, once again, finally, I know y'all have been waiting for it,
the Reverend Chastity Bell.
Now, say, hoo, Chastity.
Hoo, baby.
Yeah, there we go.
And not only the mighty and sexiful Chastity Bell,
but also the evil Court Holland, the other subgenius video guy,
along with me, and direct from Toronto, Canada,
the fantabulous, and I don't know exactly what, Bob McCaffrey.
Y'all got a crowd in around the microphone there.
Because you never know when I'm going to just cut you completely off the air.
Yeah, it could happen any second now.
I'll bring this background noise down.
Turn up my monitor so I know what's going on.
And, yes, folks, don't worry.
Whenever it gets dull, we'll just go to a tape.
Listen, it's so nice to hear a female voice on the hour of slack for a change.
God.
Connie has, I don't know, I don't know.
Her sweet message has not been carried enough upon this radio station.
That's, well, what do you mean Connie's message hasn't been carried enough?
Who is Connie, and why do we give a hoot, Reverend Bell?
The only time we give a hoot is when we don't pollute these days.
I think that Connie's message is both similar and different from Bob's.
It's multifaceted.
It's feminine yet perverted.
It's friendly yet aggressive.
It's the message we've been waiting to hear.
It's like Bob's name.
It's got a B on either side and a mighty hole in the middle.
And through that hole you can see the future and the past.
Oh, she loves it.
Yeah, well, Connie Dobbs, for those of you who have just tuned in,
this is the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
On KNO and 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
And we're talking about Connie Dobbs, the wife of our guru.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Our guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The one true slack master on this plane.
And, well, we've got, as I said, Reverend Chastity Belt here to talk.
We've got Reverend Chastity Belt here to preach on the slipping, sliding word of Bob.
We've got Bob McCaffrey to preach on the cold, northern, long-nighted Canadian word of Bob.
Hey, and once again, it's another Bob.
Now, Bob, yeah, yeah.
Now, as I understand it, the Toronto Canadian subgeniuses have been increasing in number.
Oh.
Real fast.
Real fast.
We've been bobbing the media, bobbing the government,
and bobbing everything that holds still long enough to bob them.
And these are generally a perverted bunch of subgeniuses,
as the impression I've gotten from talking to the Pope of Toronto, Carl Trella.
Well, he's actually the ex-Pope.
What?
Yeah.
You're kidding.
No, he tossed it over to me for a while,
and I became the other Pope,
and I tossed it off.
Well, back to Carl again.
Hey, friends.
So I've become the Grand Inquisitioner of the church.
Oh, right.
It's a lot more fun.
More torture.
Oh, sex hurt.
Lots of sex hurt.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, we could get to know each other better.
Oh, I knew it.
I knew it.
I knew we had a match made in hell here tonight, friends.
Sort of sounds like Jim and Tammy.
Yeah, yeah.
I usually only hear from the ex-Pope Trella,
and I've always gotten the impression that the Canadian subgenius,
Clenches, were heavy, heavy into that secret doctrine of the church of sex hurt.
Well, between that and science.
Weird science.
Plenty of that.
They're both, in a way, in some ways, they're both the same.
You know, it's the ultimate science.
It's the goal of all true science.
Is it not?
Eh?
Well, sex hurt, dear friends.
Just to clarify.
So you don't get the wrong idea.
This isn't a sadomasochistic church all the time, necessarily.
We've got, the sex hurt doctrine doesn't mean tying them up and injuring them or anything like that.
It's more like until it hurts.
Until it hurts.
Until something hurts so much you just can't keep going.
And that's when you keep going, dear friends.
They're coming and going.
And so many, so few know truly whether they are coming or going in this day and age.
You know, that's an issue we need to address, I think, tonight.
You know, are these poor pinks and the noble subgenuses, are they coming or are they going?
And is Bob going to come again?
Or did he ever stop?
That's the other question.
And also, we've got here tonight.
We've got here tonight, direct from San Francisco, by way originally of Dallas itself, the mighty, mighty Reverend Port Holland.
Well, actually, Doug, I'm not direct from San Francisco.
I just got back from Dobstown, as a matter of fact, where I've been directing the upcoming motion picture, Arise.
That's right, friends.
With a cast of many, many enthusiastic subgeniuses who've been in Dobstown now as many as seven or eight years.
Well, how are some of the older, I mean, you know, there's some of these people started out as like 18-year-old kids that signed up.
They went to Dobstown back in like 79.
And how are those people doing?
Let me just put it this way, you know, their friends probably would not recognize them anymore.
The change is quite dramatic.
Praise Bob.
Man, you have to die.
You have to die to everything you were in your previous life.
Or at least wish you were dead.
Yeah, exactly.
And it's the same thing, friends, which is why you don't need to go ahead and kill yourselves.
There's no reason to.
Just wishing you were dead is the same damn thing.
That's not funny.
It's not funny at all.
It's true.
Words have never been etched on a fortune cookie paper.
Speaking of fortune cookies, I bet you've had some pretty telling fortune cookie.
Have you?
Well.
Well, I hate to kiss and tell in fortune cookies, but it's sort of like sex hurt in Chinese food.
You're wanting more an hour later.
Anything good to eat is fun to wear.
Well, friends, on that.
Well, this is going to be a nasty hour of slack, I can tell.
I'm disgusted already.
Let's get going.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
We'll, we'll, uh, first, first, let's hear what Reverend Hal Robbins has to say about Connie here.
Oh, wait a minute, I can't cut off that music.
You all can't hear that background music.
This is Bob's theme song, friends.
Hi, this is Charlie Daniels.
Hey, look, there's Connie.
This is one of her early filming appearances.
Now, let's run this by again in slow motion.
And I want you to watch what happens at the bottom of the frame.
Look, that little white light, you see it?
This is a case of early Bobism.
She had a slight halo showing right in the back of her head.
And they had to, the directors had to arrange the lighting very specially to hide the halo.
Yes, everyone thought it was a cheap lighting effect.
And Bob himself was heard to observe, say, honey, it's probably just some cheap publicity.
Satant.
Satant.
The evil, but what about Satant?
We forgot to worship Satant.
That was Yog Satant.
It's something you'll never forget.
Something I have tried all my life to forget.
It wasn't Bob, it wasn't the bleeding head, it was Satant.
It wasn't even Wol Wol.
Yogum Shototum.
It was Satant all the time.
It was Satant.

We received ourselves.
I had the money, I had the tapes, I had the map, and the girl, and the diamonds.
And the gun.
The rumor became reality.
Another satanic cult.
Yes, just another evil cult that was supposed to be a good one.
This is how the war gets on the radio.
I think a lot of subgeniuses originally believed they were doing something good by joining the church.
That wheel and chain set up makes the sound of moving artillery.
Sounds like a real battle.
Well, it's nothing compared to what it takes to move this show.
Don't be alarmed.
It's a lot more work than saving souls, believe me.
That punch didn't connect.
The sound was faked.
Although, Stang suffered a real blow from an infuriated Gabofran.
Oh, that was a great blow.
Yes, the mallet on a grapefruit gave the sound of that blow.
Curiously refreshing.
It was a lot of fun, too.
But here they come.
There, the guard is forming to march the guilty offender away.
Yes, those who believed the wrong lies in the Book of the Subterranean.
The subgenius taken into the stadium near Dobstown and all the Malaysians pour into the little wooden seats.
For the clumsy child with the hard to fit shoe size,
Cap Bigfoot, our 31st season, boys and girls 6 to 18, 10D to 15, EEEEEE.
Our patient understanding staff has had outstanding success with the clumsy, uncoordinated child.
Our unique patented method starts your child from scratch, from crawling to early walking,
to full walking, trotting and running.
Until he is actually strutting, dancing and doing gymnastics.
Many of our graduates are now prominent in ballet and jazz tap.
Write to George Trefeld, Camp Bigfoot, Peppermill, Oregon 65201.
We like you and should ignore you.
But instead, we out!
Oh!
Oh my goodness!
Oh, oh, are you alright, doctor?
No, no, not alright at all. Forget it.
Oh, friends, it's getting tougher and tougher.
Trying to keep up.
Which city you're in anymore?
In subgenius land?
But, uh, but, you know, if it's hard for us, think how hard it is for Jim and Tammy Baker.
Yeah, you knew we'd have to talk about that.
You knew we'd get around to it sooner or later.
Praise Jim and Tammy.
They finally came through.
They, yeah, Tammy's pill, what pills did Tammy have that we weren't allowed, that Bob didn't
give us?
Big numbers.
Whew.
So, so, now what were you saying, Cord, about Jim and Tammy?
There was some rumor going around, I understand.
Me, telling rumors about Jim and Tammy?
Yeah.
Well.
Yeah, I think so.
Well, it's about in the theme park, actually, Doug.
Um.
Heritage USA.
Excuse me?
Heritage USA.
Yes, that's right, Heritage USA.
I was just there recently, and I actually saw some signs of maybe some kind of alien
penetration.
Alien penetration?
But, but, uh.
So this is it.
But Tammy, Tammy denied.
Jim and Tammy's theme park.
Tammy denied it.
Tammy denied it, but look what happened.
They always deny it.
Yeah, but look what happened.
What did happen?
She told a fib.
And she had to go to the Betty Ford Clinic.
That's right.
And her husband had to pay blackmail money because he was too much of a Christian to
admit to his people.




That he had a girlfriend on the side.
Praise Fawn.
Praise Fawn.
Is that her name?
Hawn.
Hawn.
Hawn and Fawn.
Jessica.
Jessica, that vile, disgusting harlot, Hawn.
That aggressive young lady.
Now see.
I can't wait to see the article in the book.
The woman who knew all the tricks and all the moves, according to poor Jim.
He was, yea, verily he was, taken off the path of righteousness by this vile, disgusting
church secretary.
I saw pictures of her.
Truly, this is a woman who was born to type.
Obscene genes.
Obscene genes, yes.
I was shocked.
Tight.
Tight, obscene genes.
And friends, I mean, you're not going to let your genes mingle with those of some pitiful
human like that and then be blackmailed about it, are you?
In the subgenius church, I mean, if you're having an affair with another woman, the audience
members pay you to talk about it.
They ain't paid me enough yet.
I'm waiting for offers.
Well, you can call 823-7490.
Talk to the Will of Dobbs.
He's always here and ready to answer your questions about just why.
Why?
I guess that's the ultimate question.
For $115,000, that was why.
Yea, 100,000.
This guy.
Boy, I tell you, you know, I hate to bother your reverence, Thang, but when you realize
that they brought in $129 million tax-free dollars last year and they paid that dumb
bimbo $115,000, well, when you break that down percentage-wise, she really did get the
hmm out of her, I'll tell you.
What is the equivalent of the $5 fornication?
She, yeah, really, she could have gotten a lot more.
Low-budget love.
Yep.
Of course, you'd have to pay me more than $115,000.
$15,000 to consider fornicating with Jim Baker.
Eeeeee.
Here now, let's not get slanderous on the air.
I mean, Jim is a handsome, clean man.
You can tell by looking at his pictures.
He's very clean.
He's certainly not the kind of person who would be involved in...
Only Ms. Hahn can answer that question.
Yeah, I get it.
That's right.
I guess Ms. Hahn could probably answer all those questions about Jim.
Well, you know, but it's Jimmy Swaggart that's trying to take away his air wave, not us.
We don't need, I don't think that we need the PTL club.
Nay.
Our clubs are much, much, much stronger and larger than those of these rival cults.
What's his name?
Jimmy.
That guy.
Yeah.
Well, I wish Jimmy Swaggart would take over.
He's my favorite man.
He really is.
I think Swaggart's king.
He certainly plays a good, main piano.
He does. He does.
He's one of, Jimmy Swaggart is the number one gospel singer.
He's the number one album seller as far as gospel singers go in the entire world.
Now, dear friends, what are you going to do about making Cleve Duncan the new one?
Huh?
When are you going to buy Cleve's albums, huh?
Probably when they're on sale.
Okay, fine.
I can accept that.
Well, in the meantime, we'll move down to this beautiful commercial.
Has this ever happened to you?
Why, it should have been there, Ted.
It was great.
There was free booze, great music, one of the best plays I ever went to.
Where were you that night?
Oh, I just kind of stayed home and watched TV.
I guess I should have gone, huh?
Didn't you feel stupid?
Didn't you wish you could go home?
I wish I could go back to that night, that party.
Well, maybe now there's a way to learn how to do that very thing.
Introducing Bob's School of Time Control.
At Bob's, you'll learn how to speed time, slow down, and make time run backwards.
Thank the learns.
But most importantly, you'll be learning how to make time work for you.
How, you may ask?
Well, just ask this man here, an actual graduate of Bob's School of Time Control.
One day, my dog ran out in front of a truck.
Blango.
My dog was dead.
Was I sad till I met Bob?
Bob showed me how I could go back, get the registration number for the car, do a slip job on the brakes, and wouldn't you know it, that truck went off into a ditch and burst into flames just exactly a block before he could hit old Booger.
Ain't that right, fella?
Yes, just imagine the horrible things that could be undone tomorrow if you had only gone to Bob's School of Time Control today.
Courses start yesterday, but you can catch up.
Just right, Bob's School of Time Control, the universe.
Bob's School of Time Control, a division of Subgenius Industries Unlimited.
And now a few words about underwriting your favorite shows on KNON.
KNON is a non-profit, non-commercial radio station.
We cannot have commercials or advertisements going out over our airwaves.
However, if a business or individual would like to help KNON by financially sponsoring segments of programming, we are allowed to thank the underwriter and say a few things about that person's business.
First, let's discuss costs.
The cost of underwriting is only $15 per mention, with a minimum of 3 mentions.
This is tax deductible.
The payment for the first underwriting announcement and the signed underwriting contract must be presented to the KNON staff a minimum of 5 days before it is aired.
Now let's talk about what can and cannot be said during an underwriting announcement.
We can mention the name of the person and or business, the address, phone number, or the address of the person.


hours and days of operation, what the business is or does, and a motto or slogan.
We may not, however, mention prices or discounts or any money amounts.
We may not make what is legally known as an inducement to buy.
An inducement to buy is something like,
for the first 50 people to come in, you get a free oven, or ladies drink free.
We may not make comparative statements either, such as,
The announcements are no more than 30 seconds in length and may be made up to three times in one hour,
though the minimum of three does not require all of your announcements to be made in the same hour.
The underwriting announcement will be written out or taped under the supervision of the KNON staff
to make sure it falls within the legal guidelines,
and then it will be scheduled on the PSA log during the segments that are to be sponsored.
For more information on underwriting,
please visit the KNOF website at www.knof.org.

Please contact the KNON staff between 9 and 5, Monday through Friday, at 828-9500.
That's 828-9500.
So please consider the benefits of underwriting programs on KNON.
You expose your business to the segment of the community you are serving,
and you support KNON, the voice of the people.
If you are interested in more information, please visit the KNOF website at www.knof.org.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot, Akon.
What was the...
You went out and did some location shooting that I wasn't able to go out on in Malaysia, I understand,
with Reverend Howell, Dr. Howell.
Yeah, we did.
We took a boat up the Amazonian estuary towards Dobbs Town.
We were attacked by Indians, however, on the way,
and had to ditch the boat and make the rest of the way on foot.
The...
The Dred Ukabalaponga Indians, who are well known for shrinking their victims' heads and then killing them.
It was quite dangerous, and we made our way through the jungle.
Fortunately, the lights of Dobbs Town can be seen for many miles away,
so we were able to find our way by following a pillar of light.
You were guided by that star of Dobbs Town.
Friends, for those of you who are unfamiliar with the church,
and the subgenius inner secrets,
Dobbs Town is that jungle stronghold that every cult should have,
but only a few are lucky enough to actually keep,
where those who have spent enough time studying the word of Dobbs
and moving up in the ranks finally are able to go and get the operations,
the glandscaping, the acubating, and the...
You've heard about all that stuff, you know,
where you...
Where you become an apprentice over man.
You actually become ready to join our brothers from Planet X on that glorious day.
One of the most fascinating things happening at Dobbs Town now,
which I'm not sure you're aware of,
is the creation of the world's largest slack generator.
Oh, the accelerator?
The molecular...
The atomic accelerator?
Well, they've harnessed the power of the atomic accelerator now,
and the scientists have devised a...
What they claim...
The team will be the largest slack generator,
possibly in this section of the cosmos.
I can feel that slack building up, friends.
It takes a lot of money to run that slack generator.
That's right, friends.
It takes a lot of money, and I want you all to think about that.
The film is over budget again.
But, boy, is it going to be worth it.
Will it ever.
Well, I mean, you know, what's 10 million in feature film production nowadays?
Friends, we're talking about...
That's the...
The caterer's bill, by the way, 10 million.
We're talking about Arise, the subgenius video, the movie, which is still...
Oh, the subgenius movie, the video.
Is it?
Slash the video.
Yeah.
Anyway, it's multimedia, folks, and it's still in production,
but it's getting closer and closer all the time.
And we're going to show it in three days in Boston,
so it better be ready by then.
But, yes, and you can write for information.
We're going to talk about these things.
And you can also call here at the station, either one.
Call at the station at 823-7490 or write Bob, the one and only Bob, dear friends,
at P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
And don't forget, Bob is spelled B-O-B,
B, frontwards or backwards.
That's right, friends.
You can scream it out backwards, and it still comes out the same way.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Little realized even by leading scientists,
there are really only two races,
actually two distinct species of so-called...
human beings.
If you gaze upon any given street,
normally you might never suspect that only some of these people are true humans.
Outside appearances offer no clue that among this ordinary looking crowd,
on an ordinary day,
a certain number of these people are actually subgeniuses.
We would have to creep inside their heads to know whether this person or that...
is the rare subgenius gene.
But once inside those heads,
we would discover a vast new universe,
a new dimension,
coexisting not always in harmony alongside the mundane workaday world of the common human.
Another world that until now has been forced into hiding.
Now, at this very moment, the veils of secrecy can be torn aside.
We, the persecuted, may now dare to raise...
our heads high and declare,
behold us, for we are the subgeniuses.
But what is a subgenius?
How can they, we, differ so much from the humans,
whose nonsensical laws and customs we have been forced to obey?
Why have so many of us been kept in ignorance of our true heritage?
Examine this seemingly docile crowd,
and know that in some few,
simmering beneath a placid surface,
there broils a veritable cauldron of repressed subgenius awareness,
ready at any moment to explode outwardly,
often with catastrophic results.
Look at the word subgenius.
It doesn't simply mean just below a genius.
The intelligence...
level of subgeniuses can range far, far below genius. It's not the so-called intelligence
that really matters after all, but how it is used. The subgenius does not pretend to
super-knowledge, but to sub-knowledge, knowledge of the underthings, the horror-worth from
whose darkness issue the Nazi hell-creatures and other demons of the abyss. It is in contemplation
of these underthings, the underwear lurking just below the clothing of existence, that
the subgene eye display what genius they have. The study of this substratum, the foundation
garment underlying reality, is the subgenius's strength, for it is from this source that
he or she taps the infinite resources of a force that is completely incomprehensible
to humans. The force...
of slack.
All right, here is some of the sickest.
Oh, how nice of you to come visit me. I do not often have visitors here. We are so isolated
here, you know. Oh, sit down, sit down. Please do forgive me for being impolite. I'm sorry,
I'm just about to have my evening meal, and I'm very hungry. Oh, you look surprised. You do not see anything on the table?
Well, wait until I get the box.
Here it is. Yes, here it is. Here it is.
It... it is in this box that my meal is waiting. It is a... how do you Americans say it? A packaged dinner? Now, if you will forgive me, I will begin.
There we are.
But why do you gasp? It's just the head of a young girl. A pretty young girl.
This saw? Again you are surprised. But it is... it is my very special saw. I have to work for my meals. Cutting through the bone is not easy. Forgive me, I must begin.
Oh, I know what you're thinking. You think I am psychotic. I'm not psychotic. I'm just hungry.
I like to eat brains.
Oh my God, it feels so good.
Oh, doesn't it feel so good, dear friends?
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Baby, yeah.
Yeah.
Do it.
Doesn't it feel good, Chastity?
It was good for me. Was it good for you?
Hey, it's always good for me, no matter what happens. I know that sounds sick, but...
Oh my God.
Well, you know, back to the subject the listeners are most interested in. Sex hurt. You know, what... speaking of sex hurt, Reverend Belt...
Yes.
What brought you to Bob in the first place? What was your first experience with... that brought you into the church?
Well, I was searching for a church home.
And as you know, it is difficult to be in the ministry and to be both a hard worker and a woman, because there is a lot of efforts to keep women out of the ministry.
But Bob opened... Bob opened the door to me. I went to one of the absolute first church services of the Church of the Subgenius.
And I think you remember our being there, because that was when the Reverend Buck Naked was there with his dog. I believe he was telecommunicating with the dog at the time.
That was when Buck grew the hair all the time.
And he was talking about the strange parts of his body that they shouldn't have been on.
I think I remember that afternoon. It was a miracle. But the thing that brought it home for me was when I heard him playing the auto harp and singing about festering on the carcass of life.
And I knew I found the religion for me. Truly, it was a blessing to my soul.
So what about personal experiences with our guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs himself?
Well...
I feel complete in Bob for the first time. My skin glows, my hair grows, my toenails are shiny.
I feel complete because Bob has touched me in a way that very few have accomplished or even tried without tongs.
Oh, friends, Bob can fill you up. He can fill your life to the hilt. All the way. All the way.
Well, Bob, Reverend Bob Dobbs.

I'm Bob McCaffrey.
How about your first experience with Bob? And how long have the headaches lasted?
Oh, a few years now. A few years. It's been quite an experience.
I picked up the book of the subgenius way back there and opened it up and it said,
Give your money to Bob. And I knew I had found the right religion for me.
That was a very astute observation.
Friends, I want you to listen to that. You know, you hear what he says.

He heard the word, give your money to Bob, and he did so.
As a matter of fact, if I remember correctly, wasn't it you that sent not Canadian dollars, praise Bob,
damn the Canadian dollars that we get so many of lately, but you sent sterling silver, right?
Fine silver, actually. Silver ingots.
Yeah, right. The 999 series of silver ingots.
That's the ones.
I believe...
Are you sure that wasn't the 666 series?
No, no. Nay, nay.
Nay, nay.
Nay, nay.
These were the number of Bob. 999, dear friends.
We were paid for a membership in silver ingots from Canada.
And that's the way to do it. That's the way to do it.
Forget those Federal Reserve notes. You call that money?
Puh, puh.
Puh, puh.
That stuff's gonna... You're gonna be sleeping on that.
That's gonna be stuffing your mattresses in the end times.
Wallpaper.
That's gonna be firewood in the end times, friends.
You're gonna be buying and selling with subgenius pamphlets.
Oh, but you don't believe me. You think that's a...
You think that's gotta be some sort of funny joke, don't you?
Well, how about, uh, court?
What was... I... I... I don't know if I was there or not.
You never heard the story?
No, I never did hear the story about when you're...
Well, it actually happened on the golf course.
It did?
Yes, it happened on the golf course.
Well, I don't... I never really saw Bob, but a golf ball, which seemed to come out of nowhere, struck me in the head, and I was knocked unconscious.
And during the period I was unconscious...
There was a man with a pipe.
This is all I remember.
And, uh, when I woke up, uh, there was a sack of cash on the front seat of my golf cart.
He gave you money?
I think... Yeah, I think I might be one of the first.
Maybe one of the only ones.
But of course I used to...
I mean, that's not supposed to be...
Well, I understood what the money was for immediately, and I... I quickly went... started raising funds, more funds, to produce the, uh...
motion picture.
Soon to be a videotape.
That's right. That's it, friends.
And you're gonna be... you're gonna be able to buy that thing in stores.
But, oh, you don't believe me. No, it don't... you don't matter to you. Nay, nay.
...back that was inherited from that collage.
Truly first-rate sleazy art, or tenth-rate high art, that contains the cheapness necessary to help you maintain faith
throughout subgenius depression or alienation from blessed mania in these times.
A time of no style, when no one has the guts to put their bloody hearts in the line without fear of being called a weirdo.
A time when people laugh at the things that aren't funny and don't laugh at the ones that are.
They, being the normals, laugh only when there is a laugh track.
Because they don't... because they rather they want to be accepted, and they don't want to step out of line.
It's gone so far, I've actually heard sobbing at a movie theater when the expensive cars, the Mercedes-Benz and such, get totaled in a car chase.
Confusion abounds.
And the only thing we can keep our precious insanity is by letting go of the oppressive concrete weights around our necks
that pull us down to the bottom of the pool of normalcy, float up to the surface where the breathing is easy.
Come up to freshness.
Try Menthol Bob.
He's that refreshing voice in the back of your head that all of the nuns in Catholic training and psychic torturing centers
told you was the voice of the devil or one of his minions, urging you to step away from the flock.
The herd instinct is the real diabolical force.
The moral notion that organized religion teaches?
Dump those graven images down the drain before you dump your will in a ditch for them.
Ah, yes. The harvest.
The harvest.



The harvest.
The harvest.
The harvest.
You've got a good beginning.
The harvest.
The harvest.
And this, in trial and error, it just depends again on breaking the records over radio.
Rock music blares!
Door slam!
People yell!
Children scream!
Sirens whine!
Tracks rumble and now a yay day!

Roar!
And rock music blares!
Blares! Blares! Blares!
Is there any escape?
From noise?
Is there any escape?
From noise?
Is there any escape?
From noise?
Is there any escape?
From noise?
Now you take all that noise
and let it bounce off of one building
to another building
and then up to the pavement where you're walking
and it's no wonder you're exhausted after a day of shopping
No wonder you feel as if you can't finish the day on the job
You're tired
You're beaten down
You're irritable
Your mental and physical health
are so low!
You're suffering!
Is there any escape?
Is there any escape?
From noise?
Is there any escape?
From noise?
Is there any escape?
From noise?
Yes!
Yes!
Yeah!
Is there any escape?
There is!
There's no...
No!
There is no...
no!
There...
There is!


Yeah!
Sega!
an orgasm, when all of a sudden, wham, the horrible noise comes in and completely destroys
your orgasm on the Playboy channel. There it goes again, that awful interference wrecking
your orgasm on the Playboy channel. You've called the cable TV company six times. And
it still didn't do any good, because, friends, we just weren't allowed to keep playing that
song, because we don't know what might happen. Well, there's a lot of, even more aliens in
the room now than there were before.
You can hear them in the background there. Oh, the party stopped. Great. What about those,
I mean, what has the conspiracy done to prevent the fullness of slack, Reverend Belt, when
you, you know, in the midst of the eternal battle of the sexes, say, with your chosen
partner or thing of the moment?
Where do you find the conspiracy really stepping in?
I think the obvious conspiracy these days is not against slack, but against the ministries
in general. Not just Bob's ministry, but all ministries. Our tax-exempt status is seriously
threatened by naysayers and media types who suggested that Oral Roberts is not waiting
with a knife over his head for that great eternal con.
Well, I guess that's just the way I am. I'm not sure if I can convince you that Oral Roberts




But, you know, in the midst of all these, you know, these kind of comeuppance, he is
not waiting to be raptured into heaven for screwing up big for the big payoff.
You don't think that Oral Roberts is actually going to be taken home if he doesn't raise
his money, which I thought he already raised?
Well, yes, he has already raised this money, but there's never enough.
There's never enough
Too much is always better
It's sort of like sex hurt
There's never enough
You just are always wanting more
But I do feel complete
In knowing that
Oral Roberts has recently accepted
1.3 million tax free dollars
You lucky devil you
From a man who raises dogs
For a living
Sort of similar to
Mr. Roberts own ministry
Just going round and round in circles
Chasing that little bunny tail
And God spilled backwards his dog
Let's not forget
God spilled backwards his dog
I never heard that
Wow man that's heavy
Well the light of heaven is built out of cash
Yes
And the things have been so
Praise dog
Praise dog
Woof woof
I heard a message from on high and it went woof
My biggest
Concern is
Is you know we are
We are seeing a minister's attack
Not only Bob
Not only this ministry here
But ministries all over the country
Like our dear dear friend
Pat Robertson's chance for eternal
World domination is being
Questioned
Because he happens to be a minister of
Not necessarily Bob
But of a big source of power
Well I
I've had to die
Two or three times on this show
Trying to raise
Seven hundred bucks
Much less one point three million
I heard you died on this show
And you didn't even have money involved
Yeah well that's not
That's show biz talk now
But I don't know
It's a big concern
It sort of reminds me of this
Wall street takeover
You know this
This Jimmy Swaggert's turned into a regular
Ivan Boesky of the Bible Belt
I'm kind of surprised that he's not a part of this show
I'm kind of concerned
Definitely concerned
Well I mean this is a free country
You know we have freedom of superstition
Freedom of degeneracy
Uh vindictive hatefulness
But not when it cuts into our profit level
You know every dollar that you send to Jimmy
Is one that Bob can't be using
Oh not necessarily
You never know who Bob's friends may be
You know uh
What are the chances of Bob and Jimmy doing a revival
Now this would be
This would be a tearjerker that would bring that house down
Hey just have your tickets ready for 1998 dear friends
You know what just occurred to me
I have to read a public service announcement here
At some point
But but
At the same time
At the same time
What about
I mean you know if if uh
If if
If a preacher nowadays can't have an affair
Uh you know on the side
A little assignation
What kind of
What what is this
What is this
What
They call this freedom of religion
What do we become preachers for
Yeah really
I mean that's what
That's what most subgenius preachers get into it for
They hear about the
The Good Sex for Mutants dating service
I'm sure you all are signed up with that
I've had many uh
Lucky lucky fun uh meetings
Uh as a result
Good Sex for Mutants League
Yeah
Uh as everyone has
But you know if you like good food
No no no this isn't funny
This is a public service announcement
If you like good food then this may be for you
PBT
People Buying Together
Is a Metroplex food co-op
That gets the freshest fruits
Vegetables, breads and cheeses available
At the lowest possible prices
If you have an occasional Saturday free
And are interested in saving money
On top quality food
Please call for more information
In the East Dallas area
Call Bill at 363-9798
Or call Ron at 824-3277
For the phone numbers of other co-ops in your area
Call People Buying Together
At 817-926-4891
You know you could call any number
And you'd get people
People Buying Together
And Dying Together
Friends that's what it's gonna amount to
That's why
Double cheese and Kool-Aid
1998 July 5th
At what time in the morning
7 AM July 5th 1998
You're gonna be buying and dying together dear friends
That's all there is to it
And we'll be laughing and choking
Oh we'll be riding the motherships into the sky
We'll be going off into space
While y'all are down there on the earth
On the pathetic planet

On the pathetic earth plane
Bubbling like a fondue
Yeah with tufts of hair blowing away in the wind
In the radioactive nuclear winter wind
It blesses my heart to think about
All our listeners dying in horrible pain
While we fly away in happiness and sex hurt
Well somebody's gotta do it
That's right
It's a dirty ministry but somebody's got to do it
You know and where would any religion be without enemies and people to hate
You know
There wouldn't be in us
It'd be just a regular social club to heck with that
That's right it'd be some place
Well it's like the little kid across the street
She looks forward to Easter
Because on Easter her mother buys her a new dress
To go to church in
Cause God only looks at ya
On Easter and Christmas
So you better look good
You know if you don't look like you're well off
Then he may not let you into heaven I suppose
I suppose it's a very
There is a dress code in heaven
I thought I would tell you that
And we have had this proved to us
Years and years of proof
From Tammy Faye Baker
She has told you if you can't look your best for Jesus
You won't walk in the doors of the pearly gates
And you don't deserve to friends
This is true
Why should you
Why should you
If you can't afford a decent set of clothes
Why should you be allowed in with the nice folks in heaven huh
I think we ought to go to Buck's record
Buck's 45
This is Drinking Bud watching Bob friends
But this isn't the version we usually play
This is the version that Buck did
You know
With
Well it's on a 45 record
You can go down to some of the hippie record stores around here
And actually buy this thing
And of course this is the closing music for the subgenius video
Arise the movie 2
Which we will of course be advertising much more heavily when it's finished
And we love you friends
Drinking Bud Wilds
Watching Bob on TV
Swallowing red van
The day my clue dog died
Reading the pamphlet
Over and over again
I was drinking Budweiser
And Bob was on TV
The day that Uncle got kicked by a mule
I was with Cousin Junior
The DNA backfired
I was drunk
I was lonely
I was wild
I was drinking Budweiser
And Bob was on TV
Drinking Budweiser
Watching Bob on TV
Swallowing red wine
They mocked me down
Down
Down
Down
Down



Or would a şur Evan
Street Unlocked


We ended up happening
Over and over again
I was drinking Budweiser
And Bob was on TV
I was drinking Budweiser
And Bob was on TV
I was drinking Budweiser

And Bob was on TV
Did you have to wait till doomsday to say I love you?
Did you have to wait till the missiles were in the air?
Now that the world's on red alert and we've all hit the dirt
Now you tell me that you care
For ten long years we've been a-courting
For ten years there's been only you
I've whined you and dined you and I've tried to incline you
Towards telling the preacher I do
But tonight while we were dancing
I heard a voice in the air
And an air-raid siren
Made five thousand waltzers hit the floor
And while everyone else was saying their prayers
You turned to me and said
Darling, I'm yours
Did you have to wait till doomsday to say I love you?
Did you have to wait till the missiles were in the air?
Now that the world's on red alert and we've all hit the dirt
Now you tell me that you care
Come let me put my arm around your shoulder
And tell me that you love me again
And let's hurry and find us a preacher, darling
Or my best man will be
I see him
Well, did you have to wait till doomsday to say I love you?
Did you have to wait till the missiles were in the air?
Now that the world's on red alert and we've all hit the dirt
Now you tell me that you care
So let these words be our epitaph
To be certain that our minds are not at war with the world
And that our marriage will last
Until death do us part
Don't open your heart
Till just before an H-bomb blast
Ah, did you have to wait till doomsday to say I love you?
Did you have to wait till the missiles were in the air?
Now that the world's on red alert
And we've all hit the dirt
Now you tell me
That you care
Are you sure it took your sweet time?
Better too late than never
Oh, yes, what a purty, purty song, friends
A pretty song
Yes, it'll be very pretty in those end times
Well, we're gonna have to say goodbye
Once again, unfortunately, not a permanent goodbye like in that song
But, uh, Reverend Chastity Bell, thank you so much for coming by
It was worth the trip
And, well, Bob McCaffrey, I hope it was worth the trip all the way down from Toronto
To speak on the air for ten minutes
Oh, lots of fun
People like to get a hold of us
Give us a ride at the Cider Spasmodic Conception up in MTO
That's right, friends
Yeah, just ride to Bob at P.O. Box 1436 Dallas, Texas 75214
And find out all you need to know about the show and the show itself

And, you know, and Court, Court Holland
It was a pleasure, I'll be back again and again
Yes, yes, Court grew up in this godforsaken town
And didn't you go to school with John Hinckley?
Yes
That's right
Yeah, he sat in front of me in my history class
Two great Americans, I might want to add, right there
And you whispered in his ear
Well, well
Yeah, weren't you the one who inspired those
Give Hinckley and the Cider Spasmodic Conception?
Another chance at the presidency
Another shot at the presidency
Bumper stickers
Yeah, I like that
Well, friends, this is the hour of slack going off
Once again, hang on for Ron Lindsey and Down Memory Lane
And, oh, praise Bob
We'll be right back
Yeah
Giving up all around me
Pace is full of pain
I try to play my music
This day my music's too loud
I try talking about it
I got the big run around
And when I roll with the punches
I got knocked on the ground
By all this bullshit going down
Hey
Time is truly wasted
There's no guarantee
Smilers in the main
We gotta fight the problems that be
I don't understand that
People wanna say
Those that got the answers
Red tape in the way
I could take you at easy
Hey
That's just half the fun
All we know
Singing about satisfaction
Keeps me on the run
I try to play my music
This day my music's too loud
I try talking about it
I got the big run around
And when I roll with the punches
I got knocked on the ground
By all this bullshit going down
Hey
Time is truly wasted
I got the big run around
I got knocked on the ground
Smilers in the main
Smilers in the main

Smilers in the main
