And welcome to the show with the squeaky chair.
Ah, yes.
But we don't need that spooky music yet.
No.
Because it's a light-hearted show tonight.
We're going to be talking about hell and death and rebirth and so forth.
Because, well, number one, friends, I should say,
welcome to the subgenius radio ministry.
Our of slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
It's me, Reverend Stang, around Halloween of 2018.
The world is too much with me again, so we've got to do a rerun.
Now, this one was suggested by a longtime listener who has caught on
that we get so little feedback
that if somebody says,
if somebody requests something old, I'll dig it up
because we're just happy they remember something well enough to ask for it.
So the upcoming was originally
Our of Slack number 414.
414 from the year of 1993,
25 years ago.
But it's strangely perfectly timely
because it's about life and death,
and especially death.
And this year and last year
have been real, real bad years
for some of our old friends and loved ones
and some not so old.
I now, friends,
I officially hate incurable, chronic, crippling, painful diseases
far more than I hate the entire conspiracy of humans.
And that's some serious,
bloody hate with a capital H.
And they both have something in common.
They're mindless.
And yet, they're plowing through us
just because we're outnumbered.
So we have to stick together, friends.
I forgive everybody for everything,
and I hope they forgive me.
I just can't forgive the diseases
or the mindless conspiracy of childish, vengeful pinks.
Anyway, this show is largely me as a baby reading stuff just freshly written from our second Bible, Revelation X, before it was edited and pared down by half.
So there's some old school subgenius doctrine revealed in this show that never saw the light of day again until now.
So let the calendar pages fall away as we go back, back, back to the year of 1993.
I sound a lot younger in this old tape and faster but you'll see some things have not changed at all.
Praise that man, Bob.
We didn't really have time to edit tapes tonight.
I could just play music, but anything I picked you'd think was too normal and old-timey.
And to play a lot of subgenius tapes, I have to pre-screen them first, you know,
and that usually takes up about half of my Sunday.
It's my preacher's job.
And that's fine. I love doing it.
And it's a good break from the pressures of working on this book.
More book?
Young lady?
Yeah, this book we're trying to finish a year late.
Revelation X, the Bob Apocryphon.
But last week, last week, friends.
No, I've got to put the scary music back on.
Last week, Simon and Schuster called the publishers, my editor,
and she said that I have to have the text totally finished, chopped down and proofread.
In 30 days.
30 days, my friends.
30 Days
30 Days
Has September, April, June, and...
Cal...
Formal...



Power...


Cyber...

I remember I killed it when aόrith himself was walking down the street.
Well, I can say, my son, W pens have two questions.




Me porully la autó ill mom, and he's and I?

So, can't you doές call me?
Ehheh Princip Недоmoчинг
Oh.
On Eng.

So birthday party what...?
Oh yeah, Dad.
It's probably my birthday next year.
There was a time when I did believe that
I could recall every day I'd live
But then that joyride became a landslide
And I got buried alive in here
I used to wake up angels each morning
Time it was nothing I'd ever want to kill
But now the first day of every month's just
Another paycheck, no budget bills
For thirty days I am a prisoner
In thirty days I'm an escapee
For I shall tunnel out of all this trouble
I shall be free in thirty days
Well it's been a bad month my friend
And last month was not so hot either
The wind got knocked out of my life
And I don't want to fight
I just want, I just want to breathe
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
So God created the earth and heaven
In only seven days they say
And on that seventh day he rested
But I don't know how to say
I heard it another way
I heard that he got drunk and lonely
Created trouble left town alone
These thirty days he shoots out the full moon
Just to remind us we're on our own
For thirty days past September
And I could use a day or two
For lots of mystery
I shall remember

Without a clue
For thirty days
It's not some mystery
I shall remember
30 days, thirty days
30 days
Yeah yeah yeah
30 days
Thirty days
Now when I think about it all
Oh, thirty days
Thirty days
Thirty days
I'm gonna think about it all for 30 days.
30 days.
30 days.
30 days.
30 days.
Hey!
Well, that was the Rainmakers.
Love that band, the Rainmakers.
And that's how I felt all week.
So, starting yesterday, I went to hell.
And decided to finish the hell chapter by Tuesday night.
This Tuesday night.
So that I can whack the UFOs chapter together by Thursday.
And then the epistles and appendix.
And then I'll have three weeks to finish the rewrites and touch-ups of the other 400 pages.
That will take them back down to 200 pages.
Ah, yes.
And actually, I got most of that hell chapter done since yesterday.
Okay.

So, guess what you're stuck with, friends?
No, I'm not gonna read the whole night.
I did manage to find some remarkably apropos bits of tape without even looking too hard.
Thanks, Will, for helping.
But let us read here.
And this is, shall be, this perfect time to read this particular material.
Because a lot of it was originally written for the spoken word, preacher material.
And has not yet been alofteized, shall we say.
It has not been turned into the written subgenius form whereby you use a thesaurus and add big words and remove apostrophes.
But it is chapter 9.
Heaven and hell.
The realms of death and the before life.
And hints on living like there's no tomorrow.
This, by the way, folks, is based on extrapolations and direct revelations from the incomplete Dobbs Inferno manuscript.
Translated from the original tongue of the dead.
Dictated by the tormented earthbound lower half of the spirit of J.R. Bob Dobbs through Transmedium X.
The music, by the way, in the background right now is the great Reverend Dr. J. Condom on his Zombo Frothland album.
Music to pee by.
I can't remember what the exact title of it is.
It's in your catalog, okay?
And, of course, every chapter we start off with quotes.
Lofty type quotes and apropos things.
And there's always too many of them.
I have to cut most of these.
In fact, a lot of what you'll be hearing will be changed by the time it comes out in fall 94.
Yes, the fall 94 catalog.
That's right, Virgil, said Dobbs.
Loosening his collar.
It is getting rather hot in here.
And as Dr. Kataydin Legume, the evil Dr. Legume, said,
The best way to buy your way into heaven using...
The best...
No, let me take two.
The best thing to do is buy your way into heaven using somebody else's soul.
And buy your way out using somebody else's soul.
And keep your own in your pocket at all times.
And as the great Reverend Sheldon DeWeer said,
The difference between heaven and hell is which end of the pitchfork you're on.
Yep, yep.
And as Bob said in his diary at age 15,
I choose to believe in an afterlife only because it is too horrible to believe that such a cool stud as myself could be allowed to disappear from the universe.
And he also said,
This line was printing out just when my daughter's guest was looking at the computer.
Bob said,
I walked into hell the minute I stepped out of my ma's...
Uh, ma.
We'll just say ma, I guess.
To hell and back.
Death, rebirth, and the before life.
It could happen any time, friend.
Any time.
Just walking in the garden, you could suddenly die.
A branch might crack overhead and fall straight down, tip first.
Spear in the top.
Top of your head, exactly.
All the way down into your ribcage and destroying so much of your brain so suddenly that you'd never know what hit you.
And you'd think you were still walking down that trail.
And you'd hear a noise and turn and see your friend crying over your own impaled body.
And that's when you'd realize that you were a ghost.
Or a meteor could plunge from space and crush you.
Now!
Right now!
Right now!
Would you be ready?
Would you be ready, my friend?
If it happened?
In the instant you finish hearing this sentence.
Oh, but don't worry about the death of the body.
Leaving the meat shell is roughly the equivalent of taking off your shoes.
But you're not supposed to really know that.
From the grand evolutionary point of view, it would greatly impede the survival of the species.
If we all knew, we could just jump off a bridge and suddenly be...
beautiful, immortal souls, free of debt, in a wonderful heaven of telepathy and love and infinite joy.
And yet, we've all heard stories from people who were clinically dead and had these near-death, out-of-the-body experiences just before they were resuscitated on a hospital table.
And in most cases, they entered a tunnel of light, leading to the shades of their deceased loved ones.
And a great deal of light was lost.
But the light of love was at the center of the universe.
A few felt the flames of hell licking at them.
Now, both of these lovely afterlives glimpsed during temporary death are real,
but are designed only for those who are already fated to return to life and report back.
Oh, by the way, this footnote here says that another misleading phenomenon used to prove an afterlife are the so-called phone calls from the dead.
And spirit voices at seances.
And the deal is that the dead are allowed to make one telephone call, and only one, after they've passed through the gates of the hereafter.
But anyway, those particular kinds of afterlives that people come back from the dead having glimpsed,
those are merely a ruse, a red herring, a hallucination, programmed into our genetic structure to throw us off the scent.
A Wotan-implanted mental movie projector is true.
Triggered at the time of death to show this racial acid trip,
so that the human race will always be hearing fairly plausible stories suggesting some sort of god and devil.
But it's strictly for propaganda purposes.
It's not even put there as a kindness.
It's as a rollercoaster ride, as a reward after all the tedious rigamarole of living and the usual pain of dying.
What you find out too late.
Just as you find out too late.
Just as you're nearing that white light, is that it is really the headlights of an etheric Mack truck bearing down on you at 90 miles an hour.
And it's the last second before the ultra-dimensional truck hits you that makes the gods laugh the hardest.
The minute you suddenly realize that you've been tricked and are about to be killed again.
And that's what happens if you aren't resurrected pretty quick.
Each time that truck smashes you, you're reborn with amnesia.
Again, floating towards that bright.
Oncoming light.
And every time you end up remembering what that light really is, an instant too late.
Why this cruel, elaborate trick on poor, pathetic dead folks?
It's because God isn't trying to create something.
He's trying to recreate nothing.
Even God doesn't know where everything came from or how to get rid of it.
No, just kidding.
Friends, Bob wouldn't let God do that to you.
In reality, every time you fully die, you get to go from one universe to another.
Let me find some lovely reincarnation-type music.
Yes, you go from one universe to another.
They start you off, however, in the before life, which is like eternal paradise.
To kind of get you off on the right foot.
And then all of a sudden you lose your memory.
And are born of woman onto this earthly plane.
Then, when you get old and die here, you pass on to one of the etheric universes next door.
Bob once spoke of driving past the slag heaps of Midlothian, Texas,
where the conspiracy melts down the fossilized metal skeletons of old cars
to make into new ones, thence themselves to die.
And be smelted down again.
He said that this is exactly how we experience, endlessly experience,
the eternal conveyor belt of karma.
The great wheelbarrow of humiliation that we call existence.
As Bob said in Transmission 47,
In my father's midway are many bumper car rides.
And the before life for subgeniuses is like that.

A huge carnival.
You'll end up on many rides for fleeting eternities.
One may be the roller coaster of alternating fear and joy.
The next might be the tunnel of love.
Hell is the ultimate spook house.
Indeed, there are so many multiple death realities
that there's even one where you're really dead.
And nothing happens.
And you don't exist.
But most people think of liars.
Life and death as only two states of being.
The only two states of being.
Actually, they are very small straws in a very large haystack.
This haystack of death lives isn't an infinite one, though.
There is a judgment day or splice in time
that serves as both the beginning and end of a big repeating loop
of all cause and effect.
And beyond all these lives and alternate universes,
the whole of creation is actually a vast pipe.
Balanced on the back of a huge cosmic horned toad.
And beneath that, an all-encompassing fiddler crab.
Nothing itself does not exist after that.
But there's enough afterlives, however,
that you'll get the afterlife that you really want.
That's why so many preachers can't quit talking about hell.
They try to get you all mixed up between heaven and hell.
The record reveals that the world is a mess.
That's how they can get them mixed up.
But the world is not mess.
There's got to be a curse for people who believe this story.
I feel that's what's so great about Paul murdered and massacred and whipped.
I feel that's a��
That's really dope.
Paul wasn't the
God, I made it. I finally made it. Did you hear? I finally made it. Glory to God.
Oh, I thank you, Lord, for thy mercy. I thank you, Lord.
Blessed be thy name. Oh, I love you, Jesus. I thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah. Glory to God. I made it. I made it. Hallelujah.
Praise God. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah.
The backslider will be there in that judgment.
Though Christianity for centuries has operated on the thought
that men could walk in and out with God,
that they could turn back to the world and back to their sins,
then come back to God without any loss,
has led many to speculate in the most frightening way.
But the Bible said,
If the righteous man turn from his righteousness,
then all of his righteousness shall be forgotten.
Yes, sir.
The backslider.
Will be there in the judgment.
Call the next defendant.
Dana Dean to the bar.
Dana Dean, the record shows that in the year of your Lord, 1959,
you received the glorious glory of God.
You received the glorious experience of salvation.
Almighty God, King of kings and Lord of lords,
indeed, it was a glorious experience.
The record goes on to reveal that for many years,
you were a faithful servant,
performing your duties well.
Because of your faithfulness in witnessing,
many were brought into the glorious light of the gospel,
and many souls were added to the kingdom.
Because of your giving,
my preachers were able to circle the globe
with the message of salvation.
Sir, I gave back only part of that which was given unto me.
For the records to stop here, my son,
it would indeed be a wonderful story.
But these faithful records are very careful to point out
the darkest day in your life.
It is stated here that in the year of your Lord, 1973,
you turned your back upon your God,
and once more began to walk in your own way.
But sir, I've come back.
I've come back.
I've come back, sir.
I'm closer now than I've ever been before.
I've come back, sir.
My God, I've come back.
Yes.
The record shows that in the fourth watch of your life,
you returned to the fold.
What an awful price you must pay for your foolishness.
Because you turned back,
you have lost your reward.
You shall enter heaven as a servant without a single soul to your credit.
It's unfair.
It's so unfair.
I've worked so hard for the kingdom of God.
It's all in tears.
It's unfair.
I should lose all my credits now.
Oh, my.
You knew all of this before you backslid.
Show him his record.
January 3rd, 1973.
But when the righteous turneth away from his righteousness,
and commiteth iniquity,
and doeth according to all the abominations that the wicked man doeth,
shall he live?
All his righteousness that he hath done shall not be mentioned.
In his trespass that he hath trespassed,
and in his sin that he hath sinned,
in them shall he die.
This simply means that if you backslide and turn away from God,
all the rewards that you've accumulated shall be lost.
I just don't understand how this could happen to me.
August 21st, 1973.
You mean you aren't going to church again today?
Baby, don't bother me.
You know it's the morning of the day off.
I don't have to live in church to be saved.
Dana, if you aren't careful, you're going to miss out with the Lord's complete peace.
I ain't going to church.
It's my birthday, honey.
My son, you heard the word.
You were warned.
Were you so foolish as you think you could outwit the law of God?
You have returned and have been saved as of by far.
But the glory and the splendor that could have been yours
throughout the ceaseless ages of eternity
is an awful price to pay.
Oh.
Oh, my, what a fool.
Oh.
To think that I could turn my back on God and make it on my own.
My God, what a fool I've been.
How foolish can a person be?
Sir, I hope you haven't been the fool I've been.
Good question.
My God, what a fool.
What a fool.
Yes, friends, the subgenius shall be at the judgment.
Yes, yes, yes.
And, you know, it's sad.
You know, by the way, so far we've just been talking about the Christian hell and heaven.
And we're going to be on that for a while.
But there is, you graduate to the subgenius hell and then to the subgenius heaven.
We ain't written that part yet.
But, you know, we're told by people that are sometimes in the middle of the world,
they're going to be in tears.
This happens when I'm talking about Bob on somebody else's talk show.
Their voices will be cracking with emotion.
And they'll be saying, you're going to go to hell if you keep up this subgenius church business.
And it's because they've been shaken up pretty bad, possibly for the first time,
by we who dare to laugh at the great, bearded, all-judging, all-non-forgiving, unlaughable.
The great, unlaughable.
Unlaughable, my friends.
And the Christian hell does exist.
And it is the lowest rung of the ladder of the four lives.
They aren't lying about that.
What they don't tell you is that only Christians go there.
It's a rare subgenius that ends up in the Christian hell.
The hell law, the hell law, my friends, states that hell is reserved for those who believe in it.
And the lowest level is for those who think that if they don't believe in it, they'll go there.
Hell is God's revenge on those who insulted his intelligence.
Those vain and stupid enough to think God is as simple-minded and vengeful as they are.
God built hell only for Christians, Muslims, and others who believe in a devil.
The devil's only job, actually, is to pester them.
To milk out every drop of human faith and credence.
Satan, or Ahriman, or whatever, is a very minor deity compared to Jehovah One.
And has been bested in sexual prowess, if not in supernatural powers or demonic dominion, by none less than Bob himself.
To any subgenius dumb enough to take him seriously,
the devil is at worst a figure of negative slack.
Satan does run hell, and it's a very busy place these days.
But as far as affecting earthly life, Satan's responsibilities cover only Middle Eastern-based religions.
Jehovah One assigned the devil to create something that would really be hell on earth.
So he came up with the idea of Christianity, which he then followed up with Islam.
Jehovah One said to Satan,
We'll just let your hell on earth run randomly so the dupes will suffer and generate more pain for each other.
In the end, it won't matter whether they were good or bad in life.
We'll just divvy up the souls 50-50. How's that?
Friends, you might say that Christians are to blame for Satanism.
If it weren't for Christians telling each other there's a devil, nobody would believe in him.
And besides, for every satanic ritualistic killing,
a hundred babies are killed spur of the moment by fanatic Christian nut parents
who thought the kid was crying because it was possessed by Satan.
The only reason anybody serves Satan is because some Christian told them there was a Satan there to serve.
How about that?
However, there are eight circles in the Christian hell.
Dante's Inferno, however, is a hopelessly outdated work.
Hell is constantly being upgraded into a new world.
It's a world of pain configurations to compensate for the ever-degenerating quality of life here on earth.
The types of sins required to damn a Christian to these varying levels of torment are, however, surprisingly minor.
Here are some examples in ascending order of guiltiness and punishment.
The first level, the easiest level of hell, is for instance, for people who said damn or ga.
The second level is for those who might say,
I cannot believe I'm still alive.
The third level is for those who have felt lust in their hearts at one time.
The third level is for people who, for instance, forgot to say sir or ma'am.
Level four is for people who can't quote me John 6, 14 and don't know what brand Jesus Christ smoked.
Level number five is for people who opened their eyes during prayers in church.
Level six is for that guy that ripped you off.
Level seven, for murderers and rapists.
And level eight is reserved for members of, well not members, for subgeniuses who neglected to spend that $30 membership.
If you are still going down and not liberated, meditate as follows.
The sexual activities, the manipulation of machinery, the mocking laughter, dashing sounds and terrifying apparitions.
Indeed all phenomena are in their nature illusions.
They look real to me.
However they may appear.
You mean like a dream?
In truth, they are unreal and fake.
They won't stay?
They are like dreams and apparitions.
Non-permanent, non-fixed.
They'll go away?
What advantage is there in being attached to them?
Well, I'm scared.
Or being afraid of them?
I don't know.
All these hallucinations of the mind.
I like hallucinations.
The mind itself does not exist.
Oh no.
Therefore why should they?
Well, they look real.
Only through taking these illusions for real will you wander around in this confused existence.
Well, what are they?
All these are like dreams.
Yeah?
Like echoes.
Echoes, echoes, echoes.
Like cities of clouds.
Wow.
Like mirages.
Hmm.
Like mirrored forms.
What the?
Like phantasmagoria.
Is that what that is?
The moon seen in water.
What should I do?
Not real even for a moment.
Yeah?
By holding one pointedly to that train of thought.
Okay.
The belief that they are real are dissipated.
All right.
And liberation is attained.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Fourth method.
Meditation on the void.
All substances are part of my own consciousness.
What?
This consciousness is vacuous, unborn, and unceasing.
What was that?
All substances are part of my own consciousness.
This consciousness is vacuous, unborn, and unceasing.
Hey, I think I heard this.
All substances are part of my own consciousness.
This consciousness is vacuous, unborn, and unceasing.
Hey, I did hear this.
Thus meditating, allow the mind to rest in the uncreated state.
Like the pouring of water into water.
Oh, I got a tingle.
The mind should be allowed its own easy mental posture.
Well?
In its natural unmodified condition.
Yeah?
Clear and vibrant.
Well, what should I do?
By maintaining this relaxed, uncreated state of mind.
Yeah?
Rebirth into routine game reality is sure to be prevented.
Okay.
Meditate on this until you are certainly free.
I want to be free.
I got it.
I got it.

I got it.
I got it.
Oh, and they've got to be the Funky Bardos.
Who else could it be but those wacky, Funky Funky Bardos.
And yes, you have to be careful about reentry into the regular, normal, mundane earth plane
because there's another level of hell called West Heck, which we will tell you about on
side two of show in just one minute.








tape-flipping moment, if you know what I mean.
Yes, my friends, there is a particularly insidious section of hell called West Heck.
Philodrummond is an expert on West Heck.
Many lost souls are in Heck without knowing it.
It's a polite hell, a genteel hell.
They don't even tell you you're in Heck.
You could easily be living in Heck on Earth and think it was perfectly normal.
You still have to work a horrible day job,
to spend your whole eternity working a dull, pointless job that doesn't mean a damn thing except money to pay for slightly less pain.
There's a special section of Hell that's called West Heck.
It's a section of Hell for each earthly profession in which one might fail, including yours.
The only difference is that this time it's eternal torment.
Then you're not trying to satisfy paying customers, but paid demons.
Only after toiling for a week that lasts 1,000 years do you earn the right to relax and go out on a date.
But then you're faced with sex in Hell.
Which is a living nightmare.
Because in Hell, you're judged by your looks.
If your looks don't conform to Miss Hell foldout of 1996,
well, you're going to have trouble getting dates.
And in Hell, you get old, you age, your skin sags as the years go by,
and you're compelled to wear elaborate hairdos and makeup.
On top of that, the demons make such a big deal out of sex, both pro and con.
Half the time you're so uptight about doing everything correctly,
you can't get your rocks off.
You go to all that trouble for kind of a halfway climax.
Wouldn't you hate to live in a world like that?
Wouldn't you do anything to get to Heaven?
Even kill yourself?
But see, that's the difference.
In Hell, you don't know if there's an afterlife, so you don't dare kill yourself.
In Heaven, you know for sure that you're already in it, so you don't have to kill yourself.
There is a Hell you can retire from.
But there's also one where they tell you you'll retire at age 50.
But you always get killed there.
Just before your 50th birthday, and end up wading even deeper into the lake of fire.
Oh, you'll find out. You're gonna find out, friend.
There ain't no water down there.
Ain't no water down there.
You can't get a drink, and you can't put out that fire.
There's never quite enough church air to breathe.
Oh, you take that church air for granted now.
You may not even know about it.
But wait till it's gone, little Bobby.
You can never win.
It's like playing against a computer.
It can't lose. It can't lose.
In fact, in one Hell, in the Tick Hell, you're like a little character in a video game.
Forced to eternally machine gun the endless stream of ticks crawling out at you from behind cactuses in a blistering desert.
And when the ticks die, they excrete a cactus and another tick.
You can kill lots of ticks.
Yeah, you can score real high.
You can keep earning lifetimes.
But sooner or later, they're gonna get you.
They creep up on you.
They creep up on you, boy.
It's just like here on Earth.
And to top it off, there is reincarnation.
There is reincarnation, friends.
Once you're in Hell, oh yeah, you'll have plenty of lives in Hell.
Facts about the before of life.
Some genius rebirth.
You were, will be there.
It tends to end the scrutiny of the new Gnarnians.
But the Gnarnians, or the subgenius book of the living dead, has been underway for the past 12 years.
Church doctors in the Dobstown vaults have nearly completed their translation of this most holy book in the Yeti Vita trilogy.
These self-same doctors inform us that many passages of this work are directly attributable to the brave and enlightened Atlanteans.
Long-time subscribers to the Stark Fist will recall our last report on this uber-sacred tomb-time story.
The story of the Gnarnians is a story of a man who was sent home about six years ago, number 22, volume 17.
And we published Partying After Death by Dr. Siddhartha Ni-Katharsis.
As you knew, will know, subgenius souls, or mental essences, are volatile, brightly colored, and usually very fast when they care to be.
They go where they want and are hard for others to control.
Souls of normals, however, are bland-looking pill-like creatures.


Although in life, subs and norms are almost indistinguishable, after death this is a hard mistake to make.
When a subgenius dies, the in-intescence bursts from its meek prison.
Its massless seed careens in a pan-galactic journey, lasting but a moment of our time.
It usually returns once to make sure it's really dead before moving on to the before-life.
Due to a 10,000-year disinformation campaign by the Gnarnians,


a jaded stereotype of heaven and hell is being pushed by the false churches.
In fact, there is little difference between the two.
Subgenii often commute between heaven and hell.
Interestingly, heaven is hotter than hell.
The seven suns which heat heaven make it many times hotter than the molten gaseous temperature thresholds of brimstone.
When a subgenius decides to live again, he, she is not alone.
Each subgenius has a nental-life twin on the media plane.
This is a revelation of the power of the subgenius.
Subgenius spiritual mastery is not maintained without struggle.
The subgenius must be vigilant and must hone his abnormality.
He must tithe the church.
Otherwise, the in-intescence loses its spark,
and the subgenius degenerates and dies normally.
This is a death worse than any fate.
When a normal dies, it exhausts all of its puny strength in a vain effort to hover near the body it squandered.
The pale, shell-like entity soon is carried away by wind or other forces.
Being lighter than air, the pink, although they may be bland versions of other colors,
the pink soul drifts aimlessly.
Although pinkster souls, also known as plugs, do tend to cluster.
The plugs are gathered up by cosmic agents, usually representing Jehovah One,
who has the largest franchise in this era.
The plugs are sprinkled into vats.
The vats have an energy source which melts the plug shells, making them bond together.
As new plugs continue to collect above,
the norm souls' shapes and colors blend until they resemble a lumpy stew.
Ultimately, the plugs form a clear slurry which drains from the vat.
This plasma can be used to form new souls,
souls who have a chance to become new subgenii.
However, the plasma is also formed during sex,
and the slurpluss is often sold as a spaceship fuel additive.
These hedgemen are known to have been styled in such a vat by the gods,
by agents for their master.
The vats themselves are said to be relics left by the elder gods,
forged for unguessed motives.
Thus, normals cannot be said to have led past lives.
It was just... normal.
I'm Pastor Bucknaked. You can write to me at
Post Office Box 140026, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Send a dollar and I'll send you a package of wild stuff and my candy line.
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay.
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay.
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay.
Patrons all around you,
Patrons everywhere.
Patrons of behavior,
Sometimes seem unfair.
Can you recognize the patterns that you find?
Patrons unfamiliar,
Patrons leaking through,
Two patterns of discovery,
Tracing up the clues.
Can you recognize the patterns that you find?
Stuck in your mind.
In this land where stability is hard to find,
You can erase the patterns so unkind.
Don't bother asking why,
Where patterns never cry.
Where patterns never die.
They just go on and on.
Patrons multiply,
Repair and debut.
Endless variations,
Make your life seem new.
Can you recognize the patterns that you find?
Stuck in your mind.
In this land where stability is hard to find,
You can erase the patterns so unkind.
Patrons all around you,
Patrons everywhere.
Patrons everywhere.
Patrons leading you,
Patrons with you,
Patrons all around you,
Patrons all around you,
Never fail to see,
Patrons in your mind.
Oh, yes, friends, the devos, as I like to call those terrible boys.
God, I actually had not meant to play that song,
but the thing that I did have queued up was something mysterious happened to it.
But that's okay, friends, because you know what?
Well, no wonder this thing stopped turning on when I hit it.
Power's off.
There we go.
Ah, yes, you know, because Bob's been to hell.
The elder gods were jealous of Bob's slack,
for they have no bodies and thus cannot know the true squirt.
And so they sent Bob to hell and stole his squirt.
Now think of it.
Dobbs in the Christian hell,
pursued endlessly by demons,
making him relearn the concept of pain,
which he had forgotten in his great slackfulness,
while bastard gods like Wotan usurped the sexual-spiritual orgasm
from which they had disconnected his astral senses.
It's enough to make you want to do something about it.
But like what?
What are you going to do?
Shoot a shotgun up in the sky or into the deepest,
mine shaft you can find.
All the gods in the universe all join together,
and a mighty legion of doom have been unable to defeat the devil.
And we say, here's what we say.
We say, thank God for Satan,
for it's through his success that Bob's word receives press.
You see, as powerful as the devil is, he cannot defeat Bob.
He cannot defeat that man, Bob.
Bob has repeatedly made incredible breakouts from the underworld.
Now, by coincidence, each time,
as he is reincarnated into short-lived life forms,
such as the mayfly, the brine shrimp, and a turkey,
just before Thanksgiving,
at one point he came back as a baboon's heart.
Thus, he was quickly caught again by that devil
and sentenced even deeper into hell with each recapture.
He has become very familiar with hell's many circles
and levels and trap doors and escape hatches.
And while he's been there, Bob's made a few changes.
He's going to bring...
some measure of democracy to hell.
He will, shall we say, Americanize hell.
Most of the souls down there were born before there was an America.
They're more than ready for blue jeans, hot cars, and radios.
For in some parts of hell, there is not even rock and roll.
But although you can escape from hell,
especially Bob can escape from hell,
there is no escape from heaven.
And we're going to talk about the caves and flames of the Christian heaven.
Although you can escape hell.
Uh, wait, I just said that.
I see I'm editing as we go along here.
By the time you get to Christian heaven, said Chainer Hyperclete,
you'll be wishing to God you've made it to subgenius hell.
The Christian heaven is only the next rung up the ladder of afterlives,
and it's also reserved for Christians.
It consists of an absence of pain
and...
of pleasure.
You see, friends, you're damned if you do and damned if you don't.
All the obedient souls belong to God and get eternal slavery in heaven.
And everybody else burns in hell forever and ever.
Now, we don't buy that! I'm sorry!
Church and subgenius, we just don't buy that.
As if making you a work slave all your life wasn't bad enough,
they want to keep you enslaved in the afterlife as well.
They spend all their mortal lives forcing puritanical laws down everybody's throats,
and then they expect us to believe that heaven's gonna be any different?
That once they reach heaven, then God's suddenly gonna allow his little herd of sheep to run wild?
You get the...
You get all the joy of the fundamentalist lifestyle.
Uh-huh.
With no hope of escape, not even death.
Some heaven.
Little wonder Lucifer got the hell out of there.
Bob believes in everyone's God-forbidden right
to choose for themselves!
The fate of their almighty soul!
Dobbs is recruiting lost souls of every creed!
The billions that fell between the cracks of good and evil!
The neutrals who just want for once to be left alone in the afterlife?
My friends, there's plenty of quality souls frying in hell
just because they didn't want to follow the goose-stepping guidelines of G-G-God.
Lashed and tortured forever for no other reason than that they wanted to be free.
And if freedom's a sin, pray that we're all sinners.
I was praying last night when an angel broke the light
He said, I'm gonna have to put you on hold for a time
I said, hold like hell, let me talk to the boss
He said, I'm sorry, stupid sinner.
It's the boss's day off.
And I realized then that the wages of sin
was two bucks an hour and working weekend.
I was ignoring the fee he was lashed to the crawlers
He cried, help me get this son of a bitch off.
I said I would if I could.
I can't, so I won't.
Well, I wouldn't want you messing your hair up.
So don't.
And I realized then that the wages of sin
was all the lumber you can carry
all the nails you can bend
the wages of sin
the reward of fear
is worrying and threatened every second of the year
If heaven is guilt, no sex and no show
then I'm not sure if I really wanna go.
Is it going to be fast or fast?
Are you okay with that?
If the удобimas don't have money


If all's well that ends well
I'm a shit pimp
If all's good
I'm ennoblando
I don't mind a girl
Burn my threeatti
All the people be put on set
If you know this church is crap.
Hey, it's Maria and Fred, every second of the day. The church and the state, you've got a country kind. One gets your body, the other gets your mind.
Mary, Mary Magdalena, how about a date? You've been wasting your time staying up so late. Your boyfriend's dead, the word is you're a whore.
Just about then I heard a knock on the door, and I realized then that the wages of sin was a bad reputation and too many friends.
The wages of sin.
The wages of sin.
The wages of sin.
The wages of sin.
The wages of sin.
The wages of sin.
The wages of sin.

The Raging Wound of Sin
The Raging Wound of Sin
The Wagers of Sin
The Wagers of Sin
The Wagers of Sin
The Wagers of Sin
The Wagers of Sin
Oh yes friends, the Rainmakers once again.
Performed that little piece of music and now we must unfortunately discuss, well it's, one might say the scarier part of all this.
You know the soul is the one part of us that the conspiracy hungers for the most.
And when you enter Wotan's bloodstream you have to deal with his antibodies.
Go into the spirit and you must deal with spirit.
And with the cannibalism of souls.
Some spirits called theocrats vampirize off other spirits and so live, quote unquote, live forever at the expense of their victims.
They obtain these victims by posing as gods and persuading the religious believers to come to them.
They come voluntarily after death thinking that they are entering eternal bliss in heaven.
And by the way, this is all from a book called War in Heaven by Kyle Griffith.
And he continues to say, quote,
Many notorious tyrants, conquerors, evil religious leaders, black magicians and criminals have become theocrats after death.
But so have some saints or benign.
And so have some priests or priests or priests or priests or priests or monks or priests or priests or priests or priests or priests or priests or priests.
But there are also some of the most famous and most renowned and most respected and most respected and most respected and most respected.
Power corrupts.
And the prospect of achieving immortality corrupts even more.
Many people with highly developed souls whose earthly lives were lived quite ethically chose to become theocrats after death.
This has been especially true for people who were religiously devout, then found out the horrible truth about their gods after death.
The theocrats enslave other spirits and provide.
psychic energy, just as slaves or employees on earth provide physical labor. The daily
activities of a fundamentalist theocratic band organized in heaven are similar to a
church service as such sects hold them on earth, except that they go on perpetually.
The theocrat in charge poses as the Lord God Jehovah. The subordinate theocrats pose as
Christ, various angels and apostles and so forth. God quotes the same biblical passages
and preaches the same sermons as preachers in the same sect do on earth, and the congregation
joins in singing the same hymns. The theocratic leaders then channel this collective psychic
energy. For instance, there are dead Christians who think they're in heaven, sitting around
the throne of Jehovah, eternally singing his praises.
When they're really just his slaves and possibly his dinner as well. Now you understand the
real significance of Holy Communion.
Ah, yeah.
Young lady, because you have never been a Christian, you are not a Christian. You are



a Christian. You are a Christian. You have accepted Jesus Christ as your Savior. You
must go to hell.
Oh, please. I don't want to go to hell. Why, I'm only 14 years old. I'm too young. I never
even had a chance to be a Christian. But I'd like to be saved. Couldn't I become a Christian
now?
No, child. It is too late.
But, but you wouldn't send a person to hell who, who never had a chance, would you?
But you had an opportunity when you were seven years old. June 2nd, 1968.
Oh.
Willie, you're too young. Willie, you're older. You have plenty of time.
But you saw how my parents wouldn't let me go. It's their fault.
It's their fault that I'm lost. It's their fault. Why wouldn't you let me go?
There were other times that I have dealt with you, but you would have none of it.
When was it that you dealt with me?
December 18th, 1974.
Betty, for as long as I've known Christ, I've tried to make him real to you. When are you
going to accept him and be saved?
I don't know, Cindy. I don't want to hurt your feelings, but religion just isn't my
thing. There's plenty of time. I'm just not interested right now.
Betty, one of these days you're going to stand before God, and you'll wish a thousand times
you'd taken the chance to accept him. But it'll be too late.
No, child. You are lost and there is no place found for you except the lake of fire, prepared
for the devil and his angels.
Oh, my God. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm
so sorry. I'm so sorry.




Take her away.
No. No. No, I'm too young. I don't want to go. Mama! Betty! Help me!
The evil. The beat. The beat. The beat. The evil. The beat. The beat. The beat. The beat.
The beat. The beat. The beat. The evil. I. I believe that it's because I know Christ.
No.

Subgenius hell.
It's a cold, cold kind of hell.
Cold in here.
Wish I could light this here pipe.
They gave me all the frappy in the world.
And it's too cold to light this pipe.
Oh, Bob, where are you now?
Why did you leave me in the hands of me?
However, Bob will offer you eternal salvation or triple your money back.
Which unfortunately gives them the image in their minds of Bob standing at the gates of hell handing out $60 checks.
Well, that's real funny.
I hope you boys are having a good time.
I bet you thought this old church thingy.
Yours is going to be big, big fun.
Big barrel of laughs.
Oh, yeah.
I bet you thought you were going to be some kind of high school lawyer with that Bob fellow of yours.
Well, you're looking at a pretty damn long eternity.
Oh, by the way, here's that triple your money back.
It's, what, $60?
One for you.
One for you, Jones.
And don't let this deter you from doing business with us again.
Yeah.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to, got your pencil ready?
Bob.
Post office box.
8-0-1.
8-0-7.
Glen Rose, Texas.
7-6-0-4-3.
That's Bob.
Box 8-0-7.
Glen Rose, Texas.
7-6-0-4-3.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
Well, then, Dennis locked me in this little box.
I can't feel anything.
I can't see anything.
It's totally black.
I have no sensation in my hands.
I don't know if I'm moving or what.
I'm just in this little box.
He said I could talk to you.
He said you'd know what to do if you wanted to help me.
Oh, good.
Help me, Peter Wellman.
I promise I'll pay you all the royalties that I didn't tell you about.
And whatever you want.
I mean, anything.
Oh, Tevis.
You can have Tevis.
Just get me out of this box, Wellman.
Please don't.
No.
Don't believe what Paul told you.
It's all a lie.
It's all a lie.
Whatever I did, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I let you out of the box, Wellman.
I can't.
This is a bad show, Wellman.
This is a real bad show.
She says she'd almost rather see me in Tevis than in nothing at all.
Bright, perky, almost psychedelic.
The Tevis line of fine men's undergarments.
Underwear you'll never change.
Sweet-talk me all you want, but you'll never get me out of my Tevis.
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
The obscenity of...
Why I believe that is because I know how it feels when you sing it.
I know what it does to you.
The evil feeling that you feel when you sing it.
Why I believe that is because I know how it feels.
The evil feeling that you feel when you sing it.
I know the...
The love that you feel.
The peace.
Well, if you talk to the average teenager of today and you ask them what it is about rock and roll music that they like...
The evil feeling that you feel when you sing it.
If you talk to the average teenager of today...
If you talk to the average teenager of today...
If you talk to the average teenager of today...
