This is KNOA 90.9 FM Dallas. I'm Robert Wisdom and you've been listening to the American Music Party.
Well, have a happy birthday there, Robert.
Thank you.
Where's that birthday party you're having?
Uh, Fort Davis.
Well, now listen to this, friends.
That's the show.
Hey, Mother, I gourmandize on the sacred veracruel front of the earth.
Okay, now, show begins when bass show time reaches the main show time.
In case of the bass show time or the stop show time.
And when the second show time reaches the...
Wait a minute, wait.
That's this switch here.
Okay, I think we're ready to go.
Let's go!
Welcome, dear friends, to the subgenius hour of...
What?
Every time you say, see, hear, or think,
Bob?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
No trouble.
Just get set and get going.
Hey, hit me.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I want to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
Oh, so nice out here in the little studio.
But that's a very funny reading on the scope.
It's turbulent.
It looks like a...
Anything wrong, Bobby?
It's spiral.
What is that?
You can identify.
It's a local control panel sending out the wrong image to the show here.
Can we correct it for long distance?
You've got to beef the energy up.
You see, the entire show deadline caught me napping.
All right, we'll read it on the e-scope here.
Perfect concentration.
No distractions.
No anxiety.
No fear.
Greetings, my friends.
We are all interested in the future,
for that is where you and I,
are going to spend the rest of our lives.
And remember, my friends,
future events such as these
will affect you in the future.
You are interested in the unknown,
the mysterious,
the unexplainable.
That is why you are here.
So in this violent city, Philadelphia,
full of derelicts and drugs,
just realize we're going to take it from you right there on home turf.
Which means that these tape recordings are making are for the sake of future history.
If any.
Future history, you said.
The world grows ever stranger,
and our traditional values seem to lose their meaning.
Thousands of Americans have rushed into the arms of bizarre religious cults
to find a sense of spiritual security.
Perhaps the strangest of these cults is a little-known group called
The Church of the Subgenius.
It began in the heart of the Bible Belt in Dallas, Texas,
but its membership is spreading across the nation.
We at What's Up America,
though not given to making predictions,
feel that the Church of the Subgenius is surely the church of the future,
or at least what's left of it.
We want God! We want God! We want God!
That's right. Doug and his friends sell their particular book,








The Grand Comedy, in the form of pamphlets and magazines
to anyone who has a buck or two.
The faithful.
When you first look at it, some people go,
oh, I get it, this is a take-off on weird cults and conspiracies
and, and, uh, kooks in general.
Then they look a little bit deeper, and if they're really an attuned sort of person,
then they realize, oh, I get it, this really is a weird cult with cosmic wisdom and dogma,
but I've been reading all my life.
And that's when they're, uh, usually when they write their first check
to the Subgenius Foundation, that's when their luck begins to change,
their finances improve, and that kind of thing.
That's my friend and he's leading me somewhere
Oh, he is Bob, he is Bob
And where is Bob leading them?
Right now, it acts like it's gonna make me weird.
Doug's been standing out in the sun for long enough.
I think it would be a marvelous time for people to put their hands on the radio,
or if you have a stereo.
Ah, yes.
If you have a stereo, you could go out and put your hands on maybe one speaker.
Lay your hands down.
Let your old lady put it on another speaker, you know.
On that radio or that tape recorder if you're listening.
Because that's where the real edge comes from.
Really, really sit cross-legged.
Feel those little molecules coming right out from Bob.
You're all good!
It's almost out of jack time and there's only one Gary here.
Two Dougs.
Eighteen Bob's that everyone needs, right?
And the show with its own tuned-out generation.
Yes, they're here too.
What's going on here?
Well, we're tuning in on you right now.
And there, we're centered in...
Oh, okay, we're on lock.
Oh, okay, we're on lock.
Oh, okay, we're on lock.
Is there anything we can do?
There's got to be something we can do.
Now, someone figure out what we're supposed to do.
On an interview show...
Hey, I don't want to listen to a recording.
I want to talk to somebody who's doing an interview show.
Well, there once was a man
The world's greatest salesman
And he had devised a plan
To get the sackers from our feet
Oh, yeah, but now he's gone
A martyr for the cause
For the fallout
And he's coming again
Who knew that the first shot
Was gonna be the last shot
But he's got a hard drive in mind
The gas won't go through the night
And although he may be hurt
The universe will keep on squintin'
By the spiral, no
And he's coming again
Oh!

The land of the dead
By the tear of that happy day
We can only drink and say
Far be far, no
And he's coming again
I know he can make it
Without him we can't take it
We'll lose the patience of our minds
But still the big boys in the wind
Until the day that he goes back
It'll be a world without sack
Far be far, no
And he's coming again
Far be far, no
Far be far, no
Far be far, no
And he's coming again
If we don't want the answers upon us
Then we need far to be honest
Far be far, no
Far be far, no
Far be far, no
And he's coming again
Far be far, no
Far be far, no
Far be far, no
He's coming again
It's like Master Cleve in A Spurious Jive
You can win a date with this man
I'm gonna start all over again
I've got to start this damn show all over again
Hold on just a second
I can't leave this mobile stall
studio out here with the lights on.
As always, I'm always late to the station.
Late, late, late, late, late.
At least I've got this little portable thing so that we can start the show whether I'm in the studio or not.
And here we have the, here we are finally in the K&OM studios.
As you can see, oh, oh, the guard dog's trying to get out.
As you can see here, or would be able to see if the camera was working,
this huge bank of cassette and reel-to-reel decks that are brought in each night for the hour, slack,
by the zombies, by the very Will O'Dobbs.
But tonight I wanted to do a thing where I, a little how-to bit.
You know, a lot of people go, well, how do you do this out?
I mean, it's a one-hour slack thing, man.
And it's computers is basically what it is.
Not only is the show written pretty much by computer, of course, you know, there's some human interface there.
But it's also actually, believe it or not, recorded and acted by computer simulation of human voices, dear friends.
And we use this Beast 9000 computer here.
Excuse me, Will.
You can see with the, this booger has a 40,000K RAM and a 50,000K U.
And essentially we just type in the script and fine-tune the machine until we get the desired lifelike effect of human speech.
And we can program in the voices of any subgenius ranter.
We've got about 25 people in the files with a, well, we've been doing this for six months.
And we've been doing this for so long that we've built up quite a library of human-like vocal utterances.
And I will show you all.
Oh, shoot.
We're going to have to, we're going to have to tune this guy out here.
Hold on just a second.
And I'll show you how, how we do a sample hour of slack show without having to fly in people from all over the country.
Let's see.
We've got the, first we type in the message.
Here on the computer.
I'll just, for an example here.
And then, I have to, hold on.
I'm going to hurt your ears as I move you to the back of the computer where you can hear the pre-processed sound.
This is what it sounds like before we actually add the human vocalizations.
This is the sole database and we are converting it onto online data.
Convert to subentry mode.
Transferred to the district memory computer.
And retrieve the line of radar by hardware.
These computers are .
So some experts still prefer to use the word mimic to human brain.
There.
There we go.
See.
See.
That part is easy.
That's the easy part.
But we don't have to do that.
What we can do next then is select this little portion here.
And call that one Doug.
That will be the puzzling evidence voice.
And this section here will be the howl voice.
And now see we have these voices, digital samplings of these people's voices in a huge database of syllables.
The tricky part is to, let's see.
We add here the human emphasis simulator.
With a pleasant and informative vocal tone.
And that will take care of them.
See.
Now we add sound effects with fractalization.
And set the extemporaneous spin off mode on at 75% speed.
Use the general knowledge access file for.
Now this.
That is where we get the metaphorical bounce back we call it.
So the voices appear to actually be interacting with the sound effects before they say it.
And so let's.
Here turn it on.
Listen to this.
You heard what it sounded like at first.
Now here's the final version.
This is the show database.
And we're converting it onto online data.
Convote to sub-entry mode.
Then the database is transferred to the district memory by a general purpose computer.
Where we ask.
And retrieved along a radar sweep line by special purpose hardware.
These computers are the ones that can actually think.
Though some experts still prefer to use the word mimic.
The human brain.
I want a football in a tool chest in the summer.
That means this bird is in your brain.
Or.
Contrariwise.
That large brain is now inside a bird.
Some birds are little more than nature's flying birds.
And they have tiny brains.
Boing me.
Boing away.
Virtually nothing else exists in these organisms.
Except a large brain and a pair of wings.
To steer it about through its environment.
How fun.
Natural selection has reduced this creature to its present day grotesque appearance.
But a perfect example of adaptability and evolutionary speciation.
In the marvelous Darwinian tapestry.
We call about the politely possible.
.

.
.
.
.


.
.
.
.
.
.
.
here is the
Tricentennial Drag by Patrick
Vian. Thanks to
Doug Vinsel out there, our only
listener in Nebraska.
Tricentennial Drag by
Tricentennial Drag by
Tricentennial Drag by
Patrick Vian.
Well, that's
Life in America with the Tricentennial
Drag, Patrick
Vian, whoever that is.
Yes, yes, yes. Sirens, emergency sirens and parades. Only cost five dollars per second to live in America.
What?
Well, we don't want to go that direction then. Let's, uh, the following tape.
Doctors for Wotan compilation album number two is copyright 1981 by the Subgenius Foundation.
This has been, closing in, tape number 137.
The Momentary Relief Facility Answering System.
A division of OPCO!
We have no other site.
Oh, anyway, so I do expect a full report on the power damage to Dallas and Houston as soon as possible, okay?
I'm trying to get this information to you now before it happens, because I think after it happens,
there's a good chance that the small yield stuff will erase all the tapes that we have in our collections, both of our collections.
So, uh, we're engaged in a kind of pointless history problem. Good.
And we can keep it going that way. That's just fine.
Um, beyond that, I think that all survivors of intelligence networks, uh, on this, this side of the field, uh, will be in good faith with us.
Testing the DoubleDug Alert System. Testing the DoubleDug Alert System.
We can help you out!
We can help you out!
We can help you out!
We can help you out!


We can help you out!
If you all ever wondered what a Doctors for Wotan album sounded like, that's what you're listening to.
Well, this is the end of Doctors for Wotan for tonight. We're glad you came tonight.
We really hope you enjoyed the show.
Come back next week and bring all your friends.
We're going to bring lots of money with you because we're going to have lots of drugs, and we're going to have lots of subgenius paraphernalia to sell you. We've got t-shirts, bumper stickers, buttons, everything you can think of. Anything you want to spend your money on, we've got it. It's got Bob's face on it. So send your money right now. And anything with Bob's face on it, we know you want because you want to put it to your collection. You know you want so much money someday, and you really want to add to everything. You've seen how the collectors out of the status might be having some money.
And if you send your money now, we'll give you lifetime honorary overman status for only $1,000 today. So really, that's a bargain at half the price. And I want you to know, even if you don't have to pay $500, it'll be really good.
Just friends, Doctors for Wotan was the band that Philo and Doctors for Bob and I formed.
At first, we only used children's toy instruments. That was our rules for play. It later evolved, and after Philo left town, Doctors for Dinosaurs started up, which was Butt Naked's anti-music doctor band.
We were really mad when we first heard the resonance.
We were really mad when we first heard the resonance.
We were really mad when we first heard the resonance.
And I think we're being sold a bill, a big bill of goods.
I was then told by this man to play this music on a piano.
I was then told by this man to play this music on a piano.
And bring it to the attention of the people here on Earth.
I never before knew how to play the piano, and yet it seems that some strange force guides my fingers to play the music that I heard in the cabin.
And that's how a doctor band works.
What is it?
It's anti-music.
Really?
I end up at these Doctors for Wotan things.
God.
I hate this shit.
On an interview show...
Hey, I don't want to listen to a recording.
I want to talk to somebody who's still with onions on the show.
Who am I speaking?
Am I speaking to another TV recording, or am I speaking to the real McCormick?
Hello?
If you will ever be...
Hello?
Am I talking to a tape-recorded voice, or am I talking to a real flesh and blood?









Not breathing human beings.
Yes, you are talking to a recording of yourself.
Being human.
This is me?
Yes.
You are something you've never seen before.
We're all you.
I never sound like this.
This is me.
I am glorious fleets, but I'm using the puzzling evidence voice because it saves on batteries while I think with your brain.
Well, I've seen that so-called puzzling evidence before, and it may be puzzling where it comes from, but as far as I'm concerned, it's just a lot of the same hoopla that they've been feeding us all these years.
I agree.
The philosophy of the church is all about...
Somebody ought to do something about this business before I die.




It gets completely out of hand.
Well, you did something. You bought a radio.
Yes, I...
It's so hard to tell which is real and which is false here at the studio. I know.
Well, I... That kind of thing doesn't bother me. What I want to know is, when I talk to somebody, is he real when I'm talking to him?
Only when you're talking to him is he real. When he tries to answer, he becomes tape again.
You must be in the Twilight Zone, or the Listener Zone.
I'm just trying to get a better reception here, but, uh...
It's a little late for that, don't you think?
Yee.
Ah, well, that's a little bit better, but it's still nothing to write home about.
I've been trying to fix this TV machine for the past half hour, and I can't get a better reception.
I'm hoping you won't write home about this.
It's too late. The weather is already insane.
I understand. Electronic transmissions and the speed at which our world moves.
Well, I'm sorry to tell you, then, your home family has been destroyed, and now you're in trouble.
Yes, we had to intercept a message on the way there, and this was the only way.
Yes, well, I think...
I think it's about time that we discontinue this conversation.
I know what I'm being made a fool of, and I, for one, don't intend to stand for it one more time.
You just tuned me out. Me neither.
That's the way you're going to go about it.
Okay.
I suppose that's all that can be said.
And how many dinosaurs did he represent in those thoughts tonight?
Those who understand implicitly the confusion, the...
Yes!
The yes involved in this show.
Oh, my God.
Is this for real?
No, no, no. This is just a tape. Relax.
It is not the day before or the week between.
It's just the show.
Yes. Yes.
If we could get back to Bob, I think Bob is the more important...
I tend to forget that so many people are still unsaved and still don't even know who Bob Ross is.
Have never heard the first mention of the divine word of Bob.
All right. I guess I'll do the whole... the whole...
song and dance.
Bob was... was born... I guess we're not sure of his age.
He's as old as the mountains and yet as young as the hills.
He...
River deep and mountain high.
Yeah. Bob was born with a gift for sails, a mystic sails ability,
and has always had an intuitive grasp on that essence of relaxation we call slack.
He...
Oh, my God.
In 2006, Bob... Bob was a millionaire.
I had been... He sold condoms to these two high school students.
He... He was an alcoholic at the age of eight, lost everything, and then built it back up again.
He's... He's been in the shoes of the prisoner.
He's been in the shoes of the... the junkie, the drug addict, and the... and the politician.
The adulterer.
Yeah. He's...
Yeah.
He's definitely been in the shoes of the adulterer.
We're constantly being barraged by...
Oh, no.
People threatening to sue us, claiming that they're bastard sons of Bob.
This is...
Fraternity suits against the church, huh?
Right.
Well, against Bob, not against the church or the foundation, but against Bob, his holy self.
His holy bad self.
Yeah. There's a good Bob and there's a bad Bob.
That's an important thing to remember.
People mindlessly follow Bob at times without realizing that they're opening themselves up to forces
that they may not have con... you know, complete control over.
Um...
So...
Right in your own...
Yeah!
Right in your own home.
And now...
Now you can have...
Now you can have...
Now you can have this amazing new symphony.
You cannot! You cannot!
To create a mighty symphony of prosperity.
Oh, prosperity, dear friends.
That's, uh...
Oh, what is this?
I'll have to shut it off to check it.
A snake oil symphony by Daniel Stevens...
Steven Crafts.
Daniel Steven Crafts.
And I don't think you can get that one on record, either.
I think it's just a tape.
That, uh...
And I don't have the guy's address.
So sorry!
So terribly sorry!
Well, it seems that, uh...
We're supposed to read a PSA coming up here.
But...
First...
I have to find it.
And so...
Galactic Messiah.
Copyright 19...
1951 by H. Ron Herbert.
The F.R.O.P. Essence is the most valuable commodity in the galaxy.
A consciousness-contracting drug which extends life.
A monopoly on the Essence is the prize sought by the competing great planetary kingdoms.
House Stang, a conspiracy of ruthless economistics which colonized the moons of Jupiter in the years of trouble,
after causing the cataclysm which destroyed the Earth and sparked the Great Migrations.
No longer in control, but fighting desperately to regain their lost empire.
For...
House Wellman, headquartered on the man-made planet of Ease,
but with most other worlds partially dependent upon their scientific and technological works.
This is a civilization of secretive technocrats who alone possess the profitable mechanics of time reversion.
House Drummond and the Paysar and Armand.
They are the most famous of the great nations of the Great Migrations.
A culture based on the red planet Mars and dedicated to war and domination.
Baron Philo von Nege is the jaded dictator over an uncountable army of sadists,
all driven by a survival of the fittest philosophy which gives them absolutely no compunction about meeting out the, quote,
slaughter of justice.
Painful waking surgery performed by these priests can render anyone a mindless zombie in their power.
The Bennett Tevisit.
Conspiracy of female witches dating back to pagan times.
Controlled by a siren-like, all-powerful female intelligence or ooze essence.
Sex guild of house kickhavers.
Venus is inhabited by this race of sensualist entities.
Once human, they now are mutated creatures consisting primarily of a brain, mouth, and sexual organs.
Their powers of psychic infiltration threatens the downfall of the other planetary worlds.
The drones of this Venusian master race pilot space-bending interplanetary craft called heads,
upon which all others except House Wellman depend on space travel.
Myorites.
An unpredictable sect of athlete sorcerers, also called the Brothers of the Pipe,
famed for their skills in the arts of love.
They have prehensile penises with a literal third eye on the tip.
Mercury is inhabited by titanic creatures called Halorobites.
Mindless reptilian dragons that were once human fop priests in distant antiquity,
but after the migrations gradually self-mutated into the monstrous heat monsters of today.
Their internal metabolism, however, is such that they excrete the fop essence as a waste byproduct.
This is harvested at great risk by the Gabrogfranians,
a primitive but incredibly daring race of space nomads.
The Duncans.
All cloned from the same man for the last three thousand generations,
this small but powerful clique of born criminals are lords over a huge armed force of female Amazons,
feared for their quasi-magic sexual abilities,
and also shunned for their legendary perversions.
Trevenists.
Descendants of the few remaining normal humans who managed to escape the Harvest,
a genocidal war shortly before the Great Cataclysm.
These are sinister devil-worshippers who use black magic and conjure up demons called Jizai.
The story concerns a strange young man called Ba-Dods,
born a lowly Trevenist, but later adopted by a band of Gabrogfranian warriors,
and later sold to the Paysai-Anarmat army.
Almost retarded in his innocence, he seems to possess a vague memory of limitless past lives.
This gives him a power of clairvoyance,
and a form of luck-shell which brings him to the attention of the competing great houses.
He becomes a pawn in their vicious conflicts,
until he discovers a power undreamed of by the evil ones who seek to control him.
Dear friend,
this power has been deoricised
at thisdeliberatefor stories in in return.
In the pect uno on 3,
Mr. insults to his court.
To Measure Y keerinist-
J. Eric Johnson Central Library, 1515 Young in Dallas,
will take place during regular library hours from January 12th through February 22nd, 1987.
The exhibit documents cases of censorship of books in libraries in the last 10 years.
Copies of the banned books will be available for everyone to page through at their leisure.
For more information, call 749-4100.
To see those banned books, dear friends, and see what was so ugly and scary and evil
that they had to be taken from the shelves so that people couldn't look at them.
Evil, evil books like Huckleberry Finn, Catcher in the Rye.
Oh, there's some nasty, nasty stuff in there that we better be afraid of
because Jesus might not like us reading it.
But how would we know Jesus isn't around anymore?
We'll have to just look deep into our hearts and...
Yes, I think I hear him coming.
Jesus.
He's coming up from below.
He should be coming from above.
I don't understand.
This is...
With the key of imagination.
Now, 25 years later, join us for the Twilight Zone Silver Anniversary Special.
Also tonight, many merchants in Brooklyn suddenly find their goods piled up in the street
and explorers discover a tribe on the other side of the world
its members thought they were the only people on Earth.
John, we already have bacon for extra season.
First of all, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania has one of the key telephone centers in the Northeast.
You knock that out, you knock out all the telephones in the Northeast.
We've been having telephone blackouts all over the country for the last three months.
They're going totally unpublicized.
Hello?
Yes, we're having a little difficulty with this line.
One of our guests here made the suggestion.
I think he's being a little facetious, but I was wondering what you thought about it.
He said maybe the...
That's right.
You can stay with us for right now.
Now, Doctor, I think we should return to the basic finances of the church
and just who owns the church and what we can do with what's left of the church.
Right.
Well, Ivan's staying no longer owns the church.
Bob still has the foundation, but we've got papers on there.
All right.
Hold on here.
Hold on.
Wait a minute.
What we also can talk about, of course, is...
What we can do with the church now that what's left is still here and breathing.
Well, we can give it away or we can just let someone take the church.
See, what I think is people don't realize that the church takes two rooms to keep and grow in your house.
At least two.
And the maintenance involved takes up most of the week anyway.
And it does not run on unleaded.
I'm sorry.
So, by coming in and saying you want the church,
if you don't have at least two good-sized rooms in your house...
Yes, at least two good-sized rooms and a lot of money.
And a lot of...
And neighbors that don't mind Wotan showing up in the middle of the night.
Right.
And you need stamps and gummage.
Get the idea?
Or kill me!
Or kill me!
Now!
And the guy, he got to the point where the guy he was bothering pulled out a .32 and let him have it.
And at which point, the bullet hit him square in the chest and went through his lungs and came out his back.
But instead of falling on the ground, he walked back in the bar and ordered a drink.
Get the idea?
Or kill me!
Now!
Now!
Let's have a body count!
Let's have a body count!
None dead!
It's a miracle, friends!
It's a miracle!
Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
I'm having a baby!
She's having a kid baby!
They're sucking, there's dollar bills in their mouth!
They're puking up dollar bills, doctor!
Where are those dollar bills coming from, doctor?
What's going on?
My key won't fit!
I lost my key!
My car's flat!
My car's flat!
Well hello, cats and kitties out there in subgenius land.
This is the too cool fool coming to you from Oakland, California, saying,
I send all of my dollars to the churches of Venus in Dallas, Texas.
Why don't you do the same too?
Okay, bye!
Hi, hi and welcome to Jazz Hour.
Well today we've got a nice prize for you.
If you win, you get an executive grooming breakthrough of the decade.
You get Execunete.
The automated barber and ironing machine.

It's a box that uses new robot technology to make sure your hair is precisely parted
in the same place every morning.
No successful executive wants colleagues or competitors cracking,
hey, your hair looks funny today.
Clamps over your head without discomfort and without wires works in less than a minute.
Place the part exactly where you want it.
Electronic memory then repeats the part every time within .00001 millimeters of accuracy.
Not a novelty, not a novelty.

Not a toy, but a high precision machine developing in the world's leading barbers.
Storage box, double, double, double, double.
And don't forget the advanced engineering, the slew machine, the handsome set of executive
bagpipes.
Now we can show you here precision gas and space-age durable work.
Portable enough to stow under the airline seat.
Executive and exclusive.
The magic lung holds up to five minutes.
Freeze your hands for important paperwork.
Specified by Stuart, McDonald or Kimber.
Blue, blue, blue.
Yay!
I'm going to get a new job.
I'm going to get a new job.





Here's my flirting scene.
Keep walking forward and guess what you've said.
That gets you in there.





We're going to get to where the machine has to come in to go.
Got it?
deserves Wheels.
Oh my God.

We're out of'em.
We are out of'em all.
Cause Bob told me to.
I do what you do.
Cause you want to.
I do what I do.
Cause Bob told me to.
No, I don't believe the not-tarses of brainwashing.
I've been labeled as a certain way.
I'll tell me to.
You do what you do.
Cause you want to.
Don't use such techniques as brainwashing.
Cause Bob told me to.
I've been labeled as a certain way.
Cause you want to.
I do what I do
Hey, Robert Tucker
Wake up, man
Wake up and send some money to the church, pal
I mean, come on, get it together
Actually, you gotta send money to KNON
That's the only people you have to send money to
But it's very important that you do that
Those of you who have not mailed in your pledges yet
You're excommunicated
Even if you're not a member yet
That's it
I'm gonna have to pull a damn Gene Scott thing here, I guess
Ugh, it's a mess
Dear friends, uh, I haven't gotten any more entries in the Win a Date with Cleve contest
Uh, you gals, this is for gals only
You do want a date with Cleve
Brother Cleve Duncan, that great, great, uh, hymn master and rapping subgenius saint
So, uh, tell us why in an essay of, uh, 25,000 words or less
Why you deserve the date with Cleve
Why you
Are better for Cleve than any other fellow, uh, yeti female
Uh, tell us why and send it in to P.O. Box 140306
That's right, I'm gonna say that again, dear friends
Send it to Bob, hour of slack, whatever
At P.O. Box 140306
Dallas, Texas
75214
Once again, that's Bob
P.O. Box 140306
Dallas, Texas 75214
And, uh, friends, uh, Dr. Sterno Keckhaver called me up the other night
About two hours after he'd had a vasectomy
A very difficult vasectomy, it seems
Because, uh, well, the doctor said his vas deferens was elusive
And, uh, I've heard the same thing from, uh, some of the other doctors
And, uh, some of the other subgenius males who've been fixed like this
And it makes us wonder, you know, somebody ought to do a study on this
A careful scientific study
Do we yetinsen, we descendants of the noble Himalayan yeti
Uh, is our vas deferens really that different from the humans?
Is this one way that we can, uh, say, check a body
To see whether it was, uh, of human or subgenius origin?
Uh-huh
Or we'll see
We shall certainly see
There's a vast difference, friends
A vast difference
Stamps and gummage, yes

Lots of stamps and gummage
Would you sign here, please?
Okay, sign here, please
I don't have any stamps and gummage
Wait a minute, wait a minute
Ah!
Thank you very much
The world is over now
You can return to your bed
Wow!
We're trying
Well
We're not trying hard enough
Well, it's certainly
Send us more money
Yeah, more money
More money
How much would you like?
Uh, uh, fifty thousand, would you say that would do it?
Uh, check it in the mail
All right, thank you
You're welcome
You can expect your
Go
They'll put on the automatic
They'll put on the automatic




Here, I'll put myself on
Yes, okay
Where's my thesaurus?
Ricky, Lizzy, Perry, and Bill
Here, Bob, here's your hat
Put this part on
Here we go
Here, here, here
Now get, get Mel's ride to the station down Shattuck Avenue
There we go
Roll the stop
Ain't got no spare
I think I've got too much to say
We haven't got a spare for this program
We don't have a jack for this program
We don't even have any
Look out for that car
I'm so floored for this, for this program
We're just gonna drive until this program
Just gonna go and go and go




Welcome
Bill Murbus, Building Jeder
I just want we see the bug which absolutely танčıyor



You've saved my life
You've saved my life
알
I'm so glad you're there
Nee less, yes journalist
Linux
Hey
Shakespeare
We're going to start up again here once more with the lecture on the difference between pinks and subgeni.
And yes, I'm proud to say that I'm a proudful bastard compared to most of these pink boys.
And so should you, the true mutants out there also be.
What's ironic, friends, is that the ones who most appreciate slack, us, are actually the hardest workers.
And that sounds odd because, you know, your true subgenius is into slack, but we are always game to go the distance.
Whereas your pink boy, they only care about money and status.
And generally, believe it or not, are actually lazier than us.
In a sense.
In a certain way.
In the way that they're comfortable with bland work and bland relaxation.
Their range of feeling, dear friends, is limited.
And when they see either fun or anger unleashed at a subgenius level, it scares them to death.
That's why J.R. Bob Dobbs said, and I paraphrase,
act like a dumbass and they'll treat you like an equal.
They can't really understand slack, friends, because they also can't understand realness.
And so, they're not there to learn, they're there to learn.

The only time they're called upon to stretch their abilities is when they're forced to work with the subgenius.
Because the subgenius is always looking for ways to improve things.
Or, you know, to somehow cut through the trivial crap and add a bit of excitement if possible to anything in any way possible.
He is compelled, dear friends, to customize the world around him.
Now, pigs can't learn the way we can.
They actually work.
They want to be told what to do as a result.
But only by somebody with, quote, authority, unquote.
Meaning, in their case, somebody with more money or status than them.
Now, they're the ones that are compelled to measure IQs, but they really do so in monetary units
and not in the depth of meaning and fun and slack and great squirts like we do.
So, the idea of modifying the world around them is an alien concept to them.
Though they'll modify things according to the plan of a rich subgenius,
but they'll never take such a thing upon themselves because they fear responsibility.
Now, your subgenius will take the rap like a man,
but a pink will go to the trouble of joining a lynch mob just to avoid admitting that he might have goofed.
Now, where that becomes a bit dangerous is when the safety of the entire planet is threatened,
such as it is now.
They can't feel responsible.
They have no responsibility for their own actions, much less the planet.
So, they call us kooks if we dare to so much as cry out about how bad things really are.
Now, your pink boy believes in positive thinking.
Oh, positive thinking.
They don't want to ask questions.
They don't want to face the possible problems.
And they get really upset, dear friends, if you ask them to double-check something
because that implies that they might be doing something wrong.
They call us kooks.
They call us paranoid.
And when our dire predictions and unheeded warnings come true,
oh, they very conveniently forget you ever said it.
And when you ask them to speak a little louder,
well, that's when they kind of mumble a little more softly
because they live in fear, my friends, in ulcer-ridden fear of what others might think.
Now, subgeniuses are themselves into blowing things off.
Praise Bob.
But we do so before telling everybody we're going to do it.
With your pink,
well, they'll tell you they're going to do it.
They're going to do something first and then blow it off.
And I hope some of the video disco folks are listening.
Now, I'm aware that even couched in polite language like this,
what I'm saying may sound unbelievably nasty and arrogant.
Once again, I'll reiterate that a subgenius can be dumb, very dumb.
But the ways we apply what little brains we have is vastly more beneficial, friends,
than the jealous pursuits to which the terrifying,
horrified pink rabbit boy people apply their boundless intelligence and sophistication.
So your pinks are always good.
They're great at acting smart.
They can impeccably imitate styles that a subgenius would never bother with.
Pinkness especially lends itself to that grim, concerned, intellectual facade.
That's one of the easiest poses in the world.


And I'm sure you've all seen it.
You can't just be a poor old friend,
let your rude, humorless behavior imply that you're brilliant without ever actually doing
anything to prove it.
And this works for them because their fellow pinks fall for it so easily.
Now, subgeniuses can be what are called geniuses.
Albert Einstein was undoubtedly a subgenius.
He could barely tie his shoes till he was 10.
The guys who invented nuclear power,
and the nuclear weapons were subgeniuses.
But the ones who deployed them were pinks.
And you notice that those subs took the blame willingly.
They were the biggest opponents to the bomb once they found out what the pink bureaucrats,
politicians, and club owners had in mind for it.
How can I be so mean and vengeful, dear friends?
Well, it's my job to verbalize common subgenius feelings where possible.
And I'd rather pee on the floor than on the floor.
And I'd rather kick off a bunch of pink boys than let my less-confident fellow subs
go on feeling vaguely guilty because they have the fairness to be a little unsure
if maybe the pinks aren't right.
And I'm just reminding you, friends, they aren't.
There just happens to be more of them.
So the best way to look at them is as an unfortunate fact of life.
A force of nature like a drought.
You can't teach a pink boy to think.
My wife is a teacher,
and she's been trying to do that for years.
to her utter frustration.
Personally, I feel like they're better swayed
through entertainment.
Their lives are dedicated to imitating
the characters they see on TV.
We can only try to feed these poor creatures
new myths that will sink into their minds.
Not only is it a safer way to do it,
but it's more effective and profitable.
Incredible.
Pinks worship entertainers, dear friends.
Their status system is remarkably easy to manipulate
if you apply yourself to doing so.
The Subgenius Foundation, in the service of Bob, does this,
but only in a half-hearted way,
because it's a little distasteful,
because it's so easy, dear friends.
It's false slack, and that's seductive.
Their idea of professionalism is to stick to what they know works.
The subgenius idea of professionalism
is to see what else might work.
Bold surrealists we are, dear friends.
Bold surrealists.
It could be a classic, beautiful world of Bob,
pure slack and hedonistic pleasures for all of us.
Instead, it's a jumbled mess,
a pink,
punk,
poop.
Let there be slack.
And the music there is by D.K. Jones, essentially,
in the form of W.K.G.B.
that has been played on the radio,
and this is the first time that we've played it.

It's a piece of work.








By the baffling and the bizarre.
If so, you will tune in Thursdays at midnight until 2 a.m.
for Radio Soiree.
Allow me to introduce myself.
I am the Martian neon creature,
your masterful,
controlling,
for those two hours which you cannot escape.
Just the way I did when I tried my first smoke.
I thought I'd seen everything.
We're stuck up here. We ain't moving.
It only seems that way.
Matter of fact, we're traveling thousands of miles per hour.
Cut out your gyros.
Hey, but okay.
Go ahead, Oit.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Go ahead, Oit.
Okay.
To keep all the world, congratulate you for your epic making achievement.
Oh, thank you.
Good afternoon, dear.
You're welcome.
And well be for a couple more days.
It's nighttime here.
This is great and wonderful news for the people of the earth.
All right.
That's a standing rule for everybody.
And no beer, no babes, no baseball.
Meanwhile, we go back to the ship and strip off everything we can.
What?
Tell us that.
We're stripped.
Now, anybody, anything in his pockets?
We're stripped.
Absolutely.
Got it.
Are you all right?
Whoa.
That was, oh, thanks to Gary Waller for that little piece there.
I'm from San Francisco, California, and we don't know how to kill presidents there.
We sure do.
We got to kill Bob.
Those San Francisco guys.
You think you have his corpse here?
We think we have his corpse there.
We have definite proof that we have Bob's corpse still within Berkeley City limits.
I know you're used to Narnini, Nunu, Bob.
We have different deities in California.
We worship little green things.
We worship the dead.
We worship Panthers.
We worship Destroyer Wolves.
dot com or do stepsh 93 .
We have a band that's keep on destroying our gathered discernment in conditions that



We have our own close reader whom we don't give a damn about.
This album is gonna take eleven more of us to hell than what Oh!
Don't be afraid to talk.
If Bob Kim is the father of this song, it could be about the death of Bar and Brian


I would go down with her under out of that crazy gear.
Mark, else, is he the doc?
It's one thing to bring bar cars down if it's not handled correctly.
audience uh for instance uh you know is it really spoon bending and guitar bending or is it uh
is it a trick just simply a trick uh magician's trick props special effects
well you know we really claim to have superhuman powers
is
see where we are here
ah yes we're coming near the end of an hour one hour of slack
oh yes the sex pistols here
i guess that's sid vicious's version of my way
more much more than this
is
regrets
are better
, more than this
i had to dance
and so it proved
without exception
on plenty's
giant course
is kibble's
dip
all on the high
place
and more
much more than this
and it's
no
more than this
why
why
there were times
of showing you
when they was
fucked
for godless today
or
we know
when they was down
or shut it up
or kick this
dust
or bite the wall
or kick this dust
and it's
my
way
of love
and been at night
and had more thrill
my tear of losing
and now
the tears have signed
upon it all
so i'm used
to




Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
I just wanted to...
No, you don't.
Don't want to party?
We're going to have a subgenius party.
I found the spot this afternoon.
It's a place the Flykillers rent.
So tune in next week and hopefully we'll have a date.
