Friends, we're still off-planet, or at X-Day, or something, and therefore this is not the
Hour of Slack that you may have expected, but a rerun of number 903 from 6X-Day of 2004.
Praise Bob.
Welcome to the subgenius radio hour of Slack.
Send 6.8 for the album.
Only 9.8.
The UFO exhibiting anti-gravity capabilities follows the airliner right down to the surface
of the earth to its landing.
The UFO is a bell-shaped type, which has been seen and photographed all over the world.
Angels flash through the heavenlies.
You know, Ezekiel saw a wheel.
But what a lot of us do not realize is that in chapter 1 of Ezekiel, verse 4, the angels
traveled in whirlwind fashion.
Not like our jets straight ahead.
Whirlwind.
They move from one end of heaven to the other like a flash of lightning, verse 14.
And verse 15 says their color was burl.
Do you know what they put into spaceships now that are heaved out there?
The only thing that can withstand the heat.
Other things would disintegrate.
Burl ilium.
It's like some kind of vision like I've never seen before.
It was like a wagon wheel coming out of the sky.
And I was sitting on the porch with Aunt May.
She said, what is it, boy?
What is it?
And I said, I don't know, ma'am.
I swear to God, I don't know.
But she said, praise Bob.
You know, if Bob says something,
that wall climbing.
What is it?
Wall climbing.
Is it wall climbing?
Well, I was wall climbing.
I was wall climbing.
And that's what Bob said to do.
That's what Bob told me to.
I was wall climbing.
And, uh, and, uh, I get real scared.
Bob.
Because, uh, I've seen them.
I've seen them before.
But there's more of them now.
And, uh, because there's lots more.
They're floating in the air.
And they're living in the wood and the rocks and everything.
And they're always kind of.
Laughing and, and, uh, fucking and killing and laughing and all the time.
Duncan Lunan of the British Interplanetary Society
has interpreted the signals as a message from the space probe.
A message from a dying planet in Epsilon Bootes.
When did you see your last flying saucer?
The last thing I seen was here Sunday week.
It was out in the wheat field.
In the wheat.
In the wheat field.
Isn't that a little unusual?
No, I'm, I think they must feed off wheat or something.
Yeah, the little green man's day was real headcats.
Rocking and a-rolling to the crazy flats.
Brought out the sacks and they started to flow.
Brought out the drums and they started to roll.
Flying saucer, rock and roll.
Flying saucer, rock and roll.
I couldn't understand it.
A thing they said it was a crazy beat.
It just stopped me dead.
Jump!
Yeah!
Ah, yes, dear friends.
From Media Barrage number two.
The ancient one about UFOs.
And we heard from, well actually it was 1981, I think.
Jano Hypercletes and the late Reverend David Boone.
And Jonathan Winters.
And despite having those ancient crumbling recordings around,
my friends.
I barely remember.
Oh yeah, no I forgot.
This is the part that you can remember.
Ok, you know what show it is now?
Yeah, oh this is the Puzzling Evidence Show.
Oh, a cup of coffee.
The Little Puzzling Evidence Show on the little KPFA here in Berkeley.
Oh yeah, you can't play all of it.
You can't cut it off.
You've got it wrong.
On the new radio, we can't play anything.
That's why, you know, that's why on all kinds of radio stations you only hear about
eight bars of something.
Because then you don't have to pay the royalties and do the paperwork.
So no more old songs.
No more old songs for us.
Unless of course they're original material.
Thank you.
The copyright owners are us.
But it is good to be back here in California.
Yes.
After walking.
Horrorwood, Carlisle.
After schlepping it over the edge of the road.










Over to X Day on my bare feet.
Oh, X Day.
Yeah, I want to hear about X Day.
And the audience goes wild.
Yeah, X Day.
They love it because they're thinking of XXX Day.
So how was it to see Guy Duhl and Ivan Stang and Queen of UFOs and Nikki Jepchick?
And who else would have been there?
Oh, so all those people, they were great.
It was excellent.
One day we were, we had good weather.
Except for one day we had this wonderful thunderstorm that rolled through during the night.
Yeah, I missed that.
And like, rained like crazy.
And, and, uh.
And you slept in the van down by the river?
Guy and I drove around in the, no I didn't sleep in the van.
I slept in the trailer.
The van was like next to the fire and next to lots of people.
And would have been a miserable place to stay.
And so I moved up on the hill to the hierarchy trailer.
Just like the old Docs Docs.
And when I was in the hierarchy trailer, no one bothered me.
I set up my coffee making stand and my little brewing post.
So I had coffee every morning and afternoon.
And good, strong California coffee.
Not that wimpy ass Eastern coffee.
And then of course, let's see, but overall it was good.
It was great.
We had a great time.
We had the amino acids played one night.
The ESO played another night.
And I got a chance to jam with ESO for two different nights.


And that was great.
I had a, I mean we really, we wailed.
We rocked.
We rocked!
We didn't suck!
Sure, sure, of course.
We tried to suck, but we just couldn't.
Yeah, you rocked.
We sucked at sucking!
No, no.
You didn't suck.
You rocked.
Well, that's could be true.
Yes, I did you.
I think we did.
Believe me.
I did.





You got to.
I think we did.
You got to.
It's just a matter of time.
We're going to give it all I got.
It's just a matter of time.
We got to.
Yeah, we got to.
We got to.
We got to.
We got to.
Yeah.
We grew our mullets out while we were there.
Mullet bearing load sharing.
And one night, Guy and I drove.
We did the drumming routine where we drive around the compound in our narc-looking vehicle.
Compounding the problem.
Scaring the various pinks that happen to be there and the bobbies that all shy away from it.
And of course, it was pouring down rain.
And I'm not kidding.
It was like it never rains that hard here.
No.
It was raining in giant cascades where one foot was raining like a bucket per second.
Much like a couple of cascades.
Where I used to live.
Yeah, a lot like where I used to live.
Big thunderheads rolling over with lots of thunder and lightning.
That's what they used to call me.
Thunderhead.
Big cracking.
Yeah.
And so, yeah, Guy and I drove out in the middle of the compound road while it was raining like that.
And did various ritualistic activities in the rain.
That was actually a compound city.
Along with some young Bobby Ites.
Bobby Ites.
Because Bobby was involved in those cult activities.
That we took with us and performed ritualistic activities up on.
Stay away.
Get your hands off me.
Do cops rock or do they suck?
He's right over there, officer.
They rock.
Do your duty.
While we're on the air.
And incidentally, we think you guys.
After we get out on the air.
Rock.
They may not rock as much.
How many days were you out there?
I mean, what happened to the end of the world?
Well, we got down to the end of the world.
I mean, first of all, it's, you know, 6X day.
So, it's the sixth year after the time when we thought the world was supposed to end the first time.
So, now there's a whole.
All the new kids, the people that are getting into it now, each have their own theory on why the X's haven't landed yet.
So, it's sort of like all these theories are jockeying for position as to the predominant theory.
That's as it should.
And, of course, I ascribe to the next 100 years theory, which we have expounded upon on this very show ad infinitum.
Yes, I don't know if this show is the place to hash out that abstruse subgenius theology.
It could only be of interest to the inner meaning of that strange cult.
Extrusion of logic in reality.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Hmm.










What was your question now?
Well, Dr. Drummond, is it true that Dr. Howell, your comrade there at the show, is going to join me, Reverend Ivan Stang,
at the Indy Bible on September 20th in Indianapolis for a huge subgenius freakout?
Can I get that info at subgenius.com?
What other news is there?
This is BR News.
I'm creating unintended problems.
For BR News, I'm completely contained.
From Los Angeles, PR's 600 Kmart stores report.
From Eugene, Morgan Smith continues to battle two major campgrounds and several homes over the weekend.
PR radios at PR.org.
PR's Ricard resigned after a plagiarism scandal.
Yeah.
For PR News, I'm expected to return late in the week.
PR's Madeline Brand blamed for the continuing attacks on the dance floor.
This is PR News.
I'm selected by the U.S.-led Occupation Authority to help baby abandonments.
No questions asked.
This is coming up on 9.30 at 10 o'clock this morning.
This is PR.
PR brought to you by Fernand and Ambie.
Lemur.
Hey, Atlanta.
Hey, Atlanta.
Hey, Atlanta.
Hey, Atlanta.
Hey, Atlanta.
Hey, Atlanta.
Hey, Atlanta.
Hey, Atlanta.






They spelled Namby in this publication.
I want them written up right now.
They misspelled Namby.
They spelled it Mamby.
Namby Pamby.
Namby.
This is what we're stuck at here at 412 in the morning at Subgenius International Airport.
I have the crap.
All the dreams got me.
Next day's turned into such a big thing.
They had to build an airport just to handle all the stuff.

the people that come to X-Day now. Here they get their subgenius church hair, and then
they march off to the area where the end of the world will happen. And Philodrumon is
down there. We can see him on the floor. Philo, what, how, what, how?
Goodbye belly fat.
How about it? How about it?
Oh, yes, here. In another edition of the ancient subgenius traditions, we can, we can now
add treasured and hated symbols of our lives to this fire. Janina Grinder here has apparently
a Virgin Mary, which she is...
My mom, thanks. That's nice.
Some people have thrown in their driver's licenses, their work records, their time punch-outs,
their parents' divorce papers, in one especially poignant example.
If I...
If I could throw my self-esteem in the fire, I sure would, but...
I got two things.
I have Bob's rally monkey. Bob did not rally. Bob did not save us. Bob's rally monkey. Fat
fucking lot of good it did. Feed the fire, asshole!
Burn the monkey! Burn the monkey! Burn the monkey!
Burn the monkey!
And now, we're the pagans.
Oh.
We have hundreds of beautiful topless women. We have Banjo Bob.
Look at him stamp on it.
Sample of the ultimate spouse dance. The sacred dance of the subgenius.
Hurry up and burn, Bob! We're tired of waiting! We're tired of waiting for the goddamn saucer,
and we want to see your face burn!
Bob, Bob once asked the classic question.
Would you tell me if my...
My face was on fire?
This is our chance. Bob, your goddamn face is on fire.
My face is on fire. My face is on fire.
Snap out of it!
Wake the fuck up!
Oh, where is the fuck?
Wake the fuck up!
Fuck!
Fuck!




Fuck!
Fuck!
Fuck!

Fuck!

Fuck!
Fuck!
Fuck!



Fuck!
Collek.
Not, not, not!





I experienced, a complete �
evaluations.
This ship will从ologies We're a matter for España.
The beep!
John R. Rie our thứ пар traffic strategy.
Can you see me?
Along with me
We can't dance and trip and be anarchist
We gotta get the manual and put it in the oven till it cooks
We're gonna take the ashes to the waffle and drink
We're gonna take the ashes to the waffle and drink
Muslim Anarchy Camp
Reckless abandonment
Random acts of dumbness
Will be rewarded if you see somebody taking charge
But you won't
You'll be expected to beat them
Everyone who's no one
Will be participating
No one who is someone
Will ever get to know the joys of anarchism
Destruction of the system, yeah
So come along with us
Selling days and nights on the Anarchaic Bus
Gonna pick up indigents and crusties and a half a dozen nuts
And we're never coming home
Yeah...
Underwater basket weaving
Methamphetamine symposium
African killers spelling bees
Bowling in ice hockey rinks
Anarchy Camp's never a nerd
You think we don't know that at all?
Not much fun till someone gets hurt.
So we're greasing up the Rusty Bird ramp.
Time to make some reservations for next year's Anarchy Camp.
Oh, just like X-Day, Anarchy Camp by the band NoFX.
And now, back to KPFA Berkeley, the puzzling evidence show where Philo is reporting on 6X Day.
Although, Dr. Howell had decided not to attend.
I know I've made some very bad decisions.
And I had people feeding me each day with gourmet food.
Just because, I found out later, it's because I was a hierarchite.
And they could have me like a figurehead in their camp.
And when I was sitting there, they attracted the bobbies up.
Now, did the camps have names to the camps?
People do stuff like the Tranquility Bay.
Yeah, they had different names.
You know, they didn't.
They were names.
Like, there was one of the new subgenius bases that had a lot of the new subgenius guys from alt.slack and alt.binaries.slack.
Some of those new subgeniuses are a little off base.
Internet subgenii had met in a compound called Pound Subgenius.
And that's just what I'd like to do.
And you could see it off in the distance.
It had these big flags and giant bob heads.
I went in there, and they were all computer geeks.
So you have to log into their camp.
When you walk up, you had to sign a big board, this rotating board.
They had this arcane mechanical device.
And you couldn't walk in unless you logged in, you know.
Board? Never.
I was entertained every second.
And then Doc Frop had his compound.
I don't know what other than we just always called it Frop's place.
If only I could leave the compound.
And then, let's see, there was Tranquility Base is really cool.
They have the Bonobo Bar and the Tiki Bar.
The Banzai Grill is there.
Bonobos? I say, aren't those pick-me chimps?
Bonobos?
Bonobos?
Bonobos?
Bonobos?
Bonobos?
Bonobos?

Bonobos?
Bonobos?
Bonobos?
So you guys were jamming.
Who was the jammies?
I jammed with ESO and Princess Wee.
They were so cute.
Jammed with us.
We had, you know, Chaz was there and Dave, Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Dave and Bob.
He's a great American.
I know.
I'd like to be on their show someday.
We should all go be on their show.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave is what makes this country great.
Yeah, I was thinking, did you go?
I wasn't on the show, though.
Oh, you should have gone to be on show.
That would have been fun, but they were all getting ready for X Day.
I don't know that they even had time for the show.
That's pathetic.
How can that be?
Yeah, no lie.
Because the show is like just a tiny snatch of X Day.
I don't understand.
When you saw, I mean, you saw how elaborate Chaz is at camp.
He has this cool crate that he's built down there in the middle of T-Base Camp.
And it's under the trees back in the woods.
And he's got his like, he could live back in there.
It's got a little mini kitchen, his computers in there, all his history.
Oh, that's really a new setup.
His whole history of CDs is his, you know, he's got a place to sleep.
CDs?
It's really nice and cozy back in there.
I guess I saw those.
Plus he has all these young chicks that hang around.
And caulking and balking and going, balk, balk, balk.
He sails in on his own yacht.
He sails in on his van.
Yeah.
He's got a van, you know.
What's the name of his book?
I couldn't even look for it.
He's a history of rock and roll.
Yeah.
I'd like to get that.
I have a good and silly.
He's a real musicologist kind of guy.
Yeah, that's fine.
And he grouses the girls on the show.
But the Tranquility Base plays is mostly.
I wonder if he listens to this show.
See, I think it's important that he listens to this show.
As soon as I finish this.
Okay, I need a little more church air here.
I don't know if he listens to this show or not.
Look, there's a caller.
Oh.
Thanks for waiting and go right ahead.
Yeah, I'm calling from Glen Rose.
I talked to these two a couple of months ago about some cattle mutilation.
Yeah, you were the farmer, right?
Right.
Raised cattle.
Yeah.
And I told you all about the mutilation.
It's also a big good idea.
I sent some money in.
Might give me an edge.
Right.
Right.
Friends, I must interrupt here.
My own wife didn't recognize these voices.
So I should explain that what follows is like the third radio appearance ever in 1980 of yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
And my partner, Dr. Philo Drummond on George Nolan's show on KFJZ in Fort Worth.
The guy calling in is my brother.
Well, it's.
We've had another one down here.
Is that right?
Cattle mutilation.
How much money did you send in?
Well, that's the problem.
I never got around to sending some money in.
Well, that's why.
Well, we can't.
We don't have that much to do with cattle mutilation, but we can help put you on the alert to who might be doing it.
And how to watch out for.
Yeah, we that that whole situation with the cattle mutilation is pretty spooky.
Not very many people know about it.
And we've found that lately an even scarier aspect, a UFO related goldfish mutilates gold right.
Right.
And right in your own home, you're going to see a lot more of that people.
It's like you'll you'll wake up in the morning and people will find that their goldfishes have been mutilated and no explainable reason for whatsoever.
No breaking surgery.
Surgically.
Yeah.
The organs, certain organs surgically removed.
It's it's just scary as can be.
We've seen that in some animals.
Down here.
Uh huh.
Is there any way to find out who's doing it?
Well, maybe another.
There's a lot of theories on that.
One theory says that it's the conspiracy doing it and making it look like UFOs to to discredit law enforcement agencies.
Another theory says that it is UFOs and they're using cattle eyeballs for rocket fuel.
And another theory is that it's some crazed teenage zombies out there that are going wild.
Yeah.
Some weird religious cult doing it for who knows what reason.
Boy, there are weird cults around, aren't there?
There are.
Most of the cults, I might add, some of them are us, but most of them are them.
And most of the ones that are us don't know they're us.
Yeah.
Well, the way they get it straight now, the us are the good guys, the them are the bad guys.
That's right.
There are a lot of blatant subgeniuses.
But by the same token, there are a lot of conspiracy members there who don't know they're working for the conspiracy.
A lot of latent homosapiens.

And they're sapiens, too, you know.
That's right.
Yeah.
Or homo correctus is what the subgenius is descended from.
Okay.
Well, I wanted to know if there's...
Should I try to find out who's doing it or catch anybody doing it or...
Well, send us some money to begin with and we can fill you in on a whole lot more.
That box number you can send it to is box 1403-06, Dallas 75214.
And...
I might add, that is a real post office box.
I have seen it, touched it, opened it, and it actually exists.
Yeah.
We're not kidding about that.
And we will send you material that will help explain not only cattle mutilations but hundreds
of other true mysteries in this modern space age agogo world.
And I can also verify that these guys, not only is that a real post office box number,
these guys are real actual solicitators, solicitation-er, they are asking for money, really.
I'll send you money in this time.
Maybe it'll help.
Okay.
In the meantime, you can sit out on your ranch in the dark and just watch for bright lights in the sky.
And different kinds of things.
Well, the different kind of things is what I'm worried about finding.
Don't worry about taking a gun with you. It won't do any good.
Well, that's a hell.
Yeah, bullets cannot stop them.
Come, my creatures. I summon all of you to attend.
On March 22nd, hundreds of people witnessed a pair of flying objects.
For the next nine days, UFOs rose out of the sea.
Tongue in the air remained motionless.
And in various manners, reported over the metropolitan city of Sorocco.
I've opened the surface of the earth. It's time to attack.
All the other women are why you're there and whether you really had your tongue in your cheek or not.
Especially the farmer who had...
The guy.
He had a special accumulation, yeah, on his land.
And his neighbor thought it was strange, too.
Are not the angels ministering spirits?
And so, the ministering spirits, who shall be the air of salvation?
Only earth with a single moon can have exactly total solar eclipses.
He is too remarkable an occurrence to be due entirely to chance.
We have just discovered an important node from space.
The Martians plan to throw a dance for all the human race.
Good. Nothing can stop us now.
It'll only take a few hours to attach this detonator.
Then we can all take off for Mars.
Are you sure the rocket can carry all of us?
And you're meant for me?
And the island, too?
Oh, yes.
Now get Dr. Harding.
He's going to help me make the final adjustments on the bomb.
Okay.
You've got the robot in the car.
We've got the control panel here.
We'll take it along and let the robot do the fighting for us.
Then we'll have to wait before we find out what this is all about.
Not entirely.
The papers we found in Harding's laboratory explain why they're building the hydrogen bomb.
Its explosion was intended to deflect the rotation of the earth enough to send it out of its orbit and spinning off into space.
Those zombies must have been as crazy as they looked.
It may sound ridiculous.
But it's theoretically possible.
It's certainly lucky you managed to stop them in time.
Yeah, we're safe now.
For the time being.
But there are undoubtedly more of those power-mad creatures loose another planet.
So it'll take constant vigilance on our part, to ensure the safety of this world.
If the people do not cease to offend you, another and worse war will break out.
Then you see a night with a strange light in the sky.
You will know it is a sign that the world is about to be punished for its crime.
You irresponsible bitch.
Yes, baby.
You irrepressible bitch.
Why did you take my fun time away from me?
Give me back my fun time.
Got to give me back my fun time.
Give me back my fun time.
Give me back my fun time.
Give me back my fun time.
Give me back my fun time.
Give me back my fun time.

I'm gonna make it all up to you.
I'd like to give it all to you.
Objects in motion.
Earth, Venus, Mars.
A place without gravity.
I no longer see stars.
Not far in the future.
Where did that galaxy go?
The fading of photographs.
A dying light bulb.
I'm gonna make it all up to you.
I'm gonna make it all up to you.
I'd like to give it all to you.
Across the horizon for an infinite time.
Dying of loneliness without the sunshine.
All together but away from each other.
With darkness between us.
With darkness between us.
I'm gonna make it all up to you.
I...
I'd like to give it all to you.
I'm gonna make it all up to you.
I'd like to give it all to you.
I'm gonna make it all up to you.
Without a funeral.
Before attempts, un dessevered.

I'm gonna make it all up to you
I'd like to give it all to you
I'm gonna make it all up to you
I'd like to give it all to you
Objects in motion, Earth, Venus, Mars
A place without gravity, I no longer see stars
Not far in the future, where did that galaxy go?
The fading of photographs, a dying light bulb
I'll cross the horizon for an infinite time
Dying of loneliness with eyes closed
Off to sunshine, all together
But away from each other
With darkness between us, with darkness between us
Let's let her see, let her be true
Dot com
Wonderful band that we see every year at the devotional
And before that we heard Gimme Back My Fun Thing
By the baby Philo Drummond
Singing with his old band, the Swingin' Love Corpses
This music in the background, by the way
Is Einstein's Secret Orchestra jamming at 6X Day
With Dr. Philo Drummond and Princess We Are Doe
As well as I think Dr. Lake King
And, ah yes, and now
We stand here
At this anti-progressiveness warehouse
Filled with so many of our comrades, com-comrades of ours
Kings of corn, we used to call them before the Bolshevik days
Back when the Tsarist police hunted us like
It's the Wellman-Hall Syndrome
Roman-Hall?
Roman-Hall?
It's an outside joke
But physicists on three international teams have discovered the Pentaquark
But did they take their fresh fruit, organic vegetables?
So you can imagine what it's like to be stuck on this narrow-gauge railway
With these subgenius gods all day yakking about their me shows
Yeah, they're one-wheeled narrow-gauge railways
It's like a unicycle
Railway?
It's like a railroad
They didn't catch on very well
It's like this bulletin that just in
No, subatomic
You can't read the bulletin that's just in because it is a violation of FCC law
And they do, it is law folks, I'm not kidding you
We have to sign on to these new laws, these special laws, this high purpose
This is Pila driving around X-Tan's NARC car
He's speeding around a certain area










Super laws.
Enforcing the laws of the subgenius church.
If you were not
observing the laws
of the subgenius church during the
X-Day observance, it was
quite often seen that apparently
the old church would pull you over
and say, I notice you have not
offered me your phone number.
And they'd search your mind
and your
search your soul.
At your fine home.
I'm frightened by your shapely legs.
Your flashing eyes.
Your floating hair.
I am provoked by your weight.
All-consuming lust.
No for my lift, nubile flesh.
And so here comes Stang with his security force.
He's landing.
Up came Stang with his big boots on.
He says to Doug,
Oh, there he is. I see.
So this is a fake Stang with the helicopter landing.
And the real Stang is over there
behind the fence on that grassy knoll
with a set of binoculars watching.
And oh my, I see.
He's watching with his one hand.
Okay, so
we're going to go back to X-Day now.
The Amino Acids.
Live at 6XX.
Amino Acids.
Amino Acids.
Amino Acids.
Amino Acids.
Amino Acids.
The Amino Acids Live
at 6X Die Friends.
Ah, and they never stop.
And this is a good time for me to mention that at 6X Die,
one of the most joyous events is the Bull Dada Auction.
Yes, where the subgenius ministers auction off the weirdest crap they can locate.
Sometimes it's not just stuff.
Sometimes it is their own bodies or sex acts or glands or fluids.
Once G. Gordon Gordon auctioned off his septum.
Yes.
Yes, his septum for a lap dance.
Anyway, friends, the Bull Dada Auction.
You know, Bull Dada is the latest exploration of advanced surrealistic Dadaism
in which the mind is filled with dirt and lugs,
which trickle like mutilated centipedes down the sides of the now empty cranium
to find shelter and rest inside the now sightless eye sockets.
This definition of Bull Dada was broached first by the great Shredney Chisholm
in, I believe, the year 19...
1972.
Since elaborated on to include everything kitschy, marvelous, insane,
and somehow packed with meaning for the subgenius.
Although it might appear like this show to be absolute trash to those without discernment,
those pathetic normworms and pig boys who crawl their way through their jobs
and misperceptions that they call life.
Praise Bob.
Good morning.
Morning.
What do you want to talk about?
Oh, I have something else I need to auction off.
You know, every X day, some things instantly become relics.
And we have a couple of relics back at the camp.
That was three?
I'm probably going to get rid of them later on.
But anyway, a relic has been created.
Let me see the hands of all of those who know what teabagging is.
Yeah.
All right, you subgeniuses, you all know what teabagging is.
How many of you know who Doc Propp is?
Tea party.

All right.
That was a good one.
One human soul.
How many of you know what Chewy Chips Ahoy Chocolate Chip Cookies are?
Oh yeah.
Well, I'm here auctioning off Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookies that have been teabagged by Doc
Propp.
Come on.
Right before the Bulldada auction began.
All my business now.
I'm going to get you a new one.





The going price for a brand new, unopened, sealed bag is $3.69.
They're mostly gone.
I was handing them out right before I came up.
Damn you!
Damn you all to hell!
I saved Princess Waif.
I would not allow her to eat a cookie.
But you, Stan!
Yes, you.
And the Lord.
The bidding starts at 50 cents for the last remaining teabagged cookies.
Think of the fun you could have at your next campground gathering.
$2.
$2!
Damn.
Going once, going twice?
Three.
The text will never go away.
Sold for $2.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.





I'm going to raise a bar.
And you're listening to P.R. News.
But there comes a time we need to get things done.
The time is past.
Yesterday was also Bob's Day.
P.R. News.
Support for P.R. comes from the Northwestern Pitt Children Foundation, driven to suicide.
From P.R. News in Washington, I will not say where the bodies are buried.
being taken and from this is PR radio seven provocative mental girls at noon
from PR news in Washington I'm in an ambush
MPR's radical in reports Brad will not report in the coming days
Philip Pan Beijing correspondent for The Washington Post has barricaded himself
inside Beijing we have it since in the 46th today today
thanks for thank you PR News washing the German ambassador to the United Nations
Germany would welcome such an approach
PR News
oh well now there is some more news
I can't go I don't want to die
have the money and i i don't have a job now and it's a long way to go and i don't know anybody
and i'm going to say that what would you say to somebody i don't think i can't go to say that
i say son it's good you know your deficiencies now so we don't have to fool with you later
i don't want to have to fight and trudge over your lifeless corpse on my way to the
to the x-day saucers whatever but i'm making my way towards the the bounciest beauty of
society
i say there's five reasons to choose me i'm drop dead gorgeous i will never rush you
it's a mutual massage i'm sweet
you
y'all yeah
x-day is like a year away now
day is over
it's crazy to think you could go to back in time and go to this
into the world next year what kind of thinking is that what's going on
and that's some stinking thinking you're gonna have to get rid of that stinking
thank you what's wrong with that show yes i want you to leave your mind
updated
is
here
okay
everybody
is this show mass hysteria is no problem
there's no
well i won't say that yeah okay don't because it's
a millionaire
create a visionary
and a life
hysteria that's us on the show
you can thank your lucky stars
you thank your
mass hysteria
our divinity
all right
cycle home on the show
did you bring any salty bags next
that mommy will never reach the gates of something
you s Grammy
did the show
makes sense
that is the technology
for the betterment of our planet.
Lubricated tunnels.
But of course,
people's funds for salty snacks
reflects a fundamental biological imperative.
All cells, in order to survive,
have to have salt.
They've just got to have salt.
They've just got to have it.
Every cell in your body
They're just licking it up.
They need a big old salt lick
to go down there.
A jumbo-sized bag of KFC barbecue potatoes.
So how many times did you do that?
I'm an ex-tanker.
What?
Did you say somebody was rocking out in there?
Oh my God, it's Carter LeBlanc.
It's Reverend Carter LeBlanc.
Ranting.
What?
What?

How dare he?
I can't.
Oh, this...
When Buddha sees me on the road,
he tries to kill me.
I abduct aliens
and I shove them up my ass.
I can kick more ass than a five-legged girl.
I floss my teeth with ten-dimensional hyperspin.
I blow my nose with the fabric of reality.
And I wipe my ass with the...
Why don't they shoot accidents?
Why don't they try to kill me with their own hands?
And with that, I kickcuności versus the dolphin.
I'm inTF.
Two- ceased.

Everybody tare you over.
He has transportation issues,
odds and straight to nothing.
But I'm wireing the way out for you already West,


with the view for a good reason.
It's cold outside.
Now I'm watching this show,
What?
Good shit! It doesn't matter if it's hot cereal! It doesn't matter if it's...
Friends, you can't understand a word he's saying, but...
Go, baby, go!
It doesn't matter if it's a crime budget! It doesn't matter if it's industrial secrets!
If you're selling good shit, it's not hard to sell!
Anybody, anybody who has studied any form of transcendental mysticism knows and know...
That this reality is an illusion! The things that surround us are nothing at all!
And that's a great deal for you! That's a great deal for your life!
Because...
In the world...
We live in...
If the world we live in is truly nothing, then Bob Dobbs has a great deal for you!
He's got something for nothing! And it's only gonna cost you...
$30!
Amazing, dear friends! The Minoan Brain Eaters opening for amino acids...
And Reverend Carter LeBlanc ranting his fool head off!
It's no use waiting.
Up to 20 years ago, there were many missionaries...
But in Monterey, all the built-up nullities around the world remained wanted.
Just like Bob Rhodes-
She patientlyθ sanctions for using women's money!
And leverages femt Jr.


...she is engage dnobs, who founded probes, create nuclear neutrality with a man whom her PE age considered a savior.
Once, we were born into a perfect civilization...
But in this government with nothing but bCap...
I mean, was there a mass?
Like Burning Man has a mass.
No, it was like Tranquility Base.
It would be like having a club at one of the clubs, one of the camp clubs, theme camps,
as opposed to the main stage.
There is a main stage at X-Day.
And the main stage is where the events take place, like, you know, the Bobby contest,
the alien contest.
They have to put up steel spears pointing out where the Bobby is at.
The bands that played were at the main stage.
I think I've seen that in the...
I took pictures of that.
There was kind of like an artsy band there that was playing Casios and had a...
His frizzling body hangs on the wires until it decays and falls away.
A fae-like lead singer that was spouting some kind of obtuse poetry.
Yeah.
And then they have, of course, the swimming pool and the various hot tubs in the area.
There's like two hot tubs.
Hop in.
And then...
That's just a copy.
Don't jump in.
You know, the various dump stations that we like to visit periodically.
And all the various places where you can purchase your subgenius...
Yeah, it's developed, but it's private.
It's like Grandview?
I mean...
Oh, it's much more...
It's more developed than Grandview.
It's a private campground.
Yeah.
For privates only.
No corporals are allowed.
So, you know, people wander around without any clothes on, without feeling restricted or inhibited in any way.
But they can play the violin.
It's a show.
Other than through the nasty stares of those traveling in subgeni that just gawk and gawk and gander.
Well, when I get up in the morning and my feet are cold, I don't like to get down on some stairs.
Flying over there.
But then we were naturally endowed with astonishing powers of renewal, self-repair, regeneration.
And here we are.
You listening.
Me talking.
Nothing seems different.
I don't get it.
What happened?
The aliens came.
Let's rewind that.
One millisecond when the world ended.
Let's play that video.
Wow.
Oh, there the aliens are.
Cut it.
Cut it.
I really like the way that sample caller made it sound so real this time.
So that's what the aliens did.
They came, they exterminated, and here we are.
Are you getting enough magnesium?
Well, I'm getting my zinc.
And I'm also getting the...
Look, he's packing his zinc in the air.
He's going to do a seat bag and he's ready to go.
What about the talking Apollo 11 lunar module?
What about the maximizing your ear and brain function?
Take technique pills.
What about exorcising a demon?
Yeah, we'll bring it up to about 190 PSI.
These are the pills you take to learn the techniques it takes to make tapes that teach you those techniques.
We're preparing for the end of the show here.
I think...
Yeah, we're starting to put our records away.
We're putting our tapes back in our tape boxes.
We're putting them...
We're putting them in the...
We're putting our...
...in each tape.
...all of our catalogs and our healing magazines and our various subgenius regalia back in its little packages and its holders and its holsters.
Subgenius? You mean like Nancy?
I'm putting my guns back in their holsters.
And I am wrapping up all my fish, my dead fish.
I'm just showing you my dying joy.
Reverend Hal is placing his accoutrements in his well-worn leather.
Leather attache.
I call it my pouch.
It's attached to him.
It's sewn onto his back.
Hmm.
Well, okay.
It may have migrated there.
It's a back pouch.
I haven't felt anything below the waist for years, but...
He goes!
What?
We're doing the show over here.
Slow over here.
The matter of animal tissue thirsting after lusting after salt is of crucial importance.
And to keep themselves supplied with this critical liquid, animal oils have developed ways for sensing sodium chloride.

And other salts.
Then with their long tongues, they lick it and they snap it up.
They lick it.
They lick it.
So I guess all this licking occurred at X-Tag?
Ah, yeah.
We had the big old subgenius salt licks.
We all went down to the river together and we licked on the big old salt licks.
So what happened right at the end of the world?
What did you guys do?
The X-ists didn't come again.
And of course, I never get up.
It's traditional that Philo always sleeps over sleeps.
Knowing that when that actually comes, the sex goddesses will come to the cabin, the hierarchy trailer, for me.
And I won't have to worry about actually waking up.
If he is not going to wake up, we will not come down.
Sex goddesses.
Try again next year.
They're plural.
Sorry.
Goodbye.
Oh, you thought I was talking about sex goddesses?

I was talking about you.
I get it.
Okay.
Well, I was.
Actually, we were talking about you.
You probably think this show is about you.
Don't you?
Especially if your name just happens to be Robert.
But this show is about the one true slack master, J.R. Bob Doggs, the pipe-smoking super salesman
of belief and disbelief.
And the infinite detail can be had about Bob at www.subtitles.com.
Or you can send me crap at stang, P.O.
Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Or send a self-addressed stamped envelope for free information to subgenius at P.O.
Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
www.subgenius.com.
And now, here's So-So Donna with his latest mix, Voodoo Crispy X Day 6.
Bob is back, and he's better than ever.
So, so, so, so, so, so, so, so.
Are you ready, babe?
Ready?
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Oh, when the Dom's heads.
Oh, when the Dom's heads.
Oh, when the Dom's heads.
When the Dom's heads
go killing things.
Oh, oh,
I want to be in that Dom's town.
When the Dom's heads go killing things.
Do you know,
Bob needs you right now.
He needs your $30.
Thank you.
