Up and away!
They'll go on. I'll give you five minutes to talk.
All right. Here it is.
The Self-Genius Power of Swag.
I'm sure they don't need hospitalization, Doctor.
They're just suffering.
Good. That's fine.
Oh, he's got a nasty haircut.
Oh, I'm glad to hear that.
Bob?
Who among ye?
Which manjack among ye doesn't like monsters?
The correct answer is, who cares?
I love monsters, and so does Doctor Howl.
And many of us subgeniuses are monsters.
In fact, Bob is the coolest monster of them all.
And friends, while chopping up the live stage radio recordings
from the live show,
and also from Starwood Festival,
and the devotional and old puzzling evidence shows
from the San Francisco subs,
thanks to Phineas Narco,
I kept coming to material that didn't fall into our usual categories.
That is, the conspiracy, war, sex, Bob, or drugs.
But into the category of monsters.
Also, it's real easy to do a search in my computer
that pulls up every audio file with the word monster in the name.
And that's this show.
Hour of Slack number 1117.
You'll be hearing Doctor Howl,
Lonesome Cowboy Dave, together in fact,
yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang,
puzzling evidence, collages by Nora Preff,
more collegiastices by Fernanda Nandeli-Mur,
and even a few monster movie clips in the forms of their title songs.
And so...
Wait, wait, what's that thing coming out of my microphone?
It's... it's... no!
No! No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
Now, gentlemen, do you see these file folders?
The ones with your names on them?
Can you guess what's in these file folders?
I'll give you a hint.
Discipline reports.
Lots of them.
And some wonderful artwork as well.
This is...
Spider with human head?
I'm sorry, spider?
With human head.
Yeah, he eats dogs and cats and rabbits.
You see, sir, we kind of have this monster club, okay?
And we draw those pictures to put on our clubhouse walls.
Correction, Mr. Crenshaw.
You draw pictures during Mrs. Carlson's science class
when you're supposed to be paying attention.
Wait, I just want to say one thing.
I mean, Mrs. Carlson's a nice teacher and all,
but she's boring and has an odd-shaped head.
That's why some of the guys call her Meow Mix,
because her head's shaped like a cat head.
But I don't, sir, because...
How rude.
I hear you!
Hmm.
I was a kid once.
I thought...
Monsters were cool.
And maybe, well, gosh,
maybe I'm just a big kid because Sean, Patrick,
I think science is cool.
I dig it, man.
Now, I'm sure both of you know a great deal about monsters,
but that's not the issue here.
The issue is science is real.
Monsters are not.
We don't know that, sir.
If you're bored because you feel like there aren't enough weird alien monsters on the planet,
it's just because you haven't looked yet.
There are many strange, hideous monsters yet to be discovered
and turned into subjects of monster movies.
Probably most of the things that live in the deep ocean
haven't really been identified yet.
Many haven't.
And as long as that's true, that means Bob has customers.
No matter how bad it gets,
on the surface of the earth,
there will be something that can evolve.
Say all life on earth was wiped out on the surface
by a terrible cataclysm or an economic depression
and everybody suddenly died.
And all the animals died.
Who would Bob sell to?
Well, he might have to wait around for a billion years,
but there would be creatures that live around those heat vents
at the bottom of the ocean that would be unaffected.
by anything on the surface.
They take their nutrition from the volcanoes and the heat down there
and have nothing to do with the sun.
But if you were to weigh all the life forms on the surface,
the complete biomass,
and as an aggregate of weight, come up with a figure,
this would be outweighed by the biomass of creatures that live below the surface
and are never seen.
Underground life,
life exceeds in vastness
all the life that exists on the surface layer.
So you could, in a way, you could say there is a hell.
And it's bigger than the surface, or world.
Another paradox, something inside that's bigger than outside.
But the point of all this is that eventually those simple creatures at the bottom of the ocean,
if there's nothing else around, they will eventually evolve into new customers for Bob
because that is the pattern.
That is the path of evolution.
Assuming they're challenged.
Right. Well, by Bob showing up and trying to sell them stuff for several million years,
they would eventually evolve into things that would buy the crap from Bob.
And as long as that happens, we can rest assured that life will go on and there will be slack.
It's wonderful how the...
Maybe not for humans or yetis.
Pure faith of Ivan Stang.
Uh...
Takes him through the direst imaginations and speculations.
Well, I'm an optimist.
I feel that, uh...
I feel that we...
The human race has a bright future.
Someday...
Well, even if X-Day doesn't come until 8661,
uh...
We'll eventually figure out how to live in peace.
I'm sure it won't take more than another one million years
before something like a human is able to get along with another human.
And not start a war.
Well, of course, future humans will not completely resemble the humans of today.
Evolution will create changes and create a type which would look most strange to us.
Well, it depends on whether the conspiracy wins or Bob wins.
If the conspiracy wins, the people of the future will just be heads with long fingers that sort of float around.
Whereas, if Bob wins,
the people of the future will be heads with long fingers and dicks.
Or, uh...
Vaginas.
Some kind of sex organ.
That's the difference.
These are the stakes, friends.
Do you want to end up as Carter LeBlanc posed it last year?
Do we want to go the direction of the greys?
Those smooth aliens who have no real feelings?
Or do we want to follow the ape path of our yeti ancestors?
And I say keep scratching them fleas.
You know?
And if we're going to be big chimps,
wouldn't it be better to be bonobo chimps rather than pantroglodytes?
Yes, let's be chimps, not chumps.
And spend our time in a play that advances our development.
It's a little late for George Bush.
His path is already chosen.
Well, I think that's a good point.
Well, actually, it's kind of late in that sense for everyone.
Since no individual evolves.
It's only shown in the path of the development of the genotype.
Oh well.
But one can try at any rate.
Try to live up to what might be potentially,
kinetically available within the subgenius plasm.
But we've hashed all this out before many times
in many intricately worded, hard to read pamphlets.
By failing, sputtering, fluorescent light.
And if people aren't approaching a gestalt of understanding of all this stuff by now,
well, one might well ask, what are they doing at X Day?
Waiting for the coloring book to come out.
Well, yeah, we will have that, of course.
And many other things.
There are those who believe that something mysterious lives in the south of England.
Wherever there are lake monsters, there are other lake monsters.

There are people just like this.
Locals, visitors, scientists and investigators yearning to become lake monsters.
There's one man who supports a lake monster.
I feel blessed.
So long.
Yes, folks, we're having new messages coming in all the time to our message center.
I'm here to take a picture.
Take a picture?
Yeah, I took a picture of the sacred that radio audience doesn't know that the miracle of 10X Day
was a pancake splatter that miraculously took the shape of a Dobbshead silhouette.
Reverend V and Reverend N. were doing their annual pancake breakfast.
And we got the miraculous Dobbshead pancake, which we're going to shellack and display.
Take that, Jesus-faced tortilla.
Yeah.
There was a...
In order for our miracle to happen, a second...
A second pancake for the pipe attached by a stalk has to form.
Now, surely this is a singular proof of divine interference, if not favor.
Right.
If we see that pancake divide like an amoeba and become two Dobbshead-shaped pancakes,
then we know that we've succeeded in creating life.
Or at least Reverend V and Reverend N. have succeeded in creating some new form of life.
Or in striving so hard to create a pattern.
That many simple, humble, unpretentious and homely objects
naturally flow into the shape of that pattern.
And that's why you see Dobbsheads that form spontaneously everywhere.
Like I said, nature is trying to form more customers for Bob and more Dobbsheads that can be sold.
Comet or a meteor, comet or a meteor.
No, horn.
That makes me realize how desperately lonely it is.
Hanging in silence.
Spaced like a speck of food floating in the ocean.
Sooner or later to be swallowed up by some creature floating by.
Oh, come now.
Report, report.
42-96, found content.
Wait, Captain.
I have found evidence of intelligent beings on this planet.
Of what concern are foreign beings?
Of none to you, Thor.
How do you know that?
Need no partners, Nick.
No luck.
Your endless hunger for killing.
Silence, both of you.
Prepare for takeoff.
Takeoff.
We don't know our fathers or mothers.
We're raised in cubicles.
There was love.
Torture, torture.
We are the supreme race.
We have the supreme weapons.
It thrives, Captain.
Already I can feel it has grown heavier.
Captain, Captain, something has gone wrong.
Look here.
What?
What has happened?
I do not know.
It's suddenly so limp.
Now does not move.
I will get the straps.
Captain, look at this.
It is not dead.
It has revived.
It flourishes.
Out of sight, out of sight.
Here, us and exact growth rate.
Millions of times enlarged.
Let us be quick.
I do not like to look upon it.
Sparkey.
Sparkey.



Where have you been all your life?
Are you kidding?
My uniform is all I have.
Gosh, you've got to have more than that.
Answer me or I destroy you.
Hard and so hard.
Oh, much better.
I'm glad you came.
So is Grandpa.
Hey, I like that.
You are not familiar with the focusing disintegrator ray?
The what?
I don't care where you're from.
I don't know what you're talking about.
He's a murderer.
He killed Professor Simpson.
What?
Let's take a look in the old cave.
I could hear the thing tearing him apart.
Mystery still surrounds the disappearance of a man-eating beast.
Meanwhile.
How big would it be now?
There is no killing.
Turn the power back on.
Okay.
Try anything.
It's our only chance.
We have the supreme weapons.
Very stupid.
I'm ready to take my punishment.
Will not the government structure collapse it?
Let me be the one to direct them in for landing.
Increase speed.
Increase speed.
Speed.
Crash.
Get down.
Get down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Well, you know, the funny thing is Dave, Lonesome Cowboy Dave was going to be here.
Could that be him pulling up over there?
Well, I suppose.
If it is, then I'm going to get up.
And let him sit here.
Well, that would be a refreshing.
If he slams into the back of my car, we'll know it's him.
But he didn't.
Yeah, it is.
It is Dave.
The lonesomeness of the cowboy has ended for a little while.
Dave?
Yes?
Why don't you come up here?
There's like an hours worth of recording time.
And you just sit right there.
And we are back with our Bobcast.
We just had the final hours of X Day 10X at Rushwood.
There have actually been 12, haven't there?
Or is it 13 now?
Well, you get into the...
There have been 12 drills altogether.
Well, the first one had the strong eugenics overtone where a lot of the audience was culled,
as they call it.
Where they had either their shackles removed or replaced or had parts of their bodies removed.
But they tried.
They tried the best they could.
They died in harness.
In harmony.
Look, here's a nice cold beer that you've just made.
Thank you.
That took a little doing, but cold is better than warm, where beer is concerned.
Let's consider the appropriateness of appropriateness.
Did three very, very large people with huge macrocephalic looking heads appear behind us?
No, that was...
Well, macrocephalism isn't...
Funny, but it sure isn't that sad.
Unless you're a pinhead.
Right.
Contrast creates more contrast, creates harmony slash beauty equals truth slash...
But water on the brain is an unpleasant thing to have.
To slosh when you move your cranium is distracting and dispiriting.
It's better to have water on the knee if you must have it anywhere.
Well, for swimmers, water on the brain is definitely a drawback.
It confuses them, disorients them.
They may swim with the other teams, as they say in outer space talk.
Like the exes, perhaps.
Well, I suppose it's disability which gives you certain professional standing,
like the writer's bump, except of course, writers don't get those bumps because they use computers
these days.
But the shoemaker's calloused thimble finger, and that's what they're doing.





These are honest deformities of labor and possession.
Remember, Buddha was against butchery, and that's why he did away with all the butchers
in northern Nepal, and the eaters of meat, the lookers out of meat, and that's why he
was deformed in such a way.
He had the old butcher's handle.
Mmm.
Mmm.
There's nothing like it.
A bag of fresh fat hanging on the...
...over each ear, and long horns awaiting the wind.
Oh, we're waiting for the wind, aren't we?
Even a large smock can't disguise that one.
Now let's go over that again.
You say you saw some sort of monster.
You know cryomorphology is the park of...
Oh, monsieur.
...deormorphology pertaining to the various processes and products of cold climates.
Captain.
There's one now.
Captain.
We are in the air canal.
Everybody be quiet.
You can hear us.
There's a funny little itching thing in the ear, Captain.
I...
What about the other ear?
Ah!



Ah!
It shrivels with antennas.
We put creatures in our bodies.
Well, you know, it was just a show.
They're show creatures, yes.
Captain, it was Stag.
He put the creatures in our ears to make us ruin this show.
Oh, no.
Really?
Well...
That's kind of neat.
Let's see what we can do.
Let's...
Okay, I'm gonna pull the head of one of these little creatures out here, and it'll talk
to us.
Okay, talk to us, little creature.
Okay, little creature's shy.
There's one.
Get it.
Squash it.
I was just supposed to say, help me, help me.
Kill it.
Look, it's...
It's back in Tokyo!
Ah!
Now, uh, what was this about a monster?
Come on, you can't expect us to believe that.
Let's go over that again.
I believe you probably think you saw something.
You know, the human mind's a funny thing.
It plays strange tricks.
Are you guys trying to tell us that aliens, space monsters are bringing on some kind of
brave new world?
Yeah.
And they're gonna whip your butt real good.
But they're really pretty, so you won't mind.
Yeah, and they got big tentacles and flowers on their hats and everything.
Now let's go over that again.
So you heard some kind of show or monster?
Oh, no.
Mom, you've gotta believe me.
What?
Don't you think I know how crazy this sounds?
Don't you think you're...
I know you're thinking, well, this guy has to be locked up.
This guy has to be locked up.
Well, I didn't say that, mister, but you've got the general idea.
Don't you know there aren't any monsters in this day and age?
This whole town is lost, I tell you.
We put a man on the moon.
Uh, time for monsters is come and gone.
I know it sounds crazy, but it's the truth.
You've gotta believe me.
Well, now, this thing you say you thought you saw...
It was ten feet tall and dripping slime and had tentacles and wings all over it.
Oh, that was Mobius Rex.
He's not here, though.
It is curious, speaking of horns growing on humans, how many times this has happened in
human history.
Some of the horns are on display in L.A. in the Museum of Jurassic Technology.
Anyone's ever been there?
I have one.
Only it was...
I have to get it removed.
It's starting.
It's a startup.
Well, there are, you know, ultimately it can grow out and then sort of curve back, you
know.
Unfortunately, not being a very symmetrical thing like the horns of Amon.
It always looks like an addition which doesn't belong there.
However, most of us don't grow actual horns.
However, we might have one.
I do actually have one, which is why I wear this stupid hat, which has nothing to do with
a fashion statement or anything.
There is, if you will notice, this protrusion here.
I believe you.
Actually, I had mine surgically removed.
Oh, really?
I've got a scar.
But I decided not to grow the horn myself.
But it is a form of enlightenment, like a witch's thumb or something like that.
But difficult to...
You don't want to keep telling people what it is and why it's there and so on.
Or wait for them to, you know, you know that when you're talking to them and you're trying
to explain something, they're just looking at your horn.
I'm thinking about what they're going to say.
I'm tired of people looking right there.
Yeah, you'll get tired of it.
Bishop Joey of the First Church of the Last Laugh, he's got one right at the top of his
gradium, which is ultimately going to give him a head with a point on it, as he always
wanted.
Well, sometimes if you've been dob-slapped, you can grow an alien vertebrae, which is...
How many vertebrae are we supposed to have?
29, 73, something like that?
33.
33.
My dear fellow, 33.
So each one...
That's sacred and important.
That's an important number.
Well, so like if you're a 34th degree subgenius, there's a protrusion out of your ass.
Oh, that's entirely one vertebrae too many.
One vertebrae too many, yes.
What they call an ascended master in the Church of the Subgenius is really a de-beast,
I mean, a de-beast.
Well, there you said it.
De-beast, by a de-base.
A de-beast maestro by...
No, that's not the...
Is the room getting fuzzier now or...
Are we growing more hair?
Both of those things are happening, but I'm drinking a healthful, refreshing beer because
of a remark that Stang made earlier.
And we will experience other potations and medicaments while we continue to broadcast
as a reward for our diligence in the service of the Epoch Bob Dobbs.
Well, this show is just a dried-up collection of

Yes, remember they love their music.
Yeah, it is.


Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
One big guy in the middle of my head
When he looked at you, you never knew
Are they red or are they blue?
My balls, that is bubbling crude
Am I happy, am I sad?
Am I insane, if not mad?
Sorry, I'm living in the city
One man, oh
My pain isn't pretty
I'm all alone
Living in the city
You're in my home
My pain isn't pretty
I'm all alone
Guitar
When they looked at you, you never knew
Are they red or are they blue?
My balls, that is bubbling crude
Am I happy, am I sad?
Am I insane, if not mad?
Am I sad?
Sorry, I'm living in the city
You're in my home
My pain isn't pretty
I'm all alone
I'm living in the city
You're in my home
My pain isn't pretty
I'm all alone
I'm all alone, ladies
Yes, friends, and that was the song Cyclops, popularized by D.V. 2.0, done by Magic Cyclops, and you can find Magic Cyclops at myspace.com slash thequadcitymadman.
How about Pantagruel?
You remember the story of Pantagruel the Tasty and the one who said he was disgusting?
Yes, these were two huge, grotesque giants of the past.
Now, of course, it says in the Bible that in the days of the Israelite spies, they went out and they saw the giant sons of Anak, the Anakim.
How large were these giants?
Well, they were pretty big.
The giants that Dante found in hell, some of them were 15 feet tall, and that's pretty big for a giant.
You know, they can't really get enormous, so it is said.
Because of the simple rules of physics that can't be transgressed.
But the Anakim were so large that the Israelites were as grasshoppers in their sight.
That's not as quite as bad as it sounds if you've ever seen the huge horse-lubber grasshoppers they have out in that part of the world.
Still, that's a mighty big giant.
And Gargantua and Pantagruel were two huge, lusty, brawling, farting, shitting, vomiting giants.
In the beloved book by François Rabelais.
A book that may not be too known over here, but the Euros like it so much that they created a huge amusement park of Gargantua and Pantagruel land.
Their version of Disneyland celebrates a huge, gluttonous giant, which was right in the middle of the amusement park.
And you know what?
The whole thing tanked.
Nobody went to Gargantua and Pantagruel.
They went to nearby Euro Disneyland instead.
Because there's something about these little, rubbery, American cartoon characters that are far more appealing to the secret, deviant desires of humans than a mythological, groaning, farting, eating giant.
As enjoyable as those books are.
Mr. Crunchbender, I would like to remind you that the Fizzrelites responded in kind by creating...
...tiny, tiny, anti-magnetic subgenia.
...that were capable of offsetting the huge weight of Pantagruel and fuh-fuh-fuh-fuh...
Those were called Onanobots.
The Onanobots, of course.
That is an ingenious and appropriate response to these outsized giants to attack them with the very small, in this case, chains of juddering nanobots operating in unison.
They say in the future all they'll have to do is inject...
those and they will march to the site of your disease and annihilate it. But my only question
is, then what will they march to and annihilate?
Was masturbation the reason the giants shrank down to nothing?
These nanobots will cost nothing for the first injection, but removing them, that's going
to be a pricey procedure. Do you remember in Gargantua and Pantagruel where an exploration
party wandered down the throat of one of these giants and was lost for some days?
And then when it was finally withdrawn, they asked them questions and the last question
was, but where did you shit? And the answer was, why, down your throat, my lord.
This is a hilarious medieval humor in these books.
Well, once you've gone there, you'll never go anywhere else.
As long as it's past the Tate.
It doesn't matter. It's simply more protein being absorbed by the giant body.
Has anybody seen a dog-dyed dark green?
About two inches tall.
So genius. Power of the sun.
Go shut your face!
But speaking of being back in Minas Sidus, a few weeks from now,
I will know.
I will no longer be living.
And so, you know, you can't help thinking of the last few years of my life.
And I don't know, maybe I'm overly mental.
Stan, what are we going to do to solve the ever-perplexing, itchy conundrum of these
unbestowed Bobby Awards?
I love me.
We should give them out to whoever still remains while they're still trickling away.
You know, we'll end up with a table of awards.
You say that, but we've gained quite a few more people.
We've gained a lot more people from the last time.
All right, well let's continue then doing that hoodoo that we do so well.
And maybe we'll achieve a quorum and be able to give away our awards.
Because it would be a cryin' shame if after all the labor that has been expended on creating these things,
they were not to go to their intended receptors.
We don't know who they actually are intended for.
We know they are somehow...
Oh, yes we do.
Oh, yes we do.
Oh, yes we do.
We do?
It tells each and every subgenius who's going to receive one of these god-awful things.
So, you know, we are able to bestow them once the bestowal process starts.
Don't worry, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, we will have no hemming and hawing.
The administration of justice will be precise and sure when the moment comes.
Are you saying that there is a moment of justice after the bestowal of these ridiculous awards?
Which have poo-poo on the bottom of them?
That is the justice.
That is the retribution there.
The equalization, you know.
One wonders, if life is unfair, if the universe is unfair, if nature is unfair, if your chance is unfair,
your life is unfair, your job is unfair, what is fair?
Where is fair?
Fair is where you take your pig and hope you get a prize.
Yes, but of course you might not even be there.
Some already well-fed, wealthy person might swagger up and lead that pig away by the ring in the end of his nose,
which more and more people have these days.
So, you have to look for fairness somewhere else, and that is outside this universe,
in the realm that Plato originally envisaged, or whoever he got it from,
the world of perfection.
In the world of perfection, there is such a thing as fair and unfair.
That means that there is a potential somewhere, perhaps not in our universe,
for inequities to be justified.
Otherwise, we wouldn't think that fairness was the norm, and departure from it the abnormality.
Even the worst asshole in the world, if he feels himself cheated, will complain that it's not fair.
This is one indication that, in fact, the world is not fair.
This is one indication that things aren't quite the way they're cooked up to be
in this world of molecules and mud puppies, of cancers and undersea worms.
You know, this is all simply a show, a projection of magic shadow shapes that come and go.
And we're only hoping that all the body parts complain at the right time.
At about the time stupefaction comes,
just before reintegration, the body starts breaking down.
That's necessary.
That's necessary so you don't...
You're not supposed to remember your earlier life.
The stupefaction wipes you clean, so you...
Just like those robots in Star Wars that get a complete memory wipe
so the script won't be all pinkier than it is.
We will be handing out memory wipes with these ridiculous prizes,
so you'll never have the stain of what happened to you.
Being honored by the church.
Yes, there will be no stigma, or perhaps in this case, smegma,
when these awards are given out.
And unlike the condoms, there will be no disappointment.
Unlike the pyramid sales plan, which didn't work,
there will be perfect agreement.
Unlike the pro...
Well, I suppose I shouldn't continue in this vein.
Naturally, a man's reach must...
Look for another vein, you junky.
Exceed his grasp, or what's a heaven for, eh?
Smack it up. Go ahead. Look for another vein, if you can find one, you foolish junky.
Oh, you have hard veins to find.
Let me try again.
And again.
One more time. One more. One more.
Oh, we're losing him. We're losing him.
Maybe we can bring him back with a little slap on the face.
Bob's coming. Gonna take us off this...
No, it's not working.
Go for the heart punch. Stick up.
The last view before you completely check out is of Bob's grinning face,
instead of children playing on the beach like in that movie.
It glows.
The pipe glows, too.
Yeah, it glows.
Pent-up hatreds, petty jealousies, an air of ineffable doom.
The atmosphere of a place accursed.
Please, please, kill father.
I'll be over right away.
I went to the barn to get a piece of thick.
What's it to hear about your father?
Oh, doctor. Oh, doctor. Doctor, in the living room.
Stand back. Stand back. How long's he been dead, doc? Still warm. Lizzie.
Yes, doctor.
That's it. Turn around.
Me?
Yes, you.
Oh. Doctor. Yes. Yes.
What? Why?
Yes, doctor.
And he's been dead only a few minutes.
Yes. Not a clue. Where were you, Lizzie Borden, when this happened?
Where were you, Lizzie Borden, when this happened?
Where were you, Lizzie Borden, when this happened?
Where were you, Lizzie Borden, when this happened?
Where were you, Lizzie Borden, when this happened?
Where were you, Lizzie Borden, when this happened?
Where were you, Lizzie Borden, when this happened?
I repeat. I repeat. Again. Impossible, gentlemen of the jury. Impossible.
It is not easy to remove blood stains.
It is the morning of the murder. Food will be forthcoming.
I'm going out of the barn for a piece of thick.
Puzzling and weird practices found in voodooism.
Zombies within the cult of voodooism in Haiti.
Zombies do exist.
I'm going down.
You must.
Yes. I need it.
I have been watching you.
You've been watching me?
You and the woman.
What's the matter with you? What's come over you?
Helen was dead. Many times before a white man, he say rubbish.
Many zombies work.
All come strong.
All come strong.
Come? Where?
Come along and I'll show you.
Now stand back while I dig.
Oh, let me talk. Let me talk.
No.
Helen. Helen. Helen.
She was a zombie.
Have you ever heard of inanimate objects being moved by the power of mind?
Yes, I have.
And isn't it possible that the same worker in black magic or voodooism that killed a person by power of mind could take that inanimate object to the corpse and make it move?
Do you believe that?
Yes.
Made a zombie.
Made a zombie.
Made a zombie.
The pipe is not just a decoration.
The pipe is really, the pipe is really part of Bob's face.
Walt Disney Productions recently went through all their cartoons and desecrated them and censored them.
For example, the story of Pecos Bill.
He used to smoke a cigarette.
Well, we can't show cigarettes in a Walt Disney cartoon.
So they went through and painted it out digitally in every frame.
But now he looks awful because the cigarette was part of his face.
That was part of the design.
So they went looking for Pecos Bill's Bob.
And Bill's veins.
And we've enjoyed from time to time.
Smack him up.
Smack him up.
Look at my veins.
Drawing Bob's without pipes.
But we understand this is only a trick.
A misanthrope.
Not anything like any representation of any level of reality.
A misanthrope.
Well, we know the pipe really belongs there.
We're allowed to play, to frisk and gamble in the fields of Bob.
Someday there are actual brain cells located deep in the mungress of the pipe.
So that when Hubsaphrompsipilus is lit or smoked nearby,
the actual brain cells come alive.
And they even create the magic.
The sundry sounds and strange delights which are known to be his monograms.
Isn't that a lovely legend?
What a wonderful legend that was.
Yeah, the ancient brain cells coming to life.
Can you imagine that?
Like that A.E. van Vogt story where aliens come down to a destroyed earth
and they go into a museum and with some god awful advanced alien technology,
these are totally inhuman.
Bug-like aliens resuscitate an ancient mummy.
They've reestablished those ancient cells and he comes out of his sarcophagus
and what does he see?
Horrible aliens in spacesuits.
He starts to bow down to them and says,
Wait a minute, I don't bow down to strange gods.
That fixes his historical period.
All right for you.
And they destroy him.
But pretty soon they get a guy who gives them a ring.
A thing, a run for their money.
Mummy.
Regeneration.
Yeah, the mummy was brought back and as Ivan Stang was saying the other night,
he's a sort of pathetic character shuffling along with one arm tied up in bandages.
But just like George Romero's zombies, he ultimately gets you.
However palsied and slow his movements because he persists.
And even though he bumbles and bumps into doors and knocks into things
and moves slower than your 80 year old grandfather with a walker,
he eventually gets to where he's going, which is where you are.
And pretty soon you are no more.
But he continues to shuffle along.
Shuffling and shuffling.
Baby stamp.
But there's a moment of truth to us.
I'm just scared it begins with one little baby stamp.
In even the crummiest mummy movie where they spill the tanner leaf tea on the floor.
And then all of a sudden it's not shuffle anymore, is it Mr. Mummy?
It's down on the floor trying to lick up the tanner juice with his disintegrating non-existent tongue.
And pretty soon it's just another bundle of old rags and cloth and bones
while the bovine hero and heroine embrace and the music comes up.
It's a terrible fate.
I'm sure it's only subgeniuses who are keenly aware of that moment
greater than any tragedy.
In Greek plays or in Shakespeare where the monster meets his doom
just as the normals embrace and find sexual satisfaction.
Like, say, one example, the beast from 20,000 Fathoms
has been horribly wounded already by a GI with a bazooka.
Now they make it worse by firing a radioactive isotope into his bloody wound.
And he shrieks and he bolts out of the burning coniochlea.
He's on the island roller coaster and trots around and around on the sand
like a dog chasing his own tail.
And finally he rears up on his hind leg and gives one horrible shriek
just as the moment that the romance music comes up
and the girl and the studly young scientist embrace
while the stern Air Force guy, Kenneth Tobey, looks on approvingly.
Why does this have to happen at the moment of the death of the Rhetosaurus?
And so stark and alone,
and a monad with no hope of reproduction or survival,
he nonetheless shrieks out his final rattling barbaric yawp
before collapsing to the sand and over his huge humped dead carcass
the words THE END appear in giant letters.
Also the Warner Brothers shield.
Yes, this is a moment to make every subgenius react in awe and pity
which Aristotle said was the appropriate year
to produce of the drama.
Now you can take that and put that in your pipe
and smoke it, Eugene O'Neil
or whoever is supposed to be a really trenchant observer.
Well, all I can say is that damn Plato was a caveman and a liar.
He believed in a republic where people didn't vote
and animals like that were shot on sight.
Well, they were taken off the lot actually and shot there.
And used.
For?
For leather and Chinese aphrodisiacs and other things.
Ah, yes.
Nogatucks.
And french fry, amongst other things,
for use in the baby bread.
We're the Monster Squad.
Monster Squad.
Gotta get up, gotta get up, gotta work a year, work a year
Every hundred years in the darkest night
The forces of evil come out to fight
The amulets they must destroy
Are spent forever in the darkest void
Who can stop that deadly might?
Who will stand up for the right?
From the mouth of babes comes dynamite
The Monster Squad's gonna goon tonight
First came Dracula, now the Wolfman too
The mummy and the gil was living in the pool
We need silver bullets, we need wooden sticks
Normal stuff won't stop them cause they live on hate
Speak some magic words from a virgin's lips
Baby that'll shake them, make them slip and drip
There's no turning back, gotta fight the fight
Yeah, the Monster Squad's gonna jam tonight
Monster Squad
We're the Monster Squad
And the forces of evil
That are running hot
Monster Squad
We're the Monster Squad
And the forces of evil
Best beware of the Monster Squad
Monster Squad
Monster Squad
Monster Squad
Monster Squad
Awesome.
Great Bull Dada movies of the past have provided us with so much food for thought.
I remember I was a Sackwheel Mountain vesicle for the Harpoon of Bob.
Remember, that one was 1958, I think was about the same period.
Wow.
Well, if you didn't have the imprint of a Major Studio, you'd often be reduced to the last billing at the Grindhouse
or at some hideously little house.
rural drive-in. And even cool monster movies that we revere as classics often appeared
as the last bill at the Apache drive-in out in Tucson, Arizona's suburbs.
Really, really. Obstrusive.
With other movies ahead of it like Satan's Slaves, Hell's Angels 69.
The Vestigial Epiglottas.
The Bubble.
The Bubble and a Halfer. There were so many strangely named. And yet
appropriately named B or Psychotronic films at the time.
But a truly subgenius monster movie. Of course, that is a tautology. All subgenius
movies, I mean all monster movies must partake of the subgenius essence in order to be successful.
But they're all totalitarian films, my friend.
Some of them are.
Some of them...
Some...
...yearn for somebody.
...to take control.
Yes.
And stop this out of control horror that threatens to go on and on.
Some bootlicking.
Some boot snapping.
And so you have fascist figures like Marshall Thompson in Fiend Without a Face.
Of course.
Running through the woods to blow up the atomic reactor. A typical muddle-headed
solution to stop the invasion of hopping, flopping brains and spinal cords. That was
actually a more unusual monster than others.
But I was thinking of the old film Mad Love. Not anything having to do with Drew Barrymore,
but the Peter Lorre version.
The hand. I remembered the hand.
That's what you were talking about.
That was a damn good one. That's where another one of these severed hand movies.
I'm not talking about Mad Love, but I think that's called The Beast with Five Fingers.
Someone who was...
Something was done wrong to his hand.

The hand was severed and wouldn't you know it, it's running around the house bedeviling
Popeye Peter Lorre. It's even getting on the piano and playing a movement for the left
hand, which is rather skillful of it.
What was odd was the couscous dish was portrayed by Barely Mandrill, who was barely
a human at the time and had been regrown. And they had to fire him. That's one of the
little inside things that happened.
There.
Then later on...

Then later on in the severed hand genre, closer to our own time, there was Michael
Kane's recent film.
Uh-oh.
What?

Michael Kane's recent film, My Bloody Hand.
My Bloody Hand.
Hello. Hello. Hello.
He's so a monster, hell.
Bad times rolling around.
It's a prehistoric thing.
It's a prehistoric monster. It came from outer space. Created by the Marshalls to destroy
the human race.
The FBI is helpless. It's 20 stories tall. What can they do?
It's a monster.










Whom can they call?
If we can rent that thing that drills to the center of the earth, I would rather do that.
Well, everyone like to go down there because big monster.
Big monster in earth.
Well, I understand there's some large Dimetrodons and some big mushrooms.
We need rocks. Eat to fire.
Yeah, I know. I know.
Oh, thanks, Kenny.
Well, they live in the magma of underground.
They do swim unharmed through the magma of the underground. An astonishing thing for
any being. But these large Pelicasauras can do it.
And I understand the thing as viewport so you can take pictures if you bring your camera.
A pipe of more than titanic size, furlongs in length, jotted from the rictus of the terrifyingly
huge mouth, whose lips were skinned back from the form of white teeth, set too close together
to be fastened upon the pipe in any comprehensible way. Under the nightmare of that mindless
but all-encompassing gaze, the two quaked in cosmic fear.
Clutching each other and begging each other to kill each other. Soon their knees smote
together in fear. But the hideous face swelled and seemed to fill the entire sky. Then the
whole field of vision saw that nothing else could be seen.
Come, you heavy laden, to the feast of the sauropods.
Everybody thinks brontosaurus was such a patsy.
Why that thing was as vicious as can be.
Didn't anyone ever see King Kong?
People say because it was a vegetarian it was peaceful.
Ha! A rhinoceros is a vegetarian. The Cape buffalo, the most dangerous animal on earth.
Look at what it's doing!
The brontosaurus was good. But the tyranosaurus lex was bad.
Because it ate meat.
Get out of the way!
Watch out!
The stegosaurus was bad because it ate meat.
No, you're wrong, Timmy. The stegosaurus did not eat meat. And not only that, it was not bad.
It was a creature of radiant angelic goodness.
Such as we evil fallen beings in the post-adamant world.
The cosmic world cannot possibly comprehend or understand.
I was talking about the bonfire.
Now friends, if you possibly can, not only attend when the bonfire gets lit and everybody starts dancing around it, that's all amazing.
But for me, what Starwood's really all about is the next morning when the sun rises.
And the few, the strong, the brave, the brain damaged are out there shuffling around that bonfire.
The pile of ash and the fitful last string drummers are banging away.
That's really, that's, I missed it last year because I wore the wrong shoes.
My feet hurt so much I had to go to bed.
Don't be like me!
Throw those shoes off!
And, well, no, actually, whatever.
Do whatever you need to.
But I had an idea about that bonfire.
What if next year, instead of the woodbusters building it in the fire,
in the magnificent pyramid style that they've done, the ones here and at Sirius,
what if it looked like one of those old castles in a Frankenstein movie?
And we'd get to be the villagers with the torches!
Haven't you ever wanted to do that?
Actually, I always wanted to be the monster on top of the thing throwing boulders onto the villagers with the torches
or, you know, the hunchback pouring the lava down on them and stuff.
But only the woodbusters get to do that.
These are not wax dummies, incidentally, ladies and gentlemen.
These are real suffering souls who paid the full price for refusal to understand the true meaning of female.
You may now open your eyes.
The UFOs are there.
This is a recording.
Bob was there to watch each dropping of each coprolite from each dinosaur sphincter.
Bob saw.
Bob sees now.
Bob always will see.
And if it is not superfluous to do that, then I'm going to do it.
Even more guys will try to do it.
Ehhh....
We're wouldn't say scary.
But I don't see how partnered with a такое, which I wouldn't call sexual harassment at all,

I mean, our MetaTrad McKay did
not direct us to sex on that head of a dinosaur.
Well, first we have to build a pure neutronium.
And now the neutronium is rolled down to the street level,
where the peasants will begin to eat it and then kiss the queen, giving her the power of the neutronium.
Yes, this neutronium, the densest substance known in the physical universe,
is going to be the basis of an entire new review,
which all of our foreign digitaries, as well as the president and his charming wife,
will ascend in just 25 short minutes,
as the subgenius floats continue in this parade of parades on the year of surprises.
Or to a jazz band.
And here, moving at best in sound,
What's happening to them?
a giant transports in a transport of excellence.
Leave them on.
Friends, you are listening to Subgenius Radio Ministry,
the hour of slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
For more information about the Church of the Subgenius and all of its monsters,
you can check out subgenius.com on the intranets,
or write to Post Office Box 181-4.
417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
The monster, it sees us. Look, its eyes beginning to open.
Why, this was not in the script. The monster was supposed to stay asleep.
Oh, Doctor, the monster. How must we get the monster back to sleep?
I cannot do anything about this. It is too big.
Oh, look, behind us. It is behind us.
It must be electronically stimulated.
Yes.
Well, and this is the friend of all good boys and girls.
Well, let's get on the plane to Monster Island.
Okay, you check the baggage.
Yes, of course.
Just stay down.
Remember the antediluvian markings in China were on theme works.
All right, General.
In the country of the mind, in the galaxy of the faces,
I would tell you, but the monster, it twisted my arm behind my back
until I had to give away the secret of theme world.
Theme world.
Theme world.
So that's what it was.
I was dwelling far off on a planet in space.
My computer brain reviewed the information that I had up to that time.
Against the icky blackness.
And then, you know, I got to go to my dog's house.
Why am I speaking with Hal's voice?
Theme world.
Well, put your mouth on the radio.
I can tell by your voice you don't mean it, boy.
It was said that to have enough um would enable the soul to retain its potent ka.
And its ka, of course, was what we call ectoplasm.
They would collect them in the jars of...
Collectiplasm, we used to call it as kids.
Yes, this collectiplasm in the canoptic jars.
We were able to collect it.
Yeah, we put it in jars and made it live again.
...for cave lions.
Pushed it around and stopped it.
Give it to me.
Now, really, I must go.
Oh, no.
No, I've taken a liking to you.
But you promised.
Oh, no, no, no.
I'm going to put you up for membership.
But I'm not a monster.
Don't say it.
You're the greatest monster of them all.
Oh, Mr. Club Secretary.
I want to propose my friend here as a member of this August assembly.
What?
He's a...
He's a...
He's a...
Hume!
Yes.
But can we truly call this a monster club?
If we do not boast amongst our membership a single member of the human race?
Nonsense!
What can he do?
What can he do?
In the past 60 years, Humes have exterminated over 150 million of their own kind.
No effort has been spared to reach this astronomical figure.
And the methods that they have used must demand our unstinted admiration.
You know, Humes began with certain very serious disadvantages.
But these they overcame with wonderful ingenuity.
Not having a fang or a claw or even a whistle worth talking about.
They invented guns and tanks and bombs and airplanes and extermination camps.
And poison gas and daggers and swords and bayonets and booby traps and atomic bombs and flying missiles.
Submarines, warships, aircraft carriers and motor cars.
They have even perfected a process whereby they can spread a lethal disease on any part of this planet.
Not to say anything about nuclear power.
Oh, during their short history, you know.
Humes have subjected...
They have subjected other Humes to death by burning, hanging, decapitation, strangulation, electrocution, shooting, drowning, crushing, wracking, disemboweling.
And other methods far, far too revolting for the delicate stomachs of this August Ascendant.
I never realized he was so talented.
We don't like to boast.
I swear.
I'm not going to sit on the proposal.
A member of such a talented race can only be a credit to any monster club.
Maestro, to celebrate the installation of a new member, may we hear our song.
And those of you who are not prepared or aware must take the golden vow now.
You will fight for something holy, whatever that might be.
Well, I kind of agree with Reverend Stang that the world is a monster club.
The World is a Monster Club
Baby, I thought I saw a vampire
Climbing through my window last night.
Crazy, I thought I saw a werewolf
Drinking from my toilet last night.
Baby, I know I'm medicated
But I know things are gonna be alright.
Crazy, I called 911
Had some cereal and I cried.
This world is a monster club
And you must beware
There's plenty of crazy things
Terror and love are still.
They're all monsters.
Baby, I thought I saw a mummy
Crawling on my tummy and inside.
You're crazy.
It might be in my head but baby
I don't wanna wind up dead.
Baby, I swear I saw a werewolf
Drinking from my toilet last night.
Crazy, I know I saw a baby.
Hold my head, I'm gonna be alright.
This world is a monster club
And you must beware
There's plenty of crazy things
Terror and love are still.
Baby, I know I saw a mummy
Crawling on my tummy and inside.

This world is a monster club
And you must beware
There's plenty of crazy things
Terror and love are still.
Baby, I saw a mummy
Crawling on my tummy and inside.
You're crazy.

And you must beware
There's plenty of crazy things
Terror and love are still.
There's no tomorrow, no safe out the bell
There's no place to run
Nowhere to hide
Now it's time to see what you got inside
Though evil will escape by sight
Yeah, the monster squad's got a gamble now
This ain't Halloween or some phony deal
They be playing for keeps
They be playing for real
There's darkness spread all across the land
We're the only ones left to make a stand
We don't wanna hide with the walking dead
So we gotta kick some monster butt instead
And you'll never see such a ghastly sight
When the monster squad's in peace.
It's a war tonight.
March to the fight.
We're the monster.
And the force of the people.
Better run or be late.
Mob.
