Bob Lepke, Bob Lepke, Bob Lepke, Bob Lepke
Hello my friend, how are you?
I am sending you this tape that you will play over the air
to the millions of fans who listen to me.
Ah, Hour of Slack, one of the greatest shows in the world!
And I have a new guest, a new person, who is here with me.
Yes, Mr. Pee-Pee will like to introduce his son, Baby Pee-Wee.
Hello, this is Baby Pee-Wee. Are you nice today?
I'm very nice, I've always been very nice.
And how big are you, Mr. Pee-Pee Jr.?
I'm 20, playing on my daddy.
Son, what did I tell you about bragging?
I told you that this is the Hour of Slack program.
You should not brag, but if you do, be honest and tell us.
How big is it really?
The listening audience of Hour of Slack would really like to know.
I'm always trying to make as you have ever said.
Ah, like father, like son. Oh, the momentum. Oh!
Well, I just want to say hello and thank you, Hour of Slack,
and Ivan Stang, for playing this tape.
And if I could do anything for anybody, ooh, just come over anytime. Bye-bye.
Bye-bye!
Bob loves you. Bob loves you. Bob loves you.
Bob loves you. Bob loves you. Bob loves you.
Anyway, I'd say, you're broadcasting from Berkeley, California into the Bay Area.
And, uh, he's in Dallas, you know.
And there's people in Dallas who don't know the difference between James Joyce and Joyce Brothers, so...
That's why you have to lecture them.
And besides, I think you should sometimes lecture your audiences.
You are a doctor after all.
You're up there in front of them all.
They're the ones that are having to listen to you.
You have the controls.
You have the microphone.
All they can do is either listen or not listen.
You put them in a binary state.
A passive binary state.
They can either listen to what you have to say or not listen to what you have to say.
They can turn you on or turn you off.
And perhaps until the moment they tune you in, you're nothing but a way-front probability.
You don't really exist for them.
But there's nothing wrong with stomping a few butts.
I've always believed that one of our most important functions in this church has been to administer a good kick in the ass.
Maybe if you kick them hard enough in the ass, it pops their eyes open.
And a jolt of surprise opens up their lobes.
They see something.
It registers.
The devil owes you money, friend.
But Bob Dobbs is the bank where you can cash it in.
We gotta burn out the banks of the devil!
We gotta root him out!
Burn out the hate!
Burn out the radiation!
Burn out the fire!
These words may be harsh.
They may not go down well on the polished ears of the rationalists.
The modernists, those who wish to see proof of Bob.
But I don't care what they say.
I'll keep preaching.
If you go down, pull them with you, Praise Bob.
Help me, somebody.
Let there be slack.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.

Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.








Oh, yes, dear friends.
Can you hear me?
Yes, I think you can.
A severe indictment.
The Church of the Subgenius is a negative 273-day exploit of religion.
It is a solution waiting for its problem.
It is the nameless mission.
and it is the mandatory indulgence.
A society for non-joiners?
A mail-order mind-control cult?
A joke?
It is anything you need it to be
in order to part with that membership fee today.
From the Dobbs.Town Mirror.
Things to see, say, do, think, know, and buy.
We'll have more of that later.
I'm still laid up and lying down
with a bad back, friends.
A little yard work accident
that set me back a bit.
And I...
I...
I...
I said I was going to do a new show.
I'm going to try to put some new stuff in here.
But a whole lot of this,
Hour of Slack number 1,801,
is from the olden days,
Hour of Slack number 38,
which I think was not
one of the ones that's archived.
I recently unearthed master copies of shows
that aren't on the David Bauchner stack.
I think I've got a whole stash of a thousand old shows.
This one was not in that stash, I don't think.
Number 38, and a lot of it is from our old Media Barrage albums,
including unreleased ones.
Number 4, 6, 7, 8, and 9 were never out on CD.
And we never pushed them all that hard.
They existed on cassettes.
I digitized.
I digitized them.
Long since.
But not on...
We never did try to sell them on CD.
I might put them on Bandcamp,
if my back feels better.
But in the meantime, friends,
here's the big news!
The Subgenius movie is out.
The documentary,
with the title,
J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
documentary directed by
Sandy,
Kay Boone,
2019,
is out.
You can see it on the internet.
It's for rent or purchase
on Amazon Prime, Apple TV, Fandango Now,
Foodoo,
and also YouTube.
And I'll be surprised if it doesn't pop up on Netflix also.
But it is showing now.
It started out as a movie.
It started this morning.
And it's gotten fabulous reviews.
I mean,
maybe one in 20 reviews goes,
well, this group wasn't as important
as the movie makes them out to be.
But that's the worst thing they can say about it.
Generally, everybody who sees it
thinks it's really, really funny
and open their eyes to certain things.
Of course, a lot of people had extreme misconceptions
about Church of the Subgenius.
And this movie will continue.
To protect us with those misconceptions.
You can go to the homepage of subgenius.com
and there'll be a link there
to this link,
which shows you all the links
you would need to know about this movie.
Dr. Onan Canobite
is maintaining an updated list
of who's showing the movie
and a giant list of all the reviews.
And I mean, there's like,
25 or 30 reviews already, at least.
Some of them are older from the film festival year,
but a whole lot of them are new, brand new.
And that's a fun read.
And you can find all of those at
dobstown.org.
Not dobbs.town,
but a new one called dobstown.org,
which Onan, Uncle Onan,
set up, evidently,
to have released,
you know, updated lists
of where the movie is showing.
Of course, he's in it a fair amount
at different ages,
different stages of his life.
Like I am, and Dr. Philo Drummond,
and Paul Mavridis,
and Dr. Hal, and Puzzling Evidence,
and Sterno, and Papa Joe,
and Susan Flusie, and...
Hold on.
Let's give him a hug.







and there're a whole lot
of other people.
It really focuses on the olden days,
although it does also cover
the modern strangenesses that happened.
It's great.
It's a really, really fun movie.
All the details, again, are at dobstown.org,
which you can also find in the front page of subgenius.com.
And it's on Amazon Prime and Apple TV and Fandango Now and Vudu and YouTube.
But it's not free.
By the way, contributors to the movie who were promised a DVD
will get their DVD after the movie has had a chance to make a little bit of money
before you subgeniuses go and spread bootleg copies of it
as MP4s all over the dang Internet where everybody will be seeing it for free.
That's fine later, but let Sandy make a little bit of her money back.
It was a very expensive movie because she hired
the very best of her money.
The best people.
And you'll see what I mean.
If you look at it, look at it a couple of times.
Listen to the sound.
Listen to what's going on in the background of the soundtrack
and little effects and throwaway things.
I forget the name of the guy who did that, but he was a great sound mixer.
The music is great.
It's, well, especially the Rudy Schwartz project
that's used at the very end.
But, yeah.
The movie is out.
I'm hoping we'll double our membership sales,
which have actually been pretty good during this coronavirus era.
Isn't that strange?
Everybody's brokered and they've ever been
and they send their last amount,
which I'm not supposed to say on public-supported radio,
to me at our P.O. box
or with our website links.
Anyway, yeah, that movie, the movie is coming.
And you'll see.
It's really fun.
Coincidence?
It's no one ever or everybody always.
Which side are you on?
You'll have to be more extreme than the most extreme extremist.
More fundamental than the most fundamental fundamentalist.
And more progressive than the most progressive.
Progressive, progressive.
If you want their answers.
If you want an answer from Bob,
then I'm quite sure it's less work and cheaper.
But you get to be a fanatic anyway.
It's win-win for Bob.
And that is from the Dobbs Dock Town Mirror,
which is published by Reverend Onan Canabite,
mayor of Dobbs Dock Town,
and the Dobs Dock Town.
Subgenius members can participate in Dobbs Dock Town online
and get free or nearly copies of paper products,
like the Dobbs Dock Town Mirror,
which also says this item of national interest.
Most members of the Church of the Subgenius
take on a new name upon the advent of their initiation.
This is standard practice for any male or female.

The name is not a standard.
It's a standard of the order of mind control called.
What sets ours apart, and above the rest,
is that you're not limited to one persona,
and it doesn't have to be your real self or your best side.
Quite plenty of subgeniuses are jerks
until you meet them in real life.
Or just the opposite.
Praise Bob.
Words of wisdom from the Dobbs Town Mirror.
And now this.
We're going to take you now into that service in progress
where we are sharing on the subject,
Can a Christian be demon possessed?
Friends, the conspiracy all together has something like
50 or 60 thousand nuclear weapons.
How many does the church have?
Only three.
But yet we dare to fight the
We're going to do it.
We're going to fight them.
We don't care how many we get.
Because friends, it's always the crazy people.
It's always the eccentrics, the outsiders,
that are dumb enough to take on the conspiracy.
Oh yes, friends.
Another rule of the church of the subgenius.
Don't just eat that hamburger.
Eat the hell out of it.
Friends, do you know how to have a good time?
Say yes.
Yes!
Do you know how to have a good time?
Yes!
Do you need Bob to have a good time?
Yes!
No! No!
Bob once said, now we're right.
You don't have to have Bob to have a good time.
That's how you know whether you're a subgenius.
If you, do you need Bob?
No!
Then you have Bob in your life, my friends.
Bob has already entered your life.
We can't fight them, but they can't win.
And it's, it's who's like them.
The sorrow of world religions.
Bob is out there, it's the Robin Hood of religions.
Bob's out there scratching a bloody B on the beefy seat of that monstrous conspiracy.
Oh, friends.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Yeah, we're going to tell you a lot about the Men in Black tonight.
This is our Men in Black show.
We have come to make the Bob show.
What are they saying right now, Bob?
Bob, Bob, Bob.
We have come to make you function.
We're not here to destroy.
The Men in Black.
We are here to employ.
We have come to make you function.
So we can eat you at our functions.
Well, we're going to talk about the Men in Black tonight.
Because UFO aliens are already living among us, friends.
That's right.
Evil aliens in the form of subversive Men in Black
are infiltrating Earth secretly, preparing for a takeover of our planet, say the experts.
Electronics expert, Oskar Magoski, reveals that he's traveled through galaxies following their evil plans
ever since he was contacted by friendly aliens ten years ago
and told of the planned takeover.
We cannot identify the Men in Black.
They are humanoid in appearance.
We know them by their actions.
They penetrate every level of life.
The Men in Black wear dark business suits and do the dirty work such as terrorism.
They drive big black cars.
The classic bad guy image.
The Illuminati, however, manipulate politicians and financiers.
You know, friends,
they're all just dancing around the pipe of bulb dobs.
And bulb dobs might be able to change your life.
If you grab this chance,
if you send three lousy guilders,
and what is three guilders nowadays?
It's nothing.
If you send those three guilders to Dallas, Texas,
and we will once more give you the address,
you will be saved.
And you might not believe what happens to you if you're saved.
And that address, once again, my friends, is P.O. Box...
807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
And you can address it personally to Bob.
And it's spelled J.R.
Open quotation marks.
B.O.B.
Close quotation marks.
Dobbs.
Well, that...
Oh, yes, friends.
That...
That was broadcast on a pirate radio station
around midnight of June in Amsterdam, Holland.
Pretty weird, eh?
It gets as far away as Amsterdam,
and we got those three guilders in the mail.
Sure, he makes some saved money.
What did he do to those young women that time?
Well, I think the newspapers exaggerated that.
I know that Bob will do all of the sign in the long run.
In fact, I think I know that we really need Bob in our lives.
In our lives.
In 1981.
And in 1984, my little brother.
And in 1991.
And in 1995, when they bring the conspiracy to its heels.
And in that wondrous year that we know is going to come all too soon upon us.
And we'll leave our earthly things behind,
and we'll go and join the Hexists from God only knows what strange planet they come from,
if they really even exist.
Well, I don't think I know if I need to buy the universe.
But I do believe we'll look outside to see if we're Carwynians.
Subgenius can be cheerful,
but at least such things as godly and noble London



To prettier came on and endless the alleged
I'm going to pretend to fall depending on whether we're rewardians or mediocrities,
but I don't want to get lost in the dark.
I want to tell you something.
Hello there, my friends.
This is Reverend Dr. Sardonicus J. Chaos.
Yes, dear friends.
I have a little case history I'd like to relate to you.
All the names of the people and towns in this have been changed to protect the insane.
This story concerns a former associate of mine, the Reverend Albert Radwell.
He used to be a fine, fine colleague of mine in the church, my own chaotic church of Nege.
And he was doing fine until, well, I'm going to read you excerpts from his journey.
He wrote a journal that he wrote before he was committed.
The first entry here I'm going to read from is dated on December 12th.
It doesn't have a year listed.
I gave my two weeks notice that I am leaving my job at the power plant.
My supervisor was a bit disturbed by this sudden, seemingly motiveless action of mine.
But I feel like I have no choice.
I must leave.
This town is infinite.
Infiltrated by the men in black.
This fanatical group composed of every sort of hideous, hideous people.
And these vermin have had me under observation for the past two weeks.
I knew that they were keeping an eye on me when that black Mercedes, which I have never seen before,
followed me to within half a block from my house.
They must think that.
I know too much about them.
Actually, I know very little about these men in black.
I wish that I knew what they're going to do next, but it's really up to them to make the next move.
Damn it, I feel so powerless, so, so confused.
All I can do is play a waiting game and hope that they don't make their move while I am asleep.
Next entry.
December 17th.
Well, I have lived to see the end of another week.
Next week.
Next week is my last hit to the power plant and my last in this town.
I'm worried that the men in black will send someone after me before I can get out of town.
What are they waiting for?
This not knowing is making me apprehensive.
My telephone has been making strange clicking sounds, and I fear that my conversations are now being wiretapped.
Of course, I have spoken to no one about these men in black, and I do not plan to.
So what will they gain from tapping my phone?
I have no idea.
At what point will all this be over with?
I suspect that they will stop at nothing in order to preserve the security of their organization.
Only time will tell.
I have no idea.

Next entry is December 23rd.
There was an explosion today in one of the plant's generators.
A company official said that sabotage is suspected.
A company official said that sabotage is suspected.
And I have my own suspicions as to the party responsible for this sabotage.
Because my workstation is only 15 meters or so away from the generator in question.
Fortunately, I was at lunch when the blast occurred.
This is making me a nervous wreck.
I'm relieved that this is my last day here at the plant.
After giving the matter some more thought, though, I have decided the explosion was meant only as a warning.
Because they have watched me closely enough to know that I was at lunch.
And therefore I would not be hurt.
How very considerate.
Anyway, this journal goes on and on.
And, uh, apparently, uh, we're not sure what exactly happened to him, but he did end up being committed.
He's our former, former, uh, co-worker here at the church, Dr. Albert Radwell.
And, uh, we don't know whether this, uh, his being committed is a result of, uh, the men in black or his own delusions concerning them.
There's a secret society of scheming aliens that have already gained control of education, politics, private banking, major law firms, and philanthropic foundations.
A researcher, Jerome Eden, explains that evil extraterrestrials will use propaganda to destroy the planet.
And to subvert mankind so that no one will even notice they're in control until it's too late.
This is the Men in Black Show.
The knowledge must have come from outer space.
The knowledge must have come from outer space.
Watch the heavenlies.
It's your spaceship out of control.
Does that sound fearful, my friend?
Would you say, Jesus, a final great space event as Christ returned to the earth?
This is just another one of those kooky concepts that people get and try to pass it off for gospel truth.
You continue to believe in the rapture and look for Jesus Christ.
And you're going to be a man of God.


Because he's coming very soon.
And I seen one of them flying right by over my car.
And they stopped my car.
And they took me in.
And they said, Jimmy, Jimmy, we're real.
We're here.
We're here to help you.
You understand?
We're here to help you and your mother and all those dear to you and your friends and brother Roloff.
And we're going to stop the evil that's going on in the world.
We're going to come down.
And we're going to help those evil people.
And we're going to help those evil people find themselves.
You're going to help us, Jimmy.
You're going to help us.
You're going to tell us which ones are the evil people that we need to correct.
Now, you're going to help us, Jimmy, okay?
And then they got back in their spaceship and they flew off.
And I just found myself in my car again.
And I drove on down to that 7-Eleven.
And my father, of course, he's dead.
But they're keeping the water on him.
He's okay.
They're keeping him cool.
People say I'm crazy.
I don't lie.
He told me.
He said, I see little men.
And he held his fingers like this.
It's illusions.
He said, I see little men about three inches high.
He said, I'm over in Spain or somewhere like that.
He said, I even go over into a place like that.
And he said, I see these little objects and these little men and all these little things.
And if your heart doesn't go out for something like that, I don't want you to know my heart goes out for people like that.
And I want you to know something else.
Those people are actually, you know what they're doing?
Those people are really reaching out, trying to find something.
And if they can just realize that Jesus has the answer, that Christ has everything that they're looking for, and Christ can let them get on high, lift them up and put them on the high way and give them joy and peace in their life.
You'll not want any more joy.
You'll not want any more hell.
You'll not want any more joy.
You'll not want any more hell.
You'll not want any more hell.
Press pop.
Press pop.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
But, friends, let's begin our sermon tonight by looking to the Book of the Subject.
Chapter 11, The UFO Made Me Do It.
For these observations on the men in black.
But first, one short quote.
Stretch forth thy hands on high.
Rescue me and deliver me from the many waters.
From the hands of aliens whose mouths speak lies.
And whose right hand is the hand of falsehood.
Psalms 144.7
And be not forgetful to entertain strangers.
For thereby some have entertained angels unaware.
That was said by St. Paul the contactee.
But.
Ignore all that.
Any sensible subgenius knows that Republican and Democrat are laughably meaningless terms for identical pawns in a bigger game.
What they didn't understand was just how little differences there are between any political parties.
Anywhere on the political spectrum.
Looking in perspective at the whole conspiracy.
From a vantage point several steps back.
From the big screen.
From the circular monster.
They all begin to look the same.
It's a big vice.
With radical and reactionary rioters forming the bottom half.
And a fake establishment at the top half.
And the earth itself is being squeezed in between.
With both subgeniuses and humans getting all smushed up together.
The humans don't seem to mind.
But what's bad is the nature of the things.

The things that are using the big vice.
Every political group claims that under them the people will run things.
But when the people find out what's really going on.
They'll just run.
It wouldn't be so bad if the manipulators were at least human.
If they were at least bipeds.
Now before I say this let me tell you this.
I didn't vote for neither one of them.
One day in the not too distant future.
You funny Americans that play that old funny unethical game.
That goes to the polls with pride and dignity.
And stoop to the lowness of always voting for the lesser of the two evils.
It looks like somewhere that funny history ain't too far back.
That's how them Germans got in trouble.
And let Hitler and them Nazis slip up on them.
And y'all go with pride.

And dignity.
The forces exist without definite form.
But only with an intention.
And a thirst to gain form.
To take on life.
We are what gives them shape.
It is an energy we possess.
Slack.
That they vampirize in order to lock their non-materiality onto our material world.
Their natural energy stems from nothing less than the fitful dreams of the Elder Gods.
And except for top brass, most of our military has no idea that the country is run by puppets
kept dancing by inhuman hands from above.
That the line of control goes upward.
Behind each bigwig in the smoke-filled boardrooms of the conspiracy's New York bunkers is a shadowy consultant telling him how to deal his cards.
And while the human insiders may squabble among themselves, the men in black behind them work as one.
Bob knows.
Bob has sat in on their calm, civilized get-togethers and noticed that the slightest ghastly murmuring from one of these creatures is enough to make a senator break into a cold sweat.
A prime minister suddenly changes tune.
A CIA operative inexplicably decide not to give the complete report.
And when the migraine machine is activated in the brain, the brain is completely paralyzed.

And in those boardrooms, all arguments with the plan are cut short faster than Darth Vader's mind beams can stoke a death car, Captain.
That's not true.
Along with Bob, the pursuit of slack, and a conspiracy of pinks, the subgenius theology includes a vision of the apocalypse.
According to church doctrine, on July 5th, 1912, the subgenius theology of the apocalypse is a vision of the apocalypse.

The evolution of this verse from Scylla,qualified their duty by part of уже died for a long time to save the human race.
The
Nevada
I
Digital
Network
derecho
ف
I mean you black-hearted men and women.
I'm Midnight Ramble.
All Midnight Rambles faces are not black.
What's at harm is as black as midnight.
I'm talking to you.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
It looks like someone's ready to fall victim to our little plan here.
No, I think that Gary has mysterious...
Oh, could this be Gary?
Is this Gary?
Hello!
Who's this?
It's Professor.
I'm Mickey Grant.
Now, how many copies of Book of the Subgenius were you able to distribute, Professor Grant?
39500 Bob Davison.
You released?
Hello?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

That's a crank call.
Excuse me, Professor Grant.
We had the conspiracy trying to break in there.
I know, I know.
It's all the Deng Xiaoping friends.
They always interrupt and cause trouble.
We got 25,000 distributed in a land journal.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.




And in June, we got another 10,000 books out.
They're kind of confused.
Most of them were Muslims, like I said.
I explained to them that Bob Dobbs was a latter-day Muhammad, and they said, oh, hi-ho, hi-ho!
Oh, yes, dear friends.
In case you're totally confused, this is actually a call from our fellow minister who just returned
from the tour of China.
Yes, and our...
And our...


Member in China, Xia Li, is so excited.
I played him the last broadcast, and he's doing much research and talking with the people.
You must remember the people.
He is distributing literature, taking his very life in hand.
Oh, that's Tai Pan.
Li Jing, the Pope of all China, Dr. Grant is referring to, friends.
And this is serious work.
I mean, when you spread the word of Bob in China...
399, oh, 404, do you realize?
No, we won't.
No, we won't.
They can't be released.
Oh, they keep interrupting to stop the broadcast.
All the way from China, their arm reaches out!
Friends, this is the first long-distance calls KANON has ever received from the mainland China.
Friends, we need more martyrs for the church.
If you live in a communist country...
They're reaching out all the way in the U.S. to interrupt and stop all of our work!
And the men in black are working right alongside him.
The whole country is watching.







The whole time.
Yes, evil aliens in the form of subversive men in black
are infiltrating Earth, secretly preparing for a takeover of our planet.
I'm a man.
It's true.
They're even on the Great Wall.
They use the Great Wall as a guidepost to land their ships.
All those sinister men's in black.
The Great Wall spells welcome in the simple alien tongue.
Oh, yes, friends.
Oh, my gosh, they've completely cut us off.
I'm afraid there's only one thing to do in a case like that.
But the other one with the evil face,
he looks like a Nazi.
He's a Nazi.
Did he have on a uniform?
Yes, yes.
Did they have faces?
Like other people?
His eyes are slant.
Angels don't have any emotions.
Doesn't make them any difference either way.
All they're programmed to do is what God tells them to do.
And they'll hearken only to the voice of the Lord Almighty God.
And they are sent to be servants.
They are sent to be...
To be...
Slave and servant to the heirs of salvation.
Ministering spirits.
Sent to minister for those who shall be heirs unto salvation.
Let us note in passing that the true symbol of the conspiracy,
the eye in the pyramid,
was presented to Thomas Jefferson by a mysterious man in black.
The actual emblem for the conspiracy is a plastic spoon, fork, and knife.
Partially crossed in an ill travesty of the Christian cross death sign.
The reason for this stupid logo?
Plastic, because that's the nature of it all.
The eating utensils, because they eat us.
The men in black are cannibals.
Not so much in the sense of devouring human flesh,
for they do that only on special occasions.
But in the sense that they consume our energy.
The men in black die.
They do eat human flesh as often as possible.
And they draw off our psychic juices.
And they're small timers compared to their masters.
And all the angels of God will begin to work and intercede and operate
and look under the affairs around it.
I mean they'll begin to work in every direction.
They don't sleep either.
They're not emotional.
Angels don't...
They don't have any emotion.
All they're programmed to do is what God tells them to do.
And they'll hearken only to the voice of the Lord Almighty God.
The Bible says your angel will not forgive you.
They don't have to come here from heaven.
The Bible said they're all sent forth.
They're all already here.
You've got to have substantial proof or you're just another nut.
Friends, you hear what he said?
You're just another nut.
Unless you've got the secret file.
While we're on, I must say the divival last night at the Fantasy Fair was a resounding success.
I had to carry bags of money out of there.
Some of it was a tad burnt.
But, you know, we had to make certain sacrifices to the gods before we can keep it all.
Who are we talking to on the phone right here?
This is Saint St. DeBrien.
Oh good.
Well, you...
You called back then, didn't you?
Yeah, yeah.
Good for you.
I'm here with Pope Robert de Bob, the Pope on the Rope.
We're here with the 69th Impervious Narcoleptic Church of the Blistered Screaming Hooter of Bob.
Excellent.
Praise God.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You had something about the men in black.
Let me have that again.
Okay.
Well, I'm here to tell you, friends, about how the men in black are taking over our minds by filling us up with factoids.
Little bits of useless information that can do nothing for us.
Because, friends, how awful.
How often have you sat and stared, loose-jawed and mumbling, into that cyclopean's cathode ray slack vacuum,
and awakened to find that six hours had passed, the hours and minutes sucked into the polished, colorful void of TV land like a camp accident of Brenda Vaccaro?
Where did that time go?
Where was your time control then, friends?
And how often have you been forced to spend seven hours in a cramped and mind-numbing room with dozens of pink normals,
adding and indicting the peaceful strains of the night?
And the screams of Lionel Richie falling gently like the silk teddy on a soup commercial model?
And again, you wait to find that the hours have disappeared and your time spent, but nothing is different from before.
But is it? Has nothing changed?
Oh, you poor, poor lost soul.
You're barreling down the slackless freeway that conspiracies set you on,
careening wildly past the JoJo's and fern bars where more false slack is readily available
and clearer $4 bottles of clout.
And you're a grown-up, an individual servings of unsweetened sugar.
You're losing your soul, brother, and you'll probably never miss it till it's gone.
But wait, you say. I'm a pretty bright guy.
I keep up on the world around me. I know what's going on, right?
Oh, son, you're lost and don't even know it.
And why? How did the cons suck your soul out and leave you a used, discarded condom?
It was easy, friend. They stole your ability to dream.
And that was simple, too.
They pumped you full of factoids until there was nothing left but what they filled you up with.
And just what are these factoids?
Well, friends, let me tell you a little story.
Before the dawn of man, when we were all naturally asleep,
our universes suffused with thictoids, the amino acids of the imagination.
We lived dreams, we breathed fantasies, we nocturnally emitted freshets of fancy.
And after the rude awakening,
consumption of thictoids dropped off dramatically, as illustrated on this chart.
Can you see this in the back row?
Oh, yeah. Hold it up higher. I can't see it.
So what happened?
Give me my glasses.
The conspiracists found a way to capture those thictoids that make life bearable
and twist them to their own enslaving purpose.
They codified them into an art which they can control.
No heads can roll in the Iliad without the sappy moral instruction of virtue.
No boffin the queen without progenerating a noble city.
In short, no basic fun without a lesson.
And yet we bought it until the conspiracy came up with something even more insidious.
Facts.
You can't dispute the facts, they'd tell us, because facts are immutable.
They're how the world is.
But they forgot that eventually we'd find out what the facts really were and we'd seize control.
What happened then was obvious.
They panicked.
If they couldn't keep the facts from us, they'd lose control.
What could they do?
Friends, don't believe for a moment that the black boys are stupid.
They saw the way clearly.
They can't kill the facts.
They can't completely control fictions.
So the conspiracy is drowning them all with something more powerful than spermacidal douches,
more insidious than crabs, and more palatable than Coca-Cola.
What is it?
Friends, the conspiracy is pumping us with factoids.
The very stuff of infotainment.
The lip gloss on Vanna White.
None of those people on that are timely to the truth.
What do you mean?
What are you saying?
What are you saying?
I think that, wouldn't that, uh, factoids, didn't that come from Norman Mailer about how
he wrote a book about how he made it with Marilyn Monroe?
Yeah, exactly.
The news about Gavin McCloud and fights between Linda Evans and Joan Collins.
Right.
Yeah.
Ed McMahon's laugh.
They're cable TV millionaires and they don't exist.
Yeah.
Well, thanks a lot.
And thanks a lot for that insight into the men in black, if indeed that was insight into
the men in black.
And we've got a little bit more.
Right.
More up.
It's being aggravated to start a war that will put a stumbling block in the way of a
further development to save the first third dimensional door.
If the Air Force does have a UFO on their hands, where would they hide it?
This hour, Mr. Secretary.
All right.
Where are we, Bob?
The code is broken.
Trouble?
Big.
Security?
I have the code.
I'll take it off for me.
The lid on tight.
Well, take it off for me.
The message is Mars needs women.
Mars needs.
It's a gag.
It's a prank.
It's a fake.
I don't think so, sir.
The door will be saved in time, Bob.
Yeah.
Yeah.

I don't think so, sir.
I don't think so, sir.
Yeah.
Well, that's a little bit more than a radio.
Be careful.

Okay.
Bye.
Bye.






Bye.
Bye.
I like things to be like that.
Things and people can't always be the same.
Hello, I'm a Martian. I hope I speak your language.
This is a recording.
Take me to your leader.
And the ancient Hebrews didn't think it was so funny either
when huge, noisy heliopters abducted and brainwashed Ezekiel and Elijah,
rained diseased frogs on the Egyptians, and turned rivers to blood.
In fact, much of the time they mistook them for Yahweh's angels,
just as today's holy rollers mistake demonic possession for the spirit of Jesus.
The men in black appeared to Abraham to tell him that his barren, aged wife Sarah would bear children, Genesis 18.
Later in Genesis, one of these beings, disguised as an angel, wrestled with Jacob and put his hip out of joint just by touching it.
The Watchers manipulate people and nations in many ways.
The crudest ones drink.
Some drag people into their saucers and hypnotize them.
Others work through dreams, telepathy, seances, automatic writing, Ouija boards, blank recording tape, and microwave beams of pink light used to brain-rape their victims.
I was in one place and I realized that I'd been cut off and shut off in a little tiny room where nobody was listening to me.
Well, our most persistent caller of the night, the Watchers, said,
Gary's on the line.
Are you Gary?
Yeah, I'm Gary.
Okay, Gary, you got a book called what?
Clear Intent.
Okay, let's have some details about the men in black, Gary. Come on, fire it at us.
Well, I've just started reading the book, but I can say one thing.
There was a wave of UFO sightings that occurred during the 70s at military bases.
70% of UFO sightings occur at military bases.
They've been doing all sorts of insidious stuff, and you can believe they're trying to cover it up.
The government don't know what's going on, or do they know what's going on? No one really knows.
I think they're just a little part of what's going on. Remember, Gary, it's one conspiracy.
You know, you could say, okay, Coke is in Red China and Pepsi's in Russia because the Republicans put the concession in Russia and the Democrats put it in Red China.
It's all one conspiracy.
Yeah, I believe that.
All right.
Praise Bob, Gary.
Praise Bob.
Thanks for keeping trying to call us back.
We've had a rugged night.
Okay.
Praise.
The men in black don't want us to tell the truth.
Millions of people have been contacted, and every single one gets a different story.
But what if the stories which the contactees remember are just decoy strategies?
We're not here to destroy.
We are here to employ.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, dear brother.
How can you hate us in our quest for forbidden knowledge?
I just called to say I am one of the men in black.
Oh, we always get excited!
They're all Bob or they're really the men in black or they're really Jehovah's God.
Ha ha!
Hey, but it's true!
It's true!
Yeah, I'll prove it real quick!
Alright, I've been watching you staying and you too, naked.
How would you like a nice FBI investigation?
Bobby has an emergency, 828-9500, will you please...
No, operator, that's a... Please make that guy pay.
Sir?
Make that guy pay. I want that guy's number and I want it on my desk in the morning.
I don't want that guy on the line.
Praise Bob!
Praise, praise, praise!
Millions of people have been contacted and every single one gets a different story.
But what if the stories which the contactees remember are just decoy strategies?
What if the men in black are inflicting some unknown kind of subliminal brainwashing,
with all of these people getting the same instructions implanted secretly, all to be triggered at once, at some crucial time?
Say, just before the X-ist leaves?
Or are we being set up for the sudden unleashing of an army of crazed, gun-toting Manchurian candidates?
Is this perhaps what the Christian rapture means, which the fighting Jesus never discussed?
If the scales dropped from our eyes for a moment, my friends, would we see a sky swarming with demonic entities?
Yes.
I didn't know that I'd been snatched up, and it wasn't really a dream, until I saw these sacred nasal positions.
And suddenly it all came back to me.
And I realized that they'd stolen four and a half hours out of my life,
when they put me in that tiny room and plugged all those wires into me, and made me talk.
And talk. I'll talk tonight. And talk.
Friends and neighbors of planet Earth,
I come to you from a long, long ways off.
I come from a planet that is similar to yours.
Your many fears, tensions, and frustrations are no longer ours.
No time could do as he chose.
In one time, he could extend his finger down into the world of man,
and his swan-tons swirling around as we would stir up a cold fishbowl,
causing events which no man can explain.
Yucca Teasma!
Far.
Yucca Teasma!
Far.
Say, uh, you want some of this Mary Yucca Teasma, partner?
Yes, she's hungry. I'll get the peanut one by the way.
Perhaps the ugliest aspect of the whole business
is that the human conspiracy aids and abets them whenever possible.
These sick traitors to Earth are operating on the same string of promises Hitler was.
That if they play along,
the advanced supersonic Nazi hell creatures from beneath the hollow of hell
would make them lords over a new race of Aryan super-normals.
Of course, oil sheiks are told it will be Arab super-normals,
and African despots are told it will be African super-normals, and so on.
Deep inside the hollow Earth, in Hitler's library,
yes, he still lives, or at least his head does,
there exists a book called Beware of Bob.
For the Church has been fighting the war
against these creatures since Admiral Byrd discovered the entrance
to their domain at the Pole.
And so we find that there are two groups of supernatural teams
exerting influence on the bovine, pliable minds of humans.
The Watchers are the silence group,
attempting to smother our potential to evolve,
and carrying the basic message of lay off.
Our rivals, Jehovah One's shock group,
are saying, get ready!
Trying, in a sense, to condition us to the idea that we are not alone.
One is a cosmic infection, the other a cosmic inoculation.
Somebody's faith is being tested,
and the stark fist of removal is raised in judgment,
poised for a great evacuation,
a movement, an elimination, and a wiping
from the face of the Earth.
Not to be confused with the Rapture, which is a minor thing.
Some geniuses do it nightly.
They rapture in their sleep,
and in the morning are raised incorruptible, yet changed.
But then, the Rapture might be for real,
but more like Night of the Living Dead.
Some geniuses leading the living in battle against these heathen,
false Christian golems,
because Rapture is from the same root word as rape.
Oh, hear ye, ye of the deaf ear!
The Lord saith, Heads up!
And the people will feel the lash of the thousand scourges
of the tribulations, even, yea, lo!
Verily unto the final rapture
of the equilibrium of the scales of time,
Omicron Epsilon,
the vision beholding itself.
Repent, ye mockers!
Elijah puffeth scornfully on his pipe, though he smileth.
Wake up! Get off your butt!
The Church of the Subgenius heals ruined members of a crumbling society,
and you'll laugh all the way to the fully equipped biohazard bunker
when Bob lets you in on the real joke.
See subgenius.com for shipping details.
The Dobbs Town Mirror is published by
Reverend Onan Canabot, mayor of Dobbs.town.
See Dobbs.town.
And, friends,
you can tune in to the Subgenius Television Ministry on
OSI 74 on Roku Network.
The Roku Network, OSI 74.com
Subgenius Television
mounted by Dr. Philo Drummond.
The Hour of Slack can be heard in Santa Cruz,
Dade City, Florida, Atlanta, Georgia,
somewhere in Idaho, Cleveland, Ohio, and
Knoxville, Tennessee on Wheel Radio, and
it can be heard as a podcast on FreethinkRadio.com.
There's also NationalCynical.com
and TimeForTheShow.com.
There's also the Internet.
And, the Internet is a place where you should
always be speaking of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And, Weirdsville Records in
Mt. Clemens, Michigan,
north of Detroit,
the greatest record and weirdness store in the country.
And, at QuiveringBrain.com,
you can find
everything Dr. Philo Drummond
has ever liked or disliked.
That's
quite a lot of stuff.
A powerful, powerful
prophecy.
