I'm sorry for what I'm about to do. I'm sorry.
Look, you got a nice good look.
Look, I didn't do anything.
You got a nice good look.
What you did.
I'm sorry.
Hey, come on, don't. It's not going to solve anything.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
As soon as you turn your back, everything in the universe snaps itself inside out with a hideous sucking motion.
Oh, listen to that slack, dear friends.
This is it.
The subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
Right in your ear.
The subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
The subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
The subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
The subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
The subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
The subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
Yeah, a small day.
I might have a small day tomorrow.
I kind of doubt it.
But it's possible.
Small days.
Who needs them?
Yeah, if it happens, it happens.
Now I don't know where the model is or where the song should end.
But I wonder just how many wars have fought between good friends.
And those who gave the orders, they are not.
The ones to die.
It's Scott and Mac Donald and the likes of you and I.
That's right, dear friends.
You're in big trouble.
It's gonna be tough.
It's gonna be bad.
It's gonna be bad.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.

Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.
Oh.







Don't.
See.
We.
Be.
In.
...
Let's make it work, sir.
You'll get a much better may tapping noise.
No, I won't!
mannersum a third way
Ultimately, what, what know ye of the purity, of the essence, of the прирty.
Excuse me.
Did you say kill me?
I'm sorry I killed you, Fidgett.
You're very.

It's satisfying though.
Well, of course, I am the supreme being.
I'm not entirely dim.
I don't understand.
Well, you kiddies.
It's amazing that you boars and ghouls keep coming back for more.
You must be gluttonous for punishment.
Well, I guess you bloodsuckers enjoy being repulsed.
You're loyal to the gore.
Well, that's good.
We don't want any dead wolves in our fraternity of fright bands.
He's a drunkard.
Listen.
I feel the power of evil coursing through my veins,
spinning every corner of my...
being with a desire to do wrong.
We're about to start.
Get ready to play.
Follow along,
cause it's a wonderful day.
Welcome to the world.
It's a wonderful day.
Hi.
Sit up real straight and you'll feel fine.
Sit up straight.
Lift up your chin.
Put a smile on your face.
Lift your chin and smile.
Sit with a smile on your face.
Get outside first.
Phillip Smith Throw an adversity's。
Rule number three.
Don't forget when the ball rides the wall,
you're gonna believe it.
The ball once it essentials are place freak.

Go mois sake,
in action.
The sun can see every blow.

the hell is that supposed to me you have to do some things and the first thing I
have to do is convince you that it is worth doing these things you have to do
some things the first thing I have to do is convince you that it is worth doing
these things now I'm gonna start out by convincing you that you have to do some
things and the first thing i have to do is convince you that it is worth doing these things
what the hell is that supposed to mean
now maybe this is just some sort of twisted game for you problem is you're the only one
who knows the rules ford's all i'm asking you to do is open your mind and look at this objectively
i would just like to say open wide now i'm coming to gobble you up
no no no
how you how little monkeys learn what big monkeys do pleasure's mine bob
in a moment we'll learn how that event ended what the hell is that supposed to mean quiet little
i will bust you down to sergeant so fast it'll make your head spin all right one of the two
of you just get the hell out of here the best chance you ever had and you blew it
what the hell are you doing
you're giving us a chance to talk don't blow it friends give me a chance to to talk to you
actually i have nothing to say i i really want to get back to uh back to my computers they're my
only friends my little my big computers and it's a whole other world on the other side of the screen
it does my
bidding. I like that world better. They like, they love Bob more there in nerd computer geek land.
Actually, friends, I was, I was looking for a rerun to play, but, and I found so many of them
that I decided to just sit down and sort of collage together several reruns, but then I
got this tape from Yetis for Bob, and he had done, that's Reverend Phil there in Milwaukee,
had done this amazing collage, and we've got more of Hate for a Pink Planet here, which I'll
stick on next, I think, from Reverend Cthulhu. So, I mean, really, we're set. We've got, it's a,
it's a mind trip of a freak out happening subgenius slacky
thing.
It's a, it's wild and crazy, man. It's a wacky slack trip. God, why am I talking that? What,
what demon is possessing me to, to, to, it's probably the lack of background music. I don't
know, friends.
And that motive is best developed by recognizing the common enemy, and that common enemy is the
peak. I say that common enemy is the peak. When you think you and I are getting together,
it is because we have begun to realize that we have a common enemy, and the only time we'll be
able to come together with a common objective and a common goal is when we first develop a common
motive.
And the only
way to focus on that common enemy and the only reason why certain trying to move a party is to get rid of the pink
line between the two.
It's a getting all of an order.
Everybody thinks he's got to be with elixir delivery.
No!
We want to be separated from the pain.
In short, we don't want to be segregated by the pain.
We don't want to be integrated with the pain.
No!
We want to be separated from the pain.
Now maybe this is just some sort of twisted game for you.
Problem is, you're the only one who knows the rules.
I'm pressing the play button now.
Go! Tell me where you're on it! Tell me!
Down my throat!
Oh my God!
And now we're about to come to the religious beast, a living creature.
Who?
Well, if they worship the dragon, let that be a bit of a clue, alright?
I'm ready when you are.
In a moment, we'll learn how that event ended.
Some people...
Some people may be very emotionally distraught.
Other people will be frantically running around trying to do something.
I think someone has been shot!
Ouch!
Oh yeah!
This is the confusion, this is Babel, to those that do not have eyes to see.
I can jump like a frog, I can hop like a bunny.
I can rock on my back, I can roll on my tummy.
But my favorite game for an indoor day is the freeze.
You are about to experience a totally new dimension in sound.
No lesser work than the overthrowing of creation itself.
We will remake man in our image, not his.
Let's not give them that chance


What's that?
Don't be so ...
What?
Don't do that toose.
Tike me off.
I'm not playin'.
Hi, Roman.
above all around you when you wear headphones.
X, X, X.
So, put on your headphones.
You should be hearing me in your right ear.
If not, reverse your headphones.
You should now be hearing me in your left ear.
So now, sit back and enjoy a new dimension in sound, the Kunskopf binaural sound experience.
X, X, X, X.
I, effective.
Done, done, continue.
Who are we?
I was born a, guava.
What, what, guava?
What?
What?




Why?
That's a good question, Michael Pepe.
Well, you know, dear friends,
it's sort of like this.
Now, children, let's talk about
what makes you so genius, shall we?
Yeah!
Yeah!
But before we do, children, let's get down.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Oh.
Usually, children, the Pueblo Wall in New York
preaches in a suit, but he believes that Southerners
know what a preacher looks like,
and I don't have to wear a costume to convince you
that I can preach a word of God.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Now, some genius children is obviously
someone who follows Bob.
He's obviously someone who needs slack.
He or she is obviously someone who's
a man of honor, someone who fights a conspiracy.
Yeah!
But what else is a subgenius?
Well, I've been studying on this matter, children.
The first thing you can say about a subgenius is that
subgeniuses are shy egomaniacs, children.
The next thing I think you can safely say about subgeniuses,
and the Pueblo Wall in New York is a subgenius,
is that subgeniuses can dish it out,
but they can't take it.
So, you can be a subgenius in public,
and subgeniuses will be uniformly misanthropic,
like this subgenius here.
Or they'll be uniformly withdrawn and apoclyphic,
like this subgenius here.
They don't like their fellow man or woman,
and they're extremely discriminating.
But at the same time, if you went to one of these subgeniuses
and you said, you're an a**hole,
well, that subgenius would go home and sob into his or her pillow.
His feelings would be so hurt.
Subgeniuses have very thin skin, children,
and believe me, the Pueblo Wall in New York knows where Avi speaks.
But there is one place where we do not have thin skin, children.
There is one place where we have the skin of an armadillo
on top of the skin of an alligator,
on top of the skin of a hippo,
on top of the skin of an elephant.
And do you know where that is, children?
That's when we confront the conspiracy.
When the conspiracy comes, children,
the Pueblo Wall is clad in that bob armor.
Now, children, children, children,
a lot of people, they say to me, day.
They say to me, rip, day.
They say to me, Pueblo Wall, New York City, day.
What is the most efficient and direct method
by which I can confront the conspiracy on one hand
and become a true subgenius on the other?
Children, children, children,
the answer is deceptively simple.
The answer is in front of you, children.
The answer is as near as a feed dog
or a crotch print on those children.
Of course, I'm talking about the book of Nassau, G.S.!
We printed by Simon & Schumer at 9.95
at better bookstores everywhere.
I guarantee you, you will never read every word in it, children.
Now, children, I think you all know
what happened on July 5, 1998.
I think you all know that that's the day
the X-Men come down.
And you know, children, the X-Men,
they're businessmen.
They're simple businessmen,
just like Bob is a businessman.
And all they want, children, is real estate.
They want real estate, children.
And they have a contract for the planet Earth,
the X-Men, and they have the means to repossess it.
Do you know who stands in their way?
Who?
Do you know who stands in their way?
Who?
Say Bob, children.
Who is it that stands in their way?
Who stands in their way?
Who is it that stands in their way?
Bob only stands in their way with your health, children.
Bob only stands in their way when you tithe to Bob
that which is Bob.
Bob only stands in their way when
you buy them a car, the subgenius!
9.95 at better bookstores everywhere.
Or you go to the table, where my will-o-law,
I buy T-shirts, bumper stickers, buttons, badges,
and a pair of shoes.
And then you arise, videotaped.
Now, children, a long time ago,
when the Church of the Subgenius began,
1998 seemed as far away as your day.
But now, children, it's only ten years hence.
Ten years hence, children.
Ten little years.
And you may, those of you who like to read Nostradamus,
think that plagues are going to be visiting us in those ten years, children.
Drought, fire, war.
But, children, the plagues of the next ten years
will not be externally derived, children.
They will be internally derived.
They'll be the plague of sitting at home
and watching your tape
when you should be making Bob art,
when you should be corresponding with other subgeniuses,
when you should be buying from Bob
and tithing to the sacred P.O. box.
The conspiracy, children, wants to break us apart,
make us function as that all-important consumer unit individual,
and get rid of us.
But there's a man, children,
a man with a pipe.
And he's waiting, children.
He's waiting to save you.
But it's up to you, children, to open your heart to God.
It's up to you, children, to let Bob come in.
It's up to you to see the value in God.
And now, children, in closing,
I'm going to quote from the great subgenius saint Lester Bangs.
I'm going to read you something, children.
This was written upon Elvis' death, children.
So be patient with me and listen to this.
If love is truly going out of fashion forever,
then along with our nurtured indifference to each other
will be a more even contemptuous indifference to each other's objects of worship,
like Bob.
We will continue to fragment in this matter
because solipsism holds all the cards at present.
It is a king whose domain engulfs even Elvis.
But I can guarantee you one thing, children.
We will never agree on anything.
As we agreed on Elvis.
But children, the fact is that just as this church has an infallible pope,
it has a fallible saint.
And in that regard, Lester Bangs was mistaken.
Because there is one thing, one man, one entity
we will agree on as we agreed on Elvis.
And who is that man?
Bob!
Who is that man?
Bob!
Who is that man?
Bob!
Who is that man?
Bob!
Children, that man is Bob.
And Bob is there for you.
Bob loves you.
Bob needs you.
Bob wants to help you.
Bob wants to fight the conspiracy.
Bob wants to bring you far.
Bob wants to grant you slack.
That's right.
With the help of the Reverend Ivan Stang.
With the help of Court Holland.
I'm forward, Court.
With the help of the Reverend Sternodocs.
You're going to help me help the Cali Lodge Christmas City First Climbers
help me survive Corral.
Come on, knock this wicked
kitchen out of the tarmac and bring the
brought, bringing the
Priest's Ogletedor.
Blah Blah Blah.
And he had to find a way to get this.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Yes, dear friends, we were just listening to Pope David N. Meyer
at the New Orleans World Science Fiction Convention in 1987,
and this is Brother Cleve Donut Duncan.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
I'm a star
I'm a star
I'm a star
I'm a star
We don't want the end to come
We want to be honest
I'm a star
I'm a star
I'm a star
I'm a star
I'm a star
I'm a star
I'm a star
I'm a star
Oh, yes.
We want to be separated from the heat.
In short,
we don't want to be segregated
by the heat.
We don't want to be integrated with the pink.
We want to be separated from the pink.
Cast off those crutches and crawl with pride!
Always the one who opposes your rights is the normals.
Normal, blue-eyed, blonde-haired, dance-melon normals.
He puts his club upside your head. He doesn't care whether you're a Methodist or Methodist.
But he does want to know whether or not you're a subgenius.
Because he knows if you're a Methodist or a Methodist, you're going to burn the other sheep.
You're going to sign love your enemy.
You're going to fight for your country.
You're going to pray for them that they're fighting to use you.
So he's not worried about you.
But he knows that you're a subgenius.
You're not going to turn the other sheep.
If you pray for them, you'll pray they kill them.
Or help you to kill them.
That's the only kind of prayer you'll pray.
Always the one who opposes your rights is the normals.
Normal, blue-eyed, blonde-haired, dance-melon normals.
Normal, opting out, all being us.
That's the only right that people make you.
If you pray,
Not
Or
You need a normal.



in the other team. If you pray for him, you pray that Bob kills him or Bob helps you to kill him.
That's the only kind of prayer you'll pray.
And our day is the freeze.
They'd say take the hose to all of them.
I might have, but the guilty one came into the room and stood before my desk.
Okay, I did it.
Was he scared?
Oh, terrified.
Well, then he ought to be thrashed.
No, if he needed a thrashing, I'd have given it to him.
I keep a length of rubber hose on my desk
for when the wind blows.
When that kind of punishment is needed.
If he needs it, you use it.
Well, I will, but let me explain.
In a moment, we'll learn how that event ended.
I don't understand. What happened?
This is a situation unlike any experience by modern man.
Yes, sir.
That's the, uh, 47.
E-I-E-I-O.
We're gonna quack right here and then quack right there.
Folks, you are looking at a real-life drama.
Quack right here, quack right there.
Uh-huh.
I gasped with amazement as I fell back asleep.
E-I-E-I-O.
E-I-E-I-O.
E-I-E-I-O.
E-I-E-I-O.
We're all late for work.
Come on, don't confuse people.
I was listening on the radio and probably two people crashed right now as you said that,
thinking, I'm late, I'm late crash.
We talked about doing it.
We talked about doing it.
We talked about doing it.
We talked about doing it.



We talked about doing it.

Yeah, maybe.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Maybe.
You know.
We'd leap up and bite ourselves in the ass.
Are we not radio?
E-U-radio.
E-U-radio.
Did you say kill me?
E-U-radio.
Yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Well, anyway, it doesn't matter how I say it.
It's just so...
Let's see you come out of that.
Oh, it's an ugly, ugly situation.
Who's making all that noise?
Who's making all that noise?
Who's making all that noise?
.
Who's making all that noise?
.
I am made entirely out of uncooked beef.
100% first quality top of the line beef.
Let them look, I'm proud of who and what I am.
I am made entirely out of uncooked beef.
I thank God for every day of the week.
I am made entirely out of uncooked beef.
Yes, there's the frap.
There's the frap.

There's the frap.
There's the frap.
At least let me have the frap if I can't smoke.
I'm ashamed to stand inside this place.
You say you gotta learn to swallow disappointments in a sad life.
I am so mercifully free of the ravages of intelligence.
No, son.
Robert, we must plan a new world together.
This time we'll start it properly.
And again in Ruth 16.23 we read,
For we shall gain great comfort from this,
that he who shall turn his head from the brightness of the Lord
shall have it loose from his neck.
And since we have time for today,
let's close now the passage from Ezekiel 12.14.
Pfft.
Pfft.
Hmm.
Busy, busy, busy.
Want a cup of coffee?
You don't have a bathroom, do you?
Don't pump me.
You know how things go.
Hey, hey.
Yippee!
Brr.
Pfft.
Hmm.
Busy, busy, busy.
Want a cup of coffee?
You don't have a bathroom, do you?
Don't pump me.
You know how things go.
Hey, hey.
Yippee!
Brr.
Pfft.
Everybody knows you run round town.
All my friends.
What you doing?
Way back.
Whoa, whoa.
Way up.







Oh, dear friends, that was Michael Pepe.
Okay.
For in those days shall be affliction, that's tribulation,
such as was not from the beginning of the creation.
I've just realized what a sinner I've always been.
By age six, he had made his first million.
Almost biologically.
In college, he met and married his first and still his primary wife, Connie,
who is now revered by female subgeni as the blessed anti-virgin.
With Connie's encouragement, the young Dobbs became a salesman of legendary
and almost frightening abilities,
known to his peers as the man who could sell anything.
He worked his way up to the very top of the conspiracy ladder
and might have saved him.
But.
Late one night in 1953,
while working on an amateur television of his own design,
an event occurred which was to become a milestone in man's mind path to slack.
He was suddenly seized up in the spirit by the hand of Jehovah One itself,
the cosmic puppeteer of the Old Testament,
the wrathful alien space god from some corporate sin galaxy.
In this time,
he was given a timeless moment,
which we call the divine immaculation of the Bob.
Dobbs received the first of countless grain-curdling pronouncements
which form the sacred prescriptures of the church.
He was shown a vision,
a world where all humanity was equally wealthy,
rich beyond imagining,
but without working.
This experience,
combined with his UFO-given sales magic,
led him, inevitably, into the religion,
into the religion field.
He quickly discovered the golden rule embodied in his classic saying,
they'll pay to know what they really think.
The true subgenius can learn to think for himself,
but only Bob can show him how.
And so, Bob Dobbs founded his church upon a sandy beach of common sense,
sense of humor,
and dollars and cents.
Let's go over that again.
You say this,
this photograph was taken by one of our secret operatives.
It shows Ivan Stang in a rather compromising position.
I think you'll admit that...
Yes, that's right.
I think you will admit it.
Oh, wrong one.
Wait, let me see that one again.
Well, this should be submitted for your approval.
Aha, yes, this is Reverend Ivan Stang
in a very compromising position...
In a very indiscreet position, wouldn't you say?
...with a goat wearing a Ronald Reagan mask.
Not Mr. Stang.
Not Mr. Stang, but the goat.
And not his member.
I believe it's a calf, a bull calf.
But the goat.
It is a calf.
It's a calf, a golden calf wearing a Ronald Reagan mask.
There's Ivan Stang cow-matching the golden calf.
Now, you see something that is obviously illicit drugs
in a bowl placed below the calf's mouth.
The female calf.
And there, Ivan Stang, in an act of some type of degraded
and depraved propitiation to some hideous god,
some elder god of ancient lore...
You heard it here first on the subdues.
...remes.
Yes, can I say it?
You can.
It's late enough.
That's what he's doing.
He's viciously...
He's committing animal husbandry.
...until six o'clock in an hour and ten minutes.
...animal husbandry without the husband.
Yes, or maybe on the husband, for all we know.
It's a disgusting sight, and this is going to rip the church wide open, just like the
Swaggered Revelations, just like the...
Years ago...
...Baker...
...when the churches were fun and there were scandals and revelations...
...and the sun...
...it was a different world then.
...and the forests...
We enjoyed the show and hope you do too.
Fitting the show into the show hole, scrubbing gently.
...millions of years ago.
Jimmy Swaggered actually called me up last week on the phone.
He goes, Brother Stang, I've got to share something with you.
I have to confess something, because I got caught.
I mean, my conscience caught up with me.
I got a mighty big favor to ask you.
He goes, Reverend Stang, you remember that wild party you and I had with Jim Baker's
wife, Tammy, and those faithful young church secretaries in New Orleans?
And I said, yo, yes, sir.
He says, well, I'm ashamed to admit, I didn't invite you to the last one.
And he says, I went by myself.
And Brother Stang, they got pictures of me.
And I said, I know, Brother Swaggered, I have copies of those pictures too.
And I have some that are a lot more revealing.
He says, Brother Stang, that's why I called you.
And he goes, I may be a man of the cloth, but I'm also a man.
And beds are partly made of cloth, aren't they?
So I'm going to have to step down, Reverend Stang, for two years.
And the Lord told me you're the only one who's man enough to replace me.
But before you accept, I want you to think about all them lonely,
widder women out there, divorcees, young, confused church secretaries
that all need personal ministering.
It takes a lot out of you, Reverend Stang.
He said, it ain't easy.
It's tough asking people to be more than human and then having to live up to it yourself.
And I said, sir, with the power of Bob Dobbs, anything.
Anything is possible.
And Jimmy Swaggart said to me, who's Bob?
I said, oh, you know, down here in Texas, Jimmy, everybody's got Bob for part of their nickname.
Billy Bob, Joe Bob, Jesus Bob, you know, Jesus Bob, that's what we call him.
He said, oh, yeah, well, we're going to go on with it then, you see.
Take over my ministry, Reverend Stang.
Changing my ways.
Listen to this.
Listen to this.
Listen to this.
Listen to this.
What I'm going to tell you now may shock some of you, but it's the truth.
I was in the rock music scene.
I was a part of it for years.
I was a musician.
I was a singer.
Singing about what the kids want.
The hip.
Speed and pop.
Sex outside of marriage.
Said old masochistic sexual techniques involving leathers, razors, and spiked heels.
Money.
The stink and the stench and the filth and the rot and the bondage and the darkness.
Sports.
Listen to this.
One of the greatest days of my life.
This particular night I was there with crowd control.
That coliseum was packed to capacity with tens of thousands of people.
Thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands.
The air was heavily laden with marijuana.
And it was so thick, you could get high in just a few places.
You would even get high walking through it.
And the scene was straight out of Banner's Inferno.
It was like animals.
It was like dogs sponsoring this huge.
Stravaganza will be some of the mightiest corporations in the United States of America.
But give my body to this group until it was black and white.














I mean it.
I'd get down on my hands and knees.
I'd give them anything they wanted.
They're like God.
They're even better than God.
Listen to this.
Listen to this.
To be blunt.
You will, after the show is over, you'll go backstage and let these animals do about anything they want to do to you.
So what?
It would be worth it to me.
Listen to this.
Listen to this.
Listen to this.
Listen to this, dear friends.
Listen.
Brother Swigert, what a man.
What a man.
Thanks to Reverend Gordon Truby up there in New York for that special edit.
But you know it's true.
It's all so true.
So true.
You know, the only part I meant to ask Brother Swigert about was the lasers.
When he was talking about leathers, lasers, and spiked heels.
I miss the laser part.
I know what to do with the leather.
I know what to do with the spiked heels.
Oh, I say do that again.
But the lasers, my friend.
Now, the only thing I knew what to do with a laser with was to take the front brain out of a bobby so that he'd follow orders correctly.
Yes, dear friends.
Well, Brother Swigert will be back in three months or two months.
I forget what it is.
Unless I can beat his record at moral failure and long-term success.


You know, I'm a big fan of the husband's sexual misconduct.
And I know that there's wives out there praying that their husband's sexual misconduct could be longer term.
About the only slack that I get anymore is worshipping at the holy temple of the Yoni.
And...
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.

Ahhhhh!
A stroke of chuckle!
The 부� unexpected tell a wise story.
I'm in trouble.
Again, when I'm looking at the taste.
Two or three times they grab me after calling a wife, and s- dodge me coffee.

ikumir Greater Ill afar, you need to think up possibleyo.


And men and women wearing the clothes of the opposite sex.
It's abomination.
And whosoever do it is abomination.
And there's more people today.
Their minds are perverted.
Their life is perverted.
And they've been given over to a reprobate mind.
So many people today, even people that aren't homosexual,
their minds are perverted.
It's filled with filth.
And it's filled with all the ungodliness and wickedness
that comes from the pit of hell.
And you see it on television.
You see it in the movie houses.
And you see it on the market stand.
Hey, and how about pornography?
In shucks, all you have to do is look around you.
Female body parts are available just about anywhere.
Or pick up some picture books with a free orifice included.
Miracles of Engineering, yours for the plugging.
If you don't mind the smell of vinyl.
The End
Now Mama's on the bottom and Papa's on the top.
Baby's in the crib, a-hollin', pour it to her pop-jump.
Hey, Bubba-ree-bob.
Hey, Bubba-ree-bob.
Hey, Bubba-ree-bob.
Hey, Bubba-ree-bob.
Hey, Bubba-ree-bob.
Hey, Bubba-ree-bob.
Yes, my baby knows.
Now sea is sea and land is land.
Can't get my boogie, I can get it by hand.
Hey, Bubba-ree-bob.



Hey, Bubba-ree-bob.
Hey, Bubba-ree-bob.
Hey, Bubba-ree-bob.
Hey, Bubba-ree-bob.
Hey, Bubba-ree-bob.

Yes, my baby knows.
Bob, in fact, is sex.
An all-encompassing sex that is the very in-ness and surrounding-ness of the union of both the limum and the uni.
Get the hell off my back and stop handing me that bullshit!
Hey no thicker.
resources on it
climbed out
You said that so quickly.
What about you?
You got a bad
feeling,
baby?
I the power rules.
Yeah, seeت ultimate power in every oùs sword b ada.
But the very 수ł димоязийание is complete.
Hey baby knows.
with the accompaniment of the lovely Sterno Kekkenbrunnen.
Now then children, the first rule of the Church of the Subgenius is
the subgenius must have SLIGHT!
What must he have?
Right children, he or she must have SLIGHT!
The second rule of the Church of the Subgenius I think you know children,
and that is that too much is always better than not enough!
Can I get a too much?
What's it always better than?
Thank you children.
The next rule of the Church of the Subgenius
is so universally violated, it is broken so often,
so much violence in your face, especially in this convention,
that you can't believe it's a rule at all, but it is children.
The third rule of the Church of the Subgenius is
if you don't have a sense of humor, don't try to be funny!
The next rule of the Church of the Subgenius takes a little bit of explaining,
but I don't mind explaining these things,
but first,
I want to go too far children,
I should point out that the Pope of all New York doesn't practice what he preaches,
because I'm not the kind of man I'm preaching to!
So the first rule of the Church of the Subgenius is
you will pay to know what you really think!
What do we mean by this children?
Well, let's say you want to go see a movie,
and you get your New Yorker in the mail,
and you turn to that Pauline Taylor Terence Rafferty review,
and you read what he or she has to say about it,
well you've paid to know what you really think.
Or let's say you want to go to one of the many lovely bars here in the islands,
and you pick up that free monthly music magazine,
and you read a review there,
before you go with children,
you've paid to know what you really think.
And children, when you tithe to buy that which is Bob,
your money,
again, you have paid to know what you really think,
but for once children, you will get value for your dollar.
That's right!
That's right!
Now that's the fifth rule of the Church of the Subgenius,
you've heard before tonight,
but it carries repeating,
it's a shameless row around for children,
but I'm not above it.
The fifth rule of the Church of the Subgenius is,
if they can't take a joke!
The wolf also shall dwell with the lamb,
and the leopard shall lie down with the cute,
and the calf and the young lion,
and fatling together,
and a little child shall leave the house.
And the cow and the bear shall feed.
Their young ones shall lie down together,
and the lion shall eat straw like the ox.
And the sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp,
and the weaned child shall put his hand on the cockatrick's den.
They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain,
for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord,
as the waters cover the sea.
Yes, sir.
Don't you like me?
Oh, no, I like you.
I like you well enough.
Then why won't you keep me?
You're afraid, aren't you?
I'm not afraid.
Now, ladies and gentlemen,
it's my pleasure to pray to you,
somebody that's for the real people,
the down people,
the whores,
the pimps,
the man that's gonna do the best he can,
the man Dolomite.
Thank you, brothers and sisters
of the Fast Freedom Party
for nominating me, Dolomite, for your president.
I'm not gonna lie to you like the rest of those mothers.
I'm not promising you a chicken in every pot.
I'm not coming to you with no heavy heart.
I'm not promising to make everything perfectly clear.
I'm not promising you a damn thing.
But if I am elected,
I promise to legalize prostitution,
legalize marijuana,
legalize stealing,
legalize stealing,
and any other thing you want to do.
You heard me, and you heard me right.
I'm gonna be running this country
as President Dolomite.
Because I'll have a constitution
to legalize prostitution.
Fantastic things have already happened,
and more are getting ready to happen.
This is because the planet on which you're residing
has entered the space age.
You are a most unusual individual,
and decidedly in the minority.
Oh, another victim of confusion?
Decidedly.
I remember I was talking to a little girl the other day
who was in high school,
and she told me she had heard
they taught her all about communism in high school.
And they taught her all about Jesus.
And oh yeah, she knew all about illicit drugs
and how to smoke pot.
She hadn't heard anything about the word of Bob,
or the bleeding head of the World Cup golfer.
It's just disgusting what the sexual chauvinists
have done in our public school.
Friends, it is disgusting,
but you, you can break the horrible pattern.
You can learn about Bob
by writing forth a free information.
Information.
Got that pencil ready?
Just ask Bob
at post office box 140306
in beautiful Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob at P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
Or email slack at subgenius.com.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
And I am going to count to three.
And when I count to three,
I would like you to visualize,
to see those plates filled with those anxieties
and worries and things,
knowing that they are going to be lifted off
and that they are going to be taken care of.
For they shall see, God.
Get still.
Cast off the straitjacket of hyper normality.
Die.
All of you suffering slackless souls in the radio audience,
I want you to hear me now.
The conspiracy is trying to keep the healing powers
of slack enhancement therapy away from you.
Tune us in on the radio, die.
We got charisma, we got style.
Well, people, we'll make you feel better for a while.
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio.
Aborted fetuses that we rescued, huh?
Immortality.
Oh, come on.
Well, here they come.
Stay down, here they come.
Scary little ugly things.
That's a heliopter.
I don't understand why our own church sends these things in
to try to kill us on our own show.
Well, it's part of the dogma.
Your own show will try to kill thee.
If I can't talk, I'll vote.
How do I know I can't think anymore?
Because that's the way it is.
Just trying to remember something.
Oh, I can't breathe anymore.
What did you say?
I can't breathe.
I don't understand.
Oh, yeah, I've seen people do that.
They think they need more.
You must be thankful.
As soon as you turn your back,
everything in the universe snaps itself inside out
with a hideous sucking motion.
The only reason you cannot call the world impossible
is because it is only through the world
that you know the concept of impossibility.
You have been led to believe that everyone feels
he or she may be the only living consciousness.
But you are in fact the only one for whom this is true.
The fundamental structure of reality
is totally transformed every instant.
But it provides you with a phony memory
that it has always been the way it is.
Since you are always the same,
you are always at the exact center of an infinity.
There is no such thing as movement, location, space, or time.
You are a row of electrochemical events
taking place in your cerebrum.
Nothing has meaning in itself,
but everything can support any meaning.
If you could glimpse for even a moment
the real meaning of existence,
your brain would be neuroanatomically
destroyed.
You cannot conceive a thing
for which you do not have a word.
Everyone's perception is radically unique,
but leads them to believe
it is more or less similar for everyone else.
You have always been listening to this tape.
You cannot remember a time before you were born
because there was no such time,
nor any other.
It has always been this moment.
Death could occur inexplicably any second.
The oddness of the world
exceeds the imagination by an infinity.
It has produced this talking about it,
this talker,
this labeling of it,
this labeler,
the concept of labeling,
the concept of oddness,
the word oddness.
The concept of a word,
the word word,
the word concept,
and the concept of a concept.
Consciousness is not a continuous state,
but a momentary surfacing for variable periods
at random points.
Your next awakening could be 20 years from now.
Nothing can be proven to be true.
Because reality is composed of...
only small moments.
There is no such thing as an event.
