And it's your mind, dear friends.
Okay, okay, have at it.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which will make you feel like you're in a dream.
It reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius.
Hour of Swatch.
Welcome potential initiates and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
The practice of hallucinatory drugs was big back in then
and they were hearing these messages that the Beatles were placing backwards.
They've already ran.
They've already rounded us up like cattle.
Herded us into forced slave labor camps
and replaced our names with urine test results numbers.
Only most of us didn't notice
because at the end of the day they still let us clock out,
go home to our cell blocks and punch in again for a few minutes of quality time
with the spouse and the kitties or the drugs and TV or all four.
The takeover, the domestication we believe they call it,
happened so gradually.
So quietly and so thoroughly
that even if you happen to know who Bob Dobbs is
that's him right there
you might not even care.
And of course there's considerable pressure on you from all sides
keeping you from caring whether you care or not
and it's so much easier to just quit fighting it
and do nothing but stand there supporting that weight
rather than stagger around looking like an idiot
but at least trying to get out of it.
And I'm not saying that you can't get out from under it.
But you're used to it.
You can take it.
It's a living.
You'll just go on about your job doing as you're told.
Getting along, playing the game, making the best of it.
Why not?
Nothing's left.
Elvis is dead.
Hendrix is dead.
John Holmes is dead.
The Marlboro Man has cancer.
Love and kindness are purchased commodities.
Even the gay baby whales are endorsing.
Big oil companies.
Rock and roll is a beer commercial.
Punk is a hairstyle.
All the starving people in the world want back what they think you took
but you're supposed to work like a dog just to keep what you probably only think you have.
You can't even die legally, friends.
You can run but you can't hide.
Ronald McDonald, Joe Camel, and Ollie North are cultural heroes.
And narco music bleats forever.
The Beaver grew up and married his mom.
What in the creeping hell is going on?
Conspiracy to conceal information by leaving it mislabeled in plain sight
dooms billions to lifelong servitude under sole vampire pseudo-deities created by the ones they enslave.
But we've got excuses for hate, dear friends.
The cop computers are syncing up the homestretch crackdown on us.
On all weirdness, before 1998, you can't even tell a damn joke anymore
without some normality squad thought cop whining down your neck.
It's the hip new Puritans, the scum lords, the pee-pee boys, and frat brats
are the very cream of the crap that is the failed genetic cesspool of doomed humanity.
And yet!
Even while they shave off your right,
your wild hairs,
you find yourself reflexively thanking them for that spiritual castration,
that amputation of your abnormality gland.
Oh, but hey, you paid good time and money for them to do it.
You're all gonna enjoy it.
Oh, every moron knows that, you say.
Life's a bitch and then you die.
You got it, pal.
One big treadmill to nowhere.
A cancer-ridden rat race around a city.
A sinking ship.
You'll marry some bland, dependable entity
and bear a brood of snot-faced, drug-snorting brats
who can't believe what a doddering dullard you are
and can't wait to leave or kill you as you sit there,
exhausted and trembling,
sweating blood and staring at some mediocre TV show,
pondering your brain-wrenching degree of debt,
desperately trying to drink yourself into a stupor,
wondering,
what the hell happened?
Well, by all means, go ahead and sit there.
It's your soul.
Ourselves, we're getting pretty damn sick of it.
Our ma always said,
when the rock hits you, holler.
And the way we were raised,
when habit-beslaved normalcy dupes
start stealing your slack away
with their pro-social, fascio-humanist,
wimp-training hammer-lock systems
and selling it back to you,
and you at a profit,
that's when the elect know to crank up the device
and start splattering.
The normals, smug yuppies and po-bucker nutsees
who are seemingly shopping around you
in blissful, self-sustained ignorance
actually form a vast conspiracy against you.
It wouldn't be quite so bad
if this conspiracy was trying to sell your soul only to the devil,
but they're dealing with the anti-Satan as well.
Unfortunately, belief in some old man in the clouds
or a big Disneyland in the hereafter
will not protect you.
But will you be ready?
Will you have an out when the whole thing blows?
Be not disheartened, my friends.
It is no myth.
There exists an underground resistance force,
an army of idiopathic deviants and angry mutations
ready to help you lash out,
to make you lash out,
pretending to obey like gorillas in a zoo by day,
but gorilla fighters at night and by coffee break.
These freedom fighters won't sell their obedience
for nice cars, VCRs, furlough vacation trips and fantasy entertainment,
nor will they trade it for a warm cage
and three squares of beer.
No cake here.
The size of a Spurance is enough to get Tradians


and be free than ever
so that even steeds Dre Local
won't beît gold.
This is the death of Adam
and no success.
Nothing less than marrying the King of the West
for a wedding day at Lod histor これ
when we say things like that, and they're perfectly right.
The conspiracy has hogged fascism for too long.
We're taking it back for the people.
Fascism for the people.
Fascism for the individual.
So join the party that is the rejection of all parties,
patriots, psychotic, and anarcho-materialism.
Every person a monarch, every yard a kingdom,
every checkbook a queendom,
every child and dog a serf,
every dad a duche,
every mom an Imelda,
and every dinner on time.
Abandon the corporate nation states
and shop black market only, friends.
It's cheaper.
But let's face it.
In an age when American corpo merger capitalism,
practically the same thing as the old Communist Party nowadays,
is in a blinding, dizzying tailwind,
the time is obviously right for a new faith,
a new paradigm, a new prophet,
one whose methods actually parallel and parasitize
the monolithic econo-culture of the West,
a religion based on pure capitalism,
on the divine logic of supply and demand,
but unfettered by conspiracy-implanted neuroses
about what will sell.
Offer it,
as by the law,
Bob Dobbs said,
offer it and they will buy.
That real religion is the Church of the Subgenius
and the prophet is J.R. Bob Dobbs,
avatar of slack and immaculator of the age.
You two deserve better and we have the program.
Well, that is fortuitous.
One thing stands out as a completely unique experience.
Um...
Once again, kids,
it's that time on the Zoo Radio Hour
when we invite you to test the visual portion of your radio.
Just take your Zoo Radio Visual Receptor Transmogrifier kit
out of its protective sleeve,
extend the interocitor rods and rotate to point C,
making sure that the magenta adaptions are snapped all the way onto the castor head.
You should be able to spot me smiling and waving.
See? Holding up this little clown!
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Oh, allow the utterance of thine retain on erring inequity,
clamor in their bravery,
drive them to dive their defense,
and make them feel the sense of fight
from their scare aid in the day of conflict.
Endure thou gift,
O subject of erudition,
and address the conference of the ethical meeting.
Prohibit them to decide creature upon the finest
and secure creation,
that the view of blood may rapid abide recess,
that harmony, consonance, and agitation
may functional happen really,
but let not the unrighteous established,
in fact and in equity,
theology and worldliness,
abound and bravado amongst thy race.
Aaaaaaaah aaaaaah.
Aaaaaaaah.
Aaaaaaaah.
Aaaaaaaah.
How fast was that truck going, Officer Valence?
Speed limited.
Gee, right on the head.
I should pull him over anyway.
Damn trucking banisters.
That damn wife of mine.
I'm gonna kill her.
And that damn college punk who's sinking the soldier with her.
She's probably playing lift leg right now or I'll suck in his sugar stick.
Relax.
Drink some more espresso.
I have another donut.
Wait.
We only got two dozen left.
Better not.
I just get so mad.
I gotta hit something.
You don't mind, do you, again?
Ah, sure.
Go ahead.
Oh, my.
Oh, is she better now?
Yeah, a little.
But I wish you were that college punk who's jazzing Sylvie.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, they're probably making like the beast with two backs right now.
Miserable college.
Pick up another freaking car.
Get that laser detector on them.
Just because we made it in a year, it's not my fault.
Lots of stress being a policeman nowadays.
You know that.
A lot of stress in the streets.
Yeah, sure.
You gotta sit there, eat donuts, watch cars go by.
Their wheels turning around and around.
The repetition of red, yellow, green.
She don't understand.
They're probably threading the needle.
Right now.
No.
Don't you mean threading the needle?
I don't know.
Taking a turn on Shooter's Hill.
They're probably mingling blood.
Yeah, detector says he was going 40 in a 25 zone.
That makes it about 24 miles per hour.
This detector's at least 16 miles an hour fast.
She replaced it, but it makes so much money, it's speeding tickets.
That was a prestigious day, you know, when we coerced City Hall to put us on commission basis
with these speeding citations.
Gives this office of law and goodness motivation.
It's like criminal justice.
Criminal peace work, if you will.
The more people are buzzed, the more people pay chunk cash.
That is nice.
But how about that new confiscation law?
Well, we can confiscate anything of anybody's if our extra enhanced cops training senses
suspect suspicious behavior and or possible drug use at one time or another.
So with that in mind, if that detector says that car's going 45, that's good enough for me.
I love this job.
I'm getting on this car's ass.
I'm getting on this car's ass. I'm getting on this car's ass.
I'm getting on this car's ass.


And Jesus, that college stud is probably getting his ashes hauled right now.
We're dipping in the fudge pot with Sylvia.
I can kill them both.
Aren't you going to put your sirens on?
Sirens?
You mean the singing broads, the tempted Ulysses?
No, no, no.
The other sirens, the ones on top of the squad car.
Oh, those.
No, no, not yet.
Let's follow that car for a while.
Maybe he'll turn down a deserted street in case I know he's going to give me a hard time.
But first I want to make on this license plate the lousy scumbag.
Car 54 calling freebase.
Calling freebase.
Need a make on a license plate.
N as in enema.
M as in embarrass.
L as in elevator.
2 as in tutu.
And 4 as in foreskin.
I should have never let her get out of the house.
No, she had to go to Cleveland State.
That's where she met that college punk.
I bet he's introducing Charlie to her gravy maker right now.
Or dancing a matrimonial polka on some cheesy dives.
Well, looks like something's going right for you.
That car's turning down that deserted street.
A top-end license.
N as in enema.
M as in embarrass.
L as in elevator.
2 as in tuba dance.
And 4 as in foreplay.
Has an outstanding ticket.
Out on one-headlight violation.
And did not file a document for succession with the court.
Lousy scumbag.
Hit them sirens.
Okay.
Okay.
Don't you love the way they look in their rearview mirror when they first notice us?
That's right, buddy.
Pull it over.
Looks like there's only one driver.
Better call for backup.
We're outnumbered one to two.
I'll get the driver's side.
You get the passenger's side.
Damn slut's probably smoking his Doc Johnson right now.
Evening.
Show us your license, please.
Keep your hands where I can see them.
No sudden movements.
What seems to be the problem, officer?
I wasn't even doing the speed limit.
I was 24.
24?
We clocked you at 45, buddy.
Don't lie to a police officer.
Just give us your license.
Well, Chaz Smith.
One vicious circle.
Men are Ohio.
You probably like men or women, don't you?
Well, Chaz.
It seems you didn't furnish proof to the court for the fixing of a broken headlight.
Oh, I fixed that headlight the next day.
See?
They both were.
Perfect brights, too.
See?
It don't matter, boy.
You didn't prove it, did you?
What are you doing out tonight, Chaz?
Just going home from doing a brain rot radio theater on CSB.
WCSB?
Yeah, yeah.
I go to Cleveland State.
No.
No law against that, is there?
No law against that.
College boy.
You're a college boy just like the one that's...
Big mouth.
Step out of your car.
Keep your hands at full view.
Hey.
Hey, what's going on?
What did I do?
Is there some kind of problem?
Big problem for you?
I said get out of the car!
Officer Valence!
My extra police six cents.
Senses he's making an eye movement like he's reaching for a gun.
Call for backup.
Are you crazy?
Call for backup!
Don't shoot.
Are you crazy?
Crazy?
Crazy?
I'll show you who's crazy.
I'll show you who's crazy, you college punk.
Hey, now, don't.
You don't have to haul him down like that.
Give me that taser.
All right, wait a minute.
Give me that taser.
All right, don't go so...
All right, don't go so...
Give me that taser.
You like that, killer?
Huh?
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Get in the full felony prone position.
Whose wife are you buzzing the brillo with?
I said whose wife are you buzzing the brillo with?
Face on the ground.
Butt in the air.
Eyes looking left.
I said looking left!
How you like that, killer?
Now stand on one foot.
Hold your breath.
Do as I say.
Touch your nose with your tongue.
I said touch your nose with your tongue.
Watch out.
His right foot made a movement like he's reaching for an AK-47.
Stop resisting.
Stop resisting, I said.
Smart-ass college punk trying to defend yourself, is it?
Uh-oh.
My surreal perceptions detect an REM like he's on PCV.
Need more backup.
He's starting a riot.
Call Riot Strong.
Get that taser.
Ah.
Shh, shh, shh.
Shh.
Stay down.
I said stay down.
Damn college punk.
You like that, huh?
Huh?
You punk.
Uh-huh.
You like that.
Who's behind you?





The wife you buzzing the brillo with.
Stay down.
Hey, he's making body movements like he wants to stay alive.
I'll teach you to want to stay alive.
Send more backup.
We're outnumbered one to 20.
Hey, great party, Maurice Bentley.
I just love what you've done to this sunken kitchen sinkhole.
Let's step outside.
There's something I want to tell you.
You know, I heard you got the biggest...
Look over there.
What's all those police cars doing across the street?
Look, look.
They're beating the sugar out of someone.
Quick, Maurice.
Grab your video camera.
Quick, quick, quick.
This could be worth a fortune.
How do I turn this damn thing on?
Oh, yeah.
It's on.
Damn.
Oh, get too far away.
I can't see them.
I got to get closer.
I'll just sneak up on them.
That's right.
Oh, they're getting in front of me.







Oh, yeah.
That's perfect.
Man, oh, man, Percy.
You should check this beating house.
You're in the pain, right?
Look at that.
There's more cops here than at the Larry King beating.
Daryl, 3 o'clock.
Someone with a video camera.
Take care of it.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
You.
What the hell you think you're doing, huh?
Put that down.
You're interfering with police questions.
Turn that camera off.
What do you mean?
There's no law against using a video camera in public.
I'm not.









I got a right to be here.
I got a right for you.
I got a right for you and a left for you.
I got a right for you and another one.
Smart mouth up.
Give me that.
Give me that camera.
You're under arrest.
Under arrest for what?
For resisting arrest in an affair where the police beating.
All putting up resistance.
We'll take this.
Watch out.
Paranormal police instinct detects a lip curl, meaning he's telepathically trying to contact
outer space aliens for help.
Severe depression.
Severe depression.
I need more backup.
You.
Get on the ground.
Kiss my ass.
Look 45 degrees southwest.
I said southwest, jerk.
My special police senses detect you're about to try to fly away.
Damn.
Broke another billy club.
Destroying police property, huh?
Need more backup.
More backup.
More backup.
No way.
Somebody help me.
Somebody help me.
Somebody help me.
Somebody help me.
Somebody help me.
Somebody help me.




I'm telling you.
Jack off a lot.
His ultra hot baby strips up in front of him.
Her window every night, man, dude.
Cause she gotta need baby pillows, I can't miss, man.
And this time I'm prepared, dude.
Got Dad's VidCam.
Dude.
I'm going to vid those delicious hoots, man.
No shirt.
Gruk and Faye.
Cool.
I just love this Nirvana gas.
Turn it up, man.
Hey.
Pass me the Elka, man.
I'm going to go.





the Elka. Elka, man? What the hell is the Elka, man? The Elka bong, Queeks. The bong, man. Pass the bong.
Oh, the bong. You can't say that on the radio, man. That's kind of humorous frown nowadays, man.
Drug humor went out of the laugh-in, man. I'm bringing it back, man. Quit Bogartin' the joint,
Humphrey. Whoa, check it out. Down the street. Look, three cops beating up a guy with a video
camera. Look at that dude. Yeah, check it out. There's a bunch of cops over there beating up
some other dude by a cop. Hey, dude, man. Hey, I'm going to get this on video, man.
Got that vid cam right here. Hey, that guy who filmed that Benny King beating made a fortune,
man.
Hey, cool. Hey, slow down. I want to get both beatings, man. Two beatings, twice as much
money, dude. Yeah, stop here. Stop. Perfecto, wow. Hey, they're using that dude as a tackling
dummy, man. Oh, dude. Oh, man. I think he's on pig senos, man. Pig senos.
Menstro, cramps, over in that car, across the street. Another videoer. Take a squad
and fan out. There might be more. 54 to dispatch. We need the VST immediately. Here at the corner
of Denton Berry.
That's right. The video SWAT team. Hurry.
We are not popping, Patrick. Kidnapping of a terrorist just walked off the street. We
need 200 police officers elsewhere.
Never mind that. We've got more important things to take care of. Hard job. Crotchless,
underwear. Take care of that car. Lumpy, gravy, fan out. Secure the area for more cameras
until the VST gets here. Let's get control of the situation right now.
Hey, what is the hell is you doing? Put that camera down. This is official.
This is business. What does smell? Narcotics? All right. Nice car. I could use that. It's
mine. You're under arrest. I'm everybody of you. Don't move.
Oh, wow, dude, man. Take off, man. Split. Let's get the hell out of here, dude. Step
on it.
Yeah? Yeah. Fleeing a police officer against my law. I am warning you one time.
Halt or I will shoot you.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, my God. He shot those kids.
Did you get it all? Did you get it all?
Yep. I got it all. The shooting and crushing those kids. The first video getting beat up
and the driver getting beat up. God's sakes, don't let the cops see you or us. Relax. Their
backs are toward us. They can't see us in these bushes. See them over there in the bushes.
Yeah, I got them in sight. You jump over that fence and go through those people's house.
I'll wait here.
30 seconds. We'll secure that video camera. Go.
Think of it. This will put Stephen King's beating tape to shame. We'll make a fortune, man. We'll be on our scene in Ikeo Hall, Jay Limo and Phil Donatoll, everything, man.
Keep it down. You don't want the cops to hear us. They're the way they're laughing tonight. No telling what they'll do.
Now, come out from them bushes with your hands up. Drop that camera by your side.
Do as we say.
Jumping baby Mohammed. They spotted us. We're coming. Don't shoot. Don't shoot. Please don't shoot.
Just keep walking with your hands up. Now, lie on your stomach with your hands out and legs split. Larry, Curly Moe.
We weren't doing anything. We weren't doing anything.
Not doing anything right. You were trying to get your police force in trouble. Your police force. We work for you. It's people like you who make good police work that much harder.
You and the Bill of Rights, you should be ashamed.
What's wrong?
You got a problem with law and order, boys? Move your head. Cover me.
Watch this. My police training senses that his ear movements means he's got a loaded bazooka in his breast pocket.
You 20 cops, help me. Maybe this will teach him respect for an officer's privacy. Where's that bazooka?
Any way to go?
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
This is it, man. We hit the jackpot, bro.
Got this beating, the shooting, the crash, the other beating, the driving, beating on my handy cam.
We're gonna be rich, man.
I got all these people videotaping each other.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
You with the camera on the veranda, stop filming immediately!
Uh-oh!
My enhanced police instincts to protect from 100 yards in the air, that man is sweating a certain way,
which means he's reaching for an anti-aircraft missile.
Fire away!
Wow!
Wow!
I can't believe all this!
Did you get it all on tape?
I sure did.
I got the bombing of the video around the veranda.
I got the second video beating, the shooting and crash of those kids.
The first video beating and the driver beating.
All on my hot little tape.
This tape could be worth a fortune.
In the wrong hands.
Video's on tape! Video's on tape! Come in, it works!
Do you need any more backups?
That's a negative.
Repeat, negative.
We got this possible ugly situation under control.
We can all breathe a little easier now.
You won't see this on CNN.
Stark! Raving! Mad!
Let's get back to work!
Stop!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!



Ow!
Ow!




Ow!
Ow!
пример

...
We return with the kayakers from waco segment of arts up a minimum punishment that seems we 하루.
Rина
punshmen

ground. No, U.S. out of Waco now. That's what we say, friends. Oh, but I think, I think I should
stop and tell you, you were, uh, what we just were playing was from the tape Video Bleak
from our friends at Brain Rot Radio, who broadcast out of WCSB in Cleveland. Uh, yes, although
they'd like to be broadcasting out of anywhere and everywhere, and I'm sure that the stations
that play the hour of slack might well be interested in that Brain Rot Radio, but, uh,
we who are presenting that Brain Rot Radio are the Subgenius Foundation. That's, that's
us here, producers of this show.
The Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack, and I'm going to give you an address you can
write for for free information about the Church of the Subgenius. Yes, that's why we do it.
We do it for B-B-B-B-Bob, and, uh, he's so glad when we do it for Bob, and in fact, you
know, he likes it best when we do it nastiest, when we do it the way the normals most like.
We just don't want us to do, uh, uh, no, no, no, and we're, we're going to be bad again
tonight, uh, having just done first half of show on the subject matter of, uh, uh, whatever
it was we were talking about. This second half shall, in fact, be on the, uh, sad and
sorry subject of, of drug abuse in our country, yes, and, uh, you know, if only they'd, uh,
I mean, I think it should be illegal for humans, if you know what I mean. Dear friends, oh,
that post office box to write to for free information, just write to Bob, good old J.R.
Bob Dobbs, just, just address it to Bob at post office box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
I'm going to give you that number again.
It's Bob at post office box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214, and we love you here, yes, oh,
we love all of you listeners, mm-hmm, yeah, yeah, sure, but we'd, we'd love to, uh, send
you, uh, free information about this mighty church and all the other things.
We do, besides the radio show, bad things, bad, you know, the fact that we haven't been
shut down yet, I think, says something about the malaise that our country is in, but, you
know, they, they're going to keep letting us do it while we'll just keep doing it. In
fact, well, I probably shouldn't go any deeper into that.
Have become an escape for a nation of ignored youth. Many parents too busy to stop, listen,
and love.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
Bob said I'm gonna give you drugs.
Bob said I'm gonna give you pills.
Bob said I'm gonna free him from the false flag of the conspiracy.
He's a son of water.
He's a god that set maps.
He's a pyrocladulator.
Three and three-year-olds can't eat.
Hi there, Mrs. Garibaldi.
Okay.
And so she would follow the answer to that.
That's right.
Okay. Bye.
Here comes Mrs. Darvon again in her nice soft dress.
Hi, Mr. Valium.
Hi.
Well, today we're going to make sure that everybody feels okay.
That's right.
They're eating Kool-Aid and pills.
Oh, well.
Miss Valium.
Well, I'm sad today.
Yes?
Yes?
Yes?
I'm not sure.

Well, I don't know.
It's just a good thing.
There's a lot of good things.
And I'm not sure I can do any of them.
But I'm not sure I'm going to eat, you know, a lot of pills.
I'm not sure.

Oh, yeah.
But that's fine.

I'm not sure.

Okay.
I'll be there.
Okay.



Bye.
Bye.


Bye.

Talking about pills now.
Pills.
Well, pills in my head, but pills in my socks.
Pills in the woods and pills on the rocks.
Yeah, pills.
Pills.
Talking about pills now.
Pills.
Pills are the dumbest things to do.
Pills are better friends than you.
Yeah, pills.
Pills.
Talking about pills now.
Pills.
My friends, the pills.
Oh, just give me some of them pills.
Oh, give me those pills, Bob.
Can we have some pills over here, please?
Here, have some pills.
Take some more of these pills in the morning.
Can I have some pills, please, from my heart?
More pills.
And that's just the sort of thing I was talking about.
Exactly, gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen.
Hello to you in Dallas.
Texas.
This is the secret Reverend Bleepo Abernathy speaking to you over the airwaves of your local radio station there,
courtesy of Stang and the Reverend Bucknaked,
for which I am glad to present this opportunity to myself to speak at this time.
First of all, I want to say that none of the pills are ever good enough, as you all know.
And as you're out there, you know, you cannot feel anything without some sort of pill.
Now, that pill could be, of course, you know, your average,
you know, vitamin or dexatrim or something like that, or it can be Jesus.
It's any kind of pill that you mention at all.
We don't want to get too specific here, but let's just face it, friends, you're all looking for a pill.
And I don't know.
I don't know.
We're not talking a quart of pills.
We're talking a bucket of pills, which is sometimes.
Some people relate to half an old-fashioned bathtub full of pills.
Sometimes, I don't know how much quarts of pills go for in Dallas right now.
I think in New York, you can get about a half a handful of pills for what, like a pint of pills might cost you in Austin or Chicago.
But we're in Dallas now, so we're talking quarts of pills.
But this is just...
A kebab chair is full of pills.
These are all legal.
They're not drugs.
These are herbs.
They've been smuggled in by Tibetan llamas, which have been working for Bob for centuries.
I heard they put them on the bellies of sea turtles at one point.
They'd fit them in your plate.
They put them on seven-year voyage.
They put them on your tongue.
They put them on...
They might have...
They might have put them on geese's...
Or they put them in your nose.
They put them in your shoes.
And Bob makes the best pills ever was made.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah, pills!
Yeah, pills!
You get them...
You get them pills!
And you feel...
You feel wise.
Your heart feels wise.
You're buying.
And you know that you're the only one, and the rest of them are wrong, and you're the
only one that's right.
And that's how you're supposed to feel, because you got the pills of Bob in you.
That's right.
Possess these children...
With the fire of thy holy way.
Fill them with the blood of your passion that will enable their weak spirits to move in
pursuit of your holy work.
Our children are faced with the peer pressure of taking drugs and drinking alcohol.
It is readily available.
The effects are devastating.
I...
And I walked into the family room, and...
The family was watching the TV set with their back to me.
And then I started firing a rifle.
And I was standing behind my dad, and I shot him.
Through the head?
Yes.
And then right away?
Almost instantly, my mother.
This would sharpen you up and make you ready for a bit of the old ultra-violence.
Can you hear me?
I'm not a child.

I'm a despairsome cutter, me brothers.
Go on!
Do me in, you bastard cowards!
We don't want to live anyway.
Not in a stinking world like this!
Oh?
And what's so stinking about it?
It's a stinking world because there's no law nor other anymore!
It's a stinking world because it lets the young get onto the old!
Look, you dog!
Oh, it's no water for an old man any longer!
What sort of a world is it at all?
Men on the moon?
And men spinning around the earth?
And there's not no attention paid to earthly law nor other no more?
Oh, dear little lad, I thought for thee...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
In the US today, one of every ten high school seniors uses marijuana daily.
35% of all students use drugs at least once a month.
It isn't all the illicit, illegitimate market that's the problem.
We have a panacea in America that is a play to solve every problem.
We do have a 12-j kaik case, including a pourquoi, euro, oms, nuclear Barbie, and more.
And you've dunno what she should call that?
She can buy aם
she picks out cash

Everybody's drunk and everybody's wasted and everybody's drinking on the job.
The garbage man got trashed, the janitor got messy, the taxi driver got smashed, and the waitress, she got tipsy.
In Kansas City, New York City, the great big city, it is amazing now.
Everybody's drunk and everybody's wasted and everybody's drinking on the job.
Everybody's drunk and everybody's wasted and everybody's drinking on the job.
Well, there's a whole lot of places that I ain't been, a whole lot of things that I ain't seen,
a whole lot of things I'll never be, a generation that would change,
the world is still looking for its car keys.
Woo!
The terrorists got bombed, the president got hit,
security was tight, yeah, the Secret Service got hit.
The FBI, CIA, D.W.I., USA,
everybody's drunk and everybody's wasted and everybody's stoned.
And there's nothing that's gonna change it.
Everybody's drunk and everybody's wasted and everybody's drinking on the job.
And there's nothing that's gonna change it.
Me, I'm just froppin' on the job and lucky to be doing that, friends.
Since they've had this crackdown on crack, they have succeeded in true conspiracy fashion
in making it so you can't get anything but crack.
I wonder why that is.
Actually, you can't even get crack in Dallas, you get plenty of cocaine, oh yeah, cheaper
than ever.
Because coke, like most of these other drugs, lights up that little spot in your brain that
would normally be lit up by sex, or a real kick-ass riff off your favorite song at just
the right time, or the right incredible climactic passage from a great book might light it up
on rare occasions, or Jesus or Jim Jones or whatever, or a subgenius tape, a subgenius
show like this every two minutes.
Or the merest glimpse of one of Bob's hundred-year-old footprints might light up that spot in your
brain, that mighty undiluted, unneagified squirt will flood that spot with, with just
the right juices from just the right glands.
But since to read that good book takes days, and you gotta be in the right place at the
right time for that song to have the effect.
If you're gonna get it through sex, you gotta be in the right place at the right time for

that song to have the effect.
And if you're gonna get it through sex, well, that takes at least five minutes, and often,
you have to take them out to dinner.
But my God, you can just go out and spend some money, and in no time at all, you can
light up that little spot just as soon as you can get back in your car, baby.
Just as soon as you can get you a sample.
Fire that booger up.
What else do you need?
Why would there be any need for noble feelings for all mankind, or even any sense of humanism?


Why would there be any need for any kind of human decency whatsoever?
Why would there be any need for anything but to light up that spot in that brain?
And when you get those headsets, where you just tape a little pad to either side of your
temple, one in the front and one in the back on a shaved place on your head, and you have
that little control in your pocket with a battery in it, as long as you've got you a
dollar 98 nine-volt battery in that thing, you can crank it up to five, to the five marker
on the dial, and it'll feel mighty damn good.
Or turn it up to 10, and you'll never turn it off.
There'd better be somebody standing by.
It's anywhere past six on the infinite control with knob, and you're not going to turn it
off.
You're not going to, friend.
You might turn it off for a second, but it would hurt.
Oh, it would hurt to turn it down, even to turn it down.
And once you've felt that 10 setting, you're not going to want to live with anything else.
You're going to be on your own.
You're going to be crying a year later for the 11 setting.
You're going to be begging.
Oh, you'll be reading all the catalogs, waiting for that breakthrough that'll give you an 11
on that control.
Oh, yes siree, you think they got a drug problem now.
You think there's a drug problem in the United States, in the whole world now?
Oh, mark my words, ye sinners, wait until you get some electronics involved, baby.
You think those computer whizzes got rich quick.
Oh, wait until they're gone.
I don't think they'll be around.
Oh, wait until they're gone.
I don't think they'll be around.

Oh, it's my head, you'll say.
It's my head.
That's all you'll be able to say.
Every song will be the song, It's My Head.
That'll be the only awareness you need.
It's just between you, your head, and your control, your pleasure center stimulator control.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
You'll be like a monkey in a cage, sitting in a pool of his own saliva.
That's right.
because once you feel number 10 you ain't gonna you can kiss what you now
know is reality goodbye baby yes and after a while even the 10 starts to feel
like pain but you can't go looking for the 11 button cuz you can't get up you've
been there too long cuz you're dead you're a ghost that died while it was
high yep yep if you die when you're high my friend your spirit becomes a
wandering shade wandering trying to score for eternity or at least until a
subgenius priest comes along and sends it spanking back to where it originally
came from my god and here I am running out of gas you're always gonna run out
sooner or later that's what you got to remember too much oh yeah too much is
always better than not enough till you run out
and you will fall
you'll run out of that church air right when you least expect it right when you
thought you had all the church air in the world oh yeah oh yeah oh I had all
the church air in the world but but but Negi has it now oh you'll scream you'll cry you'll wail and gnash your teeth and you'll wish you could die you'll wish you could die but you can't you can't die cuz you're
gonna be ready for the finals in 1998 my friend let there be slack
but the push don't care
if you live or if you die
god damn
the pusher
god damn
hey I said oh god damn


myüber
out of your life
I want to live
over
if you want
right
a
way out of
this. I'll change the air. That's what I'll do. Let's see, what have I got left on the
climate control? Dust storm? No. Tibetan wilderness? Land of the pharaohs. Land of the pharaohs.
That sounds great.
vole
Mummy.
Daddy.
Watch out.
lawsuit.
The madness is coming to hell,
causing brain cancer,
and is vanishing
In my dimension, where the evil nights live.
You know, this is, friends, you're listening to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
That's the name of the show, the Hour of Slack.
And, of course, every now and then we like to take away some of your slack.
I want to tell you that we've been playing, for the last half hour, material from Hour of Slack number 51.
Which was actually largely composed of old material from Media Barrage number 8.
And, let's see.
There was that little rant that I did.
I'm your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Back from when there wasn't crack in Dallas, with DK Jones in the background.
Before that, the Rainmakers doing that song, Drinking on the Job.
Before that, Media Barrage number 8 from Subgenius Tapes.
Oh, you heard preaching by Buck Naked.
You heard Doctors for Bob talking about buckets of pills.
You heard Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
Preaching about pills and singing about pills.
And, puzzling evidence in happy land.
And, I've got a few new bits.
I don't know whether to call this new or old.
This is some Frank Zappa that was given to me on a tape that said, Unreleased Zappa.
So, I don't know if it's unreleased or not.
But, it's lovely material.
It's from something that was, at the time, was called the Mother's Tour Album.
Which was never released.
No, yeah.
Music
L.A. in the summer of 69
I went downtown and bought me some wine
Oh, I drank it down.
Oh, I drank it down.

The sun went under the table.
I said, watch me now.
I'm gonna eat the label.
I'm a wine old man.
Don't you know who I am?
36, 24, it's about 30.
I seen a fine lady and I started talking dirty.
Boy, she looked over at me and she raised a thumb.
She said, Jim, down the road you're plumb, plumb, plumb.
I'm a wine old man.
Don't you know who I am?
I went to the country.
And while I was gone,
I lost control of my body functions
on a roller-headed lady's front lawn.
I'm so ashamed, but I'm a wine old man.
I can't help myself.
I've been drinking all night till my eyes got red.
I'm a wine old man.

I stumbled on the gutter and busted my head.
Bugs in my suit too.
Been scratching like a dog.
I can't stand no water.
And I still look like a hog.
I'm getting a five dollar bill.
And an overcoat too.
I'm getting a five dollar bill.
And an overcoat too.
A five dollar bill and an overcoat too.
A five dollar bill and a floor shine shoe.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, phantasmagorical.
Oh, Frank Zappa, theoretically unreleased.
I don't know.
That's what they say.
Howard, Reverend Howard Kalin gave that to Reverend Bleepo.
And Reverend Bleepo gave it to me.
But here's Lonesome Cowboy Dave singing about
don't abuse that substance abuser.
Okay, this song is,
it's a little bit of a,


it's entitled Stop Abusing That Substance Abuser.
On drums.
One, two, three, four.
I said stop abusing that substance abuser, my babe.
I said stop abusing that substance abuser, my babe.
Because you keep them in the face.
It's such a damn disgrace to the way you treat them
when you squeak this,
verbalize this.
Said well stop abusing that substance abuser, my babe.
Said well stop abusing that substance abuser, my babe.
Because you keep them in the face.
Don't move a bat.
Say.
Oh.
Oh.

I'm sick wearingعة bag and potato have a

You don't recognize these people?
Yeah.
Well, yeah, this you won't.
Yeah, you won't.
Like you said, don't abuse that substance abuser, my babe.
Weie weie.
gasoline all over them. Hey look at that cop, he's starting to smile. And it was like 10,000
cops gathered around a teeny little bonfire that they said cost 10 million bucks. And
it was like after a while they all started a screaming crazy mad.
Chop down the weeds, put them in a pile. Pour gasoline all over them. Hey look at them
cops, they're starting to smile. 10,000 gay macho leather dunking donut heads. Freaks
of bonds with their billy clubs out beating all the children. War on the people, war on
the people.
War!
The people.

On the people.
Trump!
War on the people.
War!
On the people.
Trump!
War on the people.
War!
On the people.
War!
On the people.
War!


War!
On the people.
War!
On the people.
Trump!
War!
On the people.
War!
On the people.
The Bushes.
The president of the world's best, and you still find the time to make the nicest peccary
pie in all of Longpump?
Oh darling, I'll remember when the leaders of the fascists had their own woes and scribbles

in a problem used to put you right to sleep.
Oh, not anymore, Madge.
Today's modern, now-a-go-go woman
just pops these simple little pills
called Angadream.
Swell demonstration, eh, Sarge?
It's routine.
Maybe, but if the chief ever caught me
taking these pills, he'd snap my head off.
Here, try one of mine.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, the chief himself's been on these for a week.
There's a change.
And welcome, dear friends,
to the Hour of Slack.
Slack!
Praise Bob!
Good.
Open your mouth, yeah?
No, I don't like pills.
It really does help take the trouble out of falling asleep.
The haunting reality is
that any one of these addicts,
prostitutes, or runaways
could be your child.
There was me.
That is Alex.
And my three droogs.
And their enemy.
Is the God-centered family.
An 18-year-old teenager named Diane,
living here in Hollywood,
took her life.
She was under the influence of LSD.
She had experimented with it
as a result of peer pressure from her friends.
This young lady had everything in the world to live for.
She had just won a Grammy Award.
She was signed for a television series.
Today, drugs and alcohol
have replaced drugs and alcohol.
They have replaced baseball and football
as the national pastimes.
We are producing a country without a future.
Any punk will tell you there is no future.
They don't think about it.
They wallow in just now operating.
They only have the present.
Mommy, where's Daddy?
He's been gone for so long.
Mommy, where's Daddy? He's been gone for so long.
Mommy, where's Daddy? He's been gone for so long.
Mommy, where's Daddy?
Mommy, where's Daddy?
Him!
