Those innocent fun games of the hallucination generation.
This is the hour of slack.
Raise Bob.
It's so hard.
Those innocent fun games of the hallucination generation.
Rob.
It's so hard.
Psychedelic circus.
Psychedelic circus.
Communications.
They say if you listen closely,
you can hear the sound of today.
And you can recall the best of the past.
Every note.
Every phrase.
Every word.
This is the best.
This is the sound of today.
This is the sound of today.
This is the sound of today.
Dirk and Pappy was out planting corn last summer
and Mama was pulling clothes off the line
when Freckles the Chimp came screaming out the bean patch
with a terrible look
like someone done handed her one of them United Way pledge cards.
It's a corp scream, Freckles.
It come bobbing up out the fish pond
and it ain't got no eyeballs.
I run out to the field to fetch Dirk and Pappy
and we headed over to the pond
to see what all the commotion was.
Sure as shit, there it was,
just as bobbing and stinky as childbirth in July.
Pa figured we could rope it
and pull it up on the pecan tree for closer inspection,
but I tried getting at it with a stick.
I went out about waist deep in the pond
with a fish pole
and tried snagging it on the cuff of the pants.
Dirk, he worked around to the other side
of the pond
and swam over with a pointed broom handle,
but he poked it in the stomach
and all that gas and liquid sprayed out
like someone done popped a water bottle.
Except this one was full of piss.
Pa commenced to clench in his stomach
and puking at the pond's perimeter,
but Dirk and me had already invested too much pride
to succumb to queasiness.
Dirk poked it in the head
and it swung out my way.
I got my fishing pole through the stomach hole
and fetched it to shore.
Once Pa got through wiping off his mouth,
we took off our shirts
and wrapped them around our heads
so as we could get closer and take a look at it.
Just like Freckles had told us,
the corpse had both eyeballs ripped clean out the sockets,
but it also had metal rings through both nipples
and a tattoo that said Valvoline.
But the weirdest of all
was when we flopped it over on the belly side
and found three holes in the back
like some feathers that sucked all the blood out
of the poor fish.
We were very nervous.

We were scared.

We were scared.


Dirk figured he might have been drained out
by a pack of aliens
that came down in the night
to make crop circles,
but Pa, he figured it must have been
one of them devil cucks.
And that was,
of course,
the Rudy Schwartz project
from the remastered CD album
Salmon Day.
And now this.
what is the point?







Don't worry about it.
It's an animal.


There's a dog there right next to the door there.
Don't take him.
No shoo!
Guh!
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
And that was Lothar and the Hand People.
Tripay!
And now this.
Every breath you take
Every move you make
Every mind you take
Every step you take
I'll be watching you
Every single day
Every word you say
Every game you play
Every night you sleep
Every Tuesday
I'll be watching you
I'll be watching you
Oh, can't you see
You belong to me
How my poor heart aches
With every step you take
Every move you make
And every vow you break
Every smile you make
Every claim you stake
I'll be watching you
I'll be watching you
You walk on the night

I know you don't
I know
I don't believe you
Can you even believe
Newscasts and news feed
Is that what I guess?
However,05% may have felt woke all morning when you turned off to the prostitute and it's just Connie, Mr. Colly and셔서ult isn't here anymore. She still needs to rest a fresh fit with a mushroom, prefer space But this is real talk instead!!!
Oh, can't you see?
That you belong to me
And how my poor heart, it aches
Every step you take
Every move you make
Every vow you break
Every smile you fake
Every claim you stake
I'll be watching you
I'll be watching you
Yeah, that's right, I'll be watching
I'll be watching you
Put a transmitter in your car
I'll be watching you
I'll be watching you
Follow your ass home
I'll be watching you
Look in the window of your trailer home
I'll be watching you
Walk that son of a bitch up beside the head with a two-pack on
I'll be watching you
I'll be watching your ass, bitch
I'll be watching you
That's right, I'm watching you
I'll be watching you
Baby, you are bruised
Yee, yee-oo, yee-oo
Yé, yo séobé
I'm zaest Remote
那 droo'ken
I'm zaest Remote
Do it for me
I'm zaest Remote
Who could stop me?
Yee, yee-oo, yee-oo
Yee, yo séobé
Yee, yéoo, yee-oo

I want to f enseb

glamor
And that was Reverend Jimmy Ryan
with his new collection of instrumentals.
And now this.
Ah!
And friends, this is Hour of Slack number
1234527057073937
disguised as Hour of Slack number
1666.
That's right, show number 666.
And it makes me sick.
Actually, South by Southwest made me sick.
We had a great time at South by Southwest.
We had a great time at Southwest in Austin last week.
But I got sick.
We went to a big party and we were in a giant exhibit hall
with aliens from all over the galaxy
and robots, a lot of robots.
There were robots at the party, too.
It was a robot-themed party.
We weren't exactly there for South by Southwest.
We were being interviewed again
for that subgenius documentary movie
Slacking Toward Bethlehem.
The Working Party.
That was the title, I guess.
And, oh, I met the editor finally.
And got to see lots of the other folks there again.
Oh, and we met Nick Offerman,
that TV actor that's in the show Parks and Recreation.
It turns out he's a big subgenius scholar
and a devoted follower of Bob.
Has been for a long time.
And we should be getting a copy of his books
on woodworking, the zen of woodworking.
And also, hopefully, his audio book,
which a friend of mine said is really funny.
It might be just great to have parts on this show,
The Hour of Slack.
Meanwhile, Lonesome Cowboy Dave is working tonight.
And yet I have to crank out a damn show.
A damn weekly show.
So let's go.
Back to the X-Day 20,
which was actually, unfortunately, really,
the 22nd X-Day drill.
Now we've still got 21 X-Day coming up,
and it'll be the real X-Day for sure.
And that's late July and ending,
I mean, late June.
It starts June 28th or something
at Wisteria Campground in Ohio.
And it ends when the world ends,
on July 31st.
And it's the 25th.
Well, last X-Day drill,
we did tons of recordings.
And almost every day when Dr. Howell and I,
and whoever else was brave enough to join us,
ended our recordings here on Tarzan's radio station,
we would just walk away and leave the mics there
for whoever wanted to do show.
Well, there's podcrusters there.
And they did a whole bunch of show.
Unfortunately, they tended to cuss.
The boys did anyway.
The boys cussed so much.
So, in such an uncalled for way,
that I can't possibly run it on any of the broadcast stations.
So it may be on one of those all X-rated internet shows.
But meanwhile, I'm going to try to run a bunch of recordings
that were turned off.
I think this is really late on July 4th.
A kind of a countdown to the end of the world.
That's sort of being hosted by Reverend Anna Moll,
who we also saw in Austin last week.
And luckily,
none of the backpack bombs found their way
to their destination, which was probably us.
But, so here.
Let's let Anna Moll have some show for a while.
I forget who else is with her.
Maybe we'll learn while listening.
Uh-huh.
Oh, this music in the background is Spongle.
Just a reminder that audience participation
from our live studio audience here at the
Thuris and Urim Podcrust 20th X Day Spectacular 100th episode.
There is a microphone at the front of the stage.
If you would like to come up and say a short sentence or three,
you are welcome to engage.
Engage.
Do the .
Do the .
.
Warning!
Warning!
In six hours and 51 minutes,
the saucer arrival site will be prepared.
This is not a drill.
Warning!
This is not a drill.
.
.
This is not a drill.
My kazoo's really gone down, folks.
That was a potty mouth, Anna Moll.
The censorship kazoo has been censored by itself.
The recursive kazoo has cursed itself with .

Okay.
That sounds harsh and unwelcoming.
.
.
It could be the membrane shot or I'm just bad at it.
.
Oh, rescue kazoo has been delivered.
It turns out last year, remember last year when I had the bad case of the penguins
and that's why the UFOs didn't come?
They were like, oh shit, she's contagious.
.
I found out that when I shed my outer skin, when I molted and finally got rid of the penguins,
I hope anyway, they might flare up again, that when the beak fell off, it turned into
the kazoo of censorship.
I just haven't been able to use it.
I have no need to censor anybody.
I mean, everybody's been so nice.
.
.
I'm just going to go ahead and do my thing.
.



.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.





.
.
.
.
.


.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
Dr. Shoggoth mask really quick.
What's that?
Oh, Dr. Shoggoth.
What the shit?
The final six hours, 48 minutes, 17 seconds.
Thank you for the reminder, Reverend Fanboy.
You're so good at this.
You should do this all the time.
Well, six hours and 48 minutes that you got.
I have thought about it, but con business keeps me very occupied.
I have to figure out how to shift that priority.
You're not going to have to worry about that, too.
No, well, yeah.
I don't know.
Well, what are you doing with your pleasure saucer?
Well, right now I'm wondering whether you mentioned, you know,
flatulence as a problem in an enclosed air system.
You didn't say it was a problem.
Well, it's going to be a problem.
I'm going to fart piano when I need it.
Unless you remember to...
Can someone please help me?
I've been looking for a fart piano, and I haven't happened to see...
Oh, hi.
When you build your own saucer, don't skimp on the HVAC, people.
It's the fundamental systems that make your life livable.
Make sure that the air, when it's recirculated,
at least goes through a couple filters.
Bring some extras.
You know, you've got to change them every couple of months.
Because that fart smell, if, you know, you don't want it to wait,
hey, 20 minutes later, it's back.
It's gone through the entire saucer.
This doesn't make a fart sound at all.
That's the worst air raid siren I've ever heard.
I know, right?
I'm so panicked, though, when I hear it.
That sneaks up.
That sneaks up behind me.
I'm going to duck and cover.
I've been trying.
I'm a highly trained individual.
I can't believe the little bear carousel didn't sell.
I would have...
Oh, for the listeners at home that are not Scrum Buddies
or on the gold or platinum levels,
remember, visit the stories in your podcros at patreon.com,
that you guys are missing out.
The voices of the dead.
Speaking through a device
that may or may not contain batteries and plastic
and three ponies.
Because I think we can all agree that dead lives matter.
And there's going to be an awful lot of them in just a couple of hours.
I'm just concerned how did they get the ponies that size?
I've been trying for years,
and my shrink ray just doesn't work that good.
It's a fine-tuned, amazing stuff.
Look how happy they are, the tiny ponies.
How can we be that happy?
Well...
Doesn't religion bring us the keys to happiness?
The keys to unlocking our own craft?
Maybe if I skip the saucer landing and I stay on Earth,
I can be condemned to be encased in a cursed toy
and also be a voice of the dead.
Like that Night Gallery episode with the doll.
Here's hoping.
The cursed doll.
That one cursed...
It's like there's just one cursed doll.
You're so silly.
You're so silly, Reverend Babel.
What are you talking about?
I mean, nothing...
No, you said something about dolls?
Just the one.
Okay, okay.
So I don't have to worry about any other doll.
Only one cursed doll in existence
that is currently on the premises.
Well, oh, oh, oh.
Okay.
And running around...
And possibly under your chair.
With a tiny little knife.
It's actually not a small knife at all.
Hey, my ankle!
No, just kidding.
Just kidding.
Okay, so just the one cursed doll.
Just the one cursed doll on the premises.
That's all that's allowed in your...
My pleasure saucer.
Very good.
Right.
Now, remember, folks...
My pleasure saucer has a great view, by the way.
That's why it's my pleasure saucer.
You want to make sure that you can contain the cursed dolls when they start showing up.
The blood splatter wipes right off the outside.
You let one in through the airlock.
So much silicone coating.
Just like an aerogel.
It's blood-proof, bullet-proof.
Come at me.
Whatever.
Heads will be exploding all around.
I'll be fine.
I'll be laughing.
Indeed.
You know, exploded view.
Make sure you've got...
You know, when you look into the book and you see that it's an exploded view,
and then the blood goes everywhere.
It's...
I have a screen in front of me on my pleasure saucer, so it'll be safe.
Very good.
So, will you be able to get the close-ups, though,
of the people being irradiated by the saucers and starting to boil?
I got minion for that.
I honestly...
Okay, so earlier we were talking about the levels of the pleasure saucer.
And I admitted that I do have three levels already planned out.
But I don't talk about the other level where the minion hang out
because I don't really want to have to feed them for long at all.
There's a minion?
Yeah, well, they're going to take care of recording stuff for a while.
But then once I'm...
You know, they just dwindle off.
And I'll stop caring about the recordings.
But we will need server space.
So if anyone has an extra porn server not in use in their closet at home...
Wait, a porn server not in use?
Wait.
...for six hours and 43 minutes.
That's a tall order.
If you've just given up that path for the apocalypse,
please let us use it for some Thorosineurin podcrest storage.
It would be greatly appreciated for six hours and 43 minutes.
Now, we're just going to use hypercubes for storage after the...
Well, we are.
I actually bought into that today.
I invested.
Have you invested in the hypercube laboratories?
I hear they're expanding.
Yes.
I think it's time to get in on the ground floor.
On the...
Well...
The Tesseract.
I would say the stratosphere level.
Okay.
At least.
My broker didn't tell me about that.
Oh.
Oh, yeah.
People are at different funding...
Whose head's exploding now?
...the hypercube project.
I can't tell.
There's so many.
Right.
So many competing hypercube projects?
So many...
No, so many exploding heads.
It's hard to tell one from the other.
So many...
Thousands of exploding heads.
Thousands of exploding heads.
I promise to you.
And only...
As I walk past you on the way to my saucer,
stepping over the corpses as the heads explode.
That's for you did not pay your $35.
But you know what?
I hear there's still time.
Yes.
You got to find Stang.
Yes.
Go to the Stang's trailer between the hours of 2 a.m. and 4 a.m.
with your $35.
No, no.
It's actually 12.30 a.m.
I aired 12.30 a.m. to 4 a.m.
They can go right up the hill.
Knock on that door.
Loud.
Loud and hard.
I hear is how he likes it.
Yes.
And make sure that he answers.
Well, who doesn't?
And force the money towards the humanoid-like artificial intelligence figure that comes at you.
The Stangbot 5000.
Now accepting credit cards, debit cards, and all forms of electronic currency.
The Stangbot 5000 might actually throw a punch at you.
This is a...
A bug in the system.
A bug in the system.
Just duck.
Just duck.
And say the safe word.
Please don't hit me.
I'm trying to give you fucking money.
Right.
Sorry, that's a safe sentence.
Or money here.
I think that also works.
Are you sure it's safe?
It's not safe at all.
It's not safe at all.
That's not your safe.
No, that's where I put the other possessed doll.
I mean, there's only one possessed doll.
Doll on the site.
Under your chair.
That's right.
Don't look.
It makes him mad.
You don't want a mad cursed doll.
By the way, there's a microphone up here.
I see new people arriving.
Perhaps somebody has something else they'd like to add to.
Interactive.
Live.
Interactive.
Thorazine.
You're in Podcrust.
20th.
X-Day.
100th episode.
You're welcome to join in.
Is Thorazine...
You're in some kind of recycling project where we're trying to get the Thorazine out of the urine?
If somebody came up here with a lime, if they actually had a lime,
we would have the ingredients that we need for the secret information to be revealed by Reverend Pease.
So...
Oh, crap.
He doesn't even need a lime anymore.
I don't even need a lime anymore because this is a good story.
You did it.
You drew him out.
You drew him out.
When I was a psychiatric technician in the Air Force, I...
Somebody get him a lime.
Please.
I worked on a psychiatric unit.
And a lot of them...
A lot of the patients took a lot of Thorazine.
And sometimes when people had to be in the quiet room, if you want to call it that,
you'd have to provide them with a urine also that they could relieve themselves and, you know...
They always gave me a bucket.
So, one day, we were talking, we were joking, we realized that Thorazine-tainted urine is incredibly dank.
And the proof of that is, is one day...
I had a patient and I let him use the urinal and he went to go drink it because he wanted extra Thorazine, I suppose.
And you're not allowed to let patients do that.
As funny as it might be to see, you're just not allowed to do that.
So, I grabbed it from him and we struggled for it for a second.
And he looked at me and laughed and let go.
And the entire urinal of urine, the dank Thorazine urine, shot all over my face and all over my body.
So, when we decided to name the pod...
The pod crust.
The pod crust.
We thought of no better definition of what we wanted to do on radio than that.
Having that dank Thorazine urine poured all over you by that poor soul in the psychiatric facility.
Platinum listeners at home, please scratch number six.
So, now we know the secret of the Thorazine urine.
I was kidding about it being recycled.
But apparently, if you'll drink it, you get more Thorazine.
We like to think of it as upcycled.
Now, is it hard to get Thorazine in a mental institution?
Because it seems like they'd be handing them out like peanuts.
Actually, they give it away for free.
Golly.
It's like a personal pleasure saucer experience.
Wow.
It's a dry run.
I don't know if I would call it that.
Well, it's a damp run.
It's a dank run.
It's a damp run.
I can do the damp run in 300 parsecs.
Now, Wonder...
Is there Bob care after the saucers come?
Is that Thorazine still available and still free?
Well, as I said, what we're going to do is we're going to pick it up a notch.
When the saucers come, we will have a 24-hour free Thorazine podcast all the time.
It will be broadcast whether you want to or not to all the rest of the pleasure saucers in the fleet.
So, it's an add-on value.
I think everybody's going to be very excited about it.
Just imagine.
Just imagine.
24 hours of peas all the time for eternity.
It's exciting, right?
I can see...
Oh, this guy's crying.
Oh, sir.
Please stop having a fit.
It'll be wonderful.
And that's what the midline package.
You don't have to go to like the $200 a month package.
Again, I would like to remind you of the special subgenius ordainment opportunity tonight
between the hours of 1230 a.m. and 4 a.m.
Just go up to the big house, knock on the door, ask for Robin Stang,
and he will long distance ordain any loved ones who cannot be here today.
How much time do we have to do that?
We only have six hours and...
Yep.
They don't know the words.
36 minutes to go.
But more importantly, in the immediate future,
the time will start for the special long distance adornments at the big house
between 1230 and 4 a.m.
Starts in...
Exactly six minutes.
Pease interferes with time itself.
Today on the Thor's Inurin Podcrust,
watch him interfere with the X-Day lending time.
I promise not to screw it up this time.
You're doing it now, dude.
So if you're controlling time, could you like take this time
and stretch it out to about a thousand years?
I could, but I choose not to.
I am not your puppet.
I can respect that.
It probably seems like a thousand years.
It's already gone by.
The ramifications with adjusting,
the timeline,
six hours and 35 minutes before the saucer arrivals
would be foolhardy and foolish.
That you would suggest it is just mind-boggling.
I'm glad to see your silence, Kanemaw.
I'm glad to see you've hanged your head with shame
at even a mere suggestion.
It wasn't a suggestion.
It was actually mind-boggling.
I was boggled.
My mind was boggled.
Somebody's mind that I had was boggled.
Well, it had letters written on every side of it,
and I was plain boggled with it.
But I lost it the other day.
It dried up and fell off the table,
and then I think a dog ate it.
And that was Spongle in my current background.
And thank you, Reverend Animal
and the members of the sub-oxyme bloodstream podcrust
of 20X Day.
And now this.
Oh, wait.
Now I've got to do the stuff.
About three weeks ago,
the last live show we did was a show called
What Are We Forgetting to Mention?
And we did actually forget something,
something major,
because the show before that,
I had promised to read the new vocabulary words
invented by my sister, the Auntie C,
or Auntie C the Rub Genius,
actually it's Anti-C, the Rub Genius.
And I found the printout
of advanced dog anatomy terminology.
In case you ever wondered,
on a dog, just about any dog,
the straight feathers usually on the chest
are called fleur fleurs.
The swirly feathers on the chubs or elbows
are called fleur feulers.
Fleur feulers.
The feathers near the taint on a dog
are called flea fleas.
And the feathers in the ears are fleer fleers.
The aforementioned chubs,
by the way, are the meaty part of the hind leg. I call the four chubs, chubs also myself.
And finally, the sweet edible parts of the nose where it connects to the fuzzle,
that's called chufus, the chufus. And the fuzzle is what others call the muzzle.
So friends, now you know what to call those feathers on your dog. Thank you, Auntie C.
She's my little sister and also my neighbor. Again, this music in the background is Spongle.
Are you Spongle? That's the name of the album. Excuse me, I still have a nagging cough that
from where South by Southwest made me.
Sick. I found this National Geographic article from February of last year,
which the conspiracy calls 2017. I like to think last year was 1997. Anyways, this article about
um, uh, alcohol? Yeah, 9,000 year love affair. Let's see, what did I circle?
Here. Uh, we're pre adapted for consuming alcohol.
Yeasts are diverse and ubiquitous, and they've been likely fermenting ripe wild fruit for about
120 million years, ever since the first fruits appeared on Earth. From our modern point of view,
ethanol has one very compelling property. It makes us feel good.
Ethanol helps release serotonin, dopamine, and endorphins in the brain, chemicals that make us happy and less anxious.
To our fruit-eating primate ancestors swinging through the trees, however, the ethanol in rotting fruit would have had three other appealing characteristics.
First, it had a strong distinctive smell that makes the fruit easy to locate. Second, it's easier to digest, allowing animals to get more of a commodity that was precious back then, calories.
Third, its antiseptic qualities repel microbes that might sicken a primate.
Millions of years ago, one of them developed a taste for fruit that had fallen from the
tree.
Our ape ancestors started eating fermented fruits on the forest floor and that made all
the difference, said Nathaniel Dominey, a biological anthropologist at Dartmouth College.
We're pre-adapted for consuming alcohol.
Robert Dudley, the University of California, Berkeley physiologist who first suggested
the idea, calls it the drunken monkey hypothesis.
The primates that ventured down out of the trees got access to a brand new food source.
If you can smell the alcohol and get to the fruit faster, you have an advantage.
You defeat the competition and get more calories, Dudley says.
The ones that stuffed themselves were the most likely to succeed at reproduction and
to win.
You experience a gentle rush of pleasure in the brain.
That buzz reinforced the appeal of the new lifestyle.
A truly drunken monkey, Dudley points out, would be an easy target for predators.
In spite of widely reported anecdotes, there's very little scientific evidence of animals
in the wild ever getting enough alcohol to exhibit drunken behavior.
A satisfied glow is more likely.
But that response to alcohol seems to be specific to humans and perhaps apes.
You could say we came out of the trees to get a beer, Benner says.
But the point wasn't to get drunk.
That would come much later, once we figured out how to make the stuff in quantity.
So there you go, friends.
There's nothing you can do about it.
You can't help it.
And, uh ... yeah ... that was an article in National Geographic.
And, uh ... what else do I need to remember that I forgot?
Oh, yes, you're listening to the Hour of Slack from The Church of the Subgenius.
I'm Price Bob, and we're here to impart Slack in whatever form we can.
And if we can't do that, what you may get instead could be confusion.
In fact, if you might, I think, it's only going to pop up in Africa, wrong speech?

Fine line for some of us.
But thank you, Spongrel, for this background music.
And now this.
I shot the barbecue pig last night.
I shot the barbecue pig.
They shot the...
They shot his ass.
It's over now, that's what I said.
Ah, ah, ah.
Ah, ah, ah.
I went to bed last night.
I woke up sad and blue.
They shot the poor.
They shot his ass.
They shot the poor man, I feel good.
Ah, ah, ah.
Ah, ah, ah.
Ah, ah, ah.

Ah, ah.




Ah.
Ah.
And that was, of course, the Rudy Schwartz project
from the remastered CD album Salmon Day.
And now this.
Do they even have boggle kits anymore?
No, that's why I had to make my own out of some brain.
Oh, boggle kits.
Okay.
We'd like to take a few more suggestions for saucer modifications.
This is the last time to put your engineering specs in
for your own pleasure saucer.
As you all know, you should decide whether it's going to be a saucer built
for one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine.
I don't think.
There's a saucer built for ten, but there sure the hell is one for eleven.
And twelve.
Eleven.
There are eleven time zones in the Soviet Union.
Number eleven.
Number eleven.
Copyright infringement is your best entertainment value.
Eleven.
I don't know if I would call it your best value, but it's what you pay for.
I would just like to remind any members, any surviving members of Negative Land
that they are welcome on my pleasure saucer along with the residents.
Aw.
I've got them all.
I'm all ordained.
The kits are waiting.
There's still a few more copies of that bestseller tome already out.
Still available, aren't there, Revan Stang?
We'll never know.
Aren't there a few more copies of that Neighbor World tome
that was just made all the Pulitzer Prizes recently?
No, I'm afraid, dear friends, all of the Neighbor World tomes
that are remaining have been reserved for the Elder Gods.
Oh, damn it.
They will be delivered into their hands at 7.15 a.m. in, what is it, 6.33 minutes plus another 15 minutes.
Speaking of Elder Gods...
Or else we're in big trouble.
Again, another revelation...
Don't let that worry you.
Another revelation on top of the many revelations we've had at this X Day.
I cannot remember an X Day where so much secret knowledge...
was bestowed upon the brethren.
We're revealing so much of a little worried piece.
Workshops by Lord Angry Lay on the nuances of surf music.
We should be sending them to our Patreon page.
If you don't know how to find Patreon...
Comedy Extravaganza by the Circus Apocalypse.
While you have time, go to our Facebook page and sign up as a like-in-us.
And then you can also go over to our Patreon page.
It is linked through that page.
And you can then give us funds to...
It's pronounced Petron.
I'll be doing that.
Let me pimp out my ride, yo.
I gots to get the drop kit and a pleasure saucer.
And I'm worried that my rims aren't going to be shiny enough.
My pleasure saucer will have spinners.
That's awesome, dude.
Diamond in the back. Sunroof up.
Making that scene with the gangster theme.
Making the spinners on the pleasure saucers.
I've described it earlier. It's going to be metallic green.
It's going to have a giant peas on the side.
On the back, there'll be some carrots.
It'll be powered by nuclear fusion.
The fuel of the future.
That's right, Bubbles. Thanks for visiting.
And on the back, it says safe side and suicide.
That's correct.
Once again.
I also have some mud flaps with what looks like a naked chrome lady.
Like a naked chrome lady.
And the testicles hanging off the trailer.
Not an actual lady made of chrome.
Which, strangely enough, is an actual portrait of a space lady.
Who we just never knew before now.
Stellar. Stellar idea.
I adore you.
Am I not allowed to say space lady?
Soon I won't need friends. I'll have my pleasure saucer.
I'll be cruising the galaxy after wrecking havoc on the Earth.
It's okay, peas. Remember? Because you only have how much time left?
My first mission will be to find the real ribbon staying.
And find out what kind of terrible mishaps have befallen him.
Peas, please tell us. How much time do we have? Seriously.
I'm concerned.
We have six hours and thirty minutes till the saucers arrive.
Now I'd be panicking if I hadn't set my $35.00.
Also would like to make note that the official long distance or name mint offer is now on.
Is that Pacific Mountain Time or Central Eastern?
You don't have to bother with the post office box now.
Time is no longer a factor.
Reverend Peas is here to tell us how you can deposit that $35.00.
And why is Greenwich so mean with this time?
It's such a bitch.
What is that potty mouth?
All the time zones, Greenwich.
What is that?
This is the children's show. What is that potty mouth for?
Oh yeah, kids. I forgot. Sorry. My bad.
Go to bed.
Terrible. Terrible, terrible, terrible.
Fuck to bed.
And it looks as if Dr. Shoggoth has gone into an early hibernation mode
in order to be more alert for tomorrow's saucer run.
Godspeed to you, Shoggoth. Godspeed.
It might be time to start the looting? What do you think?
We got like a little...
I think I almost...
Oh, jeez.
Yeah, if you haven't started looting, remember that you can send in your money now
for your looting kit 108 limited edition looting kits from the Thor's Inurium Pod Crust.
All numbered and individually signed.
Handcrafted looting kits. Get them now.
Don't wait. This offer is going to be going away soon.
Really going fast.
Yes.
It's just a smashing good idea.
So...
There'll be people rioting in the streets for our looting kits.
How can I get one? My children. I must save my children.
Give me the looting kit now.
And we'll say no. We'll just look down.
Nope. Should have gave us cash money.
You should have, man.
Why don't you have time to take care of your people with your looting kit?
Well, maybe they don't have time to take care of anybody but themselves.
But if you put your own looting kit on,
then you can hand looting kits to others.
Remember to put your own looting kit on first before you hand them to children.
In six hours and 27 minutes, though, it will not matter.
No?
Nope. Not at all.
It's hard to not be fatalistic at a time like this.
Unless you are.
Is it though?
An ordained subgenius, reverend pope, or doctor.
Is it ever hard to be not fatalistic?
I just look outside.
You know, the problem with this doomsday cult is fatalism.
People just don't have hope in this doomsday cult.
Hello. How are you doing, animal?
Oh, I'm nice. Fatalism. How are you doing today?
Oh, you know.
And he's like, thanks. Okay, I'm fatalistic. Okay, bye.
And I hear there are more options.
It's a many-dimensional option.
There's option C, option Z, options B2.
B6, B12.
Those are important. You gotta get your Bs in.
Yes. And your niacin.
Your metal Bs.
If you don't want birth defects.
Metal Bs.
Speaking of more pleasant things, who are we gonna bully into taking this microphone?
Because I'm getting tired.
Honestly, I don't think you're allowed to leave without getting your ankle slashed.
I wanted to just shout out to the Achilles tendons out there that are still functioning.
We can't move.
This leg is...
Ours have been severed.
This foot is so floppy now.
Please help us. Please send medics now.
I mean, I don't know what happened. I was hanging out with my possessed doll and all of a sudden...
I'm getting my leg.
...from this torturous existence.
It's just flapping around.
Yes.
Oh, wait. I know. I know who.
Who could we bully into taking this microphone?
I think we've already paid money to know what to think about that one.
Okay.
The Xs are coming. I've been told. I've been given a promise by a weird man from Texas.
He told me, he came over to me and he said if I gave him my money that I would be saved
by the alien creatures and I could join a special mission.






I'm going to be a sex cult and it would be great and I would feel funny all the time,
but not funny haha because I'm not the funny one. It was going to be awesome. It's been
great. I love camping. It hasn't even rained.
No. No. The weather's magnificent.
It's absolutely gorgeous out tonight.
So it'll be exactly like this next year, except there is no next year.
There's no next year. We already... We're killing time right now.
That's right.
In front of you. We've killed... We're just...
Time will kill so many and only...
Number one.
Six hours, 23 minutes and 50 seconds.
Witnesses aplenty, I would hope. Who's paid up to be a witness here at X Day?
Can we get a witness?
For the 100th episode. Spectacular.
Is anybody going to approach the pulpit?
Oh my gosh. I can't believe this really exists.
It's a crystal Pepsi.
Yeah. Yeah. Argus Fox. Once again, thank you. Hat tip to Argus Fox and possibly...
Well done, sir.
...some other deities.
Or God murderers, as it were. Thank you for traveling through time, bringing me back the 1984 crystal Pepsi.
It's still crystal Pepsi.
Oh, God.
And it's that first hit where the effervescence is still vital.
Fizzy. So fizzy.
It's so fizzy.
So fizzy and clear. Couldn't see that coming.
So why does it have to be brown? And actually, you could ask that question about so many things.
But why does regular Pepsi have to be brown?
Well, see, when you get it into the jankum chambers for an extended period of time, but people forget to put the lids down or close the outer doors, the Pepsi is no longer crystal clear and purified for the sanctioned lips of people such as myself, Annabelle, and yourself.
Fanboy, Reverend.
It turns brown.
Praise God. Yes.
It turns brown. It is still sweet and delicious.
It's a common color, yet there's so many shades of brown.
But it shouldn't have to exist.
Visitors to the jankum chamber have learned.
It shouldn't have to exist.
No. And actually, nothing will exist, so to speak, on this here rock. It'll be scoured clean. There's talk of the molten core being exposed.
Error 13013.
And then it'll perhaps become the bauble of some Elder God.
Doug requested it does not exist.
Turn it into jewelry. Some rotating core of tin that is just dangling from the earlobe of some Elder God or something.
I think it was nickel.
Nickel?
I think it was nickel.
Not tin? Okay. I haven't been down there lately.
I don't know. Down where?
The core. There it's molten, spinning core.
You should hang out there. I hear it's nice. I got a summer villa, you know, down at the core.
A little warm, but you know.
I like it. It's like a personal sauna spot, you know. I get down there, I'm just like basking in the warm glow of death.
Now you may have heard of the hole—
Noxious fumes.
That the Russians have bored like four miles into the earth.
Occasional brimstone.
Yes, you know what? We're friends with them now though, so it's okay. Can you please stop ruining this for us? They're giving us things.
Right. Well, they'll let you stand at the edge of the hole they've bored four miles into the earth and listen to the unearthly screams that come out of it.
Shout out to my homeboys at the Hell's Crater in Turkmenistan.
Yes.
For you, forever of glow. For you, forever aflame.
The—
The Hell's Crater into Hell. Turkmenistan. Don't visit it today.
No. Stay well away from Turkmenistan.
They will shoot you. Stay on the trails of capital city. Do not stray. Do not touch the buildings.
You can see the displays of food.
Stand on the throbbing yellow line.
So nice.
Deflate your shoes. Thank you.
I heard you telling your friends how he's harmless enough. There's almost nothing you could have said that would have hurt me so much.
But how to risk all you got? Oh, I'm not sure.










I forget you forgot. Or you'd see that harmless is one thing. I'm most certainly not.
It's all fool's gold, my dear. It's all fool's gold, my dear.
It's hardly ever like you think. It's almost always like you fear.
It's all fool's gold.
It's all fool's gold.
When we were young, we were dancing to a band at the rink.
They were so far out of tune in time, they didn't even blink.
They were the best in the world, as far as we were concerned.
I heard them two years on. It was amazing what they learned.
Twice as cool, twice as fast. Twice as loud, twice as long.
They were at least twice as good. And that hasn't had much fun.
It's all fool's gold, my dear. It's all fool's gold, my dear.
It's not so much what you know as what you believe to be so.
It's all fool's gold.
It's all fool's gold.
It's all fool's gold.
Hey!
I was in traffic by a man reading a book while he drives.
He couldn't stay between the lanes. He couldn't read between the lines.
So I ran him off the road. The first chance that I got.
See, harmless is something. A little knowledge is not.
It's all fool's gold, my dear. It's all fool's gold, my dear.
Oh, sometimes the facts can make the truth disappear.
It's all fool's gold.
It's all fool's gold.
I think God honored my oath and he one day struck me blind.
Because I can't see the forest for the magic sometimes.
Oh, if it nears its bliss, I'm the happiest man alive.
I do so want to believe. I'm so damned up sometimes.
I imagine politics and love, well, neither exist.
Mistake the handshake of friendship for the age-shaking fist.
It's like the lost Dutchman mind. It's a fictional claim.
But we've no other choice than to be mad at that name.
It's all fool's gold, my dear.
It's all fool's gold, my dear.
It's hardly ever like you'd think. It's almost always like you'd fear.
It's all fool's gold.
It's all fool's gold.
Oh, it's all fool's gold.
It's all fool's gold.
It's all fool's gold.
It's all fool's gold.
It's all fool's gold.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
And that was The Rainmakers.
I think from their album Flirting with the Universe.
And now this.
Oh, yes, I almost forgot.
Uh, friends.
Are you a subgenius minister yet?
Have you joined the Church of the Subgenius?
And by that I mean actually sent in your 35 bucks, payable by PayPal or credit card,
on subgenius.com, where it says become an ordained minister,
or where it says stores.
And even if you have, do you have your well-made Bob t-shirt from anticonformity.com?
Do you have your Arise DVD?
Sure, you could watch it on the internet, but it's not the same.
And it isn't the same.
It hasn't been kissed by the lips of Princess Wee,
who kisses every copy of Arise that goes out.
And I sign every copy of Book of the Subgenius.
How about that?
You can still get those from us.
But yes, the 35 bucks for the minister's pack, you really ought to think about it, folks.
You don't have to meet any subgeniuses ever, but you will have that option.
You can't come to X Day unless you're a member.
You can't go to the members only kind of smarty pants internet.

I'm not going to be a member of the members only kind of smarty pants internet forum called Scrub Genius.
I do a lot more there than on Facebook.
Because Facebook's just a bunch of gimme bobs, people who can't even spell Bob's name right.
Do you know that, Princess Wee?
They can't even spell Bob's name right, half of them.
They leave off the quotes.
Oh yeah, gimme bobs.
You can tell.
It's so easy to tell.
Anyway, friends, we'll be back next week with more X Day recordings,
and hopefully with the lonesome cowboy.
Hopefully he won't be lonesome next week.
Well, thank you, good night, and praise Bob.
Ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya.
