Ah, yes, dear friends, this is KNON 89.3 FM here in Dallas, Texas.
Welcome, dear friends, to the subgenius hour of slack.
Slack, slack, slack, slack, slack, slack.
Walk, walk, walk, walk, walk, walk, walk.
Walk, walk, walk, walk, walk, walk, walk, walk, walk.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
Oh, wow.
Hey, I'm free.
The knee-deep sheep dip dipped deep down below the steep and chilly waters of the deep stream floats on the surface
like the ancient Egyptians floated on the current of their belief.
for they thought they would never die,
but be reborn as gargling sarcophagi,
horrible mummies to march across the earth
and wreak and spew vengeance.
All of the little tiny dead deities
marched down the side of the subgenius church
and now live at last.
Within the great pyramid,
the secret chamber of the subgenius.
What light and steam come from the special effects department
located below the pyramid?
Here, inside the heart of the mighty structure,
puzzling evidence broadcasts
from the inner chamber of the great pyramid.
Yeah, I'll teach you all how to talk on the radio.
Come on down.
Yes, these giant pyramids are actually radio stations
of a primitive nature,
which broadcast by the strange...
I'll play rock and roll until everybody falls apart.
I'll copy that old Procter & Bergman movie.
Then they would show the strange films
to the walls of the...
Come on, let's watch G-Man.
Please, Bob.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
This is me.
Li Qing, a Chinese subgenius.
And you are listening to the Hour of Slack
on KNON in Dallas, Texas.
Remember, Bob is a comrade of all people.
He is a China, just like in America.
And people need slack.
In Chinese, we call slack
le tin pan.
But it must be true slack,
not the bad slack of the conspiracy.
Please, Bob, help me somebody.
Please, Bob.
Oh, look out here he comes.
Or triple your money back.
The Church of the Subgenius
bring you another 33 minutes
of condensed
uraglic function.
Over the course...
of the quality audio visual techniques
exacerbated and complicated
by the Church of the Subgenius.
Copyright 1985-86.
Oh, Dr. Spivak.
She said, cutting her own legs off.
I don't know where he gets that 33 minutes.
I understand the condensed uraglic functions.
That's no problem.
Oh, I hadn't played that little intro tape
in a while.
But that music's just too spooky.
I think it's slowed down too.
There.
Yes, dear friends,
this is your
host and prayer partner,
Reverend Ivan Stang.
And, uh...
Yeah, that's not happy enough.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
I'm...
Yes, yes, I know.
I'm great.
Ha, that's more like it.
The potatoes here in the background.
Dear friends, we, uh...
This is gonna be a disorganized show.
I know that that makes you happy
because Bob has granted us slack.
That's what that always means.
Last week, the slack granted to me
was in the form of vile flu,
which made me sick.
Last night, we had, uh...
a down-home, holy ghost,
Bob Righteous revival
at the, uh...
science fiction fantasy fair
at the Marriott.
And, uh...
For those who were there,
we'll play the tape next week.
See?
And for those...
And for the anti-Stang forces out there,
boy, you missed it.
It was your chance
to be on the show
because we brought the show down there
in the form of the...
the Little Black Radio Shack box
and recorded, uh...
next week's hour of slack there
and let just anybody who wanted to
drop their pants and start spouting
into the tape deck.
And we actually fished out some pretty...
some...
one great new ranter, at least,
and some lovely, lovely tunes.
See how excited they are there in the background?
Uh...
So, we'll get into that.
But see, that requires editing
because the minute I told them
I was going to play it on the radio after editing,
they started screaming curse words.
Um...
And that offended me.
Anyway...
Oop!
Yeah.
So, friends, please call the station here
for information on the Church of the Subgenius
and that great man, Bob,
who we worship
as best we know how
by getting ourselves some slack.
Call and speak to the live...
the living Will O'Dobbs
here at 823-7...
uh...
7490.
823-7490.
God, I wrote my own phone number
down that piece of paper.
At least I didn't say it.
You're quite welcome.
Yeah.
Sure.
Just to get things started off on the right track,
I have a very, very pleasant little song here
by Zug's Rift
from his album,
his new album, Torment.
It's a song called
The Secret Marine Sex Kitten Party.
And it's...
It'll really make...
It's an uplifting, uplifting song.
I think you'll all really enjoy it.
And you'll know just what we mean by slack
when it ends.
Just after I was born,
Daddy was drafted and went off to war.
He was on a secret mission
that he could not tell us about,
but he looked worried.
The day he left with six other men in uniforms
was the last time any of us saw him alive.
Daddy went overseas
to a classified location,
and from his diary that was returned to us years later,
my mom and I read of how he was ambushed in the jungle
and how sickened he felt
the first time we had to kill him there.
Daddy's associates were horribly murdered,
then dismembered,
and Daddy was taken prisoner by the enemy.
They locked him up for almost seven months
in some small cell,
frequently refusing to feed him
or even allow him water.
Eventually, they took him from this room
and brought him into this large,
large house somewhere out in the country
where he hoped they would possibly give him
minimal but simple chores to do
while he was their prisoner.
They brought him upstairs
where they directed him to enter
this specially prepared room.
The entire floor of the room
was just one giant abacus,
a ten-foot by ten-foot giant frame
with large wooden beads
sliding back and forth on wires
stretched from one wall to the other.
It was impossible to stand up on it,
and Daddy was so scared
that he was forced down on his knees
as he crawled continuously into the room.
He realized that he must have been drugged,
for he next recalled awakening,
finding his wrists and ankles bound to ropes
rigged to the opposite walls of the room,
flat on his back on his uncomfortable wooden beads.
He looked up at one wall
and noticed a large picture window
with several uniformed enemy men
standing behind the glass,
smiling and talking in a language
he could not understand.
On command from one of the officials,
Daddy could feel the ropes
begin to tug at his arms and legs.
Daddy was rolled from one wall to the other,
then back again,
being pulled down and across the wooden beads
over and over and over
until the pain was unbearable.
Daddy would beg for mercy,
but for ten hours a day,
every day they would repeat this routine.
Daddy was fed just barely enough to stay alive.
He soon lost all control,
and the wooden beads soon began to chip away
at his insides, crumbling his bones.
Daddy, in horror, endured this every day
for almost two years.
One of the residing officers,
later apprehended and shot,
testified that Daddy was eventually stretched out
practically to the length of the room
and was soft, crippled, shapeless and helpless.
At the end of each session,
they would actually fold him up
and store him in the corner like a human pig.
Daddy, still alive,
could not cope with the horror of what they had done,
but could no longer speak or move,
and was their total slave.
He prayed that they would kill him,
but that was not the plan.
Every few days,
special officers would visit the compound,
and they would roll out Daddy
and display their trophy,
the living carpet.
They would all laugh and poke at him with their feet,
step on his sexual parts,
push in his soft face,
and kiss his face with their fingers
while he cried, unable to fight back.
When the diplomatic visit was over,
they would inject Daddy with nutrients
and fold him back up
and shove him back under a counter in the corner.
By the time the secret Marines had found him,
he was shriveled, black, and dead.
The Khalidomnia nhưng إلى khi
There was something wrong.
There was something wrong on your shoulder.
There was something wrong on your shoulder.
Oh boy, I don't know about you,
Oh boy, I don't know about you,
but that made me think
feel so much better.
It's all relative.
You know, that was Zug's Rift once again.
The mighty Zug's Rift.
I've got a lot of, you know,
on disorganized hour of Slack shows,
I play a lot of the KPFA show.
So you'll be hearing quite a bit of puzzling evidence.
Dr. Howell and special guests in this case,
Janer Hypercleets in one case
and in the other, Nancy Regalia,
Regalia, Reverend Nancy Regalia
and her husband, Reverend Dan Meyer
of the Church of the Great Green Frog.
So, but before we go on,
you know, I know that some of you have been wondering
just why we had to start a church
called the Church of the Subgenius
and why we worship that man, Bob.
Well, see, our God's dead.
Sorry about yours.
Well, I guess that doesn't really explain things.
But here is the man who smoked the pipe
that ran from the legs,
that swallowed the throat,
that digested the stomach,
that burned the fire,
that wet the water,
that cleaned the soap,
that excreted the urethra
that belonged to the church that Bob made.
Truth is stranger than friction.
This is a good friend of mine.
I want you to treat this guy just like he was me.
He's a good friend.
Well, not that bad.
Hey, asshole, you got five bucks for a bottle of coffee?
Yeah.
But you know, it's my fans that made me.
A bottle of coffee will carry you farther than ever before.
I've got my bottle of coffee.
It's as big as my head.
And I'm ready to drink it now.
But, Jane, what were you going to tell the friends of the show?
Well, it's my fans that made me what I am today.
Thanks a lot.
Oh, man, look at that guy.
But seriously.
But really, how does he keep coming up to me?
Here they are, carrying the ball downfield.
A little color game.
It's a beautiful ball,
rising over the mountains like a shining sun.
And the birds are singing.
The waterfall is falling.
The moose is bellowing in the woods.
Yeah.
And the show.
It's for you, I think.
Falling all over itself.
Puppet of the birds.
Early in the morning.
Fine.
Come on.
And we've got the show still coming up.
Hello?
Is this the show?
We are finished with all of the San Francisco gigs,
but we haven't stopped or started the local other shows yet.
What's the process to get a ham sandwich out of this joint?
Okay.
A ham sandwich?
You can't do that on the show.
No, a ham sandwich.
Yeah, a ham sandwich.
The box lunches are in the back.
That doesn't sound very cool.
Well, that sounds pretty good.
Yeah, I was just thinking,
I can't be a guy saying yes all day tonight like the usual.
Hang up on you, sir?
We would never do that.
Maybe I could make you sell the ham sandwich.
It wouldn't feel so embarrassing.
I'm calling up the show.
Okay, we'll just go back in the kitchen and go ahead and grab one.
All right, where are they?
The refrigerator?
Yeah.
You guys get the refrigerator back all right that night, I guess, huh?
Yeah, the riot's over and the refrigerator's back in style.
Get away from that refrigerator.
I want to hear one peep out of you kids.
Confine your shenanigans to the rumpus room and keep it down to a dull roar.
And there goes those shenanigans now.
He's gone.
Down on the collar, Hopper.
Well, we'll have to.
We'll call little Reverend Sternow's house in a little while and see.
Yeah, we'll bounce him out of bed.
And before that, maybe we'll get another collar.
Maybe we should bother Ivan Stang, our pilot drummer.
No, blow it off, Doug.
After being threatened by the evil...
Thank you, thank you.
Oh, come on, come on.
I don't want sympathy.
Okay, okay, people.
Give me a break.
Oh, come on now.
Come on.
Well, the sympathy vote seems to be squarely in Jenner's court.
And now we're going to talk to another caller.
Come on, I paid money for this stuff.
I've been egged by better than you, baby.
Give me a break.
Okay, caller.
Come on, honey.
Shoot your...
Whatever it is.
Shoot your wad.
What do you think of Jenner?
Hello?
I don't think of Jenner.
Jenner, that sandwich guy, he just couldn't come through.
Couldn't come to the show.
Just couldn't make it.
He just doesn't have the subgeniality to...
Oh, that was old Spamhandler.
We're hungry.
We need that sandwich.
Unable to digest his food, you know.
At least one person's laughing at this.
He calls it Mr. Philostomy Bag of 1945.
He's a joker, a real jerk.
He's a joker.
He's a...
A handbag sandwich man.
We let him call.
Did you bring a grandma-faced sandwich?
A grandma-faced sandwich?
Two pieces of whole wheat bread, some lettuce, tomatoes, mustard.
Your grandma's face, sucker.
That's it.
Tell him.
That sandwich man, he went to the lecture in 1995.
The professor tapped his...
He kicked under the light during the main ugly faces at the crowd.
And he asked,
Do any of you posers know where I can lay my hands on the spec sheet for the life of...
Here, now.
We don't allow that kind of talk on the air.
I'd like you to reconsider your...
Before they get a little bit out of control.
Oh, no, no.
Never out of control.
Just like the Aryan youth whose father laid waste his early morning dreams.
Today, he so enamors himself of pledges and oaths to his career and his reward.
His reward is that he bickers with his only brother and lies next to his only bag of marshmallows.
Now, just calm down.
We're all Bay Aryans here and in the Bay Aryan movement.
Are you offended by the bold smell of Aryan sweat?
Why, it only proves that we live up to our Aryan racial style.
Well, I hope you can, uh...
Be on Aryan hold for a moment as we investigate caller number two.
You're on the Aryan of the soul.
Hello, you're on the air.
They're more like a mess.
Let me see you.
Yes, yes.
Ready to chat.
Ready to help you.
Do anything.
That's right.
We're on the air.
So what are they talking about?
Jeez.
Those guys.
San...
San Francisco.
You know.
You know what they say about that place.
I don't.
And I'm writing a new book.
It's gonna be called,
What Will the Preachers Do When the Devil is Saved?
Oh, that's a hard saying.
Oh, that's a hard saying.
Oh, that's a tough saying.
Joy to the world.
Moslems, you know, I mean, they're good folks.
There's all kinds of different dimensions of religious thought, you know.
And the Moslems, you know, they got their own thing going, you know.
And this one's standing over there in North Africa, you know, and he's gonna get this other catch.
You know, he came from Alabama and he went over there, you know, to see what his home land is.
And he said, hey, man, what's your home land look like?
And so he's over there and he said, hey, man, say, help me to some of this Moslem jazz, man.
I hear it's real strong singing.
He said, yeah, man, say, we close to it.
Say, we got all kinds of things going.
He said, well, man, say, I want to join.
Say, let's go get a drink and talk it over.
And he said, Moslems don't drink.
He said, forget it.
I'm gonna be a Christian.
Is that weird?
But it don't make no difference.
I was telling you a little while ago about that atheism.
A lot of folks get disturbed about that and think somebody could be...
See, let's break the word down and see what it means.
Atheism.
At the ill...
Them's hard sayings.
Be kind to strangers.
Remember, as a stranger, as a friend, you ain't met yet.
Don't bad mouth nobody.
Way back.
Now then, this is a weird thought and this is really out of it.
Like this here.
There was this violinist.
And he loved to play the violin.
I mean, that was his own kick.
He dug that stroke.
I mean, a lot better than some folks like to work on hot rod engines, you know, or things like that.
You know, I mean, he had his own serenity going.
And he loved to play the violin.
Yes, he did that.
And he had practiced it and practiced it and practiced it and even practiced.
Yes.
I mean, up until where that he could play this violin where it sounded like one.
Yes.
And even beyond that.
Oh, it was so beautiful that he just went so far out of it.
He left the whole scope of humanity.
I mean, humans could...
He couldn't understand or perceive the depth of the fine quality that he was getting out of this here musical instrument.
So he went yonder to seek him some folks that would enjoy it.
And so that he could give of his own creative being, his own self, which he had got in tune to and then brought it into material manifestation on the fiddle.
Thought I'd never get that one out.
Well, he went out yonder to the jungles out into Africa.
Bless his heart, he did that.
And he went out there and he got up on this stump.
He just kind of pounced up on it, you know.
And he took in his fiddle bow.
Well, took him, it still sounds right.
I ain't gonna let them smart-alecky intellectuals mess up my thinking.
Then he started to play.
And as the bow hit upon the strings, thereof such beautiful music you ain't never heard before, beloved, because there was no human ears there to perceive it.
And all the animals grouped around the great big ferocious lions and the rhinoceroses and all kinds of things.
Tigers and bears and snails.
and giraffes and little monkeys and great big gorillas
and I mean bad mean looking creatures, you know,
all come crept out there and just sat down
and swooped down and started sleeping
in these stereophonic vibrations from this violin.
And they was all so happy,
because you know them animals is here,
it's a sensitive, they was tired of hearing
all them old gunshots and everything, you know.
Tired of their head, all them barbarous folks over there
shooting them animals.
I mean, it ain't right.
You know what I mean?
Animals don't shoot humans.
That's right.
And so they're sitting there digging this music
and here come a great big black panther.
And he come running out from behind the weeds there
and he say,
and he jumped on this violinist
and they'd hem up and the violin, the bow strings,
everything, chomp, chomp, chomp, chomp.
Wiped his mouth and you could just hear
all the other animals saying,
and he started to trot off like this
and this lion walked over to him and he says,
oh man, good lord.
What in the world did you do that for?
And the panther said, huh?
It don't make no difference.
Go on and how you think about it.
Well, this is one for you though,
because I mean, you know, a lot of you
have been hearing about the beat folks.
Well, actually I've got one prayer.
This dear heart over here on the side
asked me to say a prayer.
And I've got one prayer that really swings, friends.
You know, I've talked to some folks
and they think prayer ain't nowhere
and they think meditation is a stroke.
But wait a minute, meditation, prayer is asking for it
and meditation is waiting.
That's right.
Oh yeah.
Oh wait.
Just gotta hear this one little part.
Oh, I wish you would honey.
Oh, do it, do it.
Oh, well I just, I had to play that little
mini, mini, mini, mini.
I love it.
The fella talking there, ranting,
that was a brother Dave Gardner.
For those of you who weren't raised on the cat,
that wacky, wacky dude.
That's a good one.







Wacky, spacky.
What have I got here?
Oh yeah, okay.
Here's another cheerful little piece of music
that I, I don't know, it reminds me of my kids.
It's by one of my new favorite bands called Happy Flowers.
And you'll see why they call themselves that
when you hear this, if you're not familiar with Happy Flowers.
This is called,
Watch Cartoons.
I said,
I wanna watch cartoons.
I said,
I wanna watch cartoons.
I said,
I wanna watch cartoons
Come on, let me watch cartoons.
I said
I wanna watch cartoons.
I said,
I wanna watch cartoons.
I said,
I said I wanna watch cartoons!
Come on!
I said I wanna watch cartoons!
I already missed this first!
I said that I wanna watch cartoons!
I said I wanna watch cartoons!
Come on!
Let me turn on the TV!
How's about to start?
I said I wanna watch cartoons!
I said I wanna watch cartoons!

Let me watch them!
I said I wanna watch cartoons!
I wanna watch all the little ghostbusters!
That's all!
That's all I wanna watch!
Come on! Let me!
I said I wanna watch cartoons!
I said!
Come on!
I wanna watch cartoons!
If you don't let me turn on the TV
soon, all they'll have to be
Fraggle Rock!
I said!
I hate the Fraggles!
I hate the Fraggles!
I said I wanna watch cartoons!
I said!
I wanna watch cartoons!
I said!

That means I'm not in the TV!
I said!
I wanna watch cartoons!
I said!
I wanna watch cartoons!
Please!
Please!
Please, Mommy!
I really want to watch.
I like it.
I really do.
You let me watch my cocks.
You let me watch my cocks.
You let me watch my cocks.
I want my brother to turn blue.
I want to watch cartoons.
I want to watch cartoons.
I want to watch cartoons.
I want to watch cartoons.
The Passion of Children.
I've played that for all the parents out there.
Because I know that you'll understand.
I know that you'll identify with that.
Remember, those of you in the Dallas-Fort Worth listening area may call 823-7490.
And give Will-O-Dob something to do here.
He's waiting so patiently for your calls.
And as usual, when we start running out of...
things to say or play, we read from...
Fortean Times, the Journal of Strange Phenomena.
This is all true.
I've circled little interesting bits here.
A search through medical literature has found exactly 31 cases in all recorded history of people swallowing their toothbrushes.
One odd feature is that four of these incidents occurred in Durham, North Carolina.
In Rome.
In recent years.
The earliest reported case was in Hong Kong in 1882.
And the champion toothbrush swallower was a Soviet psychiatric patient who ate 16 of them in 1984.
One region in India reported six swallowings between 1960 and 1973.
Coinciding with Dobbs' years working for the...
Frederick's Holding Company at that time.
Hmm.
Strange what that great saint of sales can get people to do, if he puts his mind to it.
A mystery benefactor scattered 5,000 pounds worth of peseta notes along a two-mile stretch of motorway in Madrid
before vanishing into the traffic jam he had caused.
And less than a week later, the same anonymous man, or another, perhaps,
was back handing out 5-pound notes, or 1,000 peseta notes, in central Madrid and departing just before police arrived.
His origin and purpose remains a total mystery.
And dear friends, the earliest dwarf so far discovered, 3 feet tall and 17 years old,
lived with a tribe of nomadic hunter-gatherers in the mountains of southern Italy 11,000 years ago.
He suffered from an inherited form of dwarfism called acromesomelic dysplasia,
and must have been fed and cared for by his social group.
The site of his grave, at Riparo del Romito, in a valley linking the Tyrrhenian Sea to the Ionian,
was an important social and ritual center, and few had the status necessary to be buried there.
So you see, friends, even 11,000 years ago, the mutants, the beautiful mutants and the subgenius,


were able to convince the normals around them that the world owed them a living.
And friends, I hope that you're able to do that too.
You certainly owe the station a living, and that's why I would like to take this opportunity to remind you to send in your pledges.
...dolls, fish and worms, frogs and mice, it's time to spin some platters and be really cool and wicked,
and you groovadelic love generation, you.
Yes, that's right.
You too.
The kids are real beautiful today.
I never hoped to see one, but I can tell you sure right now I'd rather see them than be one.
It's the now-ago-go-world of the subgenius show.
The craft is hovering over the bovine now, and releasing its Waldo arms to pinch off portions of beefcake and beefsteak.
You mutilate it, you roast it. That's what we do down here.
You just come on in, folks, we'll give you a chainsaw and a sledgehammer.
You can poleax them, mutilate them yourself.
We'll cook it up for you.
Just hit them right between the eyes and tell them Bob sent you.
Just tell them God loves you.
What?
God loves you.
They'll never know the difference.
Called the Cordell Bank Marine Sanctuary,
the U.S. Marines plan to put up an enormous chunk of concrete and build a training base.
What are they going to train there?
Well, it's toilet training for those Marines who have been brain damaged by falling down too many stairs
in Quonset Huts carrying loads of irrelevant documents.
Yeah, watching the changing of the guard, I mean, you'd think they'd be old enough to change themselves by now.
Yes, well, they have to change the guard because without changing their right guard,
these Marines would smell pretty bad after the end of a long training mission, wouldn't you say, Ed?
Well, yeah, I...
The second Marine found the bean, Parley Vu.
Yes, indeed.
Oh, Parley.
Oh, Parley.
Oh, Parley.
I don't know about you, but I'm going to spend the next week thinking of ways I can murder the...
Well, let's turn that microphone off there.
Well, yes, if you're listening to this, we know where you live.
We know where you park your car.
Well, I have to look at that.
Look at those little campers building their calisthenics.
There they go, watch them wiggle as they sweat and perspire out by the lake and the camp
counselors are now wielding canoe paddles with abandon in their little rumps and forcing
them to perform cartwheels as part of their indoctrination.
Yee-haw!
Oh, yes sir, well, the other stations are having all kinds of problems.
Oh, dear friends, well, glad to know somebody's calling Will.
We'll have to return our calls tomorrow night.
This just ain't the time.
A brief note from South Korea.
Thirteen monks were injured in a battle over the leadership of a Buddhist temple in Seoul.
Hundreds of monks fought with clubs and stones.
So much for the way of peace and tranquility.
The body of bachelor Alfred Rylance was found standing at the kitchen sink in his one-bedroom
flat in Washbrook House, Sutton Estate, Salford.
He had been dead for at least a day.
A post-mortem revealed that he had inhaled his own vomit, but there was no evidence that
he had taken anything in an overdose quantity.
Police found that a cabinet and table had been broken and speculated that the dead man
had fallen into it.
It could have been an accident.
Convicted murderer Michael Godwin, 28, avoided the electric chair in Columbia, SC, where
his sentence was reduced to life on appeal.
While sitting naked on the metal commode in his cell, he electrocuted himself by biting
through the wire while mending the headphones on his TV.
Well, friends, sometimes there just is no slack.
Monkey business here.
The Saudi Oka newspaper reported on 27th of July, that the Saudi government had been

March 1988 that a man driving to work in the Kamis Mesheet region ran over one of a troop
of monkeys roaming the southern desert. When the remaining monkeys spotted his car on his
return journey, they jumped on it and smashed the windows with their fists. About 60 monkeys
attacked joggers and visitors wearing yellow in the Binang Botanical Gardens the day after
a youth wearing a yellow shirt had stoned a young monkey to death and taunted others.
There are about 350 monkeys in the gardens about 180 miles northwest of Kuala Lumpur,
Malaysia, which is itself about 400 miles north by west-east of Dobstown, Malaysia.
Dear friends, where you, after you send in your love offerings and join the Church of the
Subgenius, you can be sent to the jungle encampment in far-off Exile,


exotic Malaysia, where the sacred rituals of acubating and glandscaping will be applied
to your cranium, essentially, which will begin you on your long journey to over-manhood so
that you will be ripe for the plucking come X-Day when the men from Planet X come down
in their prophesied saucers.
And, uh...
Save we subgeniuses while blasting and frying the pinks, the normals, so that we may sit
at the great view screens of the sex vessels of the X-Men and sex goddesses watching the
pinks fry in their own fat like pieces of bacon.
Wait a minute.
That wasn't people frying in their own fat like pieces of bacon.


That was plain food you would have come across in India.
I just liked the reality.
Mutual produce!

greatiano!
.
That's the bacon проб.


With B1 girl, you can be the envy of all the girls. Pretty little Nancy loves her place. She's a bombshell with social grace. We've got a facial that's really hot. Surefire waxing, this is the spot.
What do you do for the artist? At the nuclear beauty parlor, you can curl up and die. Everybody wants to curl up and die.
We just made an appointment for you. You won't believe what we can do. We can change your image and alter your genes. Find out what permanent really means.
Acid wash and a fallout tits. Nuclear waste, you're soaking in it. We'll give you that winning smile. Who's that girl with the glowing style?
What do you do for the artist? At the nuclear beauty parlor, you can curl up and die. Everybody wants to curl up and die.
What do you do for the artist? At the nuclear beauty parlor, you can curl up and die. Everybody wants to curl up and die.
Make sure you're in on the current rate. You can be a star on the nuclear state. Radiate confidence all over town. Look in the mirror when the bombs come down.
A lot of you may now realize from the stuck up
NEWS
debate.
räge Just because you give up.
Okay,łam.
Bye.
I'll remind you, you're listening to the subgenius radio ministry hour of Slack.
Originating here at K-N-O-N.
Also in the news, street gang invades motionless world of Earth-6.
The weird street gang that goes about randomly improving things invaded a neighborhood,
in the nearby Earth plane 6.
Gang members now numbering in the thousands, repaired cars, built fences, painted houses,
and left presents for children and the elderly, in a rampant display of kindness and charity.
I don't know why we do it, said Leopold Warner, gang member.
It just happens.
Several gang members were arrested because no one is supposed to be moving in the Earth-6
area due to the anti-time, anti-change bill passed there a few months ago, local time.
I can't figure it out, said an Earth-6 member.
Policeman contacted later this week by resident psychic Tasmirila Dingus.
We're arresting the good guys for moving.
They're supposed to move.
Gang leaders vowed to continue their rampage until all members have had their fill of constructive
acts.
I don't want it to sound like we're doing this for the sake of some old bitties and
children we don't even know.
I want to make it perfectly clear that we strike randomly and for unfathomable personal
reasons, Warner concluded.
Well, there's just three things I know.
Well, the sky won't always be gold.
And there's people outside trying to fool you.
But there's three things I know.
One, I'm not a fool.

Two, because no one else when this אםor is a fool.
Three, I'm just a man.
Oh, praise Bob.
That was Gordon Truby.
And here is...
YA!
swinging love corpses
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Oh yes dear friends, sex with whales is nothing for a man with a love so large, Bob is a sex guide.
Disgusting swinging love courses.
Actually that was Ray Hay, only Ray Hay, a solo effort, that's why he can't understand the words too well.
And also why I'm gonna, I just realized why I really like Ray Hay.
We've developed a theme tonight.
All of a sudden, I've got, a few weeks back we were playing copies of Papa Prell's show.
Papa Prell is a cantankerous talk show host, you might say, in Stanford, California.
And I think this is 15 minutes so we'll barely be able to fit it all in.
In fact I may continue some of it next time.
It's hard to fit it all in sometimes, friends.
This is, this particular Prell show is not the kind of thing that you would hear on say, Oh Varied Voices, the show preceding ours.
In fact we might get in a lot of trouble for playing it, but well this friends is Papa Prell.
But I'm gonna get that down so that you can hear the lovely theme music as it comes in.
Praise Bob.
¶¶
¶¶
Hello out there in radio land.
It's time once more for another exciting installment of the Papa Prell show.
Tonight yours truly Papa Prell uses Mama Bell to call up a controversy over the phone, over the air.
I've got William Russell Gardner on the horn with me now.
Mr. Gardner has just written a book called The Wall.
And it's about the battle of the sexes, a battle he says the men are losing.
There ain't no doubt about that.
Could you elaborate on that some?
Well you know the statistics are is that they're, you know they're filing for over 60% of all the divorces in this country.
And they're the ones that are leaving the nest.
Men are seeking therapy, trying to hang on those.
You know another stat is, is that men continue holding on until the torch begins to burn.
And that's to burn his fingers.
Oh really?
Well you, you are a divorcer yourself aren't you?
Yes sir I am.
So some of this is personal experience.
Yes sir it is.
Is that what inspired you to write this book?
That's part of it and the other part is that the good Lord inspired me.
He's going to put a stop to this divorce epidemic.
And you know he's anti-divorce, he's anti-women's lib.
And how he's going to do it I don't know.
I don't know whether he's going to accomplish it through the act.
AIDS or through my book or what.
But it's like good housekeeping says.
It says that women are coming back and they, back and down.
And they call it the biggest movement since the 1960's.
Oh really?
Well you know it's interesting you bring up the Lord because I mean that's where this all starts.
Is at the altar and people make a promise to stay bound together till death do them part.
Now where did exactly, historically speaking, do you know where divorce came along?
And where they started unraveling this knot that was supposed to be there?
Supposedly that men would not undo?
Well it started actually in the Garden of Eden.
That where Satan interceded in this thing.
And then the lawyers followed suit.
That's right.
Well you know that's a pretty good analogy.
I could think, I know of a lot of lawyers that remind me of snakes let me tell you.
I guarantee you.
Boy you got the right, you hit the nail right on top of the head.
It says once upon a time courting was what you did at the start of the war.
It was a relationship.
Today court is where you go at the end of it.
I like that.
It's absolutely true.
And what about like out here in California they split the, I guess what's it called, the Commonwealth State?
Where they split everything you have right on down the middle.
It doesn't matter if you're a multi-millionaire before you get married.
Once you get divorced half of your estate goes to the woman.
That's true.
Now I don't know what it's like down there in Georgia.
Is that where you call, where you are now in Atlanta right?
Yes it well you know you have to look at it.
You know a half of a half of a half of a half is like the man that had been divorced two times.
And his friend tried to you know comfort him and said don't worry John.
He said there's still plenty of fish in the sea.
He said yes I know but the last one took all of my bait.
Oh boy I hadn't heard that one before.
And you know if you keep cutting down like you say you got a million dollars she don't have anything.
If she goes and marries you that's a million dollars.
And that's a good way of getting five hundred thousand dollars.
Uh huh.
And so then she'll go on to the next one and get a couple hundred thousand and on and on and on.
And you know after a man has two or three divorces he don't have you know a half of a half of a half.
If you keep you know the more the divorce is the less the percentage.
Uh huh.
Well you know my first son who died bless his soul had a wife that divorced him that just was always taking him to the cleaners.
And even before they got divorced she was always just running around.
Running up these gargantuan bills.
Uh huh.
Even my last wife spent my money like there was no tomorrow.
Well actually in her case there wasn't she died of an insulin overdose.
And not a moment too soon let me tell you.
I was at the end of my financial rope.
Yep.
And then there was her funeral bills.
I said just plant it in a pine box but the loss is you have to stuff them first.
So I say fine stuff in the flames cremate her.
But no the loss is you still have to embalm her.
What a rip off.
If I knew funerals were so expensive.
I would have divorced her first.
But then of course no telling what the course would have done.
What sort of legal precautions can a man take to be safe to marry these days?
Prenuptial agreements what do you recommend?
Well I think that the man needs to look at this thing in a realistic way.
In a rational way.
And he needs to take steps to protect himself.
Uh huh.
Prenuptial agreement is a good deal today.
Uh huh.
And he needs to you know the thought that a woman is pure innocent and is going to be submissive and secondary for all of her life is a farce.
It's a lie.
Uh huh.
And chances are a divorce is going to get you.
And she's going to get all she can.
So he needs to protect himself before he goes into this marriage bit.
Uh huh.
Even if she is you know best friends now.
I mean you get him in a court there with a vampire lawyer in between you.
It's not going to matter if you are best friends or not I guess.
I guarantee you.
What about trial marriages?
Do you think they're a good idea or where does this fit in or does it?
No I you know the thing about it is they women want more.
You know they want money.
They want to be independent.
They want to call their own shots.
Uh huh.
And to have this freedom and independence they need money.
Uh huh.
And money to them means power.
And uh and they'll they'll use their uh their sex appeal their bodies to get promotions
to get jobs and uh to lure men and then divorce him and get half of what he's got.
And so that's the way they go ahead today and make their way through life.
Well you know it seems a little bit unfair when you stop and think about it.
They've got affirmative action to uh make sure that the same number of women are hired as men.
And yet men can't live off their spouses.
And yet if you're a wife you can you know that let's just say 50% of the women don't get jobs and don't want jobs.
The other 50% are basically guaranteed by the government because they have double the uh uh well the employers uh want them so much more because half of their workforce is staying married and living off their husbands.
That's true.
So I you know it's it sure seems like an unfair bias to me but I I don't know exactly where these politicians are coming from.
Is there you think that special lobbying efforts are having an effect on this?
Uh what do you think?
Sure I think that uh well Women's Live you know they've been in existence uh you know in 1987 they celebrated their 20th anniversary to get the Equal Rights Amendment ratified.
And it's like the woman down here wrote in a newspaper a female lawyer she said Women's Live has created a generation of wimps.
Men or males I don't call them men but I say males have become wimps.
You know you don't hear men speak up like you and I are speaking up.
They're afraid.
They're scared.
You know they're scared.
You know they're they're they're scared.
And they're afraid that they're that they're gonna lose it all you know the government says you have to hire so many women especially if you get government contracts.
Uh huh.
And you have to promote so many.
And if you think that the government's one out of five employees you should see who has government contracts.
It's much larger than a fifth of the of the business out there.
Everyone and their brothers got some sort of money coming in from the government.
Yeah.
It is the biggest employer.
Yeah.
Well and these women know today.
They know you know divorce lawyers has increased over 100 percent since 1980.
Really.
And you know they're out there.
What 20 30 years ago when my wife divorced me you couldn't hardly find a divorce lawyer.
Uh huh.
How long were you all married.
I see your statistic here is six point nine years.
Did you make it that long.
Yeah I made it.
I made it 10 years.
Ten years.
Boy that's a by that time you probably had a home all built up and a couple of cars and property and investments.
Yeah.
But you know she knew that their law you told her don't worry the law is on your side.
You're going to get it all.
So don't worry.
And it just makes a woman a two fold child of hell that she was to begin with.
So she took the house and left you with the car.
Well she took the house and the new car and the kids and left me with the bills and the old car.
Oh boy.
What would you do as a job there.
Was it like she was unemployed and you you had a job.
Is that how they figured that out or what.

Oh no she was working making good money.
Holy moly.
But they don't care today.
That's what I'm saying that the government and this women's labor you know I never thought that women's labor had made so much of an inroads into society.
Well it was actually on the offensive.
Yeah.
And it's time for men to take customs last stand.
This is our last stand.
And we'll stand up and be men and tell the government what we want.
We want our rights back.
We want our God given freedom.

We want our position as head and authority of the household.
I'll tell you in the next 10 years we're going to be pushed right off the face of the earth.
Well I like that analogy of Custer's last stand.
You know it's it's a lot more lethal than Cupid's here I could tell you.
Well I think people only need to look around to see you know that you're not exaggerating too much.
Out here even if you didn't contribute to the husband's education if he if you help him get through college or whatever whatever his position is after following it.
Not only do you get half of the wealth that you have when you divorced but you get half of his income afterwards.
Like if he becomes a doctor and you put him you or his wife during the time that he went through medical school you get half of his income afterwards as well whether there's children or not.
Well it's strange you mention I mentioned one case in my book is about a woman that divorced her husband.
He was going to school to be a doctor and she got a hundred and eighty thousand dollar settlement and she got forty thousand dollars a year.
Holy mackerel.
A bank you only pay back the education loans at nine percent.
If they had that sort of deal where they make you a loan and put you through college and then you owe them half of the money that you earn for the rest of your life.
I can guarantee you there'd be a lot more banks around.
That's true.
You wouldn't see these SNLs going under.
That's true.
My goodness.
Well thank God I have met a man like you.
I didn't know that they existed any other than me.
Well you know it scares me when I stop and think about it.
You know if there's such wimps out there now when in a divorce situation.

Of course where are they going to be out there on the battlefield if we ever get involved in a war.
You know it's funny because the ERA wanted equal rights in every regard.
But when it came time for the draft then they started saying oh no well we don't think anyone should be drafted and we certainly don't think women should be.
That's true.
I always said that equal rights end when the dinner check arrives.
Oh really.
I like that one too.
Boy I wish I had called you sooner.
Yeah I was a little bit worried there too.
But you know.
Just because we're recognizing the problem isn't going to solve it.
Do you see any steps that the average individual can make in order to head off this problem?
Well it's going to be hard.
Uh huh.
And you know women are going to the Bible says for a woman to take a secondary and subordinate position.
And that's the only way it's going to work.
The problem in the last 20 years women's lives has come in.
It's run its course.
It's degenerating.
And hopefully that God is interceding and talking to these women saying you know maybe they're realizing that hey this is not where it's at.
I've had it all out here in the business world.
Uh huh.
And I'm still not happy.
Uh huh.
I want a husband, a family, kids and I want to find myself again.
Well old Papa Prel she knows how to pick them.
What you mean in subgenius church women have equal rights too?
Oh I'm going to be in that case I'm going to be a Christian.
Oh ho ho ho.
Well uh uh yeah Papa Prel there from Stanford.
I don't know how he does it.
Oh if that guy only knew.
Well friends we got to move out of here pretty quick like.
Actually I'm going to put in this just to scare you.
Ahhhh.
The Gyuto Monks friends and what they're saying in Japanese is you can get free information about Bob Dubs and the church of the subgenius with a simple 25 cent stamp.
And a postcard or anything sent to the number I'm about to give so get them pencils ready.
You can reach Bob.
And you don't even you don't actually have to.
You don't even have to put a stamp on it.
Just sit on the letter for a while rub it around inside your pants and just drop it ma'am.
Envelope drop it in the mail box and thank Bob.
At post office box 140306 in mighty Dallas Texas 75214.
That's Bob at P.O. Box 140306.
In Dallas Texas 75214 and you're listening to KNON 89.3 FM in Dallas Texas voice of the people and other things.
Showtime.
Stay tuned for what is it now?
Collector's Showcase.
Collector's Showcase.
Okay.
That's what I thought.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.



Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.


Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wow.
Oh yeah.
When did you start learning your English language.













Yeah, seem like afin switch back a time to what I was learning in college.
So, I just do what's convenient.

Oh, hallelujah.
diyomoro kom 사람이 wa Gurenih Erikunigen.
San- Nerdak 식 Bora!

Choir singing.
Choir singing.
