It was another normal night and I got done fighting with my wife
So I went down to the bar and just made all take and roll
Since I was a little kid they've been the two best friends
That a man could ever hope for in this world
Now I'm a normal guy and I work all day for my money
And I fear the good lord like I know I should
I ain't no new age coot but I gotta get this off my chest
And put this tragedy behind me now for good
I remember getting drunk and I remember falling down
And someone laid me on a pool table and I'd have been consumed
Then through the blinding lights two creatures stared into my eyes
Was that the jukebox or a flying saucer
Spent right through my eyes
And I'd tell myself this couldn't have been
No member of the human race
Had to be them sex-crazed little green men from outer space
Well it hit me like trouble in the back of my head
Knocked me clean out of my shoes
And when I woke up lord I wished that I was dead
I had got off the case of those abduction blues
It must have been an abduction lord
Cause I don't know what happened
Hit me like a bolt out of the blue
Now I think I'm gonna look crazy
But I know that it wasn't them
Say the things that they can't do and never do
Well when at last I woke up
Both my legs they had been broke
And both my eyes were black
And my ears was ringing bad
I'd seen enough of nasty things
But this was the worst case
Of intergalactic relations I've ever had
And I'd tell myself this couldn't have been
No member of the human race
Had to be them sex-crazed little green men from outer space
Cause it hit me like a shovel in the back of my head
Knocked me clean out of my shoes
And when I woke up lord I wished that I was dead
I had got off the case of those abduction blues
It must have been an abduction lord
Cause I don't know what happened
Hit me like a bolt out of the blue
Now I think I'm gonna look crazy
But I know that it wasn't them
Say the things that they can't do and never do
And never do
I'm gonna tell y'all a story you ain't gonna believe
It's about UFOs, big rigs, and barbecue
Well I'm squishing armadillos out on interstate
ten
Heading out of Houston once again
And I seen some shooting right across the sky
All covered in fur with one big eye
So I stomp on my brakes when my baby won't whine
I'm having me a close encounter of the diesel kind
Then the spaceman spoke and sounded sorta funny
Kinda like a Yankee bank up all that money
You know what he told me?
He said
Well UFOs are big rigs
That come from outer space
Stopping off at the truck stop earth
Looking for some food to eat
Can't get no weenie weenies
Out the basket great unknown
UFOs are big rigs
Birds from home
Now that furry flying salsa boy
Said he was looking for some barbecue
So I took him down to Dreamland BBQ in Tuscaloosa, Alabama
You know what we got?
We got
Bibbs white bread and ice cold beer
He was eating so hard he didn't even stare
And that boy was ugly too
Said the waitress reminded him of someone who was
Far far away
Took another right pill another long day
Everybody now
UFOs are big rigs
That come from outer space
Stopping off at the truck stop earth
Looking for some food to eat
Can't get no weenie weenies
Out the basket great unknown
UFOs are big rigs
Birds from home
Come on boys
I think I seen Mr. Spock over there
Hey
And that space alien said something that was music to my truck driving carbuncle butted ears
Let me tell ya
Well out past Mars ain't no speed limit
Said he owns his race truck
He ain't gonna rent it
And his back was aching
Could he somewhere get him a massage?
But stood in sapphire space
And loved the rise
Well UFOs are big rigs
That come from outer space
Stopping off at the truck stop earth
Looking for some food to eat
Can't get no weenie weenies




Getting old, mean and weenies
Not past the griddle, no
Yeah, UFOs and big rigs far from home
Oh
Yeah, UFOs and big rigs far from home
Oh yeah
And that boy shot out of here faster than Richard Petty
Yeah
Look out, Antony's got
I bet you can think of Dave Nemo and the Rose
Hold it off the side of the sun
Hold it off the side of the sun
You may not wanna stay and see how we take care of a turncoat
Christiana's kind of far away
So come along with me
We can dance and trip and be anarchists
We gotta get the manual and put it in the oven till it cooks
We're gonna take the ashes to the wasp zone
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
World of Anarchy Camp
Reckless abandonment
Random acts of dumbness
We'll be rewarded if you see somebody taking charge
But sure
You'll be rewarded if you see somebody taking charge
expected to beat them.
Everyone who's going will be
participating. No one who is someone
will ever get to know
the joys of anarchism.
Destruction of
the system, yeah.
So come along with
us.
Salad days and
nights on the anarchic
bus.
Gonna pick up indigents and crusties
and a half a dozen nuts.
And we're
never coming home.
Underwater basket
weaving.
Methamphetamine symposium.
African
killer spelling bees.
Bowling in ice hockey
rinks.
Anarchy camp's never a nerd.
You think we don't know that?
Not much fun till someone gets hurt.
So we're greasing up the rusty bird
ramp. Time to make
some reservations for next
year's Anarchy Camp.
What was that? No FX?
And before that was
Reverend Mojo
Nixon.
And before that, Hank Floyd.
Hank Floyd.
Man, I'd forgotten about them.
I unearthed that just recently
and freaked out.
Hank Floyd? Redneck
UFO rock.
So an unusual
genre.
Redneck UFO USA.
Right here
in our own
backyard.
For actual show purposes
of course, we use the show.
We use our beloved
intro.
Generic music composed by the immortal
Hans Salter.
Hans
Salter.
I'm here performed for you by the
Merseyside
Common Music
by the Moscow Symphony Orchestra.
And when those
started playing this
monster movie music.
This is incredible. What is this?
Is this the new avant-garde music?
I'm trying.
Welcome to the subgenius radio
ministry hour of slack.
Ta-da.
With your favorite horror hosts
Papa Joe Mama
Dr. Joe Gordon Gordon
and the scary
Dr. Howell
No.
Why do you care about me?
The back that flips at close
appeal has left
the brain.
The owl that calls upon the night.
Speaks the unbelievers
right.
One of today's listeners
will be dead by the end of the broadcast.
Will it be you?
Or will you just be sitting there
melting slowly as our
hatred swamps
across you?
Remember the incredible melting
man? Yes, he.
The repulsive monster movie where the guy just
turned into a blob of
globs.
Well, that could happen.
Especially at temperatures
excessive of the normal range
for the human organism to function.
Like today's teacher.
Such as here.
My sentiment exactly, Dr. Howell.
This is a wonderful place for people to come
and slowly melt down to their
basic protoplasmic
selves.
In the words of Edgar Allan Poe,
a mass of loathsome and detestable
putrescence.
Ah!
Better kept Hollywood secrets.
But they'd clean it up.
Yeah, I think we need to get off the putrescence.
Now we're getting our banner here.
You know, our banner
is known on land and sea.
When people see our banner,
they flock to us
because of what our banner
promises.
As we hold our banner high, I think you've got it upside down.
Oh, well.
Isn't the red hand supposed to be
pointing the other way?
Well, you've heard of the black hand.
Well, no, this is the red hand.
You've got to try the original.
The cozy nostril.
Oh, careful.
The subgenius secret mafia.
The importance of this
bloody hand banner
is so that we can
adjust ourselves
without embarrassing the audience.
Absolutely.
You don't want people looking at your feet
while you're doing a show.
Then they can see if you're fidgeting.
Yeah, there's a lot of things
that the audience doesn't need to see.
It would ruin the show.
I've got my pocket
Loutreman here, by the way, lads.
Very good. You notice that Papa Joe's
hands are never above
the table.
I've actually got a spare set below.
A manipulative fellow.
Then there's that third arm.
It doesn't have the digits.
Oh, there you go.
It's kind of got the elephant's trunk.
The elephant's knees
then fell on his knees.
What became of the monk?
That's why you should always keep some peanuts in your extra...
pocket there so it'll be distracted.
Or peanut butter, actually.
You can keep that.
You can just smear it in your shorts
and it takes them away.
It activates the wet-dry vac
and just pulls those right out.
Well, how long has it been
since you visited the Big Top, Papa Joe?
I saw the trapezes flying
and the lions coughing and waltzing.
Well, once they started
and they instituted the safety net,
it took a lot of the enjoyment away from me.
But the lions,
they helped.
Because a few of those escaped.
You may have caught that news item where...
Siegfried and Roy were mangled and mauled, you mean?
Yeah, that was the best magic act ever.
Yes, yes.
I would have to agree with you there.
Some payback.
Most convincing.
It was like he really got mauled right there.
It was amazing.
And you know, they never could figure out
how that lock got somehow...
Someone seemed to have filed it loose.
Well, there was a story
that a little dwarf came and filed it loose.
A little dwarf named Sting.
Stumpy, wasn't he?
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Come on, you guys.
All right.
Okay.
We're sorry.
It's a rumor.
It doesn't deserve the dignity of being offered.
Besides, who would be called Stumpy?
I mean, that's not even a real name.
No one would voluntarily.
That's part of the sickness of the entire thing.
Don't crush that, Sting.
Just pass me the Ivan.
Stangor likes Stumpy.
Stangor is...
Stumpy is a little helper of Stangor.
Stangor is manifesting itself.
Original Stumpy.
Stumpy can fit in small places.
Stumpy doesn't mind.
Stumpy doesn't mind.
He doesn't mind if you call him Stumpy.
He knows he's Stumpy.
Now we're in trouble, Dr. Howell.
We're going to have to put both of the personalities back in.
I don't know how to put the kibosh on this.
Here it is.
Stumpy can hide in Stangor's backpack.
Will somebody slap Stang, please?
Stumpy can hide in Stangor's loincloth.
Let him get out of his seat when you're trying to find out
who's got the brain beneath the shell
or constantly moving around.
Obviously, Stumpy does not have the brain beneath the shell.
No.
He's got something beneath it, but it's not the brain.
Yes.
He has the testicle.
Well, Dr. Howell.
Now that you're in the land of the burning heart of America,
how do you feel being here in wonderful Ohio?
Well, I used to live in wonderful Illinois,
so it's not as strange and alien as it might seem.
Moreover, I visited wonderful Missouri back in the 60s
where I spent some of my time with actual hillbillies.
They themselves so identified themselves.
I, too, lived in Missouri.
And no finer people ever lived.
I might say.
I still am.
I didn't know they had hills in Missouri.
In the Ozarks, near the Current River.
Do you know it?
The closest town, and there aren't really any towns,
is the tiny hamlet of Grandin, Missouri.
But I'm talking about the woods and the slopes of the mountains
and the people who live there.
Near a place called Bay Nothing.
It's the name of a bay in the Current River.
What do they have there, Howell?
Nothing.
Not much.
But they have...
They have a great zest for life.
And they know old arts that others have forgotten.
What sort of old arts?
Well, they know how to prepare a homemade needle for a wound-up Victrola,
which plays old tango and foxtrot records.
All sorts of things like that.
They really do have ringer washing machines on their porches
where they also have their rockets.
I know some hillbillies in Missouri.
They're great people.
The Drummond brothers.
Remember the Drummond brothers?
Oh, yeah.
Sphinx and...
Yeah, and that guitar picker they had.
They was the chicken diddlers and git fiddlers.
Yeah.
They had a band.
Anyway, the other night I was getting a kind of a Bay Nothing whiff from this place.
The Swingin' Love Corpses.
That was their other...
Yeah, that was...
The guys in drag with the long hair, right?
Yeah.
They turned into a bunch of sissies, didn't they?
Yeah, that's what I heard.
One of them just stayed in Austin and...
They wanted to go pro, so they had to do that.
They're just having a little fun.
Well, I heard Philo was...
You know, kind of that way from the beginning.
You mean like Anderson Cooper?
Yeah.
Philo is on his way here.
He went Anderson Cooper on us.
Philo will settle everyone's hash here.
Philo has been on his way here for at least a month now.
Well, he had to take special side trips into picaresque Fred Flintstone's bedrock village
and New Orleans, Louisiana.
Is that still on there?
This is the subgenius payback for not being here in a timely manner.
You're the one who's talked about the most.
Yes.
Hey, do you know if...
Do you know if Flintstone's bedrock village is still open, Dr. Howell?
That's just it.
It's not open.
It's a hideous ruin of Fred Flintstone's hometown with everything punched in and vandalized
and sightless dinosaurs staring out over the desert.
Oh, like the Six Flags in New Orleans where it's now just a ghost park with graffiti and...
I'm glad I saw it when it was still open.
I've got some nice fresh postcards of Flintstone Village, which I can turn to when I have a
craving to see the place.
Dr. Howell, you were raised on Flintstone vitamins, weren't you?
I was not.
I never took a single one.
You weren't a Flintstone kid?
Certainly not.
In fact, we never watched the Flintstones while it was on the Truth Detailer.
An absolute travesty of paleontology.
But I have to tell you, there is a rumor going around that you were a Flintstone child
and you did take Flintstone.
Well, everyone should learn how to nap flints.
Our primitive ancestors did this and you'll never know when you need a good flintstone





imization.
Forget it.






u
u
o
k
o


id
Again, it's Betty.
It's Betty.
You like Betty, huh?
The lure of the unknown.
Yeah, let's say hands for Betty.
Potter Nostril and Abnorm Nihil are Betty.
They're Barneys, we could say.
More than you do of Betty.
Those are Barneys.
Betty's hot water is a scrawny skrank.
What's the matter with you?
I like Wilma because she had a more revealing costume.
It was as simple as that.
Really?
She had that shoulder, you know, that strap-less side.
Yeah, but she was more into fat guys,
and I thought Betty being interested in little dwarves,
that was kind of hot.
You know, somebody told me that we weren't all going to talk at once,
but apparently that...
That person lied.
Yes, obviously, and it was staying.
You didn't know our ancient, most hallowed traditions,
which is all to yell simultaneously at the top of our voices.
Yes!
You're right, Dr. Howell, you're absolutely right.
I hate that.
Yeah.
All right, well, all right, I'll just wrap up here.
That's good, yes.
Well, I'll just talk about stuff here and not pay any attention to anybody else.
It reminds me very little of the time when I was living in Bolivia.
Well, if you talk at the same time, then people might actually hear what you're saying,
and it's better to talk simultaneously.
If I talk at the same time you are, I don't have to listen to what you're saying,
or staying, or howling.
I can just talk.
We might have to think about what we're about to say,
and that would just be counterintuitive to the entire subgenius process.
Do not engage brain before putting mouth in gear.
That's not true, Dr. Howell.
Put us on the trail of the screaming forehead.
It's spew before you think in our church.
Remember that.
We could lose our skeletons in Kadabra.
It would be horrendous.
The lost skeleton of Chupacabra?
Well, if you're...
Well, I thought Chupacabra was alive and not lost in.
We may have to take a shot of porheadazine in order to remember that correctly.
I'm not that familiar with it.
But Chupacabra isn't dead.
He's in Austin.
I saw him a week ago.
Chupacabra?
In fact, slanted.
Vanderbob will tell you that Chupacabra's not dead,
so how can we have his skeleton?
Dr. Howell, there is no Chupacabra skeleton.
Why must there be only one?
There have to be at least two, the sire and the mayor.
Wasn't he the one that built the Xanadu and made the sacred ode decree?
Something like that.
Yes, yes.
It was done during a...
That was Kublai Cabra.
The golden edge of your tarnished recollection.
I'm afraid the reality is somewhat more gritty and well-urbanized.
Well, the coot part is sort of...
Well, that's universal.
Yes, yes.
Unfortunately, the entire palace disappears the moment the dreamer awakes, so stay asleep.
And what's worse, all the money they paid you also disappears.
Exactly.
It turns into leaves or worse.
I thought that disappeared when you bought the drugs that brought on the dream.
Well, ideally, you get those without paying.
Well, actually, if you're good at getting into trance states, you get the dream without getting drugs.
You just run in circles in the blazing sun until you fall down.
It's good enough for the oom-bushman.
It ought to be good enough for you.
I mean, why do you put drugs...
That itself is the dream and not an actual stressful physical activity.
Well, this is one of the reasons people need to dig deep and bring forth their money to the Church of the Subgenius.
The dream of the Subgenius Cathedral is still a live dream.
And, of course, people get all caught up in the architecture and who's going to build it and how much it's going to cost.
Look, the important part is that the atmosphere within the Church of the Subgenius,
it will be filled with church air.
You will experience Bob when you enter that cathedral.
Did anybody bring any church air to this jungle?
Oh, yes.
Oh, really?
Oh.
There was a big balloon flying over the campgrounds.
Well, that was very thoughtful and foresighted of you, Michael.
How come nobody ever tells me about these things?
The problem is that people don't realize that Bob is the center to which all must flow.
If you look at the luck plane, Bob is that incredible little point that pulls the luck plane down.
And you...
When you give to Bob, you create a ripple in the luck plane that draws you towards that nexus that is Bob.
And eventually, you will fall down into the singularity of Dobbs and be blessed.
Well, he takes all your slack.
That's how he gets his slack.
Yes, but you get slack giving it to Bob.
When he's done with you, you're a slackless husk.
Look at me and see what he's done.
That man has so much slack in a Swiss bank account, you would not believe it.
And one of the major trends...
He mentions how the luck train...
...is not to discuss our very private, personal business...
Yes, but calling himself a slackless husk, I mean.
To those uninitiated, they just don't realize that the main attraction to the luck plane isn't that it brings us so much luck,
but that it actually takes luck away from those who are not subgenies.
That's right.
Because that's why you surf the luck plane.
And it also makes you feel more lucky because as you're just having an average day, they're having a terrible day.
And then if they're having a really terrible day,
you're having an exceptionally wonderful day.
That you're beginning to explain the workings of the slack plane, Doctor.
And I'm very glad you brought that up.
Well, one thing we might mention is that although we consider it intensely desirable to follow the path of surfing the luck plane at all times,
you know, imitating the world's most slackful man, J.R. Bob Dobbs,
one thing about surfing is that every now and then, inevitably, you wipe out.
So you should expect that once in a while.
That's right.
And get back up on your board and stop whining and complaining, especially to us.
No, whining and complaining is the slack for some of us.
We really don't care about butt hurt one bit.
In fact, if your butt hurts, we're glad because it means ours doesn't.
It tans the leather of your spirit.
It toughens this sinew of your psyche.
If one of those sharks comes up and takes your arm or your leg while you fall off that surfboard,
well, you're just supposed to get back on and surf the hell out of it.
They'll probably make a Hollywood movie out of it.
It's admirable then.
It's sexy.
And then you will be famous and can overdo yourself on false drugs and lose your slack
and become the husk of Ivan's stand.
The one who's missing the testicle or whatever other appendage lost when he fell off that surfboard.
It was a luck shark that got him.
Perhaps it was a sacrifice to the great unknown.
Well, it was a sacrifice to Dobbs, wasn't it?
Well, that little seed is going to worm its way through the pink world
and help contaminate the world.
And help contaminate their bloodlines and help present what can be the future.
And if Dobbs has the testicle of Stang,
does he need anything else?
Given time.
Well, that begs the question, what is in the testicle of Stang?
Well, only Bob knows because he's...
The last testicle of a subgenius.
Ivan Stang.
Well, there's the first testicle and then there's the last testicle.
The undescended...
As G. Gordon Gordon put it,
yeah, you've got one...
One nut like Hitler and one like Stalin.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Well, it's true.
Very funny.
Hitler.
Well, there's only...
They were wonderful subgeniuses.
What's wrong with having one nut like Hitler?
I just feel...
I personally, I just feel sorry for all the one penis.
It's the missing nut that activates the hatred that causes those things to happen.
That's why Stang, you know, got his religion.
It was the hatred.
One and a half penises.
People are all...
Turn on this thing about Christian love and religion.
It's brotherly love.
You know, that does bring people together.
But what really brings people together, let's be brutally honest here, it is hatred.
Hate.
It is a unified hatred.
It's when all your country hates one particular minority or one particular race or one particular country.
That's what brings people together.
What would the Middle East be without the Arabs hating the Jews and the Jews hating the Arabs?
That's what makes it such a vibrant country.
Well, like Lebanon, where the Maronites hate the Jews and the Jews hate the Shia.
I hate the Shia.
The Maronites and the Shiites hate the...
And, you know, I'm a Christian over there.
That's a real Christian.
They don't just sit over there and pray when they're attacked.
No, they take out their machetes and they attack back.
I mean, it's a game.
It's like...
We're not for the K-machete.
Yeah, and what kind of marriage are you going to appreciate?
The one where it's sort of like, oh, we never fight.
We just love each other all the time.
Screw that.
No, we want the real marriages.
The Jackie Gleason marriages.
One of these days, Allison, pow, to the moon.
This is the type of religion we want.
Well, it is the type.
It's the type of religion that we want.
We want that pure burning hatred that levels city blocks, that shuts down filling stations.
You know, there's another word for that hatred.
It's called passion.
Passion.
Do you want a passionless religion?
No.
Do you want a passionless marriage?
I've got a passionless marriage.
There's no problem with that.
Well, but you are married in the religion of the passion.
You've got to have a church.
You have to marry a subgenius in a subgenius church in order to maintain the passion of hatred that keeps that love alive.
Oh.
Well, I made a mistake.
You made a mistake, didn't I?
To be in a passion, some good may do, but no good if a passion is in you.
Wasn't that December 7th you made that mistake?
Yes, yeah.
I told you, that was not the island.
It was farther to the east.
It was Ding Dong's day, you know, and we were celebrating the Battle of Blood River,
and we were a little hungover when we were looking for the island.
It wasn't my fault.
Did that feature the pirates of Blood River?
No, no.
It was the Battle of Blood River between the Boers and the Zulus in 1834.
That one.
Yes.
People don't realize that Gordon Gordon started World War II with his flying tiger brigade bombing the wrong island.
Yes, and puzzling evidence single-handedly lost the Vietnam War.
That's true.
That was terrible.
That's actually true.
Absolutely true.
And in so doing, he won it, but for the wrong side.
Yes.
Someone had to.
Anyway.
But my wife was in Vietnam, and, you know, they still remember puzzling evidence in Vietnam.
They asked her, do you know of the American with the one brow?
The unibrow.
Unibrow.
She said, oh, yes.
Very charming.
I think they have a beard named after the unibrow.
Unibrow beard, yes.
He's a good egg.
He's doing my show while I'm gone.
A good egg?
A good egg?
A good egg.
Oh, I thought you said egg.
They're throwing good eggs at him right now, I'm sure.
Yes.
Poor Dr. Evidence.
What day is it anyway?
He's already done it.
Yes, it's Thursday.
That's California time.
Today is Thursday?
Thursday and Tuesday.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
It's Tuesday.
That's better.
That feels better.
I was looking at the wrong side of my watch.
But in Taiwan, it is Wednesday or Monday.
What happened to Stang?
Did he die over there in the corner?
I was just thinking, I can't wait to hear the recording of this show, so I'll know what was said.
He's enjoying a peaceful rest.
That's because Stang transcribes him for the conspiracy.
I was thinking, I need to, I should have brought my really, really long headphone cord.
Is Dr. Howell going to be autumn?
To plug him?
To there.
Is Dr. Gordon going to be too close to the mic?
Well, he'll mix and roll in the mystic mud in the manner of the ancient sorceress.
During subgenius mind control experiment 2200.
The audience will be waiting while we...
Let me old deaf guy.
2012.
Who's the old deaf guy?
I'm the old deaf guy.
Hey, I'm different too.
What are you talking about?
What?
Shut up.
And fade out.
Gentlemen, please.
Please.
Please.
It's okay.
It's...
The man has been playing a video game for so long that he has lost track of reality.
And when he gets a little upset, this avatar of his comes popping out with a blazing hammer or something.
It just starts leveling off at people.
On the reality channel.
I admit being old.
I'm proud of being old.
Because when you're old, you don't have to worry about all that shit that you people worry about, like getting old.
Well, I...
You've got a point there.
I don't care.
When you're old, you're still...
When you're young, you've just got a couple of layers on top of that.
Once you're old, you don't worry about getting old.
We don't worry about the nation.
Now, Papa Joe Bob has got many years before he doesn't have to worry, because he's so young.
And we...
Not resilient.
Even rubbery.
And we know that the end times will come in our lifetime, so the older we are, the quicker it'll be here.
That's exactly right.
And that's why I'm hanging in here.
It could be, according to some, that the age you are when the exits come is the age you will be throughout the rest of eternity.
There's no...
That is not fair.
No kidding.
No, I am not signing up for that.
I'm leaving right now.
But there's time control.
I thought that was the whole concept of time control.
I want a young body, Doctor.
How?
I want a new liver.
I want a heart without slinkies in it.
Come on.
Well, maybe they'll fix you up.
I want to go back to the time of conception.
That's how I want to spend my eternity.
Swimming around in that wonderful yeast.
The yeast is red.
There'll be a feast of yeast.
I just want a frump stick that never goes out.
Me and all my pals competing to be the first one to cross the finish line.
I want a frump stick that just burns forever.
Who will win?
Born up by buoyant fungus bubbles.
Forgetting all our woes and troubles.
It's us against the womb.
Woes and troubles?
I didn't know.
One egg.
A million adversaries.
Reverend Susie, the flimsy has an excess cigarette that never goes out.
She can be baptized with it.
It stays lit.
Didn't she set the baptismal pool on fire one year with that damn thing?
That was in Cleveland.
Yeah, that was in Cleveland.
It's not only...
That's in the...
It's flaming the entire Holga River.
Any cigarette that Susie puts to her lips is an X-rated cigarette.
Burn on big river.
Burn on.
Burn on big river.
It becomes the sexiest of cigarettes.
Pater Nostril is approaching.
Howl sounds overmodulated.
Howl sounds too loud.
Overmodulated?
Oh, I'm so sorry.
No, no, nothing's going through here right now.
I never meant to overmodulate.
You'll have to edit this part out.
Show us.
That's because his thoughts are overmodulated.
His thought patterns are overmodulated.
I'll tell you what I'm going to do.
I can barely hear you.
What he thinks is overmodulated.
Well, if I get too close, it's loud.
No, you just talk louder.
No overmodulation.
Okay, how's that?
Well, everybody knows howl's the screamer.
He's the one with the plate currently.
Oh, okay.
But can they hear me now?
Not when you turn your face away.
Then I can't hear you.
You can't hear if I talk in the corner.
I hide a style of my face in time.
Howl with the voice of Wally Cox.
Can you imagine him screaming at someone?
I really do think that perhaps we should reconsider the situation.
The situation that you have placed us in.
Please, don't shout at me like that.
The wicked through the bridegroom.
What is that man talking about?
Will not seek after God.
What is he talking about?
God is not at all in his thoughts.
If we knew what we were talking about, we wouldn't belong here, would we?
His ways are always grievous.
My judgments are far above out of his sight.
If I could hear what anybody was saying up here, I might be able to participate.
As for all his enemies, he puffeth at them.
But unfortunately, I can't hear anything.
Not even Dr. Howl.
I need earphones.
Where are my earphones?
We don't have earphones on this junkyard.
I always got earphones on KPFA.
Why don't I have earphones here?
How did you get them in this land here?
Out at the back of Beyond, of course.
Oh, I forgot.
They don't have earphones.
He's trying to get past that Bluetooth phase.
I thought Gordon had the green tooth in his mouth somewhere where he could hear all this stuff.
Green tooth?
You have the green tooth?
When you smiled, I thought I saw it.
Sally, you don't have to pity, though, to go into the ball.
I can't hear what you're saying, Doctor.
Well, then you're green.
The green tooth isn't plugged in.
Watch out, or I'll air my third nostril and you'll be in real trouble.
There's no need for any of that.
Oh, I get a green tooth.
It's like a Bluetooth that hasn't been brushed in a long time.
Well, something like that.
And it's implanted directly into the mouth, so when you speak and hear, you hear it both simultaneously.
It helps for subgenius preachers to hear what they're saying.
Oh, you know, the great thing about being deaf is that you don't have to listen to nearly as much blither, blather, and garbage.
Well, the purpose is...
Like, for instance, I haven't heard anything you guys have been saying this whole time.
Imagine my luck.
You're the one who's enjoying this show the most.
That's why.
So far.
But you'll have to go over it later.
I can't hear what he's saying.
That's when the real pain will eat its way into your brain.
No, this is when you're supposed to go,
More monitor! More monitor!
It's over-modulated.
Well, I'm sorry. I over-modulated.
I have to admit it. Everyone says it's true.
That's why he's the modulator of this panel.
Yeah, usually...
Or the overlord. The over-modulator.
When you're on the Puzzling Evidence show, I'm straining to hear you over Philo.
Of course, Philo pretty much obliterates all other noise.
Well, that's because Philo...
Except when Wellman is playing his five soundtrack albums at once.
Well, that's the method.
The tried and true method of our radio broadcast.
See, that's one of the things that Puzzling Evidence did in Vietnam.
He is a decoder, and he would help...
Yeah, but you would error.
...cypher everything.
...earphones on his show.
And he does the same thing now on his show.
He makes it impossible for the enemy to understand what's being said.
...the lack of earphones.
Unfortunately, he's a little too efficient.
Especially being old and deaf.
It works also for sub-G9.
I really don't like the lack of earphones.
Or the lack of beer.
It's bad. Bad.
The beer fear.
I think my beer is here, actually.
I ordered some.
How euphonious.
You know, the Russians, they have a special steam bath type process
in which they whip you with sage.
And then they just take a bunch of brushes and pour beer over hot rocks.
And you are bathed in the vapor.
And then you're tossed down in the snow to roll around like a bear.
And then a very grim-faced looking woman with her hair in the bun
switches you with hazel twigs while you run shrieking and howling through the snow.
Well, didn't you guys hear?
That's our new tradition at 7 a.m.
We're going to start at 6.30 a.m.
I'm going to have the pond filled with dry ice.
Yeah, there are.
We'll all dive into it after being whipped with sage.
No, no, no, no.
You've got to be whipped after you jump into it.
Stinging nettles.
Before people pay their registration fee, you should come out and tell them.
And I did bring the wasp.
It's barely the same.
Well, not that we'll need it.
But other than that.
The wasps will come anyway.
But I do have wasp attractor.
And it's not really beer.
Unfortunately, Dr. Stang, there is no dry ice available on the eastern shore to the United States.
It's more like Cyclone B.
But other than that, it's just like that process.
What is that guy talking about?
Is he stinging?
Is he saying anything?
I can't hear him.
No, no, no.
We're not saying anything.
We're not saying anything.
Well, you said we could all talk at once.
No, I said we can't.
We shouldn't all talk.
He said we should all think at the same time.
Well, you should tell that guy next to you and never stop talking.
I mean, that's just the basic problem.
No, think at the same time.
How can we get a word in when he won't stop?
It's not think.
Do not think at the same time.
But talk at the same time.
Correct.
That's what.
I'm getting a little confused.
I think we should just go home.
There are several subgenius traditions that I wish to God had never been invented.
Had Philo never.
Ever uttered the word anti-music, the world would be a much better place.
There's no going back.
And if puzzling evidence had not sat in on that first subgenius panel discussion and
sterno, we would be comprehensible now.
But instead, everything got off on this insane, let's kill the audience approach.
And hence, we're not on network TV, but in a little campground.
Well, I would like to.
I would like to say something.
I would like to say something here.
But look, we're surrounded by subgeniuses instead of pinks.
So I guess we win.
Well, hey, I was wanting to say something, if I may, that when you have a group of subgeniuses together,
nobody waits and takes their turn to talk.
You all talk at once.
That's the subgenius.
You can hear five different conversations at once.
Now, see, this in a nutshell is the difference between an evangelical and a holocaustal.
Only Ivan Stang would actually think that the subgenius ever could be optimistic enough to be on network TV.
The reality is, is if they comprehended us, we would all be in concentration camps right now.
No, no.
I don't agree.
I don't agree on the concentration camps.
We would be arrested by now.
We would probably be lined up and shot.
You would be in jail for the last ten years at least.
From 1998, just for defrauding the audience.
I mean, that would be the given.
Future head of the Bob Stoppo over there.
Why don't we all trade sentences?
You know, I say a sentence, then G. Gordon Gordon says a sentence.
And Stang says a sentence.
And then Papa Joe Mama says a sentence.
Do we have to listen to each other's sentences?
The exquisite corpse of radio.
Oh, okay.
But you just started, right?
That was my sentence.
My sentence is that I can't hear what anybody's saying.
Oh.
My sentence is that I'm stuck here on this panel.
You beat me to it.
But I've been sentenced to do hours of slack every week for eternity.
The true sentence.
This is the audience there.
They had to listen to it.
But you don't.
You retired, remember?
Legume has to produce the hours of slack now.
You don't have to do this anymore.
I don't even know why we're up here doing this.
You know, there was a point.
Each person's sentence does not need to begin with my sentence is.
We're going to aim for a sort of naturalistic give and take.
Manly sparring, pushing and shoving, you know.
How about the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog?
That's my sentence.
Very vivid.
Well, I'm just always going to remember that golden age of the subgenius reign.
That brief two days in which Reverend Katar Legume was in charge of the church.
Say what you will, but for that brief, shiny moment in subgenius history,
the trains did run on time.
Yeah, but they went backwards.
They went straight to the showers.
Every one of them.
Well, you know, there was a point there.
I went, hey.
You know.
You know, both of these guys have said a lot more than a sentence.
Did you notice that?
I mean, they're like.
It's really impossible to regulate, but it was an idea.
It was a nice try, Dr. Howell, but I just don't think it's going to work because they don't make sentences.
They just declaim.
They just spout.
Well, we are here to spout.
Yes, but.
Spout subgenius doctrine.
For surely every inane comment we happen to make, perhaps though driven by a bubble of gas in the inside,
is.
Destined to become subgenius doctrine.
That's anti-iracibility doctrine.
Anything subgenius says is automatically doctrine.
Extending brass.
I'm high E-pop.
Who let the chipmunk in?
Is there a chipmunk?
Forget that that's a two-edged sword.
That means everything every other subgenius says subsequently is also subgenius doctrine.
Well, that's why we're enjoying total gridlock in the church right now.
Well, thousands of years from now, and this has to be turned into some sort of profit-making,
machine.
They'll put together a little committee of Jesuits who will go through each of these little pieces of information and edit it down and come up with the official version.
No, no, I'm tired of this idea of marching into the future.
This church worked best when it was limping along like a dinosaur with hemorrhoids.
So you want to be here now, eh, doctor?
It's gotten worse, if anything.
That's what I'm wondering.
The hemorrhoids are bigger, the limping is worse.
But it was the great era of the golden subgenius when the church was lerping along on a wing and a prayer.
And that was it.
That's what the audience is for.
The audience is to grab hold of that hemorrhoid and pull it out and expand on it.
No, no, we want to go back to the old ways.
We don't want to shove that hemorrhoid back in.
The old hatred ways we want to go back to.
This church of the subgenius, PC, light and sweetness.
God, we'll be having bake sales the next thing you know.
That's not a bad idea.
Oh, I want a cookie.
That's an idea.
Bake sale.
I want a cookie for dogs.
Bake sale.
Give me one of those.
Oh, no, I'll have the cake.
I'll have the Lady Connie finger cake.
I see it.
This church is going down the tubes.
Can I have a Yut-Sauce brownie?
Wink, wink.
I just like...
Have a half baked idea sale.
Half baked idea sale.
We've got that.
I mean, we've been trying to sell that for what, 30 years?
We've been giving that away for the last hour.
Yeah, that's the super sale.
What, the half baked idea?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Maybe that's our next venture into publishing, the subgenius recipe book.
An outgrowth of this annoying Bob's Food Porn website, perhaps.
Yes.
I think that would be very good.
Connie's cake recipes.
And reveal the horrifying truth about what and how subgeniuses eat.
Princess, we have been working on a bizarre recipe book called The Gastronomical Astronaut.
Well...
She's a very inventive cook, and every now and then she comes up with something that
needs a name, because it had no name.
But it's good, and it's worth writing down.
Subgenius culinary idea.
I've actually come up with something Middle Eastern sounding like, gajwoosh bad me.
Oh, I always went for something brown so far.
Gastronomic Magellan.
A vascular dogama.
What was that name again?
Has no name?
I want to write that down.
Has no name?
That's the name?
Has no name.
Has no.
Has no name.
Has no.
Has no.
Has no.
Has no.

Has no.
Has no.
Has no.
Has no.

Has no.
Has no.
Have no name.



What do you mean, tune people to vote for him?
Yes.
Like, Lars and Pierce...
They'll have a billboard in the back.
The electronic billboard that shows...
Yeah, that across there, their eyes are...
What, Scandinavian?
I had no idea that that was...


What, Scandinavian?
I never noticed that.
Reverend Stang used to offer to sell the Church in its entirety...
I thought it was just the way it was so cold that their brows ringled...
...to somebody for a certain price and the price would go up as the Church became better
known.
Yes, what people don't realize is now that ever growing number...
...it's actually a negative number.
That's what we will pay for someone to take the church off our hands.
The question is who will be wise enough to step up and assume the responsibility.
Lagoon did it for two whole days before he realized.
Before he cracked like a rotten orange.
You know, if this was all being recorded on 4-track, I could make two shows out of it.
A man folded like a cheap, cheap chair.
That would be one show, and this would be another show.
And I think Lagoon basically chickened out is what I think.
Then you have two tracks that would probably be the more popular track.
He just didn't have the nut to keep the church going.
But how easy it is to indulge in the luxury of hindsight.
Yes.
When you're not actually there in the heat of battle.
That's true. That's true.
And the heat of battle on the Internet was most furious when the word came out.
We call that heinysight.
It was a flame war that left many pixels singed.
Well, flames come out of many heinys in the church of subgenius, usually with a lighter held up to it.
Yeah, well, at least you don't shoot.
You know, when was the last time we had a pyroflagellation contest?
Like some people.
Oh, that's right. That guy got his face burned off.
How come we don't have the blood wrestling in him?
Oh, that's right. That guy got his collarbone burned.
Well, we can't have pyroflagellation.
Well, we can't have leg toast.
I mean, there's a burn ban in lots of parts of the United States because of the drought, you know.
So you can't really have pyroflagellation on a large scale.
And don't forget the alcohol drinking contest that went down the drains when Kitty Dukakis won first place.
What, the alcohol drinking contest?
Yeah.
I don't think we started that yet.
I don't think it was.
Maybe not.
I don't think so.
Wrong alcohol.
Maybe tonight.
The losers of the alcohol drinking contest are all here.
The winners of the alcohol drinking contest are all laying in the woods somewhere.
Or dead.
It's like the biggest losers of alcohol drinking.
The winners are dead.
The best way to win is to die of alcohol poisoning.
That gets harder to do as you get older.
I know.
The liver gets acclimatized to that.
John Barleycorn.
Must die.
He must.
Because he is the evil that drags us down.
Well, alcohol does work as a preservative.
And frop is the church sacrament.
And we should not be drinking alcohol.
It destroys brain cells.
It hurts your liver.
Nobody ever got hurt smoking frop.
But then again, take a little wine with ice.
Is this a normal conference?
No, I'm just simply talking about...
Is this some Al-Anon?
No, you people.
You people.
You don't understand.
Frop is what it's all about.
They say, oh, no, it's not.
But it is.
It is.
Without frop, there is no church sacrament.
Without church sacrament, there is no holy transition to the realm of magic and imagination.
If it's real frop, you only need one hit.
And you're cooked forever.
Forever, yes, that's right.
Where can I get some?
You're going to have to keep huffing it.
Yes, but nobody has real frop.
All we got is false frop.
Well, since the Chinese subjugation of Tibet, it's been harder to get.
But that's not...
Say it's impossible to get.
No, it's not impossible, but...
Well, when the saucers get here, we can go free the Tibetans.
We'll be able to wallow in trough of all the Yeti crap.
We had two agents following the Dalai Lama around.
The kind that only grows on the droppings of certain Tibetan holy men.
Well, yes, but we had two guys following the Dalai Lama around, collecting his poop as he...
It's the crap of Yetis and the gray...
The graves of Tibetan holy men.
So what we have to remember, one of us has to remember...
I knew we got it wrong.
Before we leave Earth, or we're really going to be sorry, is to rob all the graves of the holy men of Tibet...
My grave robbing days are behind me.
...and all the Yeti latrines, or whatever they use.
Middens. I think the Yetis use middens.
I resolve not to dip my hands in unconcentrated Earth to retrieve human remains ever again.
What about Yeti remains?
Again?
Well, I don't know about Yetis.
No one knows where the Yetis burial ground may be.
No, no, no. Look, if you do it backwards, if you grow your frop on the crap of Tibetan holy men and the graves of Yetis, it becomes anti-frop.
Terrible.
Which makes you never, ever able to get high or even experience fun.
Why would anyone want to do that?
It doesn't even let you think.
Because they get confused.
Imagine...
Well, I don't want to name names.
Imagine any of the other person.
Yeah, okay.
Trying to grow their own frop.
Of course, the first thing they do is dig up a Yeti and then find some holy man's latrine and do it all back-asswards.
Where they put the crap in the holy man's latrine.
That's interesting.
They'd be pulling the frop out of their exit wound instead of packing it into their exit wound.
Some of these people get mixed up.
You know, they read the book of the subgenius too many times.
And they start getting reversed.
They can't tell Yakatizma from Yakatizma.
How can you read the book of the subgenius too many times?
Well, that's...

Well, that's why you have the book of the subgenius.
How can you do that?
You can't do that.
That's why you have the hour slack.
The hour slack is to make you say, I've got to read this somewhere because I can't follow it.
It's too confusing.
And they'll say, me, it's nine o'clock.
I think you're supposed to read it until you have it memorized.
And once you've got it down and memorized, you don't have to read it anymore.
We were so close.
Yes.
All you have to do is mention his name and the recordings all die.
This year, an incredible event occurred when the actual flesh and blood daubs, the inspiration for the famous glyph,
was...
Was uncovered.
I didn't know it was covered.
It was covered by the veil of obscurity and mystery, which has concealed it heretofore.
But to our uneasy view, it was presented.
And sure enough, it's exactly like the picture of dots that was made from it.
Oh, you're talking about that photograph that...
That photograph of Bob that showed up.
The pre-Dobbs head.
But that blew my mind.
When the...
When the...
When the...
Mine too.
When the X's come, will the veil be rent?
That really took away from the mystique.
Have you seen it?
No, I'm avoiding it.
I do not want to see it.
But you don't want to go in there before that happens.
You can't...
You can't unsee it.
If you remember what happened to Ptolemy...
Is that the head of Medusa, as far as I'm concerned.
Yes.
Sad, sad case.
After he invaded the Holy of Holies, his career went...
Straight down.
Yes.
Up to then, he was the most brilliant general Rome ever produced.
And then he came to the Holy of Holies and said,
What do you Jews have in there?
Oh, well, we can't go in there.
It's too holy.
Well, nothing's stopping a Roman from going in.
So we went in, and he looked around, and he said,
Meh.
And he came out.
And then, the last thing, his head was being cut off in Egypt.
Dr. Howell, I don't believe he said, Meh.
Well, he wasn't impressed, is the story.
I mean, I think you have to be one of the people whose temple it was to say, Meh.
Or, Meh.
It's somewhat reminiscent of that wannabe mayor of San Francisco,
who had the bright idea of coming clean with the audience.
Can you enlighten us on that one, Dr. Howell?
Who came clean with the audience?
He wanted to become mayor of San Francisco,
and so the radio DJs suggested he shower naked with them,
and they could do a live telecast.
Oh, yes.
That actually happened.
That was our idiot mayor, former police captain, Frank Jordan,
who famously took a disgusting nude shower with shock jock,
disgust.
I'm not a jockey.
Just a thing to do to win a mayoral election.
The hearts and minds.
And the photos that came out were unsparing.
Only in California.
Especially the ones put out by the opposition might have been photoshopped a little bit.
And, of course, the wife is the one who said,
Oh, yes, you should do it.
It'll win over the hearts and minds.

It'll be fun.
Well, the excuse about he just bent over for the soap is never really.
You should have realized that he had a body that only a wife could love.
I mean, pardon me.
If Dennis Kucinich had tried that,
that he might be president by now.
Instead of married to that incredible babe.
That coach who's now serving live, he tried it,
and that didn't work out too well for him.
For a moment, I thought you were talking about Chicken John's run for the mayoral office of San Francisco.
But Chicken didn't make any mistake like that.
Although he did go on Fox News and try to present his platform
and was interrupted with boings and recorded sound effects.
Oh, I thought those were coming out of his third nostril.
Well, maybe that was what the viewers were saying.
Maybe the viewer was intended to think by the so-and-so at Fox News.
Well, who did the boings?
The Fox News people?
I can't believe that Fox, the arbiter of fair and balanced news,
would interrupt someone's serious political discussion with compromising sound effects.
Well, you don't know Chicken John.
Or maybe you do.
Well, yes, but I don't think a professional news network like Fox would do something like that.
He was trying to explain how you could power your car on coffee grounds and everything.
And he powers his car on coffee grounds.
Chicken John does?
Yes.
I didn't know that.
Yes.
I thought it was old sawdust and something else.
Garbage.
But coffee grounds, he has a plenty because his girlfriend owns a string of coffee houses.
So he has quite a few coffee grounds.
Nonetheless, his vehicle is very pleasant smelling to ride behind.
Unless, of course, you're decaf.
Well, they recently discovered that diesel exhaust does cause cancer.
So every time you see a huge truck belching,
a black cloud, you can resent it even more now.
Now, great.
Now they're going to add that to the list of complaints about the Holocaust.
But diesel, the smell of diesel is third world perfume.
Don't you understand that, Dr. Howell?
Down in South America, when you smell diesel, you know civilization is nearby.
I thought it was those guys driving the dynamite trucks that put out the oil fire.
Well, no, not really.
It's what moves everything down there is diesel.
You know?
People's bicycles are not going to be able to get out of the oil.



They're even diesel powered.
They're very big.
It's manana power.
Except in Brazil, of course, where everything's powered by alcohol, cane alcohol.
And now we have to have a new paradigm.
Cane alcohol?
I have to have some new motion power.
I thought that was the old paradigm.
Now, how many subgeniuses have run for office?
Not many have been that crazy.
Well, there is Governor Ratnar.
Ratnar is always running for Congress in Kentucky.
Did anybody see that somebody created a pedal powered helicopter?
And won the prize that was being offered for creating a pedal powered helicopter?
No.
Where?
When?
What?
Recently.
I saw the design on a 1966.
Pedal powered helicopter.
Don Ross.
Human powered.
They were offered a prize.
Just as years ago, they offered a prize for the human pedal powered flight, which they
did create and win.
Right.
That was a sticker in the Odd Rods sticker series of 1970, Don Ross.
It was called Whirly.
And it shows the distinction.
Yeah.
It's a great creature with the pedal powered helicopter.
You don't remember that, Dr. Howell?
No, I don't.
I think it was.
Actually, I think it was sticker number 66, if I remember correctly.
I think the man is shooting us a line of the old bovine stuff, Dr. Howell.
On X Day, we should be seeing heliopters, which are living beings.
They're one of the only animals that has a wheel.
But the heliopter actually is an animal that has chopper balls.
And the blades that grow on it, it's technically a separate creature.
The blades themselves have their own DNA on the heliopter.
Weren't those blades originally designed to ward off parasites?
They could rotate at high rates of speed and chew up the parasites, but they now have the
kind of coincidental effect of also chopping up pinks as it mows into the audience.
Those were the parasites that were involved to originally get rid of them.
Ironic.
Yes, but heliopters have a lot of teeth on the front, too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, they're quite vicious, unless you've got the heliopter repulsion powder.
Whenever I hear these stories about some old person that just drives their car into a crowd
of people, I always wonder, really, was that an accident?
Or what was that person thinking?
They just lost it for a minute, Papa Joe.
They were thinking, praise Bob, praise Bob, praise Bob.
I think they were thinking, I'm going to get those pinks.
I'm going to get them.
But they always say the same thing when they're apprehended, which, well, I thought the accelerator
was the brake.
It was where the brake pedal was.
All of a sudden, you make that mistake after a lifetime of driving?
I thought my AK-47 was a truck.
Well, what was exactly a lifetime of driving?
I've been driving for 73 years, and I've never had an accident like this before.
Those people just seemed to jump in front of me, officer.
I just can't imagine how it happened.
My first step grenade was a pineapple, and I was only trying to share some fruit with
the little poor children.
As someone who's old and driving, I resent some of these remarks.
All right, we're just fun in your show.
We've already forgotten.
We're just joshing.
Yes, I've already forgotten.
I'm sorry.
Where are we?
What is this?
Who is this?
Is this a show?
No, what am I doing here?
I'm confused.
Is this Cleveland or Fort Worth?
Just remember, for every-.
Are we in Dallas yet?
Pedestrian killed by old people, there's a hundred of them killed by young people with
cell phones.
You mean irradiating their brains with microwave radiation?
With that they were killing themselves.
No, I'm referring to the ones they run over on crosswalks and the bikers in the bike lanes.
You can cook your anterior frontal gyrus with a steady-
Well, listen, I don't care what anybody says about old people, but young people with their
cell phones are the greatest danger on the road and on the sidewalk.
I thought it was illegal to go yak, yak, yakkin' on a cell phone while veering wildly all
over the highway.
It's encouraged in Texas.
It's sort of a way of life.
Yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, send a self-addressed stamped
envelope to, got your pencil ready?
Yes, sir.
















I'm Bob Dobbs, and you're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry.
Bob, post office box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
www.subgenius.com.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
Friends, we're glad you listened to the show and we're even more glad that some listeners
have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
We're so grateful that you listened to this show and that you're even more grateful that



you're now a part of that world.
If you love Bob and want some of the Slack back to rebound, you should go to subgenius.com
or the catalog store pages, and help out financially as best you can.
We know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty and we don't want any subgeniuses
to make their own situation worse.

worse. But some of you still have jobs. Even five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only
once a month from enough of you. Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference. All we're saying is
that blowjobs could go the way of Steve jobs if you don't pay dogs. We also take checks and money
orders to Subgenius Foundation, P.O. Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
