you are about to participate in a great adventure you are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius
all right all right well we're good we're not going to waste any time dear friends tonight
we're going to get right into it that's got to be the quickest title comeuppance ever on a hour of slack show
but it's because we have a lot of ground to cover tonight we're going to present to you an entire play
from brain rot radio theater in cleveland originally broadcast on wcsb cleveland
this amazing
uh
well why not just call it what it is it's a parody i suppose you might say called a clockwork
orangutan uh starring lonesome cowboy dave psycho pathfinder and scabby days those uh three
that that that anything for a laugh duo
and uh yeah we don't we don't normally just give a whole show
to a show that's not a show that's not a show that's not a show that's not a show that's not a show
a show that's not a show that's not a show that's not a show that's not a show that's not a show that's not a show that's not a show that's not a show that's not a show that's not a show that makes

but that's mostly what we are doing tonight partly because
we're not really here right now we don't have time to monkey with yet uh uh a uh a a fourth show all done in
one day yeah we're having to do the hour of slack now like a game show where you do uh
uh all weeks episodes in the only
one day
saves time and money.
Well, those things are.
They're as real as Bob.
As real as Bob.
So anyway,
let's get right
on down into this
alternate universe created by
Brain Rot Radio Theater. I think that
pretty much
all subgenius listeners
will get it
sentence by sentence.
Although there may be some just
so young or
so
queasy that they never saw the
original Stanley Kubrick movie
that this is a...
Well, yeah, I'll admit it. It's a take-off.
You know, on the hour of slack,
we don't normally do
comedy. I mean, this is a
religious radio broadcast, but
well, in this case,
we have to make an exception.
And here it is.
Good evening, and welcome
to Brain Rot Radio Theater
and the adventures of Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
Psychopath Finder,
and Scabby Dave's.
Imagine, if you will,
a world in the not-too-distant future.
A world infested with wilding youth gangs
and rampant social decay.
Imagine a world of harsh drugs
that send young minds
into fits of ultra-voyance.
A world where subliminal cold warfare
has created an underworld language
of Anglo-Russian gibberish.
Good evening,
and welcome to
A Clockwork
Orangutan.
,
a world of

There was me,
that is to say, Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
and my three droogs,
that is to say, Psychopath
Finder Boy Georgie, and
Scabby Tim Days, who is Days,
and the Invisible Spotty.
And we all sat down in the
Corova Milk Bar one Saturday,
wondering what to do with our
crabby raw soups.
The bar served Milk Plus,
that is, Milk Plus, Synthamask, and Veleslok,
the two vital ingrudies,
and before any night of
any soggy notchy of ultra-violence,
they stuffed a peat knife
in your soggy violence.
Okay, okay.
This is the announcer for
They get the picture.
You guys are in a futuristic-looking youth gang,
and you talk,
and you're funny,
and you drink synthetic drugs,
which make you violent.
Yeah, yeah, but you forgot to lay in more establishing stuff
like our cool outfits and all.
Yeah, but me pay 65 bucks
for this unseen bit of hot fashion.
Okay, okay, you guys are in the Milk Bar,
where statues of naked-
dispensed drugs from their breasts,
and you guys are all wearing white coveralls
and big, kicking Dr. Martin's boots
and bowler hats.
Except Spotty, who's wearing a beret.
