Beyond the borders of outer space, on the far side of the universe, where the mind of
man has never penetrated, the subgenius power goes...
Let's talk a little bit about Ivan. Again, right smack dab in the center and very, very healthy
looking. Again, you can see very symmetric, good outflow here. The center of circulation,
very evident. Ivan pummeled Grenada, flattening homes and cutting power. At least 15 deaths are
being blamed on Ivan.
We need you to watch it along with us.
Right now, Ivan is headed for Jamaica and then Cuba with the latest details. Hi, Dr. Joe.
Hiya.
So Ivan is indeed a monster.
Suddenly, oh well, there's not enough bandwidth.
We have a new concern. It is a wet mess in Cleveland, Ohio, thanks to Ivan.
There's the area of uncertainty right there.
Vivian?
And of course, by then, Carl, we'll be watching Ivan. But here's a closer view of Ivan. And you
can see that right here, and you notice it is in the middle of the central
district.
That's an indication that this is a very, very organized Ivan.
And they know that our one world religion is the only antidote for the one world advertiser.
Ivan, here is Ivan right now.
Down with the quote list, Bob. And up with Bob. And up with Bob.
We'll be watching Ivan. No, we're here. And we'll keep you posted every day on the progress of Ivan.
Ivan.
Ivan.
Ivan.
Ivan.





Ivan.
Inward islands with deadly force yesterday.
Ivan tore off roofs, knocked trees into power lines, and blew down streetlights.
At this point in time, is it more likely than not that Ivan will affect the U.S.?
Actually, what time is it?
But at that point, Ivan affected the U.S.
Well, this was the original master tape.
Oh, that's Doug Wellman.
It's a tape. It is a tape.
It is a tape.
It is a tape.
It is a tape.
It is a tape.
What about me and all them other subgenius megalomaniacs?
Oh, friends, I've got some preaching to do tonight.
I've got a focused, a particularly focused message.
We're just going to stay on one subject tonight.
We're going to do it Dr. Gene Scott style, I think.
Don't you think that would be about right, Will?
Yes, sir.
Zandy?
Whatever.
We're just going to, I'm going to preach on,
because it's a spirit, it's spirit-filled men, you see.
And women, take the mind of your man.
I'm preaching now.
Take, women, you take the mind of your man by the spirit.
See, if you can take the mind of your man by the spirit,
you can control his flesh.
Because what controls this being is the mind, not the brain.
No, the brain doesn't know.
You decide.
It's in your will.
Thy will be done.
Now, it's funny.
See, old Will of Dobbs over here is laughing.
But that's not the kind of will we're talking about.
Your will.
Let thy will be done.
Let the mind of Bob dwell in you, you see, sir, ma'am.
But Bob will not dwell in your filth.
He will not dwell in your negative thoughts, your rebellion.
When you get the mind of Bob properly by the Holy Spirit,
you'll see a change in everything, a change in your whole life.
You've got to develop.
You've got to develop.
Your Bob mind.
You've got to give your mind.
You see.
You see what I'm talking about now, don't you?
Well, now.
Now, I'm not using background music here.
I don't need it.
I'm not wanting it.
I'm not needing it.
Because I've been in discernment.
You've heard, Brother Gene.
And now you're going to hear me.
But you've got to develop that Bob mind.
You've got to give your mind food from the word of Bob.
You can't hide away at home from the world and have the Bob mind.
It has to be developed.
You have to go out into the world.
You have to be ready to, well, do it to it before it's going to do it to you.
You know what I'm saying now.
Because that's the first secret for getting the mind of Bob is,
well, you know what it is.
Get slack.
You don't come back.
Now, I know you've been to some of them.
You pray to Bob for slack.
But don't be coming.
Don't come to Bob with a sad face.
Don't come to him with a sad face.
You rejoice.
You've got the mind of Bob.
You don't walk up to Bob and say,
Oh, Bob, I'm rejected.
Nobody loves me.
Oh, I hate my job.
No siree.
No siree, ma'am.
You walk up to Bob with slack and say,
Bob, now despite all this stuff and all this mess,
I'm still slackful.
And see, when you've got Bob's ear,
because he's a God who loves to be worshipped,
he's a God who loves to be worshipped.
And then you kind of slip in.
And Bob, while I'm talking to you,
I've got this little problem I'd like to tell you about.
That's how you do it.
Now, if you meditate on these things,
the brain will get the idea.
That's what you're trying to do.
You're trying to trick the brain into getting the idea.
It's like unto the twelve temptations.
Now, the government files on this church.
I want you to know about the government.
Because the conspiracy has ignored us.
I'm sure, largely.
We think. We think. But it's not because we're so pathetic. No, that's not. It's because we're so frightening to them. Unexplained. They don't know. They don't know. They know that the formula for world overthrow is here. But they don't know why or what or the how of it.
It's just like the way they regard the UFO.
There's this whole secret majestic 12 kind of group, a department of the National Security Agency, does nothing but study the subgenius.
They may know, for all we know, they may know more about Bob than we do.
They might actually be a more, for all we know, they might be a more important tool in his plan than you.
The conspiracy agency that studies the subgenius might know more about it than you and me.
Because they've got, working with them, they've got the coprolitologists of Moab.
Moab, my friend, in the desert, yea, the desert of Lebanon.
It's simultaneously a place and a being and a state of mind.
You see, this is how one can pass through the gates of opportunity.
Now, friends, some things need to be said.
And you know what?
Most college campuses now, they're spent condoms hanging from the fences and the trees.
And where it used to be just regular toilet paper or something like that.
But to fool the pink, to fool the pink, now you see, I'm not using the music.
I'm just right here and they're not going to stop me.
Sub-G Miguelomaniacs?
Sub-G Miguelomaniacs?
May I?
May I continue here?
You and all the others, Sub-G Miguelomaniacs.
Now we can have a nice show.
Yeah, man, this is the nicest show we're ever going to have.
You know, millions of years ago, these funny looking big reptile type things roamed the
earth many, many, many, many years ago.
Oh, it was crazy.
They had great big horns, big noses, big feet.
The size of that thing.
Wow.
The blunderdog was 72 feet long.
How big is that thing, Hal?
Its tiny brain was half the size of a woman.
But it possessed a spinal enlargement which could do differential calculus and solve problems
in advanced physics.
Prepare to land on planet.
We're going in.
Strap in.
Ah, what a relief.
Yes, many people believe this story.
But only you, the listener, can sort it all out.
And there will be a quiz in about five minutes.
Yeah.
You foul devils of hell.
You deets of hell.
Your shop has shut the gates of hell in the last ten years.







In the name of Jesus and now by the will of God.
Whatcha gonna do with your testicles?
When you don't plan on having any children again, it's the drive-through vasectomy.
Hello, may I take your order, please?
Yeah, I'd like a vasectomy.
You want anything?
Um, yeah, I'll have a vasectomy also.
Sounds good.
Two vasectomies, please.
Thank you.
Drive up to the window, please.
Whoa, whoa.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.


Hey, how cool are we?
Yeah.
Hey, what's the matter with your voice?
And mine?
Oh, man.
She screwed up our order.
We wanted vasectomies.
Not castration.
Not castration.
Earl's Drive-Thru Vasectomies.
We clip and you save.
Yeah, we set them up.
Framed the man's hell over the destruction of power.
The destruction of the world.
Torture the team of sacrifice and suffering of blood.
We're going to the
Lord.
Oh, Lord, arise!


Oh, you're not listening.
Oh, you're listening to the Church of the Subgenius, dear friends.
P.O.
Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
The Church of the New Faith.
Fine preachers there, but they can't shut me up because to fool the pink, you see, to
fool the pink.
Let's meditate upon this.
To fool the pink.
One must be able to adopt the disguise, a certain disguise, a variation, let's say,
on the masks of insanity as read about in your pamphlet number one and book number one.
Assume whatever guise is necessary to fool the pink who thinks that you're serving it.
Now, you know just what it takes.
You know what it's going to take.
You know what it's going to take to make them think that you're catering to their every whim.
It takes a keen perception to pinpoint just what that whim is.
But then you just show just enough eccentricity that they think you're not hiding anything, see, or being a sycophant.
This is all part of the zen of corporate butchessing.
To show just enough abnormality that they think you're being real upfront and honest with them.
That's the idea anyway.
Because if it's a rogue, unsaved subgenius you're dealing with, you're applying for a job with an unsaved subgenius, they'll see right through it.
And that reminds me, I was driving by an old fill-in station the other day and it made me think, you know, the first mega fist temple lodge here in Dallas?
It shouldn't just be a little building like, you know, it is.
It should be more like a...
A UFO shaped...
You know, those restaurants that you see in Los Angeles that are shaped like UFOs.
That's the kind of building that...
But with a sort of combination of Jetsons and Rosicrucians.
Ornate designs upon it.
That's what I've always thought of the first mega fist temple lodge to be.
And where are your pledges?
Where are your pledges, I ask your friends?
Because, you know, without them...

Without them pledges, why this radio station can't keep this ministry, the word of Bob, as preached by your pastor, Reverend Ivan Stang.
That's me talking.
And I'm asking you, dear friends, to get them pledges on in there.
I know you felt in your heart the faith, the faith that you would pay the station later on.
But now you must do the acts, you see.
The acts.
And you did your part to do it.
To help my friend Liz Roscoe and I progress.
To help üzer the rest of the Church in Florida.
And I Lecture the Premier What the hereafter has something in that book.
Gotta let you conquer.
Và mijn� fastest thing ever.
the early Christians did for reasons that probably seem obvious to us now.
But the truth is, as it's said in the Gospel of John, the other John,
that Jesus as a child, he was like the kid in the Twilight Zone
that could kill anybody by magic.
And in the Book of John, it says the young, it tells,
we've told the story on previous ministry, show broadcast here,
that the young Jesus was into killing his playmates and teachers.
He didn't know any better. He was just learning to be a Messiah.
And it was the same with, and he would fly.
He could fly. Jesus had powers of flight.
He could fly around and cast spells like a sorcerer.
This is all in the Nag Hammadi text.
You can buy it at the bookstore.
The flying Jesus, the super Jesus, dear friends.
But the early Gospels of Bob are surprising.
Extremely similar, as we find in the chapter under the bad magic of the young sorcerer Bob.
Flying, just like the sorcerer Jesus, the child Bob would fly
and get into robbing banks, dear friends.
His mother said, told the Senate subcommittee,
when they angered him, that wasn't her exact words,
but when people angered him, she said,
they would suddenly drop dead.
Dead and die.
I quote from this commission report there.
A horrible, grisly death, friends, that happened to his teachers,
praised Bob, paper cut to death one was.
It's like when he'd pray, when Bob would pray for his teacher or a boss to die.
Well, Bob was just so lucky it would happen that way, just that way.
Like a miracle.
Whatever Bob wished for, a totally unlikely accident would cause it to happen.
Like the one boss who fell into a glass factory that was malfunctioning
and was slowly ground up with ground glass.
Ah, yes.
Oh, it blesses my heart, you know, to read in the word of Bob.
I'd love to share it with you.
As Bob said in 2nd edition Ecclesians version 2,
give me slack or give me food or, he said,
give me Apaches loaded with sidewinders and nuclear weapons or a Sinclair.
And which reminds me, dear friends, of we wanted to put out a little want ad.
This is a church want ad, you can consider it.
Wanted one drummer must have Apache helicopter loaded with sidewinders and a Sinclair.
Can bring drums if want to.
Contact Philo Drummond.
Uh, uh,
Ball Wind, Missouri.
And, uh,
The Satanists don't understand.
Sacrifice an animal and kill it.
It won't cover many sins.
Sacrifice a human in a fire like Abel.
It won't cover all your sins.
Sacrifice God's only begotten son on the cross with nails through him.
That's who erased all the sins of everyone.
This is why we killed him.
His death is not over.
He rose from the dead.
We will all rise from the dead.
But non-Christians will stay dead.
Did he die again after rising from the dead?
No, he went away, but he will come again when all dead Christians hop out of their graves and kill Satan.
Life arrived to the living dead.
Like zombies, we will kill Satan.
Sleep is death.
Crack zombies were already dead.
Die. Kill.
The Lord has died.
He died.
He killed.
The Jews and the Arabs are the children of Abraham.
This family feud has been going on since biblical times.
Dear Lord, kill all who do not believe.
Kill wretched.
Kill crack users.
Kill long-haired maggot-infested children.

Kill the children of the 60s rejects.
Satan, kill your mom.
Satan, kill your children.
Lord, help us deal with the death of the emanation of the forces of evil.
I pray.
Die, all you that are prey.
Please, Lord, help us in our war against Satan.
Kill.
Die.
Kill.
Die.
Kill Satan.
Die for God.
Can't you see what's happening?
Conspiracy.
A seeking battle.
A war on God.
But now a war on Satan.
They're killing Christians.
They're killing blacks.
They're killing whites.
They kill Jews.
They kill Muslims.
They kill Orientalists and Malawis.
They are the children who smoke crack and then they go ahead and kill and rape in their
cans.
These little heathens.
Die.
Kill for Christ.
Guys, our general, the battle is our battle plan.
Should we be giving away our tactics to the enemy?
No.
Kill heathens.
If you are having fun, then you are sinning, you heathen.
Pleasure is the root of all evil.
The Satan's also known as Bid to Capture Your Soul.
Do I have to swallow my gun and blow my head off to get you heathens to listen?
The Lord God Almighty is great and should be feared.
Christ, you did not kill Satan.



You did not kill Satan.
I do a double flip over to Scrooge.
Lust for death.
Fear is wrath.
Fear for love.
Fear pleasure.
Have you ever been so angry at someone that you just wanted to...well, you didn't know
what to do?
Pull back to the wet tears.
Breathe.
Attach.
Eat freshly purchased.
Freshly sharpened-
That's right.
The money you purchased in...
Thirteen.
Five people booing.
Four people smoking.








747
regular curled
saw blade
chug along down the middle of the crotch
to let them fall off
you know what
don't stick your nose in here
yeah go away
the world monetary system
will be completely revamped
the way trading
is done and the stock market will change
cash will disappear
we use plastic cards
and the barter system for everything
unexpected people
from non-traditional backgrounds
will pop up as world leaders
the world will be
destabilized until
1995
which means more of everything
from quakes to revolution
sir
mr. Palkus
this is uh
genetics
you know not all mutations are created equal
oh
new recruit
call anytime
I'm ready for the quiz now
well you'll just have to wait in line
standing by
the others
I mean
I have to wait another five minutes
don't bite your pencil
now just stand over there
keep your hands out of your pockets
just stand still
and we'll get to you in just a minute
but but but
a severed thumb
that turned up in the stomach
of a lake trout
has been traced to its owner
Mike Pachuca
the Sweetwater County coroner
said Thursday that he had confirmed
that the thumb belongs to
32 year old
Robert
Robert
the Green River
it was shot
in February
similarities
with the experiences
of soldiers
and others
Mr. Dobbs
said he had lost
his thumb
in next
throw fingers
in a boating
at
the
flaming
gorge
reservoir
near the
flaming
asphalt
tire
fire
south of Green
Repose
July
from the
July
27th
the fingers
out
of
the fish's belly
were found
and reattached
by dexterous
surgeons
on dexterity
question number one
you know it's not
yeah
that's right
baby
it's not a radio show
it's a map
but don't get it confused
with the territory
don't get Bob
confused with the dots
of Bob
yeah
friends
it's okay
it's okay
but because
well
I want a
dear listener
called in
a little while ago
and said
Reverend Stan
could you give me
the number of
the church
of the new faith
again
and you know
I can't
I can't
because I don't have it
on paper
it was just on that
one tape
but
you know
you can find out
what anything
is
by writing
to Bob
we're gonna give you
a post office
box number
that you can write to
that'll actually
put you in touch
with J.R. Bob Dobbs
you can ask him
personally
well maybe
one of his secretaries
might have to deal with it
if he's too busy
but we'll tell you
those addresses
all kinds of things
you might want to know
here comes that
post office box number
I bet you got that
pencil ready now
that's
yeah we'll just
address that
to Bob
at post office box
181
417
Cleveland Heights
Ohio
44118
ah yes
yes
and something
good
good
good
will be coming
your
way
anyway
why
when we get
to side
two
of this
radio ministry
broadcast
why
oh it just
tickles my
soul
my whole gland
to think about it
I'm gonna express
that gland
I'm gonna try to do it
right here and there
but stockpile
those weapons
friends
like we were saying
we're gonna try
to bring you
the specifics
of the hardware
and next week
we'll have a special
section on the
subgenius
women's
weapons of choice
because you're
gonna need to know
how to administer
justice
after X day
in case
you're still
stuck on this planet
if the men from
planet X
don't rupture
you up
just in case
you aren't one of the
first ones up
I should say
I mean
every
you will
I mean
if you
you know
have your
subgenius
membership
card
certainly
I can't see
how the X's
would mess
anything up
I mean
they're
like
unto
gods
and all
but say
there was a
slight delay
and you were
left behind
for a short
time
and you might
have to know
how to
apply
justice
in your
clan
or
neighborhood
your little
warlord
community
there
after the
end times
of climax
so we're
gonna
be publishing
in the
stark fist
of removal
newsletter
where the
arsenals
in our
country are
real maps
to the
arsenal
shortest
routes
evacuation
modes
and arsenal
storming
techniques
so that
the true
subgenius
warrior
of the
faith
will


in

center



you know
when the
33
unarius
saucers
of the
galactic
federation
come and
land
they're
gonna
they're
donut
shaped
you know
and they
in
they'll
stack up
on the
Washington
monument
the big
one first
and then
the next
biggest
one
and like
that
like one
of those
babies
toys
only not
exactly
correctly
and they'll
form a
shape
that opens the gateway for, shall it be the exists or the Iacotisma, the wise, or even the zeists.
Well, I'll tell you what I'm hoping for, the pleasure goddesses, friends.
Of course, I know that you're with me on that too.
I feel like I'm with you today on this show, tonight I should say.
I feel like I'm perceiving the unsullied truth tonight with no subjective bias at all.
Ah, yes.
And although the believers are calling in, Will is counseling those young Bobbiettes.
And friends, we've reached the end of side one of our show.
Let's switch to some lovely relaxing music here.
While we prepare to go to side two.
Of your subgenius radio ministry.
Hour of Slack.
Ah, yes.
Here on lovely radio station.
In beautiful.
Praise these wonderful partner stations.
By the way, the script of the live portion of this show was carefully prepared.
To exacting specifications.
By Dr. Philo Drummond.
Over man, first degree, second authorized mega fist temple lodge, St. Louis, Missouri.
And yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
The sacred scribe number 273.
Copyright 1992.
This is show number 333.
Praise Bob.

Give me.
From me.
I know.
Put me in the.
Time Machine! You'll never find me in the future!
Please put me in the Time Machine!
Whoa!
Hey, what are you doing here? This is my sequel.
What are you talking about? This is my sequel!
I'm afraid you're both wrong, gentlemen.
This is my sequel.
Who Framed Roger Robocop in the Future Part 3.
You know what they say about summer movies.
Summer movies, some aren't.
And now, another great John F. Kennedy moment in history.
The year is 1827.
The place, Berlin, Germany.
Composer Ludwig von Beethoven meets with his mistress in her boudoir.
My liebchen, aren't you going to take off your dress for Ludwig?
I can't.
Why not?
I, I too.
Wait a minute. There's somebody under your dress.
Come out of there, you schweinhund.
Ask not what your country can do for you.
Ask what you can do for your country.
Who are you?
Ich bin ein Berliner.
Baloney, you are no Berliner.
You're that sneaky John F. Kennedy.
Get out, you sex maniac.
No, I can explain.
Get out und stay out.
I can explain this.
This has been another John F. Kennedy great moment in history.
Ah.
And, well, of course, I guess I've been talking kind of roundabout.
But what we wanted to get, well, one of the subjects, the main focus of this particular branch of the subject we were on, dear friends,
is understanding the ancient heritage of the yeti, of Mutantus, the yetis of Mutantus.
The ancient heritage of Mutantus.

Now, wait a minute.
I'm not gonna, I just, I don't wanna hear that same old background music again.
That's just, I've heard that a million times.
We, I got preaching to do here.
What's some, I need to sharpen this up here.
If I turn up my own headphones, don't you, this is a preacher technique.
You turn up your own headphones, it makes you feel more powerful, which is all that really counts.
The, uh, the enthusiasm.

The enthusiasm become delirious.
But as, as we were saying, now, the, you've heard, of course, of, of, um, Mu and Atlantis and, uh, Lemuria and these various, you know, new agey things.
And, and there actually was, uh, uh, well, Mu was the human name of, uh, this continent.
Now, it not exactly the same as Gondwana.
Now, if you'll, uh, if you've, uh, studied your history, uh, pre-creationist history, uh, you would, uh, know that Gondwana land was the, uh, the land before the continent separated, you see.
You would know about continental drift and all that.
Before the, there was North American, South American, African, Asian, or, or, it was all like one chunk.
Okay.
And here there were yetis.
There was all this land.
But then, with that.

With the plate tectonics, things split up some.
Okay.
So, but they were connected, interconnected still, but, but oceans where there ain't none.
There was all this land there which sunk.
And the present, it was like a negative of the way the world looks now.
There was, there was land where the ocean is now and ocean where the land is now.
And the present continents popped up into place.
And the old continent sunk.
And this is sort of like the Earth's breathing.
It's like a continental drift.
It's like a little sea saw that happens over millions of years.
And it will happen again soon.
So, there is, on top, besides this, there is continental drift.
But that's more like the solar winds kind of blowing the scum across the top of the pond, if you know what I mean.
Where it shifts and breaks up.
It's, it's at least as much a result of the solar wind, according to subgenius, uh, forbidden sciences.
As it is due to the sub tectonic movement.
And, uh, the, uh, magma currents, which, uh, of course they study in, uh, secular high schools and such like.
But, uh, I get behind myself, you might say, here.
Uh, the yetis, the original yetis, what, what, uh, the last, I guess you'd say the only full blood yetis now would be the so-called Bigfoot or Sasquatch, known to the American, uh, wilderness.
Uh, the yetis is their name, of course.
And the Himalayas, uh, in Tibet.
Where Bob escaped to after that time in Burma.
That prisoner of war camp in Japan.
But, don't want to get ahead of myself too much on that one.
Now you know that story.
The yetis lived upon that lost continent of ancient times and far away days called Mutantis.
And there, the, of course, the yetis were invented by the Exists, as you know.
But the yetis, in turn, invented for themselves, uh, the Bigfoot.
Beasts of Burden.
Which we know as humans.
The, the common human was invented 80 million years ago in a test tube by the yetis of Mutantis.
Now, the original name of the humans is an unusual, it's, uh, Huygur.
Huygur.
U-I-G-H-U-R-S.
Okay.
Huygurs.
Who escaped the, uh, the, uh, from the yetis.
Um, and in fact, after the, I hesitate to call it the fall of the yetis, but the accident, shall we say.
Um, the, the, uh, the Huygur Empire was the largest colonial empire belonging to Mutantis, the Empire of the Sun.
It stretched from the Pacific Ocean, where the Pacific Ocean is now, to where Moscow is now.
And these Huygurs were the beginning of the true Aryan races.
The milk white skin and the blue eyes.
And during the, the Pleistocene, after the empire of the yetis were destroyed, these devolved creatures, after the, the yeti creators were destroyed in the great magnetic cataclysm and the raising of the mountains, the survivors, those Huygurs, formed settlements across Europe in tertiary times.
Tertiary.
And your old friends, low 50 feet beneath the Gobi Mountains.

The desert lay the ruins of Karakota.
Now Bob got all this from the Nacal records when he was in the hands of the Tibetan llamas.
These sacred, sacred scrolls.
That tell of the, because, well let's look at our book of the subgenius, volume two.
Here, if, if you know, you ain't, you ain't nodding on me, are ya?
Now I can see a few heads starting to nod out there.
I know ya, the collection plate's gonna be coming around to wake you up.
Don't you be worried about that.
I'm not, I ain't demanding total attention.
I ain't getting it.
I ain't wanting it.
You're allowed to daydream and dream up your own.
I know you're gonna come up with strange, strange interpretations for what I say.
People read the strangest things into the word of Bob.
They just, the cookiest, nuttiest things.
You take a simple concept like the, the nub, the ferns.
these escapees from the Yeti test tube in Atlantis,
and they'll take something simple like that and just make this kooky, nutty,
but you know how religionists are, friends.
You know how these fundamentalist nuts,
Bob Preserves from Subgenius, kooks.
But, well, let's go back into these revivals of ancient days
and see what the old covenant men had to say.
Make love under the stars.
Watch for UFOs.
If little baby Martians come out of the UFOs,
they're f***ing gay.
The zebra spills plastic on Venus,
and the gelatin fingers squeeze electric harbors.
Ramones d***s died in hell,
and the Nazis want to kill, to kill everyone.
As we've done.
Just let me know when it's, let me know when it's, let me know when it's,
just let me know when it's, just let me know when it's through,
when it's, let me know when it's, just let me know when it's through,
just let me know when it's through,
let me know when it's through,
let me know when it's through,
when it's through,

when it's through, bad bad bad bad.
BAD.
It's falling apart financially.
It's falling apart financially.
The one thing I'll never forget was their eyes.
When the broken man made the world, the earth was the woman and the sky was the man.
And the sky man came down upon the earth woman.
And the world in the beginning was pure lake covered with bulrushes.
And when Gaborg-Fran had killed Neither-Bob and formed Man-Man from the dung and blood,
he then made woman-woman out of rattlesnakes.
And tarantula.
And tarantulas.
And they came together and made man-woman and man-man.
And that is why there are four sexes today.
Man-man, woman-woman, man-woman, and woman-man.
When there were villages, the elder wife of the chief, to the fear and wonder of the man,
the woman gave birth to four little monsters.
The elder said, these strange children will bring great misfortune.
It would be better to kill them right now for the sake of the tribe.
The mother refused and said the children would grow up all right.
But they did not.
The small monsters grew fast and became very strange.
But they did not.










They hurt others.
They upset huts.
They befouled the people's food.
A wise man who could see things in his mind which had not yet happened said,
Kill these strange bad things before they kill you.
And so the people went and killed the bad things.
But that was never the end.
For the subgenius men came and killed man-man and woman-man and man-woman and woman-woman.
And one, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fifteen, fifteen, one, fifty-three.
This is relaxed, which is more than I can say for some of us around here.
Such religious patterns.
The Church of the Subgenius is an esoteric organization, a secret lodge or cult,
whose members lurk just outside of the comfortable circle of the firelight.
I know it's the distigio-inky blood.
Uh, well, um, customer service.
Oh, well.
Yes, dear.
My birthday was wonderful.
We had, uh, performing elephants, uh, dancing girls, uh, Androcles and the lion, uh,
uh, just about everything that you can imagine.
It was all wrapped up into one bundle of scrumptious fun.
Yeah, did all your friends attend?
Unfortunately, I was sick to my stomach and missed it.
Friendship hand.
That was earlier this evening, I thought.
Oh, that's right now, ongoing, yes.
But, uh, um, well, um.
Yes, he's going right now.
Going, going.
I'm going.
Gone.
Right on the show?
Yes.
Right on the show.
Uh, here.
Oh, no!
Let's get out of here!
Come on!
Come on!
As a general rule, in evaluating your listening situation, you should stand in front of the
speaker, an equal distance from each speaker.
Lord God is the greatest power, general of all!
He said, take the art of the covenant and let the priest carry the horns.
This is a battle delivering the march against Satan, Joshua 6.
Because the priest must stake us into battle and make it holy.
The spiritual well-being of our nation is more important now than ever.
For the time is near when the charring of flesh and the gnashing of teeth is coming.
No, but we have, uh, you know what I did find was a piece of footage with, uh, Pee-wee Herman
and President Kennedy in 1963.
So that's why they're changing all the coins.
Yeah.
To, uh, the dead rock.
No, no, it's the other side.
And Bertha, who gave you the headphones?
You're not supposed to have any of this radio stuff at this hour.
If you put one nail in my hand, you'll have to nail the other.
The other what?
Oh, my.
Nasty young man.
But if he would have been an octopus, that would have been really terrible to nail him.
It would have taken eight nails.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
More arms than an octopus.
He was all over you.
We've been to that show before.
I don't understand you.
You're just a satanic evil.
My God, customer service is still hanging on.
It's level.
Not satanic.
It's an old mimeograph machine.
It gets smudged.
It's not satanic and evil.
It's satirical and...
I would if I could, but...
Who was that?
Who was that?
Less than half an hour ago, I shot 50 cc's of Aunt Bertha.
Nailed me.
I don't understand.
Over there behind you, that's Professor Dyer.
I'm looking inside, but...
That's very nice.
You're a fraudicator and masturbator and...
Now, Aunt Bertha, just take a stress pill and calm down.
And calm.
I just need...
Think of beautiful thoughts, like me.
Jesus had the submarine earlier.
That was in the first 15 minutes of the show.
It's what they call the Jesus wheel.
It keeps the rotor of the submarine from...
Is she still in her strengths, Aunt Bertha?
Indeed, it was just...
Okay, yeah.
She's in the rubber room now, being chastised by Sven and Newt, our over-eager bodyguards.
I need to go now.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.





I'm going to go.
You and me too, Sister.
I don't think there's any security.
I think Aunt Bertha's...
I think something's happening down there.
Here come the cops!
I don't know.
I can't do it.
I just failed to hear what's happening.
What's happening down there?
Look at the monitor.
Aunt Bertha's swelling up.
I'm holding it up.
How long?




She must be so nervous.



I don't know.
I'm not sure.

Let's get the rabbit.
We're going to have to think about how to get the rabbit.
We're going to have to think about how to get the rabbit.
Left goes left where it should be.
Right goes to right accordingly.
I therefore praise these gentlemen who know and show both the how and when.
Oh, thank you so much, Captain.
Captain, yeah, it feels so good, so good, good, good to be in the spirit again, you know,
because it's like love between those yetis.
You know, a couple of yetis getting together.
It wouldn't back in them days.
Oh, they do things you can't even imagine.
But it was because it wasn't just like chemistry between a couple of yetis,
like it would be between, say, you and your beloved.
It would be more like electrochemistry with a bunch of quantum physics thrown in
because, you know, when they get going, they just pour back and forth, dear friends,
kind of exploding together in these echoing shiver rushes
where one could literally feel,
just exactly what the other one felt when they touched each other,
sort of a sensory telepathy, a supernaturally mutual anticipation, dear friends,
of each other's desires from moment to moment.
And that's what religion is all about
because religion evolved, as we see here in Prescripture 719, from magic.
Simple, primordial magic, sympathetic.
You got your sympathetic magic.
You got your associative magic, you know.
Basically, trying to influence one's environment, you see,
by hoping in a formalized enough way.
That's all it is.
You know, that's all praying is.
You're trying to change the world around you just by hoping in a fancied-up way,
if it's fancied up enough.
And see, back in the old days, in the times of the pre-men,
why, say, by...
By chance, one day, the drought ended after the neighbor's kid died.
So you'd think, well, maybe the next drought might be stopped
by killing the neighbor's next kid.
You know, and they go, remember that time Jones got killed and it didn't flood?
Well, by gobs, we'll kill a Jones every year and it'll never flood.
We never liked that Jones clan anyway.
That's the way it works.
But then one is forced to question.
One is forced to ask.
Are, therefore, the teachings of Bob,
nothing but a misguided, overly complicated form of associative magic and wishful thinking?
Well, friends, it is, but it's a guided, not misguided,
it's a guided, overly complicated form of associative magic and wishful thinking.
So why would it be any different from the false religions, you would ask?
Because, my friends, it is based on true magic.
True magic.
True prophecy.
Not just stupid inferences like some of these other, you know, prophetic, so-called prophetic churches.
And what of proof?
See, we're wrapping it all up here.
We've got it all figured out.
You ask any subgenius, there'd be your proof.
It'll tell you a million examples what Bob has done, what Bob, my friends, has done,
and that were like magic, things that were like magic.
Like when the child Bob would pray for his son.



Oh, yes.
We just go, God, hurry, please.
He Ranity said that
He Cast all his wife
elementally


He said that
thing we're going to see god see god we're using the credit card you can grant us prosperity now
we spent we we use the money you can give us the real money now that we spent the credit card
but there's endless arguments you know about the faith it's like a big stupid soap opera but that
makes me think of that time in the in the myth the myth of the olden bob where it said
when the lord bob and this was the way they would do it in covenant days when the lord bob entered
his palaces which were perfect to the fullest extent his 1,000 188,109 queens rejoiced within
their minds to see their husband home they leapt leaped from the meditation seats uh and as was
so
socially customary covered their faces shyly and looked about coyly i'm reading uh masterson's
text here their insuperable ecstasy was so strong that they first embraced the lord bob in their
innermost recesses of their hearts that was first thing they did just embraced him with their hearts
the innermost heart then they embraced him with their outermost hearts then they embraced him
visually see up to that point they didn't dare even look at him they were so happy they didn't
happy to see him home they they worked their way up to it then they'd send their sons to embrace
him but they still weren't embracing him see of course there's 188 100,000 of them but um and
finally after the sons had all embraced bob then though they tried to restrain their feelings
the brides of bob would shed tears that was what their final stage
you see don't you see because this was just before the good signs of the zodiac had evolved
after the first bob was born and the wise men informed him that his first son bub they said
in prescripture 1719 they said the wise men said surely he is an epops descendant the brahmana said
this spotless son is restored by the all-powerful god and he will be the first son of the god of the
earth the god of the earth is the best god of the earth and the most powerful and all-persuasive
lord vishnu the personality of the godhead in order to oblige you oblige you see and then
bob's unconsciousness now lapses in his consciousness that is his consciousness his
consciousness i'm saying lapse into unconsciousness of the undifferentiated cosmic life and uncovers
the true significance of this bob this bob whose numbers reveal that he is a life not yet entered
into the process of evolution
In other words, by this standard, he is a pink, a pink.
He falls asleep with his genitals uncovered, to use the biblical term.
He is uncovered within his tent, as they say.
He is suffering the plight of Noah, who said to himself,
Darn it, Noah said.
He said, you know we've got all these stinking animals on board.
We can't clean up after them.
Everybody's dead except us and these animals.
I'm going to get drunk.
I'm going to break into them casks full of grog.
And Noah did that, and that's when, you know, that boy found him,
and they punished him for finding him and sent him away into Canaan, you see.
And that's where the naked women and the lustfulness man and the head
and the people being fried alive and the angel that keep the guy from being tempted,
down that woodcut, that's where they all come from, is the land of Canaan, dear friends.
Because we love.
We love to preach the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs here on the radio.
We know that people who've just tuned into this show for the first time are getting an earful.
They're hearing this preaching and they're going, finally.
They're saying, I thought I was alone in the world.
I thought I was the only one who thought thoughts like this.
I thought I was the only one who had a Bob man.
Because that's what you have, you know.
It's your Bob man that listens to this show with you.
You have your spirit man.
You have your spirit man, as Brother Tilton has told you about.
But that's drunk most of the time.
It's a fundamentalist Christian.
Did you know that everyone, as part of their mental life, their mental, not mental life.
I trust you've been reading your book.
Your mental life, your psychic self, the things standing behind you that they can't see.
And neither can you or me, thank God, because you're so ugly.
Your mental life has three parts.
It has your conspiracy man, your spirit man, and your Bob man.
Your spirit man, on everybody, is a fundamentalist Baptist Christian.
Even on a Palestinian, or an Israeli, or a Jewish fellow.
He has a spirit man that's a Baptist fundamentalist.
A nut.
An old, crazy, I mean, not just regular Baptist.
I mean, a crazy fundamentalist.
But you see, friends, people get the wrong idea about the church.
They think that we're making fun of those old characters, you know.
Those old preachers in their wooden.
Cabin.
Preaching to that little congregation out in the backwoods.
And we're not.
That's not what we're doing.
We're not trying to make fun of that feller.
What we're trying to do is recapture that, friends.
To take it back.
We want to take it back.
And that's another thing we've been talking about.
We want to take fascism back from the conspiracy.
We want to give fascism back to the people.
Take it back from the way the conspiracy demeaned it.
And demeaned that preaching.
And turned it into Bob Tilton.
Friends, we're into real traditional family values.
Because, you know, a head-launching done properly, it's just like an old-time barn-raising with
a square dance at the end to break in the old church.
Ah, yes, well, it looks like it's about time for us to get off the air.
And I'm going to give that post office box number again that you can write to for free
information on JRBobDobz.com.
The guru and high-epop, the saint of sales, and the living avatar of Slack.
Ah, yes.
And we've been preaching his word.
I'm your preacher, Reverend Ivan Stang.
This is Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
And you can write to Bob at postofficebox.com.
181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Ah, yes.
Praise Bob.
And let there be Slack.
Bob, hear our plea.
We visit thee.
Help us be free from normalcy.
We're done devoted and done talked back.
Please give us an hour of Slack.
JRBobDobz never fails.
He's the living Slack master of mystic sales.
All you conspiracy dupes, just you wait till July the 5th, 1998.
Invaders will come from Planet X.
Bringing gifts of money, time control, and great sex.
And a new age rolls on and we'll never look back.
We'll be busy enjoying our Slack.
Everybody now.
Bob, hear our plea.
We visit thee.











We're done devoted and don't talk back.
Please give us an hour of slack.
He's the bridge between heaven and earth and hell.
He's the plain true saint of sales.
Yeah, he's doing well.
Read your writings and novels and poems.
Wings beware.
The slack master sells everywhere.
Give thanks to Bob.
Give thanks to Bob, our eternal hope.
Praise be to her when you journey.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
That was Reverend Tony Brower.
Give thanks to Bob.
And although this is hour of slack number 969,
it's a rerun of hour of slack 333.
The number of the anti-bob.
And we heard some wonderful comedy bits by Cates and West,
which you can also know as Gleepo Abernathy and Billy West.
Famous cartoon voice is there.
And yes, some puzzling evidence.
Dr. Odenkannobite helped a whole lot.
Philodrumon helped a whole lot.
And the puzzling evidence, of course,
show on KPFA with Dr. Al so long, long ago.
And Church of New Faith, so wonderful.
This music in the background is, of course, the amino acids.
Actually, it's from their new album.
And they...
Oh, yes.
Oh, in the old show, we never mentioned www.subgenius.com.
But I'm mentioning that now.
Well, praise Bob.
And we'll hear you next week.
Yeah.


Thank you.











Thank you.
Thank you.
