You know how you get a song stuck in your head sometimes, usually a real stupid song.
It just keeps, a loop of it keeps running through your brain and drives you nuts.
Well, all day I've had a phrase stuck in my head and I can't get rid of it.
The phrase is, Saddam's much vaunted berms.
And by saying that phrase to you, it will now go out and be stuck in your heads,
thousands of other people's heads, and I'll be free of the curse.
I hope.
I'm going to make sure of that during this show.
Remember, that's Saddam's much vaunted berms.
They've been vaunting them berms, dear friends.
And he deceiveth them that dwell on the earth.
By the means of those miracles, which he had power to do in the sight of the beast,
saying to them that dwell on the earth that they should make an image to the beast.
Bob?
Bob?
Let there be light.
That's right, they're going to split.
All free, let me know when you're going to split.
And they could.
That's right.
They're going to split.
Oh, let the spirit of Bob come in.
Let the spirit of Bob blow it all over the parking lot.
Let the spirit of Bob move it out of here.
For all friends.
We want Bob!
We want Bob!
We want Bob!
Have you ever wondered about your neighbors?
Maybe wondered about the weird thumps and bumps or chants emanating from their apartment?
Well, they may be followers of Bob.
That's the fastest growing cult here in the Southwest.
Channel 4's Kelly Lane has this.
story
the message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind
every time you say see hear or think what about slack
that's your key phrase it will trigger the entire message without your being
aware of it and now the subgenius
the subgenius hour of slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played
on radio station uh this station only in the city of this area should any other shows be heard from
or contacted in the course of this show the listener is advised to remain calm and only
contact listed or unlisted officials in the event of any material that one before having
shared dear friends but what you haven't heard ever before is about
the subgenius hour of slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on
saddam's much vaunted berms
uh yes dear friends we have indeed gone back in time again this hour of slack number 1203
is in fact a rerun of episode number 276 from the year of 1991 we're in week five of eight
weeks of the subgenius history
slash how to run your own cult class at maybe logic academy and thus the reruns also the
conspiracy has been keeping dave from making it to the station but nonetheless these old shows
have their own special charm for instance even though the george bush you'll hear us refer to
is actually the first one not the relatively recent one with the war but an older one with a
slightly different name and a slightly different style of music which is the subgenius hour of slack
different war
i guess it's really the same war and and it's the same saddam with the same much vaunted berms
then came the fighter's fist a horrible blast causing all in this path to disintegrate
i became interested in the show when i was 20 years old at the same time as my studies which
led to a doctorate in child psychology i devoted a good deal of my time to the show
i learned the traditional show moves composed doings and i remember how the silence was bursting
into my brain how it sounded as it began to stop the lyricism of the subgenius poets and musicians
i sought to develop the show by subtle changes in the format the silence the manner in which it is
played i produced a special show of three and a half scales in the diatonic mode which can be
played with two independent radios a method which apparently i am not a fan of but it's a way to
myself created now I don't remember doing it my love and my terrible
mouth burning the jury of the international subgenius competition of
Iranian virtuosity and burning flesh awarded me a premier peak which to all
you illiterate sodbuster poebuckers out there means first prize and so I say you
fondly from the very bottom of my heart you can just kiss my that is to say I wish to
express my profound contempt for all you listeners who know that is to say perhaps I
need to freshen up no I'm trying to say is that yeah let me put it you know as
Ralph Fielding Snell the great Armenian peach picker once said you can find one
peach pit in every peach pit

but you can't find two peach pits where there aren't no he didn't say that no no
what he actually said was better to throw the food in the street than give
the kiddies too much to eat but better belly burst than good meat spill no he
didn't say that no no no I think what he meant to say was that
oh god I have it all wrong what he actually said or what he would have said
yeah had he thought about it or actually not him but me I would have said it if I'd been there
you were there yeah of course I wasn't I was born a hundred years too late but uh
in any case I would have said something more in the
next few years
I'm sure that's the nature of this coming message from your local sponsor
hello I'd like you to consider the subgenius program we've enjoyed bringing
it to you we'd like to bring you the type of programming that you the
listener most desire to hear we hope you've enjoyed our show and if you have
any questions or comments write to us here at the subgenius hour of benevolent
malevolent power 2207 Shattuck Avenue Berkeley California 94704 we hope to see
you then
so off we listen and get off my back
goodbye
well is that all you have to say for yourself Dr. Howell
you just have to take off get get get a move move on out of here dear friends
we're uh taxing the show out onto your runway
out the airport
yeah
um
we need

I see about
to
go



good
girlfriend

you
received
a
credit
from
so
you
we
should
Thanks, Bob.
Thanks, God.
And Bob.
Bob.
Thanks, Bob.
Thanks, Bob.
Bob and Bobby want Bobs.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.


Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, J-R-Bob 마 내일 see別
A
Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob.
Bob. football.
Bob Nobs.
Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob.
Yeah, dear friends, the anonymous Fort Worth drug-using teenager edited that together.
Isn't that lovely?
Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob.
A work of devotion in the name of guess who?
Yes, you're right, Bob.
More praise.
You know, they'll just praise Bob all day and on into the night,
and yet half the time they never explain who Bob is.
So here we are with the Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
Of the First Church of the Subgenius in Dallas, Texas.
I'm the radio pope, the first radio pope of the Northeast.
Pleased to be at your service here today.
It's an honor to actually be here on WBAI
because I have for many years been monitoring your broadcasts,
and I know that Bob has exposed himself on your station before,
and this is an honor and a privilege to be able to expose him further.
Right.
Excuse me, Reverend Bleepo, who is Bob?
Can you maybe clarify that a little bit?
Oh, Bob is the saint of sales, the avatar of slack.
He is the smiling, benign man with the pipe
that you may see in many of this anarchist graffito
that he's been doing.
Many of your young people are putting up on the walls
and dormitories of America.
He's also featured in videotapes and music experiences
of these young people as well.
Well, you may recognize Bob.
You've probably seen his face thousands of times as you were growing up.
He was a male model from the 1930s to the 1950s
until, of course, his contact with the men from Planet X,
at which time he decided to sort of drop out of most of the modeling,
although you still saw drawings of him after that.
He sort of had this...
sort of Ward Cleaver look with the pipe and the smile
and the black hair.
And as a salesman, he also, of course, was a salesman
and an insurance agent and many, many jobs he held.
It was said that he could sell an Eskimo a freezer.
It was said that he could sell a fly.
Well, I can't say what he could sell that fly,
but he could sell the fly what the fly likes to lie around on
inside a hot field on a summer's day.
Now, is Bob the person who started the church of the subgenius?
Well, yes, it was...
Or is he someone you just stumbled upon
who you thought would be...
Is it good to focus?
Well, stumbling upon is a good key word here, Paul,
because Bob came about much of his best success entirely by accident.
And it was in 1981, I believe,
that he contacted two very bland people,
that is, the Reverend Ivan Stang
and the Reverend Philo Drummond from Dallas, Texas.
And he emanatinized them
and made them the sacred scribes,
and the people who would spread the word of Bob throughout the world.
And since that time,
Reverend Stang and Reverend Drummond have been instrumental in...
Of course, there's their book in the bookstores,
the book of the subgenius,
which is a real McGraw-Hill book,
which you can buy in the humor section for some reason.
They usually put it there.
I don't know why.
Yeah, it's something so serious as your church.
And in video stores, there is, of course, the Arise video,
which you can also purchase at this time.
Now, did he, like, manifest himself to these gentlemen in Texas
through a channel?
Did he appear in a channeler, or did he appear in a dream,
or did he appear...
Well, I think an actual encounter with Bob is so shocking,
it makes it impossible to describe.
And those who have actually seen Bob in the flesh or non-flesh,
they're dazed for many, many, many weeks afterwards
and can only say the word Bob, Bob, Bob
over and over again for weeks at a time
until they sort of snap out of it.
And then they're just slaves to the church.
But they're slaves of their own free will, of course.
See, the whole point of the Church of the Subgenius
is they want you to pull the wool over your own eyes.
And the Church of the Subgenius, I want to point out,
I've been listening to this program
and monitoring what you've been saying on this program.
The Church of the Subgenius, I want to point out, listeners,
believes in everything.
They do not want you to not believe in Jesus.
They do not want you to not believe in Santa Claus.
They want you to believe in Jesus, Santa Claus, Buddha, the devil,
because the devil is real.
They want you to believe in Mickey Mouse.
They want you to believe in every possible thing
to believe in because even the tooth fairy the tooth fairy of course yes the tooth fairy is very
real and uh because the church of the subgenius realizes that if you believe something's strong
enough then it becomes true so bob is a real god bob is a sex god too i want to point out at this
time ladies so if anyone is interested in bob as a sex god you can write in for the special sex god
material to p.o box 181417 cleveland heights ohio 44118 and you find out how you can have endless
sex and endless slack through the church of the subgenius this sounds you know exactly what most
what churches should be set up but reverend really let's talk a little bit about today
today is christmas no it's not christmas what are you talking about
but you see it did it really did all start with bob
you
you
in fact major bill and friends agree here's a tape that reverend iron chucet from uh
the who plays the show up on beloved wfmu in new jersey uh discovered this tape a tape from
fort worth texas it's come full circle dear friends well not full circle it's come back to
dallas um here's major bill and this this lovely homage it all started with bob
you
you
you






















拥抱



um
ride
up
high

sometimes
fair fiancé
up
And I'll admit that some of them were pretty good
But their progressive country style
Just makes us old-timers just sit around and smile
Because we know that it all started with Bob
Nobody's done it
Like Bob
No, nobody's done it
Like Bob
He's a living legend
And if his life was measured
He'd be the greatest of them all
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah
When you hear those fiddles
Play inside my soul
Them old Bob Wills fiddles
Will make you wanna cry
And they'll make you wanna dance
As only Bob Wills used to do
When you hear those fiddles playing
You'll hear them playing
And the shoes keep walking
Back to you
He put old San Antone on the map
With a beautiful song about a rose
And he was a-playing western swing
Before Waylon and Willie could counter-tone
From his birthplace in Turkey, Texas
To his last days in Old Cowtown
He built a music legend
That will never, never be put down
Nobody's done it
Like Bob
No, nobody's done it
Like Bob
No, nobody's done it
Like Bob Wills fiddles
And if his life was measured
He'd be the greatest of them all
And if his life was measured

And if his life was measured

And he's still trying to do it like Bob Wills fiddles
Oh, what a beautiful, beautiful thing.
Don't you agree?
Major Bill there and friends.
Now you kids settle down.
Restrict your shenanigans to the rumpus room.
Major Bill and Gene Hensley there.
A beautiful thing.
They did refine their shenanigans to the rumpus room.
Papa Joe Mama.
Hello, friends and welcome.
The Sun.
Persona.
A very petrified, very

And there are no вопрос over the Quitter so to say
It has to go back to the fundamental idea of self- wonder.
Right now that our sun tends to be mixed with many other DNA
So male plants are labeled as three and both working together
ls lyriciden
subject to giving up and then kill each other.
Yeah, that's true.
Using the Pl mandated to cameo all alone.
life is equal single life isn't it
women in their own blood. Now, what about the subgenies, you say? Well, we're all in this
together now, you say? Right? Wrong! We've got a lifeguard, someone to toss us a lifesaver. That
life preserver is none other than J.R. Bob Dobbs, and the rope that connects us to his salvation is
slack. The only way you're going to be able to reach Bob Dobbs and stay afloat is to have enough
slack on your lifeline. Now, friends, what does it take to have enough slack? For one thing,
you should always remember who you are working for. Now, the pinks, they think they're going to
retire for the conspiracy, and the conspiracy is going to protect them. Oh, they have a rude
awakening in store for them now, don't they? It will begin as a small conflict, a police action,
if you will. Then it will expand and grow and engulf the Persian Gulf. Next you'll know they'll
be knocking at your door and ringing on your telephone. Guess who gets an all-expense paid
trip to the Mediterranean?
They don't call it Club Med for nothing. The MAD stands for medical, because that's where you're
going to wind up. But the real fun doesn't even start until the bombs start going off in your
very own neighborhood. Oh, sure, at first it'll only be a local terrorist or two, so it won't be
as if you're being blown to bits by strangers. But then again, what difference does it make when
you're flying through air with the greatest of ease, eh? Besides, it's only a matter of time
before it begins to rain bombs from the heavens. You won't be able to step outside without getting
an instant flashback.
Frank, what?
Friends, this is rather that self- waisted segue.
Can you tell me if I point theve into your character head
just to be видимooked over a random Earth quality orbeter?
Huh?
Later, had I heard talk, he might be up one hard timebag!
countryside with typical efficiency. They'll round up the pinks like cattle. Death will take a
holiday. The lucky ones will die quick. The unlucky ones will die slow. And the moron majority won't
die at all. They'll be put in plastic bags and freeze-dried for convenient interplanetary
self-service space snacks. Oh, don't you believe the conspiracy lies that pinks don't taste good?
They may not have good taste, but they damn sure taste good. This is just a plain and simple fact
you must take on faith, for even Bob Dobbs does not suggest that you eat pinks before X-Day.
Lick pinks, now that's all right, but eat them. Taboo! They're a dessert to be savored, to be
saved, something to look forward to, something to gloat over as we float over to our promised land
beyond the stars. And we gotta keep them now fresh, don't we? Oh, yesiree, you probably think
that a pink can't be freeze-dried and then thaw back to life, but you're wrong. You're talking
about a conspiracy technology there, folks, but we're talking about the same
brains that can go traveling through light years and instantaneous folding of space. Do you think
that the minds that contain the wisdom of the universe would allow the pinks to escape life
with nothing more than a freeze burn? Why, that only measures 265 candles on the agony scale.
Why, getting sliced to death by paper cuts earns less candles than that, and after all the pinks
have done to you, you're willing to send them off with a mere million paper cuts? Have you no human
dignity? Have you at long last surrendered all symbolism to the world? You're not a human, you're
already a white yelp and gradually you'll catch on in the dark with a
fistful of fake that'll Whoop Slay.
Thank you, sir.
Bottom of aisle, please.
Biblical prophecy is coming to fruition.
At long last, the exes will come forth to wreak Bob's revenge.
For lo, these many years of yearning, burning, and churning
amongst the pseudo-suitable substance some say sucks.
Let my people go.
Swing low, sweet chariots of fire.
They're coming to take us away, ha ha.
Yea, the end is nigh.
So eat, drink, and be merry.
For tomorrow, they die.
Praise Bob.
Amen.
Oh, thank you so much, Papa Joe Mama.
The greatest of the subgenius radio preachers.
True preacher.
Ah, fine.
I got an interesting letter from his agent here, Papa Prell,
which I think I'll read to you.
It says, in fact, he wrote this war.
He says, here's the special bonus sermon.
It's another war rant.
I actually did it before the war.
So in a way, I was relieved to see,
we actually did go to war.
I would hate to waste all the effort.
By the way, your war rant was something else.
I'm just glad a recruiter officer wasn't nearby when I heard it.
I would have gone out and joined.
Yes, sir, them words of wisdom brought out the John Wayne in me.
I think at long last you deserve to be knighted
to honor an honorary Prell family member.
Ivan Prell.
Kinda has a ring to it.
And he goes on,
actually, now that everyone has joined the bandwagon about the war,
I'm beginning to have doubts.
I wish they would stage more protests and demonstrations
so I could feel secure in my old warmonger ways.
Even the news is egging it on.
Now if I see Jane Fonda come out in support of the conflict,
that's gonna be the last straw and I'll join the Iraq army.
Besides, both my latest girlfriends just dumped me
and I'm in the mood to kill some Americans.
And now they have women in the US armed forces.
That justice will be all the more poetic.
What am I saying?
I forgot your mail is monitored.
Thank God I didn't start talking about the nuclear bomb.
I'm located.
I could have ruined everything.
It's really hard to do, Papa Prell.
But it's real easy to do...
Sodom's Much Vaunted Berms.
That's right, dear friends.
Sodom's Much Vaunted Berms.
I'm not gonna let you forget about Sodom's Much Vaunted Berms.
As a matter of fact, the Christian religion usually is very far from what Christ actually thought.
And what he did, he...
He did it in a way that would detest you and your whole monetary approach to things
and your foolish things.
Just because you think it's true, it's gotta be true.
Because you parrot something you read in the Bible or you learned in some half-baked divinity school
that you attended if you ever did attend one.
That makes it true?
No, it doesn't make it true.
You don't talk about ghosts.
All you try to do is go into an argument.
I'm not trying to...
Like a man calls up and he says that he has seen ghosts.
Yes, I do.
And you immediately start saying, oh no, you couldn't, you must be crazy, you're hallucinating.
I don't want to hear that kind of baloney.
Demons.
I asked you about demons.
What's the answer?
I don't know what they are.
You don't?
You're just pretending you know.
But you say that's what Christ said, that it's true.
No, no.
Don't you realize that you're completely mixed up as far as what Jesus really...
But no, sir, sir.
You know what Jesus said?
Sir, these are not...
Anything I can do, you can do.
These are not...
If you're trying to talk to an uninformed people like you who make a god out of this
great soul, we're all a part of God.
Don't you know that, you fool?
You're having great time showing off.
All right.
And you've got, I don't know whether anybody's listening or not, but if they are, they're
sending in money and all, boy, you're going to be a great man.






Isn't that great?
You should let her speak.
I'll let her speak.
If you will be quiet.
Instead of giving them all an argument and trying to tell them how to live their lives.
Arch, Arch.
You don't know how to live their lives.
You don't even know how to live your own life.
No deformities, no imperfections.
She is a norm.
All norms are our enemies.
Kill her now for what she's done to our kind.
No, why?
Why must we always destroy beauty?
Why kill her now?










Why kill another creature because it is not in our image?
Kill her.
It is the law.
All norms must die.
They are our enemies.
Can you possibly visualize the passing of these few precious minutes?
My man is a giant.
He likes to eat fresh boys on toast.
It was most embarrassing because when he opened his mouth to try, only strange sounds came
out.
Arch, Arch, Arch.
And he couldn't even whistle because he couldn't pucker his lips.
Our bodies contain atoms made billions of years ago in the fiery core of a supernova
star.
A drop of dew on the surface of the star is the best thing that can happen to a star.

A diamond, a blue, a diamond, a butterfly and all other life forms are made of the
same matter as stars and planets.
Yeah, that's what they all say.
Five, four, three, two, one, zero.
One important way to save your life is to know that you are a human being.
human beings differ from all other living things is that we can ask questions. Questions about
ourselves and questions about the other planets and the stars that lie invisibly beyond the known
universe. Stars such as post office box. Well, I'm going to give the post office box once again.
Or you can write for free information from that man standing right over there behind you,
J.R. Bob Dobbs. That's post office box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 www.subgenius.com.
And all we'll send you is free information about Saddam's much vaunted berms.
Uh, those last few bunch of clips there came in from Reverend Nick Nolan,
it says here on the cassette from Brentwood, British Columbia, far away. And you know,
those little lines may show up again someday in some better world.
I send the angel of the Lord. I send right now power. I move back the foul spirits of opposition,
the lying spirits, the binding spirits. I speak authority to you in the name of Jesus Christ.
Don't ask any questions. Just do as I say. All right.
We're pretty sure he's a psychopath. Now, how do we spot him?
Well, if he's wearing a Napoleon hat, it's easy.
Otherwise they come in all sizes and shapes. 11 year old girls, 80 year old men.
Yeah, they all look perfectly normal.
I keep telling you, this is a sick and perverted nation.
All the time.
And nobody wants to listen to me.
Nobody wants to hear about Bob.
Nobody, I try tell everybody what's going on.
They won't listen to me.
Well, I'll tell you the truth, I can't stand it anymore, Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob, take care of me, Bob.
Just do away with them all.
I don't want them anymore.
They hold a problem and illusion in my mind after all.
They don't love you, Bob.
They don't love you like I do.
The fist and the fear behind it.
It's not just the wars and the awards that win them.
It's not just the dull and empty distaste for a smothered culture
that expires all around you in pools of its own wastes.
It's not just the terminal folds of Nunu.
It's not just the child zombies
that bring you to the end of the world.
It's not just the people who murdered their mediocrity parents
and then cruise the streets with bloody feet.
It's not just those starry old vex on the park benches
with looks on their faces like those who shuffled out of the boxcars
of Belsen and Auschwitz.
It's not just the anesthesiologist for knee heat.
It's not just the heaving pink meat masses
that grope and clutch all around you.
It's not just the diamonds
and the nanobones for Wotan.
It's not just the broken headlights,
snapped antenna and human excrement on your car hood.
It's not just that the old ways were best.
It's not just the bastardization and perversion
of every honest means of self-expression.
It's not just the Kiliganja on the dark side of the bush.
It's not just the penoid snipers
locking and loading on every high-rise car.
It's not just the blue-collar-pinked rooftop.
It's not just the wide-screen technicolor corporate daisy chain
that has defiled the entire planet.
It's not just Mongo in the Congo
with fa-fa-fals the size of basketballs.
It's not just the prophets crying lonely and alone in the wilderness.
It's not just the indignity of having to work
for some bland, non-entity son of a bitch
who thinks workers are property.
It's not just the blue-collar-pinked rooftop.


It's not just the blueness of the wound cleansed by evil.
It's not just the battling eco-freaks who want to go back to nature
without realizing that nature is an open-ditch latrine in midsummer.
It's not just some asshole with a pipe
and a thing I know more than you do dog grin all over his homogenized face.
It's not just the horrible feeling of being entrapped inside a regimented,
devolving world that you certainly never made.
It's not just the doorway to doom.
It's not just wanting to know what the hell is really going on.
It's not just the missing H's or the stolen alpha-beta-max.
No, dear friends, there is more to it all than that.
Bob ain't no nickel-dime bum-show.
I put it to you, he's on the square and a corking fine business proposition.
He's the grandest thing yet, and don't you forget it.
Shout salvation and fight in Jesus, you'll need to rise precious early.
You sinner there, if you want to diddle the almighty Bob, not off.
He's got cough mixture with a punch on it for you, my friend.
In his back pocket. Just you try.
Ah, yes.
Dear friends, that was G. Gordon Gordon himself.
One of his rare spoken pieces.
Don't always run.
Soon I can flip my show tape over.
Off his masking tape.
And we'll visit.
The world of KPFA.
With puzzling evidence.
Dr. Howell.
And in this case, Papa Joe Mama.
I hope Bob is it.
That live is on his phone right now.
You guys hear me right now?
We want Bob!
We want Bob!
We want Bob!
You are ever since been born black mass of jigs and jing-jangs.
Haunted by people.
And by the convulsionary sense of not having been.
Or being all that I might have been of you meant to be coming.
A wailing like a man.
That innocence which I could not defend like a woman.
Lo, you there, Catherine Carberry.
And thank movies from the innermost depths of my still-attried heart.
Wherein the days of your youth are ever mixed in mine.
Now, ere the compline hour of being alone at hands itself.
And a puff or so before we yield our spiritus to the wind.
For it is to you.
First born and first fruit of woe.
To me, branded sheep.
Pick of the waster paper basket.
Are the tremors of thundering, alluring dog-style.
You alone.
Wind-blasted tree of the knowledge of beautiful and devil.
I, clothed upon with a mitch war.
And shimmering like the Horaceans.
Astrid by dynamo and erogus.
The child of Milford's father, the spirit.
To me, unseen blusher in an obscene coal hole.
Hey, somebody.
Of course you're gonna win this war.
How can it be anything other than a total and complete annihilation of the enemy?
Yeah, that's it.
Yeah, yeah.
What, what he said, yeah.
Swim in your own boat.
I can't believe that you would even suggest that we would win this war.
How could you not win this war?
It's the most...
What are you suggesting?
That we're going into war, intending on losing or something?
I can't believe that we're actually having people fight if we're not intending on...
I mean, this is just...
This is unbelievable.
What are we paying the military for?
This is just...
It's 30 billion dollars if we don't even buy a shot.
I don't understand why there's but to do and die.
Okay, folks.
It's time for war.
Oh, no!

No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!


No!
No!
No!
No!






No!
No!

No!
This morning will not be...
Only good mutual sympathy that
I have heard over the last years.
I've wanted to be...
I have a huge life to live, honey.
Give a guy a break.
Really, sir.
I must insist.
It's just an old family tradition.
It's the way we are.
It's not really how we mean to be.
Spare me the poisonous barbs, Major.
Warning, warning.
Running out of room.
I can't find...
You were my battlefield survival and radio electronic contact manual.
I say, sir, that my days at Oxford were legendary.
Those contacts stimulate me sexually.
Legend, something that is usually untrue.
Well, the origin of the legend is something that many scholars have been exploring for many, many years.
After all, legends have, in legend, been legendary.
For example, the legend of Eli and the blind jackass.
As told in the Book of Paul, chapter 7, verse 22.
The next...
The math is mythical, as will the end of the world.
But what is the basis of this mythical mishmash?
Is there in fact truth to this old, fusty legend?
Or is it really a discarded relic stinking upon the dust heap of history?
Of course, if enough people believe in it, it will become true.
You believe in a depression, and you become depressed.
You live in a recession, and you become depressed.
You make your own reality, man.
The country doesn't feel...
My country hurts.
My country tis of thee, a sweet land of liberty.
That's right, Billy.
And remember, Jesus loves you.
You must always place your hand over your heart when you say that, son.
That's right.
In the old days, people loved America.
You know, when I was a little girl,
everyone believed in evolution,
and everyone believed in the Lord Jesus.
Well, that was back in the days when the Lord Jesus Christ believed in you.
I hope you like this story, boys and girls.
If you would like a free picture of me,
as well as a free gift,
write to Aunt Bertha,
Box 1,
Dial a Story,
Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Goodbye now, boys and girls.
Bye.
We'll rush you that order, along with your free gallon of Aunt Bertha's syrup.
I always use it.
That's Aunt Bertha, as for it, by name.
I was working for Aunt Bertha out in Tartuga 29.
Yeah, I heard Aunt Bertha doesn't even pay the minimum wage, man.
Cleaning up the skin.
It's a rip-off.
They got her on income tax evasion.
It was a difficult...
You got a choice in the world.
Yeah, you could be a Bobby or a stub.
I found that down here at the station one night, and I thought to myself, yeah, Bobby or stub.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's you.
We've had a lot of Bobby Stubs show up lately, and it's been a constant.
Yeah, I remember Bob Stubbs.
He was back in, uh, at Dartmouth.
He was one of the best people on the, uh, machine gun team.
He was a great athlete.
It was a tragedy.
I...
One of the worst duties I ever had to perform was to bury all those...
those innocent boys and girls Stubs in the desert sands.
Yeah, but if you don't, uh, bury your Stubs...
You mean those A1 mortars mounted piggyback on .50 caliber machine guns didn't save them all?
Well, I'm afraid not.
You see...
I had an experiment.
It comes a time when every young boy or...
or girl's life, that it's time to bury those Stubs and, uh...
uh, and get on with the business of living.
But scientists discovered that by covering the Stubs with some strange new protoplasm...
Incoming!
They were able to resurrect the Stubs into a new form of life that...
Boy, my Stub resurrects just hearing about it.
It wasn't enough just to simply bring them back to life.
These Stubs had a mission.
Yes, millions of years ago, guns belonged to Stubba's owners rolling into the earth.
Because these Stubs used GI that were determined to win the war.
So these Stubs were not content to be buried.

They wanted revenge.
And they got it.
Here comes another one!
What scientists didn't count on, however, was the difficulty in controlling these Stubs
once they were resurrected from the grave.
We're having electrical interference down here, ladies and gentlemen.
It's part of the barrage.
We hope we're going to be able to continue bringing our program to you, but sit tight.
Stubs, unfortunately, do not have eyes or ears.
They cannot tell who is the enemy and who is the friend.
They're disgusting little blind rigorous...
And several instances say they were actually documented as attacking the donor of the Stubs.





Oh, they're horrible little glowing organs.
When these Stubs get on the rampage, one cannot predict how they will act.
Sometimes they turn on their very own donor, organ donor.
Of course, the worst thing that can happen is to turn on the piano donor or the harpsichord
donor, but the organ donor is bad enough.
And speaking of organs, later on in this program, we're going to tell you, as promised before,
just how you can see your own brain through a simple scientific experiment that can be
performed at home.
The electrical interference is a very important part of the program.






It's called the retroencephalogram recyclerama.
It's complete and 3D.
Warren Horace Donovan Enterprises, Inc.
Sure, sure, sure, sure.
That's what we need to beat the wind.
Beat the...
Yeah, beat the pants off the Iraqis.
Enormous trousers.
Now we're not going to get anywhere by trying to get a dollar.
We're going to bash the bloated buttocks of the butcher of Baghdad, Saddam Hussein.
You know there's mallops on end, Tony.
It's self-touching, it's not...
But we don't want to go below the belt.
We don't mean to.
America fights fear.






And reminds me of the prostitute that wanted to deliver a prize below the belt, but we
wouldn't permit that.
It's not on the radio.
Victory through fair power.
Of course, the fairs have been going up.
It's a pity Lyndon isn't around to see this one.
Yeah, sorry, yeah.
I will return.
And now it's like Superman and things happen really neat and fast and everything.
Look, bullets just bounce off.
Maybe this war isn't going to be so bad after all.
Oh, looky there.
What's that up in the sky?
You see the bird.
It is some sort of aircraft.
It's a bird.
It is a plane.
It is Super USA Man.
And he does not look too happy.
Yes, it's Superman, strange visitor to another planet with powers and abilities far beyond
those of mortal men.
Superman, who can change the course of mighty rivers, then steal in his bare hands, and
who, disguised as Glark Brent, mild-mannered reporter for a great metropolitan newspaper,
fights a never-ending battle against truth, just like the great American soldier.















And the American way.
Oh, ho, no, Lois.
You're not going to scoop me again on this big story.
Oh, Vin, really?
Sometimes I think you're such a win.
Ha, ha, ha.
If she only knew.
Well, Perry, I guess we both have tickets on the steamer to Iraq, the latest trouble
spot.
And I guess the planet is going to be right there with the coverage.
Well, Perry, I guess we both have tickets on the steamer to Iraq, the latest trouble
spot.

And I'm worried about sending you over there.
The fact of the matter is, I think Lois is more of a man for the job.
But Mr. White, don't argue with me.
Luxuriating in the golden light in San Francisco, I still don't see what this is going to do
to...
Maybe I should use my X-rated vision to check up on Lois.
Oh, wow.
Jimmy, use your Superman beamer.
Zee, zee, zee, zee.
Look, up in the sky.
It's a bird.
It's a plane.
It's...
Oh, no.
Ha, ha.
Superman, so good of you to join us.
Just in time for my latest invention.
Ha, ha.
I promise...
Hold on.
Let me bare my chest so these bullets can bounce off.
It won't do you any good, Superman.
Ha, ha.
I'm afraid I have my special Kryptonite.
Oh, no.
Here, have a try.
Oh, blacking out.




Zee, zee, zee, zee.
Oh, no.
Blacking out.
Lois must reach switch to cut off Kryptonite field.
It won't do you any good, Superman.
Ha, ha, ha.
After all, I thought of everything.
It's only unconditional coincidence that allowed you to beat me and boil my plants
in the past.
Ha, ha.
All right, Luthor.
You've got me.
Good.
At long last, I have the Man of Steel at my very beckoning.
First, you must answer to my every whim.
All right.
What are your other demands?
Got to keep him talking until I can get out of range of this red K.
First, I want a shrubbery.
Yes, a shrubbery.
Ha, ha, ha.
And I want to have a little bit of a taste of the red K.


And I want it right here now.
And it must be of Kryptonite red.
And that's the joke.
You have to go to Krypton to get it.
Ha, ha, ha.
But Krypton doesn't exist except as billions and billions of gigatons of glowish, greening
rock.
At last.
You see the irony of my plan.
Ha, ha, ha.
But the only way I could get to Krypton was to fly backwards around the Earth until I
threw up and found myself back in time on my original home planet.
Only I know that he knows about the alternative universe.
And there he can get the Krypton that he needs.
Maybe that was in the vest pocket universe on the square earth.


There's no air planet of bizarro like that.
When he tries to go to the alternate universe, I'll have my special clone follow him.
Oh, not that tiny deformed imp, Mr. Mixadelplic.
But he's reading my thoughts.
All right, Superman, this time you're indeed a de-poo-poo.
It's really neat when they do that, you know.
And I'm just waiting in the airport and you put a quarter in these TVs and they play these
old Superman movies.
If I can just make sure that my hairpin hits that lever, I think I can deactivate as Krypton
arrived.
Gee, Miss Lane.
Do you think that would do any good?
Oh, I think it would.
We've got to try, Jimmy. It's the only thing we've got left.
You know, I've noticed something about all these bad guys and blowhards.
They may talk tough, but when you get right down to it, they're just a big cream puff.
Well, Jimmy, I really hate to ask you to do this, but you think maybe you can go over there and knock them on the chin?
Oh, you mean I have to do that? That's the kind of stuff Superman gets involved in.
Oh, here he is.
He must be the alternative universe Superman. He must have beckoned out with them at the Super Race.
No, I'm one of the super robots who just recently escaped from Clark's closet, along with his 80-year collection of skin mags.
I've been double-crossed.
This is terrible, but this time I'm going to get even. Just you wait and see, Superman.
Why am I laughing? This is terrible.
Oh, boy, it feels great to be out of the range of that red cake.
How come he does that?
Fortunately, I got my special Luthor mobile. It'll fly me out of here quicker than the speed of light.
I'm going to have to get my own Luthor.
Hold on, Lois. I have to see a man about a car.
What a car.
Clark Kent, what are you doing here now? You just missed Superman again.
Oh, sorry, Lois. I'm looking for my clothes. They seem to have burned off my body when Superman went over.
You're never here in time to have helped us. We could have been killed by Lex Luthor.
Oh, is that who that was?
I saw him going by like a bat out of, uh, well, pardon my French.
You're such a wimp, Kent.
If she only knew.
Yes, it is another deep and dark, dreary day here in the fair downtown metropolis of the Daily Planet.
And it is a daily day.
Got a Tomahawk down here, sir. Want to buy a Tomahawk? Got a long-range cruise missile.
Got a couple in the car here. Got a Tomahawk. You'll need it.
Do you sell at a discount?
Uh, yeah.
More than quantity.
You buy like, uh, five or more. It's air-to-air.
How many would it take to take out the entire Iraqi fleet?
Um, uh, a couple tow rockets for medium, uh, support and...
Look at those tow-headed little guys.
I might want to order one or two extra, just in case they give us a hard time.
Now, I'm not expecting any trouble out of these boys, but if they're really serious about prodding us in anything other than, uh, well, three-day war, we may have to get tough.
I've got the nuclear arms standing by.
Yeah.
That'll be tough, Art.
Uh, yes, the, uh, nuclear option. I, uh, um, it is regrettable, but it is an option.
It's a great man, man.
Ladies and gentlemen, what we have going on here in the Middle East is a situation that is filling biblical prophecy from 2,000 years ago.
You dumb chief.
No, ladies, Sheila and Pat will point this out. Sheila, that's a delicious cake you provided, by the way.
I'm gonna have to add another point.
It's, uh, really delicious, and we're going to share that recipe with our viewers at home here very very soon.
Can't wait.
But unfortunately, uh, Sheila, we have a real difficult problem here in the Middle East, because, you see, those who bless Israel will be blessed.
Uh, but those that curse Israel will be cursed, and Saddam Hussein, whose name begins with an H like Hitler, and whose name sounds insane like someone who's insane, is definitely cursing Israel.
And so we have, uh, what we call an obligation to hell.
It sounds like, uh, you know, in those cities of the plain, uh, Sodom and Gomorrah.
We have decided to send a good percentage of the money that you send at that toll-free number at the bottom of your screen.
And you will just pledge that money immediately, because, see, friends, the anti-times are coming, and the anti-Christ that is Satan, as personified by Sodom and Zed in the book of Revelation, is here.
And contrary to what most people think, Satan just is not going to wear a little red outfit.
that he's not going to be carrying a fish for.
He's going to look like a real person,
perhaps someone you know and trust.
Maybe even a televangelist
who's always on the verge of constant laughter.
So please, send those pledges now.
You haven't seen any suspicious people
hanging around lately, have you?
Well, if you have, it might be the boy from below.
The man from the basement.
I mean, the sub-basement.
Oh, that's right.
They have been seen to crawl out at these times and days,
and sometimes at the end of times.
Some call them gremlins,
others call them little devils,
but we know them as anti-bots.
Let's see what's on the radio, huh?
Uh, yeah, let's see if...
Those guys aren't doing that funny show.
Is that supposed to be some kind of a joke?
There's no fun in being funny anymore.
Things are too serious.
As we stand here on the brink of nuclear Armageddon,
how can even someone think about it?
Yeah, and Armageddon's sick of it anyway.
Why don't they just drop it and get it over with?
In my book,
One American Life is worth all the lives in all of Iraq.
I urge that we use the atomic option
if it can be used efficiently,
and I urge that we do so now.
My constituents agree with me wholeheartedly
so we can achieve a severe and lasting glassy surface
on former Baghdad.
Hello, caller.
How is it?
Hi.
Hi.
I'm calling from the...
Oh, my God.
Oh, you guys all want just seven...
Second prize.
Dopey callers.
Prize?
Yeah.
Do you even have to answer the riddle?
I don't want to hear that.
Hey, uh...
Hey, what does Saddam Hussein and his father have in common?
Neither knew enough to pull out in time.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Brr.
Hey, uh, why does it cost only half the usual amount
to train an Iraqi pilot?
Because he only has to be taught to take off.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Brr.
Brr.
Brr.
Brr.
Brr.
Oh, yes.
And, uh...
Hey, uh, what do Hiroshima, Nagasaki, and Baghdad have in common?
Nothing yet.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
What?
What?
What?
What is Israel's new national anthem?
Onward, Christian soldiers!
Okay, here we go.
Here we go.
From the block.
Now, you won't see any...
You won't see any...

B61's used either. That's a nuclear bomb.
Careful, that B61 is flying around your head.
I think you want some of that stuff.
Daniel logged in a lot of time around that log cabin.
Now the M46 torpedoes are fired.
But we're going to deny that the log cabin has anything to do with our response.
We're going to deny linkage to those Lincoln logs
and those things that are linked together
in the tumultuous tapestry of the Middle Eastern situation.
You know, recent history has shown that the frontier actually existed in America.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
And, friends, you too can achieve achievingness
by writing for the free information available from the Church of the Subgenius,
whose shows you've been listening to tonight.
And that number is, that address to write is
Bob.
Just write Bob at post office box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 www.subgenius.com
You hear about the newest Iraqi bumper sticker?
If you can read this, Allah will pluck your eyes out.
You hear about the newest Iraqi bumper sticker?
You hear about the newest Iraqi bumper sticker?
You hear about the newest Iraqi bumper sticker?
You hear about the newest Iraqi bumper sticker?
You hear about the newest Iraqi bumper sticker?
You hear about the newest Iraqi bumper sticker?

You hear about the newest Iraqi bumper sticker?
You hear about the newest Iraqi bumper sticker?
You hear about the newest Iraqi bumper sticker?
You hear about the newest Iraqi bumper sticker?
Thank you.
Thank you.
