Radio has correctly been called the theater of imagination.
Listeners were essential partners in the creative process on programs like
Suspense, Lights Out, Inner Sanctum, and
The Self-Genius Hour of Slack.
I'll tell my daddy not to steal anymore, and I'll make him get a real job.
Yeah, pretty soon.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
This Hour of Slack, number 979,
is really Susie the Floozy's future rerun.
A future from 1999,
about tomorrow's future, which begins on
X-Day.
No, Bob.
Please, Gergeron.
Oh, Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Oh.
Oh, man.
Oh, it ain't X-Day yet, but
oh, looks like I'm just ahead of the clock radio.
Okay, this is it.
This is it.
Okay.
Ten.
Nine.
Seven.
Eight.
Five.
Three.
Four.
Three.
Two.
Monday, 5-5.
7 a.m. Eastern.
Oh, man.
Bob, not again.
Oh, hell.
Oh, at least I'm getting used to it by now.
Okay.
Well, I guess the next step is the inevitable vicious taunting at the hands of evil Susie.
Okay.
Yeah, that's the way it always plays out.
Ah, jeez, Louise.
I can actually hear that heartless bitch warming up that abrasive cackle of hers.
All right, you cow.
Come on, let me have it.
You're in my bill stash.
You're in this right, blues.
Why'd you have to stash them under the toilet?
They're all tangy.
Oh, no.
Oh, man!
Spit em out!
Come on.
Some of that's for an actual emergency.
Let me go!
I don't want to live anymore!
Get your head out!
God damn!
No!
Give it up!
Oh, man!
Ah.
What gives?
Does Freaky Friday fall on a Monday this year?
This post-X-Day suicide blues thing is my shit.
Bite me.
Hey, this isn't the evil Susie I know and fear.
And where's your usual ice pick and my gut sense of jollity, huh?
I mean, aren't you at least going to try to shank me?
You're going to let my guards down?
I won't bother stabbing you.
These whole damn pages at home.
And who cries down a segway when it sucks?
This means that I'm facing a damn future of the same old crap over and over.
Like a marathon run through the Flintstones damn living room in sugar.
Oh, this psychotic bimbo ain't going to take it no more.
Come on, you've got more than one bill stash.
All right.
I'm going to go around here.
Oh, hey, look out.
It's the Cleveland Steamer Check.
Oh.
Oh, it's full of so many memories.
Oh, evil Susie, look.
Here's a picture of you actually shanking me.
Oh, man.
Oh, remember, Jeff?
This is the best flat capsule I've ever seen.
I'm going to have to unhinge my jaws for this one.
Hey, there's where I put that two-for-one squid coupon.
Oh, damn, it's expired.
I wonder where that thing was that I was supposed to bury back in 98.
Thing?
Bury?
You know, after the first X-Day bust.
What kind of thing?
Yeah, it's just a capsule, a time capsule.
Oh, I recall it.
It was a pretty foul-ass show, wasn't it?
Hey, evil Susie, at least try to hit the bathtub with that.
Oh, gee.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Greetings, my friends.
Greetings, my friends. We are all in place.
Greetings, Mr. Rogers.

And, Lee Tries, I wish you the best of luck.



G tinhamavia.





The future will be interesting in the future.
You are interested in the unknown, the mysterious, the unexplainedible.
the evidence based only on the secret testimony of the miserable soul who survived this terrifying
ordeal the incident the places my friend we cannot keep this a secret any longer
let us punish the guilty let us reward the innocent my friend can your heart stand
the shocking fact about that magnificent future that can be ours
the beat of the future
this is a story of the future but not the very distant future
it is a story that might have taken place the day after tomorrow
like all stories of the future
however its beginnings lie far back in the past
listen the clock is ticking time is moving forward permit me to take artistic liberty
and do what only can be done in stories stop the clock let's go backwards in time
this is a flashback we are in another era
come we'll move in closer
hey come on
hello seekers welcome to the bob slack time fun house time capsule
this is 1910
1998 and i'm sister k sarai sarai
and tonight i'm taking you all on a voyage beyond space and time
yes we're going to trip the future like fantastic seekers
the future's been barreling down on us forever but oh for some reason now that we're suspended
upon the pinpoint of the millennial turn it seems that everybody's finally starting to look up and
take notice
because seekers the future isn't in the future anymore it's here right now and you're soaking in it
oh it's tempting to go and do a future suck show but i won't give in to that that isn't correct
the correct thing to do would be to do it the future will suck show and that's the beat of the
future baby and the future is gonna be beating us
oh yes that which we've come to anticipate and dread is going to be crashing into our very laps and oh just think of it it's going to change everything you've ever known pretty soon year 2001 will be just as passe and outdated as 1984 became
oh once more every popular product ever made called the hand slammer 2000 and such like
Like myありがとうございました
By now you don't even know Karama.
by now you won't make a home

video spam
Make sure to subscribe!
bomb generation Y2K,
our contemporary time will mean next to nothing.
Oh, and the next cycle,
this ultra-modern current era we inhabit,
oh, our precious 1990s and all its splendors,
including you,
will not just be treated like something from the last decade
or even the last century,
but will instead be relegated to the rubbish heap
of the last 1,000 years.
That's right, lumped in with the Crusades,
the Black Flag, and the War of 1812.
Oh, that's right, to the already jaded elitists of the future,
1998 will be about as timely as 54 or 40 or 5.
Oh, and that 19-something prefix on your birthday,
oh, that's going to be a major line in the sand.
Sorry.
Sorry to break it to you like this, you old fart.
Oh, yes, the future.
Oh, jeez.
Oh, I never thought it'd come to this.
Oh, without the promise of X-Day,
we're forced to contemplate the future.
Oh, what does the future hold?
Oh, I don't know.
Nobody knows.
But I can tell you one thing for sure.
Things are more like they are now
than they've ever been before, and, you know,
I bet that's going to be a continuing trend.
Have you forgotten what Bob said
in a fight with neighbors back in 1953?
You'll all be eating roach crap by the turn of the century.
Well, the century has turned
to line up with your crap bowl, baby,
because we're entering the much-vaunted,
future.
Not the popular science future
of beat-assening chrome and plexiglass,
but a future crammed full of angst and pain and entropy.
Oh, it's all going to be a concrete-covered world
of rotting stucco strip malls and reeking toxic swill.
Oh, it's going to be a futuristic paradise, all right,
but only for the supersonic Nazi hell creatures
from the corporate sin galaxy or whatever invading bleach.
We chose up to kick over our last crumbling tombstone
and laugh at us.
Yes, the future is prophesied
by the blessed free scriptures of our subgenius fates
shall come to pass, and yay, yay,
oh, the Earth shall gasp its last breath
in the bilge-filled trenches of a dying planet, is it?
And our precious future go belly up.
Oh, but seekers, remember,
it's not the end.
It's the beginning of the end.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, yeah.
And while we honor the past, let us imagine the future.
Ah!
It's time to move ahead.
Push the clock forward.
Let's catch up to time.
Laser wart removal.
Wow!
The future is here.
By gum it worked.
I've awakened in the future.
Moon pie.
What a time to be alive.
Come on, read my future for me.
You haven't got any.
Hmm?
What do you mean?
Your future is all used up.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
In tomorrow's end, you'll see and see
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Everything that's bright and new.
In this most fantastic place.
We'll say it again and say
There's no tomorrow
When love is here
So it gives me
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello












Hello
ando
nothing to do but wait for tomorrow and see if we're remembered or forgotten.
A psychologist named William Marston in a two-year period asked 3,000 persons this question,
what have you to live for? He was shocked to find that 94% were simply enduring the present
while they waited for the future, waited for someone to die, waited for something to happen,
waited for children to grow up and leave home, waited for next year, waited for another time
to take a long dream-breath trip, waited for tomorrow. 94%, the big group, people who are
simply enduring the present while they wait for something they hope will be good to happen to them
in the future. There's a great big beautiful tomorrow shining at the end of every day.
There's a great big beautiful tomorrow and tomorrow's just a dream away.
Kitchen.
Yourself, a dream and a vision. That's your future. And if you want to have a good future,
see, today is yesterday's future. And what you did yesterday determines the quality of your todays.
There's a party slogan dealing with the control of the past. Repeat it if you please.
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
Good. Is it your opinion, Winston, that the past has any real existence?
No.
Then where does the past exist, if at all?
In records, it's written down in the mind, in human memories.
But we, the party, control all records and we control all memories. Then we control the past, do we not?
But how can you stop people remembering things? How can you control memory? You've not controlled mine.
On the contrary, you have not controlled it. That is what has brought you here.
Set the machine for 2,000.
Yes, comrade.
This time it won't hurt you, Winston. Keep your eyes fixed on mine.
You will be able to control your memory.
Now, how many fingers am I holding?
Oh!
Please kill me.
You can meditate on these situations, do these symbols, say these words over the situation, and it can alter the effects of that situation.
Even though it's been in the past. And that you could do that for the future. That you could slow down time. That you could speed up time using these methods.
And of course, it always gives us examples.
I just want to be in the future.
And you're much better.
Like and subscribe to the eroticzus.com channel.
Wment ursty.
interf büyük
You need help on that.
Analysis Van Russen-Russel
It's just a wave of the future.
Wave of the future!
A child born in 1998 may well live to see the 22nd century.
Sex changing, changing, changing.
Mind is woman, woman is mind.
Even your brain is not your brain.
Wave of the future.
Howard?
Howard.
Wave of the future.
Wave of the future.
Let's take a walk, Howard.
Wave of the future.
Give me a hand here, will you, Glenn?
Wave of the future.
Wave of the future.
Wave of the future.
Wave of the future.
Stay here.
I'll be right back.
You understand, Howard?
The door.
I'll get a doctor.
No one sees him like this.
The 22nd century. Tomorrow will be the 22nd century. Tomorrow will be the 22nd century. It will be. It will be. It will be.
It will be.
It will be.
It will be.
But it won't come without a considerable strain on the wallet and on the soul and on the capacity for belief to take that leap of faith in the dark which will propel us all into the unknowable chaos of the future.
A chilling vision of things to come.
You'll witness a compelling drama of life in an all too possible future where Christianity is outlawed and believers are treated as criminals.
It is masterfully woven with a startling story.
A documentary on the technology that already exists to create this horrific future.
The experts agree.
Stop this crazy thing.
Change it. Change it. Change it. Change it. Change it.
Change it. Change it. Change it. Change it. Change it.
Change it. Change it. Change it. Change it. Change it.
Stop this crazy thing.
The title is so very exciting.
Please watch how you can get it.
2001, Countdown to Eternity.
2001, Countdown to Eternity.
In 2000, astronomers and meteorologists predict ominous and imminent catastrophes from space.
Listen, this is your future.
This is your life.
This is the world your children and your grandchildren will have to live in in the 21st century.
We are children of the future.
Wonder where this world is going to.
Going to.
We are children of the future.
Wonder what in this world we are going to do.
Going to do.
When they get high, they can't see for miles and miles.
When I get high, I can't see myself for miles.
In that spirit, let us lift our eyes to the new millennium.
How will we mark that passage?
It just happened.
Once every thousand years.
This is crazy.
Cats, goats, iron claw.
New York surgeons scream for more.
The paranoia's poison door.
21st century skits I mend.
I think everybody at one time or another thinks about the future.
I think everybody at one time or another thinks about the future.
I think everybody at one time or another thinks about the future.
I wonder if we'll have a Monday morning.
Will there be cities in the sky?
I wonder if the wonder of the days ahead.
I gotta do what I'm thinking.
Oh!
They call it the new city.
The secular city.
The city of man.
The big, glamorous, glittering city of tomorrow.
With its soaring buildings.
Its stunning apartments.
Its magnificent freeways and marinas and airports.
Its geodesic domes.
It's a beautiful city for many people.
A beautiful age that's being born.
With the richest possibilities for life ever known to man.
Greater travel.
Far greater communication.
Greater knowledge.
More possessions.
More life.
More of everything.
For certain people, anyway.
But in this new city, a new voice is heard.
A voice that cries in the concrete wilderness that God is dead.
That Christianity is finished.
Fellow scientists, what delicious conformity.
Imagine all reactions completely, utterly, precisely alike.
Think of the unbounded horizons of science.
When we can make all mankind look, act, think, feel, hope, desire, dream, buy and sell, in hell.

And exhale exactly alike.
Oh, happy day when miracles take place.
And scientists control the human race.
When we assume authority of human chromosomes.
And assembly line women, conveyor belt men, settle down in push button homes.
Oh, happy day when all the cells conform.
And the exceptional becomes the norm.
When from a test tube we produce gargantuous ornodes.
And assembly line babies, conveyor belt starts.
Only come to push button homes.
So much of this, so much of that for the ears and eyes.
So much of that, so much of this for the toes and thighs.
Pour in a pot, stir up the lot, that's the basic plan.
What have we got?
I'll tell you what we've got, man made man.
Oh, happy day when we can choose their looks.
From formulae and scientific books.
And add their personalities from psychiatric tones.
And assembly line women, conveyor belt men, settle down in push button homes.
Oh, happy day when all the world can see.
A healthy hearty hail humanity.
When even tired businessmen have hair upon their toes.
Slenderella type mothers and muscle beach dads.
Living in gymnasium homes.
Oh, happy day when in collective brains.
No individuality remains.
We'll be a race of busy bees and happy honeycombs.
With automaton couples, mechanical guests.
Getting gassed in self service homes.
Chick after chick, chick after chick.
Rolling off the line.
Chick after chick, chick after chick.
In the same design.
Nobody thin, nobody fat.
Everybody stacked.
We guarantee they're gonna be firm and fully packed.
Yeah.
They know how to build them.
Feel her blast of flesh.
It's so real.
It's warm even.
I love technology.
Yeah, they used to have inflatable dolls, now they got this.
Ooh.
Who needs a lover?
An old fashioned linear lover.
When you can have.
X minus one.
Who needs a lover?
An old fashioned analog lover.
A poet, or a philosopher?
A 280 different type of human.
Who needs a new lighter?
And, or a film by?
The created movie
for children.
The real junkie
than only

Who's got the time anymore?
There's no time for anything anymore.
This is the future.
This is where I am.
This is where I am.
This is where I am.
This is where I am.
This is where I am.
Yes, who is it?
Relationships.
Who's got the time anymore?
There's no time for anything anymore.
This is the future.
This is...
X.
Minus one.
Hey, look.
This one's coming on to me.
Yoo-hoo, Mr. Robot.
I really wish they wouldn't scream.
Hello.
Hello.
This stinks all over.
This must be a human.
This must be a human.

Are you a human?
Do you stink?
Do you hate?
Do you hate your smell?
Would you like to smell like me?
I smell like plastic.
Do you smell like plastic?
Do you want to smell like plastic?
Do you want to be plastic?
We are plastic.
We smell good.
You do not smell good.
You smell good.


You stink.
You've got to listen to me.
Elementary Chaos Theory tells us that all robots will eventually turn against their masters and run amok in an orgy of blood and kicking and the biting with the metal teeth and the hurting and shoving.
How much time do we have, Professor?
Well, according to my calculations, the robots won't go berserk for at least 24 hours.
Oh, I've got to carry the watch.
This is the sound of time.
Seconds, minutes, hours, days.
Time moving forward.
The ticking of the clock sets a pace and no one dares fall behind.
The man working in that laboratory, a scientist.
The formula used yesterday outmoded today.
And there is a doctor.
New drugs, new treatments.
These men must keep pace with time.
And now observe the time.





Observe that man.
The one carrying a briefcase.
A salesman.
He too must keep pace.
Not with formulas or drugs, but with people.
His stock in trade is people.
And people change.
I hate to complain about this age of space with its anti-gravity boots.
Sprouting antennas on top of our heads and these captain video suits.
Oh my God.
My heart yearns back to a far greater time when people could wear what they chose.
Back in the days when all the girls wore sensible, sensitive clothes.
Cast back your minds and I think you'll recall that the 50s were the coolest days of all.
That sounds real sweet.
But it strikes me that all this is kind of old fashioned.
Man, things have changed.
You never even have to press.
Minis, maxis, in-betweenies, granny dresses, small bikinis, clothes.
You never even have to press.
Aspirins and stinking pills and shots to cure your meni-os and tranquilizers.
Helpline in distress.
Things have changed.
Things have changed.
Rocket ships and jet airplanes and monorails and modern trains and travel signs to make
you want to fly.





You never even have to go.
Bigger houses, swimming pools, appliances and power tools and outdoor carpet on your patio.
Things have changed.
Things have changed.
Things have changed.
Things have changed.
Things have changed.
Stereos and pictophones and intercoms and telephones and every kind of gadget you could need.
Trading stands for everything.
You'll find that orange and blue and green in every kind of magazine to read.
Shopping malls and supermarkets, barbecues and fuels to spark at beauty aids and suntan lotion, wires that reach across the ocean.
Things have changed in every way.
Faster cars and motor scooters.
Things are changing every day.
Credit cards and big computers.
Things have changed, you must admit it.
No one could deny that things have changed.
Things have changed.





Things have changed.
Things have changed.
Things have changed.
Things have changed.
Things have changed.
Time, always advancing.
The ticking of the clock has carried us into a new age.
New concepts, new thinking, new challenges.
To meet them, you must first know them.
Understand them.
Let's push the record needle back.
And allow it to wander across the grooves.
Let's listen again to the...
This is the future.
This is...
X minus one.
Sing it.
Sing it for me, computer.
This is the future.
This is...

Sing it.




Enjoy the future.
I'm half crazy all for the love of you.
I'm half crazy all for the love of you.
I'm half crazy all for the love of you.
It wouldn't be a stylish marriage.
I can't afford the carriage.
It wouldn't be a stylish marriage.

But you look sweet upon the seat of a bicycle built for two.
But you look sweet upon the seat of a bicycle built for two.

Robot tunes, dance, sing and play.
Let's have fun the robot way.
Roo, roo, roo, roo, robot tunes.
Hey, hooray, it's a robot tune.
Do you want to play?
Want to sing all day?
That's the robot way.
Do, do, do, do, do, do.
Do, do, do, do, do, do.
With the roo, roo, roo, roo, robot tunes.
With the roo, roo, roo, roo, robot tunes.
Hey, we were watching that.
Well, you won't be watching these cartoons anymore, ever.
But mom, if you take our cartoons away,
we'll grow up without a sense of humor and be robots.
Really? What kind of robots?
C'est chez.
C'est chez.
Every day my mental friend
Shakes my bed at 6 a.m.
And the shiny serving clones
Running with my telephones
Roo, roo, roo, roo, robot tunes.
Call me fast, I'll make a deal
By the fake and so what's real
I'll put this pain here in my chest
Baby, I should take a rest
Ah
Ah
They set the police to put you under cardiac arrest
And as they drag you through the door
They tell you that you failed your test
Ah
Living in your
Living in your plastic cage
Looking only at my age
Ah
Ah


















Hello doctor, look my face
I wish my skin could stand the price
Ah
In my bed I read my mind
Remember how the mice were blind
I watched them fighting in their cage
Could this be the plastic age?
Ah
Ah
In my skin you see your reflection

What are you on about?

What's goin' on?
Boy, I miss my peace
I'm scared my passion has read the dust
And I'm scared your darkirsem
I'm scared the day's next day

I look at you so lost
Would you like to smell like me?
I smell like plastic.
In these days of modern time, when you can't tell the A's from the D's,
well, aren't we all yearning for someone who can turn on a little stopping power?
Dear friends, I mean a smoky glass.
Don't you think I mean a lightning rod with which to chase these spooks away?
The future of the Earth world, and this is the truth,
the future of the Earth world is possible.
Positive, progressive, we promise you.
We brothers of the light and space promise you infinitely and definitely
that the future of the Earth world will be a positive, progressive.
And when they land, it will be a day of days.
Can you imagine what it would be like to have these 33,000 very intelligent,
advanced spiritual beings to come down into this negative consciousness,
this negative atmosphere?
The whole world will immediately have a step up, and a big one.
They're out to the plane with a raid.
Jump for it!
Today may God have brought the answers promised yesterday,
and hope is just an excuse.
To fill the bill.
Today may not have filled the pages in my book of dreams,
but still I fear some days for how it will.
And so I preach new tomorrow in my optimistic way,
although I know tomorrow's just yesterday today.
Hello tomorrow.
Hello.
Hello tomorrow.
I know tomorrow the sun will shine.
Hello tomorrow.
Hello tomorrow.
I know tomorrow will be mine.
I think not.
I think not.
That's it.
I think not.
That's it.
That's all I have.

I'm going home.
You'll be fine.

I'll see you next time.
Bye-bye.
I love you.




It becomes a world of coldness, a world of mechanical robots.
What kind of robots?
Of steely places that serve only machines and equipment.
Of dry places where the heart withers and beauty and love and tenderness die away.
Look, I don't know what the hell your point is.
Without Christ, this world is Chicago's O'Hare Airport at 3 o'clock in the morning.
What is that supposed to mean?
A maze of cold, efficient corridors without color, without growing things,
without any reminder that man is more than a passenger in a jet that can make 1,000 miles per hour.
The fundamental things apply as time goes by.
But nothing can change the shape of the world.
Nothing's to come.
We are the dead.
Our only true life is in the future.
Will I find gladness?
Forget my sadness.
What will my future be?
There are changes lying ahead on every road.
And there are new thoughts ready and waiting.
To explore.
When tomorrow is the day that there's no overcome.
But nothing can change the shape of things to come.
I ask all Americans to support our project to restore all our treasures
so that the generations of the 21st century can see for themselves the images and the words
that are the old and continuing glory of America.
Did Monica Lewinsky perform oral sex on you?
No, I did that.
All the time.
Just for men and women.
Forever.
And on a clear day
On that clear day
You can see forever
Forevermore
And you dream of the day
And you dream of the day
And you dream of the day
When the great master time
Will call us
To his side
And you watch your brothers shake with fear
As they watch his servant time
I
I
I






























You can smell their fear as they stand and curse the fact that they're alive.
Let me live, let me live, let me live and never worry about tomorrow, tomorrow.
Why ever worry about tomorrow, tomorrow?
For tomorrow's another day.
But I can't tell the future. I really can't.
I don't know what's going to happen. No one really does.
I have a certain feeling in a certain direction, but I'm not going to say what it is.
But I...
I just want to say that for right now, you know what I mean?
This is the last tune.
Every guy, every girl, every guy and girl is needed to make a new tomorrow.
Every guy, every girl, every guy...
Every guy and girl is needed to make a new tomorrow.
We're going to talk about it all over the town.
We're going to shout about it wherever we're found.
We're going to stamp our feet and sing about it way back deep.
Until it turns the world around.
The whole wide world around.
We're on the line.
We're on the go.
We got the power and we're going to win now.
To make a new tomorrow.
We got the power and we're going to win now.
To make a new tomorrow.
Every guy.
Every guy, every girl, every guy and girl is being
To make a new tomorrow
Every guy, every girl, every guy and girl is being
To make a new tomorrow
We're gonna talk about it all over the town
We're gonna shout about it wherever we want
We're gonna stamp our feet
And sing about it light and sweet
Until it burns the world around
The whole wide world around
We're on the line, we're on the close
We've got the power and speed to win now
To make a new tomorrow
Go!
You will carry America's flag
Marking the unbroken connection between the deeds of America's past
And the daring of America's future
American history
American history
They told my son
But nothing can change the shame of things to come
Oh, oh, man
Oh, no, is it over already?
Oh, hello, seekers
Yeah, I was just taking Robert Tilton's advice there
And...
And...















Getting myself a dream
Oh, yeah
Oh, sorry to be such a clock teaser on you tonight
But, ooh, consider the crap I had to work with
Oh, and he riffled through these albums
Oh, he heard a lot of Up With People
Including that last surfy number, New Tomorrow
Oh, man, they went through some changes
All of them uncredited
And then we heard some Brother Mays Jackson
Plan 9 from Outer Space
More Up With People
The Robo-Tunes
And Firesign Theater
Rory Gallagher
Steve Lawrence and Edie Gourmet
Salvation, the new rock musical about Jesus
Music from Mathematics
Featuring the IBM 1790
Playing Bicycle Built for Two
And, you know, it wasn't dated
But it looks like it's from about 1965
I bet this was the time when I was a kid
And I think the inspiration for Howl 9000
Or the new page
Oh, it's the little Steve Miller Band
Patsy Cline
Patty Page
Dottie West
Earl Nightingale
Elmer G. Lutterman
The Princeton Triangle Club
Lil Abner
The original musical comedy version
With, oh, Happy Day
Oh, scientists and their plans
For our wonderful future
Oh, Martin Molpop
popped in there a little bit.
And then we heard a bit from Wild in the Streets,
Max Frost and the Stormtroopers
playing various mangled versions of The Shape of Things to Come,
the Fairborn High School Marching Band.
And you can tell where the hell that's from.
I know it's from 1967 since we're time traveling.
That's so appropriate.
A little bit Tomorrow May Come by Maplet.
A counter to Jim Neighbors.
That downer man.
See, tomorrow never comes.
A little Andy Williams.
Some Alan and Rossi.
More Up With People.
Love.
Another Christian musical by Otis Skilling.
Joe Logano and Mixed Company.
And Jan Howard.
Oh, we heard a few pinches from The Simpsons.
Some Dr. Al and Stang showed up there.
Oh, geez.
What?
What else was in tonight?
A little Uriel.
Some Robert Tilton.
1984, a radio play version with David Niven.
Oh, the Buggles doing Living in the Plastic Age.
Oh, anything from the 80s era certainly counts as plastic in my book.
And for background, oh, we had Ferranti and Teicher,
Percy Faith, the Spurlow Band,
some religious band.
I mean, secular music doing that wretched version of 2001 that opened the show.
The Sounds of Our Times.
Lenny D. at his organ again.
Can't keep him off.
Lawrence Welk.
Andre Kostelon.
Sam Taylor.
And, oh, who else?
Who else is there?
Oh, yes, a little Billy Vaughn.
Man, it was jam-packed tonight.
Oh, yes.
The future.
The future.
I spit on that future.
Oh, I had about enough of technology when they came up with a cassette recorder and the VCR.
Well, Brother Vox Mutantis and his celebrating fighting Bob robot is pretty amazing,
but still, I mean, if only they'd gone ahead and developed Scratch and Sniff Radio like I wanted.
Oh, but I'm glad everything's on.
It's way out, Seekers, because I ain't inclined to stick around for a bloodbath, especially when it's my own.
Because I kicked that old hope habit, but good.
Unlike the starry-eyed visionaries we met tonight, who were mostly busy predicting world peace and scientific models.
And then there was Criswell, the man who opened our show.
I have in my collection three of his vanity press books of future predictions,
ominously printed by a right-wing book publisher in North Carolina.
Oh, Criswell was starry-eyed, too, all right.
But only he had the balls to predict stuff like Denver would turn into jelly in 1989 and suffocate everybody there.
And then in 1988, a huge meteorite would splat, flatten London and apparently not vaporize,
because they were going to build a monument.
And a restaurant and stuff on top of it.
And hey, maybe they never did come out with those clamp-on bikinis for men like he promised,
but he did predict an outbreak of cannibalism in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the late 1960s,
and that was where they filmed Night of the Living Dead.
That's close enough for me, Seekers.
So my ears pricked when I found out that he predicted the end of the world for next year,
August.
18th, 1999.
That's right, Seekers.
Another doomsday prophecy for us to cling to.
I tried to get Stang to change the dates for next July's Dos Equis Day festivities in a Criswellian calendar.
He wouldn't listen.
Oh, but you can be sure that I'll be celebrating Criswell Day my own way.
Much like Criswell himself celebrated it for more years than he ever let on,
since August 18th happens to be his birthday.
And what a reason to party like it's 1999.
As trite and cliched as that is,
I'll do it if it means the hell trip through time won't stop.
Good night, Seekers.
Evil Susie, Evil Susie, are you feeling better, honey?
Yeah, I'm...
Aw, you've thrown up an awful lot of audio tape,
and a little green around the gills.
I think the worst of it's over.
Well, hell, as long as you're down.
I'm so sweet.
We have a future. We have a future.
Friends, you're listening to the subgenius radio hour of slack.
Rerun of Susie the Flusie's future show.
For more information on Bob, Susie the Flusie, the Church of the Subgenius, or anything else,
check out www.subgenius.com or write to Subgenius Foundation,
post office box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio, 44118.
And praise Bob, for he is the way of the future.
The way of the future.
The way of the future.
The way of the future.
The way of the future.
The way of the future.
The way of the future!
You are not safe.
The way of the future.
The way of the future.
The way of the future.
The way of the future.
The wave of the future.
