Nobody feels really bad around Bob unless you get bit by a
You'll finally get to see why they call me Bob.
What, you got something against a warm welcome?
No, no, just, just has been a long time, that's all, and, well, people change.
Have I changed?
Maybe.
What are you getting at, man?
Maybe.
Maybe.
The bobbing boy nearly floats away.
But bounces back like a man.
Mostly.
Keep it running!
Okay, Bob, we're ready for the lob.
Bobbing to the surface.
That's what I like to see!
You're saying that the reason that you're not doing the job that I'm paying you to do is...
Bobbing to the surface.
That you don't have a job to do?
No.
Is that what you're saying?
What are you trying to convince me of, exactly?
That you're as useless as an arsehole right here?
Well, guess what, buddy.
I think you just n***a convinced me.
Are we all in a continual cycle of birth and rebirth, simply interchanging bodies as we go?
And if so, this raises yet another question.
Do we get to choose?
I mean, who was I before I was who I am now, and who will I be next?
Could I be you?
Now that is definitely weird.
What?
Weird is our specialty.
Bill.
Thanks, the large.
Friends, this is hour of slack number 1,342, and it's being assembled under weird conditions.
By the time you hear this, we'll probably be back in Cleveland Bluffs, Ohio, but in my pre-recorded time, it's just before Existlessnessmas.
And Princess Wee and I are at Stang Ranch, Stangsville, Stang County, Texas, to which we brought both rain for the dry, dry earth,
and a really...
Unpredictable disease.
Like a cold, but different for each person.
A subgenius contagion for the poor normals.
Unfortunately, we also infected all the subgeniuses who let us stay at their homes on the way driving down here.
Potter and Petal, Suds and Pisces, Legume and Pockets, Susie the Floozy, Pope Sternodox, and Dr. Cooler.
We're so contagious that we could infect people just by looking at them, just by being heard.
In fact, we might do a whole show just about the disease.
You can contract it by radio waves.
And also, we might do a thing about our travels through the bucolic rural towns like Dierks and Dequeen in Arkansas.
Dequeen has a dairy, Dequeen.
It really does.
But this show, I had to assemble on Princess Wee's laptop using Pappy's guest room as a studio.
And this location mic and minimal software.
Hence the tinny sound of the background music by the psychoskeletons.
But I shan't resort to reruns yet because people keep sending us new stuff and it beats editing in a hotel room or the iVan.
Coming up, we have Reverend Exister's dense mashup, Ship of State Part 2.
Some puzzling evidence from KPFA Berkeley with Dr. Philodruman and Dr. Howell versus the callers.
A somewhat late Christmas Bob hymn by Popes Pantiera Ivakovich.
A rip-roaring rant by Reverend Frodus Suds Pasha, who also mixed Pantiera's fine piece.
And best of all, probably, the very beginning of Reverend Penn Jillette's reading of his book, God Know.
That audio book is fantastic.
And Penn Jillette really is a long-time subgenius minister.
I'm not going to play.
I'm not going to play his whole book because then you wouldn't be tempted to buy it.
And I'm just tempting you to do that very thing by playing the intro to it.
It's really something.
It makes me jealous as hell.
And I'm going to have to bleep the heck out of it for our beloved broadcast stations.
The internet version has all the cussing intact.
But first, some radio synesthesia that is very timely here in the past, if not there in the future.
Dr. Sinister does radio.
This is Radio Synesthesia Sunday nights at 10 Eastern, right after your hour of slack on WCSB in Cleveland.
You can hear it at WCSB.org.
Last Sunday, my time, I called in from Stang Ranch and Lonesome Cowboy Dave called in and Governor Rocknar and others.
And at that time, it had some timely discussions.
All old in your now.
So the very first thing we'll do on this hour of slack is end it.
We're running out of time here.
So I want to make sure we have at least one more line open.
So, Joe, I've got to let you go real quick.
We're a time control cult.
We're running out of time.
We're not really running out of time.
We're running out of the concept within this context.
Yes, you're right.
Good point.
We're running out of time.
There's a little known and very deliberately ignored pithy phrase by Bob, which is that
the only method of time control available.
To us is patience.
Until I go back to 16 months, whatever you want.
I'm ready for action.
Well, good.
Get to it.
You've got to get to it.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Am I going to get to it?
Believe me.
Any minute now.
And the message is 351, phones number to call if you'd like to get in.
And now the world may end and you may not.
I forgot.
You may die that you may die and you may not.
I remember.
And you may be wishing for death.
Yeah, may is written in a much bigger font.
Mm-hmm.
And welcome.
Not everybody notices that.
Welcome to the program, skeptic.
Especially when we're not running around coconuts without any shoes.
You know, some of these more third world countries got to get hip to the fact that Bob is coming
real soon in his own pants.
Oh, no, wait a minute.
I'm reading from the wrong thing here.
Yeah, that's the Bible.
You're reading from the Bible.
Exactly.
What do you...
I don't know if you already covered this or not.
But what did you think about Kim Jong-il?
What do I think about Kim Jong-il?
I think he's got an awesome...
He just kicked it, didn't he?
He did?
Yeah.
Yeah, just before I got online, I looked at the news and Kim Jong-il...
He officially died on a train ticket in Korea.
Yeah, but that was the one who was already dying who turned over to his roguish young
son named Larry.
He's about a dead punk.
No, he died today.
This has just been a year of change for the world.
I mean, you had the revolutions in Egypt.
You had the revolutions in Syria.
You have the revolutions in Libya.
And the Koreans bring Rome.
You've got Osama bin Laden dead.
Kim Jong-il's dead.
Christopher Hitchens dead.
It's no longer so-ronery.
It's no so-ronery no more.
Yes, the Koreans bring Rome.
Portrayed by no-ronery no more.
I had to hit the refresh button on the webpage here, and then it came up.
Well, you think about that.
It's no more.
Change your life at all.
Man, the bufantes never going to be the same again.
Falsehood.
I'm willing to declare that it's probably a falsity or...
Well, they actually have not changed heads of state in North Korea since, like, the war.
Well, it's been an...
Officially, Kim Il-sung is still the head of state.
The old man who's, like, virtually in coma, unless maybe he's dead today.
And he's in state, but he's head of state.
But he's not the head of state.
His son, though, is going to take over, right?
His budgie little son that looks like him.
Kim Jong-un.
I'd beware the Ides of March.
This kind of, uh...
These kind of rumors of wanderings of politicians are always precluded by classes of titans.
He died two days ago.
A communist hereditary monarchy.
Hey, you know what?
Everything good comes in threes, right?
Well, all monarchs were created equal.
Deaths always come in threes.
And for Obama, these three deaths are very significant.
You got Gaddafi dead.
You got Osama bin Laden dead.
Now you got Kim Jong-il dead.
There's three right there.
Wow, man.
That's wild, man.
And that's all within the space of, let's say, two years.


Seven months.
Wow.
Shot him down.
They were either old or hated dictators.
I don't see any mystical coincidence in that.
What are they called?
Boxcar derby cars and stuff?
Kim Jong-il was a very heavy drinker, actually, from what I've read.
He was a sot.
He was a sot.
Sot.
Fill in a bottle of Kentucky bourbon and just ship it to him via the North Korean embassy.
I bet he drank really good stuff.
He drank Hennessy Cognac.
That was his drink of choice from what I've read.
He drank addictive stuff, man.
Hennessy?
Anything barrel-aged is going to be more toxic, they say.
I wonder if he was a prop.
Obviously, he was an unsaved subgenius.
I just wonder if he smoked marijuana or if he smoked, say, Habifroth.
Have you ever seen the propaganda cartoons on YouTube?
What's that?
Have you ever seen North Korean porn?
No, I never have.
That sounds like fun, though.
Are they real?

They're hilarious.
Are they real?
Were they actually smuggled out of North Korea?
Yeah, they are.
Were they for kids or something?
They're for kids, yeah.
It's basically to teach kids the evils of the Americans.
They're also for those people who have infantilism, they look like kids and stuff, and they're
real big, fat barrel shapes, but they're actually full-grown adults.
Yeah, they're actually full-grown adults.






The animation is almost very reminiscent of early Walt Disney.
It's actually very well-done animation, just that the story and the plot kind of sucks.
I expect to see a lot of stars and banners unfurled and stuff like that, no?
Oh, yeah.
Think of the shows they're gonna put on.
One of them is actually in the old communist parties used to put on big Broadway-style extravagances,

You know, people pranking around stage.
Yeah, they still do.
In North Korea, they sure as hell do.
Oh, one of them, one of the kids gets to try and stay in school.
Yeah, one's trying to get kids to stay in school because, like, one kid, he's, like, you know, sleeping through math class.
He doesn't want to study.
He doesn't want to do anything.
And then he daydreams that the Americans are going to attack the shore.
And the only thing that can stop him is if he knows how to use a protractor and aim a gun, basically, at the Americans.
And he doesn't know how to do that because, you know, he slept through his math classes.
And so the Americans take over and everybody gets killed, all because one dumbass little kid slept through math class.
Slept through math class.
Slept through math class.
Slept through math class.
Slept through math class.
Brilliance Audio presents God No.
No.
Signs You May Already Be an Atheist and Other Magical Tales by Penn Jillette.
As read by Penn Jillette.
You may already be an atheist.
If God, however you perceive him, her, it, told you to kill your child, would you do it?
If the answer is no, in my booklet, you're an atheist.
There is doubt in your mind.
Love and morality are more important to you than your faith.
If your answer is yes, please reconsider.
Introduction.
The humility of loudmouth, know-it-all, asshole atheists.
You don't have to be brave or a saint, a martyr, or even very smart to be an atheist.
All you have to be able to say is, I don't know.
I remember sitting in a room full of skeptics when I first heard Christopher Hitchens say,
Atheism.
Atheists don't have saints, and we don't have martyrs.
I'm a little afraid to put that in quotes, because no matter how brilliantly I remember
any Hitchens phrase, when I go back and check, what he said was better than I remember.
He is better at speaking off the top of his head after a couple of drinks than I am at
remembering his brilliance later while referring to notes.
I know nothing about drinking, but I know that Hitchens did drink.
And when he made that comment, he was sitting next to me on the dais with a drink.





I was like, what the hell is he talking about?





But the drink was irrelevant.
I could never see that it made any difference in his abilities.
My doctor's brother, how's that for a source, said there is such a thing as state-dependent learning.
This explains the brilliance of all the jazz cats on heroin and how Keith Richards could play even a specially-tuned guitar while as fucked up as, well, Keith Richards.
They're performing in the same state in which they practiced.
Hank Williams was so fucked up, we don't even know which of the United States is the best.
He died in.
Hank's driver drove him across many state lines all night in his long white Cadillac.
When they got to Oak Hill, West Virginia, Hank was dead.
Hank's genius might have been state-dependent, but his dying wasn't even that.
Hitchens isn't that Hank Williams kind of pop genius.
Christopher Hitchens is that Thomas Jefferson kind of genius genius.
Hitch is so smart that his state doesn't seem to matter.
But for Hank Williams, it might have helped him.
Call up information in the same state drunk that Hank learned it.
Drunk.
I did the Howard Stern radio show a lot in the late 80s.
Many times I was on with Sam Kennison.
I've never had a sip of alcohol or tried any recreational drug in my life.
And I'd come into the Stern show as rested as carny trash could be that early in the morning.
Focused and ready to work.
Sam would come in fucked up.
Really fucked up.
Stern would kick off the show.
And Sam was always so good, I'd be sweating into the mic.
Trying to get a clever word in here or there.
While in awe of how fast, insightful, profound, and motherfucking funny Sam was every second.
Howard would keep us on for a long time.
At the end of the show, I'd be exhausted.
And Sam would just stagger out like he came in.
I used to wonder if this is how he was in a fucked up state.
If he ever was sober, couldn't he sweep the Nobel Prizes and throw in a Fields Medal?
You don't have to be very smart, fast, or funny to be an atheist.
You don't have to be well educated.
Being an atheist is simply saying, I don't know.
When I was a professional dishwasher, I worked with a man named Harold.
Harold sent in lyrics and the little bit of money he saved up to song poem companies
that advertised in the back of National Enquirer and Midnight.
He'd pay a full week's wages to have song sharks set his poems to music,
record the songs,
and try to sell them to make Harold rich.
Part of the scam was to send the victim a copy of his song on a record.
I now collect copies of these song poem records.
Nothing is labeled very well, and most of them are about Jesus or Nixon.
I'll never know if I'm listening to a song Harold co-wrote with a rip-off artist,
but when I listen, I feel like I'm in touch with him.
Most of the song poems are unlistenable, but the ones that are good are heartbreaking.
They are all you want in art.
Harold was a musical blase skill of out-of-work studio musicians,
sight-reading hastily scribbled sheet music,
while a competent but bitter vocalist sings unedited, pure, white-light, white-heat lyrics
from the heart of someone who doesn't know what the word cynical means.
Beat that, Bruce Springsteen!
Harold was fat and ugly and sweaty.
He didn't have any brain power or hair at all.
I looked up to him.
I knew other people who were a zillion times smarter than Harold,
but Harold managed to show up for work, get the pots and pans clean,
and deal with all the smart-ass punks, hippies, drunks, and drug users
who washed dishes briefly and badly at Famous Bill's restaurant in Greenfield, Massachusetts.
Famous Bill's contained the word famous because they'd gotten a good review of their lobster pie
in a travel magazine in the 50s.
I was a hippie punk who worked with Harold for one summer
and then went on with my life with Penn & Teller.
Harold knew a couple of little jokes.
He knew how to be polite and get to the restaurant on time
and back to his apartment after work to write songs.
I never talked theology with Harold.
I don't know if he believed in God.
But I heard him say,
I don't know, about a lot of things.
His smile, when he admitted that he didn't know, was unapologetic,
unless you were asking a question related to his job.
If you were asking him if he liked Kerouac or Thailand,
he would just say,
I don't know.
A simple statement of fact.
He knew very well that he didn't know.
I try to claim that I was friends with the genius Richard Feynman.
He came to our show a few times and was very complimentary.
And I had dinner with him a couple of times.
We chatted on the phone several times.
I'd call him to get a quick tutoring on physics so I could pretend to read his books.
No matter how much I want to brag, it's overstating it to call him a friend.
I would have never called him to help me move a couch.
I did, however, call him once to ask how he could score some liquid nitrogen.
He was the only physicist I knew at the time.
He explained patiently that he didn't know.
He was a theoretical physicist and I needed a hands-on guy.
But he tried to find one for me.
About a half hour later, a physics teacher from a community college in Brooklyn called me and said,
I don't know what kind of practical joke this is,
but a Nobel Prize winning scientist just called me here at the community college,
gave me this number, and told me to call Penn of Penn University.


I'd then tell him to help with the Letterman appearance.
I guess that's close to a friend.
My friend, Richard Feynman, said, I don't know.
I heard him say it several times.
He did it just like Harold, a simple statement of fact.
When Richard didn't know, he often worked harder than anyone else to find out.
But while he didn't know, he said, I don't know.
I like to think I fit somewhere between my friends Harold and Richard.
I don't know.
I try to remember to say, I don't know,
just the way they both did, as a simple statement of fact.
It doesn't always work.
It seems that with climate change, we're all supposed to know.
But I'll get to that later in the book.
One attack I've heard theists make against atheists is,
so you atheists think you know everything.
You think you're smart enough to know everything.
You think science can figure out everything.
There are more things in heaven and earth Horatio, than are dreamt...
That quote is from my good friend Mr. Straw Man.
But it's an idea that I've been thinking about for a long time.
It's an idea we hear all the time.
Atheists are arrogant and don't think they need God,
because they've got it all figured out.
I think people who make that accusation are confusing style with content.
I am a loud, aggressive, strident, outspoken atheist.
And I'm an asshole.
What I'm claiming is not in any way arrogant.
It couldn't be more humble.
It's just, I don't know.
I don't know how the world was created.
I don't know how humans got here.
There are a lot of good guesses,
and we keep testing those guesses,
trying to find out where they're wrong.
Science has helped a lot, but we don't know.
And maybe we never will.
I mean, we, all of us, the people alive right now,
will certainly never know,
but it seems almost as likely that no humans will ever know.
How could we?
We will keep getting closer.
We'll keep knowing more and more.
I guess string theory might explain some things,
but I don't know.
I don't understand jack shit about string theory.
Evolution explains a lot.
I think I get a little bit about that.
Evolution really does seem to make a zillion pieces fall into place.
It's the answer to a lot of questions that, before Darwin,
had to be answered with, I don't know.
The theory of evolution keeps, you know, evolving.
It keeps changing.
Now, we do know a lot, but the number of I don't know is still infinite.
Aren't there a few different kinds of infinity?
I don't fucking know.
I sure can't picture infinity.
What does it mean to go on forever?
I don't know.
That's how Harold's coworker, Penn the Dishwasher, would say it.
A simple statement of fact.
I don't know.
Where is the humility in being a theist?
There is none.
What would it mean for me to believe in God?
It would mean that I know.
Not just that I might happen to know about Kerouac, Thailand,
liquid nitrogen, and vector calculus identities,
but that I know that there is an omniscient, omnipotent,
omnipresent power in the universe that I can't prove to you,
but that I know because I have faith.
I know because I say I know.
I can feel it.
I would maybe have faith that this force in the universe is for good.
Maybe it's tied in with love.
Maybe I know that this force in the universe will give everlasting life
and cares very much where I stick my fucking cock.
Maybe I would know there is a supreme power in the universe,
and that that supreme power cares about me.
Not everyone who believes in God believes all those things,
but it doesn't matter.
Whatever they say God is, they're saying they know.
There is no humility.
They believe because they say they believe.
Some people who believe in God distort the meaning to the point where,
well, even I could say I believe in God.
Some people will tell you God is love,
and then defy you not to believe in love.
But if X equals Y, why have a fucking X?
Just keep it at Y.
Why call love God?
Why not call love love?
Beauty is God.
Okay, if you change what the word means,
you can get me to say I believe in it.
Say God is bacon or God is tits,
and I'll love and praise God,
but you're just changing the word, not the idea.
Some think that God will answer prayers.
They think that their prayer can influence the behavior of an omnipotent, omniscient power.
How do you figure that?
How come it's rare to see people on TV saying that God made them lose the stupid ball game
or killed that baby in the house fire?
How come every time someone says that God told them to kill their whole family,
the religious people say right away that the faithful murderer was crazy?
You never see religious people saying,
I wonder if that murder was a miracle.
I wonder if God is speaking to us directly again.
Maybe they really don't believe this shit either.
I could scream at the altar of a church
with a crucifix stuck deep up my asshole
that I fucked Jesus Christ hard through the hand holes
and cream on his crown of thorns,
and I will never hit the level of blasphemy
that's required for someone to pray to God
for their family's pet dog to return home.
The idea that someone can claim that they know there's a God because they feel it,
because they trust a book they were raised with,
because they had an epiphany,
and then ask this God to change its mind about its plan for the universe,
is arrogant.
Once you say you have the answer to everything,
but you can't prove it to anyone else,
I don't think you can accuse anyone else of being arrogant.
I think you are the king of kings of arrogant assholes.
And I don't know doesn't mean there might be a God.
That's the different kind of I don't know.
That's not Harold and Richard's honest, humble I don't know.
Being an atheist means you don't believe in God.
When someone asks if God exists,
and you humbly say, I don't know,
you've answered the question honestly.
Once you've answered I don't know to the existence of a God,
the answer to whether you believe in God pretty much has to be no.
That doesn't mean you're saying it's impossible for there to be a God,
or that we couldn't have evidence of a God in the future.
It just means that right now you don't know.
And if you don't know,
you can't believe.
Believing cannot rise out of I don't know.
Is there an elephant in your bathtub right now?
If you humbly answer I don't know,
then when asked if you believe there's an elephant in your bathtub right now,
the answer would be no.
Anything is possible,
but there's no reason to believe it until there's some evidence.
Once you're an atheist, anything is possible.
You are leaving open the possibility of Jesus Christ as Lord,
and Thor,
and invisible gremlins living in your tomb,
and a toaster.
It's all possible,
but I don't know.
And until I know,
until there's some evidence,
I'm an atheist.
What could be humbler than that?
In order to be smart or well-educated,
you just need to be humble.
And if you're a libertarian atheist,
there can be no commandments,
there can be no edicts.
It's all down to the individual.
No one knows what's best for other people.
I don't even know what's best for myself.
I was asked by Glenn Beck to entertain the audience,
while I talk about his derechos and Catay for now as the
host of theprised but anterior The Ten Commandments.
He told this story in his endo send.
There areanden multiple queer Officer days images,
Genghis had.
All joking aside, that seems like the right feeling.
This book is just some thoughts from someone who doesn't know.
I've tried to throw in a couple of funny stories, and there's a lot of rambling.
Some of the stories have nothing to do with atheism directly,
but they will give you a feel for how one goofy atheist lives his life in turn-of-the-century America.
If you're still claiming that you're religious, you can compare and contrast.
I think you'll find I'm just like you.
If you're the kind of guy or gal who's dropped his or her cock into a blow dryer.
Try to remember, when it all comes down, I just don't know.
But God? No! There's no fucking God!
Oh, we need more scientists so we can do what?
What are these scientists going to do for us?
They're going to come up with some stupid product that we don't need and probably kills us.
Or invent some new technology that will...
Or anything that helps mankind.
Or come up with some new technology.
That will eliminate more jobs.
Yeah, or come up with some technology that eliminates more mankind.
You know?
That's the deal going down.
I've been working on it, boys.
And you, you...
Thank you for getting down.
I cough up a lunger and extinguish the sun.
I send about the scurry here and there and deliver the message of death.
That's sick, man.
What did you say, skeptic?
I was just... That's all I really had to contribute.
I don't know if it changes your day, your month, your year or not.
But for 2011, quite an eventful year.
Protests.
Lots of deaths this year of major players in the world.
And I'm not sure if this changes tomorrow or puts the exclamation point on a year.
But, yeah, it lost a lot of people.
Christopher Hitchens was a shame, too.
You know what? I found him to be a boor.
Trite?
A boor.
Anything but trite.
Very, very fascinating personality.
Very good writer.
Very good at rhetoric and all that.
But at the end of the day, he, you know, exposed himself to be the asshat he was all along.
Who are you talking about?
Christopher Hitchens.
Vanity Fair.
He's, you know...
Yeah, he...
Two dudes.
Two dudes.




He kind of was a little arrogant, wasn't he?
Especially after...
Well, it's not just that he was arrogant.
He was also, you know, just a bully in some ways.
And certainly a misogynist in some ways.
And, of course...
But he tried to force atheism down everybody's damn throat.
I didn't have a problem with that at all.
He was...
There's no such thing as forcing atheism down anybody's throat.
Yeah, he was not forcing that.
He did not force it down anybody's throat at all.
He just made his opinions on the questions of divinity quite clear.
And that was one of the things...
I thought he was an excellent...
This is how Kentuckians see it.
This is how Kentuckians see him as.
Well, Kentuckians, I...
With all due respect, I mean...
You know, anytime someone...
You know, Kentuckians have the same problem that...
That religious people all over the world have.
You seem to think that you're being oppressed
just by the virtue that someone is questioning
or daring to say that maybe your religion is wrong.
And...
But when someone merely expressing an opinion
and trying to make a reasonable argument,
is different from forcing a belief system on people.
No kidding.
The Christians would rather force...
You've got apples and oranges.
It's a completely different thing.
But I would not be surprised if people in places like Kentucky or Texas
thought of him as a guy who was just trying to shove atheism down their throat.
Right.
Because that's how they view any criticism.
That's how they paint it.
That's how they have to paint it.
Right.
And it's...
But we have a well-established faith-based system in Kentucky,
and it's worked for us very well.
It's called faith handling.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yep, yep, yep.
But, um...
Well, that's not all for a media show,
but Hitchens still is.
Just think of it.
That's, you know, basically what you're dealing with
is a media personality.
Who knows how many times he opened up the big one
for, you know, for personal gain.
What kind of liberal libertarian is that?
He's, you know, the kind that gets a check.
At the end of the day, though,
you know, what he'll probably be remembered for
is, you know, how he spent the last decade or so,
which was arguing on the wrong side
of some of the great debates in our, uh...
in our society, mainly having to do with
the war on terrorism and the war in Iraq.
Media personality.
He turned into a hawk.
Yep.
A flak hack, as it were.
And a very...
And he never tried to be one, really.
No, he didn't.
Andy Rooney felt the same way at the end of his life, too.
It got very, uh...
It got very, uh, disappointing to see
some of the cheap rhetorical tricks he would try to employ
when trying to make a case for...
for invading Iraq.
Yeah, here's this brilliant so-called guy,
and all of a sudden he's Bill O'Reilly, you know?
This is Phil.
Phil.
Pete.
And Dave.
Of the...
Fire Sign Theater.
And we're listening to...
The Hour of Slack.
Hack, hack, hack, hack, hack.
Because we're subgeniuses.
And we're slacking off.
But friends, are we here to give Bob all the credit
for this moment of self-actuating
and self-stimulating understanding?
Or could there be even more sinister forces at work?
Well, we must give credit where at least some credit is due.
And there happens to be one other we must thank
for this divine wisdom.
One other entity that we must pay tribute
for our final reckoning.
Friends, we must take a moment to give thanks
to the conspiracy itself.
Now I know it must come as a great shock
to my brothers and sisters.
I'm sure you are thinking to yourself,
how could he give that lumbering, all-consuming,
slack-sucking machine of slow, agonizing species death
an ounce of credit for anything other than...

pissed and fucking the collective fractums
of our congregation?
You are probably wondering how in the hell
he can sit there with the audacity
to give any appreciation to that
which we have sworn our undying hatred towards.
You must be trying to understand
where this silly son of a bitch gets off
polishing the helmet of that
which our sweet acts of subversion seek to destroy.
Why, you ask?
Because the conspiracy pushed our collective asses
straight into Bob's pipe.
And for the first time in my...
life, I know what true slack means for me.
I realize that I had it all along,
and no matter what hellbound path
the conspiracy has planned for us all,
they will never be able to take it away from us.
Praise God damn Bob.
What a way to finish.
We're not finished.
Speak for yourself.
One day, one night,
Kobayashi Maru.
Are you afraid of the future?
I believe that was a general idea
that I was trying to convey.
I don't mean this future.
What is this? Multiple choice?
Some people are afraid
of what might happen.
I was terrified.
Try not to be too hard on yourself.
We all felt exactly the same.
Once a man has seen society's black underbelly,
he can never pretend.
Like you do.
But it doesn't exist.
No matter who orders him to look the other way.
We don't do this...
thing.
Because it's permitted.
We do it because we have to.
And we do it because we're compelled.
And I'd be No. 1


A self-destructive man feels completely alienated, utterly alone.
He's an outsider to the human community.
He thinks to himself, I must be insane.
What he fails to realize is that society has, just as he does,
a vested interest in considerable losses and catastrophes.
These wars, famines, floods, and quakes meet well-defined needs.
A man wants chaos.
In fact, he's got to have it.
Depression, strife, riots, murder, all this dread.
We're irresistibly drawn to that almost orgiastic state created out of death and destruction.
It's in all of us. We revel in it.
Sure, the media tries to put a sad face on these things,
painting them up as great human tragedies.
But we all know the function of the media has never been to eliminate the evils of the world.
No.
Their job is to persuade us to accept those evils and get used to living with them.
The powers that be want us to be passive observers.
You got a match?
And they haven't given us any other options
outside the occasional, purely symbolic, participatory act of voting.
You want the puppet on the right?
Or the puppet on the left?
I feel that the time has come to project my own inadequacies and dissatisfactions
into the socio-political and scientific schemes.
Let my own lack of a voice be heard.
I don't think I can be a puppet.
It wasn't really worth it.
The instant of my purity worth the lifetime of your lies.
Please explain to me, where's the purity?
You couldn't live without it.
You see, there is only one constant.
One universal. It is the only real truth.
Causality.
Action.
Reaction.
Cause.
And effect.
Everything begins with choice.
No. Wrong.
Choice is an illusion.
Created between those with power and those without.
Look there.
At that woman.
My God, just look at her.
Affecting everyone around her.
So obvious.
So bourgeois.
What you see, I have sent you a dessert.
A very special dessert.
I wrote it myself.
It starts so simply.
Each line of the poem creating a new effect.
Just like...
poetry.
First, a rush.
Heat.
A heart flutter.
She does not understand why.
Is it the why? No.
What is it then? What is the reason?
Soon it does not matter.
Soon the why and the reason are gone.
And all that matters is the feeling of itself.
And this is the nature of the universe.
We struggle against it. We fight to deny it.
But it is of course pretend it is a lie.
Beneath our poised appearance.
The truth is we are complete.
Out of control.
We are not afraid to curious for it.
But do not be afraid.
BETWEEN THOSE WHO DO NOT BELIEVE.
With the little things that we are.




All'ho, sounds of nature.
Harmonic static
At the end of this world.
Luckh persists.
Thank you.
Thank you.
A thousand prayers.
Don't cry, sweetheart.
I don't think I'm any crazier than you are.
That's your shadow on the wall.
Can't get rid of your shadow, can you?
Any regrets?
I don't spend a lot of time with regret.
That's a waste of emotion.
Well, I wish that Indian hadn't got killed.
Man had a rattlesnake sitting in a corner.
Rattlesnake?
You pick it up and pet it.
He saw it.
He saw what?
The demon. He saw the demon.
The demon?
What demon?
Everybody got the demon in here, okay?
The demon lives in here.
It feeds on your hate.
Cuts, kills, rapes.
It uses your weakness, your fear.
Only the vicious survive.
We all told we're no good piece of shit from the time we could breathe.
God damn it.
After a while you kind of become bad.
You're in your own world.
So tell me, how can you look at an ordinary person,
an innocent guy with kids,
and then shoot him to death?
I mean, how can you bring yourself to do that?
Innocent?
Who's innocent? You innocent?
I'm innocent? Yes I am.
Nothing better?
Definitely.
All God's creatures do it, in some form or another.
I mean, you look in the forest.
You got species killing other species.
Our species killing all species, including the forest.
We just call it industry, not murder.
But I know a lot of people who deserve to die.
Why do they deserve to die?
A lot of people walking around out there already dead.
Just need to be put out of their misery.
Causality.
There is no escape from it.
We are forever slaves to it.
Our only hope, our only peace is to understand it.
To understand the why.
Why is what separates us from them.
You from me.
Why is the only real source of power without it you are powerless.
You know the only thing that kills a demon?
Love.
It's just like...
Being in the garden of Eden.
I only love to kill a demon.
All that for.
Theo's heart had died a rattle on the world.
Do you think he'll live up to his name?
Or will it just be a death hairball?
Ah!
Prepare to evacuate soul.
Parting is such sweet sorrow.
Have we not heard the chimes at midnight?
Goodbye cruel world.
I'm leaving you today.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.

Goodbye all you people.
There's nothing you can say, to make me change my mind.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.






Painful living fear, isn't it?
Nothing is worse than having an itch you can never scratch.
Oh, I agree.
Wake up.
Time to die.
Die!
Die!
Why won't you die?
Why won't you die?
Why won't you die?
Beneath this mask, there is more than flesh.
Beneath this mask, there is an idea.
And ideas are bulletproof.
I shall die here.
Every inch of me shall perish.
I shall die here.


Every inch.
But one.
An inch.
It is small, and it is fragile.
And it is the only thing in the world worth having.
We must never lose it or give it away.
We must never let them take it from us.
I hope that whoever you are, you escape this place.
I hope that the world turns and that things get better.
But what I hope most of all is that you...
understand what I mean when I tell you that even though I do not know you,
and even though I may never meet you,
laugh with you,
cry with you,
or kiss you,
I love you.
With all my heart,
I love you.
I love you.
Wait a minute, you fucking hypocrite!
You're so...
You said that love beats the demon!
You said that love beats the demon!
And it will.
It's just that you're the last one.
Oh, man, please fucking kill me.
This is not about you, you egomaniac.
I kinda like you.
Nooo!
But if we let you go, we'd be just like everybody else,
killing you.
And what you represent is...
a statement.
You and me, we're not even the same species.
I used to be you, then I evolved.
From where you're standing, to me, you're the villain.









You're a man from where I'm standing.
You're an ape.
You're not even an ape, you're a media person.
Media is like the weather, only it's man-made.
You're the one who made it impure.
You're buying and selling the fears.
You say, why?
I say, why bother?
Have some dignity.
All right, so I'm a parasite, so what?
Right, life is cruel, no one said it was gonna be easy.
The day you two killed your ass belonged to us!
To the public, to the media!
That's how it is, and we are married, eh?
Let's make a little music, Colorado.
In other news tonight, a bride and groom's wedding reception
turned into a nightmare.
In chapter six, he begins to get into the actual message.
Revelation 6.
Now, I saw in the lamp opening...
He's over there in the phoenix.
That's all I thought of.
Chapter five, now only the Lamb of Christ is worthy to unseat a lamb.
He fought me, he slapped me down, he...
And one of the four living creatures said,
come and suit us.
And I looked, and he pulled a white horse.
And he believed all kinds of ideas into the white horse.
And the white horse said, what does this white horse mean?
And he was set on it at a foe, and a crown was given him,
and he went forth conquering and to conquer.
A white horse.
Now let the Bible interpret the Bible.
Give me a nightmare, broken night, I'm never broke.
My secret lamp is lonely here, there's no one left to torture.
Give me absolute control over every living soul.
And lie beside me, baby, that's an order.
Give me a crack, anal sex, take the only tree that's left.
And stomp it up the hole in your culture.
Give me a bank, a burning wall.
Give me a star, then say,
Paul, I've seen your future, brother.
It is my door.
Things are gonna slide.
Slide in all directions.
Won't pay nothing.
Won't be nothing.
Won't be nothing.
You can't measure anymore.
The blizzard.
The blizzard of the world's crossed the threshold.
And it's overturned the order of the soul.
When they say, repent, repent, repent.
I wonder what they meant.
When they say, repent, repent, repent.
I wonder what they meant.
I wonder what they meant.
When they say, repent, repent, repent, repent.
I wonder what they meant.
When they say, comment, write, repent



You can travel the world in the let ups minus

I'm
You just need help and a primer.

uve
Who wrote the Bible
I've seen the nations
Rouse and fall
I've heard their stories
Heard them all
But love's the only
Engine of survival
Your servant here
He has been told
To say it clear
To say it cool
It's over
It ain't going any further
And now the wheels
Of heaven stop
You feel the devil's
Riding crop
Get ready for the future
It is murder
And the tales are gonna slide
In all direction
Won't be nothing
Nothing you can measure anymore
Love is a miracle
The truth is
It's over


The world has crossed
The threshold
And it's overturned
The order of the soul
When they say
Repent
Repent
I wonder what they meant
When they say
Repent
Repent
I wonder what they meant

what they meant
when they said
repent
repent
I wonder
what they meant
There'll be the breaking
of the ancient western
code
Your private
life will suddenly
explode
There'll be
phantoms
There'll be fires on the road
And a white
man dancing
You'll see
a woman
hanging upside
down
Her features
covered by her
fallen gown
And all
the lousy little
poets
come
around
trying to
sound like
Charlie Manson
Here the white
man dancing
Give me
that burning
wall
Give me
stone
and St. Paul
Give me
Christ
or give me
Hiroshima
Give me
that burning
wall
Destroy another
fetus now
We don't like
children
anyhow
I've seen
the future
baby
It is
murder
Things are gonna
slide
in all
direction
Won't be
nothing
Nothing you can't
measure anymore
The prison
The war

The blizzard of the world
has crossed the threshold
And it's overturned
The order of the soul
When they say
Repent
Repent
Repent
Repent
I wonder what they meant
When they say
They say
Repent
Repent
Repent
Repent
I wonder what they meant
I wonder what they meant
When they say
They say
Repent
Repent
Repent
Repent

I wonder what they mean
When they say
They say
Repent
Repent
Repent
Repent
Repent
Wait!
Wait!
Time!
Cut!
That's a fucking joke right?
Grundum!

Ah, man, that's old. Oh, it's old stuff there.
Yeah, it's old, but it's older than that.
Old show.
Old, old show.
So the flutes...
Torn out by insensitive...
That's all they had before.
They ruined everything.
Insensitive weathermen?
Workmen.
Weathermen do also hate everything too, though.
Don't just blame it on the workmen.
The workers are actually...
We like the workers.
Of course we do.
We hate the rich.
And we love the...
We love the poor.
And we eat the rich.
That's what Motorhead taught me.
Eat the rich.
Delicious.
Well, they're fattened on grain-fed beef.
Is that why they wanted to get along with the whole Occupy thing, right?
Could be.
They should be eating them.
Instead of occupying them.
Great.
I think everybody should...
I think more of the mess left behind that way.
If we just...
I know a way we could cure the homeless problem.
I know how to do that.
I have a cure for it.
Nobody wants to take me seriously, so I'm not even going to say it.
And I certainly won't say it here on the radio, where somebody will steal my idea and make a zillion dollars on it.
And I won't get any.
So I'm not going to...
I'm not going to even do that.
I won't even do it.
Oh, it don't matter if you back up or not.
It don't matter if you give up or you give out or give in.
Whatever you do, man, it's just a cosmic flow, man.
I'll get back.
I want to get back for a change.
I want to get back.
Marconi is ready, you know.
Get the wires tapping.
The wires are tapping.
Yeah, yeah.
Marconi is up and around having a cup of tea.
Just push it to the limit, you know.
The point of melting, you know.
You could melt.
You could melt and fade away.
Or you could listen to the Puzzling Evidence Show.
In seven minutes, we do that.
In a few years, all of you do that.
Just melt and fade away.
In seven minutes, I think we're going to have...
More like about three minutes.
That was the Puzzling Evidence Show from KPFA.
Berklee with Philo, Hal, and Puzz.
Before that, the last third of the massive collage Ship of State by Reverend Exister,
featuring countless artists, and a final song by Leonard Cohen.
A sermon by Reverend Suds, who has many truly great videos on YouTube
at channel RevSudsPshaw.
That's one giant lowercase word.
RevSudsPSHAW.
Or look at channel RevStang under Favorites.
Thanks to Radio Synesthesia on WCSB,
Reverend Pendulet for the masterpiece.
For more information on everything,
you can see subgenius.com and click the radio button.
And now we end with...
this touching holiday song by Pantiera, age six,
called Bob Dobbs, the Salesman.
Bob Dobbs, the Salesman, was a jolly happy soul
With a wooden pipe and perfect hair
And a heart as black as coal
Bob Dobbs, the Salesman, is a fairy tale, they say
He is made of goo, but not of gold
So Gene, I knew how he came to life one day
There must have been some magic in that old fob pipe they found
For when they placed it in his mouth, he began to screw around
Bob Dobbs, the Salesman, was alive as he could be
But he'd soon be dead, cause the Reverend said
We must kill all bobs we see
Now with the
130 million dollars ricotta Molly knows
press put about pounds at a time
fast
Bad Tabs the salesman knew the exes came that day
So he said let's run and we'll have some fun now before we're blown away
Down to Malaysia with the Stark fist in his hand
Running here and there crapping everywhere screaming catch me if you can
He led them down to Old Dobbs town right to a traffic cop
Bob doused him with some pepper spray until he hollered stop
Bob Dobbs the salesman had to hurry on his way
But he waved goodbye saying don't you cry I will be back on next day
Thanks for watching!
