The Hour of Slack!
The Hour of Slack!
The Hour of Slack!
The Hour of Slack!
The Hour of Slack!
The Hour of Slack!
The Hour of Slack!
The Hour of Slack!
The Hour of Slack!
The Hour of Slack!
The Hour of Slack!
The Hour of Slack!
Nuclear means a device which you can wear in your shoe and light with a lighter like a Zippo or something.
But nuclear is a whole array of like, you know, Moabs and Scrohabs and Ahabs and so forth.
Those evil tribes.
No, the Moab is...
Over 93,000 miles.
No, the Moab is the monstrous, oversexed, anal bristometer.
The Moadib.
No, the Moab means massive aerial ordnance or massive ordnance aerial bombardment,
meaning to blow up the whole country of Iraq with a shockwave,
one of America's brand new weapons of destruction.
I was wondering about...
Guaranteed for liberty.
The brand new ones, you know, because there's supposed to be some fancy new noisemakers and big earth rattlers.
Step back from the Centurion.
You will all die under the power of the fist of the fossil.
Say hi, baby.
Now, the problem...
The propaganda that goes back and forth is marvelous because I was reading just a little while ago
that the evil Saddam Husseins had ordered a whole bunch of fake American and British army uniforms
so he could dress up the Fayadin in these uniforms who would then go out and commit atrocities
on their fellow Iraqis as a propaganda routine, you know, to make it look like how evil and terrible the demonic British are.
You know, how they are.
I heard they really were demonic.
Have you ever heard of Mad Bomber Harris?
He started the whole idea of blowing the living hell out of Iraq in the 1920s.
When they were close to independence, he thought, why not use the new bombers,
you know, the brand new bombers in the air we've got,
and just keep dropping them on those peasant villages,
you know, kind of toughen them up and soften them at the same time a little bit.
During these last few months, I've been trained by Al-Qaeda,
and I'm weak and materialistic.
I told our country and I told the world,
if it feels good, do it.
I hope you'll enjoy me in expressing fear and selfishness.
We will embrace tyranny and death as a cause and a creed.
We can be summed up in one word, evil.
I am committed to defeating not only the good work of charities,
but the values that will bring lasting peace.
And we have a great opportunity during this time of war
to lead the world in a way that will bring lasting peace.
We will all work together to bring a world towards suicide and murder.
Let's roll.
Kill, kill, kill for peace.
Kill, kill, kill for peace.
You know, he actually used the phrase,
now I may be wrong, but he actually used the phrase,
now I may be wrong, but he actually used the phrase,


kill for peace.
I could swear I heard the emperor say,
the goal of this war is peace.
He may have said some other things,
but at one point he actually said the phrase,
war is peace.
Friends, it's 1984.
1984 is 19 years late.
That means X-Day will be the year 2017.
Praise God!
Praise God!
19 years.
It was written in a vast, deep, deep color,
in a sleep.
Stuck to the ground
needs one of the baby incubators in Kuwait City,
waiting to awake.
And yet you cannot.
Until 1984.
When your dreams come true.
When your brother is bigger than anything.
And I want you all to see that.
He wears a toothless jaw.
It's 1984.
1984.
Just keep on picking up pieces of corn,
which have fallen out of that mouth there,
and we might stay alive one more day in America.
1984.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves, Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.


Have any favorite Bob songs?
God.
They're going to cut off a lot of vital tissue.
Right, right.
But...
So you think they're playing this song in Baghdad right now?
Or on the way to Baghdad?
I think on the way to Baghdad,
there's a lot of guys shitting in their foxholes,
dreaming about their foxholes and crying in their boots.
Where's my-
Dreaming about those boot jobs
They're going to get when they get back home.
Yep.
Get their boots enlarged.
Shaved medulla oblongatus.
They're going to look like all the rest of the kids, only nobody knows they're going to be different.
Way different.
Changed.
A different kind of tattoo.
Well, they get the free smallpox inoculations and the free tracking devices.
Well, that tattoos your inner.
It's pretty good, but that's not the whole of it.
That's only part.
Yeah, they get the holes, too.
Yeah, well, that's only part of it, too.
And then to the tattoo.
Yes, it makes them lift their leg when the bus comes up to the bus stop.
If they're well trained.
Well, some of them have to wear the collars, the special, well, let's just call them.
I know I do.
Digital angels, you know what I mean?
If I didn't have this collar on, Dave, I'd be wetting myself.
Well, we can thank the digital angel for setting you straight.
That's right.
If it weren't for this modern age, I'd just be a vegetable.
Where do they put your chip?
Where do they put your chip?
All over me.
I mean, there's tons of them.
I've got a chip for every organ that still works.
Did Papa Joe ever get that collar removed from his?
Nah.
His was embedded into his vertebrae.
Did we ever get those collars removed from this show?
Those barnacles?
Those grafted on ticks?
If people remember the early days, we asked each and every one of you
if you'd like to become a closer member of the show's team out there.
If you feel you are not properly sedated, please call 555-3129.
Failure to do so may result in criminal prosecution for drug evasion.
Welcome back to our program.
Please continue.
I believe most Pacific Islander parents like using products like hairspray or glue as an inhalant to get high.
I'm here to let other Pacific Islander parents know
that we need to care about you.
If you need drugs or ideas on how to keep your drugs, please call Bob.
Welcome back to our program.
That was a lemur cut.
Tonight's collages are almost but not all by Mr. F. Lemur.
The second of the two Bush cut-ups heard earlier was by someone named Edo at fuckitall.com.
The Star Spangled Banner was by Mark Mothersbaugh for your dating experience.
The show was actually assembled on March 9th, 2003, the year of duct tape and plastic sheeting.
Isn't duct tape and plastic sheeting just another version of duck and cover?
Duck and cover.
What did duck and cover tell you?
Duck and cover told you that if you just ducked when the bomb went off.
And put a newspaper over your butt.
Yeah, if you just ducked.
Just duck.
Duck.
And duck.
And duck.
And then you're a nuclear bomb.
Duck.
Then everything will be okay.
You will win.
Well, they were talking about amphibian birds at the time.
When they asked you to duck and cover, they wanted you to run out to the nearest palm
and grab a little turkey boy or a little quacky and stick him under your shirt and carry him home.
And when they ask you now, that's what the duct tape is all about.
These are all reasons to duck and take subconscious.
They're playing with your mind.
Duck and Cover.
Duck and Take.
That is being used in this war.
Air-raid sirens warn us of the approach of enemy planes, but in addition if gas is dropped
by the enemy, a special gas alarm will be sounded.
It will be a hand rattle, or a hammering sound like the beating of a dish pan.
More gas is dropped from planes either as a spray or in gas bombs.
But should enemy raiders use gas against your community, there is no reason for fear or panic.
Because if you know what to do, you can protect yourself and safeguard your family against the menace of gas from the air.
Of course, that's Arcana. You know what Arcana is?
Do you know what wisdom is?
Do you know the meaning of the eye in the soft?
Of the eye within the eye within the eye within the eye?
Are your balls ready to rumble?
Are they ready to roll?
Do you know the meaning of love?
Pour me another mug of that there eye in the soft, would you, there barkeep?
You had enough, buddy boy. I'm going to catch you off.
If you're babbling to everybody in the damn barn, everyone's tired of listening to your wisdom.
It's not for him, it's for me.
I had a gold Akashic record, damn it.
My bad.
Back in the day, everybody was doing my song.
Yeah, you got a gold. We got your astral card right here, buddy.
And it says that you haven't passed your limit, and you've been around more times than anybody else in this bar.
So could you please shut up?
Shut the fuck up, man.
Stop drinking that wisdom shit.
Don't be sucking on the wisdom eyeball.
Too much is always better than not enough.
Okay.
I'm a regular.
But it's almost as bad.
I'm a regular.
Oh, you're quite a regular now, dear lad.
Just let me check further here.
What is the elliptical meaning of that?
There's only one eyeball.
I'm going to chase you with an elliptical eyeball and then fork all around and round and round and round.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's right.
Well, there's no train of thought we're sketching.
This time we're taking the express.
We're guilty of not doing enough about the war.
That just keeps coming.
I keep feeling so bad about not doing enough.
Well, you could suck the cycloptic wisdom teeth, and then you would understand what to do as Laguerre pronounces itself.
Which magazine should I subscribe to that would be the right thing to do?
Martial arts, survival, mercenary, merc, magazines like that that teach you use of small arms and large feet.
That's going to be, we're going to have to pull off some pretty big feet to live through this, I think.
I mean, size 12.
I was just going to learn to give really good oral sex to great big tough guys.
That was how I was going to live through the end of civilization.
As a sniveling pansy awaiting for the trains of military to come through town and to wait for one of those.
I want them to say, that's the best barrel.
That barrel over there, that's the best one.
You better hope no fish jump out of it.
The prisoner in that barrel.
The prisoner in that barrel.

I don't know who she is, but she's good.
You know it's not a woman, man.
Shut up.
Those are orgasmic.
That's how you get through the end times.
The chocolate.
Unless you have the biggest gun.
You take your duct tape, you take a big Hershey bar, because that's the survival candy bar.
You want to be able to take small, small pieces of it.
You duct tape this candy bar right up into your crotch there.
Take a lot of duct tape and just strap it right in there.
Is that the way you relate?
Is that what you're really supposed to do?
You're supposed to strap duct tape into your crotch?
I mean, um...
No, the food.
Hershey bar?
Hershey bar.
Your trading materials.
Oh, the loin packs.
Those are actual things that are trademarked.
Yeah, because that's what you're going to use to trade with the natives or the surviving
wretches in whatever country far away from America that you flee to.
My dehydrated loin pack is leaking and I've noticed sores beginning to well around my knees.
Oh, here's another good news.
The reason you have to flee America is because you're not going to be able to get out of America.
So you're going to get off the ship of the American people.
Because the Americans are taking over.
Yeah.
Yes.
I'm the political president man.
Stupid America.
That's the fact.
You better bring back the, uh, the uh, pillory and stocks and stuff and, uh..
Today, a U.S. nuclear fishing boat torn apart.
A one man's search for truth almost cost him his eight.
Well welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to this edition of Up the French.
Gruen, France.
It's not going to be pleasant. I hate the French. They'll always be ridiculous.
Yeah, the French are Nazis, as a matter of fact. Lee?
Pat, a concern of several European terrorists. Pat?
Lee, it's shocking. The French Nazis build terrorism. They are an instrument, an agent of terror. Lee?
That's right, Pat. Israel is carefully assessing CBN News Middle East correspondent Chris Choll. Right, Pat?
Well, it could be bloody blood all over the place, and just that simple. Lee?
Want good cranberries and cancer and heart disease. That's too bad, Pat, because I was thinking about having a big old piece of bloodstream pie with disease on top.
How about the phrase, axis of Putin's soul? It's in Texas. No, not really. Oh.
In Bosnia, they built a Mall of America in Bosnia now.
Well, they're working on Disneyland East, was what they said.
Far East. Disneyland Far East. That's what this is all about. Disneyland East.
China. Have you heard the new chain, Baghdadi? The pants and the soup at the same time? That is a disgusting prescription for anyone without brain cells. Baghdadi.
So, the bookies taking bets on when this thing is going to start, exactly when they're going to, like, boom, you know, go, let the gates down and, you know.
They're laying the odds down.
When the first thing comes out, they're going to be like, oh, it's going to be a disaster. Yeah.
And the shot will be fired. And it won't be shot. Sit down. From a shotgun.
We'll have nowhere to run.
And here comes Big Bad George.
Now, that was a true honor. That's what I'm saying.
And the military industrial complex.
Speaking of strange showbiz, after the king of the universe spoke tonight, suddenly they cut over to saying, it looks like we're in hot pursuit of Osama bin Laden.
He's been spotted in the border.
I've got to stand in Pakistan.
And they're closing in.
I know.
And the smoke is blowing up behind us.
They're going to do it just like cops, you know.
They're going to have the music in the background and stuff.
And he's going to be running through, like, with a dachshund, I think, chasing and biting his ass.
And then when he gets up on the top of one of those, you know, old industrial warehouse buildings and they pull him down, screaming and swearing in Arabic.
This is earlier today down in public square.
What's this for?
What's this for?
What's this for?


What's that spell?
What's that spell?
What's that spell?
What's that spell?
That's the joke, right?
Just what's that spell?
Well, come on, all of you big strong men.
Uncle Sam needs your help again.
Got himself in a terrible jam.
Way down yonder in Baghdad.
Put down your parts and pick up a gun.
We're going to have a whole lot of fun.
And it's one, two, three, what are we fighting for?
Don't ask me.
I don't give a damn.
My next stop is Baghdad.
My dad.
My dad.











My dad.
It's five, six, seven, open up the pearly gates.
Because I just inhaled some anthrax.
Welcome back.
Now come on, Wall Street, don't be sad.
Stang, you have such a perplexed look on your face as if you'd actually inhaled anthrax
yourself.
Actually, I was thinking about some of my buddy's kids who were on their way over there.
I sometimes think about the soldiers.
Usually you're preoccupied with buds and squids and now you're thinking about the soldiers.


I'm thinking about your buddy's kids.
How open hearted are you?
Five, six, seven, open up the pearly gates.
You're not singing along.
I don't think you want to stop this war.
So, you.
Do you really take yourself seriously?
I have big teeth and big glasses and- We think you're stupid.
You must forgive me.
You show your stupidity by assuming that we're like you.
You're a fool.
You're a fool.






The F-A-R-C has revealed a game.
You've got three or four D-I-A-A-C-I-E-L criminals at your back and corner.
He almost passed out.
It's time to play Name That War.
You're five miles south of Bogota City.
You're in the rainforest.
What do the initials F-A-R-C stand for?
These protests.
I think that's another reason they're having the war now.
so that the protesters can't protest because it's all zero degrees.
There'd be a lot more people out there.
Well, that's what the weather control people say.
It's ruining that.
Rubber bands and aluminum sulfide do a dandy treat make.
Suspended from arrogant and left to wait.
Children who flop and children who flip will freeze in the rain like a big old drip.
Wow.
It's about weather control.
It's about the Lusitania, too, but you've got to be a real conspiracy buff.
Cowboy poetry is so romantic.
I was going to play my mouth for you, but I've been shamed.
It gets my heart all fluttered.
Yes, you have been shamed.
By the grace of the Lord.
And Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
This song is depressing, James.
They stopped Bob from dealing.
Stop thinking about all them body bags, man.
Bob was almost done.
That's all I can think of is body bag after bag.
Coming out in Arlington.
Yeah.
Back of those old planes.
Everybody's real gung-ho right now.
Everybody's real like, yeah, this is going to be like the Super Bowl coming up.
Oh, yeah.
Wait till Zayn drop one of them chemical bombs.
On TV.
The right-wing jocks are going so crazy.
Wait till our boys are coming home with their skin peeled off their faces.
Yeah, and it's communicable, too, up to six generations.
We'll see how gung-ho they all are.
I think it's a pretty small everybody that's really excited.
They wish they would have gone.
Oh, I'm sorry.
What?
What?

I think it's a pretty small everybody that's all excited.
I do, too.
I think it's more bunch of people going, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
A good friend of mine was telling me about, but a good friend of mine, he's a blue-collar
kind of guy, works blue-collar work, and telling me how all those guys, they all listen to
Rush Limbaugh, and they're all so, you know.
Oh, those guys are crazy.
They're gung-ho about everything, about it.
I was just going to tell you guys something.
I heard on the mic on the Savage show.
That guy is so nuts.
He claimed that a demonstrator waded through a police line and a line of horses, grabbed
a horsey by its bridle, punched it, and knocked it down on the ground.
A demonstrator did that?
Like blazing.
We need those guys in back here.
Let's get back to promoting the war.

It's reality.
Face the flag, you son of a bitch.
Take a good long look.
What you're seeing now can't be found.
It's the present.
The future, son.
It's being written now.
You're the one to write it.
The flag can show you how.
You know what it stands for?
What its makers meant?
Think?
Speak?
Privilege of dissent?
To think our leaders might be wrong to stand and tell them so.
I've got to touch a hangover, bureaucrat.
Don't push me.
These are the things that other men under other flags...
will never know.
But responsibility.
That's the cost that free men must bear.
You know, if we had any moral character, we wouldn't be standing here covered with mud drinking.
If you don't accept that...
Somebody oughta felt you in the mouth.
Face the flag of stars and bars
Of red and white and blue
Of flag flags and stars and bars
That guarantees the rise
For men like me and you
Face the flag, son, and face reality.
My mind is a globe with whirling transient nodes of thought
careening through a cosmic vapor of invention.
Our strength and our freedoms are based in unity.
The flag is but a symbol, son.
The world's greatest nation.
As long as it keeps flying, there's cause for celebration.
So do what you gotta do, but always keep in mind...
God has a heart on for Marines.
Because we kill everything we see.
Face the flag, son, and thank God it's still there.
This is a break from the G.I. show for you all.
A cutup by Artemia G.I. and G.I.
Other splicings and slicings in here by Fernando and Andy Lemur.
Lots of ESO Swamp Radio tonight from WCSB Cleveland.
WCSB.org if you want to hear it streaming live on Thursday nights.
And that features Princess Wee Chae Smith, yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang
and Lonesome Cowboy Dave in Extreme Union with himself.
Extreme Union with himself?
A form of Tourette's Syndrome that affects people only when they call radio.
Rosenheit Syndrome, eh?
I found a note on my desk that said,
A witch with Tourette's.
A witch with Tourette's?
Yeah, and I can't figure out what the heck that note was supposed to refer to.
I want to see him go to war.
Was that a warning to myself?
I want to see him go to war just so that there's a lot of dead people all over the place.
You mean the awards in Baghdad?
Yeah.
Hosted by Jewel, Tommy Franks.
Yeah, he's going to be the new Sheik of Arabi.
Sheik Franks.
Can you see him with a caftan on his forehead?
A caftan?
That's a pair of underpants.
Slice his throat.
Spice his head.
Get the barbecue ready.
General Tommy, your meat is my meat, Frankfurter himself.
He views the world as his hot dog.
Ready to be barbecued and served with a choice toxic mustard.
I want to be the mustard.
You are the mustard.
You're the glint in Tommy Franks' eye.
While friends and lovers mourn your silly grave.
Look, it's the barrel of a tank.
This is for you, Tommy.
I got news for you, Tommy.
Here's a tactical nuke.
Up your ass.
Jesus.
Get back, Baghdaddy.
Whatever happened to the Arabian Nights?
Don't those guys have, like, genies and flying carpets and stuff?
Yeah.
And what about the...
Can't they, like, rub this lamp and have hordes of scimitar-wielding, balloon-pantalooned...
Turban.
Yeah, Alibaba, 40 Feet's type guys.
What open sesame guys.
Right, open sesame guys.
People that make it happen.
Businessmen in boxer shorts.
Turbaned young fez drivers in Pocono Oriental cabs.
Small, medium, and large-sized shakes.
All your bones included.
You're trying to kill my daddy.
I killed him.
Everybody's daddy, man.
They killed Daddy Junior.
Well, things aren't going to get better.
I did kill my daddy.
We did it all.
We did it all.
We did whatever we could.
Whenever we get our hands on back in the 70s, we did fucking handfuls of mushrooms, pills,
the roots, coke, whatever it was.
We just fucking swallowed it, okay?
That's what we did.
Dennis Bleary.
He's Crispin Bleary.
He smoked too many hockey sticks.
I think he owes George Carlin an explanation.
Really, he does.
I thought he was George Carlin until I heard him expectorate out the...
Out the back.
Out the back door.
Out the back.
Back, back, back, back, back.
What would Jesus do now?
War.
War.
War.
War.
War.
Healing.
Demons.
Racism.
Sexism.
Anti-Semitism.
Arab-bashing.
Anti-Islamism.
Gay-bashing.
War.
Britain.
Britain.
War.
War.
War.
War.
Jesus.
Jesus.
As part of an adverb...
Yeah, you said on the X-rated hour of Slack just last week,
the one that's not played on radio stations,
but only on the intranet.
And the inter-net.
I can't see.
That means...
Oh.
Every time you guys cuss, that ends up on a secret show.
There's a song going out for George.
The magus are breeding.
The king of the universe.
King of the universe.
King.
Ray.
Ray del universo.
Ray del cosmos.
The emperor.
The rei de tout.
The ancien.
Pray for him to go up there on that.
A rei de moi.
Hear me.
The sound of my voice.
We must get that.
Say, Dom.
And I've made my choice.
When y'all voted me sheriff,
I said I was gonna rid this town of these barbages.
I'm gonna do it anyway.
I will conquer the Assyrians with my funny fake goatee and feral hat.
You may think that I'm a man.
You may think that I'm a man.
I'm a fool.
The legend.
But you are a fool.
If you believe we can crawl out of this mire.
Who gets the harems?
The harems?
Yeah, the harems.
I've heard a lot about harems in those palaces in Baghdad.
No, I just thought that was an esophageal grunt.
Oh, man.
You know, the sultans would get harems.
And there must be harems.
They don't have sultans anymore in Iraq.
Well, there's always...
Yeah, right.
Just like they don't have kings here, right?
Right.
It's an undemocratic people's republic.
Yeah, I suppose they do.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sultans.
Yeah.
Sultans of Swig.
Sultans of the ornament.
Chairman Mao had a harem.
Pharaohs.
Jack Kennedy had a harem.
And you, sir.
Where do they keep the pharaohs?
Or no Jack Kennedy.
I know Mao Zedong, my friend.
Where do they keep the pharaohs?
I know Mao Zedong.
Actually, that's a pretty old turf there.
That's, you know, the Tigris and Euphrates.
Oh, yeah, that's the oldest.
The birthplace of civilization.
Mesopotamia.
Yeah.
They're afraid of the...
The Fertile Crescent.
Yeah.
Speaking of Fertile Crescent, that's...
The amount of archaeological cool stuff that's going to get buried a little deeper is just
horrifying.
Well, that's the hex theory.
But that's up to Saddam.
That's up to Saddam Hussein.
It's his choice.
This land is cursed by a Sumerian god, and you must get rid of it and destroy it.
No?
Something like that?
Only it was just going to get buried.
But you...
But you know it's going to get smashed to smithereens.
Just like that little ibex.
Which was the ancient civilization in which the ladies did not wear shirts?
Oh, Manoa.
Yeah, right.
The Manoans.
Yes, my favorite civilization.
They had the cool labyrinths and the bull-headed monster guys.
And they would ride bulls and all the men would applaud.
And they'd quit, yeah, and they'd make fun of the Cretans.
Just like we do.
And we're on to North Korea.
Church of the Sub-Cretans.
That's what we should tell everybody over there in the war zones tonight.
God's Midans!
That's what the Führer used to say.
Dons.
And we're saying it again.
God's Midans!
God's Midans!
What does that mean, Dave?
What does that mean, Dave?
It means God is with us.
They used to put them on the Nazi daggers.
I'm putting them on the Midans.
God is with us.
Oh, yeah, sure.
Yeah.
They believed it in those days, and they believe it now.
In the bowling alleys and parking lots around America.
In stubby Sam City.
In Carl's Magic Theater.
Every place you might go and have your hair tortured or maybe have your feet upturned.
They believe it now.
They believe the Schmitt.
The Schmittagogical creature called war takes care of everything.
A-sha-loo-l-ha-la-la-la-bab.
La-la.
A-sha-loo-l-la-la-la-bab.
Bob Akbar?
Bob Akbar!
He is great!
Greater than my shoe size and twice as small as my cranium.
Bob Akbar!
Bob Akbar!
Bob Akbar!
Bob Akbar!
Bob Akbar.
Bob Akbar!


To begin with, it may be surprising to know that radiation is invisible rays
that we call radiation.
They are about the size of table salt or fine sand.
We don't worry about radiation.
Radiation would not affect this much for instance because any material will keep the penetrating
rays from hurting us.
Within an hour, after a massive enemy attack, fallout in the vicinity of Virginia will








of any nuclear groundburst will be destroyed beyond repair.
Suppose a nuclear explosion takes place at 12 noon.
By 1 o'clock, all the fallout is down.
If fallout settles on your food,
the food itself isn't harmed or made radioactive.
Fallout swallowed accidentally with food or in drinking water
would do you no harm,
so we would not have to take precautions
using everyday methods of food preparation.
And hungry people should not be denied animals
because of possible contamination.
If we remember these facts,
if we act intelligent,
we can increase our chances of nuclear attack.
Many people have difficulty understanding
how blood and tissues are pulled up into the mushroom cloud.
That's why the federal government has a nationwide program.
The goal is a raging nuclear furnace
that shoots out showers of fallout.
And it's a great opportunity
for every man, woman, and child.
This goal can be reached.
For with radiation,
we can face the facts about the nuclear age.
Come on, you.
Papa Lord.
I haven't seen the film yet.
I'm going to be watching for DJ A
because he's not going to be able to get in tonight either.
There are new security measures here
because of the terrorist activity going on.
The homeland is locked down.
Yeah, and there was a Patriot Act stamp to the door
for your reading edifice.
Dave, have you looked in a mirror?
There's one stamp on your forehead.
Lick the postage stamp, man.
So I can look through my...
Yeah, so you don't forget for one second
what the rules are, buddy.
One second.
You can't...
Forget the rules.
Are you going to be a team player?
I'm watching the phone.
I see no DJ.
Are you with us?
Are you against us?
Private?
Are your privates private or are they mine?
I belong to you, sir.
Your privates are my privates
and your privates are my privates.
Keep your privates private, okay?
Next week, America enters the torture zone
on Torturing the Enemy Part 3
with a celebrity I want to get the fuck out of here.
Next week, it might be a very...
Hey.

Situation.
Starring downtown Julie Brown.
Kaz Kalimba.
Color-coded.
Johnny Stetter and John Black.
People are our mouths to keep us from broadcasting.
Tommy Franksberger.
The broadcast industry of America.
The shelf-towed people who live in your face.
I just don't know what to do.
I thought I'd come and ask you.
Military action to destroy them
with weapons,
with weapons of mass destruction.
Well, um...
This nation has weapons of mass destruction.
Yeah.
He is acting the insidiously to actors.
Well, thanks anyway for talking to me.
Well...
Why am I in London?
Because, because faith, faith, faith, power.
Faith, Moses, Joshua, marching.
Faith, Jesus, marching.
Faith, marching, God.
Dark, light, racism.
Sexism, militarism.
New World Order.
Heal, hope, healing.
Hope, healing.
Hope, healing.
Peace, hope, healing.
Hope, healing.
Hope, healing.
Peace, peace.
Hope, hope, hope, hope, hope.
I love you.
Children, children, children.
Hope, love, love.
Faces, places.
Hope, hope, hope, love you.
It was another normal night
And I got done fighting with my wife
So I went down to the bar
And just made all take and roll
Since I was a little kid
They've been the two best friends
That a man could ever hope for in this world
Now I'm a normal guy
And I work all day for my money
And I fear the good Lord like I know I should
I ain't no new age coot
But I gotta get this off my chest
And put this tragedy behind me now for good
I remember getting drunk
And I remember falling down
And someone laid me on a pool table
And I'd have been consumed
Then through the blinding lights
Two creatures stared into my eyes
As at the jukebox or a flying saucer
Spinning round the room
And I'd tell myself this couldn't have been
No member of the human race
Had to be them sex-crazed little green men
From outer space
Well it hit me like trouble
In the back of my head
Knocked me clean out of my shoes
And when I woke up, Lord, I wished that I was dead
I had got off the case of those abduction blues
Yes, it must have been an abduction, Lord
Cause I don't know what happened
It hit me like a bolt out of the blue
Now I think I'm gonna look crazy
But I know that it weren't them
Say the things that they can do and never do
Well, when at last I woke
Both my legs, they had been broke
Both my eyes were black
And my ears were stringing bad
I'd seen enough
I'm not gonna lie
I'm not gonna lie

But this was the worst case
Of intergalactic relations I've ever had
And I'd tell myself this couldn't have been
No member of the human race
Had to be them sex-crazed little green men
From outer space
Cause it hit me like trouble
In the back of my head
Knocked me clean out of my shoes
And when I woke up, Lord, I wished that I was dead
I had got off the case of those abduction blues
Yes, it must have been an abduction, Lord
Cause I don't know what happened
Hit me like a bolt out of the blue
Now I think I'm gonna look crazy
But I know that it weren't them
Say the things that they can do and never do
Never do
Music
Music

Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music

Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music

Music


Music
Music

and the swerving headlights from Interstellar Cattle Drive.
Friends, that's www.swervingheadlights.com.
Before that, Lemur collages.
War is hell, my friends, but Bob brings hope and confusion.
Chaz, the conspiracy is so powerful that we don't know what year this really is.
And Bob could show up any second.
For all we know, it's July.
Sure, there's snow on the ground, but it might be July for all we know.
They might have turned everything.
We don't even know if this is Earth, man.
No, we don't even know if the polar caps are the same ones we're wearing.
In fact, this might, for all we know, be a hideously polluted Mars.
And what we call Mars is the Earth left behind.
No.
After we polluted it the first time.
Or they polluted it.
I had the same, I had a parallel thought.
I won't say that the parallel lines met, but I had a parallel thought
that they had gone into our brains, deep into our corpus callosum and the other pithy parts,
and they had reprogrammed everything to such a point that I was looking out my window
and I was on another planet and we had all been moved in our sleep.
Well, it wasn't us.
It was the powers that be.
The big guys, you know, the ones that weigh over 500, 600 pounds.
Not to mention the ones that...
The ones inside your own head, dude.
Well, they don't live in Telemetry City and they don't give me commands.
The ones in my head, dude.
Do you remember how to get to Shell Beach?
Yeah, it was very distinctly a Shell Beach experience.
Right, like that movie Cool City or Dark City or Dark Coolness or whatever it was.
Night Town.
Night Town, yeah.
Going down to Night Town.
Hey, but I think the big news of the week is really that Pioneer 10,
winked off.
He knows how to cue.
He knows.
Pioneer.
Pioneer 10, 28 years out there.
And it's out there now.
Right this very moment, there's a piece of us, book an ass, out of the solar system.
And it's manned by two kiboshes and a piece of pie.
That is science, man.
That is the expansion of our ever-lessened, ever-pubescent, lusty waves.
20,000 years from now, a robot will find it.
And sell it on eBay for billions because it will be the oldest known thing built by the extinct human race.
That is well said because I thought you were going to say he's going to smell it and sell it to an ape and start it all over again.
You know, that's how it usually starts.
Well, that may be how it started at one point, but I personally don't think so.
So many lines converging.
I think that the Yeti's force evolved the humans so that they would send that Pioneer thing out into space.
To smell it.
It smells like rotting garbage, though.
To the country western singers in outer space.
Yeah, and Johnny Paycheck died.
Well, we talked about that last week.
Well, he actually fell asleep and nobody's been able to wake him up yet.
So they threw a big old wake and they tossed him in the earth.
Is this this week's show or last week's show?
I don't know anymore.
The tapes are confusing me.
Johnny Cash's birthday was today or a week ago today?
Is it January or is it Julyuary?
It's one of those 70-year-old days.
How old was Johnny?
Your babies grow up to be couples.
Mamas don't let your babies...
Don't let them smoke, froth, and dress up like girls.
Grow little titties and go on girls.
Don't make them grow little titties.
We'll try not, moms.
Don't tell them not to or that's just what they'll want to do.
Mamas don't let your babies go to X-Day.
Don't let them have operations that change their sexes.
They're so...
It's a twisted, sick, demented bunch of people.
Mamas, please.
If you hear me, if your babies do survive the war,
if they do come home from the war,
don't let them go to X-Day.
Because they never really come home from X-Day.
No.
They won't be babies no more.
You think a war might spank their booty?
X-Day is going to spank their brains out.
This will be the sixth X-Day or what we call sixth sex day.
Sixth.
There will be some sixth sex.
There will be 666 sick sex monkeys.
Spelled sick, sick, sick with S-I-C-S-I-C-S-I-Z-S-S-S-S-S.
Spelling out Bob with their butts mooning the sky for the satellites to read.
And you'll be the quote marks on the end.
I'll be the queen of procreation.
Your two cheeks.
I'll be the lizard woman.
Pointing up at the satellites of Ashcroft.
Will be the quotes on Bob's butt name.
Attention!
Attention!
This is your beloved leader, Og the Exalted.
There will be a special giant joy rally today at Og Memorial Stadium.
First let me say that this trip was made possible only by our dauntless chief, Og the Magnificent.
Introducer of Og Power.
Which runs most of the time.
Of our industry.
Naturally I protected government property by making the saucer invisible.
Yes, I brought the secrets back with me.
And here they are.
The big secret is of course oil.
Which has brought a better life to all the people in the USA.
But the key to making oil work for everybody is competition.
Fellow Martians.
I thank you.
Mmm.
You know what this means, Cosmic.
You bet I do, Og.
It means that you're through.
So why don't you get lost?
Yes, the real secret is not only a great source of energy, but also the freedom to make it
work for everybody.
And if you have both of these things, any goal is possible.
It's destiny.
Destination unlimited.
Man continually strives to replace the old with the new.
A quarter of a mile high skyscraper's tower with convenient rest and recreational facilities
for all.
On many of the buildings are landing decks for helicopters and auto gyros.
The new Ford F-150 is the first of its kind.


Rich in sunshine is the city of 1960.
On all express city thoroughfares, the rights of way have been so rooted as to displace
outmoded business sections and undesirable slum areas whenever possible.
Somebody who had shown their nipplets.

Their nipplets.
If you show nipples, you're a nipple.

Hey, wasn't there a giant bust?
Speaking of nipples, I heard that like four days ago there was a giant crackdown on lifestyle
shops.
Oh yes, of course.
All of a sudden Tommy Chong's website was an illegal terrorist act.
Yeah, you can't buy Hembu or Peep Purse or any of those fine papers anymore.
No, you can't get nipple clamps.
Right.
And the electrodes that affix to your testicles now have to be color-coded and there's a little
like a warning that you have to sign off on or some sort of procreative gesture you have
to make towards the wind.
I don't know.
It's strange.
When will the superhero alien come and take us away?
Stang, we've been waiting and waiting and...
Me too.
When will the rubber nade salesman come and take us away?
If now wasn't a better time than any, I don't know what is.
Yeah, really, man.
Don't look at me.
Well, we're trying not to.
What do you think, I've got like a Bob's phone number or something?
But you're right there.
No, no, I'm just a PR back, man.
I'm supposed to go...
I'm supposed to go...


Why, we don't know what...
Well, we don't.
We don't know what year it is and we don't know...
I know this.
Bob said that the X's will come July 5th, 1998.
Obviously, it is not yet July 5th, 1998.
Perhaps we'll be lucky and tomorrow will be.
You were off by 14 years by the Mayan calendar, which is given affixed as July 5th, 2012.
Well, a year in calendar is covered with some sort of yellowish juice.
Mayan as opposed to urine.
Yeah.
Yours and mine.
Urine and mine.
Oh!
Yeah.
Oh, oh.
You were talking about the Andean calendar of the...
The prepubescent one.
Husky people of the Andes.
And the Maltese.
Yes, the Husky.
And what exactly happens at 7 a.m.?
On 2012, a bunch of the Mayan elder gods come down from the clouds.
On 7th of July 5th, that's what happens.
July...
Of the year 1998, Bob's good buddies from Planet X, who happen to be sex goddesses,
will...
I just feel betrayed, Sting.
...come down or up or in from another dimension.
They'll arrive at some way.
Yeah.
Or rather, we shall be vacated.
We will vacate this evacuation chamber, this great latrine called Earth Farm 1, where the
aliens have raised us in order to feed off of our anguish and pain.
And they'll have a great dessert of those left behind in their anguish and pain.
They especially do love the one.
The ones were raised in their own filth, don't they?
The slackless are punished and the deuce-paying squeaky ministers are squeaky clean and...
Rubbed.
Rubbed down.
Pure of impurities.
It's Peter the Parrot.
Oh!
Wait, the biggest thing.
I can't believe it's Connie.
The biggest...
Hello, can you have Orin call home?
No.
Oh, Orin, please call home.
His honey is...
Hey.
...is...
How could we...
I mean, yeah.
I mean, but wait a minute.
Hey.
Hey.
Now, come on.
Like, dudes, like, hold on.
Now, hey.
Wait, everybody.
Hey.
Put the pipe down, man.
Yeah.
Hold on.
Just open those eardrums.
Mr. Rogers died.
Once again, we have another casualty.
Now, you know the real end times are near when Mr. Rogers makes his escape.
He tried to get in that little...
He got off.
...little train.
He got off, man.
He got off.
He tried to shrink his mind and get in the little train and take off to Smallville.
That's why, you know what?
When I heard Mr. Rogers died, I got real scared.
Well, but he's with his wife.

He's with his grandpa now with that...
That's because he's the implant.
...lost.
I got real scared, man, because I just know if there's no Mr. Rogers here anymore, there's
nothing to keep the aliens from toasting this motherfucking place.
Chaz, Chaz.
What about the Teletubbies?
It's the implant.
No.
That's why he got scared when Mr. Rogers died.
Yeah.
They'll be leading the charge.
It's because of the micro angel.
Once again, you guys, you don't get scared when Mr. Rogers dies.
You feel sad.
See?
Look at how screwed up he is because of that implant.
I don't feel sad.
I'm scared as hell.
No.
Your implant is not even put in the right place behind your neck.
What's going to keep George Bush from just nuking the whole earth now that Mr. Rogers
is gone?
Well, they used to meet regularly to discuss policy and so forth.
No more beautiful days in neighborhood earth, boys and girls.
Ladies and gentlemen, you've heard the reports that enemy planes are approaching.
In less than three hours, an H-bomb might fall over Portland.
But like myself, I think you're going to be very interested in this story that we're
going to tell you.
And in this age of missiles and man-made moons, it takes on added significance.
There are no actors in this story, but there are a lot of people.
The people of the city of Portland, Oregon, and what happened to them or could happen
to them on a day that we'll call X.
Holding hands.
Holding hands.

Waiting for that foghorn to blow.
It's been three hours now and he said he was never going to come again, but I knew I'd
just stay here and wait.
I could hear the footsteps from two blocks away.
Those big chubby feet slapping against the pavement.
Yeah, it was W for War Bush and his buddy Sodom and Smackem Hobie.
Yeah, they thought they had the streets sealed up.
They thought they were clean of the bean.
Yeah, they thought they were the wild.
Well, so they placed the
Whatever it may be like.
Gonna be someone small.
We both know there's no need for talking anymore.
No need photo.
Everything's going on behind the scenes.
Perfect.
Behind the scenes.
Everyone knows that everyone blows.
There's nothing going on in front.
And there's nothing going on behind your eyes.
But behind your back, we're doing plenty.
For the United States Governments of America.
Behind the curtain.
Beyond the curtain.
You, the representations of people we representative.
We would like to know that we are not sham.
We are not focused and smoky.
We are real and we represent your representations.
We're behind each and every one of you Americans.
Whispering funny things in the back of your neck.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to pay my bills.
No, I can't pay anything.
Sometimes I just wish I could take a car and go out and shoot a goddamn partner.
Too many visions, man.
Too many dreams.
I saw the mushroom cloud again last night and it wasn't in my suit, man.
It was in my ears and my eyes.
Everybody is watching.
Go down, man.
Like the walls of Jalecho.
Just let me love.
Now, wait for the command.
Alien Love.
Alien Love.
Friends, you are listening to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
Here's our address.
Got that pencil ready?
P.O. Box 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
That's where you send things.
To me.
To play.
The show, the Hour of Slack, is the voice of the church of the subgenius.
More about that at www.subgenius.com, which includes a catalog of books and other things.
Friends.
Why don't you come on over to my joint?
Why don't you stink up my joint the way you stink up my...
Okay.
Back to the first one.
None of this made any sense at all.
How are you?
How are you?
There was no connective tissue.
There wasn't one.
Pioneer.
Fire turned off.
Mr. Rogers tuned out.
Good afternoon.
We may have...
He got off.
Well, yeah.
He's aboard that ship now.
He was being the board.
I think our jobs are cut out for us.
It's time for us now to build our own ships.
To meet Bob halfway, perhaps.
Our ships are cardboard cutouts.
Bob beckons.
The men from Planet X are beckoning to us.
They're saying, lift.
Just pull yourself up by your own boob straps.
You boots.
You silly platoons.
The beckoning.
Pull yourself.
Yank yourself.
Lift yourself up by your own straps.
Yank.
Yank.
Wank.
Wank for Bob.
Wank for Bob.
Wank as if your very life's depending on it.
What the hell?
It's a knife, I tell you.
Hey, you've been listening to ESO Radio.
Swamp Radio.
My name's Chaz.
Once a cowboy Dave.
Princess We are Doe.
The Reverend Ivan Stang.
Wank.
Wank.
Wank.
Wank.
This is the radio voice of the Wilson State University.
Till next week, keep your hat on tight.
You back to the wind and your sack in the saddle.
The sack of Princess We.
Wank.
You wanker.
Wank your wankers as if your life is dust.
Your life's your very life.
Wank.
Wank.
Wank.
Wank.
Wank.
Wank.


Wank.

Wank.
Wank.
Wank.


Wank.

Wank.
Wank.





Wank.
Wank.
Wank.
Wank.
