You shall be put to death.
You wanna try it, Poki?
We're sorry.
Love me tender, love me sweet.
Never let me go.
Sorry.
And I'll live my life clean.
And I love you so.
Visit the Sack Bar now.
Love me tender, love me true.
Now all my dreams fulfilled.
No employees.
For my darling, I love you.
No inventory.
And I always will.
And no selling.
And I always will.
Your call cannot be completed until...
No.
No thanks.
I prefer grass.
At San Quentin.
I love you.
The습니다.
Correct.
Thank you.




On the floor.
From PR news in Washington.
I'm provocative.
Police say I'm still being investigated.
There is good evidence of Chili, right there.
Northern California rolled over several times on a snow-covered mountain in Colorado.
Witnesses say PR's bad.
The White House managed to reach a phone and call for help today.
Rescue crews are en route.
The FBI says 2% by 6.5%.
On Wall Street, 29.
Six snowmobilers detonated a blast that killed personal trainers following a ski trip to Telluride.
The presidential candidates from both parties injected Hillary Clinton with performance-enhancing PR news from Washington.
And thank you, Mr. Fernandanande Lee Murr.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Welcome to Hour of Slack number 1,753.
This time a live, or pretend live, show with Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Recorded November 14th, the year the conspiracy calls 2019.
But there'll be a lot more other stuff in between,
including some of the most important things we've covered so far.
Some puzzling evidence show from KPFA Berkeley.
And some collages featuring the idiot monster.
Not Bob, though.
The origins of which collages are mystery to me in many cases.
But first, or second, a little ditty from our many friends in the Rudy Schwartz Project.
I promise to cut taxes for the rich and use the poor as a cheap source of teeth for aquarium gravel.
That'll show!
You're not rich.
But someday I might be rich, and then people like me better watch their step.
And then this Democrat mayor gets up.
He said, wow, I think it was Donald Trump.
The Rudy Schwartz Project.
And then John And I followed suit, I think it was the finance director.
Don count on you all to come back in time, like you did with 9-Eleven.
And then go out the meses, camp some new Robotnik,breast promoting with Max and Carl.
That's Nocturne.

This seems to have hella RAMPED.

It's perhaps more такая FGA..
We'll hop and skip and jump.
It's time to be a sociopath and vote for Donald Trump.
Part of the problem and part of the reason it takes so long is nobody wants to hurt each other anymore, right?
And they're being politically correct the way they take them out.
Look at my African-American over here.
Look at him.
Are you the greatest?
I love the old days.
You know, I think you should do to guys like that when they were in a place like this.
If you carry them on a stretcher.
Oh, no, no.
Will we dance?
No, we don't.
The ghost of less mathematics will rise up and sing the song.
Wompy, poodle, puddle, dumb.
He's completely nude.
Donald's got a boner.
That's because he's not a prude.
Locked from tourism, get involved.
Rise up and take a stand.
Donald Trump's the guy to make America great again.
All you watching Infowars are spitting on your chin.
Lubricate your rectum with your fist and we'll disdain.
Tra-la-loo.
Cock-a-doodle-doo.
He'll deport the Mexicans, the Muslims, and the Jews.
Tra-hit-a-lee-dum.
Stuck your head inside your room.
Join the clan, pick out your sheet, and vote for Donald Trump.
Hop and dance.
Good-bye to France.
It's Mussolini's second chance.
20 million whites.
So, premises can't be wrong.
Tra-la-loo.
Yuck-a-diddly-dum.
Donnie Trump and Vladimir Putin.
Walking hand-in-hand.
Ho-yo-yo.
Slippity-dippity-slump.
It's time for all the dead.
Because it's time for Donald Trump.
Everyone's a dumbass and their brains are full of glass.
It's time to be a hero.
It's time for Donald Trump.
Let's fight to punch him in the face, I beg you.
We having a good time?
USA, USA.
USA, USA, USA.
All right, yeah, get him out.
Try not to hurt him.
If you do, I'll defend you in court.
Don't worry about it.
USA, USA, USA.
USA, USA, USA.
USA, USA, USA.
USA, USA, USA.



USA, USA.





USA, USA.
the life of me remember what I was going to say. I turned this thing on prematurely to talk,
but I guess I need to call Dave and see if all this stuff works properly.
It's some kind of hour of slack, I think. Well, let's try. Let's find out if that's what it really is.
I don't know. Dave! I'm digging it. You made it. I don't know what I made it. Is everything okay?
I mean, relatively? As well as it can be. That's not, well, it could be perfect or near perfect or
seemingly perfect anyway. Seemingly or near. I mean, it could be. Probably isn't.
Could be.
It could be a fissionable device that they're trying to relocate the Arctic Ocean on.
I don't know if that's a real reality or something they said from Walter Reed Hospital.
Well, somebody is going to have to put the Atlantic Ocean somewhere safe to keep it away from the humans.
Yeah, do you need to save it online somewhere in the cloud?
No, what I had in mind was, well, you know how on X-Day I have dibs on all these great things and places?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well.
I've had artifacts and you sold artifacts for me, too.
I'm having volume problems on you.
Volume?
Yeah, yeah. Talk as loud as you can.
I'm talking right into it.
Okay, that's good.
Anyway, yeah, yeah, I had a brainstorm about X-Day.
I'd been thinking too small in that I'd been thinking, well, okay.
I'm going to beam up the Grand Canyon and the Salton Sea.
I might even fill the Grand Canyon up with the Salton Sea.
Yeah, that would be a good way to go.
You know, same way.
I'm kind of, we'll each have as big a an escape vessel spaceship as we want.
It can be planet sized.
And I was going to have one that was about the size of the Earth, maybe a little smaller, so I wouldn't weigh quite as much.
Yeah.
And I was going to, you know, beam up these various great museums and national monuments and stuff.
But lately I've been thinking, you know, it's a shame.
Even if X-Day doesn't happen, most, a whole lot of the life on Earth is about to die because of humans.
And I thought, what if I just beam up all the other life on Earth besides the humans on, you know, and have it.
That's silly.
Well, I know it sounds crazy.
It sounds crazy.
But I mean, we are talking about X-Day.
And in theory, it's quite possible.
You just have to be free to think of it.
Yeah, I guess that's, I had that kind of mixed up.
I had it backwards.
Like my fissionable devices I'm trying to sell.
It seems like the Ukrainians or the Eugenesians.
What's Eugeneuva?
I don't know.
But the Unarians are interested in fissionable devices.
Well, the ancient Sumerians, yeah, they have been for a long time.
No, no, the Unarians.
UFO cult in California.
Yeah.
They're friends of ours.
Well, I guess there are still some missionaries from San Francisco that are married after 20 years of insufferable turpitude.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't.
Well, now, you were talking about you have a fissionable device.
No, I have fissionable material.
Because we only have four.
You only have four?
Yeah, the Church of the Subgenius only has four nuclear weapons.
Well, I was hoping to get it up to six.
Right.
That's why I was asking, you know.
Because I could pretend like I have two more and we could all pretend together.
And that would be our six for our limit.
And we'd be okay as far as the instability department goes.
The, you know, the rug biters.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Thanks, and see you.
From PR News in Washington, I'm not currently seeking nuclear weapons.
I'm not seeking nuclear weapons.

Not pursuing atomic weapons does not mean pursuing atomic weapons can be eased.
The CIA is stepping down.
The CIA says it ordered the CIA to comply with PR News.
On Wall Street, 5-2-1-5-5, the Department of Education conspired to siphon off some six newspapers, coupled with higher gas prices.
Now the question is whether this is PR News in Washington.
My friend, we have traveled very far.
We have no food, no water.
Once I see my people fed, I would be honored.
No.
We have a serious problem with radical Islam.
We have a tremendous problem.
And we can't be the stupid country anymore.
Where I come from, guests are treated with respect, not insulted at the gates.
Given the circumstances, my lord, I believe extreme measures are warranted.
The people that are...
The people that are with me 100% are the people.
What?
The Pope.
The Pope was in Mexico. Do you know that?
Did everybody know that? Right?
He said negative things about me.
The Pope is being told that Donald Trump is not a nice person.
Donald Trump is a very nice person.
If you do not let us in, all of us will die.
I said temporarily. I didn't say permanently. I said temporarily.
We have no border. We have no control.
We have no border. We have no control.
People are flooding across.
We need to build a wall.
And it has to be built quickly.
The greatest builder is me.
And I would build the greatest wall you have ever seen.
And in that wall, we're going to have a beautiful, big, fat door where people can come into the country, but they have to come in illegally.
I don't think they like me very much.
This country needs somebody.
That's a deal maker.
I'm giving you Commander Greyguard.
No deals. No deals.
We don't make deals. Not with anybody. We don't make deals.
You mistake me, my lord. That was a command.
No, no, no, no. Excuse me. Just so you understand.
We need people that know what they're doing. We don't need babies.
Are you refusing to obey my order?
Yeah. By the way, I never... I think you could say that, yeah.
Olly, bring me my sword.
They laugh at us, but they say, what about it? And they chop off heads.
They think we are so stupid. You have no idea.
Much like my head. I don't want to see it removed just yet.
I would bring back waterboarding. And I'd bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding.
This is some heavy stuff.
What do you got going in here?
I think that's how the early subgenius preachers were born.
They multiplied like...
A split. Like amoebas.
Like amoebas, yeah. They would get... They'd start swelling up, look like they're going to explode, and all of a sudden they would split into two...
Horrible, pussy... Horrible preachers.
Yes, the trucks were filled with giant seedpods of some kind. And they're all over the highway.
See, this is the thing. Dr. Howe and...
Philo don't want to tell you about is what X-Day really is about.
I'm afraid the public is not ready to know.
What about the incredible two-headed transplant?
Another X-Day mistake. Yes, that one was...
Yeah, there's one up in the refrigerator.
There's, uh...
Nobody notices.
It would take an hour and a half to learn everything there is to learn about missiles. I think I know most of it anyway.
My wife, Ivana, is a brilliant manager.
I will pay her one dollar a year and all the dresses she can buy.
I think the only difference between me and the other candidates is...
I'm more honest and my women are more beautiful.
I build the best buildings. And I'm the biggest developer in New York by far.
While that's real estate and this is politics...
Are they really so different?
Usually, if I fire someone who's bad, I tell them how great they are.
Because I don't want to hurt people's feelings.
My fingers are long and beautiful. That's been well documented.
Along with other various parts of my body.
My Twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
The concept of global warming was created by the Chinese.
Sorry losers and haters, but my IQ is one of the highest.
And you all know it.
Please don't feel stupid or insecure.
It's not your fault.
And it's not a wig. It's my hair.
Do you want to touch it?
McCain, he's not a war hero.
He's a war hero because he was captured.
I like people that weren't captured.
Okay?
What I say is what I say.
Well, I do whine because I want to win.
And I'm not happy about not winning.
I fully think apologizing is a great thing.
But you have to be wrong.
I will absolutely apologize if I'm ever wrong.
The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill.
I love Hispanics.
Boy, for a minute there I thought I was hearing a strange buzz or some kind of fissionable aspect on your phone.
Now the buzz came.
Yeah, I hear the buzz.
Well, I had a major accident with my cell phone today.
And I was preparing for what to do in case this would happen.
Because I can't use my cell phone because I tried to download a device I shouldn't have.
I should have just used it for calling people.
Oh.
Instead it said, ready to download X5703.
Some Chinese writing.
Uh-oh.
And I downloaded it.
And now it doesn't work.
I accidentally pushed the wrong button.
Uh-oh.
Well, you can't call me.
I suppose I could call you.
But he said I can't speak.
I can't call you anymore so I believe him because I want to get out of there.
What?
Want to try and call me back?
Uh, yeah, sure.
I'll call you back.
Okay.
Okay.
Maybe it'll go away because it has done that sometimes.
Right.
Okay.
I'll just call you right back.
Okay.
I'll go back in and out of character.
Bye.
Okay.
In and out of character.
He's never out of character.
There's no difference between him and character.
What'd you say?
Oh, no.
There we go.
Okay.


I got a buzz on.
It's still there.
Davey, can you hear me?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It's a very loud buzz.
I suggest that we do this on Tuesday or tomorrow.
Well, you know what, Dave?
Just leave it on.
Stay on for a minute because sometimes it just disappears when you spit on it or kick
it or lean back or something.
I was going to tell you.
I've got a buzz on, too.
Oh, man.
We've all got a buzz on.
A different kind of buzz.
You know, that could cost a lot of money if the state police finds out.







No, no. No, this is different. I have this electrostimulation device hooked up to my lower spine because my back's been hurting.
And these subgeniuses...
But we can work that right in there, huh?
These forbidden scientists in subgenius land sent me a TENS unit, T-E-N-S, which stands for telemagical electro...
Electrical...
Elbow fish.
And what's the other? Oh, neuromuscular stimulation.
Yeah, terrible electric neuromuscular stimulation.
And what it does is it kind of blanks out the signals from the pain nerves in your arthritic lower back.
And it replaces it with a feeling of a thousand tiny insects urging your back to let go by biting.
I've got it set on a program that makes it...
You know, it's biting real hard.
Then it lets off.
They're not biting much or barely biting.
Oh, now they're biting more.
Oh, yeah, that feels good.
Oh, good.
Yeah.
It's like little molecules.
What do they call them when an atom comes up and chews up another atom?
Is that like nuclear science?
Arthritis?
That's what's going on in my back.
Anyway, hey, the buzz is gone, I think.
Mine is still on, but I'll keep on.
No, you sound fine.
I'm going to bring this Spongo music back up.
Oh, one of the things I was going to ask was if you could get weed ejected because you have tinnitus.
I didn't say that.
I didn't say you have breast.
Oh, no.
I have...
No, I've defeated the tinnitus.
My $10 billion hearing aids and the electro-stimulo...
Stimulo.
The electro pads and the neck bolts.
Oh, yeah, I love it.
Those have all kind of...
I mean, they blank the tinnitus.
I tried mine.
I can actually tell now.
I can't tell if...
It sounds good or bad, but I can tell if I can hear it.
And if I can hear it, anybody can hear it.
You can't tell if it sounds good or bad, but you can tell it sounds, right?
Yeah.
You're aware.
Yeah.
Yeah, I can...
Oh, I hear the buzz.
Yeah, the buzz is still there when I bring...
There's a buzz.
There's also a Pac-Man crunch, an old 1992 Pac-Man crunch going on there.
That's exactly what the pictures of my lower back look like on this CAT scan, Dave.
It looks like Pac-Man has been running down...
Taking bites out of the top of each of the vertebrae.
The bottom three or four, you can clearly see where Pac-Man or some dog has just been nibbling in the center of the backbone.
And then up in my neck, it's just kind of wispy.
Oh, well, that's a preferred position is to have a wispy neckline.
Oh, no.
No, not really.
No, not really.
No, in Paris fashion, man.
And I'm telling you, to have a wispy neckline and a marginal latitude...
Well, it's fashionable, but...
Yeah.
It makes it hard to drive.
I can't turn my head very far right or left.
I have to do the Batman turn.
My whole swivel from the waist.
My shoulders and everything move.
And oftentimes, you look out as far as you can, and you don't see anything.
You pull out, and next thing you know, something's right there.
Well...
But they eat you like a...
The domination of Pac-Man.
I'll tell you, man.
It's the indignities.
It's the indignities.
What can you say?
Shrivel up, baby.
We all got a few to live through.
I agree.
That's devonish logic, if you know what I don't mean, really.
I do know what you don't mean.
But, you know, at least we're not dead.
I think that's good.
So far.
So far, it's like you think you're dead.
I mean, you might not think you're dead.
Well, I've got these electrodes keeping me alive.
I've got this little terrible electro-neuromuscular stimulation here.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, it hurts good.
It hurts better than real pain.
Let's put it that way.
That's because the Chinese made the pillows and the socks,
and they're trying to secretly take our subconscious.
They're trying to take our subconscious reflections and other stuff like that here.
They didn't just make the pillows and the socks.
They made everything.
They made the condoms.
They made, which is why there's so many humans running around still.
I mean, it's a plot, man.
It's conspiracy.
Yeah.
It is.
It's very, very one that no one takes seriously.
Like it's some kind of frumpy joke or a magazine article that nobody ever read before.
Right.
And, you know, I don't care about the buzz.
I say Trump the buzz.
See, I don't have to censor that one for broadcast.
Trump the buzz.
I don't care about it.
But what a name to be named for your president if you're playing this kind of hologram,
holster this loose game with dice you're playing.
Well, it's a perfect name for an idiot dolt, a rich kid, trust fund baby,
who's making a fool of himself and all of his supporters.
But who cares?
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
You don't care.
Well, I don't care.
That's that new bestselling book.
Other times.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I guess that's true if you want to be a big fat liar.
Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word
Trump.

Out of all of the English words that begin with a letter,
F Trump is the only word that is referred to as the F word.
It's the one magical word just by its sound can describe pain,
pleasure, hate and love.
Trump as most words in the English language is derived from German.
The word freaking, which means to strike in English.
Trump falls into many grammatical categories as a transitive verb.
For instance, John Trump.
Surely.
As an.
In.
Transitive verb.
Surely.
Trump.
Its meaning's not always sexual.
It can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the trumping work.
As part of an adverb, surely talks to trumping much.
As an adverb enhancing an adjective, surely is trumping beautiful.
As a noun, I don't give a trump.
As part of a word, absolutely.
Trumping.
Lutely.
Or.
In.
Trumping.
Credible.
And, as almost every word in a sentence, Trump.
The trumping Trumpers.
As you must realize, there aren't too many words with the versatility of Trump.
As in these examples describing situations such as fraud, I got trumped, that they use
Carlot.
Dismay, aw Trumped it.
Trouble, I guess I'm really trumped now.
Aggression, don't trump with me buddy.
Difficulty, I don't understand this trumping question.
Inquiry, who the Trump was that?
Dissatisfaction, I don't like what the Trump is going on here.
Incompetence, he's a Trump buff.
Dismissal, why don't you go outside and play hide and go Trump yourself.
I'm sure you can think of many more examples.
With all of these multi-purpose applications, how can anyone be a Trump?


With all of these multi-purpose applications, how can anyone be a Trump?
With all of these multi-purpose applications, how can anyone be a Trump?
With all of these multi-purpose applications, how can anyone be offended when you use the
word?
We say, use this unique, flexible word more often in your daily speech.
It will identify the quality of your character immediately.
Say it loudly and proudly.
Trump.
You.
Yep, I suppose if you're walking around threatening the other inmates and patients, then you've
got a reason to believe, you know?
Heck yeah.
Heck yeah.
Oh, that's the way you have to do it.
Hell yeah.
Oh, Christ, man.
You know, my sister who is in the state prison, I went to see her a couple of weeks ago.
She's doing okay considering.
It's so boring.
At least the weather broke.
But she has taken to, you know, her fellow offenders are curious and they want to know,
you know, what are you in here for?
And she makes up this whole story about how…
That's just beautiful.
Well, she has this vivid story about how she killed her ex-husband who abused her, which
is not true at all.
She never killed any ex-husbands, but she wanted to.
And so she can tell a really convincing tale about what built up to it and so forth and,
you know, impresses the other ladies and…
Oh, how cute.
Yeah.
And she basically wants everybody to leave her alone because they're so ignorant.
It drives her crazy and she'd rather read.
So, when they try to pester her and she doesn't want to talk to them, she has explained to
them that she has ass burgers, which is not true probably.
It's like cheeseburger, but it's not.
I'm sorry.
I have ass burgers and that's why I just don't like to, you know, socialize with people.
I don't do well with other human beings.
I basically hate them.
So, you're saying you don't want that with her?
It's because I have ass burgers.
And they say, oh, we thought you were a snob and didn't like us.
So, you're just mentally ill.
Oh, that's…
Oh, I'm so glad to hear that.
Hey, everybody, she's just mentally ill.
That's why she's such a snob.
She's not really a snob.
She just has that, you know, like that boy in that show, that syndrome, that, you know,
breaking the business.
Big Bang Show or whatever it is.
That boy that can't relate to people.
She's like that.
Boy, he's got a cylindrical head.
And they mocked him since childhood for having a cylindrical head and being part of a fishing
fleet off Gulfport, Mississippi.
That's when they had him retired.
Like, I guess the carbonized Welsh Army or some of those crazy guys were at it again.
They were trying to defuse the whole concoction.
And all that happened was we got more trouble than ever.
You know?
Oh, I know.
And it makes people so uncomfortable when they hear the prating of someone who seems
like they might be really mentally ill on the radio.
Yep.
They kind of go, wow, are these guys really that messed up or is that just an act?
Thank goodness we don't have to deal with that kind of thing, Dave.
Well, we don't have to deal with it, but we have to.
Yeah.
We're forced.
We're actually forced by a subunit of the Army, of the military police that says in
1992, from then on until 2022, we have to obey and act like we're wearing a girdle and
take pictures of like, you know, those 1940s hot babes that you used to have in the lockers.
Well, what I'm saying is I've tried to be as kind as I can to the mentally ill people
that pointlessly.
Pointlessly try to use up our time.
But isn't it just as much fun to poke fun at them and make them cry?
You know, as Bob said, but we're only making fun of idiots.
Was that what he said?
Now I can't remember.
I think he was making fun of me, Dave.
Right.
Because that's not the creed.
It's backwards.
If you stop making fun of you, what will you do for a living?
You have to become a policeman or an archer or a...
Yeah.


Spaghetti blunder.
I've been thinking about being a Walmart greeter because it seems like that would be
sort of fun and slackful.
People walk in and you go, may I help you?
Would you like to know where anything is?
That's what I would like.
If I was one of them Walmart guys and somebody's walking in, you're supposed to greet them
and say, hello, welcome to Walmart and all that stuff you're supposed to say to them.
I'd say, I'd say spat on them.
And I'd say, what the hell are you doing here, you dumbass?
Dave.
Well, you've got to...
That's not what you...
You've got to cut that out.
That's not what greeters do.
I know, but that's what greeters should do.
Don't you think?
No.
We're crying out loud once in this life, we should shout back together and we'll stand
by the network window and say, I want everybody to listen or whatever he says.
And then just swear like a behemoth goat.
Well, I don't...
I know how a behemoth goat swears, believe it or not.
But, but, but...
But...
Dave, you know, I judge Walmarts by their greeters.
I've...
There's Walmarts where you walk in, the greeter's just sitting there, staring into space, doesn't...
Angrily looking.
Yeah, angry, looking angry and sullen.
You don't want to ask them anything.
I don't want to look at Walmart.
Well...
But then there's other Walmarts where you walk in, they go, welcome to Walmart, sir.
What a beautiful day it is outside.
Can I help you find anything?
Can we ask you a tip, Dave?



Notice I threw a Texas accent into that particular good Walmart.
Because I like the near...
The Walmart over to Granbury.
It's not...
They're pretty...
They actually walk up and go, can I help you, sir?
And they don't have everything under lock and key like the one in Cleveland Heights.
Because they don't have the theft problem as badly.
In Texas, there's good guys.
There's good guys with guns everywhere.
If somebody sees you shoplifting, it's legal for them to pull out a weapon and shoot you dead.
And so I saw him just pick up that thing and he hadn't paid for it.
Yeah, I saw him pick up...
You should write a song about that.
He picked up that gun and he didn't pay for it.
Well, sir, he hadn't gotten up to the cashier yet.
That's why he didn't pay for it.
Well, I killed him anyway because I knew he was going to steal it.
Well, all right.
Please be more careful next time, customer.
You two, Manuel, Pepe, drag this guy out of the...
Out of the...
Oh, God.
I don't know.
I think that's totally insane.
Well, sure.
Well, of course, I know it's intended to be to get some sort of reaction.
Yeah, well, welcome to America.
What?
He said his widow and her pelicans won't send him a single bill he can sign.
And the Democrats aren't much better.
Well, blind leading is stupid.
Doug, do you recall anything about what happened?
Stop reminiscing about the past and concentrate on our glorious future.
Just look at this.
With our glorious leader, our new leader, we can all sing songs to the glory of our new leader.
Hillary Clinton.
The elections.
We've been working on this plan since day one.
It has nothing to do with the approval ratings.
But as for the election, whose turn is it to ask today?
Is the president running in 2016?
Today, the priority is good government.
But...
Ask even tomorrow.
Thank you, everyone.
If we Republicans choose Donald Trump as our nominee, the prospects for a safe and prosperous future are greatly diminished.
He's not of the temperament of the kind of stable, thoughtful person we need as leader.
You can see how loyal he is.
He was begging for my endorsement.
Donald Trump is a fool.
A fool.
Now, Donald Trump tells us that he is very, very smart.
He is very, very not smart.
Attacking me, as he surely will, won't prove him any less of a fool.
It's entirely in his hands to prove me wrong.
Oh, God.
I could have said, Mitt, drop to your knees.
He would have dropped to his knees.
Oh, God.
Oh!
Well, let's hear it.
Big Don.
Don't worry about it, little Mario.
Yeah, welcome to America.
What?
What?
Uh-oh.
Claudia and Buddy are upset about something.
I bet it's Mom coming home.
I bet that's what it is.
Princess Wee said, if I come, if you guys are still doing show when I come home, I'll drop in and join you.
So I've got her microphone set up and her little chair.
Yeah, we better drop her in.
Yeah, but it's going to take her a while.
She went to the Gypsy Market in the little convention center downtown.
Oh, I bet there are no gypsies there.
And when I say downtown, I'm talking about a town square.
And when I say convention center, it's a couple of really big rooms.
There's enough room for horses to buck and do rodeo in beneath.
Get out of here.
It was full of—no, no.
We—Glenrose, Texas has a convention center.
You're actually bringing horses out to dinner with you?
Yeah.
Have you ever taken a horse out to your favorite Thai restaurant for a boogie time and a slight marshmallow or two?
I haven't.
That's the way it is, sir.
But my brothers and my nephews have.
It's not a Thai restaurant.
My family's better than your family.
It's actually a Chinese restaurant.
We don't have a real Thai restaurant here.
But we do have a real Chinese restaurant in that it's—well, it's a carry—takeout place.
But it's run by people who look like they're probably Chinese.
It could very well be Mr. and Mrs. Hand People.
I mean, Lothar—remember Lothar and the Hand People?
Yes, I do.
I was playing Lothar and the Hand People on this show about five years ago fairly regularly.
And you know who the Hand People are, don't you?
Those are the people who started China.
The Hand People?
Oh, the Han—
Han.
No, you're talking about the Han.
H-A-N.
Yeah, H-A-N.
No, that's—Lothar was with the Hand People as in Five Fingers and a Thumb.

Something like that.
Oh, geez.
Yeah, the Han—
Now I'm going to be fired for sure.
Han are the ethnic majority in China.
Yeah.
When I first got to China, I thought they all looked alike.
But then by the time I left, not only did they not all look alike, some of them looked like my uncles, my relatives.
Even though they were Chinese, they still—
It's like, God, that's a Chinese version of my Uncle Pat.
Oh, that's a Chinese version of Curly over there at the dump.
You know?
It's like you recognize these facial types even though they were a different, you know, continent—continental appearance-wise.
We're all related and there are just so many genes just enough to fit into our pants.
Yeah, I wonder if the listeners can hear when my—the crunching in my back when I realize I've been slumped over in the—
when I sit up straight, it makes this noise.
It's sort of like trying to start up a lawnmower that never quite starts.
Yeah, on my side it sounds like an electronic carpenter or a garpenter, whatever they call it.
A streetcar conductor.
Yeah.
The kind that's got a little cute fish on the spare side.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, I can hear myself real well.
And actually I can—if—
Yeah.
I figure if I can understand what you're saying, anybody can, right?
Wait, the buzz just went away.
The buzz.
Buzz.
Don't—don't—don't—
There it goes.
Don't move.
Now just take those little wire cutters and clip the red wire—no, the—wait, is it the red or the green?
Or the white wire?
One is going to make us explode like a bowl full of spaghetti.
But let's not do anything because the buzz is gone.
I got it.
The buzz is gone away for good.
That's all we care—the harassment from the, you know, the netherworld and the armed factions.
The buzz is gone.
That sounds like a negative thing, you know?
Like you're telling somebody, are you having fun having a buzz?
And their answer is, the buzz is gone.
Buzz killer, man.
Yeah.
Buzz killer, Teed.
Dude.
What do they say now, bro?
Have you ever really been one—
Is it bro or—I mean, it hadn't been man.
It's Brell.
It's Jacques Brell.
Oh, Brell.
At the art center.
And Woody Guthrie.
And Woody Guthrie will be there and the spam units and all those cadets from the old days used to shout out their hallelujahs to Stalin.
Stalin was actually a Georgian, not from the United States, Georgia, but from Georgia near the Soviet Union.
He's not Russian at all.
A lot of people don't like him saying that crazed Russian Stalin.
Well, he'll just shoot you just like everybody else does.
Huh.
Huh.
That'd be like people saying, that crazed Texan, lonesome cowboy Dave.
What a hateful man.
Or that crazed—
The terrible things he did.
Yeah, or that crazed Ohioan, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Well, he's not in that location, but he's still, you know—
Well, I was in Ohio for 20 years, so I kind of was in a—I mean, I'm a former half-Ohioan, you know.
Yeah.
Something like that.
It may sound like it was prison.
He did five to 20 in the Ohio State Maximum Reformatory.
Round on the ends, high in the middle, Ohio.
Ohio.
I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created.
I tell you that.
Obama is going to be out playing golf.
He might even be on one of my courses.
I would invite him.
I actually would say, I'm not saying they're stupid.
I like China.
I just sold an apartment for $15 million to somebody from China.
Am I supposed to dislike them?
But we don't know, because we have no protection.
Islamic terrorism is eating up large portions of the Middle East.
They've become rich.
I'm in competition with them.
They just built a hotel in Syria.
Can you believe this?
We have losers.
We have losers.
We have people that don't have it.
We have people that are morally corrupt.
I'm really rich.
I'll show you that in a second.
I have a net worth.
I'm not doing that to brag, because you know what?
I don't have to brag.
I don't have to.
Believe it or not.
I think I am a nice person.
People that know me like me.
Yeah, that's just like, you know, the good, the bad, and the ugly, or for a fistful of
donuts and stuff like that, because when you get Wallace Beery saying, or, you know, you're
like Eli Wallach saying, I like big men, but they make a lot of noise when they fall
down, that means you can, it's easier to beat up large people if you're small.
Yeah, if only.
Did you know that?
If only.
If only.
No, the only, if you're small, take my word for it, what you do is you act like you're
completely insane and don't care what's going to happen to you, and then they back off.
That's like, then you're not reacting the way they expect you to.

Right, like make licky licks at the church, in the church bus, make licky licks.
You basically bug your eyes and say, kill me, go ahead, kill me.
I want to kill.
You puff up like a toady frog, and push all your spikes out.
People who've seen me get mad say that I kind of turn a glow with a red evil glow that's,
and my eyes get weird.
Inhuman, frightening.
That's like, good, that's exactly what keeps me from getting my butt kicked by larger people.
That's, the mask of insanity is the only way to get by in the normal world, really, among
the normals.
Yep, and if you have the mask of insanity, you might as well have the whole mascot and
take it along to Republican parties and birthday events and, you know.
And Yom Kippur and Sweet Sally Brown and all kinds of things.
And that mascot is none other than J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Hey Dave, there's a real life thing happening in Church of the Subgenius that's very exciting,
and I'm excited about it.
In Pasadena, every year, there's something called the Doo Dah Parade, and it's insane.
And this year, our good friend, Hel Swami Satellite Weavers, one of the co-sub-sub-families,
the founders of the church, the guy that did our best artwork, just about, he has organized
a subgenius parade in the Doo Dah Parade.
And there's going to be as many people as you can get, I'm guessing maybe 20 will show
up, that will all be wearing business suits and plastic Bob masks made from the Hel Swami's
fabulous bust of Bob.
That we have turned into custom masks in some cases.
But he's mass produced them and hand painted them and there will be people carrying a big
time control banner or a big prop with a huge dagger going through an hourglass with the
phrase time control on it.
And banners that say things like too much is always better than not enough, relax in
the safety of your own delusions, that kind of thing.
Any girls in ministry?
No, if I know, it's a subgenius parade so there will probably be three girls in miniskirts
and a bunch of sausages.
A bunch of boys with glasses.
Yeah.
You know, old, and some of them really old.
But some really young.
But there probably would be, I'm thinking if you're given 20 subgeniuses, there will
be three really hot young ladies that are so cool.
And intelligent.
That you can't believe, why are they even here?
And then you find out why they're insane.
It's like, oh, that's what makes them a subgenius.
Even though they're cute and intelligent, their insanity makes them a child of Bob.
So, you do have a chance.
They've already had little deals with family services going.
The program has been banned from the air.



You know that too.
I know, but it's too vital for the radio.
Not only was the ban on the program overruled, now I don't understand anything.
You're a mean one, Mr. Trump.
You really are a heel.
You're as racist as a Klansman dipped in dumb misguided zeal, Mr. Trump.
You're a rotten orange with alarmingly fascist ideas.
You're a monster, Mr. Trump.
You say Muslims are uncontrolled.
Claim they cheered on 9-11.
Now you want to ban them all, Donald Trump.
I wouldn't touch you, despite your 39.5% lead in the polls.
You hate Mexicans, Mr. Trump.
Say Latinos steal and rape.
You want to build a wall and make Hispanics pay it all.
You want to build a wall and make Hispanics pay it all.

笑



Ministry, Gold.
Ambassador.
2010 State of the world tomorrow, Gold Taste Bank.
West Coast.
Zilla.
You're a cow, a sexist stooge, mocking disabled reporters, calling women ugly too, Donald Trump.
The three words that best describe your lack of political experience are as follows, and I quote,
Killed, killed, killed.
You're a mean one, Mr. Trump. This campaign you have derailed.
You're an electoral fungus topped with cotton candy hair, Mr. Trump.
Your candidacy is an appalling dump heap, overflowing with the most disgraceful assortment of deplorable rubbish imaginable.
And you probably disapprove of this song because it's about Christmas, but it's not religious enough, even though you don't really care.
Jesus!
Fuck!
Fucking Christ!
A seasick crocodile.
Dave, you're going to have to talk up.
I'm going to have to talk up more than this right now.
Well, because you were kind of backing off and the buzz was getting louder than you.
It was killing my buzz, man.
How about right now?
That's funny, just when I said that, the buzz from my TENS unit stopped.
It actually, something killed me.
I'm going to have to go to my book.
Princess Wee's come.
Princess Wee bought a metal dinosaur.
Oh, my God.
We don't have any money for metal dinosaurs.
You must have gotten a really good deal for that.
It's a handmade dinosaur triceratops made out of scrap metal.
Yeah.
Oh, here, here.
Okay, you should.
Oh, my, my, my.
There's your headphone.
It's down, down there.
I thought that was my headphone, but my headphone's on my head.

Reverend Stang's a little confused right now.
It's okay.
It'll be all right.
Yeah.
Can you hear Dave's buzz?
Now, can you hear me buzzing on the phone?
We need to know from...
I can hear his buzz.
Yeah.
You can hear my buzz.
He has a slight buzz.
Yeah, it's not too bad.
No, it's just a slight buzz.
It sounds horrible over here.
It just makes me want to throw up in my face.
It makes me want to kick some pickles and titties and argue with everything in my sights.
No, Dave, that's really difficult to throw up in your own face.
My phone's...
Subgenius can do it.
Yeah, so...
You can't throw up in your own face.
But, yeah, you can.
You sure as hell can.
I've done it.
Oh, my God.
My electrodes are all...
Oh, they were...
What?
They were stuck to my underpants.
What's that, Robo-Man?
I have electrodes on, Princess.
Your underpants are in perfunctory mode right now.
You're going to have to do something about that before your underpants explode.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Oh, I...
Don't make promises you can't...
What's your deal, Robo-Stang?
I'm not Robo-Stang.
I'm the real Stang.
Oh, okay.
You can tell the difference.
Robo-Stang always sits up straight.
But you have electrodes connected to you.
Right.
That's to remind me to sit up straight.
I see.
You got telephone poles hanging out of your neck like Frankenstein.
No, that's to keep my back straight.
The telephone pole in my pants.
The back of my pants.
It's like my neck and my chest are strapped to this pole.
So it keeps my back straight.
Well, what about this?
It's a physical therapy move.
I don't have to use a telephone pole.
I suppose you could use a popsicle stick.
I didn't have a popsicle stick.
How about a yardstick?
I didn't have one.
I had a telephone pole.
Oh, okay.
The family pile of useless giant poles out in the back 40.
Right.

I know that one.
Yeah.
You got a bunch of useless poles.
There's no such thing as a useless pole.
Just ask anybody who knows, man.
It's a useless pole.








You can get a lot out of you if you can figure it out.
We should ask, we'll ask Mr. Sister.
He knows a lot about poles.
If they have creosote in them.
If they have creosote in them.

Well, he's actually a lower Slobovian.
They don't consider themselves poles exactly, but everybody else does.
I only know one Polish swear word.
Kurwa means like damn.
Kurwa.
Kurwa.
Kurwa.
It's a boobie, you know.
That's what you say when you slam your foot in a tricycle, you know.
Kurwa.
Kurwa.
In Texan, that's Kyurwa.
Kyurwa.
Kyurwa.
Kurwa.
Kurwa ye, partner.
A Polish subgenius told me that once and I believed him forever, but I haven't seen
him in 22 years, so he could've lied and just ... Well, I know better than that.
It's a true thing.
It's real.
real. It's heartwarming. It's a little bit heartbreaking. It's hard for us to figure
out. It makes me fidgety.
Life is just an endless puzzle.
It's not just a bunch of constructed fidgets.
A conundrum.
A spaghetti bowl of mottled up cords that you have to somehow try to straighten out
and untangle. Or not. You could just leave it the way it is and deal with it.
That's what most people do.
But when you untangle them, then you find all these wonderful cords.
You wouldn't believe some of the stuff I found when I started untangling in the back room
there, Princess Wee.
I'm afraid to find out.
Well, you were gone at the gypsy market.
Oh, I was really afraid.
I got to cleaning up in the utility room.
Very afraid.
You'll see. There's some real surprises back there and some real mysteries.
And those mysteries will have to wait until next week to be revealed, friends.
That conversation continued for another 30 minutes, but I decided to break it up with
the Trumpty Tumpty stuff, which I pulled mostly from a puzzling evidence episode.
Although that 2016 song, You're a Mean One, Mr.
Trump, was from the College Humor YouTube channel.
And you too can see subgenius videos on the YouTube channel called Revstag.
All one word and lowercase.
R-E-V-S-T-A-N-G.
Revstag.
On YouTube.
However, that also includes my home movies, which are mostly nature studies of tiny monsters
that actually exist.
But there's also a ton of subgenius stuff, especially from the olden days.
This radio show is the Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius, and you can find
past episodes and tracks.

Transcripts and logs, and a link to the GoFundMe page to learn more about old, nearly indigent,
lonesome cowboy day.
And links to the other four subgenius-aligned radio shows that are strewn around the country,
and to broadcast stations that might be in your town with this show.
That's subgenius.com.
But you have to click on the radio.
Pull down at the top right.
And remember, the Slack Friday two-for-one ordainment kit event runs from Thanksgiving
to Existlessness Month.
Yet another chance to do the righteous thing and get a killer deal at the same time.
And now, from our friends the Psychoskeletons, an apology.
A few weeks into this podcast, this show won two supply sets.

birhe and end the title of the show.

parents with no parent support, at least live until Manager's hour.

If you're living below Normal Yard at the rate of 50%이는 electricity.
Meta is your first really important person at all times over compartir our FUN Κ
? If you're living through a change week full of mealus or cause hcess and angels and desires,
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And that's what you do.
Yeah.
Really nice.

I did try and fuck her.
She was married.
I moved on her like a bitch.
And that's part of the game.
Yeah.
And that's part of the game.
And that's part of the game.
You guys didn't do the跳ing.
