A one, two, three, fire!
Leave it to the subgenius.
Power of sweat.
Whoa, isn't that something?
What do you mean?
If anyone gets any answers, it'll be the psychiatrist.
Oh, that's terrible.
Yes, yes, and no.
Huh? Are you trying to give me the double talk?
Yes, I'm sorry.
The subgenius agenda.
Through the leadership of J.R. Bob Dobbs,
his vision of a 22nd century America
where subgeniosity is the subgenius lifestyle,
Dobbs has repeatedly addressed subgeniuses,
saying, I have a vision and you are part of it.
Topic.
Welcome.
Come on.
Mind research.
Research.
That's why.
You call fooling around with superstitions
and voodoo rights research?
Yeah.
Well, it's...
It's a cult.
We have to do this.
The work I'm doing is very important.
Look, they're over the bridge now.
They're on the other side of the...
It's okay.
Oh, darn.
Well, that wouldn't be avoided.
It's just wiggled around.
Oh, I see.
That'll work.
That'll work.
We'll just use that scene then.
You just need to alarm them.
Tie him down securely.
Doctor!
Here, see?
Your friend.
Quickly.
Oh, oh.
I guess even the doctor begins to lose faith
when he's caught up with him.
I think he's leaning on his computer.
I mean, his keyboard.
All right.
Forever?

I'd like to try it.
That's a heck of a long time.
You know, Doc,
I made an amazing scientific discovery
in this laboratory of yours.
Looks like he's coming around.
Okay, all right.
It's Ivan Stang.
We're resuscitating Ivan Stang now.
It's my dad.
I'm stabbing...
I just stabbed a scalpel into his heart.
That's just a stupid superstition.
No, no, no.
You're a real guy.
Come on.
Yes, you are right.
Come on, come on, come on, Ivan.
You can do it.
Come on, come on, come on.
There's a queen of you.
Oh, she's outside trying to get in the studio.
Come on, Ivan.
Come on.
We're attaching the...
Okay.
There we go.
You know,
it's not nearly enough for you to believe in Bob.
You must suck his entrails with your psychic firmament.
You must live in Bob's own depleted spaces.
It is only musky-roomly.
Oh.
God, it's musky in his humily.
His little humily door where he keeps his humily worms.
His little humworms and men pets.
Oh, look at that.
Men things.
I wouldn't want that on my leg.
I'm excited.
Horrible.
Not in the middle of some...
Ugly men things.
Soon enough, you'll be searching for dobs on the scaly roof of your mouth.
Soon enough.
There.
You hear me?
Oh, none.
The male will change from a greasy green to a bright, beneficent blue.
Blue.
We're worried about the subconscious messages that they're sending.
Me too.
Yeah, we worry.
You mean the subliminal radio signals that are in everything?
Even your back teeth fillings?
Are they?
Those are the ones you should really worry about.
The ones they broadcast right into your teeth.
Because you can hear those at night when you're asleep.
And your ears, you know, you got your ear canal right there next to your back teeth.
It's sort of whispering up that ear canal all the time and you don't even know it.
So how do you know that there are subliminal messages happening?
Well, the government, the new government channels, and I switch channels and then I just get stuff.
You get stuff on the channels?
They're editing this out right now.
Yeah, there's some kind of editing going on.
I think you need to turn up your phone or something.
But it's funny because a lot of people are different.
I think that...
Now, do you have that antenna hooked up right now?
Well, yeah, I have.
I have the...
I got some stereo wires and I drug them all across my floor.
Back and forth?
Yeah.
I hope with this show turned up very loudly.
So did it generate a static charge negative ion field on the surface of the floor about three inches above the floor?
That you were only able to detect with the use of your vacuum cleaner?
Yeah.
You know, maybe not like...
You're confusing.
Well, I think you should be confused to a certain extent because your receptivity will increase that way and therefore make the antenna more powerful.
Yeah.
From PR News in Washington, I'm unacceptable.
This was confirmed this morning in conversations I had with leaders of Russia and Japan.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe called PR News a threat to the entire world.
On Wall Street 881118, this is PR News.
PR's reports remain on a downward...
On Wall Street 881118, this is PR News.
PR's reports remain on a downward spiral with a drop of PR News in Washington.
Reminds me of a...
Really?
Flying along here with us now.
Early in the morning.
On a happy...
Happy.
It's a cloud.
Sort of.
A new political wind.
I'm all there.
I'm all for it.
Yeah, we're all over it.
I'm up.
Lockstep.
I'm right with you.
Yeah.
The Homeland Security people will.
We buy in the morning.
And they'll check out your house and your life and...
Can you...
Do not want to check out my house.
FM radio waves to me?
They have to check out everything.
Yeah, we use all radio waves.
But can you explain how they work?
How radio waves work?
Yes.
We have the overman here tonight.
Tough question.
Yeah.
Philo Drummond.
Philo Drummond.
Philo Drummond.
Philo Drummond.
Philo Drummond.
After being in the...
You can hear the conference in the background.
What do you think?
You know, is that...
We'll explain that.
How does radio work?
Dr. Drummond, we have a young lady who wanted to know about how radio waves work.
So do you have, like...
Or do we have...
You've got headphones on?
Yeah, you can know.
Radio waves.
I do have headphones on.
Radio waves.
Okay.
Yeah, radio waves.
Well, they...
Because they're like...
I am the show.
They're these little things.
They sort of float out there.
They've got, like, little tentacles on them that kind of hang in space but have their own
modified...
cilia that are constantly flowing in the breeze and as the breeze passes by the cilia sort of
undulate and drive the organism the sound wave on its journey to your ears does that help
and this music always plays when radio waves are you know even if you're listening to a discussion
show about atomic waste this music would be playing in the background you just can't hear it
but music like this is always controlling your emotional reaction that's true music like this
is hanging around along with the radio waves or music like this radio waves have an affinity for
music like this they just kind of hang together in a symbiotic relationship there were a few
producers who were involved with the kind of underworld but then if you do it you if you accept
the money from them you must be ready for the country
you must be ready for the country you must be ready for the country you must be ready for the country
Well, you accept it for what it is.
It could be money, it could be guns, or it could be butter,
depending on your state and the state that you're in.
You know, I want to get back to some of the magic about Pangea and Lemuria and Guandana.
Oh, yeah, back in the old days, when we were just hanging out.
The old ways, because I've seen video from that time.
Yeah, we were like just a pack of amoebas, you know, like running wild.
Hanging around, it's like, let's extend our protoplasm over into that area for a while.
You know, the next thing we know, they were just like, I had a twin there, looked just like me.
And, you know, what's going on here?
So we started hanging around together for a while.
Next thing we knew, we were like a symbiotic organism of individual cells
that was all together with their own collective purpose,
slathering and slithering until one day we had a flitch out.
And we were like, we're going to have a flitch out.
And we stuck that flitch out.
We started manipulating our environment.
We decided, you know, maybe we should think about crawling out into that other atmosphere.
You know, we should leave this sweaty, liquid environment and move beyond it and move over
into that dry area.
Of course, we need some legs.
We need to modify our head.
No, it does look like a ghost town.
So we did, and there we are.
And so that's how it happened.
Okay, any more questions?






I'm going to help you with any other questions.
Ladies and gentlemen, station KOQW would like to present now a serious documentary program,
an investigation of serious topics of our time as they relate to the industry.
Would you get that up, please?
Thank you very much.
I got it.
Shh.
Now everybody is public service.
Let me get in here.
Let me get in here.
Do I sit right here?
Yes, sit.
Okay.
Now the microphones will be coming on in just a moment.
Okay.
Am I supposed to read this?
I don't need a rubber gun.
Your cue is coming up.
Shubbing up, please.
Watch the music.
Quiet, please.
Here it goes.
Just a moment now.
All right, fade music and, uh, lights on.
Love that tune.
Shh.
When we speak of G-men, all of us gets a picture immediately of a band of little-known,
courageous men risking their lives to defend the Tri-City area from the soft underbelly
of criminal spy saboteurs.

Well- statues, eh?
Well,
let that do it for today.
Sorry.
Federal Bureau of Droids to investigate us about little known facts concerning his work.
Yes, Mr. Announcer.
Everyone is hearing about espionage agents and saboteurs so much now, it's hard to think.
There's more.
It's hard to think that just a few years ago, no one even knew that saboteurs had agents.
Yes.
To start off with, Mr. Blank, shouldn't I have your name here?
Blunk.
Blunk.
What are some of the violations handled by the Squad, which are not as well known as the White Trash Traffic Act and the National Migratory Sponge Theft Act?
Well, for example, you, Mr. Announcer, are presently, right now, in violation of the concealed radio statute.
No.
Yes.
But...
By not broadcasting the call letters of this radio station every ten minutes, you could be jeopardizing the security of this area and my family and friends within its perimeters.
Oh, gosh, Mr. Blank.
This is exciting and serious as if it were real.
Oh, yes, yes.
Of course, this is real.
And you'll be convicted and sent to radio prison after the show is over.
No doubt, Mr. Blank.
Many of...
Oh, no doubt, Mr. Blank.
I think many of our listeners, who have traveled around extensively...
And other small towns in Arizona...
Will remember that Radio Prism is located in this particular section of extremely rugged and unusual beauty because of the pointed desert nearby and the many very colored canyons.
Yes, that's where the colored people are kept.
Mr. Blank, although we think of women as the Gentile sex, I recall that in the past you G-string G-men have been dealt from the bottom of the deck of sex with some who were not...
Not Gent-Gentle in any sense of the term.
That makes sense to me, Mr. Announcer.
Yes, a special agent was once assigned the task of taking 15% of a mannish, big-boned woman of 150 pounds who was charged with shooting a frog.
Bang, bang!
That must have been terrible, Mr. Blank.
Yes, Mr. Announcer.
You know, taking a picture of a Frenchman can have some pretty serious consequences nowadays.
I get the connection.
You bet.
Mr. Blank.



Mr. Blank.
No, no, I don't.
It's against the law, too.
Accompanied only by three dozen officers, he started down the path to the shack.
But this path was by no means easy.
No, it was guarded by two mean gridley bears.
Gridley bears who lunged, lunged horribly right toward them.
The party walked around them.
Then walked around them again.
Was she finally taken into custody?
Well, yes.
The officers entered the one-room shack.
Even then, it took two days to reach the other side.
Yes, the one-room shack was also a zeppelin holder.
Or hanger, so-called, because you could either hang the zeppelin up when you weren't using it, or you could hold on to it.
No.
Now, the special agent, he talked to the woman, stroking her gently,
describing the pleasure of a 75-mile ride.
A ride in a fast car.
Well, she went willingly, and later confidentially advised her agent
that she liked the jail very much since she was steam-heated and had to be around a lot of water.
You must be thinking of Comley Lucy Baumler,
the 39-inch secretary to Kurt Klaus Pfeffer, the Nazi spy.
I don't think I'll ever be able to stop thinking about her.
Well, Mr. Blank, Blank, I want to thank you for being here.
Yes, good morning.
You have given us...
All a new slant on the topic of Oriental girls in crime.
And it has been most interesting.
With you G-men on the job, we must sure feel that Nazi communes will surely be unsuccessful in their attempts,
however vague, to injure our area.
What's happening?
Thank you very much, gentlemen.
We'll be back once again next week with the Pet Me Eye Story,
brought to you for public service time every week at this hour.
We'll take it again.
We'll take it again.
No, we'll take it again.
It's all right.
We can take it again.
We can take it again.
Why don't we go to Top 40 now?
The gun scares the children.
Top 40.
Top 40.
Top 40.
Top 40.
A reverend staying here in the alleged year of 2021.
That was the Firesign Theater,
a recording from when even I was a baby tweenager
from their ancient radio show off the new old album collection,
called Dope Humor of the Seventies.
Findable at FiresignTheater.com.
We're doing a thing tonight that's half puzzling evidence
and half rare Firesign Theater
and half ESO Swamp Radio with Chaz Smith and Lonesome Cowboy Dave and me
and half Philodrummon following an alien around out in the desert planet somewhere.
The Murr did titles and news
and the background music here is by CyberChump.
And now,
in the future,
back to 2001 for the puzzling evidence show on KPFA Berkeley
with special regular guest stars Dr. Philodrummon,
Dr. Howell,
and hapless callers number 67 and 879.
So what if the South had won the Civil War?
What would have happened then?
Huh?
Huh?
What if the Spanish had won the Spanish-American War?
Well, if the South had won the Civil War,
we probably wouldn't have won the Civil War.


We probably wouldn't have won the Civil War.
What if the Germans had won World War VI?
Then we'd have to frat.
I think it's time to frat.
Okay.
I'm sure glad that happened.
Okay.
I want to be glad.
The thing is, the Civil War never ended.
It's still going on.
The South win.
It never started.
It started all right.
No, no, no.
It was the uncivil war that started.
There's nothing civil about that war.
Well, you got it.
That was a damnable war.
Romantic.
Yeah, but what would James Joyce have said about it?
What would Aunt Bertha have said about it?
What would...
Yeah, what would Aunt Bertha have said?
Jesus did not always stay a baby,
although I think he must have been the most adorable baby you ever saw.
Aw, Aunt Bertha.
Still, he must have been a baby,
and he grew,
just as you boys and girls have grown.
Oh, boy.
Hey, let go of me.
Oh, let me.
Let go.
It's wonderful to know that Jesus
was once a child like me
and lived on earth and worked and played
in his home in Galilee.
Wonderful, wonderful Jesus,
wonderful, wonderful Jesus,
who was once a child like me.
Wonderful, wonderful Jesus,
like him I want to be.
Before his parents could hardly believe it,
Jesus was 12 years old.
He was a fine lad.
And Luke tells us in chapter 2, verses 41 through 52,
a beautiful story about Jesus,
when he was 12 years old.
Yeah.
Was Jesus, or was Dean Moriarty Jesus?
God is in every sparrow plummeting to the ground.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, well put.
Well put.
Or is that old?
I'm sorry.
I didn't hear that one before.
Is that old or something?
It's a cross-reference with something.
It's James Joyce or somebody that's supposed to be.
His son, God Junior.
God Junior said that.
Oh, God Junior.
Oh, God Junior said that?
God sees every sparrow that falls.
Oh, see, Taz, I was just going to ask you about that.
You know, on the Easter theme.
I am kind of a nuts.
The thematic Easter theme.
Do you believe in the classical that God and Jesus is the same guy?
Or do you believe that God is, Jesus is God's kid, and therefore, but then see, it wouldn't.
I don't believe in any separation between God and any atom in the universe.
Oh, yeah.
And so therefore, it's a moot point.
Why are you asking me?
I might as well be a secular humanist, rationalist subgenius for all the difference it would make.
I'm actually a totally mystical, cosmic-minded philosopher.
I think evil came in.
But it happens to take the form of atheism.
I think the evil started when they let him stink in the tomb too long.
Yeah, well, evil started.
No, I think evil started when, because we're, you know, the remnants of a burned out star.
Ruminants.
Ruminants.
When an older star blew up.
We're ruminants like the carpet part.
Yeah, an older star blew up, made our solar system.
The shadow.
We came out of that.
Maybe in that explosion, something went wrong.
I think evil came in.
Evil was in about the same time as time.
Any explosion, something goes wrong, doesn't it?
As soon as something started to happen, some things were good and some of the things were evil.
Right.
There's your yin and yang and your potatoes right in your thumb.
You know, when you said it was, is that where evil started with the, any explosion, something can go wrong.
So perhaps if it was like Jolly and like you guys were claiming that you could hit the wall with your sperm a couple hours ago.
Remember when you were bragging about that?
Yeah.
God probably thought he could shoot his seeds across the entire planet.

You know, it's a big place.
Well, that's called the Milky Way.
Well, the fact that it created this beautiful world that we live in is the good part.
And the fact that it created this hideous world that we live in is the evil part.
It's a shiny, beautiful Milky Way world.
Hello, friends.
Yes, I'm Bernard Flapdoodle, founder and president of the Funny Name Club of America.
That's right, the Funny Name Club.
You see, many Americans don't realize the plight of that crippled member of society,
the fella or gal with the name Flapdoodle.
And that's where we come in, in the Funny Name Club of America.
At our weekly meetings, held weekly in many friendly communities,
a member of this underprivileged, yet usually highly paid minority,
has a chance to mingle with others who share his infirmity
and to gain a sense of pride and brotherhood for the achievements of his kind.
Most Americans don't realize that it was our own Robert Louis Dildo
who invented the retrievable garage door.
That Mrs. Louise Yakamoto, the well-known war heroine,
purchased 45 gas bags which still float above selected American cities,
each proudly bearing a funny name.
And while most wouldn't know the well-known Donald Duck,
what of the pain to his family and friends?
Yes, we all owe quite a debt to these brave Americans
of humorous descent.
Will any of us soon forget Adolph Schicklgruber?
We can't afford not to.
Yes, soon is quick enough for us, so send your support to a chapter near you.
Don't forget about the little ones at Christmas either.
Yes, here's our poster girl, little Tricky Schlemiel of Metro Glen, North Carolina,
to remind you that Americans with funny names are just people too.
Thank you.
I'm glad that we have warning messages on everything now.
Yeah.
There's product lia- there is no product liability anymore.
I mean, people can't be- it's a good thing we stamp it on everything now
because, you know, for a while there, lawyers were just getting rich
from people that, you know, they'd walk up, they'd hit themselves in the head with a hammer
because they didn't- couldn't aim it, and then they would sue the hammer company and win, you know?
And it's like, so now they put a- they put a label on a hammer that says,
do not hit yourself in the head with this.
And think you can get some money.
Yeah.
It all depends who wins the argument.
Oh, it definitely, certainly.
No, people that lose arguments generally don't win.
Generally.
And so, what happens?
If you find- if you find something offensive on a major label-
Unless, of course, the object was to lose.
Unless it doesn't have a label.
Yeah.
Maybe?
Yeah, if it doesn't have, like, a parental advisory label and you find something offensive on it, like,
and then you let a kid listen to it, can you then sue the major label?
A good lawyer can win the argument.
Probably could.
But, you know, it all depends how good the listener is.
I think if a kid listens to a record that's got the parental warning on it,
and then he still goes out and kills, they can sue the parents for not heeding the warning.
I'd sue negatively.
Yeah, that's what I would do.
You can always sue the parents for not being good parents, no matter what.
They're sort of like the last resort.
I mean, even if you were suing a major company,
Last resort.
and they weren't getting what you wanted, you could always sue the president of the company's parents for raising him wrong.
And then you could shake them down for a few bucks, you know.
Where do rules come from, mother?
Where do we get them?
Rules are very, very old, Bobby.
They're like stories and poems.
Men learned them before they had learned to write.
But how did the first rules get made?
You remember, Bobby,
that we read from the Bible a big poem about how Grid planned the world?
Yeah, he planned land and water and light and darkness and grass and animals and power lines.
I remember.
God planned the world so that we could depend upon it.
God made the world so that the sun and the seeds and all the power lines would obey his rules.
Did the sun and the seeds and the power lines really obey rules?
Yes, dear.
That's how farmers and scientists and policemen can know when to plant their crops
and when to expect them to blow up.
Did God make rules for people too, mother?
God did make rules for people, son,
but there's a great difference about the rules for people.
For instance, you blow pot.
Daddy and I get stinko.
The sun and the seeds do not choose.
They just obey their rules without knowing that they are obeying their rules.
And that's the way you should obey your rules, Bobby, or I'll belt you.
Can we do the stations of the cross now?
Okay, ready?
Hip, hip, hip, hip, hip.
Gotta get in line if you're gonna do them.
And remember, every time you genuflect, you wanna flip off a little prayer this way or that way.
Okay?
This way.
Let's pray this way.
Let's pray that way.
Get down on your knees and bend over.
Jesus has his face wiped by the women.
Jesus has his nose flexed by the man next door.
Is that what Jesus was doing under them when...
Jesus flares his nostrils.
Jesus cries out in pain,
Why don't you leave me alone?
Come on, Chaz, we only got seven more to go, or twelve, or whatever.
I'm sorry.
Jesus pulls his hat down tight over his eyes.
Jesus forgives the Sagittarians for plummeting his eyes.
Jesus falls for the nineteenth time.
Ow!
That's blasphemous, you guys.
Jesus takes the thorn of crowns and uses it as a fetish device on Mary Magdalene.
I am so glad I wasn't raised religious.
Jesus prepares the onion dip before...
Hey, baby.
You know, I didn't get into that.
I took some serious S&M ass-whippin' from them nuns.
I can say anything I want.
Yeah, you know, it's funny, though.
Chaz went to serious, serious schoolage.
People are always saying, Reverend Stang, what religion burned your brain?
You must really hate some religion.
Was the nuns wrapping your hands with those rulers, or what?
It's like, no, my family didn't really particularly go to church or anything.
You were a rationalist family.
Sort of, yeah.
Actually, my dad is like a lay preacher.
He knows more about the Bible than most preachers do.
So those guys just have to lay down all the time?
For that matter, I know more about the Bible than most Christians do.
But I never did know much about those rituals of the Catholics or the Presbyterians.
Actually, the Presbyterians are kind of lively.
Do they have rituals?
What are their rituals?
The tonguers are my favorite, of course.
The whaters?
The tonguers.
Those are the ones that speak in tongues.
Oh, the tonguers.
There are many different types of tonguers.
That's what the other Christian nuts who aren't quite as crazy as the tonguers call the tonguers.
Those are the folks who put the pits in the cream cheese?
I had a guy tell me about the tonguers.
He's going, they're just crazy.
They just suddenly start talking these nonsense.
They're going to go to hell.
You know, they're going to have to answer to God for that.
And then he told me about Jamaicans.
He goes, I was going to Jamaica.
You know what those men do?
They put cow dung in their hair.
They put cow dung in their hair.
And they said to me, they're going to have to answer to God.
I'm going to ask God for that.
I just see these Jamaican guys standing in front of God.
Don't you think that's kind of strange?
Explaining the cow dung in their hair.
And God goes, cool.
Yeah, I think God would love a rastaman.
And then God would go, you know what?
I already knew that because I'm you and that cow dung.
I thought John was a rastaman.
And they'll go, man, that's what I was hoping.
I was hoping that there was an answer, that it was true and good and right.
And you are me and you are the cow dung.
And we're all one.
We're all together.
Praise God.
I think I'd like to live in a world where that cow dung can not only talk and not only
make the stations of the cross, but can also dance like Carl Sbargo.
You remember that guy?
I think he had a, what are you guys on?
What are we not on?
What is it on?
It's a plane that we can all achieve by simply colding our concentration at our navels.
Simply think of the spot one inch from the end of the tip of your nose.
Now place that spot at the end of the tip of your nose down at the tip of your navel.
Hold your concentration at the end of the tip of your nose and to your navel for approximately
five minutes while not looking at your watch.
Making sure to count slowly, breathing through your ears.
One.
Breathe out through your eyes.
In through your ears.
Two.
Three.


And breath out through your eyes.
Now everything you've heard you will smell and you will see everything you've heard after
you smell it.
Now when the navel is calmed, think of the navel as the entire center of the universe.
I would like to transplant a few, a few wonderful people.
I'd be all for them tunners.
I've met here on the Moon I just saw the last couple years.

earth in my short brief stay in your world the christ a cowboy friend of mine we played wood
chips together and stocked ourselves full of the latest stockings and cooperated that's the key
word here cooperation and you i i remember you the day they nailed you to the solar helix let me in
she cried let me out he cried sex jail new from paranoid pics legs lex and polyhuman fig
are underage in sex she was trapped by her wanton way of life always wanting something
he was trapped by her a smart cookie about to be singed next listen to me together we could be a
team
just you and me together i'll kill you i love you excuse me honey i love you too
sex jail sex jail for singles only admitted in pairs don't let anyone know the awful beginning
of this terrible drama don't watch this film is rated 4x for medicinal purposes only don't watch
trans seals will be in the aisles for every performance and remember absolutely no one
will be permitted to watch this film
to leave the screening of sex
i wish there was a web van web van yeah then i could just order cigarettes
yeah well why can't you just walk out and get some web van had a problem they had
they had no margins in that business you know it's like so the words went all the way to the
edge of the page the words went to the edge of the page there weren't any red lines no
blue
red lines no
where to draw
no place to draw
make little notes
so they said okay let's let's put all this stuff in a warehouse we'll deliver it to people
and then we'll charge them more but people won't pay more the people will not enough
of them will pay more yeah that's the problem well i would be great having that right now
when web van was working it was great having them bring food to your house now you know
i always thought there would be two sets of eggs and one of them was a little bit too much
well they were a little bit too big for me so i was just trying to get them in the house

and then i had to come up with two signs if we were really in the future there would
be two signs of it you would have flying cars and you would have food replicators where
you could just push a button and the appropriate food would just be replicated not really replicated
it would be like transported from some place where the perfect food was grown none of which
was tainted by any horrible substances or illegal insecticides and things and then we
would be able to eat wonderful food for free and then we would be able to eat wonderful

food and then we would get into our flying cars and fly to our jobs where we would only
have to work one minute a week and at that time we would just push a giant bunch we would
come to work at lunch hour we would push the big button and then we would go home we
would do that once a week and they'd pay us a million dollars a minute to do that it's
like a warner brothers cartoon
bibi hi i'm the everly brothers and in our business we hear a lot of talk about drugs
The heavy message now is that speed kills.
It refers to a group of dugs called antipetamins, including Ops, Pep Pills, Math Dex, even Venies.
You've seen what speed drugs can do. They're dangerous, much too dangerous to fool around with.
To find out more about drugs, go to National Institute of Medical Health or the Adventist Box,
or to Washington, D.C. Don't get the bug, you're being a dupac!
Drop it or I'll break your arm!
And there are the plantages that grow on this horrible planet.
And there... Oh, look! There is one of the alien creatures that lives on the planet.
He's tugging at his head like it's in pain.
Ridiculous. She was terrified and now she doesn't answer the door, but her car is sitting in the garage.
She was out or in bed with the flu.
Or maybe she was abducted by aliens, for all we know.
The alien pees in the bushes.
He staggers.
His behavior is erotic and erratic.
He can't focus.
He doesn't have any колонок.
She justרїс
OH, YOU CAN SEE HIM!
at his head like it's in pain. We're lucky to have the benefit of this long-range zoom.
We can zoom in on the hideous, hideous, foul demon that he is, like some movie, horrible,
horrible movie creature. There he is, just sort of walking. Yeah, I think they walk,
and then they creep, creepily creeping away.
What? An ID? Who is that? He wants my ID! Somebody came in the room here and asked for my ID.
Peter Paul Bergman, ER, EOR, EOR now. Come on, come on, Mr. X. Come on, Citizen X. You want me to
say the letters of this station? Yeah, you know what they are. All of my literary life,
if I might have just a moment to speak.
Citizen X.
This is the city. Wait, what? No, I'm sorry. Well, don't talk over my intro music. I'm sorry.
Well, the show's gone for this week. Okay, everybody go home. All the criminals will get
loose this week, Ted. Why don't you go back to that used car?
Car lot in San Francisco, you bum. Giant snake. I'll hire, I'll hire Harry, what's that guy? I can't
remember. Harry Cobra. Yeah. Harry Von Zell. I had some great camera angles planned for this week's
show, too. You did? We were going to shoot up through a glass table. Yeah? Yeah, we were going
to do a couple of shots shooting directly down through a rotating fan. No, no. Yeah, it was
going to be another great issue of Dragnet, and you messed it all up. Oh, you weren't going to
have a shot of him sitting in a white shirt in a slightly overstuffed chair in a hunting lodge
waiting for the lemon duck.
I remember that. I can't forget it. Dragnet finally no longer scared me when they were sitting
there. When do you think the duck's going to be ready? I don't know. When do you think the duck's
going to be shot? I don't know. What are we going to do sitting here in a hunting lodge? Two cops,
what are we going to do? No, they were in Ed's apartment or whoever his partner is, Harry.
That's right, Harry. When do you think, when's the duck ready, Harry? Well, I don't know. Joe.
Yeah. Joe Friday? Yeah, Joe Friday.
I don't know, Joe. Well, I don't know. My wife, my wife gave me this recipe over here. Let me take
a look. Oh, you better take a look now. They, they do it like. Hey, Joe. You better take a look now.
Yeah. Hey, Joe. Yeah, Harry. I took a look at the recipe. Yeah, so you took a look at the recipe.
You know what it says, Joe? Well, no. What does it say, Harry? It says we got to wait another hour.
But with the power of negative art, we can capture this alien in his negative and yet
natural habitat. See, it dines off the bushes over there. Keeps yanking at his head like he's in pain.
He's suffering. He's crying. His head is shrinking. He's in pain. He can't stand living another second.
He must.
Kill himself to relieve himself of such horrible, horrible pain and agony.
People thought negative art was just a trend.
But then it braced back with all the vengeance of shadow mastery.
I thought I would be able to find my way home.
But now it seems I'm just wandering.
Is that a real you or is that like a space suit?
And you're inside someplace, maybe just your brain, a little jar or something like that.
Here it is straight. One of the scientists in the last polar test claims he saw a monster.
Don't look at me like that. These scientists claim that this monster, beast, whatever it is,
it's a prehistoric thing. And if you laugh, I'll bring you. It's romping somewhere around the North Atlantic.
A monster. How can she love a monster?
Let's get that through your head. You dried up monster.
We've been hearing the sexual stuff for years. You know, the five day orgasm.
It all happens without physical.
Contact. It's only the beginning.
Why should this reality be public domain?
What's so great about it? Maybe, maybe they gave you some drugs.
Maybe none of this is real at all.
He's going into shock.
Yeah, I don't think about it.
I'll show.
Maybe this is not giving me a little bit more.
You lower down those plastic curtains.
You can't tell what we are.
What is it?
Lower ourselves into the caller's brain.
Okay, speak now or forever hold the little pieces that are left.
Oh, your shattered heart.
My pain.
On the surface in casual conversation.
Yes, that is all.
Great.
Nice.
People just seem like normal.
Got to trade me the rest of it.
He just said, Anna, they made us.
Dangerous.
Sure, we can trade the whole show for a couple of minutes.
Absolutely.
We've done it before.
I'm giving you great.
Thanks for the input.
Yeah, we have to put it in somewhere.
Oh, I'll be here.
The doctors taught me a lot about dealing with.
Tension.
Yeah, here we go.
No, not tens.
Are you?
Much better.
Now I can see that you really are a clever.
Well, be sure and be with us again next week when we'll be back with Book Corner once again.
Boy, that just went so fast.
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, oh, no, wait a minute, fellas.
Jocko the clocko says it's only.
45 minutes into the show.
We must have been in a time warp again.
Yeah, I guess so.
Gee, Rocket Rabbit, what are we going to do?
I just looked here at the script and it said that acceleration equals 16 GT squared.
And I just thought.
What does that mean?
Well, I don't know.
I just thought that ever since.
Ever since I was in high school, I was always told that you can accelerate faster, you know, or you can go farther.
How about some?
I got some some whiteys.
Give me those whiteys and I'll tell you about old law.
OK.
You want some blackies?
I got a couple of blackies.
Give me a couple of those black.
Would take you down a little bit.
Yeah.
How about some yellows?
Just a couple of yellows.
Yellows.
OK, here we go.
A bunch of Chicano.
OK, man.
All right.
Have some brownies.
I have some brownies, too.
What?
I always.
Uh, I, uh, I, uh, that's good.
Good drugs.
OK, now with us today is an expert on drug abuse.
Peter Keshner.
Peter.
Peter has been an expert on drug abuse for many years.
He was with the Drug Abuse Council in Cincinnati.
He's taken more drugs than any police officer you think in the world.
Mr. Keshner, can you tell us about.
Oh, my golly.
This is one of the most amazing things I've ever seen.
Do you always wear that hat, Mr. Keshner?
That's, I think you'd call that far out, right?
OK, now as a police officer.
Oh, no!
Well, OK, in your police work, Mr. Keshner.
Well, as a narcotics control officer.
I'm a so big girl, I don't want to.
I'm a.
I think we better take a break for the news.
OK, let's take a break for the news.
From PR News in Washington, I'm expected to run out of money today as part of a stopgap
measure.
You could start to feel the, um, you could hear like, like a wooden beam just, um, trying
to avoid a void.
A quarter of a percent.
Thirty percent.
Hundred and forty percent.
Two hundred percent.
Seventy thousand percent.
A million and a half percent.
The UN High Commissioner for Refugees have died of cholera.
The UN says this is the mass of PR news in Washington.
And there he goes, doomed to an existence of pain and sorrow and suffering.
One in which those are just regular feelings.
One that the common alien has to experience.
And he sees it.

And he sees them as fun.
In fact, if he were to experience fun, it would seem like pain to him.
And there he is with his hideous, hideous, foul, fetid, smelly face and foul body fungus
and hideous excretions and ejecta, vomitoid, rhum spascacantashahai.
And he falls backwards into the void.



The mists of hideosity and ludicrosity from which he, the spawn of evil pain and suffering,
damnation and horror, comes forth in never before revealed, springtacular, negatvergochart,
negative art.
Yes, negative art.
It's a new art form sweeping the nation.
Only two people have mastered it so far.
Huzzling every single one of us.




And there, the hideous alien is trying to shield himself from our nonstop, relentless
camera.
Our camera cannot stop shooting and killing the alien.
That's what makes him hurt.
See him grabbing his ears in pain, suffering, suffering and crying, crying.
Oh, we've lost contact with the alien.
Lost contact.
Just a second.
Ad-lib, improvised lines, generally used to fill in a gap or at the end of exit speeches
to carry the actor completely off stage.
Hello, Clayton Rumjey!
Clayton Rumjey!
Clayton Rumjey!
Here it is!
Cheers, here it is.
That's it, here guys.
Just settle down, guys.
I got this new telephone.
I'd like to try it out here, if you don't mind.
Sure.
Just plug it in the wall.
Thank you very much.
Ad-lib, improvised lines, generally used to fill in a gap or at the end of exit speeches
to carry the actor completely off stage.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

I can't hear you saying you're so off stage.
All right.
Is Dick there?
Sure, I can wait.
Do you have anything?
Hello?
Hello, Dick.
Yeah, listen, I'm back.
It's Clayton.
Thank you.
And I got some very good news for you, Dickie.
Yeah, I was able to go through with the initial planning.
They're all behind us.
They don't have anything down there.
No, no.
We'll probably be able to set them up with all sorts of, you know, signs and things.
Would you like that?
Yeah.







You know, we don't have to go through with the initial planning.
We'll probably get them up with the initial planning.
Yeah.
We'll probably get them up with the initial planning.
All right.
Thank you.
And, listen, the only trouble is in the copyrights.
Liggett & Myers has a copyright to the one we were trying to get.
The others I think we can get ahold of without any trouble.
And we'll be able to spring it on the unsuspecting public as soon as we can brainwash them into
believing it won't hurt them.
Now, I know that there's a lot of hard work in this.
Uh-huh.
And, you know, Earl has been working...
He's been on the golf course.
Is he?
He hit who in the back of the head?
With a golf ball?
Dickie, Trish is on the cocaine.
What are we going to do?
Fantastic.
Listen, also, there's some stuff that I think we should look into because somebody put some
of it in an olive that I had in a martini recently.
And it had an interesting effect which I think could push the American public right into
the 70s.
Uh-huh.
So we ought to look into bottling it.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
It's the stuff that your daughter took the night of the big ball.
Remember?
She danced circles around everybody.
Son of a gun.
We didn't think she'd ever drop.
But she did.
Okay, Dickie, look.
I got to get off now because the phone is running out.
And I'll talk to you next week.
I'm going to go down there again and see if I can't put something together.
This is Clayton Rumcake over and out.
Well, it's nice to see you.


See you next time.
Bye.
The creature will emerge from the horror and the suffering that he viruses.
And this Barbara world in which the suffering souls of an agony feed off of the horror and
the pain in every living creature around, it's so bad.
People hated.
They thought about making it happen.


I was making a law against this world, but I didn't know how to get to it.
And now here you are, through the scientific advancement of negative heart.
You can now see this hideous creature. Oh my god, he's coming closer.
Oh, oh, oh no!
I'll change the story in a bunch of hurry if you don't mind.
Star Day. One million forgotten BC.
Monsters.
Captain's Lord. Monsters have taken over the interface once again.
And I and Mr. Spook are helpless to do anything about it.
Visitors are requested not to throw coffee into the basin.
Irritating, Captain. The sensors have eliminated all the blue passages from my sex novel.
Still poking that big nose of yours into things that don't concern you?
You play Lieutenant Uhuru.
I fail to see what the size of my nose has to do with the problem that we are facing.
What are you doing?
You can be like the queen on Sex Planet.
What is it about my nose that makes you constantly comment on its prodigious size?
I forget. You know, I never did watch Star Trek, so I don't know all the different characters.
What is it about my nose that constantly brings great attention to the Earth?
Blast you, Spook. You know that your nose is in front to all decent Earth men?
Weird. I'm picking up late.
That's what you keep telling me.
Are you out of your Vulcan mind, Spook?
Oh, I get it.
He doesn't have a mind, right? Is that the joke?
A mind is a terrible thing to waste.
When the baby is done drinking, it must be unscrewed and laid in a cool place under a tap if the baby does not die of the stroke it should be.
Boiled.
You know, I'm sorry. I think I just sat on the racist peanut butter cups.
You did that on purpose. I saw you.
Just so I could have them all.
I think you filled the racist peanut butter cups.
Oh, he figured out my fault.
All right, all right. Yeah, you know, like...
To boldly split infinitives where no one has done that before.
Wow.
To see what's on the bottom.
The final frontier.
And then a bunch of old, frappy stars pretending to go like this.
These are the voyages of the starship KPFA.
Its continuing mission. To boldly explore.
To smash up the entire...
Break everything.
The bottom is erupting.
The entire studio.
That's the monster that comes out and attacks the whole ship.
Oh, some monster did that.
Every week. Every week.
What kind of ship is that?
Every week there's a Kirk out.
It's a beautiful ship.
The ship pitches and rolls. Everyone falls out of his seat.
Here's a harder one.
Puzzling evidence from KPFA Berkeley.
Before that, lots of rare fire sign theater and ESO Swamp Radio merged with Hour of Slack from WCSB Cleveland year 2001.
But now, some historical news.
Historical material and a short clip from Sandy Boone's award-winning feature-length documentary film,
J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius.
On the origins of the Book of the Subgenius.
Voices heard include Dr. Philo Drummond,
Hel Swamy Satellite Weavers, also known as John Hagenbrenner,
Dr. Hal Robbins, Penn Jillette, Nick Oberman, Paul Mavridis.
This movie is streaming nationally on numerous outlets, all listed at dobbstown.org.
My sister-in-law, she had moved to New York and was in the publishing business.
She went to a picnic with a bunch of other people in the publishing business,
and a young man named Tim McGinnis, who was a brand new editor at McGraw-Hill,
found this smudged pamphlet on the floor of her car.
He goes, where'd this come from?
She goes, that was my crazy brother-in-law.
He and his buddy did this.
He goes, I want to get in touch with him and tell him to get an agent.
Next thing we knew, Simon & Schuster, McGraw-Hill, and Macmillan
were all bidding on the Book of the Subgenius,
which caused the asking price to go up to $20,000.
That was enough to pay Paul Mavridis and John Hagenbrenner to do professional design on it.
Doug brought in hand-scrawled manuscripts,
and, uh, uh,
you know,
packets of clip art and stuff that he wanted included.
So, you know, I'd take a chapter and I'd, I'd paste it up.
I'd generate some original material.
John's style was perfect because it kind of matched the clip art.
When McGraw-Hill first released it,
some places we could find it in the religion section,
and I thought that was a huge win.
We got a contract for a book,
we got it in the stores,
and it's in the religion section instead of the comedy section.
It's not next to Doonesbury, it's next to the Bible and stuff.
People go,
man, I barely made it through high school,
but I stumbled upon your book,
and I realized I'm not the only one.
I got that book,
I read it beginning to end,
I absorbed that book,
I adored that book,
I loved that book.
They kept me with,
I get this, I get this, I get this,
I understand it, this is directly from my heart.
What the fuck are they talking about?
I have no idea what this is.
This is the word of Almighty Bob!
It's the roadmap!
There is no other book like this book!
There is no other word like this word!
It was these older, wiser miscreants
letting us know that indeed,
all of these human-made organizational systems
are as flawed as you suspect,
because they're made by us.
I was thinking it would be fun to have the
Celebrity Square thing,
the subject be esoteric subgenius concepts,
so like the story of Bob being shot
could be part of that.
Well, so many things could be.
That's a great idea, because it's
mining the ancient depths of subgenius,
some of the origination myths,
rather than these newer church things.
But they would be brought out in a playful,
fundamental way.
And we could really dig,
as I do sometimes when I find these books,
and listen to some of the old jokes
of the old church,
and I think they're just fun to dig up again.
That was P. Bicker Flemouth
and the Cajun Country Band.
And I just want to throw in some of the old jokes
so people know there was a little old church,
and these little guys limped around
the little campfire at night,
and did their religious thing,
and said, as people always do universally,
it was better back then,
because you know folks, it was better back then.
Sure it was.
No matter who you were, or where you were in history,
it was always better back then.
Because there was more youth,
and less withering from time,
being blasted by grief and ill usage.
So now let the myrmidons of chicken
infuse energy into the show,
while we, the elder archons,
simply lap up the cream provided on the occasion
by the cremettes and other performing groups.
They are also referred to as
Naked Fire Goddesses by Chicken.
I don't know what the deal is there.
Who cares?
He's claiming that that...
They'll just fit in just fine
to the subgenius mythology
of saucers and pleasure guides and...
All that stuff.
All that stuff that they pay ten bucks to come see.
That's right.
Dinosaurs of slack.
All your favorites doing all the same things
over and over again.
That's thirteen bucks.
That's Jesus at subgenius.com.
If you want to know about salvation
or your two hundred and seventy-five dollars,
it's Jesus at subgenius.com.
Yeah, it's not Chaz.
It's ESO Radio.
Thou shalt not scratch his grab-your-shoes-from-swing.
Thou shalt not skid in his fury of the world.
It's you, it's you and me, you and Zoro, Bob, Don.
In between you and Bob.
You don't need the intermediary of a preacher.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
You don't need a preacher.
You just need Bob.
You don't need Reverend Stack.
You don't need Ken Schilling.
You don't need the bank.
You don't need the ambulance.
You don't need the antidote.
You only need one thing, that's Bob.
And a little frop, probably.
And, uh...
When God come back on...
On a happy Easter's day,
and it carries a lace around the flowers,
and everybody pukes on his head...
He's still talking over there.
Ivan Stan can talk forever.
Yeah, he's speechifying and preachifying,
bringing the word to the bed-night at Ethan's.
I want you to check a box next to each one of these
that's a true statement.
Let's go get fresh eggs, ham and bacon.
A true statement.
I salivate at the sight of mittens, true or false.
Garlic and, uh...
My father was a good woman, true or false.
A little salsa in there.
My mother dresses me funny, true or false.
I believe in an afterbirth, true or false.
This is a subgenius quiz.
I often lie to make myself obnoxious, true or false.
I prefer spiders to lima beans.
Spiders?
Digitally?
Think you're most older when you're a kid?
I'm pretty dead, John.
Often I think I am a special agent.
I can talk forever, but shan't.
And all there is left for you to know is at subgenius.com
and much of it's right there on the home page.
And now, a word from our sponsor.
The preceding portion of this program was brought to you by Schleicher beer.
Remember, Schleicher beer is better than Nordlander.
Either that or if I really get serious,
I can put on two hours of people listening to shows.
Yeah, people listening.
Just people listening to radio.
Sure, yeah.
People.
Two hours.
People, yeah.
It's easy for you to say.
Did they say that?
Putting people, people listening on.
Putting people.
Putting people first.
If you put people listening on, nobody, I mean, it's going to be kind of boring.
People are just going to be listening to people listening.
Well, like Dear Friends.
And it's sort of like.
I think, yeah, it was on the Pacific Island.
Like right now.
Dear Friends, which is just what we're doing right now.
In the Pacific Ocean.
And I believe Gary listened to the original.
Fire Science Theater doing just yakking.
About listening.
Yeah.
And about listening.
About all the stuff we do.
It's interesting to think about listening to someone listening.
It's sort of like thinking about thinking in one way, you know.
It is.
In one way, yeah.
In one way it is.
In the fact that it's.
It is in one way.
In another way, it's absolutely unrelated.
It's sort of like.
It's stupid to even think about it.
And another way.
It's stupid to think about it.

Well, it's stupid to think about it.
How can you even waste time.
A lot of stupid.
Thinking about them being related.
It's stupid.
Why would you do that with your life?
Stupid.
Don't be so stupid.
To think they were related.
That's coming up, isn't it?
St. Stupids Day.
Well, not for some time.
Yeah.
Why that's in April I don't know.
Hey, Hal, I can dream my dream.
Hey, everything's coming up.
Yeah.
Yeah.









