I know you don't have time to talk to your plants. Don't worry. You can go on about your business, whether that's to class or the office, or fixing dinner, or making love. They'll listen to the self-genius, our old swag.
Let's begin.
We're rolling. This is the good one. Take five.
Most folks have heard about it.
All right, that's good, Bob.
That's why folks call it finger.
That's why folks call it finger.
Sounds good, Bob.
That's why folks call it.
The self-genius.
Our old swag.
Swag.
Perfect.
The self-genius.
Our old swag.
Oh, that's not true.
Tonight, radio's distinguished series dedicated to man's imagination.
The self-genius.
Our old swag.
The self-genius.

It's our way of acknowledging our American heroes.
That's what you say.
We say you could act like a jackrabbit with frazzled nerves and a heart pounding like a trip hammer.
You gotta keep jumping.
You gotta keep punching.
Punch.
Punch.
Punch that grandfather.
Ugh.
Ugh.
The victim can stand only so much abuse.
The victim can stand only so much abuse.
The victim can stand only so much abuse.
Too many people die because they couldn't live.
The grandfather's journey is ending.

He swam from the Pacific Ocean all the way up to Mount Fuji.
That's impossible, isn't it?

This is beyond our present knowledge or understanding.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?






Bob?

What are you talking about?
Yes dear friend.
This is the hour offfata ghosts.
And this is the hour offlata.
Yes, dear friends, and we barely made it to 1,000 hours of slack, but that's what this is.
We just barely made it because when we jumped into the new I-Van to drive down here to the station for the most important show ever since the first one on October of 1985 in Dallas, the car wouldn't start.
A dead battery, friends, with about half an hour until showtime.
But luckily our jumper cables and the WeMobile exist together with the I-Van in the same dimension, and thus here we are just in time for the world to end and to read and play.
All the submissions from our beloved listeners, contributors, and supporters.
And so, dear friends, with this new El Queso All-Stars intro music,
we'll be listening to the commemorative commentations on this, our 1,000th hour.
Now we introduce you to the host with the most Jesus-shamanically Marvin with a side of toes,
like a psychic Burt Reynolds jumping his car through your neighbor's curly hair spreading slack everywhere.
That's me, dear friends.
And this is the hour of slack.
And this is the hour of slack.
But this is the hour of slack.
And Dave and we are here to...
We don't...
Oh, now we have some head fuzz.
Lay your hands on the radio.
Lay your hands on the radio band at home, and we're gonna look to God.
1,000.
1,000.
1,000.
1,000.
1,000.
1,000.
1,000.
1,000.
1,000.
1,000.
1,000.
1,000.
Stop all the way.
The hour of slack.
That marvelous fleeting interlude,
like the moment between each wave and a mighty ocean,
where everything is suspended,
every string of the conspiracy's powered neatly nipped away
by its unique shearin' vibrations.
allowing you to drift and float in the flippity-floppity-zing-zang of Slack.
Ah, how sad that there can only be one a week.
But nay, no, that is not so.
For all these 1,000 hours of Slack have been carefully and dutifully recorded
by our obedient sacred scribe, number 273,
and can be gotten in so many different ways.
Read up in subgenius.com for the many and sundry ways.
Why, you could listen to nothing but the hour of Slack if that was your desire.
The hour of Slack.
A confounding yet cunning confluence of fractious fragments of brilliant madness
woven together weekly for 19 years
by a word wrangler the likes of which, well, there are no likes of which.
Bob inspires crazily talented artistes of every kind you never heard of
to spring forth with endless precious audio offerings of puzzling wonder.
And Reverend Stang has been queuing it up for all of us all of these years.
Purely for the glorifying and pious preservation of it all.
And for our listening pleasure,
creating an easily attainable, soothing form
of Slack.
The hour of Slack.
1,000 hours of Slack.
Listened to continuously.
One show on the heels of another.
That would be a little more than 41 and a half solid days of audio Slack.
What would that do?
A thought that gives one pause.
Perhaps there will be a radio marathon and someone actually will do this.
Of course, maintaining a 19...
year continuous archive of this weekly show would be no small feat.
But 41 days of Slack is, at the very least, conceivable.
The hour of Slack.
Where everybody is a star, no matter who you are.
Whether from near or whether far.
Everybody is a star.
And we're packaged, processed stars.
Our nobody.
The hour of Slack.
Each week I hear my beloved Stang in his sacred studio above lovingly whittling the profanity
from the flagrant flowings of the preachers, plucking the unallowable from what would otherwise
never be heard.
I hear the ceaseless tinkerings of sound as he hones the show into the slippery seal of
cosmic cacophony that it is.
Truly a labor of love.
The hour of Slack.
Here's to the next thousand hours.
May they be as rapturous and rambunctious as the first thou.
Nay, may X day come and then all of the hours we live will become...
Hours of Slack.
This is Pat Paulson.
I just want to say that I endorse Bob as my running coach.














mate in this year's election.
And this is the hour of slack in Dallas,
Texas. You know, I know where that is.
The hour of slack has brought
lymph node, pleasure, joy,
sex, sex hurt, sex dirt,
excremeditation, hours and hours
with a chick, hermaphroditic
frogs, stinky,
stank, stench, psychic readings
from all of my best
psychic friends. By watching bad television
with the sound turned off and the hour of slack
on loudly, terrible earthy
smells on my index and middle
fingers, terrible paranoia,
the soundtrack to a psychotic breakdown,
bunions, canyons,
and funnies, the night sweats,
grunting reddies,
tantalizing powerfully religions,
the grievous geese
versus robots, and monkeys
versus robots. More slack
than I can shake his dick at.
And all for the price
of my mortal soul.
Or triple my money back.
Thanks, Bob.
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay,
ay, ay, ay, ay, ay,
ay, ay, ay.
Oh, damn. Thanks, Ivan.
At last I have control of your radio tubes.
Uh, and I do too.
Good. This is Ren Huat.
And this is Stimson J. Catt of the Ren and Stimpy Show.
And you're listening to
the hour of slack.
Keep listening, you idiots.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Else I shall...
Kill you!
Ah, the hour of slack.
All I can say is thank Dobbs,
we've got it.
It was the reliable, cheap laughs
that made me first tune in, but
I soon found out that it was
so much more than just a radio show.
In between the gut-splitting
yawks were solid nuggets
of bright subgenius wisdom
to which I clung like an ant
hanging desperately onto a floating
matchstick in a clogged,
overflowing, stinking,
crapper.
Oh, with this silly little dog
and prairie squid show,
Stang has taught the Yeti sport
to blow it out our ass.
He gave us the recipe to take
the environmental psycho-venom
of normal life, top it with
our own spew, and hurl that
toxic pie right back into the
face of the con.
And for a thousand times out of the gate,
he has fulfilled his insidious
agenda of keeping
the Einsteins alive.
And every week when we hear that
agglomeration of ranting voices
echoing through the ether,
we know with unassailable
certainty that we are
not alone.
And I, for one,
can't thank him enough
for it.
Try getting a laugh out of him after that,
you Dallas street mime.
Friends,
is your day-to-day ridiculous existence
existence at the hands of squealing
self-important normals wearing out your stink
dirt? Has the endless stream of
Guero, Pander, and Pablum on your TV set
contaminated your precious bodily fluids?
Well, stew no longer in your own bile
because the Church of the Subgenius brings you
the hour of slack self-improvement
course. This series of 1,000
cassettes and compact discs will allow you to
maximize your abnormality potential, eliminating
wasteful guilt from your life and changing you
into a spinning, rampaging example of self-actualization
at the expense of the normie
worms who ruled your life while you
were away.
Let's just see what a few happy users of the
hour of slack self-improvement course have to say.
My brain looks sort of like a smoker's lung.
It's not healthy for the children.
Would you like another lucky stroke?
Don't cry!
All this can be
yours today. Just send $13,013
to the hour of slack
self-improvement course.
www.subgenius.com
www.subgenius.com
www.subgenius.com
www.subgenius.com
This is Bugsy
from the Lymphsode Institute in Atlanta.
For the first time I heard the hour of slack
like many was on ass
and trying to drive a car.
Later, while building a large mural out of waffles,
the individual, the waffle holes
became pixels and the sear
dripped to make Bob's hair
and with the insertion of
what I'll call a pipe, but was really more
of an elephant's house.
I said, Bob, and Bob turned to me and said
nothing, because he was really
made of waffles, but thank you Ivan.
I've enjoyed the hour of slack for these many years
and I hope to come for years.
This is Doc from the Lymphnode Institute
and the first time I encountered the hour of slack
I smelled like pizza
and I was looking at God
and realized that he had a pipe in his mouth
and I became intensely panicked
and realized that I must
surrender to this force
or it would surely kill me
and that's when I knew
I was listening to the hour of slack
on WREK Atlanta.
I like Sheen Ross Buddhism
because it's the world's
kindest religion.
It's a branch of Amida Buddhism.
Amida was the Buddha of boundless compassion
who refused to enter Nirvana
until all sentient beings could enter with him.
So the teaching arose that if you called on him
in Japanese, the name is
Namu Amida Butsu
in the name of Amida Buddha,
with true faith you will eventually,
no matter how many incarnations it takes,
you'll eventually get rid of all the negativity
and become pure, enlightened.
And Sheen Ron was a reformer who said
that's asking too much of people.
Some people are just not capable of true faith.
They have a constantly skeptical and questioning mind.
They should not be banned from release.
He taught that if you say Namu Amida Butsu
whether you believe in it or not, it will work.
I like that.
That's my idea of a religion
that doesn't give anybody a bum trip.
Most religions seem to concentrate
on putting people on bum trips, you know.
That's the only religion in the world I know
that never puts you on a bum trip.
If you've said it just once,
and I've said it three times I think in the last,
Namu Amida Butsu,
I guarantee, he's like a finance company in reverse.
He wants to give you something for nothing.
How can you reject a short-term, interim savior like that?
His only real competition is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Hello brothers and sisters in Slack.
This is Reverend Salatia.
And I tune into the Hour of Slack every week,
mostly just to hear Reverend Stang say,
Ah, yes.
Dear friends.
But in addition to that,
I also like to subscribe to the show
because every shit and fuck are sacred in this church,
and to not have those included in my Hour of Slack
just doesn't get me there, you know what I mean?
Bob.
Bob Bob.
Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob.
Bob Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob.
Bob Bob Bob.
Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob.
Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob.
For over twenty years,
a bastion of idiocy,
a bastion of,
what is that, wax, behind your head?
A bastion of brainiacs.
Oh, I see what it is.
It's a little device.
I thought it was a piece of candle wax stuck there by some errant being.
Oh, yes.
Well, we're going to break here for a minute.
There's actually more of those recorded commentations from the Cabbage Gallery.
We heard there, we actually, the last person we heard from just before Reverend Salacia was Robert Anton Wilson, Pope Bob.
We heard Doc Ellis, O. Rex, Reverend Susie the Flusie, Ren and Stimpy.
Lymph Note Institute, St. Pat Paulson, Princess We Are Doe, Norrell Preff, more and all of everything.
Father Guido Sarducci coming up, actually, and Dr. Timothy Leary.
But we have letters here, friends, from people who have, oh, an ego plum did the music behind Princess We.
I should mention that.
We used to play a lot of ego plum.
We've got, our egos are very plum, aren't they?
Your ego is like.
Like a big fleshy vegetable that can be plucked off of some sort of two-toed tree that wanders hither and yon, spreading lies and innuendo for 20 years.
For 25 years.
Saturating the airwaves with Piskama and Wendabar.
Another, with collusion.
Collusion with the powers that aren't and confusion with J.R. Slon Dodds.
I mean, the king, the god, the godman, man.
The man with the.
Get with it, dude.
Twisted DNA.
Man, woman, man, man, woman.
Into more rubber band-like shakes than anyone could imagine.
I want to, I want to read, as we promised, I'm going to read some, we're all going to read some of the mail that came in when we asked for commentations on the hour of a thousand slacks.
And this fellow here, this is, we don't know this person, nor is he employed by our members.
Jared, Jared, the lone Yeti in Canada says,
I just have to thank, congratulate, and praise you all on the 1,000 episode.
I found out about the church when I downloaded and listened to a Frank Zappa interview with Larry King.
They mentioned the church for that interview, and the rest is history.
I looked up subgenius on the web and found my new faith.
I can't begin to explain how much.
Heck, the church brings me in a day.
I was unemployed when Bob found me, and wasting away in a slump of bad pills and bad sex.
I have since then found a new job where I use Bob's teachings daily.
My job is to motivate and teach people how to sell, and we are selling some total crap.
And praise Bob, without forcing and trying, I'm making all these pink boys selling.
And into it, and I can get the best results out of my peers.
I am fooling those pink boys into thinking I am some sales guru.
And all praise due to Bob and the Haas.
Hour of Slack.
Hail the Hour of Slack.
I want to touch and feel every episode until Wotan takes me away, or the exists come for us.
Well, that is quite a fine alacrity, a piece of abnormal growth that is coming right out of the side of you again.
Very much so.
I mean, within your own sight, of course.
But this man that, is it a woman, or is it a, what is it that sent this letter in?
That you just read?
Oh, that, I won't make it.
I won't make it.
We know only that it was a Yeti.
Only as a Yeti.
Okay, shall I read this letter from Ree Stang?
You asked for our comments at the end of the Hour of Slack.
I didn't know, is the Hour of Slack ending?
Oh, anyway, okay.
No, no, it's not.
Oh, yeah.
Ree Stang.

You asked for our comments at the end of the Hour of Slack.
I joined the church a few years ago after I knew who I was.
No, I'm sorry.
After I knew what it was.
But it was clear Bob was TikTok-ing me, talking to me like art through Devo whenever I was asleep or in a cabin.
I'm not going to give away my age or how old I am right now.
I'll wait until later.
We need Bob now more than ever.
Mark Mothersbaugh once said that he's an enema for a constipated society.
I'm alarmed at the use and the, well, the lack of use and the care of the conspiracy religion are destroying our planet.
Those exes can't arrive one minute too soon.
I believe the exeans, he calls them the exeans, not the exes.
Oh, that might mean Christians.
That might be shortened.
Yeah, that's the way we shorten, like in Xmas.
The wearers of the crossed hockey shoes.
The stick stand to particularly procreate at a deliberately slow rate using only the germs and the vibration method ordained by the Church of Gnome.
I guess they're talking about the Eskimos again.
I hope I'm not reading this wrong.
Our ardor grows stronger with each glimpse at his naked thighs.
Bob, although we know he's a plastered, white-faced mannequin, is more than an icon.
But we're all going to have a last laugh when the saucers come from planet X.
He thinks they're coming from planet X.
That's so cute.
Coming from planet X.
They are.
Well, in a fashion, they're coming from there.
There's no location involved in this evacuation.
Right. That's what the news media calls it.
Just clear in this place and you're going to be a part of it if you want to.
Anyway, can you dig it?
In case the saucers and the Church don't have any new address since I moved,
they'll be moved from, shall I say, the state or could he be found there?
Move from pessimania...
Pessimism...
Here it is.
Deranged X-Barq, 23-1 Hogan Avenue.
No, you don't need to give the entire...
No, we can move on.
New Halcyon and...
We can move on to the next one there.
Yes! Let's move on to the next one.
He's getting clogged up in the internet jargon there.
Anyway, keep it up.
I guess they're talking about the erectile dysfunction problem there.
Keep it up and keep it happening.
He said it. Close it.
And now, here's a letter from Reverend Yukon Jack of WICA in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
All right.
Oh, this is a touching one.
He says he first heard the word of Bob in December of 1986,
when my friend Charles in Garland, Texas, started sending me tapes of the Hour of Slack from KNON.
That's garlic tennis.
I started broadcasting it on my station in Pasadena every Sunday afternoon.
I began tape correspondence with the Reverend Eris Pagana in summer 1991.
After gaining inspiration from the shows,
I began sending them to...
She saw the wisdom of Bob,
and for a brief time, she aired them on WMSE,
a local college station in Milwaukee.
Bob then brought me and Eris together in 1996,
and the broadcasts on WICA began and continue to this day.
Eris and I shared several great times at X-Day Drills in Brushwood,
where we ran WBOB radio.
At the drill,
in 2000,
Bob brought Eris and Reverend DJ together,
and they were married by the Reverend Stang himself in May 2002.
Although Eris is no longer on this plane,
I know that she has achieved eternal slack with Bob and Connie.
Bob helped all three of us realize our life's long-term dreams.
It can surely be said that anything is possible with Bob.
Have mercy and praise Bob and hail Connie!
Oh, yes, yes.
It's amazing that these people who have donated so much of their extra sweat
and any other glandular juices they can create...
People, yeah, people, sure.
That's right.
I was just going to say, are they as such,
or are they just perhaps a projection of you know what?
But, you know, they do sweat,
and they put a lot of it into sending their feelings, their thoughts, their doubts...
I can whiff it.
Perhaps...
I can whiff it from here.
You've been down with it for at least four...
I've been whiffing it.
And you've been indeed without it for quite some time.
Anyway...
Okay.
Oh, that's enough of these letters.
Let's skip over to these.
We'll come back to the letters in a minute.
We'll go back to the tapes.
I believe this is the hideous, deformed Artemia Salina.
I'd just like to thank her for vibrating so hard.
That's all.
Slimy peck.
Oh, there we go.
Okay.
Hello, Reverend Stang and listeners of Hour of Slack.
This is Artemia Salina.
I just wanted to say congratulations on your 1,000th show.
And to those who have been listening since...
the first show, I wish you a swift recovery.
And now a word of explanation about my voice,
which some of you may have found to be a bit unusual.
You see, several years ago, I was involved in an unfortunate accident
in which a large quantity of hydrocarboplast-geoclase acid
was spilled into a container of sulfurodiglaic dimethylhydrobromocrustoside.
The combination of these two otherwise inert chemicals caused a reaction,
which was quite violent indeed.
Though I am a man of science, the accident not only destroyed my voice books,
but it also damaged the part of my brain that makes me want to seek qualified medical attention.
Instead I sought the services of Dr. Newmonet, who has a recurring advert
from the local bargain hunter's periodical.
Dr. Newmonet offered to cobble together a cheaply made electronic voice books for me,
in exchange for my eternal soul and the cost of materials.
This offer was too irresistible to refuse,
and too expensive.
To this day it is my only means of audible speech.
Once again however, I wish to extend my congratulations
to you for not fucking burning out after all this time.
Bob?
Hello Bob, this is Father Guido Saraducci,
formerly Pope Maurice of the People's Catholic Church,
and all of my fellow popes from the People's Catholic Church.
Salute to the Church of the Sabbath Genius.
Carry on.
The hour of life will ha-
over your own eyes
so that if you expected the hour of life
your mind would be on a-
slide
so that you never shut
the hour of slack
is a deadly danger
so that it's absolutely
un-
getting there
to violently
with us
the hour of slack
may cause your toddler
who never before
to suddenly disrobe
and run down the street
screaming
locust locust
the hour of slack
is the response
for the time you pay
all your head
for all share
the hour of slack
is fully open
white lab rat
the hour of slack
is no longer for you
just running your goody
Hello, this is Timothy Larry,
reminding you that just as you need slack,
KNON needs your help.
Send in those pledges,
and praise Bob.
Hey!
Bob?
Bob?


Bob?





The message is now part of
and registered in your
subconscious mind.
This is Mr.
This is Mr.

So this is my previews to let white folks and followers watch Chris Paul and watch them
on the spot themselves if they can't find a person free.
Hello brothers and sisters in Slack, this is Reverend Salatia.
Tune into the Hour of Slack every week, mostly just to hear Fernanda Dandy-Lemur say,
You rang?
Don't cry.
Okay, girl.
Don't cry.
Free baseball.
Oh yes, dear friends.
This is Li Liqing, the Chinese subgenius.
And you are listening to the Hour of Slack.
Remember.
Bob is a comrade of all people.
Here in China, just like in America, people need Slack.
In Chinese, we call Slack Liu Tian Tai.
But it must be true Slack, not the bad Slack of the conspirators.
Hi, this is Pat Paulson.
I'd like to endorse Bob as my running mate in this year's election.
Bob's a lot of, well, he's not fun.
But anyway, this is the Hour of Slack in Dallas, Texas.
And I'm wearing my shoes.
I've got cow stuff on them.
J.R. Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
J.R. Bob Dobbs was on the number one list of frauds and phonies for Time Magazine.
And I didn't know who he was.
Exactly.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs is the creator of the Church of the Subgenius.
This guy, the Reverend Ivan Stang, is one of their...
Disciples.
Disciples.
Disciples.
Yeah.
All right.
You know, it's funny.
I don't think Jesus had a disciple named Dopey.
Poor Bob.
Hi, this is Bob from Hack House.
Greeting you in the name of Bob.
Partly on behalf of Voice of Bob.
I'd like to share with you a little bit of the story of how I got involved with Bob the Communist against the Nazis.
And that's exactly what happened.
And that's Bob.
He marks the beginning of something in my heart.
When he stripped in front of all these men red-hot pokers, put in his body for me.
And I would certainly like to come.
And I would certainly like to come.
Just go to persecution.com.
Persecution.com.
Let them know you're coming.
For I was hungry and you gave me pot.
I was thirsty and you gave me a hole.
I was a stranger.
I was naked and you did it to me.
Persecution.com.
It's a vital form of physical relief.
I'm normally here to sell you.
The government wanting to get even.
Well, that's all for today, my friends.
Reverend Shane Smoker.
And quite frankly, the only reason why I listen to this show,
is to hear the,
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
See, I can't even bloody do it.
But hell, I think it's bloody funny.
Um, a thousand shows.
Well, stangy.
Stang.
Dave and Princess Wee.
Congratulations.
Bloody, con-gradu- bloody-lations.
And, uh, praise Bob.
And, uh,
I really couldn't put my thought into this, did I?
I mean, this is quite a, um, a milestone.
Um,
Still not a minute, though.
So, I'm just gonna, uh,
Oh, man.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
I'm such an idiot.
I'm such an idiot.
Hello, brothers and sisters in Slack.
This is Reverend Salacia.
And I tune into the Hour of Slack every week.
Mostly, just to hear Reverend Stang say,
Superior mutants,
repent, quit your job, Slack.
The world ends tomorrow, and you may die.
But in addition to that,
I also like to subscribe to the
PR News
because, um,
every
PR News
and
Cowboy
are sacred in this church.
And to not have those included in my Hour of Slack
just doesn't get me there, if you know what I mean.
So, uh,
Sit down, don't sit down, but at least set your dogs to find them.
I'm finding it difficult to breathe.
There's a subgenius Saturday night for ya.
And I say, as long as you're alive,
shout, make noise, or whatever,
because we're dead.
You shut up like hell.
Just a while, that's probably far.
The oozing sauce,
the minions of the Hour of Slack
luring their way towards the moss.
Hoping against hope,
they can get one fatal glimpse of the man himself,
the resin f-
the rev-
Let me get this right.
The Reverend Horace Smith-
Oh, no, Ivan Sting
of the Church of the Subgenius,
the Procreative Cultmeister
of the Religion of Bob.
J.R.
Robert.
J.R.
Bob.
Dobbs.
A man who
is more than a man, he's
part humor, part
boomer, part boomer,
and part s-
s-
t-
boomer,
a-
m-
ah.
and all the peoples of the world
shall someday rise up and
shout his name and
be as
disappointed as that little slack-luster girl laying in the gucker.
Now I can tell things are gonna change.
But hey,
enough of that.
Yeah.
I'd like to read another now if I may,
should I not now.
This singing in the background, this is the voice of Mr. Fernanda Nande Lee Murr.
This is him actually singing the...
When you listen to a man like this, you know he's more than a softie.
He is a true...
Man, that is really, that's just amazing, friends.
Made the skin on my crawls go off.
Bob just wants to have fun.
Like dog fun.
That's Mark Mothersbaugh plays here in the background.
Duck fat.
Bob's just want to have fun.
Bob's just want to have fun.
These are offerings of, not worship, what should we call them? Offerings of...
Offerings...
Of humility.
Of what?
Towards what has...
Of offing.
Offing might be in the offing.
Offing of all pinks of the planet Earth.
But with love in our hearts, you know.
We're not like blind milkmen wearing pancake makeup looking like so many mannequins packing out,
passing a little carnations for Bob.
No, we are...
Well, we're sort of like that.
We are the red carnation for Bob.
And as we raise our fist in the air, we're usually clutching at our own foreskins.
And we're not convinced yet, but we still believe in slack.
Any form of slack, given or...
Misgiven-ish.
The best thing there is.
I'm sorry, I...
That's beautiful.
I could go on for...
That's beautiful.
I thought you were reading that from some letter that I'd handed you.
I thought you wanted me to cut it short as like a bad bowel movement, and so I did.
I was cutting it short?
Well, you looked at me and I thought, Dave, will you wrap it up, please?
We've got to get on to...
Oh, no, I just looked at you.
I was looking at you in puzzlement, like, where'd that all come from?
Well, first...
Don't you have a letter there from another reverend?
They get a different reverend?
Yeah, right.
It's a piece of...
Gaggies comes all the way from Sydney.
No, that sounds too cocky, doesn't it?
Anyway, I'll try it.
I'll try it.
Sounds good.
Good.
Lamer Cabo Dave, Princess Wee, Susie the Floozy, and all the dry web cockamamie bleebers
down at WCSB.
Thank you for all the slack.
No, that's...
I've gone to all the way...
It's fine, it's fine.
Keep going, keep going.
Keep going, keep going.
Hold on.
His name's Reverend Chain Smacker.
And he's a dildo do-rangy from Down Ender.
You sure talk funny.
The Hour of Slack ministry is probably one of the best places to hear some of the best collages,
stunning satire.
Can you believe it?
Stunning satire.
And sound hilarity.
Sound hilarity.
Okay.
The Hour of Slack is something to behold.
I don't know how he's ever seen it before.
It takes place on the audio frequencies of your inner ear.
It has hidden messages and meanings.
No commercialism.
Any heyday anky-panky of the right-wing enlighteners.
And what's this?
The Akashic Records.
To anyone.
And it's perfect with white wine and a bag of cheese.
Well, I guess that's more of a newsreel.
New Zealand is somewhere on in there.
Boy, you got me.
That's beautiful.
Well, I have many times before.
Well, Princess, do you have another letter from a reader?
Well, yes, I do.
I have another letter.
It's from a Charlie Fulton.
I'm going to pull the so-so daughter down in the background.
This letter says,
Greetings, Reverend Stang.
Just wanted to say that I've been listening to and enjoying The Hour of Slack
since episode 836.
Thank you.
Thank you.












I always enjoy listening to LeMire's cut-ups,
the banter of ESO Swamp Radio,
while I miss hearing Professor Chaz Smith.
It's always great to hear Lonesome Cowboy Dave
and great segments from Reverend Susie the Floozy
and the Puzzling Evidence Show.
The Hour of Slack is one of the biggest reasons that I have DSL,
since none of the pink stations where I live carry the show.
Happily, my job allows me to keep a picture of Bob at my cubicle.
Thank you.
So I can keep some small semblance of slack in the office.
Praise Bob.
That's from Charlie Fulton in Chico, California.
Thanks, Charlie.
Especially from a guy with a disease, you know,
wasting all his hard urine, squids, and his urine,
to send a letter through all the problems that you can get through sending a letter.
Just to express that.
I mean, the guy's got DSL for cripes almighty.
And you know, that can be nearly so flashy.
Anyway, I was going to say,
that this is not an anti-local phenomenon.
It's a post-procreative inclusive web phenomenon,
meaning that you could catch it on your foot.
You could see it somewhere, like on the back gangly,
that are connected to your inner eye and so forth.
When we talk about the web, we're talking about the webbing in your body.
So I just want to say that Don Velo is not the real name of Dr.
I mean, Father Guido Sarducci,
but he was actually born in Ashtabula.
And he was born in Ashtabula.
He was a graduate of Lorraine High School.
And he was a friend of Dave Sheridan,
who was a fabulous furry,
her shoot brothers.
History, friends.
Yes, history.
Long years of ancient, deadly history.
And for all those times and years,
everyone has been a defletchly for your beloved cockamamie organism.
Cockamamie.
Cockamamie.
Cockamamie.
Cockamamie.
Cockamamie.
Cockamamie.
Cockamamie.
Cockamamie.
That's Mark Mothersbaugh jamming away in the background in the early 80s
when he first got his Fairlight synthesizer, friends.
And maybe I should...
I do have another letter and some more tapes to play,
but, you know, I should do the shout-out, as we planned,
to all the station's friends that play the hour of slack,
that make this possible,
that make us do this, that force us to devolve into this every week.
Like a bleeding goat.
We have, first, the ones that keep us on the internet, friends,
sensoryresearch.com or .net or .org.
Sensory Research is how it keeps us going.
Radio For All is another group.
And, you know, Reverend Prostata Kontata was the person who first set us up
streaming MP3s to begin with.
And, friends, I don't know what we would have done without the great
Saint David Bachner up there in Canada.
Bachner was the one who turned it into internet streaming for years and years and years.
Only recently have I taken that job upon myself.
Before David Bachner, there was the great Reverend Juan Derrer.
And, friends, in the early days, of course,
who was it that first gazed at that picture of Bob with me and said,
let's work for this guy?
Dr. Philo Drummond, friends.
The overman, the original overman for whom we owe our knowledge of the Boblige-ness.
We must thank Mr. Opinion and George Nolan of the ancient KFJZ stations in Dallas
who were the first people to put us on the radio.
Actually, it was Philo.
And where would the Hour of Slack be without Puzzling Evidence?
Puzzling Evidence, who had actually the first subgenius radio show predating Hour of Slack,
started in like 1982 with Bob Nelson's show, which Puzzling Evidence took over.
And, friends, Puzzling Evidence is where we learned how to do the weird editing that we do, many of us.
Glass Madness was the friend of Puzzling Evidence who had singing talent.
Lies.
St. Palmer Vreedys was a part of the show.
And big part then, as was the great St. Gary Gubrode friend.
And, of course, to this day, where would any hour of anything be without Dr. Howell?
Yes, Dr. Howell Robbins.
And, lately, the good K-Rob, all together with Philo and Wellman on the KPFA show.
And, friends, Reverend Susie the Flucy, the woman who invented sex.
Uh, on WREK.
WREK.
Atlanta.
Byron Werner.
St. Byron Werner.
He was the first media barrages.
And he actually invented the phrase Space Age Bachelor Pad.
Doctors for Bob from Little Rock, Arkansas,
seminally inseminated the very concept of doctor music and head launchings.
Hell, Pope Huey was the first person to play our horrible tapes on the radio and contributed to them.
K-N-O-N in Dallas, at one time, was a great station.
And that's where we started in October 1985.
With Ranger Rita.
And even the help of Buck Naked.
The title, Hour of Slack, is based on a little one-half-sheet newsletter called Hour of Slack.
Actually.
That Buck Naked once did before he was saved by a different religion.
Written on a chestmark then, wasn't it?
It was entirely written on a chestmark then.
I've heard.
Friends, Reverend Bleepo Abernathy is the voice you hear saying the title of the show almost every week.
And he's actually the source of the celebrities.
He gave us those celebrities.
Reverend Erwin Chusid had us on WFMU in New Jersey for so long.
It was important.
Dr. Phineas Narco has always been a huge contributor and help to this show and the California show.
Jesus!
Jesus!
Devil Aqua has kept the subgenius foundation going in our darkest days.
And Mr. Fernanda Nandy Lee Murr is what makes the Hour of Slack sound like the Hour of Slack these days.
As somewhat similarly does the work of the great Norrell Preff.
And other old doc binary slack great men.
Such as Artemia Salina, Heart Ignition, and New Monet.
Can we forget Dr. Sinister?
Of WCSB in Cleveland.
The great station.
Who lets us call in and wreck his show.
Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
The ESO show with Chaz Smith.
Put us on the air all through the 90s.
And let us do the sloppy stuff.
How else would we know of the Oye Man?
Friends, we must thank so many contributors.
The El Queso All Stars.
Dr. Onan Canabite in the old days.
Pope David N. Meyer.
Brother Cleve Duncan.
Michael Pepe.
Dr. G. Gordon Gordon.
D.K. Jones.
Papa Joe Mama.
Dr. Legume.
Ed Strange had a subgenius show and helped a lot.
Craig Roll also did.
Friends, Deet and the bands.
The great bands of the Hour of Slack.
Starting with Doctors for Bob and Doctors for Wotan.
Followed shortly by Devo.
The Amino Acids.
Negative Land.
Little Theodore.
Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
The great King of Slack, Bill T. Miller.
Saint Anne.
And friends, the Swingin' Love Corpses.
And Dave, I think that you might remember an old comedy group that's probably we might
want to give a tip of the hat to while we're doing our Slack credits by the name of the
Firesign Theatre.
Indeed, indeed.
The Firesign Theatre has pointed the way.
I don't think you and me would be in this room right now if it wasn't for the Firesign
Theatre.
I don't think we could have an erection if it wasn't for the Firesign Theatre, which
is taking up all the spaces on this bus there are.
And so that's why we're kind of just...
Friends.
Some of you think, oh, they must have heard some Monty Python.
No, no, no.
Monty Python was much, much, much later.
They might have heard some Goon Show.
Well, we might have, but we didn't.
I had the Goon Show.
What we heard was the Firesign Theatre.
Praise Reverend David Ostman.
Yes, dear friend.
Phil Proctor, Phil Austin, and Peter Bergman.
David Ostman.
Oh, that was Devo doing the music in the background.
And before that, I think it was Onan Canobite.
No.
Now it's Onan Canobite.
Friends, the stations, the stations who's helped us out.
Did I get around to the new station, WQFS in Greensboro, North Carolina.
The great longtime players, WEFT in Champaign, Illinois.
Gotta teach you how to make a lot of money on real estate.
Friends, believe it or not, in deep in Connecticut, WHUS plays the show because they dare.
WICA, WICA in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
WMPG in Portland, Maine has played the hour of slack for nigh on to as long as WCSB here in Cleveland has.
And they keep on going.
For like 10, 15 years.
On that MPG, they keep going.
And thanks to Reverend Mike Townsend who put us on there.
In WCSB, I think it was originally first Reverend Toth Wilder got us on to that other WRUH.
And then Mike Cole.
Reverend Mike Cole.
Mike Cole helped keep us on.
And Reverend Craig Callender.
Yes.
We must thank all of these folks.
Praise Toth Wilder, Mike Cole, and Craig Callender.
Out in Madison, Wisconsin, Sister Velveteen Sly on WORT has kept this show going.
And friends, WREK at Georgia Tech in Atlanta not only plays the hour of slack,
has the Susie the Floozy Show, the Lymph Note Institute Show.
Friends, let us.
We won.
Would we be?
The South shall rise again with the help of WREK as well as WUTS in Sewanee, Tennessee.
The fig tree's burning, Earl.
WXEY in Kendallville, Indiana.
And friends, let's not leave out KPFA in Berkeley.
They don't play the hour of slack.
They play the Puzzling Evidence Show.
And we love them.
And we love our subscribers who get the cuss-filled uncensored internet shows.
We love you all.
We love you all.


Reverend Crossin, Reverend Penton, Salacia, Cindy, Reverend Bill, Ely.
Friends, the hour of slack thanks you all.
We have done 1,000 billion years of hours because of you and this.
This Dave.
Think how many seconds have gone by since you first listened to the hour of slack.
Now relax the cinctar muscle slowly, starting with the windpipe,
moving down.
Down through the navel, our sculata.
Up to the furniture and out the window.
Think of yourself as a magnificent pigeon willing to fit your fortune and pit your willingness
and your fortune against odds and their self.
Did I say that right?
Odds.
It's against the odds.
Think of yourself that way.
Now drift slowly into a dream.
A dream of your own creation.
A huge...
Man, that flying saucy.
Those figures I'd call the
barrel.
It was a dramatic dream.
Think how many seconds you have coffee to wait a minute.
thought. Yeah, when you think of it, nanoseconds,
how long have we been...
We never got out of here, man.
I mean, you know, relatively.
It's the show that refused
to die.
That's about it. You about got that right.
Friends, let me
read this one last...
Actually, we have all kinds of filthy commentary
that I could read. We got letters
that weren't exactly about the hour of
slack. Well, you can just indicate the word
without actually slurring out the dirty word
for the bad seven thing.
This guy really gave me
a reach around.
This is someone named
Mathael.
Mathael? Yes, who said...
I think the M and the R on his
keyboard were screwed up.
Maybe. You're like the famous painter Mathael.
With the swinging love
corpses in the background, Mathael
typed,
I appreciate that the subgenius church
makes a point of having people
own their own truth.
Congratulations!
Congratulations on creating language
that bypasses the filters
people have that fool them into
thinking they understand something
just because they know a word
for it.
Bob, slack, the conspiracy,
yakutism, these are all useful terms
because although people may not
understand them, then they at least
know that they don't.
Unlike God, grace,
etc., which most people have been fooled
into thinking they understand,
fresh terms help
with a new...
view of ancient concepts.
And, uh,
he happens to like the...
his favorite ones are the ones where
Stang rants and reads
from other tripped out writings.
I have Revelation X
and find it amazingly insightful
and well articulated.
Um, let's see.
I like the old
subgenius recordings where it sounds
like the terminology has been freshly
created and I can hear the
tenderness and love in the
subgenius apostles' voices.
Those would be the old tapes, I guess.
I would like to learn more about the
experiences, group trips, etc.,
that led to the articulation
of church doctrine.
What would he want to know?
Mainstream religions
preach love but practice hate,
worship bohemian prophets
but enforce dress codes,
and claim to own the whole truth
but have virtually no living truth
remaining. The subgenius church
preaches hate, worships a
clean-shaven idiot, and gives
the surface appearance of nonsense
yet triggers loving
truth to arise from within.
It's amazing
to me the cleverness with which
sensitive souls have learned to thrive
in a hostile world.
Thanks for providing
and exemplifying true slack.
Oh, P.S. I had a dream that
Ivan Stang is a reincarnation
of an early influential Gnostic
and a truly profound
soul.
Oh, that's a good note.
Oh, boy.
I told you. I told you.
That guy gave me quite a reach around.
Stan, what is that dripping from
your...
Is that blood dripping
from your goatee?
You said it was a reach around.
You said you didn't have to actually
chew on his organs for crying out
loud. What a strange man,
too. I offer him kudos for his
praise of the church and his 20 years in
business.
How ridiculous.
This one I had assigned for you to read
when I first read the hour's...
Oh, I don't go for the uterine devices.
Only the gonococcal
devibrators can be used
this time. Anyway, at least until the 4th.
Not of July, of course,
but, you know, the 4th of encumbrance,
which is coming for all of us pretty soon.
Here's
the gesticles.
Oh, this was done by the gesticles
in Australia.
There's a bobby on the clothesline
and a kitten on the grill.
There's dog poop on the table,
but I cannot eat my fill.
There's a blank spot in my
stink tank that says
reserved for pamphlet one.
I'd love to shove it in there verily
because it sure does sound like fun.
Send me slack or
plonk me. It's the only thing to do.
I do not own a credit card,
but I want to join with you.
I've lived with Bob for years now,
had a picture on my dash.
It was there until it faded and my
car was not but trash.
I've touched myself to Connie
and received a nasty rash.
Now I've finally gotten around to it
and offered up some cash.
And he did. He did, in fact.
Was it currency
that you can actually use?
I mean, the coin of the realm,
a lot of times you like to send
monopolistic money, poetry money.
Sometimes they'll just send like a
zygote on a tissue.
Well, not a real zygote, a bloody zygote.
Here's a good one. This one comes from a different...
This guy writes, sends stuff from a different...
A different address each time.
...excluded inflation, perhaps. I don't know.
This comes from a person that says,
you know I know you.
Dear Bob.
Now listen to this.
Okay, I'm listening.
Dear Bob, you broke my leg.
You gave me hype.
After the restaurant tantrum went down,
you gave me an address, told me to meet you there.
I came to meet you. There were two guys,
one girl looking over I-5
south of Beacon Hill.
The same two guys from the restaurant.
One girl.
They asked me...

They asked me into the house.
I said, no thanks.
The tall guy looked like an altar boy.
Said, nice bike, 66 BMW.
Let me take a ride.
I said, no.
He then said, well, give me a ride.
He was six foot three inches tall.
Jumped on my bike, grabbed my...
and squeezed hard as he could.
Humped me five or six times.
I had let him try on my jacket.
It was too small.
He stretched himself into it.
After the ride, the three of them were around me.
I said I had to go.
When I got home, I had black and blue marks on me for a week.
I lost my father at 16 years old.
And I know you have no children.
I'm adopting you as my father, Bob.
And I will be your son.
The son you always wanted.
When you were a little boy,
did some red-haired guy screw you over?
I forgive you, Reverend James Doyle.
Boy, that sounds...
They call it Beacon Hill
because of the strange beaming beacons
that are going into the minds of the people
in the restaurants.
And we actually know,
some of the subhumans,
we're not going to call them subgeniuses
in this particular instance,
who were at the bottom of Beacon Hill
waiting to spank him and torture him
with a 1966 tricycle.
It was not really even a bike.
If only we could stop, Bob.
My mind is going.
Well, this guy is so far gone.
The actual tissue in his brain,
near the corpus callosum,
is decomposing.
And it's, you know, like practically brain dead
and nobody told him yet.
Yeah, no, no, no.
I'm not saying it's not great stuff.
And we love his appurtenance
and also his apertures,
but we can't fit in there.
You know what I'm saying?
You got to send your...
You got to pay your pledge money, friends.
That's all it is.
Now, friends, we got to move on and move out.
So I'm going to go back to the tape recordings
of the live subgeniuses
as they tell us their love, love, love.
Because their mind is going,
a swinging love corpse goes out in the background.
And it is the...
Lee Murr will help us.
Thank you.
The Church of the Subgenius
for 20 years of misdirection,
lies, squandering,
insominance,
insomniac,
insomniac.
Stop.
My mind is going.
My mind is going.
Stop.
My mind is going.
My mind is going.
Yes.
Now, take notes for 20 seconds.
You're wasting your time.

And I was trying to record during theierten 2 hours
performance every day of each week like a child.
You added switch,
did you lit the switch for two minutes of each week?
Do you want to request your rights collected?
I don't like it.
What should we do.
Why don't you put each number и the power of the church down?


听到一个起来小时,我就可以过一个星期的生活,在粉红色的世界保存我的精神。
谢谢我们的美国装置朋友,谢谢。
谢谢我们的美国装置朋友,谢谢。
