Let's go to the gigolo club over in Yancey.
They got a...
Some genius powerhouse watching.
I say this calls for action, and now, nip it in the bud.
Ah, shut up.
Yes.
We often have pop guards and spit guards, but now we're doing radio in the raw.
Yes.
Sitting here.
Shivering.
I can see that you are shivering.
Do you want something?
They want some garment to put on.
You want a little chili?
I've got a can of chili, and I really seriously do.
I always have a can of chili at the ready when we're here at Wisteria Campground.
Not that we have to have the can of chili, because we're sitting in the cafe, and we
could go over there and buy lunch.
And I should have done that a little while ago.
Oh, where's my script?
Ah.
Once again, the visible show.
We have an audience of five people, the only ones who forgot that this will all be...
They'll be able to download and hear all this stuff later.
To download when one is down in hell.
Yeah.
Well, we won't have to worry about that anymore, will we, Dr. Howell?
Yeah, we recommend those Niels Stevenson books, the Quicksilver trilogy.
Well, I found a section in this that I was going to...
I was going to read, but I don't want to do that when I've got fellow spouters here.
See, that's for when no one is here but me.
Well, that's very handsome.
Just reading to myself out loud, making a lonely, lonely one-man, one-listener show.
It's Niels Stevenson's Quicksilver, the first of his Baroque cycle trilogy.
Baroque cycle.
It's three fat books, of which that is one.
And they're all about Isaac Newton.
And many interesting people.
Yeah, it's like the awkward invention of science in general.
But they're amazing characters, like Jack the Robber King.
It's quite a fat book.
Yes, it is a great book.
They're wonderful characters, wonderful adventures in it.
All one could ask for a book.
From a book.
Nuh-uh.
He doesn't have pictures.
Well, one must provide the pictures.
Therein the patient must minister.
To himself.
Word pictures.
Actually, I did find one illustration in it, which appears to be a copy of a drawing of
a flea by Robert Hooke.
Ah, yes.
The microscope was just coming into its own.
Yes.
Anthony van Leeuwenhoek.
My hero.
Grinder of lenses.
So we've just been down at the baptism and we have made those who are beginning to read

beginning to show an effusion of pinkness reduced to pure subgenius essence.
That was my first baptism.
Yes, and you did nobly, too.
Yes, you did very well.
She really did.
Well, you know, she didn't drown.
We get these people that just, you put them down in the water,
and they don't have the sense to come back out,
because they're true subgeniuses.
Yes, and they continually dangle their pink toes
over the impatient beak of old sequoia until it's too late to retrieve them.
I was planning on plugging my nose anyway,
so I was glad that you were recommending it,
because then I didn't have to be embarrassed about it.
No, we recommend that everyone keep from snorting the brain-eating amoebas
for a more healthful X-Day.
There would not be much to eat.
But you saw other creatures in the pond besides subgenius ones.
What did you see?
Oh, yes, indeed.
Very large stick bugs and...
Stick insects.
Various stages of the frog metamorphosis.
How about the amphibia?
I didn't see any...
She just mentioned them.
I didn't see any newts this time, though.
Yeah, I meant the newts.
I meant newts, axolotls, and salamanders.
I didn't see any.
Last time I saw the little ones with the spotted orange backs.
Did you read?
Did you read my essay about the giant stick insects of Ball's Pyramid Island?
The tree lobsters, yes.
The tree lobsters, as they are called?
Yeah, that was like a great lost world.
Kind of a lost continent of monsters.
Did you see the picture of the island?
I should send you a picture of the island.
Some youths, when shown it, sniff and say,
Photoshop.
No, this incredible island actually does exist.
Yes, friends.
Did you see it?
It's hard to believe, but sometimes nature beats Photoshop.
Oh, it's very cool.
Yep.
What's interesting about this island is,
imagine a thousand feet of rock coming to a point,
coming up out of the ocean.
A thousand feet of rock, which are thin in cross-section,
so it's like a giant arrowhead.
And it arises out of the Tasman Sea off the Australian coast,
although the area is administered by New Zealand.
It does definitely look like something from a fantasy novel.
I could see how people would be...
Oh, it looks like something.
...wouldn't believe it.
Willis O'Brien or somebody came...
It's got monsters on it, too.
It does.
That's the wonderful thing about it.
And now science is making sure that those monsters will survive.
I'm surprised the rats were able to take them out,
because they're so large.
They're large, but they're helpless and trundling,
big, peaceful insects that may be vegetarian for all their giantism,
but they were no match for the black rats, which came ashore,
on their former home, what was it, Lord Howe's Island,
when a British freighter crashed there,
and the rats killed the native population of giant stick insects,
or tree lobsters, as the natives called them.
Rats are almost as bad as humans in that respect.
Recent scientific inquiry has determined that when you tickle rats, they laugh.
What?
Yes, they laugh when you tickle them.
What?
That means they have souls.
Yes.
That means I'm guilty of murder.
Yes.
With a shovel.
I mean, other kinds of murder, besides the other ones.
Yeah.
My dad and I also had to kill rats at times.
But there you go.
And I had a girlfriend who used to put the rats in her terrarium for her pet snakes.
I thought that was going to go somewhere else for a second.
No, no, no, no.
Well, she may have.
Those are gerbils.
You're thinking of gerbils.
There was one case that someone put an eel up there,
and the eel ate his colon.
Not an electric eel, I hope.
Oh, it's true.
I swear.
People put all kinds of things up there.
Well, that changes the whole nature of my day.
Afterwards, he had a descending semicolon.
Dr. Legume.
Good morrow.
Now Legume is among us.
Things are going to get lively.
Rats also have signs of empathy.
They've done tests where the rat can choose whether to feed just itself
or to also provide food for another rat.
And given the choice, it will always provide food for the other rat as well.
Yes, they have the basis of a communal organization.
So now all the testing that we've done is...

Rats are leftists.
That's what Mr. Sistar would say.
But even the giant stick insects of Ball's Pyramid,
tried to protect each other when scientists showed up
and started scooping up specimens.
The males would throw their legs over the females
and put their bodies over them to try to protect them.
Of course, it didn't work since you can't stop science.
Well, so the question that raises is,
when the ATF shows up here in an hour,
will we help each other hide stashes and so forth
and put on disguises?
Or will we just flee?
Will it be every subgenius for itself?
A disturbed subgenius anthill
with subgeniuses running in every direction.
All of them going, who's the queen?
Who's the queen?
Carrying that Bob dummy around.
Yes.
Trying to protect it.
Well, we'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
You know, one good thing about the church is
it tells you how to think on your feet by George.
It does?
Boy, I must have missed that lesson.
Yeah, I'm not...
Yes.
I'm not getting that lesson so well.
It teaches you to be able to...
I do okay on my butt.
...roll with the punches and get your sea legs
in a violently pitching, tossing world.
That's the idea.
This music in the background by Chaz Smith
and Einstein's secret orchestra...
Now even I can hear the music.
And as I look out on this assembly,
I see some out there who were at the baptism
and were purified and are now newly washed unto Bob.
And thankfully have their clothing back on.
You can...
In some cases...
There was a couple of ripped fellows down there.
Sure, not all subgeniuses are huge,
shambling mounds of protoplasm.
No.
Only most of them.
And there were, of course, several skeletal young fellows.
They yet have to fill out and enjoy life.
I've certainly managed to do that.
Yes, it's true.
There is such a thing as slack.
For a long time, I wasn't really sure.
And I was kind of defensive.
Of course there's slack.
I don't have it.
But I know that it's there.
It must exist.
But I can definitely vouch that if you're lucky
and keep your mind focused on the FIB,
then you will eventually get slack.
Even if you only get one minute of it
at the end of your 70-year life of torture,
that one minute justifies...
Yes.
...the rest of it completely.
Well, you see, if you put on a subgenius event,
the show host syndrome that you have
expands to gobble up every ounce of free slack
that you may have.
Well, then, because of that,
I was always sure to have a nervous breakdown
on Saturday night at X Day.
But now the torment and...
Well, the responsibilities are divided
between several slacker subgeniuses.
So there's like five or six of us
not getting anything done,
which spreads the stress a lot better.
Should I get us some coffee, Stan?
I have fun.
I would love to have some coffee.
Yeah, I need coffee.
In fact, I'll even...
Here, get this.
I'll even spring for it, man.
Wow.
I was gonna.
Yeah.
There you go.
All right, free coffee.
That's on Bob.
See, at this Tarzan's radio station,
unlike WCSB, KPFA, WRK, any of those noble places,
has...
Food.
We can eat and drink.
Huh?
Just cream.
Or milk.
Milk.
And the reason I put milk in my coffee
is because back when I was a superstitious young person
learning about New Age and UFOs and paranormal gobbledygook,
I read Edgar Cayce said that you should always put milk
in your coffee to save your stomach light.
I figured, well,
if Edgar Cayce said that,
I better pick up on it.
Because he, you know,
he was doing miracle diagnoses.
And I knew people who knew people who knew doctors
that had sworn by him.
So it must have been true.
However,
Something will always get you, though.
You can't protect yourself.
I was reading through one of those Edgar Cayce stories
or books and thinking,
wow, this is all...
I was very young and stupid.
Impressionable.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And, uh,
I was reading about the
And suddenly he was talking about Atlantis
and how the Atlanteans had this advanced crystal-based nuclear energy
and that they were able to mutate animals into people and vice versa.
And as the more it went on and on,
I realized that George Powell movie,
Atlantis, The Lost Continent,
was written from an Edgar Cayce...
Thank you.
...channeling.
It was all Edgar Cayce,
New Age,
uh,
trance-spouting nonsense.
But it made for a great movie.
Atlantis, The Lost Continent had...
And they had to have, uh,
an obstacle course with lava all around.
And they could actually stand right over the lava
and not be fried instantly.
Yeah.
It was my first exposure.
I was the first exposure to that miracle aspect of lava in movies.
What is that one movie, the,
the volcano erupt, erupting with Pierce Brosnan?
Oh yeah, I never, I haven't seen that.
In the 90s.
Dante's Inferno.
Dante's Inferno, thank you.
Yeah.
Yes.
They, uh, drive over, uh, freshly cooling lava in a SUV.
And the tires are melting and they still make it over it just in time.
That movie is so great.
Well, yeah, I, I, uh, I'm gonna have to see that someday.
In fast forward, most likely.
Yes, there, there are some parts though,
they also have to cross a lake that's boiling with sulfuric acid.
And someone has to sacrifice themselves.
That's Lake Pookaballaponga.
They sacrifice themselves nobly to push the boat across the lake as it's disintegrating.
Wow.
Talk about cooperative endeavor.
Well, in every movie that we've seen like that,
we can bring to life on X Day.
That's right.
You can just, uh, rope off any point you want on Earth and raise up a volcano.
Or King Kong's Island.
Say you're, say you got a, you just, you hate your hometown or something like that.
Any monster movie or disaster movie you've seen,
you can inflict them all at once on your hometown.
Just to get that one kid that picked on you that one time.
And boy, is he gonna get it.
And if he's dead, well, well actually in theory, you can get it.

You can bring him back to life and torture him.
Yes.
You remember the case of Charles Dexter Ward, you know, uh,
Joseph Kirwan brought back dead sorcerers and tortured them to get the information from them.
And of course what he could do, we will be able to do.
Not through his technique of palingenesis, however.
I would rather focus less on the torture of the pinks and more on just acquiring all the things that I want.
Absolutely.
I will have an entire,
Pokemon world.
I'll have the whole thing.
Really?
I'd be satisfied if that was all I had on my pleasure saucer.
Live, actual Pokemon characters.
Yes, Pokemon.
That's all I want.
That's my, that would be my number one, top of the list.
If I could only have one thing, it would be that.
And you can have all of those things.
Uh, my, of course, needless to say, I'll be hunting monsters like tomorrow afternoon.
So you know, it's, it's similar.
Yeah.
Mine's a little more friendly and cooperative and,
Where's Mr. Sister to make fun of all of this stuff?
Socialism.
Yeah, really.
He'll be along.
Um, well, you know, he, that guy acts like a socialist in real life.
I know, he's very pleasant.
Yes, he's generous and, you know, real, real giving.
Well, it's funny that no conservative ever died saying, you know, I wish I'd stolen from the poor a little bit more.
I wish I'd been more ruthless.
Are you sure?
No.
I mean, it's on their deathbeds that they come out as, as with, as potential, uh, liberals and easygoing, generosity motivated people.
Oh, well, and I'm on my deathbed.
I'm sure I'll renounce Bob and, and, uh, and,
And become a Catholic.
Become a Catholic, just in case.
Yes, put the communion wafer on, like Charles the second or even Henry the eighth, the secret Catholic in articulo mortis.
Don't let anyone find that out.
I know that there are so many people on the internet that would love to find out.
But here we're among friends.
That you renounced Bob at the last second.
Oh, well.
Snippets of information.
But Bob wouldn't care.
That's the important thing.
You have to be spiteful to them though.
It's important.
Bob would not care in the slightest if, if anybody renounced him.
I don't think he ever remembers most of the time that anybody is nouncing him in the first place.
You know?
Um, okay.
However, when we renounce the conspiracy and all its works, we make real.
Room for Bob and all his works.
And, and when you destroy brain cells, uh, partying too hard at X-Day, you make room for new memories.
Of things that may not have actually even happened at all.
But they will comfortably nestle in your anterior frontal gyrus.
All right, what was it Onan said, um, about Bob?
Didn't you have a special rap by Onan to read?
Yes, I, I did.
I did.
I did.
And I, I, I was planning to do it on the stage.
On the big stage.
Oh, very well.
Very well then.
Um, it was written for me to preach.
It said, it actually says things like, I got this email.
It said, dear I've been stank.
I'm reading this.
You know, it's kind of a strange, I haven't had any, a speech written for me like that.
But I, Onan just, you know, I think what, what it was, was he kind of what was half of what
stank says on stage is written by me.
me anyway. I might as well just go ahead and
write him one and show him how to do it right.
Friends, while I
was putting on my socks this morning,
an unusual thought about God
came to me, which I was hoping
to share with you.
Why, they practice to write
themselves, don't they? Yeah.
Yeah. But this show isn't
writing itself, is it? Maybe
I should pull that. Well, it's
coming into being.
Now the Stang folder has been
withdrawn. Folder of rants. Oh, no.
This is all for the Pittsburgh revival.
Happy birthday, Tommy Amoeba.
Hey, how are you doing, Pittsburgh?
Oh, here. I'll tell you what I can
read.
I'm going to be speaking
at the Starwood Festival on my
escape vessel next week. Yes, I
know. They wanted me to
give them a description of what my
workshop, as
they call it, will be. Workshop?
I'll read what I came up with.
That's sacrilegious.
Workshop.
A crowd of loners.
Paradox or marketing
niche? Reverend
Stang will perform miracles and
wonders before your very eyes.
Witness this daring, evil,
angelical emissionary
as he demonstrates fake
handling, acubating, and
astounding acts of
pyroflagellation. Witness, you
say? At the very least,
you'll learn what not to do.
There will be no
laughing allowed.
During this unusual
and possibly dangerous
presentation. Because of the
potential for brain sneeze,
those faint of mind or
weak of butt are urged not
to attend. No belief system
is safe from the church of the
subgenius and the slack
infestation known as
J.R. Bob Dobbs, who is
unfortunately too busy to
attend this devival.
So,
a crowd,
a crowd of loners.
That was the theme.
A crowd of lonely philosophers.
I found myself in front of
several different brands of
crowds of loners lately.
As you noticed at the Cacophony
Society, I got confused as to which
crowd I was talking to. Yes,
ladies and gentlemen, earlier this year
Reverend Ivan Stang was brought
to San Francisco by
Chicken John to participate
in a Cacophony Society
stage show.
Where he whipped the audience
into a frenzy
on a gigantic stage
at the Castro Theater.
I did? I thought I must
have just introduced these acts real fast
and got off as quick as I could. Oh, everybody loved it.
But what was one
amusing
part where both Stang and I had
to get off stage and there was
only a very little area
for the chorus girls to get on
and we couldn't get off stage
because they were standing there
and there was no way to
squeeze past them even if one
had wanted to make the attempt.
So we just sort of stood there waiting for them
to come out until an infuriated
Chicken John leaped onto the stage
and led both me and
Stang off the stage. Trapped
by chorus girls. I can think of worse
things. Showbiz can be really
tough. Backstage at that
show was just awful. All these
did you see that picture, Philo's shot
of me and the girls?
That picture that's on the internet?
That may be the one I shot.
The one I shot of you and
Philo and the girls. No, this one
is just me and them. Oh, okay.
See, you were smart.
I had to tell Philo to get in
there. He's standing there in front
of all these belly dancers
and I'm pointing
the camera at him
and Hal saw what was going
on and you can see Hal jumping
right into the frame. I said,
Philo, you're fucking up.
Photo bombing. And he looked around
and realized, oh, I'm in front of
all these beautiful gals.
So, needless to say,
the true overman
or doctor
like Dr. Hal instantly
poses. If you see somebody pointing
the camera at you with a bunch of girls around
you instantly try to look like
you're supposed to be there.
And that they somehow are your
good buddies. First of all, they assume
you're supposed to be there because you're there.
Secondly, they're all dressed
up and want somebody to take their
picture. They're waiting to pose.
What's this namby-pamby
hanging back, you know,
to just get in and start snapping
pictures? That's what's
supposed to be happening.
I don't know why there's always this hanging
back.
Well, because you can get
sued or whatever.
It's a bad form
to take pictures of people
because they all know it could end up on the internet.
I was really surprised how many
people took their clothes off.
For the baptism today, because
for several years
they were hanging back.
For the first few years
we were so open about it.
We had a million naked pictures on
subgenius.com. Then
everybody's grandparents got
web TV.
And I started getting those letters.
You know, please remove those pictures
of me from that. Take those terrible pictures
off right now. And if they asked politely
I did it promptly. And if they were
rude about it, I dragged
my feet. As long as they're not on
Facebook, which not that Facebook
would ever allow such things.
Facebook is puritanical and the guy who
runs it loves Chris Christie
and the Republican Party and
so forth. No, that's not
a sin. That's just somebody else's religion.
We're not going to put down... He's just a
teenage ignoramus or a
youthful
Zuckerman? Zuckerman, yeah.
You know,
Princess Wee and I tried to watch that movie
Social Network three
times and gave up
because we're old.
And we could not
understand a word of
dialogue in that thing because it's very
realistic. They're in coffee
shops and clubs.
A lot of mumbling nerds.
Yeah, mumblecore.
And my son, who is a
actual Hollywood director,
explained to me that they deliberately
made it that way
unintelligible to
slightly deaf old folks
who don't understand.
They don't understand the latest mumble.
That's Hollywood.
So I'm still waiting for a...
The problem is, the bootleg copies
don't have subtitles. Okay, I'll just say it.
I would have to
spend money to know what they're saying
in that movie by reading the subtitles.
You know, I watch movies with my Chinese
friends who always like to
have the subtitles on because it helps them
get it. And now I'm used
to it. It's, you know, I'm used
to checking the subtitle if I don't hear
something quite. And I actually prefer
even English language
movies to have the subtitle options
on. I always get distracted
by the subtitles, though, and I don't see
anything else that's happening on screen. I just
focus on the letters. Well, there is that,
but sometimes it does
help you. I'm close to learning
Dutch because of that same problem.
I get a lot of bootlegs with
Dutch subtitles, and I can't help
but try to...
Even though I'm worried about who's going to
get killed by the monster or whether the monster
is going to get killed, I'm still trying to
translate back and forth so that
eventually I'll suddenly wake up one
day speaking fluent Dutch.
But mispronouncing it.
I'd be mispronouncing it because it
doesn't sound like it looks.
There are many movies that you
do have to watch subtitled, though.
Like all the great Korean
horror and monster movies they've got now.
Yeah, sure. Like The Host.
And now there's a sequel.
Isn't there a host, too?
No? Have you seen it?
Well, there's another movie called The Host
that's not related.
I really want to see it.
Is it the same director, at least?
Okay, that's a little more comforting.
Oh, I saw a preview. It looked amazing.
It looked really good.
Okay, I'll trust that.
I can't wait to see it.
That's one of the nicest, neatest monsters
that's come out recently.
The creature in The Host.
It's one of my favorite movies.
I've watched it dozens of times.
So do you think that the reason
he kept the little girl until she died
was just for a pet for him
because he was lonely?
Well, no.
I think he thought that everyone
that he was barfing up into the sewer
was dead and he came back to eat them later.
But she survived.
But she, when she would try to go out,
a tentacle would go around her
and then the other tentacle would say,
no, you're going to stay here.
Saving it for a snack later.
But she was eventually smothered by him
because he loved her too well.
But still, that was touching, I thought.
Hey, how about Troll Hunter?
Troll Hunter, amazing.
Amazing.
You must not miss that one.
It's done like a documentary.
Isn't it in Mexico?
No, it's in the Scandinavian northern country.
It's a Norwegian movie.
Norwegian.
It's very Norwegian.
There's something quite different about it.
What it is is
the fact that it's Norwegian.
These dumbass Norwegian kids
are trying to make some kind of movie
with their video cameras
and they just happen to follow this strange guy
and they think, hey, maybe we can make a movie about him.
Well, it turns out that he is a government-hired troll hunter
because the authorities don't want the world to know
that there are actually huge flesh-eating trolls
out there in the woods
and whenever they do something,
they kill a bear and drag it in and say,
we shot the bear that committed this crime.
But there are also trolls as large as houses out there
and electrical towers that you see
are not to carry.
They're not to carry current from towns to towns,
but simply to keep these monsters in.
Then nobody questions where these towers go
or where the current goes.
A lot of interesting things.
You see the giant two-headed trolls,
all the different trolls.
Yes, and they're, you know...
The nice thing about it is it's done
very, very straight and documentary style.
Oh, but there's some supernatural elements.
The trolls can smell,
they can smell the blood of a Christian man.
The old guy asked the documentary filmmakers,
are any of you Christians?
And they all go, oh, no, of course not.
That's silly.
But one of them's lying
and he ends up in the troll's cave
and everybody's going, how come?
They know we're here.
How do they know we're here?
He doesn't make it.
So is that...
Well, I've always heard the,
I smell the blood of an Englishman.
Was that translated differently?
Well, that's not trolls, but giants.
Oh, giants.
Right.
And they left that out of Jack the Giant Slayer.
That's because Jack the Giant Slayer
seems not to occur in actual England,
but in some sort of parallel England known as Albion.
And they couldn't rhyme that.
I get so used to the monsters from Dungeons and Dragons
that I forget all the other mythologies
that go behind everything.
You poor child.
No, it's great.
No, you're doing right
because those monsters are canonically correct.
And you're learning about them in an effortless way.
Is that game well researched as far as the mythology and stuff?
It is.
Dungeons and Dragons is.
Well, did you know Gary Gygax,
the creator of Dungeons and Dragons?
No, I've only heard Papa Joe Mama's interview with him.
Oh, well, of course.
Where is that?
I want to hear that.
Papa Joe Mama interviewed Gary Gygax
and a few other, Dr. Kevorkian.
He was one of the, before Kevorkian got famous.
He even got buddy-buddy with Jack T. Chick himself.
Yes.
And Chick put him in a Chick track
called The Judge.
Kurt is in there.
It's in my briefcase.
Yeah.
I still have it from last year.
What an honor, I guess,
to be in a Jack Chick track.
I know two people who've been in Jack Chick tracks.
I know some.
The Druids?
Some of the sisters of perpetual violence in San Francisco.
The late Isaac Bonowitz.
Right into their anti-gay tracks that they did.
He just has his legion of minions.
Yeah.
Oh, God, man.
So, if only.
But anyway, I'm really jealous now of Isaac the Druid
who got in as a demonic guy.
And who is it?
Gavin Frost.
Yeah, the witch.
Guy who writes about witch stuff.
Well, of course, Chick puts his whole...
They're both subgenius fans, by the way.
...coterie of weird Christian kooks
who hang around with him.
He makes them characters in the comics.
Well...
You have to try to make a point to provoke him more.
Maybe we'll make it in.
Like Pastor Malcolm, the father of the devil.


The long-suffering anti-gay black evangelist
often appears in those things.
Or, of course, you know, Alberto.
The only Chick track I've ever seen is the...
Speaking of Dungeons & Dragons,
was the one where the girl gets indoctrinated
into the evil witchcraft cult.
Is it the one where the demons throw the witches out the window?
No, I don't think...
It's like some woman that's part of some, like, you know, a coven.
It's called Dark Dungeons, right?
That's the title?
Maybe. I don't know.
Like, one of the kids kills themselves over their character
because their character dies.
Yes, and her character died, and so she kills herself.
And then the leader of the coven says,
Forget about that loser.
It's time for you to get closer.
As subgeniuses, we need to catch up with the pagans
in being depicted as some kind of terrible monsters
in low-brow Christian comic books and television shows.
And that's why it's up to you, all those subgeniuses who are listening,
to commit every act of debauchery that might possibly offend Jack T. Chick
and people like him,
so we can get a bigger, wider profile on their radar.
He must be fairly old and venerable at this point, right?
Oh, he's in his 90s.
He's old and venerable, and he's had several heart attacks,
but the Lord is keeping him going.
He promised Papa Joe Mama that he would get around to doing an anti-subgenius
tract when he finishes his current project,
which unfortunately is oil paintings illustrating the entire Old and New Testament.
Which they're going to make a movie out of.
And at age, since he's 90, I think a lot of it is already out on YouTube.
Yes, that's the movie made by the good artist in the Jack Chick organization.
Kurt knows his name.
Right.
But, you know, he also said he'd prey on it,
on the subgenius tract, which is his polite way of saying,
are you kidding?
Right, yeah, this is too small time.
We're trying to beat the Papists.
You know, to him, the real devils are the Catholics.
According to Chick, yes, and according to Alberto Rivera.
And his wife, his widow, is in the Jack T. Chick movie that Kurt made
talking about the poop.
The poop tried to have Alberto shot on the railroad tracks near here.
It was the poop.
We were talking about that at breakfast this morning.
People focus on the nearest, the enemy they know best.
The Baptists hate the Methodists more than anybody.
Oh, their rivalry is so sweet to savor.
Right, and the subgeniuses put down the Discordians or whatnot.
Exactly, you attack the people nearest to you instead of your ideological enemy
on the other side of the ideological color wheel.
You attack the ones who are the closest to you.
Right, we should be spending more time bad-mouthing the televangelists, say,
or the Muslimic fanatics.
We have to be careful with that.
But instead, who are we bad-mouthing?
Poor old Reverend Got-Too-Drunk.
But, you know, the poor old Discordians who don't have their own P.O. box.
It's a human tendency.
Yeah, sad.
And while we still are inhuman beings,
I'm afraid we will be susceptible to it.
Well, that's why I'm an evangelical.
I'm of a more forgiving nature.
And I, tomorrow morning, when I'm given control of the lives and deaths of billions of people...
I hope you'll remember those who served tirelessly in your service.
Yeah, I'm not gonna just wholesale wipe out strangers.
I've got no interest in that.
I'm gonna go get the things I like first.
They're still raw material.
They're material.
It can be molded.
We'll have all of eternity to go over old grudges and so forth.
God help me if they're subgeniuses I gotta grudge against,
because they might have a bigger battle planet than me.
They, too, may need to be set straight with the teeth of the Harrow of Shaddai.
I mean, it would be a shame, wouldn't it,
if on next day, instead of focusing on the positive,
we all started getting jealous of each other,
until there was just one subgenius death planet left standing.
Which would probably be Dr. Legumes, because he's the smartest one.
Or...
And the meanest.
The ecclesiastical court's established...
The reason you can now tell he's the smartest one is because he's over there taking it easy,
and we're up here flapping our limbs.
He's taking a pleasant stroll out there in nature's wonderland,
while we sit here in the dark, yammering for Bob.
It'll be important to not let jealousy take over.
Yes, that's right.
Or then you have people saying, well, they're pretty good.
They're planets bigger than mine.
Their ship is larger than mine.
Mm-hmm.
Of course, these ships can expand and contract.
Stang got the Grand Canyon.
I was gonna get that.
Yes, but if you have limited imagination,
or some sort of inferiority complex,
then your ship will be the pukeyest of all.
Well, and the worst are the people who just can't make that imaginative leap.
And their ship looks like their dingy apartment,
and the classes they have to go to,
and their crappy job at the speedway,
and they don't even know they're on the escape.
Wait a minute.
How many years has it been since 98?
Could I be that?
Could I be one of those?
I've just created the two of you as androids
to sit up here and go through the same tired routine
for 17 years waiting for the sausage.
I'm a new figment, though.
Well, sure, that wouldn't be realistic
if it was like Groundhog Day.
We have to throw some...
What if we had to do this day over and over?
Dr. Legu, do you want to...
That wouldn't be so bad.
There would be much worse days.
Do you want to take my place?
I don't mind.
We'd have to either share here.
You can just sit...
Why don't you sit there?
And I can yell.
See, I can yell.
Legu is rather soft-spoken.
Because I'm so gentle.
But he knows to put his lips near the microphone,
unlike some who have been up here.
That's the important thing.
They've got to hear you.
They've got to hear you.
You have to lean in.
Right.
I'd be like Philo in all other ways,
but not in that way.
No, not all other ways, please.
Well, in most other ways, then.
What were you going to say?
Oh, I was saying,
perhaps you haven't been doing the same.
Shit for 17 years.
Perhaps you're just the death flash
in the mind of some 17-year-old boy somewhere
who just died of autoerotic asphyxiation.
Well, let's hope it was a pleasant second death.
Well, anybody's got that problem.
Which matrix are we in?
Yeah.
Which tub of goo and wires are we plugged into?
I want to be in a...
Who cares, copper top?
I want to be in a comfortable one.
So I can roll over without getting my wires crossed.
I want to be in the broken glass matrix.
That would be a great matrix to be in.
Where the world is all broken glass.
That would hurt.
The shattering shards.
Yeah, yeah.
It would hurt, you know.
It'd keep you wakeful.
In fact, it would probably be the main point of the place
would be just because your very existence
would just suck so totally.
Well, you know, there are many who feel...
That would be a great matrix.
Yeah.
Yeah.














And wish to be punished in some way.
For somebody else, not for me.
Some people's idea of heaven is hell.
Some people just dislike themselves so much
that they want to be tormented.
And we can oblige them too for X day.
It depends on what version of hell it is.
Some of them look very interesting.
Yeah, it could all be medieval
with the tombs of the heresiarchs and everything.
All that stuff.
I kind of envision subgenius heaven as being a place
with lots of...
of broken glass.
Well, you keep going on about this broken glass thing.
Didn't you have a sermon that went on for hours and hours
about the planet of broken glass?
That is true.
Years ago, which I've completely forgotten every detail about
except that phrase.
Well, both heaven, subgenius heaven and hell
and the escape vessels and all that could be broken glass
if you really wanted it to be.
Well, sure.
Well, go for it.
We're railroads.
Go for it, Katahdin.
Yeah.
Well, I guess I could just tell about the planet of broken glass
and you could just fill in the noun of your choice
or your necro-destination or whatever.
But the planet of broken glass
was made entirely of broken glass.
Yes.
And everyone on the planet weighed 500 pounds.
Oh my God, it's a big one.
And they would walk around all day on broken glass.
And every day at four o'clock for an hour,
it would rain alcohol.
Oh, the Goldilocks zone, they call that.
Yes.
Oh yeah, that's the happy place.
And not only would they have to cut themselves
coming into contact with everything,
but the people of the planet of broken glass can never die.
Even if they cut off a section of their foot,
and dropped it on the ground,
they would feel that pain.
And that foot would just lay there in the broken glass
in pain forever.
Throbbing.
And even as the course of time wears you down
to just one little sliver of meat left,
all those previous slivers of meat
on all those little jagged pieces of glass
are gonna be there suffering for you.
Quivering.
And at four o'clock when it rains,
it's just unspeakable.
Oh, and there's nothing to eat on the planet of broken glass,
except for the gold.
Except each other.
And broken glass.
And broken glass.
You know, a lot of my carnival friends do eat broken glass,
and apparently you can eat broken glass.
The glass from like the light tubes.
Yeah, you can, they eat light bulbs and stuff.
Does the planet of broken glass have any bananas on it at all?
There...
Because that's what you eat before you eat the glass,
and after you eat the glass.
Maybe if they're bananas made out of glass, they got broken.
There are bananas, but they are made out of broken glass.
And they got broken too, so...
Or St. Andrew the Impaled isn't here,
or he could demonstrate that.
That's why I know so much about eating broken glass.
I've seen it so many times.
I'm, you know, I'm always afraid that
when somebody's doing something like that,
something will go wrong,
and then I, an audience member,
will be somehow implicated,
simply because I was there,
because some sword swallower or glass chewer or
uh,
nail pounded into the header,
uh, makes a mistake.
And then, for some reason, it becomes my fault,
because I was an enabler.
I abetted it.
I stood in the audience and watched it happen.
I don't think I'm gonna be able to watch that.
I couldn't watch it last year.
I don't think I can...
Andrew the Impaled.
...screwdriver directly into his fucking face!
And we're also familiar with David Apocalypse,
the human blockhead, who also pounds nails,
into his head.
In fact, we've all seen these acts many times,
and have become somewhat inured.
Oh, here's a Jack T. Trick track
that was brought up by Reverend Asterix.
The Little Princess.
It's one about Baby Bear herself.
Daddy said I should have been a...
abortion.
Ehhh...
Oh, it's a sad, sick child.
It's one of those, uh,
those twisted, uh,
sentimental Chick tracks,
which aren't as good as the jolly, sadistic ones
that he puts out.
These are...
It's sad about a little, big-eyed child
dying and waving away and accepting Jesus
and all the rest of that bilge.
His best comics have snickering demons
hiding in the corners that, uh,
uh, comment on the action.
Hey, look! Ice cream!
What? What? What is this happening?
Heathen's homemade ice cream!
Thank you, Heathen!
Yeah, we were talking, uh...
These days, it's not really a proper subgenius event
or wedding unless you hire Reverend Heathen
to do the barbecue.
I think it's vanilla.
It's very good. I think it's vanilla.
Vaniglia.
It's quite good.
Mmm.
This isn't as heartwarming as the, uh,
the movie, The Little Princess.
No, no relation to The Little Princess.
Which, that's...
I'm a sentimental sucker for that movie.
Boy, that ice cream is high in butter.
It's only 3.9.
It's got everything they...
Look at him. You're pulling a sushi.
That keeps it from being...
You're talking to me, a guy in headphones...
Do you guys want a drink?
...who can't hear you unless you talk into that thing.
Just put your lips near the microphone
and your voice will be virile and unstoppable.
Yep.
Is that how this works?
Yeah, that is actually how it works.
Exactly.
But I don't sound the same when I get close.
Whenever I get close, my voice changes to this again.
Like that?
Yeah.
Oh, did you learn that from Pope S. Lilla?
Lil uses a mic like...
You know, when Lil is screaming, Lil would...
Yeah, I'll go right into the mic!
Look, we've all got Heathens' homemade ice cream.
Lil would whisper.
Lil would do that.
The Little Princess, she needs to talk to the Smiths right now.
The Smiths, yes.
I know a bunch of Smiths.
They'll set her right.
There's two of them here, I know that.
True smi, not the false smi of the conspiracy.
My God, that's good.
Isn't that good?
Mmm?
Mmm?
Good?
It's very good ice cream.
Okay, so now, you know, we swore we wouldn't talk about YouTube videos that the audience
isn't seeing, but now we're reading comic books and eating ice cream.
Sorry.
And come July 5th, 1998, we'll be describing much more hedonistic things.
Oh, I don't think you are台 7d, you know?
Okay, I know, OK, I don't care if I don't,
I don't put my head up, T novo wszystko!
Hey man, and Auto Channel, leave us a comment.
Hey Greg, it's pretty exciting and a cheeseburger with pepper.

I'm just gonna throw it out to my worth from the action souk.
You know, I think that restaurant was gonna lose employees at the Shoveling Centre when

And then they're gonna beArthur gang in there,ationincbreaker!
I know, yeah.

So B is the hour of slack.
It'll be the same one.
They're not one of the better ones either.
While they sleep.
That's...
Wait a minute.
You're describing my life at this point.
Well, you are a precursor.
You prefigure the post-X day.
Yes, I'm forced to listen to hours of slack over and over again.
Spoiler alert.
They all seem the same to you after 1,425 episodes.
Spoiler alert on this comic.
She gets saved and goes to heaven.
And look, she runs to the arms of Jesus and his scary, faceless father.
I hate in these how God is always trying to one-up everybody.
Mr. Spencer, I'm sure the thought of your daughter dying breaks your heart, right?
Of course.
Well, God was even more heartbroken when he sent his son from heaven
to die.
To die on earth.
Bullshit.
Why do you have to one-up everything?
Yeah.
He knew what was going on.
That was about as real as that time I was dunked in the pond on...
Oh, wait.
That was real.
That was real.
Yes, the passion of Ivan's day.
Well, I paid for the tar and feathers myself.
The martyrdom, the crucifixion, the transfixation of Ivan
and the other subgenius martyrs.
When you consider what suffering has happened
just so the pinks can fatuously,
slumber along in their delusion for a little bit longer.
This ain't a church of martyrs, friends.
I hope you realize that.
It's a church of farters.
Others become the martyrs.
It's farterdom we're addressing here, not martyrdom.
Yes.
A mummer's fart.
Nacreous gas.
Speaking of which, heathens just drove by again with a giant van of...
Yes, he brought the ice cream that we are enjoying.
This ice cream is so good.
And he's whooping up...
Reverend Heathen's cooking up Dave right now.
That big old goose man.
Dave is who we're going to eat tonight.
Tonight we will feast on his flesh.
Not the lonesome cowboy, right?
Oh, no, no. There's no meat on him.
There's hardly any.
He's a bony fellow.
No, this Dave is plump and ready to go.
Ready for the incisive incisors.
Oh, yeah.
He's a ravenous subgenius.
Princess, we threw a leg of lamb in there.
Oh, wow. So we've got a leg of lamb, too.
And not only do we have a leg of lamb, we have mint jelly.
Oh.
That's right. We have the lamb and we have mint jelly.
So no subgenius can bitch or complain.
What else could you want?
Well, I hope Dave the pig didn't suffer too much because...
Because that spoils the flavor.
Well, it seems like in this church...
We're a little hard on Daves, it seems.
There's a lot of Daves up for the burn-em-up.
These are the Daves of our lives.
Well, actually, I can tell you some horrible facts.
Well, let's hear them.
There have been a lot of famous subgenius Daves
who almost all ended up falling by the wayside one way or another.
But not the lonesome cowboy because being lonesome,
there was no way he could be ostracized.
And he has a body connected.
And because he was lying on the ground, there was no way he could fall.
Right. He was as far down as you can get.
But he still got his coat on.
I wish Dave could be here.
Me too. I would like to see him.
It's just his huge, slobbering dog will not allow him to cross his threshold.

Friends, if you have a buddy whose life would be improved by the death of their pet, call me.
I've been collecting poisons to help my friends secretly for a long time now,
and I have quite a long list of animals that need to die
to free up the lives of their human or subgenius slaves.
Yes, the animal body must be put out of the way.
The damnable beast flesh keeps coming back.
The beast flesh needs to be cut back.
They know which end holds the leash.
I thought you were just going to ask if there was anybody that knew a good dog sitter in Ashtabula.
I could sit on him.
We need a more permanent solution.
I don't know a good dog killer.
Well, who knows.
This dog is simply the straw that breaks the camel's back in Dave's case.
One thing too many for him to achieve escape velocity and get out here to Wisteria.
Well, you know, Northern Ohio is a depressed part of the Rust Belt,
and I think there's only four working cars left.
Among subgeniuses there, and they're all here.
So, that's the way it goes.
The rest of the cars are drawn by horses.
Dave's car will be fixed on...
Oh wait, Dave never spent his 30 bucks.
He never officially joined the church.
He's going to be left behind. Nothing I can do about it now.
Too bad.
Yes.
Someone will have to buy a membership right now.
Write it out for Dave.
Well, that's...
It doesn't count.
Unless you spend the money yourself.
...a membership for Dave.
No, it only counts if he spends the money himself.
Yeah, he has to do it.
I gave him 30 bucks, but he spent it on cigarettes.
What about all the politicians that Chainsmurker has bought memberships for?
Their money... His money is good.
His money... Chainsmurker will be rewarded a thousand times over.
Well, there you go.
He bought... He bought members... He's an Australian,
but he loves following American politics because it's, you know, like a comedy.
Because it's so entertaining.
He bought memberships for George W. Bush,
and during the elections he bought them for Sarah Palin, McCain, and Obama.
Do those count?
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Are we going to have...
I mean, no, not really.
Is Sarah Palin going to get an escape saucer?
You can't sponsor a membership in the Church of the Subgenius, you're saying.
No, I'm sure most of these people bought memberships under assumed circumstances.
They're not going to be called names.
There's no way that Sarah Palin wouldn't join the Church of the Subgenius.
You'd think so.
And Obama probably joined up in his pot smoking days as a youth.
He's younger than I am.
I had a poster, or a flyer that we did for one of my shows that I did in Columbus with my band,
and it's just... It was an inauguration show.
We do an inauguration show every time.
Wow.
An inaugurama?
Or at least the two times that it's happened while we've been a band.
And it's just a poster with a picture of Obama in a silly Panama hat smoking weed.
There you go.
Oh, right. I've seen that pic. Yeah.
It's really great.
Yeah, that's pretty famous.
Yeah, it was Mr. Sister's Facebook picture for a while.
It was for the auction.
Oh, it was for the auction.
It's a bottle of weed.
Now, I've learned a long time ago, don't just...
If Dr. Dark walks up and hands you a bottle, don't drink it.
Awesome.
The last time he did that, it was bacon flavoring.
He didn't tell me to drink it.
It's a very exotic soda pop, which we're going to auction later on.
It's the real appetizer, or so it purports.
I've never heard of that one, and I'm somewhat of a fancier of soda products.
Dr. LeGaymer, we really missed you down at the baptism today.
You kind of started that whole thing.
You were one of the main baptizers.
Well, you were the main baptizer for a long time.
Yeah, I didn't catch anyone today.
Yes, that's true.
I unfortunately finally had the sleep that I needed to get.
Don't fall into me by force.
Oh, okay.
I understand.
I'm going to bed early tonight, friends, because I...
It contains no fruit juice.
As much as I'm in suspense about 7 a.m. tomorrow, I'm still going to get a good night's sleep
and wake up...
That's not nutrition, then.
Freshly.
Fresh and bushy-eyed and...
No, it just says that it was in a facility that processes peanuts.
And I'll be dead.
And you'll be what?
And I'll be dead.
Oh, yeah, you're going to die by X time.
Apparently it's made of nothing.
You've been saying that for some time.
Don't rush me.
There's still a few hours.
Right.
I have time.
Synthetic color, sugar, citric acid.
I have no idea what this will possibly taste like.
Oh, those are the lyrics to the next song on stage later tonight.
Jira Masala.
Jira Masala, the next hit.
Philo, a couple of years ago, Philo and Reverend Angry Larry used ingredients on bottles on
the stage as Swedish death metal lyrics.
So they were playing this death metal thrash music and screaming out, you know, artificial
sugar water, made in USA, trademark, trademark.
More like that.
I can't do it.
I'm not a musician.
I'm a talented singer like Philo.
It works every time.
Well, how long have we been?
This has been 55 minutes.
55 minutes of protracted nonsense.
55 minutes of slack.
Oh, of slack.
Yes, that's what I mean.
Which would mean a whole hour.
Slack.
That gives you enough time to put in the credits and...
55 minutes of slack.
Imagine over the course of time how much of your life you can recover.






I can't even claim.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
I just have that 55 minutes.
An extra five minutes every week.
Well, how many hours of slack have you done?
I just gain back all the time I've wasted.
1,425.
Now, five minutes times that, that's a pretty good chunk of time.
You could get a lot done.
You could have a hell of a party in Bangkok in that amount of time.
Yeah, I guess so.
You could totally be missing out on that Bangkok party simply by not making it the 55 minutes
of slack.
Is that what Silvio Berlusconi referred to as a bunga bunga party?
I don't know.
All I know is that 55 minutes of slack would use up a lot more neon when I finally make
the big neon hour of slack song.
You should get John Law on the case.
He'll build you one.
What if we cut it down to the split second of slack?
The micro nanosecond of slack.
Let's go back to doing the minute of slack.
The...
You know, those were harder to do.
Do you know how many seconds you could save in your life by eliminating the other 99 one-hundredths
of a minute?
You know, recently...
In less than 12...
In less than 24 hours, time won't matter.
There won't even be hours anymore.
Scientists recently figured out the shortest possible interval that could exist.
The speed that a photon moves might be...
Microscopically within an atom at the speed of light to get from one spot to another.
Scientific American defined this as the smallest possible quantum moment.
The smallest possible increment of time of slack.
We add.
That's the saddest thing I've ever heard.
Well, that's the way it is for some people, you know.
You can't just expect it to...
Like the unborn.
Like the unborn.
They don't get any slack, do they?
The unborn.
They don't have any slack.
Well, what about that...
Who thinks about slack for the unborn?
That Republican legislator claims fetuses masturbate in the womb if you're following the news cycle.
Oh...
They're getting slack.
The little malfeasance...
Busted!
Yeah, what channel's even watching?
Sitting before they're born.
Busted.
Who trusts some kind of pedophilic politician who likes to watch babies masturbate in the
womb?
Well, he's trying to show you shouldn't have b-abortions because the little kid's
are in there enjoying themselves already.
Even at an early age, they're doing it with themselves.
He's just making sure he can get streaming video.
Possibly.
You know, that would actually explain a lot, but I don't want to go into that.
Well, we won't talk about it now.
We'll table it as the subject of a future colloquy.
You sure have a pretty mouth, Dr. Howe.
Thank you, Reverend Stagg.
You talk with that mouth that James makes those pretty words.
Yes, it's all true.
We're going to ascend to our native soil.
Starry stars.
A brighter and better world than this one.
Gleaming in glory.
After a night of dubstep and partying.
After a night of filth and imbecility.
You've been listening to the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information, write to P.O.
Box 1814189.
Have a great night.
7 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 or see www.subgenius.com.
Praise Bob!
