Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack, sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station and only in the city of...
Test, test, test, test.
Yes, dear friends, and I'm sorry about having to send out a rerun last week on the Hour of Slack,
but it was either that or never finish the rough cut of the X-Day video, and oh, it's going to be worth it.
I think there's really quite an interesting video to be culled from the footage from the five different cameras.
The...
That's what I've been doing, and I've been healing up from an operation I had, dear friends.
My family and friends refuse to listen to me when I tell them about irrigating my nasal passages, my sinuses.
And they say it's gross, and they flee.
But you, my dear friends and radio listeners, are sort of a captive audience.
Sure, you have the off button, but I bet you want to know how, after my...
operation for a deviated sinus, which is meant to clear out my sinuses and allow the snot to drain,
they drill...
There are already drain holes there, but they drill them a little bigger,
and they scrape out any polyps or other growths that may be inhibiting the free flow of air and drying in the sinuses.
After the operation, and after they've pulled the large splints and...
and...





long tubing packing material out of there,
they have me irrigate the nasal canal with salt water, my dear friends,
with a little bit of bicarbonate of soda as a buffer.
But it's like being splashed in the face real hard by a wave at the ocean,
and you suddenly get all this salt water shoved up at your face.
It's great!
You take one of those air bulb inventions, like...
much like the rubber bulb device used...
to suck snot out of a baby's nose.
You may not remember that.
If you're not a parent, you probably don't remember it being done to you.
But, um...
It's...
If you use a bulb and squeeze bulb invention, sort of like that,
and you suck water into the bulb and then squirt it towards the back of your head,
through your nose, hard enough that it...
As you squirt it in one nostril, it comes out the other nostril,
and down the back of your throat.
It's...
It's kind of a fun sensation.
Because if you do it right, you can feel it hit the back of your sinuses
and kind of back up against the back side of your eyeball.
It's not really touching the back side of your eye,
but it kind of feels that way.
It makes you go...
When you first do it.
Anyway, friends, now that I've finally managed to...
Oh, and I have to mention that little particles...
You know you're doing it right when little particles,
kind of reddish chips of things,
or strange...
Strange-looking boogers come out.
Now, it's in our local FCC rules.
This is not exactly obscene,
so I can talk about these bodily functions,
I think, without fear of getting the station in any trouble.
Okay, that's enough of that, friends.
I'm going to go back to the tapes,
the lovely tapes that we have building up around here.
Got a lot of new material from Hell Pope Huey,
one of the first radio doctors.
We hadn't seen in a while.
So, uh, we had a lot of stuff.
We had a whole bunch of stuff set up at X Day in Brushwood.
Oh, listen.
That's ESO in the back.
Sort of.
I think it's Chaz and some strangers jamming in the background
at X Day at Brushwood.
We, of course, have lots of...
Oh, let's just go.
Let's just do it.
I swear upon a box full of Marvel Comics action figures,
especially the coveted chrome Iron Man set,
that you're listening to the official divine ramblings
of the Reverend Ivan Stagg
on the subgenius hour of slack tune in next week and learn how you can win your very own repulsor
ray bob is a great shot with him thanks too i once saw him pick a mole off the neck of an obese
senator at 300 feet we are going now to the white house for an emergency press conference with the
president of the united states bill clinton gentlemen of the press honored guests my fellow
citizens i've called this special press conference today to make a historic announcement i bear news
today of such significance to the future of the united states of america indeed of the planet
earth that i believe our children and our grandchildren for generations to come will
remember the important threshold we've crossed here today at 805 eastern time this morning
i had the unique honor among presidents indeed among human beings
to be able to be here today and to be able to be here today and to be able to be here today

of having been contacted by an alien species from another planet
now calm down everyone please the the aliens have assured me that they mean us no harm
they the aliens have an intelligence equal to our own but they do not resemble us physically
they are much smaller they are small enough in fact to fit inside my trousers which they
have
colonized now i'd like to introduce you to the leader of the aliens but i caution you once again
they do not look like us they are more i would say snake-shaped i present to you fellow citizens
the alien leader now he has a name calm down everyone please he has a name and that is one-eyed
red willie and he oh iirler 물man i guess you got it woe lester it is woe existe but it is not a





I think he's going to say something.
I think he's going to talk.
Hi, everybody.
I'm an alien.
Do-de-de-lee-doo.
It would appear the president of the United States
has lost his mind.
As you can see, the alien has respected
the formality of these proceedings
by rising to his full height.
The Secret Service has seized the president.
You're going to anger the alien.
You're upsetting the alien.
They are attempting now to remove him.
We risk interplanetary war.
Now let go.
Please, no.
Shoot us.
He told me about all these lasers he's got.
He's going to shoot.
Oh, there he comes.
He's going to shoot.
Oh, he's shooting us.
He's shooting like crazy.
Oh.
Suddenly shut off, waiting for the approach of Zyra.
The silence, an eerie foretelling of the destruction
to come has won us last.
The hour of doom.

Things are flying.
Things are dying.
20 million miles to the world.
Here they come again.
The end of time.
20 million miles to the world.
Forward.
The world.
World.
Think you're going to go.
20 million miles to the world.
Mr. Mistmatch is all over the world.
20 million miles to the world.
Here they come.
Here they come.
Here they come.
Here they come.
Ha, ha, ha.
Here they come.
Here they come.
Here they come, here they come
Here they come, here they come
We're falling behind schedule. Trucks are waiting to load plasma and medical supplies. They should have been aboard now. Hurry, hurry!
Here they come, here they come
Here they come, here they come
Here they come, here they come
Here they come, here they come
Here they come, here they come
Way outside, far in your head
Twenty million miles to Earth
And the sky to the left, your brain goes dead
Twenty million miles to Earth
And the world's pulled behind, there's nowhere to hide
Twenty million miles to Earth
And there's nothing you can do, especially when you're going blind
Twenty million miles to Earth
Here they come, here they come
Here they come, here they come
Here they come, here they come
Here they come, here they come
Here they come, here they come
Here they come, here they come
Here they come, here they come
Here they go, here they go

Here they come, here they go
From the land beyond the arms
From the world of hope and fear
And did you speak mind?
And were Prem of fear?
It's Candy Frappy.
It's Frappy Candy.
Stop.
Eh?
You're both right.
Introducing new Candy Frappy Frappy Candy.
Stripes and stripes and stripes of colors, colors, colors, colors, and colors.
Colors that go below infrared and way above ultraviolet.
And the taste?
Frappy Candy.
Well, I can see these two won't need any words or worms.
For several days now, I should say, I think.
So don't forget.
That's new Candy Frappy Frappy Candy.
Now with Extra Dimension Love Hamster 16.
Habitual not included.
Tell Jeff and all your Acer friends, this one's the beans for maximum best fun.
Candy Frappy Frappy Candy.
From Squidco, the Gobi Bar people.
Masturbation is a sin.
The masturbator murders an average of 25 million potential souls every time he succumbs to this activity.
That's equivalent to dropping a hydrogen bomb on Southern California.
Just for a few seconds.
Sick moments of pleasure.
To assist our young people in avoiding this wholesale slaughter of billions of human lives annually,
the Daugherty Corporation is introducing the all-new Daugherty Pocket Sex Diverter,
a remarkably simple device that plays an effective motivational recording
developed especially by leading psychologists from around the world.
Thinking about masturbating?
Simply click on the Pocket Sex Diverter, listen, and be saved.
Only we offer this exclusive radio demonstration.
Think about a nasty girl.
Would you like me?
I'm really nasty.
Quick!
Turn on your Daugherty Pocket Sex Diverter and listen.
His blood-gorged monster inched forward.
This is really going to feel good.
The woman squealed oddly as her midsection suddenly became transformed into a commercial ice crusher.
Hello.
I'm a girl.
Hello.
I'm fat and sticky.
Hey, I'm marching along, singing a song.
I really feel great.
Don't masturbate.
Hi, this is Leonard W. Kramer, president of the United States Steel Corporation.
I do not masturbate.
Although I could if I wanted to, I don't.
I am the president and chief operating executive of the United States Steel Corporation.
Smart kids don't do it.
Leonard W. Kramer doesn't do it either.
Remember what God says.
Girl, I'm nasty.
Boy, I feel better now.
Hey!
Let's play some ball.
All right.
Hey, hey, all right.
Hey, hey, come on.
Come on.
All right.
Come on.
All right.
All right.
The Daugherty Pocket Sex Diverter works, and God knows it.
Don't risk having to explain why you don't have one on Judgment Day.
Order your Daugherty Pocket Sex Diverter now.
Hello.
You've reached the Subgenius Foundation.
All our operators are busy right now.
If you're calling to order merchandise, please phone again at 1-888-669-2300.
At the sound of the tone, please enter your ten-digit priority code, and leave a brief, concise message,
Thank you, and praise Bob.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Slack is different for each person.
Although, for much of the world, Slack is nothing more than a good meal.
One might call it something for nothing.
But the normals, the mediocritans, the somnambulacks, and pseudo-subslans have tried to make it something which we've been led to believe we must work to buy.
It is this yearning for Slack that separates us from them.
The human may live out his entire life in a grinding cycle of slacklessness.
His hours consumed by meaningless toil, interspersed with meaningless leisure.
Yet, he never feels cheated.
He thinks it's natural.
Perhaps we should pity them.
But face it, most people are venal jerks.
Half-witted cattle racing each other to be first to the slaughterhouse.
And stampeding you along with them.
Awake, I'm awake.
Awake, I'm awake.
More orange in the sun.
Tell them to wake up.
This one's not very reliable because there are no definite rules.
This is Dr. Onan's Wotan Band.
Now, the next thing you'll notice in the subgenius is, you will pay to know what you really think.
Go ponder.
Go ponder that.
Don't believe any of those other imposters.
None of them.
This is the real hello.
Wait, that third imposter said we could believe him.
He said it.
Yeah, that's me, though.
I'm the third imposter.
Well, that's the trinity of our Lord right there.
It said that it would come in threes.
Our third imposter.
Our own great imposter.
Hello?
So you're not only the son of the great imposter, and also a supernatural inquestory and bullfrog thing over there.
I'm the father of the great imposter.
You're its own daughter in some sort of cyclical retrench.
Oh.
That's terrible.
Well, they had, as I say, it was a genetically engineered mold, and they're able to, like, you know, clone it around your pet.
And it's this custom-made thing, and it makes your pet into, like, a slow-moving pet statue golem thing.
So you're explaining Stang as a preternatural mold who became golemized?
Osmolite.
Hey, I just joined the conversation, so I'm, uh, clueless.
Uh.
That's kind of the way we all are, too, Reverend Stang.
We, you know.
It seemed like.
Hey, we could form a club of the people who don't quite know what's going on.
And might be geniuses.
Except.
Except they're too stupid to be geniuses.
I wonder why we could call this a club.
Why we could.
Because we talk about many, many things that seem deep.
And we seem to get to the, the core of, of questions.
And then we, we get distracted.
Hey, I know.
Let's call that club the Too Stupid Club.
How about a bunch of frots of morons?
That's kind of negative.
Too stupid.
How about the, the almost smart, you know, that's, that's too show-off.
How about, how about something like this?
Under intelligent.
Below brilliant.
Oh, I'm sorry.
How about kind of smart?
Kind of smart.
That's not so negative.
How about.
I like that sound.
How about the.
Kind of smart.
The not too messed up club.
Yeah, but then we'd have to get a bar and a funny guy with a handlebar mustache and a
big orange pumpkin head to push us liquor.
How about the brilliant retard?
Yeah, how about.
Yeah, that's more like it.
I like that.
Well, but that's sort of offensive.
That is.
What, retard?
Brilliant retard?
Yeah.
Maybe it could be the.
The retarded geniuses.
Huh.
Okay.
How about.
That's kind of not.
Intellectually.
That's not very nice terminology anymore.
You're not allowed to use that word.
How about nearly challenged?
Uh, no, wait.
You already.
No, you can't use the word challenged anymore.
You can't.
Challenged is no longer PC?
No.
What can you say?
Uh.
Not really.
On or off?
On or off.
But off is pretty much, uh, you know, thought of as negative.
So you can basically, all you can say now is on.
The on people.
The on people.
The on.
So the on people are not.
The retard age.
And the retard age.
The no people.
The no people.
Oh.
And there's the sideways version of the oz people.
The bonobo people.
The done people versus the not done people.
The overcooked people versus the dunghill spiral gyros.
Didn't we figure that it was the bonobos and the no.
No blows.
The no bozos or the no.
The no blows were the ones.
The no blows.
That's what I was getting at.
The no blows.
And copulate with a lot of.
A lot of monkeys.
The no no blows.
Victor Bonobo.
The no bozos.
Victor Bonobo?
No.
Victor Bonono.
No, no.
That's not a real name of a real man.
No, he died in that helicopter.
He was a psychologist, a musicologist, a fish monkey squirrel, uh, entertainer.
Yeah, didn't he die in that helicopter crash?
Playing the underwater piano.
Playing, yeah.
Twilight Zone.
Yeah, his feet were chopped off in the helicopter accident with the two Mexican.
That was the day the music died.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's what that song was based on.
It sure did for me.
Halle Berry.
I sent him a single white rose in one shoe.
Speaking of songs.
I got a song here based on a chapter from the Apocryphon.
I want to see Priapus with a drum solo.
You know, the big zonker weasel one.
The big smacker.
You know, the priaptic one.
You'll be seeing it soon.
It's coming your way.
And it's coming and coming your way.
Don't forget your duty.
Your duty is clear tonight.
As you look out on the strong minions of vast, vast sea of faces here.
Be assured that none of you will falter in your duty tonight.
When it comes your time to kill Bob, you will kill Bob.
You will stand forth and deliver that fatal blow.
And he will love you all the more for it.
So stand tall, hold your arms and your legs high, and sing the happy song that we just learned a few short moments ago.
Tim, would you like to run me back?
Uh-huh.
Rafe, would you like to sing a chorus, please?
Now, Mr. Bleepo Abernathy would like to.
Would you like to lead the chorus in a song for Bob?
Oh, Bob is on your air.
And he is in your chair.
And as you stand before your guy, you can know there is none higher.
Bob is on your thing without a shingling.
Because Bob has that thing.
He knows everything is green.
Woo-hoo!
I forgot what the words were, but that was the original version.
That was a beautiful rendition.
Yeah.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
We're going to kill him anyway.
Bob, everything is green.
It's beautiful.
Yep, that was the Green Bob song to celebrate.
It's beautiful.
Once again, folks, friends, this is yours truly, the Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
The reason why you haven't heard any new High Time shows is because I've been preparing for this show with Einstein's Secret Orchestra and the Church of the Subgenius.
And friends, I want to say it's been wonderful.
It's been worth it.
Because the shish kebabs were very well-
The bobs were delightful.
The bobs were the best bobs I ever, ever, ever.
And on the phone this evening, we're so happy to have with us the Reverend Ivory Shannon.
And the lovely Miss Dr. Lester Squanks also with the Ivan, Reverend, Reverend?
Is it?
Simply yes.
And what are you going to sing for us tonight, Barbara?
Yes, well, I have not made that decision.
My manager, you must talk to him.
And where would we find your manager?
He's right over there.
Ask him.
Oh, hello.
Yes.
What's your name, please, sir, for our broadcast?
Pablo Vigente.
Pablo Vigente.
Pablo Vigente.
Pablo.
Pablo.
Pablo.
Paolo.

Paolo.
Paolo Vigente.
Vigente.
V-I-G-E.
Vigente.
Yes.
And what, you're Barbara's manager?
Yes.
I manage the firm substance she called for a long time.
I mold her and shape her like a little piece of clay.
And boy, you can really see it when you look at her.
And standing before us tonight is Barbara Lashane, who is wise.
My Barbara Lashane.
Your Barbara.
My Barbara Lashane.
I worked her from some, she was small.
I visit her family in Puerto Rico.
And her fabulous success is only unequaled by even such likes as the towering Jesus.
The towering Jesus was pretty good.
But I don't think she got the kind of shape, the same kind of figure like you were saying the other day.
And of course the new Menudo show that, I think that outsold every single pay-per-view program ever made.
It did, but you know, nothing like what Barbara can do, someone she really put in her...
You mean she outflanks ten-year-old boys naked?
Oh, she outflanks them like a soldier without a weapon.
Man, she's scared sometimes.
Well, I think the entire Western world is standing by hoping to see this moment.
And I think this is perhaps the penultimate moment in hers and every career.
That may ever be and may ever appear.
That's right.
We have so many long distances.
So, Stang, do you have anything to say about this entire thing that we're about to premiere?
Yes, yes.
All right.
We're just waiting for him to...
Do you want me to say something or what?
Yeah, are you going to say something now, Stang?
Oh, it is this thing that we are about to premiere is by far the greatest thing that we have ever...
been about to premiere.
Thank you.
You can say that again.
Row, row, row your boat gently down the stream.
Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, life is but a dream.
Row your boat gently down the stream.
Row, row, row your boat gently down the stream.
Row, row, row your boat gently down the stream.
That was wonderful.
That was simply wonderful.
That was the best thing I ever did.
I'm so proud of that.
And that was just the first time anyone has ever heard...
such high art.
That was commissioned by the same people that commissioned that opera by Stuart Copeland.
And Barbara, what do you have to say about that now?
Well, I'm just glad that this has all been acknowledged because it is very difficult to get that perfect, you know,
row, row, row your boat feel, you know.
And the opera house built for this was built by you, Charles Foster Kane.
Charles Kane, I can't believe that you're still hanging after all this time and making opera.
And you can go back to the opera houses for starlit wives who basically pleasure you orally and yet...
nevertheless, you continue with this chaotic lifestyle.
Well, I've been doing it for so long I can't stop now.
I tried to give it up, but you know I see a glistening tall monument like that
and I think about a voice like Barbara has and the next thing you know, I'm building a new opera house.
I was doing some work last week at La Scala as a matter of fact,
and believe me, I don't think time's ever going to stop me.
I like to build opera houses.
Build them and build them large.
I build them. I build them large. I build them big.
That's the way I am, actually, from the new Republic of Brazil.
Are you planning on starting any wars with your newspapers anytime soon?
No, I think we're going to burn the whole thing down,
because, you know, if you want the real kind of money,
you've got to go after the insurance money.
I never really made it in the business.
Well, our reporter from down in Arkansas, Texas, has this to say.
Oh, I have the watch. Pardon me. I can't hear you.
I said, oh, our reporter down in Arkansas, Texas,
has this to say about the entire thing.
What you have just heard was perhaps the most astounding thing
that I shall ever hear.
Hear, hear. Hear, hear.
And it's only available for an unlimited time now.
Do you want to switch gears?
Yeah, sure.
Whatever.
Okay.
Let's take a look.
I cannot hear you.
Let's take advantage of Ivan.
Oh, should we be closer to the phone?
Is this better now?
Is that better?
Not much.
No?
If you huddle down here, can you hear if we're down here?
I can hear that better.
Oh, well, if we all got down here,
and we could have, like, a real bonding moment.
Stan, can you hear me better now?
Is this better now?
Oh, except it kind of smells bad down there.
It's okay. It's just the cats.
Gather round the phone, friends.
Get close now.
Am I here? Am I near?
You have to kind of snuggle together.
It's the only way he can hear us.
Oh, now I kind of like it down there.
You can push me deeper down there if you would like.
It's so fun to step on you though, Dave.
You're so soft and mushy.
Yes, they were stuck in self-mushroom denial.
It was a mushroom of denial mushrooming around them,
fetid as the mushroom basement of cats.
Oh, I see.
All right, are you ready? I'm gonna do it.
Okay, here it comes.
The cat was in the next room expressing himself.
Fuck!
exclaimed the cat.
That was some great barbecue you got down there.
Yes, for it turned out their cat had come from down south.
Down where the smoke was so thick,
even the trees couldn't lick it off their own leaves.
I could spend forever down there.
Down south.
And the further he bent, the hotter it got.
And the hotter it got,
the more the steam rose to the top of the tips of the ceiling.
And the sultry-voiced siren waved
with her bra strap falling down across one shoulder blade.
And she called out to the subway car,
running hot, hot in this young subway night.
I can hardly hold onto these buttons.
Listen to that subway run.
The prizefighter's gloves glistened hungrily.
On the mantelpiece of the fireplace that lay with the war photographs.
On her family and the other families before them.
Going all the way back to the first families.
Let us share meat now.
And they shared the meat before them as they had a thousand times.
And a thousand bloody platters just like them.
And on a billion-zillion be-knighted,
beef-fouled, filth-covered,
encrusted planets like this one, dear friends.
Price-bop.
Quit your job. Slack off.
Quit your job. Slack off.
This Christmas will be the last Christmas.
And what are you getting Jesus for his birthday?
Jesus works very hard.
Down at the packing plant for the Subgenius Foundation.
Filling thousands of orders every week.
Sweating, blood running out of the holes in his hands.
He deserves a present this Christmas.
It's his birthday.
Let's remember Jesus.
Send large packages of unmarked bills to
Jesus, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Praise Jesus, who is a God of peace.
Great friends and good youth.
Great meetings as classes,
great
left to die or to dive in to another existence
because so far the readings have not been positive.
Tom, we've got another remote.
It says that the radioactive levels have gone up beyond five,
which, as you know, means we may have to evacuate these studios soon,
but the children here are still our utmost concern.
Oh, come on.
We can provide our own roasted meat in the form of our own flesh that we eat.
And the children.
The children.
Look at them turning on their little spit.
And Harry Como roasting them with facing them in vast.
Man, he knew no mercy back then.
Was that just a transmission from the other Dave in the capsule?
That was from another idiot who stays up until four in the morning.
That's the club.
The club of idiots that stay up until four in the morning.
Yeah.
Only it shouldn't be a club.
It should be like the lodge or something.
It'd be like the moose lodge.
The guild.
Yeah.
We should be a guild.
It should be a mystic fellowship.
Yeah.
Yeah, a mystic fellowship.
Yeah, so it had a bunch of mumbo jumbo on it.
Yeah, we've got to have like a secret avatar or some kind of thing,
a figurine, like a little cat figurine.
The church of the idiots that stay up all night.
The church of the idiots that stay up all night.
So, no, the stay up before four in the morning.
Is that it?
Yeah.
That sounds better, I think.
That's the usual hour.
It's when the birds sound obnoxious is when it's best.
Yeah.
Tweet, tweet.
And who occasionally stay up.
Stay up until the birds actually are chirping.
And then go to bed for an hour and then get up and go to work.
Right.
It's your real job.
Were you guys spying on me last night again?
You can go teach at a university.
Oh, we are spying on you, man.
There are bugs all over your house, and we're not talking about cucarachis.
We're talking about, we know when you take a, when you're experimentally meditating.
We know who you're thinking about when you do that, too.
We know why you're thinking who you're thinking about.
We know what it smells like when you're thinking about it.
Oh, is that who was smelling my refrigerator?
This morning?
Yeah, man.
That's the guy.
That was you guys.
Okay.
That's the you guys.
Well, why didn't you just say so?
Well, because we were in our luminous bodies.
Oh, the luminous egg parts of your stomach.
You can't talk when you're in the luminous body.
Yeah.
Right.
And I was in that state between wakenedness and sleep called television.
I mean, the other people who are also in their luminous bodies can talk to each other.
Yeah.
But you can't talk.
Just say you were at that state between waking and sleep that's called television.
That's correct.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.








I thought I heard you say that.
I thought I heard that, too.
That's actually a quote from Les Brown, the television critic.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, that's a good quote.
I used to kind of date Les Brown's daughter.
Oh, the band of renown?
No, no.
Seriously.
This is a guy named Les Brown.
He used to be the television critic for the New York Times.
And one day, it was like really late at night.
The guy's actually pretty smart.
He writes like encyclopedia television stuff.
And I knew his daughter, Jessica, from camp.
We were sitting around.
I was trying to figure out a way to feel Jessica up.
Without her parents noticing at the table?
Right.
And we're watching some strange, banal thing like the A-Team or something.
And he'd had several brandies.
And he looked at me with bleary eyes, and he said,
There is a state between wakenedness and sleep called television.
This guy was a renowned TV critic.
Yep.
Yep.
I'm telling the truth there, too.
He was gazing at the meat on the end of his fork.
It was the moment of naked lunch.
Just for the sake of public record, I never did get to second base with Jessica.
I think I was born in the early 80s.
Well, you know, there's probably a good reason that you didn't.
That Bob had in the back of his mind.
He had other plans for you.
Possibly.
Possibly.
I want you to remember that experience.
You got to go with it.
You know, you got to be ready to go with that mission that's handed to you.
You were saying, Bob, let's run down there and mount all of those cows.
And Bob was saying, no, let's walk down there and mount all of those cows.
Oh, and you know what's great?
The older you get, the more you actually get to do those things that you thought you would never get to do.
Like, for instance, a greater affection for cows.
Like, I never wanted to have sex with, like, a whole herd of cows, let alone one, you know?
And, yeah.
You never went cow tipping, Dave?
Not with using old Priapus there, the old pluvia tube.
That was the whole idea.
No, I never.
I tipped some over just as a crude, rude stunt and a buff, but I never tried to mount one or even walk slowly to try and mount one.
For easier mounting?
I didn't realize that.
No, no, you tip them over after you mount them.
They don't even notice.
Cows, you know, you city boys don't realize how dumb a cow really is.
It doesn't know what has happened behind it.
You know, you could cut the back half of it off.
So it's timed legs off, and it would, about ten minutes later, it would turn its head around and move.
Notice that something had happened.
So in your childhood, you would go out and have sex with cows?
And then, like, butcher them with chainsaws and then tip them over?
No, no.
No, we didn't butcher them with chainsaws.
They're valuable.
You'd go out there.
Not just, this wasn't, like, for any real lustful.
It was mainly just to show off.
You know, a bunch of guys would go out, and the cows sleep standing up, you know, out in the pasture.
And you'd go out there, and you'd have your way with three or four of them.
And when you're finished, you'd knock them over, and they'd just fall right, you know, they, they're no fun.
We'd knock them over, and then we'd close Fireside Theater.
Oh, he's no funny.
No.
He'd run over.
And, and, and as far as I know, none of the cows ever had any little subgenius babies.
But the kids, the kids used to say, uh, Red Rover, Red Rover, let Stangy tip over in his neighborhood.
That's what they would chant.
Move over, Rover, let Stangy tip over.
Yeah.
Didn't you see Stang, like, looking like he does right now, only as a real little kid with the glasses are, like, really huge.
Yep.
No, I didn't have glasses then.
I looked exactly and sounded just like Bobby Hill on that cartoon.
I was on that cartoon show, King of the Hill.
Did you have a little beanie cap?
When I was that, when I was tipping cows, I was a little...
Did you have a little beanie cap with a propeller on it?
Huh?
Did you have a little beanie cap with a propeller on it?
No, I, I wanted one.
I thought you could fly if you had one of those.
Well, the ones that, the, the ones with the wings...
I thought you could fly if you...
Really, the wings really worked.
I thought you could fly if you became a nun.
No, Princess We had, had one that would make you fly, but then when the UFOs left, it lost that power.
Oh.
No, the one, the one you gave me.
The one you gave me, Princess, worked.
Yes, I do have the wings, but those are different.
Oh, yeah, these are the ones you strap onto your back.
Yeah, we're talking about the beanie, the propeller and the, and the, the lid of the helmet.
Oh, well, those are much less efficient than the wings you fit on your back anyway.
Is this the same as the, like, inflatable duck statuettes?
I mean, it does the same thing?
The slow motion animal ones?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I'm not sure.
How the hell are we gonna make it for, what do we got now, 300 and some days?
I gotta do this show for how many more weeks?
For...
For 52...
For 12 seconds?
I know the feeling.
I feel real sorry for the WCSB listeners because the ones that are real hardcore and listen to this show and Hour of Slack.
Yeah.
Because the next Hour of Slack is nothing but the last four of this show.
Yeah.
Re-edited.
Mixed with your re-edit of the last four shows.
So it's like I had the original shows and the re-edit.
Uh-huh.
And, uh...
And you're gonna be getting a whole lot more of that.
But yeah, he's sending you the tapes of the original unedited.
The tone of this show is gonna be getting that working out.
Channing's again.
Really good.
Blank.
Well, thanks.
With our Mel Bates.
You're having Smith boys more.
Realize who you're talking to.
I am the commander-in-chief of the Army, the Navy, the Air Force.
I call on all loyal Americans to picket the White House right to your congressman.
Don't let them pour any new water.
I have deposed.
Oh, for God's sake, let us sit upon the ground and tell sad stories of the dead of seeing.
Once more into the breach, dear friends.
Once more into the breach.
That was after the Washington-Denis flap.
A UFO flew in triangular formation over the White House.
But you see, the brain of Charles Dorff is preserved in the British Medical Museum in London.
I've opened the skull and looked at the brain.
Now, the heads are a little bit large.
But after all, you see, megasophallic little people yourself.
Many little people have heads that are a little too big.
Oh, yeah.
Well, he helped the oil man who made the talk.
He is the one who told the oil man all about it.
These groovy cats could care less about what happens in Washington.
It's really not their bag.
It's like getting into the aliens, you know.
Going back and remembering when I first became an alien.
Now the big one.
Why?
Why is all of this being done?
What have they built you to do?
I don't know.
I don't think anybody really knows except...
that it's over in Moscow.
And my American operator here...
Okay.
To break the political juncture.
I'm cats right now.
I just don't diez know who I had this boy.
That's just the story.
But I'd rather have boomerangs and stuff as a partyび
because those things are weird things.
But what the hell why are you here?
What are you trying to add?
Well, my friend and I have a lot of exciting stories...
I have a father.

anybody willing to find it and write about it and explain it is this vast right-wing conspiracy that
has been conspiring against my husband since the day he announced for president and by saying
conspiracy they're saying lunatic they're saying mad they're saying out of the mainstream and
therefore not to be taken account of you know if you find a turtle on a fence post it didn't get
there by accident and i just look at the landscape around here and i see just lots of big old turtles
sitting on lots of fence posts possibly the best book ever written on the subject of turtle stacking
she's got that right the the length and extent of this conspiracy is absolutely fantastic
actually that's where i'm going right now there's a vast conspiracy meeting downtown
that the proof of this the sophistication of this conspiracy is the utter absence of evidence for
the conspiracy that's how clever the conspiracy is at covering itself up this is about as
conspiratorial as a steam calliope he didn't believe there was a
conspiracy he didn't believe there was a plot but let's talk common right now yeah common sense
it's called conspiracy would you give me a chance it was a first class mess in my estimation aren't
you glad i never get political so anyway lenny and carl are never around on wednesdays and they
don't tell me where they go it's like a conspiracy a conspiracy eh you think they might be involved
in the kennedy assassination in some way i do know sources within the united states using perhaps
cubans
in this conspiracy i still believe that it is conspiracy thank you very much mr chairman super
patriots fellow crackpots members of the constitutional underground republicans and fellow
democrats i'm mighty glad to be here again so far because he had a lot of troubles with the
brothers kennedy he was very much upset very much upset about what kennedy had been doing to hopper
he felt uh sympathetic towards papa describing as a man very much of the workers very much
bobby kennedy our attorney general the most outrageous appointment since caligula named
his horse a console and uh my informant heard him say very distinctly that in order to do away
with bobby uh you had to uh get rid of the president of the united states and that you
had to find a nut who would be capable of assassinating the president christmas christmas
christmas gift you slap stephanie still say him about earnest gilbert appreciating the

boucher doesn't have to bury us our leaders are burying us stupid as i am sometimes i
started digging about the kennedys jesus wasn't it too bad that bobby kennedy had you picked
up in the border to guatemala just to see what he'd say you know and then he said don't
worry we're taking care of that the editing keeri says you know you kill the head the
tail drops off you're going to kill bobby kennedy for years he said no you tell the
president bobby gets taken care of once upon a time a home on his dog with a lover i blackam because

in a deep forest. Out of food, the starving hunter sat by his fire one night and finally
he could stand it no longer. He whipped out his knife and whacked off his dog's tail and
put it on the fire to boil. When he was through, only the clean bones were left and he tossed
them to the whimpering dog who devoured their remains and then licked his master's hand
in gratitude. That's the story of federal aid.
Later on, he'll put the fire
every tree by the fire
to peace and a place
to life and to faith.
Plato said the penalty good men pay for indifference to public affairs
is to be ruled by evil men. I think we are being ruled
by evil men.
What can one person do?
Hello?
Isn't this what you're trying to do?
What?
It appears as though something has happened in the motorcade group.
There has been a shooting. I repeat, a shooting in the motorcade in the downtown area.
You shot that guy and killed him too.
Huh, huh, huh, huh.
If the hard disk of your mind is emitting smoke,
then the downright cuddly referend I'm saying
says the only cure is to douse it
with a big old bucket of the subgenius hour of slack,
which you're listening to now,
even as I lovingly baste my previous employer's
scribbled-up heart in a white wine sauce.
Bon appétit!
The only way you can hope to escape
the fields of heaven that William Burroughs after he died
is to mentally attach yourself to this weekly dose of
the subgenius hour of slack
with a suspicious yet riveting reverend I'm saying.
This station takes no legal responsibility
for making him the way he is.
Thank you!
Oh, quite welcome there, Hell Pope Huey.
Well, dear friends, I guess it's time to switch
this combustible Edison music in the background
over to Call of the Space Siren
and give you credit for sticking through this show for so long
and credit for those who helped make this show
so very, very difficult for us all.
Um.
Let's see, from the very beginning of the show
that business, President Clinton's announcement
about the alien leader in his pants
was from The Onion,
the increasingly famous humor newspaper
out of Madison, Wisconsin, there,
and they did a CD called Not For Broadcast
about three, four years ago, 1994.
Um.
Lots of fun.
All in good, clean fun.
Now, where's my notes?
Oh, yeah.
And Hell Pope Huey, who we just heard
with those hour of slack drop-ins,
he has dropped in again and did the drop-in at the beginning.
Of course, there's plenty of Einstein's secret orchestra
with Lonesome Cowboy Day and Chaz Smith, the maestro,
Princess Wiardo, and Reverend Lepo Abernathy.
Uh, guesting.
And who, Reverend Lepo, who also did Candy Frappy Frappy Candy.
Um, the Dorothy Pocket Sex Diverter comedy piece
was sent by Hell Pope Huey.
I don't know who did that, but I bet it came from KPFK,
the Houston, Texas, uh, Pacifica radio station
that used to be cool, uh, a long time ago.
There were some musical sweeps and amazing bits
of music.

That's by Ludwig Sears, a piece called Low Flying Maps.
That's not available anywhere.
Praise Ludwig Sears.
Uh, it's bits and pieces from, uh, the old hour of slack,
uh, number 79.
We're now on hour of slack number 654.
And there we just, uh, switched over
to Hell Pope Huey's, uh, lush background music.
Uh, it's strange to think.
That such a, a brute of a man, uh, could create such, uh,
uh, lovely sounds and music.
Anyway, uh, where was I with those credits?
Um, also, uh, friends, yes, uh, oh, Onan Canobite
did that song Think a Bob, fragment of Think a Bob.
Um, again, lots of Einstein Secret Orchestra.
A long, long stretch of radio business there.
Friday Jones, uh, at the beginning of, uh, Show Side 2,
uh, with her Christmas song.
And, uh, the Christmas subgenius ad had background music
by Yukon Jack.
Praise Yukon Jack there.
And, uh, uh, Suzy the Floozy, needless to say,
did the, uh, Conspiracies Media Barrage,
or audio collage, we might say, that was, uh, culminated
in a Kennedy assassination media barrage,
uh, blaming the Three Stooges.
Uh, that will be continued probably next week.
Suzy's Conspiracy Barrage is one
of the most amazing audio collages I've heard
in a long, long time.
And in general, hers have been just, uh, uh, truly, uh,
stagger-fying.
And, uh, praise, praise the beautiful, uh, Reverend Suzy
the Floozy there on WREK in Atlanta.
And all of those of WREK and all the other shows
who have come to praise Bob and to help us share,
uh, his word and his deed with you.
You, our beloved listener, to whom we so desire
to bequeath what slack we may, but yet you know slack
can be known by you only for you and all over you,
on you and under you, and kind of getting the, your pants
all over your lap.
And it's embarrassing when you don't know that.




And you walk across the restaurant or the classroom
and they can see what you have done and that you had slack.
Praise Bob.
Oh, and you can have more slack, of course, friends,
by, uh, getting our paper information.
If you've never seen that, if you've only ever just heard
the Hour of Slack radio show and other, uh, or even maybe seen
the Arise video and, and maybe even checked out the website
at www.subgenius.com.

Friends, long, long before those highfaluting
electronic distractions, there was always the one true book
and the second, uh, other true one book,
the book of the subgenius and Revelation X.
And, friends, you can get more print information
in your physical mailbox, not just a flippery little, uh,
signal going, uh,
through analog waves on the air, nay,
and not a digitally, uh, recoded, uh, thing oozing up
out of your computer, but real paper you can hold
and grip in your hand and tear up and stamp upon, my friends.
And you can have it for free from, from good old J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Yee-haw, friends, and that's in Dallas, Texas.
Just get that, uh, pencil out and write to the Subgenius
Foundation or just write Bob.
We'll leave the pipe lit for you at P.O.
Box 140306.
That's right, Dallas, Texas.
The zip code is 75214.
One time somebody said, Reverend Stein,
where did you get that fake Texas accent?
And I said, at 7-Eleven.
And that was the honest answer, friends.
Christ, Bob.
Oh, I should also mention Einstein's Secret Orchestra
at P.O. Box 81555.
That's P.O. Box 81555, Cleveland, Ohio.
44181.
For even when Bob lost, Bob won.
4-4-1-8-1.
You're listening to the subgenius hour of slack.
Too late to stop now.
You might as well go all the way.
Going all the way back to the first families.
Let us share meat now.
And they shared the meat before them as they had a thousand times,
and a thousand bloody platters just like them.
And they appeared instantaneously.
Stop with the meat.
And the corn was roasted and looked so like a fish,
they couldn't believe it until they peeled the very skin from the corn goddess herself.
And she sighed.
And she thanked the corn god.
And the corn people danced before the moon.
They held the corn high like a pharisee,
for they wished to impregnate the earth
with their own blood.
With their own misbegotten ill-designed juices.
It wouldn't be long before the corn god would reemerge,
taking them all with it.
And this was the night.
The night their king appeared before all the others,
and told them of the dress.
The dress stained.
Yes, this was the dress, the garment, the very soiled garment,
as very much perceived in all the other ancient texts,
of the garment of the king's mistress,
which would be stained so,
as to bring shame upon the king.
But no, the king would lay upon the throne,
and stroke it for all it was worth.
Once again.
And the corn people danced.
They danced.
Forgetting the words of the king of the others.
And they danced.
You know how them Smith boys are.
They're meal blanks.
Even when they're shooting blanks, they can still kill a stuntman.
That's right.
Who is dumb enough to put it up to their noodle.
I wouldn't...
A lot of those stuntmen,
especially the people without their...
all their limbs are gone.
Well, the golfers, especially.
The stumpy.
You flip them off a building, and you don't even need one of them devices.
Well, there's a whole union for those guys.
The pro-stumpy.
Yeah, they get a lot more...
Their scale is a lot higher than the regular stumpy.
You know, I think golfer head launching is pretty much on its way out.
I mean, the palmer head is gone.
It is in orbit.
Thank Bob.
It's left the planet.
Yeah, thank Bob.
It was ruptured.
You were gonna launch a tennis player's testicle,
and you said you were gonna do that.
That was...
You said about four different things you were gonna launch.
I don't know if the idea of launching is maybe over.
He said 20 pounds and 20 miles in 20 minutes.
So you should actually launch your own homemade device right into the crowd.
Your own little rocket ship you make.
That should be the stunt.
So we're gonna do that right now.
Liquid?
It's got a body part attached to it, or it's not a subgenius religious...
Liquid or solid propelled, Dave?
I would say it would have to be liquid
to kill all the people on the planet.

Well, if it's gonna kill people in the front row at least...
Yeah.
Oh, solid fuel would kill them all, but you want a pretty gory scene in the front row
if the vehicle comes...
Well, once you start the solid fuel, you can't turn it off.
You can't turn off solid fuel?
No.
Well, that's more dangerous.
I'd try that one, then.
All right.
What if you cut it in half while it's burning?
You could do that, yeah.
Is it still solid when it burns?
Yes.
So the smoke is solid, too?
They could knock out a lot of people with a concussion, after that.
Absolutely.
Set up a concussion stand, make money.
Smoke is...
So you do like a combination of the liquid and solid?
You can do that, yeah.
Liquid.
You can do that with a colloidal...
Yeah, I was gonna say I do that every morning.
But if you get a burn through, well, then you get what's called the...
It burns.
...the challenger.
We used to call that liquid in high school.
I'd just eaten too many hot peppers.
I challenged her out, man.
Yeah.
You don't wanna do that.
It's dangerous.
It's unnecessary, too.
You know, we lost another rocket.
What?
Was it yesterday?
Man, they've been losing bunches.
Really?
There was like a $6 billion one or something, right?
Yeah.
Well, they're putting them little Evan Root Outboard Motors on the back of some of them.
You guys are arguing about solid or flatulent food.
Well, and they're built by...
They're built like a woman.
...union gremlins.
Yeah.
They're built like...
Built by golems, actually.
It's those experiments to... for alternate fuels, you know.
Well, you know, if I was...
Well, if I was...
I should say when we put our satellites up, I'm just gonna use Chinese rockets.
You know, that's what an awful lot of industry uses, Chinese rockets.
Right.
Yeah, right.
So the Chinese are the workhorses of the rocket industry now?
Well, they're good at putting your payload up in orbit.
Yeah.
With...
You know, you...
They're good at delivery, sis.
Don't have a toy.
Have we had this conversation before, or did I get an operation?
No, I had that conversation before.
I think these...
Oh, okay.
That's what I'm...
...whisper in your ear.
...when you had it.
Yeah.
Hey, well, we got a cruise from this...
Speaking of rockets and missiles...
We've got a cruise.
We've got a cruise, man.
Well, we're...
Well, while we're all being silly tonight, I'll have you know the Soviet...
Or the Russia has become a place again.
Oh, yeah?
A communist place.
Well, the communists are gonna take it over again.

An evil empire.
Cool.
So much for the end of the Cold War, kid.
The Cold War is gonna heat up again, because they're wacky.
They're wacky.
We're wacky.
We're all wacky.
So let's get guns and go do it.
You'll pray for the return of the Cold War when you experience the Boiling War.
I'm not gonna do that.

I'm not gonna do that.



I'm not gonna do that.
The all-new Sloviet Union.
You'll wish it was the Cuban Missile Crisis all over again when...
Harriet, Bob, and Harriet...
That's not just one crazed faction in the Kremlin, that's five different crazed factions in the Kremlin
all armed to the teeth, competing with the two major factions in Washington.
But thanks to Bob, you can be teethed to the arm.
You'll wish you were climbing Hamburger Hill and Pork Chop Hill at the same time.
You wish your buddy's face was being blown into your face.
And July 5th, next year...
How many times do you have to say Pork Chop Hill?
Eating pork chops.
Too many pork chops.
Too many pork chops.

Oh, to sleep.
Eating pork chops all year.
I'll never wake up again...
...on lullabies and dreams that Bob has found.
Statue of Enter, only $14.95.
This sounds like heaven.
