I get confused by all the claims made in commercials.
Oh, well, listen.
I think your first responsibility is to yourself and your family.
What?
Thanks for the call.
Hello, you're on Pennywise with Jim Phillips, and you are...
Bob.
Okay, let's go to line four.
This is Pennywise.
I'm Jim Phillips, and your name is...
Bob.
Yeah.
Commercials.
Hello, caller.
I get confused by all the claims made in commercials.
Yeah, and your name is...
Bob.
Hi, Bob.
What can I do for you?
What?
Go ahead.
Hello, this is Timothy Larry reminding you that just as you need slack,
KNON needs your help.
Send in those pledges and praise Bob.
I want him.
I don't know who he is.
But I know where he is.
The subgenius.
Our own SWAT.
What are you talking about?
The spirit world, man.
You see, it's always the same.
There's no stopping what can't be stopped.
No killing what can't be killed.
He's our boss!
He's our boss!
He's our boss!
If you want it, here it is.
Come and get it.
You are about to experience a full-length subgenius show the way it was meant to be heard.
Eh, eh.
In full-frequency modulation stereophonic broadcast sound.
So relax.
Three beats per measure.
Sit back.
Exercise one.
And enjoy our feature presentation.
This is the story about the brave men and women in the Church of the Subgenius and all the things they did to get themselves evicted from the Hall of Shame and Narcolepsy on Fantasy Island.
But when you get right down to it, good triumphs over evil.
And the forces of light trample into bloody pulp the sickly powers of darkness.
So remember as we wander through this charnel house, this abattoir we call life,
that even though the future promises nothing,
destruction looms ahead.
And the end of all joys, old age, robs us of everything worth having.
There are some nice things in life, like a shaft of sunlight drifting down, down...
Down to what to do next.
You know, what is this thing called slack?
What is this slack?
Slack is slack.
You pink!
You don't know what this slack is.
You can't define slack.
Slack is slack.
Always there.
But it never grows and it never shrinks.
And you see, subgeniuses are special because they're the ones who...
I grow it. I'll sell it to you.
...who...
As I was saying to Bob just the other day,
dox old man, I said, I seem to have a restricted outlook on life nowadays.
It is as though my vision was surrounded by impermeable bands of copper.
And when I put my fingers through the holes,
I feel nothing inside.
Nothing, Dobbs, you hear me?
I feel nothing.
You know, ever since our introduction in early 1991,
the Bob Dobbs Plus version 6.04 has been the unsurpassed leader in fast, fully automated frustration for the radio.
The standard against which all other subgenius wasteware has been measured.
But all things must pass.
On July 29th, 1991, the mantle was passed to the new standard.
Bob Dobbs Plus version 7.
Available.
In view of the tremendous aggravation produced by the current version,
many users have asked, why come out with a new version?
Bob Dobbs is already the most hateful program on the market.
I can't even dump the damn thing from my tuner as it is.
The answer is simple.
We take our responsibility as the tautology leader seriously.
Seriously.
Like its predecessors, version 7 represents a quantum leap in the ease of confusion, downtime, and advanced audio system bugs.
Ha.
Yes, still reference.
I get confused by all the claims made for these.
This profits the radio ground whose powers come from the thunder eons shall be transformed over man.
They shall be the masters of the doors to the new Jerusalem from a narrow front height which is my sign and are sons of the image of my chosen one who is a fool.
It's from the other side.
I can feel him all around.
You can't see the eyes of the demon.
Until him come calling.
This is Dreadmon.
Truly great.
No, no, no.
No.
No.
No.








No.
No.
Ladies and gentlemen, please leave your sets adjusted.
We are having operating difficulties which has necessitated a delay in the beginning of our Sunday movie.
It's such a wonderful life.
It's a wonderful life.
It's a wonderful life.
It's a wonderful life.
And now we don't even force you to listen to the commercials about Bob Dobbs Plus 7,
which is, after all, the fastest gut blowout program ever created for the radio,
crashing it up to 10 megabytes per second on today's high-speed computer transmitters.
What? For time-consuming chores like fax modem harassment, faster is always better.
A plus version 7 hour of Slack features improved patent-permeable BlabPack compression cells.
Twang, twang, twang, twang.
And why don't you play some of the lovely cantrips of Jesus?
We don't have to hear this bad stuff all the time.
What a beautiful world it was.
What a wonderful world this could be.
We could all have radios in our heads, you know.
And listen to the show all the time. Wouldn't that be neat?
And you wouldn't know what to do.
You wouldn't know what's tape and what's real, what's live, who's there, why they're there.
Ugh, it's so neat.
The more faith you have in yourself and God, the more Slack you can attract.
Pull the world over your own eyes.
Because then you can really just pull the world over everybody's eyes and really see what's going on.
And you can show everybody, expose the identity of the world.
Right.
People saw finally.
I...
If I go into a war, they'll be like gerek kontroll biblin times and go like that.
You know, like...


Pod 살� kar car k composed hai kam si ba...
You are living in your passion.
But can you think of 바라밍 ska WiFi ma prisoners car to, you?
Well, lately things, they just doesn't seem the same.
Oh, I actin' funny, and I doesn't know why.
Excuse me while I kiss this guy.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Purple haze all around.
Don't know if I'm going up or down.
Am I happy or in misery?
What is this doll? Put a spell on me.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Can't live without a piece of magic.
Live here.
I got nothing to give you.
If you can't know your love to tell.
Scene two.


Yeah, I don't know if I'm going up,


I don't know.
Like I said, I don't have any room,
Promo haze all in my eyes
Don't know if it's day or night
You got me going and you blew my mind
Tomorrow or just the end of time
Isaac Hayes
Daddy Hayes
Willie Mays
Helen Hayes
Speaking of Helen, where does getting near go?
When the lights be closing your tidely lies
I'll soon be with you, my love
And give you that potato-headed surprise
Stay with me, darling
Soon
I'll stay with you till all them stars start from falling
And falling
I've been waiting so long
Till then, where am I going?
In the sunshine of your life
Oh, oh, oh
Now hold on just a second there
You leather-faced metal freak
And your potato-headed what-you-call-it
You're talking to her?
That's nice, huh?
Yeah, you bet I'm talking to you
I got something to say right here
Ain't you the man in black?
Just get your stuff ready
It's getting near dark
The lights shining through on you
I'll soon be with you, my love
Who knows?
It's the mornin'
And just we two
I'll be with you, darling, soon
I'll be with you, darling, soon
When the seas all dried up
Just seize the seas
Talking dried up
I'll seize you, baby
I'll see you soon
Shut up!
I said I'll be with you soon
Too very bad
I'm going out of my mind
I'm going out of my mind
Shut up, you!
I'm going out of my mind
I'm going out of my mind
I'm going out of my mind
Shut up now!
And if I never see you again
No, no, no colors
But a touching어주
My darling
that chair follow me we all know we're in the art of selling we share a mental and an emotional
climate of unconscious selling right in your own home and here's some more of it
the bible and bob are crazy the kind of crazy that comes from faith so when bob says you have
to spend money to make money he knows what he's talking about and so do i money is like the wind
you can only feel it when it's moving god bless you no mistake time does march on here now that
we have a new stereo stereo when everybody sells we're all selling but we all have something to
sell yes everyone's selling together mighty symphony of prosperity for we all have something
to sell
try to escape go ahead try and we're selling it
i don't expect you to swallow this tissue of absurdities i expect you to open your ears and
learn all this is secret revealed wisdom from subgenius headquarters itself and i don't want
any of you look at the date on this material it's back from the 1990s this is all outdated this is
now this is
the first generation that year now is 2025. can you actually believe that this was actually before
the exodus invasion this was actually before the liberation of the society
open your mind without judgment bolivia the tattooed lady people sure had it rough back
then didn't they use judgment yes doc i think if we just move this stone we can see the secrets
the secret of master control programming be careful of stones that you move aside you never know what's going to happen to you
under master control all things are equal seeming looking like and appearing to be are not properties of the object
give me a hand here move this stone will you
woe be to the one whose limits are so narrow as to believe that a thing is forever and immutably one specific and unalterable being
even the mountain
even the mountain
and all things
flow like water
and all things pass away from the eyes of the sons of men
i feel sleepy don't fall asleep it's the curse
i feel tired
i still think that people need to address the current problems addressing the past of the future generations
what we're looking at here is people living back in the 1990s and not seeing just how terrible they really have it after all it is only the current generation that has anything of any value in the world


we need to kind of have ceiling
then we need to respond to reality
and then we have to forward of each making purpose
studying
everything and how it's gonna happen
you by my evil duplicate in the vest pocket universe you know in the past
people actually tried to make themselves look younger and yet at the same time
they tried to get rid of those terrible zits well here in the future all adults
try to put on their oxy 510 which improves their remember reception
swings and terrible mutations which we call the balloon images which make them
all the germ of it at any rate back as far as the mid-1980s when the fashion of
looking ugly was just getting going since then the deliberate don't
cultivation of contrived ugliness has swept society to disappear well let's
just have a look at the current religious establishment how we take our
new revised biblical Bible oh dude look at these Ten Commandments they've all
been changed or should we say they've been modernized take for instance oh
rule number five that's an
I'm
I'm
I'm kill people wrote that back in the days when there weren't enough people
now of course the world's overpopulated there's 12 million people we don't need
them anymore so thou shalt kill enjoy it take for instance rule number three
thus are commendable three that was back in the days when people just needed
one wife but now of course we believe in bilingual misrelationships so you have
as many boys as you probably want now that says thou shalt not steal that's
back in the days when there was enough stuff to steal now everyone can still
do all the support their crack habits it's absolutely wonderful world that we
live in don't you think it all now I'm not quite sure
it's true being cool yeah this is more show than most folks can handle even handed
to him on the end of a shovel there's one thing I but only two ears you must
pick out one show and listen carefully
everyone put on your oxygen masks and don't panic this happens all the time around here
don't worry folks this is only the warm up for the real show of course I am I'm trying
to now there's some irrelevant jabbering it sounds like Mr. Magoo down there at the bottom
of the sound well and you know what come over here it's just a little bit more exciting
Well, that brings us to the fact that Master Control is the infinite computer lurking in the gravity well at the center of the universe.
It's simple. The transmitter of secret code messages from Orion, the alien brain implant.
Unlike puny, finite biological deities, Master Control does not crave our affection, weep for our failings, or punish our errors.
Master Control perceives no differences between self and not-self, but leaves such pastimes to the hollow, instrumental beings.
To create its endless patterns.
Never let it be said that those in control are indeed in control.
Well, that certainly applies in this case.
You know, we've got ten minutes left of show.
What?
Expose some religious secrets.
You mean we don't run on to 2 a.m. this time?
Actually, we've got 30 minutes of show left.
Well, that's a little bit better.
But that should not be interpreted in any way to think that anyone is actually endorsing or approving.
Look, if you don't watch out, I'm going to shift it into reality.
This show is being very disappointing.
I've been looking over the, uh, the, uh, the survey.
Our wonderful operator is taking these surveys, and the disapproval rating of this show is reaching 72%.
And I, I, I don't know how to explain it other than just saying that people are disappointed with what you're hearing.
Are we going to get more of that buttery-sugary popcorn at the end of this program?
You're damn right!
Oh, boy!
Well, in that case, the whole trip was...
You just fold the top of the bag and it fits into the oven. Place it over there.
I can't wait!
Put a blue bag on it, and it comes to support it.
Hold the top.
Oh, I don't want to hear what's in it. I just want to eat it.
Cool. Do not place bagel bagel platters, by the way, on your tables, which are not in the original part of the oven.
That's right. What if you could not place your caramel popcorn on the turntable?
Because it does make popping noises.
Count out to those of the specks of dust that get in between the booth and your record player.
Kirk, you should keep giving out that number so we can test the metal of the type of color that's been around here.
I'm ready!
Refreshment.
Refreshment.
For your enjoyment, there's hot, fresh popcorn.
Tempting, delicious hot dogs.
And so many kinds of ice cream.
And, of course, sparkling, delicious, ice cold Coca-Cola.
For everybody.
At the refreshment counter now.
Showtime. But now it's time to stretch.
And vent.
I just wish the subgenius would get in here so we can start the show.
Hot, cold Coca-Cola.
You know, people are going to realize that the subgenies couldn't make it.
And that this is all just a bunch of amateurs.
Taste a piece-a-dee-sa pizza for the taste of old Napoli.
You're doing a terrible imitation of Dr. Howe.
No one's going to believe that.
And that puzzling evidence, that sounds like they got it from the amusement park.
You know, if I could get a word in edgewise, I could tell you boys how to see your own brains by taking a candle and moving it.
I don't think the audience is really ready for that.
All you need is one good, strong light source.
Please don't show them. They tend to get sick.
It's a wonderful trick.
I mean, once you see your own brain, you kind of realize that you yourself are nothing but a loser.
A little rubbery, gluey thing.
Surrounded by a vault of bone.
Enough of this trickery.
They know this is all just a hoax.
The subgenies aren't even here.
This is all just a bunch of amateurs faking it.
Dr. Howe, you don't look like that at all.
You're a girl, for heaven's sakes.
And who is this guy trying to pawn himself off his puzzling evidence?
I've seen better imitations at the freak show.
We've never even heard of a Polish prince.
And his father Joe Mama, he's a legacy of a myth.
He doesn't even exist.
So...
What's the matter?
Come on out in the open.
Admit it.
There is no Aunt Bertha in the studio.
There never was.
Stop doing that.
You're getting my dander up, young man.
We've been stood up.
Don't you understand the significance of this?
They told us they'd be here and they...
They sent Timmy and me to take their place.
And Papa Joe Mama specifically said that there'd be a donation to Aunt Bertha.
Dial a story.
Box 1.
Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Aunt Bertha the Troll has died.
We tried to get the information from him, but he couldn't stand the hunt yet.
It's not going to stand for this anymore.
All right.
If those subgenies say they're going to come here at 11 o'clock, we expect them to show up at 11 o'clock.
I left a message on their machine.
I don't mind telling you it's a little bit vicious.
I'm sick and tired of all these people that are just through their teeth.
It's like some big conspiracy.
All right.
All right.
Calm down, young man.
I'm going to squeeze until I feel the vertebrae between my fingers.
You need to read your Bible.
It's outrageous, I say.
You know, God has a special plan for you because you're a very special person.
Where are Billy and Timmy?
It's time for us to go because we're not wanted here.
I'm floating and I can't get down.
He's floating because he can't get down.
Aunt Bertha.
Let these silly young boys do the radio show by themselves.
We're obviously not needed here.
Aunt Bertha, Bobby was looking up your skirt when you weren't looking.
Who's Bobby?
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Oh, it's Jimmy.
He just put on his Bobby mask so he could fake us out.
I don't know these boys and I never talk to Bobbies.
Come on.
Ah, that's my foot who locked.
Timmy, Billy, stop.
Aunt Bertha, he stuck his finger at my noo-noo.
He's looking at me.
Oh, my God.
You boys are going to have to have a special session behind the woodshed.
Where's Donald Trump when we need him?
That's where we always do all our fun stuff, isn't it, Jimmy?
Get my phone.



Come on.
Come on.
Put on the weird music.
Come on.
Come on.
I got to tell them all about master control programming.
This ain't entertaining.
You know, when I was walking...
Oh, that was, of course, Aunt Bertha and Timmy and Billy on, I believe, KZSU.
Yes.
Our father Joe Mama, Puzzling Evidence, Dr. Howell, and I don't know who the other person
is.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

Are you ready?
Let's get started.
Here we go.
Let's get started.




.
.
.
.
.
Uh-oh!







.




Oh!
This is about to be a sheer holiday!
No time to play, niggas.
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
What?
Now, if you will flip this record over to the other side,
the testimonies and songs of the children will continue.
Ah, human soul fills a man's belly so well.
If only I had been able to stay asleep.
I had this nightmare.
I dreamed I was on an airplane from Dallas to San Francisco,
but there was problems with the engine or the runway or the landing gear,
and they couldn't land, and suddenly the captain sounded like Hal,
and all the stewardesses walking back and forth sounded like Mobius Rex were mumbling,
and then I turned around and sitting in the seat next to me was Gary Gabogman!
This is the Gobi Desert, and just fasten your safety belts.
This is a little brief period of turbulence.
More fog. More show.
That speck below us on the left is more.
Hey, am I allowed to smoke in here?
Sure, just try.
Sure. Sure, no problem, Paul.
It doesn't bother me a bit to watch you smoke, Paul.
I don't miss the cigarettes.
It's fine. It's no problem.
I'm all right. I'm all right.
I do not call it a mistake, a mendacity.
I call it a sin.
I call it a sin.

I call it a sin.

Perhaps flu-based is the word.
All right, all right. Thank you.
Just shake your cat on the sheet of paper.
Down here at the little live station with all the live little doctors,
we make you almost as free as Jesus at this hour.
Yes, but it costs the people of California a lot more than Jesus will ever cost them.
Their lives, their souls, and now, yes, we want their pocket change.
We want their pocket change.
And if you don't believe that, son, then you might just as well have shot that man J.R. Bob Dobbs yourself.
You might as well yourself have loaded that Saturday night special.
I did load the Saturday night special, but I handed it to Hatwood.
And you might as well have nailed J.R. Bob Dobbs' hands and feet up onto that cross along with Dean Woodman.
Hatwood.
Hatwood.
Hatwood.
You might just as well have dragged Bob's body through the streets, pelting him with rotten fruit.
You might just as well have performed that autopsy and thrown away the eight bullets that would have proved how many gunmen there really were.
We're all guilty.
Guilty.
Guilty.
Oh, does that mean we're show zone?
Yeah, show zone.
Okay, everybody.
Thanks for us.
Oh, boy.
That was easy.
I came all the way from Dallas for this.
And the audience is happy, too.
The show is over.
You were mentioning another thing about electricity, the electric world, which, of course, we are all a part of.
Which, of course, we are all a part of.
Which, of course, we are all a part of.
And I was reading the Jewish Daily Times today.
Like you do every day.
Yes.
Henry Jaglon gave it to me to read.
Jaglon.
Gesundheit.
Henry's son of avant-garde filmmaking.
Yes.
That's what it means in Yiddish, right?
I'd like to read you a true story.
All right.
Little Eli would eat only if his father played the elevator game with him.
Eli's mouth is the door to the elevator, and the food on the plate is people waiting to take the elevator and be carried down to their home in his stomach.
One day, Eli would not open his mouth.
Eli.
Eli.

His father said, open your door.
The people are waiting.
They want to go home.
No electricity, father, said Eli.
And he shut his mouth, never to open it again.
Yes, little known stories in the world of electricity.
About little known Jews, right?
Every week about this time.
Which is a part of the master program in your subconscious mind.
It's as if your life has been scripted.
It's as if you've been scripted for you.
Through the influences of all the...
It may be the one thing capable of saving this cockeyed world, yet you sit back there on your fat hoax and tell me you'll kill it if you can't use it.
Well, you go ahead and try you couldn't do it in a million years with all your radio stations and all your power.
Because it's bigger than whether I'm a fake.
It's bigger than your ambitions.
It is bigger than all the precious and fresh hoax in the world.
As long as true slack can still be had for free, the conspiracy cannot entirely win.
And Bob still has a chance.
Bob still has a few aces up his sleeve as well.
One of the most crucial being you.
You, the viewer.
Every check you write to Dobbs is a new warhead on his spiritual ICBM.
You found that change is very, very difficult.
But that's no excuse.
You can get excited and inspired for a while, but it doesn't seem to last.
That's because you didn't pay up.
And this is because most systems work only with the conscious mind.
Yes, Bobby.
You got me all worked up again.
That would have been nice.
Come with me.
The martyrdom of the prophet herald of our faith, called Bob.
And in today's program, we're going to deal with the story of the Bob's martyrdom and the events surrounding it.
Wow!
On that blistering July summer day, there were the barrels of 750 rifles awaiting the command to fire and take the Bob's life.
He seemed so young to die, barely 30.
He was a pencil in a table, and a person's man.
He could possibly be guilty of the shocking crime which he was accused.
Would you get off your knees?
Somewhat unorthodox, wouldn't you say, Reverend Scott?
But realistic.
If you deliver sermons like this, it's a wonder you're still an ordained minister.
Or are you the best kind?
Angry, rebellious, critical, a renegade.
Stripped of most of my so-called clerical powers.
But I'm still in business.
That's right, dear friend. Still in business.
There's not much you can do about it.
The Elder Gods tried to stop Bob, you know.
The Elder Gods were jealous of Bob Slack.
Because the Elder Gods have no bodies, you know.
And they can't ooze or squirt like us.
So they sent Bobby to hell.
And stole his squirts away.
Now think of it, friends.
Dobbs in hell.
Pursued endlessly by demons and relearning the concept of pain.
Which he'd forgotten in his great slackfulness.
While bastard gods like Wotan usurped that sexual, spiritual orgasmicism.
From which they had disconnected Bob's astral senses.
Makes you want to do something about it, don't it, eh?
Huh?
Like what? Shoot a shotgun up into the sky like Jane or Harry?
Like what the hyperclites did that one time?
Now friends, these statements may not go well with the polished sensibilities of the rationalists or the modernists.
But what Bob's trying to get you to do is to invest wisely in the greatest commodity, dear friends.
The most potentially profitable aspect of your entire being.
The eternal soul gland in your foot that's powered by all of nature.
You probably didn't even know that the soul is a gland.
But that's what this is all about.
It isn't politics.
It isn't some new wave art boy poop.
It isn't pop psychology baloney.
What Bob's talking about is the eternal slack force of this planet.
And it is worth more than everything else on this planet.
Bob Dobbs is here to broker the transactions over that soul, over this planet.
Which will inevitably occur when the Elder comes.
And God's begun to hunger for even more of it.
More of your slack.
And to see that you don't sell it for less than market value is what Bob wants to do.
He don't want you to sell it cheap just because you're too ignorant of what it's worth.
He don't want you to let it go too cheap, friends.
Because he knows where you can redeem it later at a much, much higher price.
And ye shall be rewarded and have slack.
If ye but will heed in discernment the mighty, mighty word of Bob.
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Well, you seem to be enjoying the punishment.
Punishment?
Ha ha! The church has blessed me.
That's what it's done.
Back into some new country in Africa.
Hell, I had to look it up on the map to find out where I was going.
Oh, my bishop doesn't know it, but he's given me exactly what I wanted.
Elbow room.
Freedom.
Real freedom.
Freedom to dump all the rules and all the trappings.
Freedom to discover God in my own way.
You call this an act?
It was an act.
I saw an article in the recent Billy Graham column on religion.
It said, Dear Dr. Graham, I recently converted to Christianity,
and yet I'm not presently killing Dr. Sabat.
Is this perhaps a theological contradiction?
Can I be a born-again Christian?
And this moment, killing doctors survive.
That's the kind of forces we have against us.
What the hell is this about?
It's about the fact that the land is on fire.
But the hour for Christ's return was at hand.
You want to pretend you're burning in hell.
That's why you had to.

I'm going to put the heat on.
Leave the heat on so I can feel more like the devil.
Yes, devil.
Yes, devil.
Yes, devil.
I'll be your little helper for a day or two.
I'll get your dirty deeds done dirt cheap.
Pull out in front of me.
Hatred.
Hatred.
Hatred.
Hatred.
Oh, no.
They won't give me a job down at Kinko's.


Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Because you're the devil.
They don't want the devil working at Kinko's.
Oh, I might be the best layout artist in Knoxville.
I might be the most creative layout artist in Knoxville.
But no.
No, no, no, no.
Just because you're the devil.
Just because I have so much hate in me.
So much hate that they knew that I wouldn't really enjoy the job.
I just didn't want to be in the job.

I just abused it to the max till they kicked me out.
That's all I wanted.
Oh, I thought everybody hated you, too.
Yeah, well, I just feed off their hate.
Because nobody, nobody can hate me more than I can hate them.
Ain't nothing...
Got that piggy smell.
That piggy, piggy smell.
The hate.
The hate.
That was Reverend Onan Canobite.
And the mysterious Mitch.
Talking about the hate.
The hate which empowers the men of Bob, dear friends.
There's nothing wrong with it.
Can you not feel the unceasing crystalline love





of the logic that pulsates within these words they've spoken?
To some, yes, it may be terrifying.
To see the truth within themselves frightens most people.
They can almost see it as a visible force
pressing outwards from the body, straining to escape.
Yes, it blinds some to see the sheer power
of total, complete, irrefutable logic such as ours.
Unimpaired in any way by the conspiracy taints
or pinkish programmings.
Just the simple,
simple truth of the mathematically perfect,
yet organically random permutations
of the superior rational which shines on us all through Bob.
Some it scorches, yes.
Some it feeds.
This we know logically by definition.
It cannot be argued.
We have discovered through a complex series of experiments
various formulae which prove that if Bob indeed exists,
then nothing we say
can be untrue.
Our faith, therefore, is unshakable.
It is a whirlpool, a maelstrom which sucks in all evidence
to its own contrary and spits it out, cleansed, reshaped into proof.
Not vague scientific guesswork by Earth primitives,
but the precise code sequence that triggers in the recipient
the knowledge of what it is.
This may be unacceptable to some less flexible minds
which are immune to the imagination virus.
The antibodies of would-be rational thought
may try to consume it, but logically,
because of the context in which we're speaking,
there is no such thing as rational thought.
We believe this logically, without remorse.
There is no rationality.
There is only pure emotion, pure superstition,
pure suggestibility on the part of the human mind.
There is no human dog.
But Bob wants this.
He wants it to continue.
He wants Jehovah One, the great mutator,
to know that we know he's there,
so that we are not smited for our pride.
He wishes the tape of the universe to forever roll
in the natural way, not edited by evil time gods.
And he shall do it, dear friends.
Bob!
Bob shall save our souls.
It is, however, recommended that all subgeni
do repent on your deathbeds, just in case.
There are fountains like bruises in the building
Wind is calling, dew is falling
Roses and dew
We never slept, the sweet roses
And dew
Come taste the nectar of roses and dew
Garden is near and it's waiting for you
Sun starts shining, moon is glaring
Come squiggle into view
The garden is full of sweet roses and dew
Music
Music
Music
Wow, this is electric, Bruce.

Oh, yes, dear friends.
This music is by David Feidler
And I must unfortunately hot down on that
Because the overlords are...
Listening.
Like the message, meet me under the atomic bomb.
Oh, my aching benefits.
We have been sprestled.
Yes, you know how that goes.
But now as our god nasty face prepares to relax in the somnolent slumber
Here we see a stand of plants measuring hundreds of feet in height
Note the rhythmic motions as they sway back and forth now their palpated sternum
These disgusting ceremonies are performed by the intelligent plants for the visiting Mariners
They say every little gesture that these bucks and maidens make has a specific meaning
Wouldn't you like to know what it is?
Yes, you too can come to the subgenius
Beach party if you log enough time enough hours in the church
Who pays your phone bill for you punk? I'm a local caller
Here is the vivid imaginary universe that exists alongside our mortal world that magical realm of witches and wizards ghosts
goblins gimps and gnomes fairies elves geeks giants and ogres where valiant Knights battle fearsome dragons
mermaids
and
mystical unicorns
appear
to the pure of heart
to the pure of heart
ha ha ha ha
The whole world of enchantment that has bewitched the human mind and spirit since the dawn of time is present in the book of the subgenius
Never before has this splendid universe been unveiled in such rich detail
music
music
music

Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
And she's buying a stairway to heaven.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Entrees served with complimentary gravel cakes and a hot dirt roll.
Ah, now that's more like it.
Come back here, you little bobby girl.
Now, you, don't you try to run away from Reverend Stag.
Did you say hello?
No, I said hello, but that's close enough.
You're a worm, aren't you?
Yeah, that's right.
You don't by any chance know the way through this labyrinth, do you?
Oh, me? No, I'm just a worm.
Oh.
Come inside and meet the missus.
No, thank you, but...
I have to solve this labyrinth.
But there aren't any turns or any openings or anything.
It just goes on and on and...
Well, anyway, things are not always what they seem in this place.
Or this show.
You can't take anything for granted.
Uh-uh, baby.
This is Bobland.
What a horrible place this is. It's not fair.
You asked for it.
That's right. It's not fair.
I put laps on way half of it.
This was a dead end a minute ago.
No, that's the dead end behind you.
Be here one day.
Gonna be Bob's day.
Pocket says hello to the yeti in yours.
Ladies?
Whoa!
And they're off.
Where are they?
Where are your friends now?
Tell me about the loneliness of good, He-Man.
Is it equal to the loneliness of evil?
Huh?
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob!
Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack
