Remember, we're sitting together listening to this.
And this was pleasing.
Remember, we're sitting together listening to this.
And this was pleasing to God.
Oh, Reverend Stange.
This is the good old days.
Well, if it was really the good old days, we'd be in a car.
We'd have gotten in a car so we could get away from our wives.
Yeah, now our wives don't want us around anymore.
They don't want to hear it anyway.
They really don't pay any attention.
Can't you guys leave?
Go do something.
Why don't you go do a radio show?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Something so we don't have to listen to you.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Self Genius Hour of Slack.
Eternal Salvation.
Or triple your money back.
The Church of the Subgenius.
Bring you another 33 minutes of condensed,
eraglic functions over the quality audio-visual techniques
exacerbated and complicated by
The Church of the Subgenius.
Copyright 1985-86.
Oh, Dr. Stange.
Now, you know, as most of you probably already know,
within this rigidly hierarchical framework of the Church of the Subgenius,
the only real heresy in our church is orthodoxy.
Now, it occurs to me that I'm from the orthodox Stangean mega-fist temple lodge
of the fist temple rabbi,
of Dobbs Yeti resurrected, which is technically the most orthodox.
Well, it's the biggest heresy, see?
It can be the most orthodox of all the subgenius doctrines,
and yet, therefore, because it's so orthodox, it's the biggest heresy.
See, you can't beat me, no way.
Go ahead and try.
As most of you have figured out, peer pressure to somehow fit in with anything
is the conspiracy's biggest snare.
It's their best trick.
And most of you have already quit wishing you could be like those pink jerks.
You know, you've realized if you're a loner, then so be it.
And friends, you can indeed learn to think completely for yourself.
But only J.R. Bob Dobbs can show you.
Show you how!
Show you how!
Now, firebirds and camaros.
Firebirds and camaros are what my friend Dr. Drummond terms clone mobiles.
They're the cars of choice of one of the mainstream types of pinks or normals.
The cars all look exactly alike,
and the people who drive,
they're all exactly alike.
They really, really are.
They all listen to the same radio station,
no matter what part of the country they're in,
because even if the call letters are different,
it's still the same radio station.
And the DJs all say the same jokes at the same time of day.
And it's always...
Real rock radio!
Real rock radio!
Because the same songs are always playing simultaneously
in every nook and cranny.
In every nook and cranny of this great nation.
It's the rise of the mediocritons, my friend.
Everything nowadays, if you look around,
everything's getting to where it really does look just like it does on TV.
Every city is the same city now.
They're all just spores of one gigantic, spreading, amoebic maw
that'll someday cover this globe like an endless ant bed.
And from any given...
It's already, you know, from any given day,
you can drive downtown, you can drive for hours,
for hours driving away from that downtown
through the same identical mini malls, the pizza huts,
the apartment complexes and housing developments
in endless, endless repetition.
Now, you know, I remember when that was considered
dystopian science fiction.
And now that it's here, we think it's completely normal!
And all the little towns,
you know, that used to have their own quaint, individualistic thing,
all different, now they all have the Whataburger,
they all have the Burger King and the mall and the Cinema Octoplex,
while everything that made them, you know,
their little quaint courthouse or their strange vegetable stands
and Dinosaur Park and so forth,
it's all being swallowed up by the devouring pinkness,
the clockwork orangutans.
Attention, pinks!
Incensate meat puppets!
If you can step away from your numbness
long enough to really look around you,
does what you see excite you?
Does it really give you slack?
Does it do anything for you but just prolong the numbness?
Oh, it's okay, you say.
Everything's okay.
In fact, I don't like things that are more than okay
because then that makes me think
there might be things that were less than okay.
As long as everything's okay, well, that's good enough.
You can't have your cake and eat it too, can you?
Don't make waves.
We're free enough.
We can indulge in all the properly ritualized bad behavior
like going to the lake and watching the game,
getting real drunk and beating our dogs and our wives,
but that's understood, you know, we all do that.
But now on the other hand, then, friends,
going to the lake and watching the game
and getting real drunk and launching golfer heads
while chanting and levitating,
naked, fropped to the gills,
performing acu-beatings with each other's spouses and dogs,
no way!
Uh-uh! No, no!
It's okay to sublimate.
Our sexual drives into things like despoiling the landscape
at the expense of health and self-awareness just for money
because the only thing that gives our tired, twisted, old nervous systems
any kind of a thrill is the thought that we can buy more things.
My friend, your body...
Just another thing to buy, my friends.
That is a thing to buy.
It's the thing to go by.
Your body keeps clocking in on the job,
functioning on not more than 10% of your life essence,
and the conspiracy gets the rest.
You moron.
They've got you thinking it's perfectly natural
to work for a living.
Now, what you want to do is real work.
There's nothing wrong with that, but what you have to do, that is slavery.
And no matter what they're paying,
you're working too cheap.
We're not communists or anything, dear friends.
Bob Dobbs doesn't want everyone to be equally poor.
He wants everyone to be equally rich,
but without working!
Now, in the Middle Ages,
in the Middle Ages, they called it the obscene kiss.
Kissing Satan's bum was the way a warlock,
or a witch, was initiated.
Now, today we have corporate-style butt kissing,
bestowing that submissive kiss
upon the posterior of the chief executive devil.
The work ethic is Satanic!
That's the only thing that's Satanic in this whole crowd, I'll bet you.
It will be our doom, Mark Bobb's words.
Our little aquarium Earth is turning into a toxic,
toilet soul farm,
controlled by aliens and their stooges,
and day after day slips by.
Time that you could have invested in saving the universe with Bob,
but instead you sold it cheap to the conspiracy, like a sucker!
Stand still as we insert the probe.
You will not remember this.
Years out of your life, dear friends.
You will have no memory of this encounter.
They'll take years out,
and you'll have nothing to show for it,
but a lot of paid household bills.
You'll never get any of those years back.
You'll just get older and older,
and develop more chronic aches and pains and regrets,
and when you die, the conspirators will just say,
well, there's plenty more where that one came from.
Friends, it may be too late to stop being optimistic,
but it is never too late to start being bitterly, bitterly pessimistic.
Now you think about it.
Remember, things could be much, much worse.
That's the consolation, really.
That's what we're in it for.
You could suddenly, one minute from now,
be screaming in unimaginable pain,
trapped inside the white-hot, twisted metal,
and glass of wherever it is that you happen to be
when it happens.
Or you could, funny, ain't it?
Or you could be lying on parched ground
with bones so brittle from malnutrition
and a brain so ruined by disease
that all life for you has become that one little dry,
vermin-ridden grain of rice at the tip of your tongue.
Or you could be rich.
But afflicted, friends,
with something caused by your own lifestyle
that bites deeper and deeper into you,
but ever so slowly,
so that you never stop thinking about killing yourself.
Gosh, they'd be sorry then.
Or you could be so wrapped up in your job
that you haven't noticed that you've gone crazy,
and you've only been hypnotized into thinking that,
well, everything's basically okay.
But actually, there's starvation and misery all around you
that'll catch up with you sooner or later.
But...
Oh, but that hasn't happened yet,
so who cares?
Who cares?
As long as the power plants still run
and we can still televise yearly Earth Day rituals
when the liberals congratulate themselves for being liberals
and the conservatives congratulate themselves
for fooling the liberals another year,
and the ones in between are ground into dog food.
You'll love this new method Bob's come up with
for exterminating nine-tenths of the population at once.
You'll be able to drive a new Porsche every night
and crash it the next morning.
Because Bob has come to change all that,
to teach you acubating, time control, and memory editing.
To help you learn to pull the wool over your own eyes
and relax in the safety of your own delusions.
Hey brother,
beware
cause some of us
do care
and the world
may turn.
And the violence
in my head
is real.
Bam bam, just dance.
But the big brothers
got no parts
when I get my chance I'm gonna kick it up the...
Big brothers
got no parts
when I get my chance I'm gonna kick it up the...
Big brothers
got no parts
cause big brothers
got no hearts
when I get my chance I'm gonna kick it up the...
Big brothers
got no parts
when I get my chance I'm gonna kick it up the...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
parts.
Ox.
Oh, yeah, Hazel O'Connor has the right idea.
Ho, ho, ho.
Yeah, oh, I'm spinning plates on sticks here.
Let me cue up some nice ambiance for us.
Yes.
This should do it nicely.
Go ahead, hit it, babe.
Let's see what we've got here.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that was close.
Oh, yeah.
That was real close.
Oh, it always helps to work with a little musical accompaniment.
Mm.
Oh, yeah, to work.
Oh, if only this were work.
Oh.
Oh, I could manage it if this were work.
Yeah, but the work ethic is yet enshrined in the hoary old pulp fiction Horatio Alger pedophilia operas
about grubby, apple-cheeked, oh-so-Caucasian immigrant street urchins
with just enough gumption and stick-to-itiveness to better their miserable lots
in the bright, shining, capitalistic new world.
Oh.
Oh.













Did you know that in the dozens of crappy, ground-out yarns
with titles like Ragged Dick, my personal favorite,
that not one of Alger's noble characters ever won fame in millions?
Not one stout lad ever got more than a doodly-squat nickel and dime raise
and, well, inflation and the Depression soon took care of that.
Oh, yeah, shoe-shining waifs becoming the captains of industry?
Ha!
The conspiracy don't work that way, Bo.
Ha!
Yeah.
Hey, the conspiracy hacks off your slack and then plays keep-away with it.
They tell you that life is supposed to be a bowl of steaming, black-buttered goat custard
with a handle on the inside.
Then I say, kick that bucket over on them and run!
Run for your life, for this is a life-and-living death matter!
Run!
Run!
Run!
Smithers!
Huh?
Turn on the surveillance monitors.
Yes, sir.
It's worse than I thought.
It's morning at night.
They trickle through the gate.
They go home early.
They go home early.

They come in late.
Reeking of cheap liquor, they stumble through the day.
Never give a thought to honest work for honest pay.
I know it shouldn't vex me.
I shouldn't take it hard.
I shouldn't know they're capering with a keenly disregard.
But look at all those idiots.
Oh, look at all those fools.
An office full of morons.
A factory full of fools.
Keep it in.
I wonder that I'm singing, singing the blues.
Yours is a heavy brown, sir.
I'm just getting started.
They make personal phone calls on company time.
They Xerox their buttockses and guess who pays the dime?
Their blatant fever wounds me.
Their ingratitude is found.
I long to lure them to my home and then release the hounds.
I shouldn't grow unsettled when faced with such abuse.
That's the way I am.
I shouldn't let it plague me.
I shouldn't flow a fuse.
But look at all those idiots.
Oh, look at all those fools.
An office full of morons.
A factory full of fools.
Is it any wonder I'm singing, singing the blues?
What happened?
Where are the instruments?
I believe they call this a breakdown, sir.
I can't have any breakdowns, sir.




What if there was an inspector around?
Play a guitar solo.
I'm a little out of practice.
I said do it.
So do it, do it, do it.
Yes, sir.

Uh-huh.
.
Yes, excellent.
.
Well done.
And it's beginning to grate.
That will be sufficient, Smithers.
Excuse me?
I said that's enough.
Oh, sorry, sir.
Thought I had my mojo working.
That man by the cooler drinking water as if it's free.
Oh, that's Homer Simpson, sir.
A drone from Sector 7G.
Yes, well, call this Simpson to my office and stay to watch the fun.
If he's six feet where he enters, he'll be two feet when I'm done.
It brings a ray of sunshine to my unfathomable home.
I'm happy to make him kneel before me and slowly twist the knife.
.
Look at all those fools.
An office full of morons.
A factory full of fools.
Is it any wonder that I'm singing, singing the blues?
Take me home, sir.
I'm trying.
I'm a cog in a wheel in a lubricated world and I want to marry an office girl.
I've got my pie on.
I've set my watch on, set my goals when I get on.
I want to be fat.
I've got my tie on.
It's a dream around my finger.
It's a noose around my neck.
I'll go to grass, take legs to prove I'm not a derelict.
I've got my time, so I'll be sure to hold my head up high.
I can't forget why I got out of bed even when the morning paper's red.
I've got my tie on.
I'm flying across the tile floor.
I've got my name on the office door.
I've got my tie on.
It's a dream around my finger.
It's a noose around my neck.
I'll go to grass, take legs to prove I'm not an idiot.
I've got my time, so I'll be sure to hold my head up high.
.
I've got my tie on.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
It's a spring around my finger
It's a noose around my neck
I'll close a drastic lake
Prove I'm not a derelict
I've got my time
I'll be sure to shrink myself apart
Oh, oh
Oh, Lincolns
Thank you
Oh, thank you for bailing
my sorry buns out
Oh, yeah
Well, you know I told you
about that job I have
Well, there comes a time
when the conspiracy
has you in such a tight grip
that your eyes bug out
like a John Crispo Lucy effect
and you realize
that at that moment
give me slack
or kill me
means so much
Oh, oh

Oh, the pure crystalline truth
that one statement
There at the time
when you despair
of ever getting
that cosmic donut of slack
within your desperate reach
Oh, that moment
when you rail to the unfeeling skies
Isn't there anyone in this town
who hates me enough
to kill me?
Oh
Oh
Oh, but
no, Circe's comes
Oh, no, that would be too easy
And you know how the conspiracy
hates a quitter
But the end never comes
Just more episodes
in this endless progression
of crap
down the peristaltic
tube of life
And there's nothing
you can do
but roll the punches
and wish you had the nerve
to make your own
quietus
Oh, Bob!
Bob!
Has thou forsaken me?
Bob!
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
www.amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Now, what do we say every morning
on our way to work?
Every morning, when I get up,
I look into the mirror
And what do I say about that?
face i see you're a winner you're a winner you're a winner i can't hear you look into that rear view
mirror and say it again okay you're a winner you're a winner you're a winner
i'm a winner
under bob so to speak you can learn to masturbate without going blind
you can learn yes you can learn to perform astral sex with anyone you meet
oh but it's not pornography ma'am officer it's empowerment
that's right you can learn to live with your sins dear friends because
well that old bob bob he looks kind of limp now bob is a sex god
and and
you know, he has come and come again and again and again, as the old joke says, to rationalize
your sins. He is not so well connected that he's going to die for your sins. Even if he did,
it wouldn't do you any good. He's not going to forgive your sins because he doesn't think
there's anything you need to be forgiven for. He, Bob comes again and again to justify,
to rationalize your sins and to bring to you, dear friends, what you need far more than forgiveness
to bring an excuse on sale at our dealer's table after the show.
It's a purer, a purer squirt or ooze, my friend, than drugs, the Bible, or even television.
And the sweetest thing about all this, I think, the most understanding part of Bob's teaching is,
you know, and I know this is going to mean something to some of you out there,
you could,
you can be a virgin or an atheist and Bob will still let you be a subgenius.
Moses parted the Red Sea, Oppenheimer split the atom, but Bob cut the crap.
Take two was better. If man had been meant to feel guilt, as Papa Joe Mama said,
he would not have been born with a Bob. God is everywhere, but J.R. Bob Dobbs has already been
everywhere.
He's not going anywhere else. And he does, in fact, bring slack that state in which you need nothing
because you have it already. And he brings slack without guilt because you will pay for it with no
strings attached. This is the first industrial church, friends. We're here to let the customer
decide what it needs in a religion. Not only that, but it's the first industrial church.
Bob Dobbs has actually paid all his taxes, and that means all the other religions still,
and come 1998, when we take power, they'll be paying up.
That is why they hate us, friends. Because it exploits women and men and how they love it.
So, well, my, my, let's see, what time is it? Two o'clock. Well, we've done about one hour of radio.
Should we on site take two or? Great. Well,
we're going to do it.
Oh, this is the organized part.
Yes, of course. This is the part that we secretly planned for years, actually.
We have a place for you, no matter what your background, no matter what your age, no matter
how simple your needs or how big your dreams. People have always been our most important
product.
People have always been our most important product.
We have a place for you, dear friends, here at the Church of the Subgenius. And because of that,
I probably should tell you just what people, quote, people, unquote, you've been listening to.
And starting from the top, a good place to start, I guess, would be that remember, we're all sitting
together listening to this. It's by Silica Gel. Then you heard Dr. Philo Drummond and myself
griping about our wives and radio shows. The long work rant by yours truly, Reverend
Ivan Stang there, was, well, I was preaching from the new subgenius book due out in November,
Revelation X, at the Starwood Devival. It's a big pagan camp out they have up in New York.
Sponsored by Ace. And being helped out there by the good Reverend Blipo Abernathy.
And then, luckily for me, Susie the Floozy, our good friend who has a subgenius show on Noble WREK
in Atlanta, happened to do an anti-work show herself. And on that she played and we used the song
Black Death.
The Big Brother by Hazel O'Connor. The Simpsons sing the blues song called Look at Those Idiots.
Susie's little brother, whose band the Pink Lincolns, did that song I've Got My Tie On.
And the good Reverend Susie the Floozy herself, of course, delivered that beautiful despair rant.
That followed by a little bit more about Aspen.
And then, of course, Astral Sex from the Starwood Devival.
And oh, and Susie had her own little media barrage, a tape collage edit in there, which she calls her Slack Suite.
Now, we will be sweet and go to side two of show.
I believe that we'll go back to playing some more of Dr. Howell from his KPFA Berklee show with Puzzling Evidence.
And if we have time, we'll get to the legendary new recording I just got in of
... our planet into some of the familiar configurations we see today.
A piece of galactic debris in the shape of an enormous six-legged lizard once landed on the Earth and quickly crawled across its surface like a centipede landing on a peach.
But it created enormous destruction.
And the extinction of many species created tidal waves and giant sweeping walls of earth and rock, which buried entire countries and submerged continents.
Finally, it hopped off into space again.
But it might return at any time and destroy the world of questing man who does not realize by how thin a thread he hangs before that deadly wall.
And it's a game of cosmic bingo that we all are forced willy-nilly, inadvertently to play.
And one never knows when one's number will pop up.
So beware, you never know when the master cometh, as it says in the old moldy book.
Well, you've been very patient listening to this.




Oh, the, oh, listening to the, uh, uh, oh, I better get that one.
That seems like a high priority, uh...
Below 20 degrees, limbs will...
That's the plan of the bone.
Below zero, lungs will burn.
We're having a little bit of decompression here in the radio cubicle.
It might be a breach in our hull, or it might be that...
The breathing field is stuck.
It just might be puzzling evidence messing with our heads again, you know.
It could be perfectly all right.
You never know until it would be too late in this case.
...the breathing is...
...and 90 degrees...
You know, as we broadcast, and as I attempt, as always, to swim upstream against the sluggish tide of sludge,
the, uh, the compilers are working on the book of the subgenius volume two,
Bob Apocryphon, Revelation X, uh, and Ivan Stang,
and lies are...
are stirring up, uh, some, uh, trouble in their giant, uh, cauldron.
Oh, oh, well, I'm being drowned out by a piece of propaganda here, uh,
beamed from our central office.
...in a state of worry-free...
What the hell is going on?
...since the game...
...is done yet?
...please...
Perhaps some of you might wonder why I delve so frequently into eschatology.
Into the study of the beginnings of all things.
Yeah...
What about that?
Well, uh, are you dissatisfied to think of the early times?
One crown, centilla, Spanish for diamonds...
Uh, it would get me...
Perhaps you'd be interested in taking my award-winning source in financial accountability and real estate.
...the ratting of diamonds...
I fear your golden slow...
...of ignorance...
...the voice of rage and ruler's frontiers...
...the ratting of diamonds...
...the ratting of diamonds...
...the ratting of diamonds...
...the ratting of diamonds...
Uh-oh, aliens?
...as many as seven out of ten zillionaires in the United States made most of their money in real estate.
In successful investing in money management, you'll discover the smartest ways to use real estate in today's market to build your wealth.
...continued operation may damage the system...
...you'll learn how you can...
...you'll learn how you can...
...reap annualized returns of 50% a year or more on raw land investments...
...and a small fortune by investigating loans secured by mortgages or trust deeds.
Why do you think they call it land anyway? You know?
Because that's where you land on. And if you follow my course in real estate, you'll land on your feet.
And you'll land on your feet and run with the ball.
You'll run with the ball as you find the right mortgage for you.
And you'll be given a check list for evaluating any property that interests you.
Now, if you want to generate some rental income, you'll discover in my course on page 56...
...how to select the best type of income properties and how to screen for undesirable tenants and weirdos.
Keep them out of your houses.
Not cause trouble. Not damage the property.
Take good care of your investment.
No children. No pets.
That's right.
Even when I want to use the bathroom.
So much has been happening.
No.
So many strange things.
But perhaps you wouldn't be interested in retaining this, uh, rental property.
In that case, you might want to sell.
And on page 74 of my award-winning book, you'll know eight smart ways to get more potential buyers to make an offer on your house...
...even in a downwardly spiraling, doomed real estate market.
Wait, wait, wait. What award did it win?
Well, it won the subgenius...
...of the U.S. Award for Excellence in Hollywood.
Okay. All right.
But the most important investment principle you'll ever learn from me is...
...the one I've already shared with you.
That the egg came before the chicken.
And that God formed the embryos of all creatures out of an embryo which looked a little bit like you.
Me?
Like you.
An embryo.
I'm a scientist.
I'm a friend.
To dream from the impossible dream.
To fight the unfightable fight.
To eat the uneatable dinner.
To live and write the unwriteable right.
To drink the un-drinkable drink.
To eat the inedible food.
To wear the unwearable clothing.
When you'd rather be decently nude.
Oh, this is my 12th...
That's another award.
Fido.
Fido.
Yeah.
Oh.
Begin.
You gotta kiss a lot of ass, I bet.
Well, after a while, you don't make it.
You think I don't have to kiss ass?
Four dollars an hour?
The foreman? The shop steward?
The guy on a night shift who'd owned my purse and that?
It's important you say, I am never going back again.
I'm tired.
I'm never gonna look in a patient's mouth again.
I'm never gonna have someone tell me I'm not doing a good job again.
My boss is never gonna insult me again.
My wife will never have to run in that file room with that turkey chasing her around again.
Dad!
Hey!
Quit your job!
Slap them!
Yes!
Yes, Bob!
I'm going to quit my job!
I'm going to quit my job!
Oh, I'm going to quit my job, yes.
Oh, God, it feels so good.
Oh, I haven't slept a word for...
I don't think for weeks.
Oh, yes.
Yes, I'm going to quit this job.
Oh, bless you, Bob.
Oh, my teeth are vibrating.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes, that was me on my way to quit my job the other day.
Oh, and I happened to pop a tape in the tape deck.
And guess what it was?
Oh.
It was our beloved Reverend telling me, yes, I was doing the right thing.
It's so nice to get justification in your slackness from your religious leaders.
Oh.
Yeah, I'm going to a farm.










I'm going to a far, far better place.
A place where there's always room for slack.
Where no one uses words like initiative or incentive.
Incentive?
How's the threat of a high colonic delivered by the stark fist of removal for incentive, buddy?
Yeah, my incentive plan can beat the living crap out of your incentive plan.
Oh, yeah, I'm not on the outside looking in.
I'm facing the other direction now because I'm mooning them.
I'm serving warning to the pinks.
The bitch is definitely oh so back.
And I'm tired of carrot and stick thinking, I want something for nothing for a change.
I want a good deal.
Oh, and Bob is the man who can get it for me.
Oh, yes.
Mmm.
Oh, it feels so nice to be in the ranks of the unemployed.
Oh, I'd started to lose the disrespect of my friends.
Oh, but yeah, it's time for a good deal for the flu.
And hey, it's time for a good deal for our listeners.
Now, don't jump the gun now, you premature dialing finger types.
Yeah, you'll have to answer a question.
We've got a free ticket here.
A set of tickets.
One lucky caller will receive two three-day memberships to this upcoming Dragon Con.
June 15th through 17th at the Atlanta Hilton and Towers.
Where they'll get to see up close and oh so personal.
The luminaries of the dark subgenius sky.
Wallowing, venting, spewing.
Yeah, that's us.
Oh, the hickening.
That's right.
The sickening.
However, that, as you may have guessed, that particular broadcast there by Reverend Susie the Floozy was quite a while back.
But she is talking about the Dragon Con subgenius devival.
Which was indeed a superb...
I don't know quite what to call it.
But I'm going to go to a recording from the musical performance at that convention.
By the Swinging Love Corpses.
That great old timey band that Dr. Philodrummond and his brother Sphinx and his cousin Ray started up.
And after he left Dallas.
After he helped Bob get the Subgenius Foundation started and hired me.
So let's go now to that live tape of this...
This is rather a different listen to of that band, the Swinging Love Corpses.
And they're doing their infamous Led Zeppelin medley.
Yes, it really is a Led Zeppelin medley.
But not...
Possibly not quite what you're used to.
So let's just check it out here, shall we?
What do you really want to hear?
Huh?
Dreamweaver?
How about some Jimi Hendrix?
It wasn't a Jimi Hendrix?


Are you playing Blood Unchained.

Is it one of the recordings?
I don't know.
I'veviewerend it one time and then it minute.

Okay, thank you.
Now what do you want to hear?
What do you want to hear?
How about some more Led Zeppelin?
Okay.
I want the Beatles.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you very much.
Jimi Hendrix.
Oh, bring it on!
Watch the head!
Watch the head!
Get these goons out of here!
Watch the head!
The security in this place sucks.
The show's over.
Okay.
Get these goons out of here.
How much money you got?
How can we play your favorite Led Zeppelin tunes
with goons on stage?
Okay, this is our Led Zeppelin medley for the evening.
And I don't know the words to these songs.
Really.
Really.
Just the other day, baby
What do you think I saw?
Okay, thank you, thank you.
Hey!
The hits just keep on coming.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!













Leave me alone!
I've made your life such a heatclub!



















Ahhhh!
Oh, spécial!
Your extent here?



Everything's going to be all right.
Beautiful.
Yeah.
Come to think of it, they're just lovely.
I mean, but that's all.
There's the Moronix Walkery,
one of the most unusual dinosaurs ever discovered.
With its gigantic primary digit,
it flips a finny meal up into its crocodile-like jaws.
This is a very suspenseful moment.
And close behind it, crawling over the land,
comes a giant crab.
Oh, he's so cute.
Just look at its tiny eyes darting about on stalks
while it clicks its gigantic claws.
Oh, I thought he was cute, but he's got me.
Go with the flow.
And there he goes, pulling the collar off
as he walks sideways.
Just go with him.
I'm sure you'll find out what it's all about.
Oh dear, I cut off his wind, it looks like.
You must admit, this is a very impressive crab,
and if you've gotta go some way,
you might as well go in an unusual way.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Kinda reminds me of that old movie,
Attack of the Crab Monsters, you know?
Damn you, crab!
Whoa!
Some people have lots of them,
but this just shows what one big one can do.

Whoa!

Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Gosh, that collar is battling for his very life
with this giant crab.
Who says this is a boring program?
Whoa!
Whoa!

Go with the air, you crab!
Yes, it's Jack Crab, the world's oldest living kettle of fish.
I mean, cuddle fish.
I mean, you know, shellfish.
Don't be selfish.
Kick back!
Kick back!
Ah!
Ah!
Oh, you're making him mad now.
Oh!
Oh, god!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!

Oh!
Oh!
Oh, there, a little calypso crab.
Ah, see?
Look at him go around and around, he's happy.
And so should you be, having escaped that big one.
Yeah, I know, that was a rough one.
See how exciting your life can be?
Now, I'll tell you why you really can become a millionaire.
Not with a get-rich-quick scheme,
but with a simple, sensible, realistic plan
for achieving financial independence before X Day.
Just, uh, get rid of the crabs.
Yes, get rid of the crabs in your life
that are pinching your chances for financial forwardness.
That's right.
The hard shells of those shellfish
can easily be cracked, and you can savor the delicious meat
in the joint as you advance to new levels
of financial firmness.
Are you millionaire material?
Perhaps you'll be interested in taking my simple quiz
and finding out.
Then, during the next 12 months, your net worth will increase
from $75,000 to $80,000.
I don't have a net worth.
Well, you need a net to catch those megalo crabs
by the ocean's side.
You will learn at your own pace as you
live in our tropical retreat, Dining on Crab and Lobster.
Successful investing and money management
will help you, because you are a busy adult who already has a job.

And can devote only a small amount of time each week
to mastering the principles of successful investing.
Aren't crabs just big insects anyway?
Big what?
Insects.
Well, not exactly.
No, they are a sort of aquatic arthropod.
They're more like spiders than insects,
but in any case, they are an aquatic order.
But if it's interest in insect eating that you have,
I refer you to page 5.5.
I've got a page 5.5.5 of my award-winning book,
Insect Dinners as a Shortcut to Success.
How the Big Boss Can Be Softened by a Meal of Locusts and Honey,
So You Can Make That Big Killing in the Stock Market.
Just imagine an easy way to increase the value of your estate
by $100,000 or more in a single day,
with almost no significant change in your current cash position.

But you're wondering how you can do it.
Well, joining my real estate carnival,
you'll be able to do it as you swing around and around
and go up to the sky in the Ferris wheel.
Don't eat too much cotton candy in the investment booth.
Oh dear, a tragedy occurred.
You know, this machinery is 100% safe,
but there are some individuals who will mind,

and they will not keep their hands and legs inside the cars.
And so I'm afraid we'll remove that loser.
You know, some people have to go to the wall
so that others can reap the value of a course of financial investment.
Now at the very least, you must be open to the possibility
of becoming a godzillionaire.
Never set a limit on what you can achieve.
You'll see why it can be so exciting to put a zillion dollar gold
in your pocket.
You'll see why it can be so valuable in your life.
You need a simple, reliable, day-by-day plan,
not a fly-by-night, get-rich-quick scheme
for Dobbs-approved reality.
Now you'll discover such a plan,
which I call Dr. Howell's Successful Investing in Money Management.
It's already taught thousands of eager beaver yuppies
how to achieve financial goals.
You'll hear many of their stories.
Perhaps, like you, they began with skepticism
but are now well on their way to complete financial happiness
and orgasmic pleasure.
They are happy.
So have one of these bourbon and bong waters
or you can have a hot buttered rum martini like I am
and pretty soon we're going to go up on the balcony
and toast Benito Mussolini in a warm,
uh, glass of grog while all the rest of the little, uh,
serfs and peons labor down there in the office.
You know, the CEO doesn't have to push buttons
and staple staples like the Ahoy, uh, Palloy, uh, you know, uh...
Oh, yeah, we're looking for people who are interested
in sharing what's left of their thought patterns
with the mass mutations of upcoming Dragon Con.
So give us a call a little later.
The Reverend Microphone and I sure would like to hear from you.
We'll be doing the usual deep lobe scanning procedures
to weed out spies, so pink boys need not apply.
Just call us at 894-246-8968 tonight until 2 a.m.
Or send a cassette of your spewin' and ventin'
to Bob's Slacktime Funhouse.
Hey, you know enough to have your pencil ready, don't you?
It's Bob's Slacktime Funhouse.
Care of W-R-E-K, Atlanta.
165 8th Street, Northwest.
Atlanta, Georgia.
30332.
0630.
Oh, yeah, cause we'd like to hear your particular specialty.
And I'm sure you'd like to wag your weirdness.
Take it from me, it's so therapeutic.
Ah.
Ah, it's like a cerebral brain douche.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to, got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
So here at Oktoberfest, we treat our tired executives
to a little treat.
A little bit of sour brotten, a lederhosen,
and a big stein of Liebfrau milk.
Helga, get over there and unsnap for these gents.
Perhaps this would be a time to retire from the field, as it were,
and stoke up on the fires of money management
and real estate planning.
You want me dead?
I want you alive and making money hand over fist over foot.
Hand over fist.
Hand over that fist and I'll show you how you can use it
to make thousands and thousands of dollars
while you sit on the toilet at home.
All right, okay, hold on, let me get this faster.
It's all a part of what I call the possible dream,
Dr. Howell's amazing course in sex and real estate.
Okay, I'm on the toilet.
My dear fellow, you're taking me a little bit too literally.
I don't need to see this.
Cover up, for God's sake.
That's a repulsive cycle.
Now, don't do that.
You're making me nervous.
And above all, don't place a limitation on your own future.
You know, my real estate course is merely a course to some people,
an article.
It's a course to make money.




It's just another item of information to be tossed away.
These short-sighted bobbies simply cannot see the great opportunity
that lies before them in such a unique program as our show.
You see, you should always bend over and with a cheerful grunt
to pick up any dime that you find before you.
And with a pocket full of these, you'll soon have a dollar.
And, well, this dollar can be the first step
in a series of stepping stones to high-stepping success.
I don't want to see this.
Soon you'll be goose-stepping over the bodies of the poor and decrepit
as you march your way...
Oh, I'm sorry.
I was a little bit too exuberant there.
These folks are going to have to go to the wall,
but then that is necessary for you to achieve...
I insist on seeing.
True wealth and power, such as I, Dr. Howell Weald,
in my giant mansion,
with my fleet of expensive automobiles
and terrified, cowering servants.
And you can be like me
and splash in my giant warm water pool
with a bevy of idiots.
What?
It's all possible.
Just grasp the brass ring.
And with my robotized investment counselors,
I need not lift a pencil to scratch my giant,




but to use the power of John Hancock on a single document
to get Rich's creases by 12 p.m. daily.
Well, it's sensational. It's just no good.
The most sophisticated robot on planet Earth.
Yes, this giant robot will answer all your questions.
And once you become a member of my real estate seminar,
this robot will teach you
how even a nonhuman can achieve financial parity
in today's collapsing money market.
Oh, that's a terrible example of a collapse right there,
ladies and gentlemen.
If you had been standing underneath
that portion of Wall Street's finest,
you would have been flattened
to like these unfortunate adventures here.
Oh, terrible. Terrible.
Well, when you get up there on the radio,
you have to do is to say the whole thing to frame up.
How would you like to know how to borrow money
at only 6% or 7%
and invest it at higher rates?
I'll give you $5,000 just to get up on the radio.
$5,000 is a great way to get up on the radio.
It's a painless way to knock down
the interest rate you're paying on your bills.
We'll show you where you can find,
with your $5,000,
medical insurance for some of your family.
And you can invest so that the income
from your investments one day
surpasses the income from your job.
Oh, I better get that.
Meanwhile, you have some of these canapes
and a hot butter drum...
