When the world has finally ended, and by divine decree, you have to pick your cam.
Did you watch or make TV?
And lining up on one side is the undifferentiated mess, and on the other, the celebrities being
given their go-to-hell-quickly pass.
Well, I'd hop out of the big line and go to hell without a doubt, if that meant I got
the chance to punch John Williamson out.
The jury will now retire.
We're changing the program pretty soon, or not the program, but the actual tower that
we performed our fecundity in.
I hope that doesn't happen during this show.
I hope not, too.
We might get not only evicted, but we have been given the special head thing.
Princess, you have to get closer.
Okay, all right.
Lower those microphones, Dave.
Lower one of the mics so that she can get to it, and raise one so that you can get to
the high one.
So Dave is high, and we is low.
All right.
And I'm the middle bear.
Okay.
I'm between bear.
I'm going to disobey now, because this one is practically dead.
We already had a system going.
So just get in there whenever you want to.
I'll just lean my face up in there, okay?
How's that?
Yeah.
How?
I wish we had stereo.
I wish we had another better microphone.
And I wish we would suddenly go to this.
You never pay, said Negrat.
That's not the point, said Granny Weatherwax.
They shouldn't be allowed to charge that sort of money.
That's thieving, Matties.
I don't see how it can be thieving if you don't pay anyway, Negrat persisted.
I never pay for anything, said Granny.
People never let me pay.
I can't help it if people give me things the whole time, can I?
When I walk down the street, people are always running out with cakes they've just baked,
and fresh beer, and old clothes that have already been worn at all.
Oh, Mistress Weatherwax, pray take this basket of eggs, they say.
People are always very kind.
Treat people right, and they'll treat you right.
It's respect.
Not having to pay, she finished sternly, is what being a witch is all about.
I'd rather be a cack-eyed, awkward knob than you,
for all your perfect teeth and hand jobs.
I'd rather be the silently resentful, weird one
than the back-slapped, chest-poking young gun.
For every moment you've had of adolescent bliss,
I've spent ten regretting everything I've missed.
For every stroke, every goal,
every glance and kiss there were blows,
failure, mockery and less.
Yet I'd rather be me.
You preening, dumb tool.
You vacuous, confident, ignorant, poor, dumb tool.
Who wants to be me?
No one.
You.
They sell magazines with how-to guides.
People shell out money.
Jog.
Get surgery.
But mainly just dream of the day there will be more like you.
Grass green, never greener, grows over the fence between us.
Penis length, I'm sure, is in your favour.
Your penis, in fact, is the hero of this and every other hour
and can access all orifice, stinkbox, blurter and growler.
They didn't break.
They didn't break the mould when they made you, mate.
That mould was mass produced.
Does it grate that on every corner, in every bar there's you?
You have never said one thing completely new.
Not thought, one thought, not thought before.
You Cleomag, Channel V.
As seen on TV bore.
You school kids' idea of bliss.
You teen idol.
Package.
Construct.
Robot.
Product.
Lackey.
Baggage.
I would rather be me, despite my self-disappointment.
I would rather be me, because of that disappointment.
Disappointment.
I would rather be me, unknown, weak, bent and poor.
I would rather be me, with every mistake and flaw.
I would rather be me, because in the whole universe of us,
in the galaxies of people, in the glowing, incalculable nimbus,
you provide the great system with naught.
A which never midst of the past, will not be possible.
It is
w confronting straight l.
Lonely! A star!
Friends, that incredible rant was by TISM.
That is a mysterious Australian group, a somewhat residency, called TISM.
T-I-S-M, short for This Is Serious, Mum.
I, in my ivory tower, knew nothing of them, but Bob's ward, Uncle Onan Cannabite,
sent me a selection of their stuff, and thus this hour of slack number 1,152 is rather TISM-ish,
and music by them will be coming up, too.
The Myrrh did the titles, and the witches are from Terry Pratchett's The Witches Abroad.
But now, let's steal from KOA Denver's Rick Barber Show.
Back again with my guest, we're talking with Reverend Ivan Stang.
He is the founder of the Church of the Sovereign.
A lot of people want to know, what's a subgenius?
I guess we ought to explain this, shouldn't we?
Well, first off, I feel like I have to correct something.
I'm not really the founder of the religion.
I'm just like the head clerk that answers the phone.
Bob founded the religion.
So anybody who gets angry about this, kill Bob, not me.
That's practically one of our slogans.
I like that.
Don't blame me.
Blame me.
Blame Bob.
Blame Bob.
But, yeah, right on the surface, the word subgenius can mean anybody under a genius.
So almost anybody qualifies.
Anybody with 30 bucks qualifies to be an ordained subgenius minister.
What we like to say is that the subgeniuses are what you might call the mutants, the misfits,
the class clowns, the disbelievers, or the people who will believe anything.
The kooks, the crazies, and the visionaries who actually invent everything.
And you've heard the phrase, trying to herd cats.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
It's a disorganized religion for non-joiners.
So you can see that our business model is not really quite as – for some reason, we
don't have quite as much money as the sign policy.
The religious religious religious and some of these other businesslike religions do,
yeah.
And you wonder why that is.
Well, I think it's because some of our preachers have trouble keeping a straight face.
Well, that's understandable, yeah.
But then you listen to some of the people about Scientology, and I mean, I can't keep
a straight face.
Right.
And sometimes it almost seems like the Church of the Subgeniuses become redundant because
that with the Internet you can look into the minds of any extremist instantly.
there's i mean uh and we love the fringe people and the the extremists and everything weird and
that's really what the church of the subgenius is it's kind of a club for weirdos but by definition
weirdos don't usually get along all that well no they keep to themselves pretty much but that's
where it all works doesn't it yeah we're full of this is the religion for lone nuts you could say
perfect yeah oh the kids the kids are always oh 15 minutes more my show's almost done i had to
call him three times at the end of the three times i wasn't sounding as nice as i was sounding the
first time i called him and he said you know you don't have to use that tone studies have found
that children spend more time every day playing video games and watching tv than they do playing
outside too much media viewing has become a significant problem in most modern homes
well ironically it's an electronic device that comes to the rescue
bob
bob helps parents monitor and manage the time that their children spend using in-home media
the power cord from one of these devices plugs into the back of bob and is locked in place
bob then plugs into an electrical outlet the setup process takes about three minutes a no-brainer and
it's virtually tamper-proof each child in the house has a four-digit pin you
that they enter before they turn on the attached device
bob tracks the time used and when that time is used up bob does not allow any
more power to operate until the next scheduled day so if you want to regulate
viewing time and gain peace of mind put bob on the job
dr. sinister remember a couple of years ago you where we're all set to have a
show about the singularity ah and I called in and was there a sir mr.еля Milne-M gl raise

anti-singularitarian.
...offensively mean about it.
And you basically
pretty much hung up on me.
But recently,
I was reading more about that
in Ray Kerr's wheel.
Yeah, it's really,
unless civilization
wipes itself out,
which I think
is a very real possibility,
you know,
if civilization is not wiped out
the next hundred years,
I frankly see it as inevitable.
Well, the problem,
the singularity
is plausible enough.
It's just that
it's leaving out
the opposing force
of the idiog...
The idiocracy?
Idiocracy.
Yeah, the ideogularity.
The ideogularity
is in progress,
is approaching
at the same time.
So you've got
a certain number of,
well, you've got machines
that are getting smarter
and smarter and smarter.
Machines should think.
But at the same time,
the machines are training
the humans to become
dumber and dumber and dumber.
Machines should think.
People should work.
Nah, I don't know about that.
But that's,
I, I,
actually, I got some,
I got some friends
in a band who,
I want a robot maid
who's so lifelike
that when she turns on me,
I'm almost glad.
Oh, you mean,
would you settle for Rosie,
the robot from the Jetsons?
No, I would rather have
the one that Mr. Tyrell had.
Oh, the Blade Runner.
The Nexus 6 model
that lives forever
and is really hot,
played by Sean Young.
That would be the robot maid
I would like to have.
But,
they lied to me.


They lied to us
about all of that.
Well, actually,
the main,
here's,
here's the main thing
that the futurists of the past
got wrong
that has made
all of their predictions,
you know,
not come true, basically,
is they,
they assumed that energy
was going to get cheaper
and cheaper.
Well,
and that right there.
Well, you never know
what might be up next.
But, uh.
Well, I tell you
one thing that's up next.
We got another caller here.
Hello, you're on the air.
I was just wondering
what is the big difference
between being bad
to the boss,

and having tickle foot?
Uh.
The difference between
being bad to the bone
and what?
This is Larson Cowboy Dave.
Speak up, Matt.
Having tickle foot.
Tickle foot?
Tickle foot.
Not pickle foot,
like you'd have in a bar.
Tickle foot,
you know,
when you feel
the vibrations all the time.
The seismic operations
going on.
We were just having
an intellectual discussion
about the future
of the very human race.
And you come in
here talking about
tickle foot.
Which Dave has left
behind a long time ago.
Well, can't you just
juxtapose?
Can't you just,
geez, guys,
just juxtapose
what I'm saying
and it makes perfect sense.
Sure.
It does.
It really does.
Sure.
Actually, you know,
we are constantly moving
through space
and there is some vibrations
involved in the movement
through space.
And those vibrations
would possibly
vibrate to
the human race.



Badly.
To the bone.
Yeah.
And cause tickle foot.
And make us bad
to the bone.
Absolutely.
Not in a good way,
of course.
I mean, you know,
our bones are becoming bad.
Well, the atoms
in your body
resonate
at a specific frequency
that...
Do they?
Well...
Or do they all
resonate at different frequencies?
Well, no.
They resonate
in the frequency
that this universe
resonates with.
Well, wouldn't that
make sense?
Because...
Because your body
is made of the exact
same stuff
as the rest of the universe
is made of?
Right.
But if you could throw
that resonance
off...
Doesn't sound mystical to me.
...positive or minus,
you could end up
going backwards or forwards
in time through that.
No, no, man.
You're going to the
other dimension.
Right.
Because the time travel
is actually traveling
to those other dimensions
where those other realities
of you exist.
It's like the...
Yeah, but then you
turn into a giant train.
...where you go
ten minutes into the future
and you end up
in a completely
alternate reality.
But you're a big string.
Yeah, you...
That's what that
string theory is all about.
These giant puppet strings
Actually, the best...
You can...
...for pulling everything.
You can become a string
by launching yourself
into a black hole.
Yeah, but...
I actually have a question
for Dave.
It's called
spaghettification.
Yeah.
Dave, you notice
when you're...
You know, you were talking
about we all vibrate
and the vibrations
and the tickle
that's bad to the bone.
Have you ever found
that the vibrations
make you hear
everything either
sharp or flat?
Oh, yeah.
Of course.
You never hear
natural pitch.
That shows that you're...
You know, that shows
that you're being controlled
by the seismic operations.
I see.
I was discussing
the fact that I hear...
I sing tend to sing flat
and I can't figure out
if I'm hearing myself flat
or if I'm hearing myself
sharp and overcompensated.
No, they just flattened
you out, babe.
You know, I mean,
that's not your fault.
There's nothing flat on me.
I was going to say,
you don't seem like
a very flat person
to me.
Yeah, I didn't mean
that way.
I meant sensoratically.
They flatten your...
Oh, okay.
Your drip level.
They flatten my senses.
No, it's just
the drip level
is different now
than it used to be.
Oh, okay.
Because we're all,
you know,
hours in a sand glass
or something each time.
See, I was going to
blame it entirely
on the fact that
I actually got a...
Like, I think I said
last week,
I got a promotion
which is going to get me
off of the job
of talking to pinks
all day on the phone.
But it's causing me
to have the
subgenius deafness syndrome
that is occurring.
But for me,
it's only in one year.
Deafness or deaf?
What?
I had heard
that there was a...
Anyway, in Dobbstown,
I heard that there was
a massive die-off.
Kind of like
a resonance die-off
or something.
People just, like,
stuck their fingers
in their ear
and started falling over.
Well, but those
were just drones.
Drunks?
Drones.
They were going to
do that anyway.
They have...
It's called a...
Is a drone a drunk clone?
They have a brain blowout
and they get a flat affect.
Right.
That's what happens.
And you have to change
their affect
and put on a spare.
But eventually,
you know,
they become used up
from channeling Bob
or whatnot.
You just have to junk them.
And sometimes
they're chunked.
I've never had a flat affect
than a sharp affect.
Oh, I don't know.
I find that,
you know,
my sharp affect
has actually
gotten me places in life
that I couldn't have
gotten with a flat one.
I'm a wanker.
I'm a wanker.
I'm a wanker.
I'm a wanker.
I'm a wanker.
I'm a wanker.
I'm a wanker.
You're a yum
or you're a wanker.
Take your fucking choice.
So who is your
favorite genius?
James Heard
or James Joyce?
You ever seen
a live performance?
Join the wanker club.
You thought I meant
tabletop dancing?
Well,
you're a yobble bug.
What are you?
You're a wanker.
What are you?
You're a wanker.
Wankers once
used mobile phones
but now that's
sort of changing.
And yobbs once
lived in cottage homes.
Ain't social change
amazing?
If the yob and wanker
want a girl,
the wanker guy
will get her.
Both of them
are equally ugly.
The wanker
hides it better.
What are you?
You're a wanker.
What are you?
You're a wanker.
What are you?
You're a wanker.
What are you?
You think ku?
You're a wanker.
You are wanker.
You do?
You wanker.
You laugh at me?
You will.
You think ku?
You are wanker.
You are wanker.
You're a wanker.
You don't have enough,
but you love me?


I would have тысяч













Don't miss them


Wanker fights inequality
And for people's rights
Wanker fights cross prejudice
And yobbo just fights
Yobbo, wanker, wanker, yob
Pass me the brush to tie ya
Make your choice then live your life
Come on pal, what are ya?
What are ya?
You won't wake up
What are ya?
You won't wake up
What are ya?
You won't wake up
What are ya?
You won't wake up
Wanker fight ceiling
Yobbo
M 가운데
And yobbo
Fence
Men
Enter
My
destined
Jenkins
Sophists

And mostra
Thorn and his revolutionary government wanted to make me a hero for what I had done.
But what I received didn't make me eager to sign on as their poster boy.
What is the color of the sky?
Thorn's people began emptying the cities the very morning of the coup,
driving the uncooperative into re-education camps.
And what is the law?
Not us who eat meat. Are we not men?
And what have we learned?
The nail that sticks up gets hung down.
I was, for 13 years, imprisoned in R-28.
Thorn halted the import of medicine, banned action movies,
and began systematically separating children from their parents.
A stale piece of bread is better than nothing.
A stale piece of bread is better than nothing.
And nothing is better than a big juicy steak.
Nothing is better than a big juicy steak.
Therefore, a stale piece of bread is better than a big juicy steak.
All we're asking is that you do your duty as a citizen.
Declare your loyalty to the flag.
You are a patriot, aren't you?
Fuck off.
You kiss your mama with that mouth?
You're the one who says you were there when Mr. Thorn killed the president, huh?
It was all in the papers.
Ah.
That must have been the weekend I was out of town.
Water skiing with the Pope.
You know this guy?
The hero of the revolution?
Don't you cool off in there a while before you find yourself in room 12.
I thought this was room 12.
Ha ha ha ha!
The man from popular culture came round to check up, he said, on what we wanted.
I looked at the wife, puzzled a while, and replied.
Just the normal, I suppose.
Pay off the house, some sort of world trip, then back home, maybe a boat and cable TV,
but only for the football.
He nodded.
Spiritually, he asked.
Have you any spiritual needs?
Longings.
I knew sort of what he was getting at, and I knew too I probably should have had some.
Well, it's half of me to be precise, but I suppose I have some of those.
I wouldn't say it affects my day to day activities.
He nodded.
It's family and health that's important, I said, thinking maybe that's what he wanted.
As long as they're okay.
He picked a box and looked up at me.
I see.
Well, I suppose you're not a big fan of football.





said we're worried about unemployment. Tick. And the hospitals. Tick. Schools, sort of.
He ticked, silent. You know, all that stuff. He turned to the next page. And huge and deviant
sexual longings? What the f... I said, but he went, look, I'm sorry, I have to ask, let's
move on. Politics. Not interested, really. Music. Got some greatest hits albums. Poetry.
Oh, yeah, like, I read it all the time. Princess Diana. Let's leave it be, I reckon.
Never get the feeling intellectuals laugh at you. Couldn't give a f... mate. He asked
me to sign, telling me it was non-obligatory. For the purposes of verification only. Two
weeks later, we got in the post all we wanted. Except for the Princess Diana stuff.
Hey, well, you have to draw the line somewhere, friends. That was from TISM, and the song
about being a wanker was, likewise, from TISM. You can find them on the internet.
TISM.net at TISM.net.au, because they're in Australia. But I would suggest Wikieatism
for information. We also heard some radio synesthesia there from WCSB Cleveland. And
the movie clip in between those two was from Land of the Blind, which is a 2006 movie that
puts a slight twist on the basic 1984 dystopia.
Fun movie. Reverend Corey McAbby is in it, too, as a torturer. Weirdos get tortured
by normals a lot in history, and friends, we're trying to turn that around. And that's
why we hold church socials and orgies like X-Day. Praise Connie.
Well, that's an interesting drill. I like that.
Yeah, and we found that as a social club, the church has been really successful. There
have been a lot of marriages.
Yeah.
Within, you know, people who met within the church and got married. You know, once you're
a subgenius minister, you can perform marriages.
Cool.
I've done, I've lost count how many. I mean, 20 or 30 marriages in different states. And
if those aren't legitimate marriages, then a lot of money has been wasted on divorces,
let me put it that way. So, yes, and our weddings are really helpful.
They're very sad affairs sometimes when they break up.
Well, you know, after all, I think weddings are sort of like, you know, there are some
cultures that they do at a celebration of a birth, they actually, it's like a wake.
Right.
Yeah. I mean, because, you know, congratulations, welcome to the world, you poor slob.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, that kind of thing.
Yeah. We've been, we would love to offer multiple partner marriages like the Mormons used to
have.
Hmm.
And some of them still do. Polygamy and so forth.
Yeah.
But I guess that's for the foreign ministries of the church.
Yeah, or the foreign press.
Yeah.
Yeah, right. If you're Nicolau Sarkozy or something.
Thanks, Rick Barber and KOA Denver. Now, what I'm about to play before we go back to Dr.
Sinister's Radio Synesthesia is a mystery clip from some cheesy old sci-fi movie the
title of which is unknown to me. So if you know, tell me, Stang, at subgenius.com, because
when I tuned in this movie, they were, I swear they were talking about the book of the subgenius,
which came out in 1983, and yet this is like a 1950s or early 1960s sci-fi bad film.
Something that Bob must have arranged. It might be teenagers from outer space, but I'm not sure.
I forget.
They have been made to forget for centuries. But I have learned how it once was. Families,
brothers and sisters, there was happiness, there was love.
Of what do you speak? From where have you learned such things?
I have read. I have read from this book. I discovered it and kept it hidden. Somehow
it survived the flames of the annihilators. When our people were turned to dust, they
turned into mechanized slaves, centuries ago.
Let me see that book. I am interested to see what sways your mind so heavily.
You may have it.
Bring up the gargantum. That book has indeed made you forget many things. We are the supreme
race. We have the supreme weapons. People are not meant to be a part of ethics. A fox




well why how are they destroying the world right now since i did kind of uh exude the flavoring of
the topping what this week this you guys were talking about this specifically this week no we
were talking about the distant uh well the the uh singularity and the ideogularity oh i didn't
understand at the same time and then you just started talking about pickled feet well no i
thought it did have to do with ideogularity doesn't it well let's see how are they trying
to end the world right now well the government's lifting the baghdad curfew that's going to cause
the end of the world and they're lifting the Olympic torch arrives in beijing that's another
key to the end of the world i guess the guy that genetically altered after the killing fields died
so richard whitmark died oh my god that's the final sign that and the red heifer no no
he
before he died now richard whitmark was in a lot of those uh really cool uh movies where you know
one species or another is always arising and threatens to make problems for mankind like
killer bees or killer ants or killer robots anything killer in the title he was always in it
usually he was in a movie called the swarm which was about uh angry africanized killer bees which
which were just destroying decimating whole
sections of the southwest and just killing people left and right they always blame it on the
africanized ones what about the americanized killer bees or the well no the americanized
killer bees are too lazy what about the latin american killer bees right the south americanized
killer bees oh they're the ones pollinating all the coca leaves so they die from like
exhaustion hawaiiated the antarcticanized killer bees those are the really scary ones
deadly because they were
they're prehistoric ones that are like four feet long and then there's the australianized
think about what kind of fossils think about what kind of fossils are hiding
underneath the antarctic ice sheet that we'll never get to see
we'll find out soon enough oh there's tons of stuff that's you know man is not meant to see
under that ice what is it like like well first you got your beats from 20 000 fathoms first that
hits new york then you got your clover field then you got your big yakutismo monsters i mean it's
just like one thing after another
and somewhere in there there was uh even an attack by humans uh with airplanes
did now didn't lovecraft mention the those beings that live in the center underneath the
earth of anartha right the yeah the old ones had a base there yeah from long before man or even
tens of millions of years ago it was uh he was up by the equator actually they say but it drifted
to anarchica well it didn't exactly drift
It was more violently pushed.
It stayed relatively warm until it separated from South America,
at which point the Antarctic circumpolar current was made possible.
Well, now, there's fossils, aren't there, in Antarctica
that show signs of intense flash freezing?
Like something just suddenly hit them.
I don't know anything about that.
How would Dr. Sinister know about the actual, you know,
the lacerations on the bees and stuff there?
That's just too much to purport into the future.
You know, you'd have to actually have seen the bees.
And the bees are the bees' knees.
Well, that's the thing.
I mean, they're so concerned about these gigantic ice sheets
the size of New Jersey falling off.
What they should be worried about is what kind of monsters are freed
by global warming that are locked in the ice.
Flying saucers that crashed full of shape-changing things,
rhendosauruses.
There's all kinds of stuff buried down there.
Viruses that are actually six foot long and weigh 300 pounds.
I mean, it's just a restroom down there.
Waiting for...
Yeah, it's a sewer of monsters.
That's where all the monsters get flushed to.
I thought that Antarctica was really just sort of like the beer cooler for the Wyatt.
Well, maybe that is, you know...
Well, the poles were kind of like heat sinks for the planet, you know.
Yeah, but see, our ice is melting,
and we can't go out to another planet.
We can't go out to another ice machine.
Yeah.
Wow.
What if it was like...
And they're going to be mad when they come back
and all their tasty treats in their cooler is warm.
Right.
I mean, so right now it's just ice shelves.
But what happens when it's ice tables and ice chairs and ice boxes?
There you go.
Ice stoves that start falling off of continents.
From one side of the earth to the other.
Right.
The end of the world as we know it.
Right.
Just wild.
The king of that.
Wildly floating around in the ocean.
Yeah, that is not where you want to be right now.
You guys know what it is?
Okay.
Do you know what that thing is?
They know they ain't telling me.
Whatever it is, it's winning.
I don't feel so good.
What do you want from me?
I want you to tell me about the conspiracy.
Conspiracy.
We know that you, some of the others, are plotting a conspiracy.
There's no conspiracy.
Do you still maintain that you were involved in the assassination of the president?
Yes.
Well, that was a conspiracy.
It was a conspiracy, wasn't it?
So why wouldn't you be involved in another one?
I'm not.
So you admit that there is a conspiracy?
If I was plotting something, do you think that I'd be stupid enough to attack a guard?
Maybe you attacked the guard to make us think you were involved in a conspiracy,
or you'd never have attacked the guard.
I'm not that smart.
It's tough to believe you, Joe, when you won't even declare what side you're on.
So are you going to do yourself a favor and sign the loyalty off?
No.
I just want to protect myself.


I want to protect my family.

Follow a healthy doctor about liver problems.
Diabetes.
Unexplained muscle pain or weakness.
Lankiness.
Migraines.
Osteoporosis.
Deluxe redness.
Odors.
Heartburn.
Heartburn.
Heart failure.
Heart disease.
Kidney disease.
Damage.
Stomach disease.
Stomach problems.
Fractures.
Arthritis.
Chest pain.
Tuberculosis.
Headache.
Multiple sclerosis.
Diarrhea and abdominal pain.
Asthma attack.
Blood disorders.
Nervous system disorders.
An active live infection.
open sore, headache, headaches, diarrhea, lymphoma, indigestion and rash, liver disease, liver, kidney problems, muscle pain or serious skin reactions.
Free trial.
I'm a man of science, Joe.
All this revolutionary mumbo-jumbo.
I was hired to employ the scientific method.
My job right now is to uncover the root of this conspiracy based on the evidence.
You have evidence?
No, that's how we know there's a conspiracy.
What?
If there wasn't a conspiracy, there'd be evidence. That's how effective the conspiracy is.
Morning, Joe.
What's better than a big juicy steak?
You ask me that every morning.
I ask you that every morning and every morning you tell me the same thing.
So, what's better than a big juicy steak?
Nothing.
Nothing's better than a big juicy steak.
But, now, as I understand it, though, there are trace amounts of Viagra and every other medicine known to man, not only in all of our drinking water, but all of our bottled and bodied water.
But, luckily, they all counteract each other.











There's some Valium and some Methamphetamine.
There you go.
Two great tastes that go great together.
But they never named children after them, though.
Hey, you got Valium and my Methamphetamine.
Joe, you got Methamphetamine on my Valium.
That is a very useful and useless name.
There are trace amounts, and it occurred to me, I was thinking, okay, well, if homeopathy is right, then we should all be high as hell from drinking this water.
Homeopathic.
Homeopathy was a Greek word.
I think it was a Greek scientist or something in the old days.
Don't be a homeopath.
If the less of something you have diluted in your water, remembered magically by the water, if that's for real, then all these medicines that are mixed up in our city water should be coming on like gangbusters.
Are you talking about...
Well, it may be doing it, because that would explain why people do such really dumb, just amazingly dumb things when they're purportedly sober.
You mean...
I mean...
Are you guys talking about magically empowered water?
Yeah.
Okay.
Water that remembers.
Water that won't forgive and forget.
Water that holds a grudge.
Memory water.
For millions of years.
Dihydrogen monoxide.
That's right.
You see, you've been predicting for years the dangers of too much dihydrogen monoxide, and look, your predictions have come true.
Yeah.
Pretty soon...
Dihydrogen monoxide will be outlawed in schools and cities, because it will just...
Kids will be getting high off of it.
Right, and they'll also be getting erections.
Right.
That's when the conspiracy is going to come out with a water substitute, which they're going to claim is going to be better than water, yet it's going to be, you know, made out of...
See, that's from the ideogularity again.
Right.
With electrolytes.
Right.
It's water with electrolytes, which, you know, that's already been predicted by other prophets.
Right.
We know these times are coming.
Well, I...
Just hard water, normal hard water actually contains electrolytes.
Right, and that's why they call it hard water.
Get your calcium and magnesium in there.
Good for you.
Because it can cause erections.
A child supposedly overdosed on nutmeg recently in the northeastern Ohio area.
Really?
Assuming that he could get high, and he did.
But he had, he peppered his bowels and he, I think he skinned up his blood air a little bit and was led confusedly to the hospital where he remains in another place.
Really?
Well, you know, he probably would make some tasty cookies right about...
Well, you can get high as a chicken.
There are so many legal ways to get high, but most of them make you really sick to your stomach first, and that's, like, why they're not popular maybe.
Well, and then you...
Or they just mess you up so bad.
...start saying Art Linkletter and that makes you jump out windows.
You hallucinate Art Linkletter coming after you and that's what causes kids to jump out windows when they get high on...
It's...
...Gymson weed and all those other nice organic...
Yes, Gymson weed.
...contacts.
Well, he claimed, Art Linkletter claimed that his own beloved, I think it was, niece smoked Gymson weed and jumped off the Trans-American building.
And that was never discounted by anyone in the media, accepted it and passed it.
And, uh...
How did she get up to the top of the Trans-American building to jump?
They didn't explain that part either.
You know, it's just the way things are, man, you know?
Now, Joe, the sooner you admit your involvement in this, the sooner you get out of here, get that eye taken care of...
By who?
The chaplain will pray for it to heal.
Why do you insist on resisting when you can't even be sure of your own story?
Did you personally witness the supposed murder of the president?
No.
So you didn't actually see Mr. Thorne pull the trigger?
No.
Joe, have you ever heard the story of the five blind men who came upon an elephant?
One felt the leg and said, ah, an elephant is very much like a tree.
The next felt the trunk and said, an elephant is very much like a snake.
The next felt the tusk and said, an elephant is very much like a spear.
See what I'm trying to get at?
What happens to the prisoners you photograph and then take away?
So let's go through this one more time, Joe.
Want another reason to get the hell out of here?
I'll give you the best one.
Her.
She's our very own Jim Jones.
I'd like to leave before people start drinking the Kool-Aid.
He's right.
The more people get, the better she's gonna look.
No, I don't buy that. It's obvious she's nuts.
Look, a few people, maybe, but...
No, I count four.
She's preaching to him right now.
By noon, she'll have four more.
By tomorrow night, when those things come back, she'll have a congregation.
And then we can start worrying about who she's gonna sacrifice to make it all better.
You don't have much faith in humanity, do you?
None whatsoever.
I can't accept that.
People are basically good, decent.
My God, David, we're a civilized society.
Sure, as long as the machines are working and you can dial 911.
But you take those things away, you throw people in the dark, you scare the shit out of them.
No more rules.
You'll see how primitive they get.
They scare people badly enough.
You can get them to do anything.
They'll turn to whoever promises a solution.
Or whatever.
Ollie, please, back me up here.
I wish I could.
As a species, we're fundamentally insane.
But more than two of us in a room, we pick sides and start dreaming up reasons to kill one another.
Why do you think we invented politics and religion?
Oh, you're right.
Jesus, that's just wrong.
Look, nobody has to decide anything now, okay?
First thing's first.
The pharmacy.
It's all the goddamn money, Ed Tom.
Money and the drugs.
It's just goddamn beyond everything.
What's it mean?
What's it leading to?
You know, if you'd have told me 20 years ago,
I'd see children walk in the streets of our Texas town,
with green hair, bones in their noses.
I just flat out wouldn't have believed you.
Signs and wonders.
But I think once you quit hearing sir and ma'am,
the rest is soon to follow.
Oh, it's the tide.
It's the dismal tide.
It is not the one thing.
Not the one thing.
It's the other thing.
Do you ever think about what a lovely place the world would be
without all the people who make life so unpleasant,
and all the small, petty people,
and all the ugly, annoying people?
It's hard not to think about it.
I like to think about what could be done to these people.
Something cruel.
Something mean.
Something just.
But the meaner, the better.
Goodness knows they deserve it.
Have you ever dreamed of killing all the stupid people?
Not just the unintelligent people,
but the sort that don't know anything about anything,
yet seem to have opinions about everything.
They're only...
They're only...
too ready to offer you their advice about how to run their life.
And yet look at how they run their own lives.
For the most part, they've accomplished nothing.
They've contributed nothing.
Their lives are miserable.
But they talk, talk, talk.
At the very least, their tongue should be cut out.
At the very least.
Do you ever want to kill all the people who tell lies?
I'm certainly deserving of that.
Not necessarily the big liars,
or even those who teach lies as truth.
I'm talking about people who say one thing and do another.
Or who tell you they've sent something to you.
Or who express mail, and you know they haven't.
Did you ever want to kill all the slow people in the world?
The people who are in front of you when they should be behind you.
The crime that the swift should be held back by the slow.
And the scrimmial that nothing's known to rectify it.
What do others do other than make it appear as if they're crazy?

What about all the ugly people?
And what about all the really ugly people?
Add them to the list as well.
Some people
People try not to think about life's ugliness.
I've thought about it.
I've thought about it quite a lot.
Something should be done to these people.
Something to make them suffer
the way they've made us suffer.
I say, bring back Bacircus Maximus, for starters.
Unless these weeds are dealt with,
they'll poison everything.
They are poisoning everything.
We need a gardener.
A brutal gardener.
A thorough, thoughtful gardener.
An iron gardener.
Whatever happened to Vlad the Impaler?
Where's Genghis Khan when we need him?
Or Roy Deese?
Ayatollah Khomeini?
Adolf Hitler?
Benito Mussolini?
Nero, Di phải, Kitchner?
Come on!
Come on!
Come on!
Come on!
Come on!
Come on!
Come on!
Come on!
Come on!
Thank you.
Thank you.
None of that explains your man, though.
Uh-uh.
He's just a goddamn homicidal lunatic, yet, Tom.
I'm not sure he's a lunatic.
Yeah, well, what would you call him?
Yeah.
You know, sometimes I think he's pretty much a ghost.
He's real.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, all of that over at the Eagle Hotel.
Just beyond everything.
Yeah.
Got some hard bark on him.
Well, that don't hardly say it.
He shoots a desk clerk one day,
walks right back in the next,
and shoots a retired Army colonel.
It's hard to believe.
Just strolls right back into a crime scene.
Now, who'd do such a thing?
How do you defend yourself?
I'm not going to defend against it.
Where'd you go after work detail this morning?
I told you I went back to my cell.
Which is where?
Michigan Avenue.
And where'd you go after that?
To the Chum Hall.
And after that?
I went back to my cell again.
And then where?
The Duck's Say.
The Duck's Say?
What's a duck say?
Quack, quack.
What's a duck say? Slack, slack.
That clip and others like it, friends, are from the movie Land of the Blind,
a fun little look at an alternate future.
The clips with the old Texans lamenting the kids these days and the green hair
are from the movie No Country for Old Men, and I know just how they feel.
There was also an excerpt from The Mist, a nice old-school monster movie,
and some lemur doctoring, and radio synesthesia with Pisces, Rocknar,
Lonesome Cowboy David, yours truly, Reverend Zang,
joining Dr. Sinister on WCSB Cleveland.
And...
There was that six-minute rant about all those people.
That is from Boyd, Rice, and Friends.
Friends.
The background music, if you can call it that, is by Reverend Just John at just-john.com.
And this whole old show is from the Church of the Subgenius,
Subgenius Foundation Incorporated, and is episode number one.
1,152 of the hour of Slack.
But essentially what you're saying then is Slack is whatever you make of it.
Slack is whatever makes you feel like you're doing the right thing for you.
It's, you know, for some people Slack is just sitting around drinking beer and watching crappy TV.
For other people, though, Slack would be listening to Rick Barber's great show.
For another person, Slack would be working.
Actually,
working, but working at what they wanted to be doing.
So, in a sense, I could be achieving spiritual Slack as we speak.
Exactly.
Right.
I see.
That makes me feel better.
There's a little bit of Slack for you right there.
Yeah, see?
My soul has been uplifted.
Thank you.
All right, Lee, thanks so much.
Well, I feel better already.
I've helped the man to find a kind of a Slacky nirvana.
Yeah, Slack actually makes...
Slack is so great compared to Nirvana.
It makes Nirvana feel like being buried up to your neck in the desert with honey all over you and the flies and ants crawling into your eyes.
Unless you're really into that.
Slack is makes Nirvana seem like that by comparison.
Or either you're listening to a CD and you didn't know you were up to your neck yet.
Look around.
Look around.
Look around.
Look around.
Look around.
look around.
You're only one fad away from being retro.
You're only one drug away from liking techno.
You're only one glasses away from dyslexia.
You're only one Cleo man from Anorexia
You're only Fabian from a far away
You're only Fabian from a far away
You're only Fabian from a far away
You're only one download from Vissos copyright
You're only one Tim Tam away from cellulite
You're only one phone call from Captain in the Aussie side
You're only one lifestyle show from Suicide
You're only one station from John Law's ship
You're only one lobotomy from Beliebiness
You're only one
You're only Fabian from a far away
You're only Fabian from a far away
You're only Fabian from a far away
You're only one tabloid press from a lynch mob
You're only one acting role from a real job
You're only one strip of flesh from your bones
You're only one species away from Alan Jones
You're only one small speck in space
You're only one life soon erased
Please, there's none left on earth but you
One thing will still remain true
Look around!
You're only one young strumpet queen
You're only one young strumpet queen
Look around!
Look around!
Look around!

Look around!
Look around!
Look around!
Look around!

You're only one young strumpet queen
You're only one strip of flesh from a real job
You're only one life soon erased

One piece of flesh from your bones
You're only one piece of flesh from your bones
Look around, friends.
Actually, that song is called
Five Yards and is by TISM.
TISM is at tism.net.au
If you want to know anything or everything
about the Church of the Subgenius,
we are at subgenius.com
or at P.O. Box 181417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
We're friends forever.
Dynamic Finals
Glad to see you in the
spablesaju's
핏
In Orlando, Florida, Walt Disney faces felony charges after authorities said he'd made plans to have sex with a minor he met online.
This man, Walt Disney, was arrested because, as it turns out, the minor he allegedly planned to have sex with was a 14-year-old girl.
Posing as a police detective, authorities say, police say, Disney confessed to the charge when confronted he's being held on $20 bond.
Let's see, everything conversation tonight.
Yeah, it's too bad that you didn't have more phone lines so you couldn't have, like, opened it up to more people.
Oh, well. It's always next week.
It's like you had the elite of the subgenius people talking to you tonight.
If, uh, yeah, I guess, yeah. You could look at it that way. I don't think any of us really see ourselves as elite.
Okay, well, I'm using that word in an ironic sense.
Yeah.
We're like...
We're like the cream of the loo.
Well, I was thinking of using that word. I didn't, well, but you said it for me.
What, crop?
If the creator had meant us to shift rocks by witchcraft, he wouldn't have invented shovels.
Knowing when to use a shovel is what being a witch is all about.
And put down that wheelbarrow, my grad. You don't know nothing about machinery.
