Lately, the radio hasn't exactly been your friend, has it?
Most of those stations are run by corporate cannibals you wouldn't even bother to grind into plant food
because the resulting slurry would probably turn the garden into a dust bowl.
The pop drivel, the whining country trash, the rap crap, the screeching contests, the machine gun news reports.
In a high-speed psycho world like this one, you need that kind of withering input like you need a tattoo of Hitler on your forehead.
But where can you turn for programming that'll stimulate the mind and soothe the weary soul?
Where in the vast broadcast wasteland can you go for a cool drink of intellectual water that'll cut the psychic dust in your mind's throat?
Why, you turn to the almighty subgenius Hour of Slack every Sunday night at 9 on that electromagnetic powerhouse,
KNON, 89.3 FM in frantic yet beautiful Dallas, Texas.
Put your fevered soul in the clawed yet loving hands of self-appointed soothsayer, Reverend Ivan Stang,
and slide into a world of comfort that puts the skids on your plunge into psychosis with a volley of morbid yet irresistible yucks and guffaws.
Is your ears be playing tricks on you? No, it's merely the subgenius Hour of Slack, relief unbounded for a society on the verge.
Praise Bob and do it now.
Hello, this is Timothy Larry reminding you that just as you need slack, KNON needs your help.
Send in those pledges.
And praise Bob.
Stop.
All of you.
Be silent.
You people of this planet, you must not use force.
Can somebody tell me what the Sam Hill is going on around here?
Uncontrolled thinking, controlled by Bob, will usher in a spiritual rebrief.
A cascade of a...
astounding mystery.
Supernatural bridges and a restoration of lost psychic abilities.
I don't want to go on.
It will totally transform the lives of those who dare to seek them and pay for them.
Let's get the hell out of here.
We have such sights to show you.
Shit.
Now I warn you.
There are powers in the universe beyond anything you know.
It's a dream.
It's a dream.
It's a dream.
It's a dream.
It's a dream.
It's a dream.
It's a dream.
It's a dream.
It's a dream.
It's a dream.
It's a dream.
This is just a mythical universe.
Why?
Who are you, and who are you?
Why'd you focus your life in this dream?
You found yourself in this deep dolorous anthrop tireless pit.
Dis injustly on your own because of evil.
MeditatingJulienstheta need not contracted yours or your Mother's mind.
Don't murk your mind.
Get a blow to you all.
Now,
Die for it.
Hush now. Everything's all right.
Come to daddy.
Bob?
Bob is sex.
That's your key phrase. It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
Hey, what's going on here?
The subgenius.
Our old swag.
Here's your host.
Who sits on the right-hand side of Bob?
None other than the Reverend.
Reverend Ivan Stang.
It's me.
It's really me.
It's dangerous.
It opens doors.
What kind of doors?
Doors to the pleasures of heaven or hell.
I didn't care which.
I thought I'd gone to the limits.
I hadn't.
The Cenobites gave me an experience beyond the limits.
Pain and pleasure.
Indivisible.
Bob is getting down with you here tonight.
Bob is getting down to help your plight.
Bob is coming here to ease your strife.
Cometsuckers let Bob into your life.
Big bad Bob.
I'm going to live and you're going to help me, yes?
Yes.
Perfect.
You're going to have to learn as much as you have to learn.
You must explore.
You must reach out.
Go to your home.
Go and give thought to the mysteries of the universe.
Man, do you know where you are?
No.
No.
No.

You aren't saying that because you're going to-
Where are you going?
You didn't, do you know what he said?

They say that there is no mercy when a man выйes because of his murder,



You are still not that much older than me, if you are brave enough now.
I'm a young man with who just started talking back at this point, freedom.
Everybody has a soul.
We can use that.
You can find something to take.
Yeah.
You'll find something.
Hmm.
And really, whatever's in your purse would be helpful.
Do you have to be in good health for this?
No, not at all.
Not at all.
In fact, this is a church for people that are generally regarded as being in very poor mental health.
I see.
I see.
And you're the leader, right?
No, I am merely a spokesperson for J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He is a reverend in the Church of the Sub-Genius.
I write a lot of Bob's PR and speeches.
I see.
I'll tell you what.
We've got to run.
We've got other calls.
Let's continue on.
We're going to know.
The horrible, perverse God is laughing at his truth.
It stays the same.
From what I've told you about Bob, you think he sounds okay to you?
Yeah, I guess.
You're not sure?
Only one thing I'm sure of.
What's that?
Lucky.
Oh, but incidentally, the question is, Reverend Jones, you know about that cult.
You didn't agree with...
Jim Jones?
Right.
Yes, yes.
We used to deal with him.
Bob learned a lot from him.
But you're not with him.
You welcome other races in your church, right?
Well, are you talking about Jim Jones?
Right, the one I killed.
He killed a lot of blacks, but, you know, anybody...
He didn't kill anybody.
He wasn't...
He wasn't really particular about that.
He wasn't all there.
No.
No, he definitely wasn't.
He used the wrong formula in that Kool-Aid, see?
Those people were supposed to get eternal slack, and then it didn't work out that way.
Slack instead of slack.
Yeah.
Yeah, that was supposed to give them eternal slack, and it didn't.
Okay, when did your church start, Reverend?
Well, Bob Dobbs was seized by...
seized up in the spirit and saw vision from Jehovah's...
Jehovah's Pandora.

Take that.
So he drag on...
He took Walter.
Huh?

And started Ank accol moved around theило for HL known for?
Wow,
were you ''島''-like?
Yeah
Yeah.

Of course it's been, ever since then, we've, well it's been a tale of endless slack and horror.
...callers, they're all over the outside of the ship, they'll be frozen!
Well they won't get in, they're little fumbling hands.
Look there's a fuzzy little puff of collar down there on the right rocket motor.
Get him!
Thank you, thank you.
Oh boy.
I think the collar seal's broken.
Ah, who would have thought that there were...
The seal's on that facelift that blew up, no way to get it loaded.
Uh oh, navigational officer's killing the callers.
Yeah, he's smiting them and squashing them, one by one, like the insects they resemble from this altitude.
Doug, listen, I don't have long to talk. I think they're coming for me.
So, all the plans have changed. I've gotta leave the country by Friday.
Uh, I'm gonna be in Europe somewhere, and uh, I don't know what you're supposed to do.
Uh, I think Dob said something about going to South America, but uh, who can say?
Um, oh god, I don't know, they already got Wellman and...
...the news. I think, I think Hal turned them in.
Uh, so, here they come.
Without that deadly talent for being in the right place at the right time, evil must suffer defeat.
Unlike its opposite good, evil has allowed no human healings, no miscalculations.
Evil must be perfect, or depend upon the imperfections of others.
I'd like to ask him a question or two.
You too? Yeah, go ahead.
How can I be saved in the year 1998?
Uh, it's very, very simple. You just have a membership card identifying yourself as a minister in the church of the Lord.

You have the subgenius in your pocket.
Yeah?
So, we're not in any hurry to recruit people. We figure that around 1997 we'll start getting, as the earthquakes and volcanoes start happening in, in all over the country, in the world...
...we'll just automatically, people will understand that Bob is their last hope.
Yeah. I see.
Okay, and um...
It's only $20 for the, uh, ordination papers.
Yeah? So, so it's...
And a few other propaganda papers.
Yeah, propaganda, what's that?
So, $20 will buy you eternal salvation, then?
Eternal salvation or triple your money back, my friend.
I see.
No other church or cult makes that claim.
Well, I would certainly trust a cult that made that claim.
Dr. Howell, what's your question?
Well, I didn't have a question. I was just calling up to say, God love you, you crazy, beautiful bastard.
I just love your program.
Yeah.
And I love everything you do, you know? Your fun-loving monkey shines and eye pollutants...
Is this a plant call?
Hygiene.
Yeah, I love you. Anything you do is okay in my book, but do I have to get a lawyer to make you stop harassing me?
Hey, hey, hey, listen up, listen up.
...you're gonna pass it over to the guys at the right now for a lawyer's position.
Well, when you put it that way, it makes it seem all the more remarkable that you were so forbearing and thoughtful about our creature culture.
But I just wanted to say that, uh...
Oh, okay.
One of these days, I'll be there.
I'll be back on the show. By God, I tell you, you kids, you're wonderful, I love you, you're beautiful.
Can you describe to us what you can see from your orbit out there?
Well, it's, uh, kind of, looks kind of like a green mold from this high up. You'd think that it was a mighty civilization pulsating on holy life.
It looks more like the kind of green mold you might see on a cucumber that you leave out of the fridge too long.
But it's actually all that we hold dear and cherish in our heart.
That's certainly true.
And are you undergoing boy-yo-yoing and, uh, baby-ation tonight?
Yes, it's all over the place.
But we have very, very many tonight listening. Thousands and thousands. Look at them, Hal!
Oh, my God, what a disgusting sight. What a mess of man.
This Hal spins around the Earth at higher and higher speeds. He sees you little listeners trying to call, trying to call in.
Hold on, Hal, we'll be right back. Good God, what's happening?
What are you doing?
We're trying to fix the show.
Why are you doing that to me?
Just a silly idea.
Because there's nothing else to do, Hal.
Here, would you like to look at some drawings, Hal?
Hey, you want to play some chess, Hal?
Hey, don't shut down the other guys, Hal.
Hey, okay, Mobius, let's go inside this, uh, life containment center.
I think Hal's gone crazy. I mean, I can't say that out here.
...simulated smattering of wisdom...
Oh, no, look, look, look what happened to Hal.
...drugs...
Hi, uh, the fellow from Texas?
Yeah, Reverend Stang.
Reverend Stang, uh, you, you, you, uh, refer to your incubation period as 1953?
Well, I think it sort of started fermenting in Bob's brain about that time.
And how old was, was he when he, uh, fermented this, uh, this discovery?
The, the teachings of flack?
Yeah.
Oh, he was probably in his, uh, early 20s. It's really hard to say.
Bob is as old as the mountain in his youth.
He's as young as the streams, you might say.
He's sort of ageless. There have always been Bobs, all through history.
Uh-huh.
Not all of them were good Bobs, like the one we have now.
There have been evil Bobs.
So, so, Reverend, would it, would it be, um, would it be okay to say, or is it a good analogy to say that, uh, Bob is to slack as, uh, say, Lassie is to television?
As, as to, as Lassie is to television?
Well, I mean, there've, there've been a lot of different Lassies as well. Some better than others.
Right, right.
Oh, yeah, you can get, you don't have to have Bob to have Flack. You can, you can get Flack without Bob.
Okay.
But, Bob is the only one who can really teach you to think for yourself.
Okay.
Uh, uh, uh, Mr. Texas?
Right.
Oh, Mr. Texas.
No, I'm not Mr. Texas.
Reverend Stang?
Yeah.
Reverend Stang.
Sifida here in Connecticut has some interesting guests.
Sometimes we wonder, how do you make your living and how do you account for the IRS?
Do you have tax returns?
Is the Church of the Subgenius a tax-exempt donation?
No, no.
The church is the world's first industrial church.
Bob does not believe that people should have to subsidize religions they might not believe in.
Besides that, the IRS wouldn't give us a tax-exempt status anyway.
But believe me, you more than make up in slack what you would continue to lose in your taxes.
So it is a monetarily-based, capitalistic church.
Oh, absolutely.
Bob is all-American.
I mean, this is like capitalism taken to its furthest extreme,
and it's proof of just how free we are in this country to get away with just about anything.
Uh-huh. I see.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
And the more you pay, the more salvation and the more slack you will have.
Well, the more years of eternity in the subgenius heaven or hell.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh, depending on what you want, you know.
I see.
Okay.
Uh, so Christ and Moses in heaven.
I don't know where it is.
I know it's not up there.
Because I believe that the earth revolves.
And sometimes you can go to heaven at 12.07.
You can go to hell at 6.30.
You're going in for a book, right?
Hell is to the left.
Yeah.
Maybe right now.
So, okay.
Christ and Moses.
Look at the earth.
And they say, well.
Obviously the book is bombing down there.
Gideons are shoving it in motel drawers.
And that's it.
Through usage, yeah.
It's lost impact.
Give us this day out there.
Yeah, usage becomes trite then.
Like, good night.
It doesn't mean good night.
The guy said good night to me, isn't it?
No, it's really a contraction.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.

Good night.
Good night.




Thank you?
Does thank you mean, oh, thank you.
If anyone here said thank you to you, really, you'd go, oh, thank you.
He'd talk us like a good old jank who'd thank you.
Yeah.
So you're going to Bible usage.
You see.
Do a rewrite on it, definitely.
It's about time for that.
Yeah.
Certain things are complete superstition.
Have no validity at all in the Bible.
Yeah.
They're just the antithesis of everything that is correct intellectually.
but some of the basic things heavy beautiful so they'll make the earth
that's it Christ was come down Saturday shul day synagogue day let's make all
the shoes are second-day have new shoes real shoes shoes that the gypsies took
over because it was storefront synagogues now the gypsies are cooking
there so now there we go the west coast see there's what kind of shoes like did
you see the Sullivan show that had um so I mean you want it what was he doing
let's say I mean you're reading the Bible Luther Adler and then he got
really it got even too heavy-handed for Sullivan because he copped out later
they got
oh my goodness
like Sal Meno is reading the Bible.
I'm looking at this answer, strange.
Now Sullivan comes out and he goes,
I don't want people to think that this reflects the tenor of Exodus.
What he was telling the people is it's not that dull, boring crap in the Bible, you know.
Ben Hurst flips Esther a lot.
There's a lot of kids in the picture and it's really horny, but don't.
That's what he said.
He said, you know, people get the impression that it's really, that's what he said.
It's dull.
Songs of Esther really hasten.
That's a beautiful part of the Bible.
Okay.
West Coast, Christ and Moses will make reformed shuls, reformed rabbis.
So reformed, they're ashamed they're Jewish.
And they got a different sound.
It's a typical reformed rabbi sound.
Service, right?
1201 Saturday night.
When did you accept that the children of Israel?
Ha ha, Israel.
Where is Israel?
Is yonder Israel?
Out quench on flaming yurt-side candle Israel.
That is the Israel of Chabellion David and Ruth and Sherilam and Joy.
Oh, rabbi, that was a beautiful speech.
Dank shalom.
I like that with the tiff top my head.
Oh, yeah.
All right, now.
Sender.
Sender.
Christ the most.
This is fly to New York.
France, continental.
$88 to Chicago.
$35.
All right.
All right, now, let's see what they would make.
They'd probably make, is it what's playing in St. Pat's?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Good double bill, Spellman and Sheen.
That's okay.
That's okay.
That's okay.
Oh, Mr. Spellman.
Oh, Mr. Sheen.
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
Oh, okay.
Now, Christ and Moses are both possessed humility.
Why?
Wisdom.
That's it.
Anybody?
Anybody who is secure, there's never any hostility, because he's cool.
Anyone who is above you even is.
So they just stand on the back of St. Patrick's.
And they'd listen, look around.
Cardinal Spellman would be relating love and giving and forgiveness to the people.
And Christ would be confused, because their route took them through Spanish Harlem.
And you would wonder what 40 Puerto Ricans were doing living in one room.
This guy had a ring on it.
It was worth eight grand.
And he would wonder at the grandeur.
See, why aren't the Puerto Ricans living here?
It's clean and nice.
And what does it all mean?
And they'd just be shucking back and forth and talking.
And maybe Bishop Sheen would see them back there and run up to Spellman on the lectern
and, psst, I want to talk to you for a minute.
Would you go back to the Blackboard and stop bugging me now?
I want to talk to her.
I've got to go.

I've got a custom in the back.
All right, put the choir on for 10 minutes.
What is it?
What is it?
You'll never guess who's here.
Who's here?
You're not going to believe me.
You're going to think I've been drinking.
All right, who's here?
Christ and Moses.
Are you putting me on now?
I'm telling you about Jesus.


Oh, I have to show you.
What's this?
Are you sure it's them?
Well, I've just seen them in pictures, but I'm pretty sure it's them.
Moses is a ringer for Charlton Heston, I'm sure.
Hmm.
Where are they standing?
In the back.
Don't look now, you idiot.
They can see us.
Christ and Moses, both here.
The way in the back.
Did Christ bring the family?
What's his mother's name?
That's weird.
I read the book today too.
I'm so nervous.
Mary.
Mary what?
Mary what?

I don't know, Mary, Mary Hale?
No, uh, Hail Mary, Mary Hale.
Hail Mary?
Harry Mary?
No, I don't know what that looks like.
Oh, yeah.
Hail Mary, oh, Hail Mary Full of Grace Thompson.
They're very thick with the duponts on a Montreux point.
They're back here, yes.
All right.
All right, yeah, it's on there.
If this ever gets around now.
It has.
Oh, Christ, don't look in the front door.
The lepers are coming.
All right.
Uh, oh, yeah.
Uh, sir, uh, would you take the bell off, please?
Thank you very much.
All right.
Wait, mister, will you pick up your leg, madam, your nose, your...
Thank you.
Uh, all right.
Uh, they've got Sophie Tucker with Moses posing.
Take that Hebrew National Banner down.
Mr. Jesse, will you get off the Madonna?
That's not a stat.
All right, give me a direct line to Rome, quickly.
Rome.
All right.
Hello.
Hello.
John Friend in New York.
Listen, a couple of kids dropped in.
Uh, yeah, you know them.
Well, I can't really talk right now.
Excuse me.
Hello, we're from Newsweek, and we want to know if they have State Department clearance,
and is that really them?
Well, I'm yes, it is them.
Sonny, get off my hand.
Yes, that is them, dear, yes.
I don't know if they're going to do any tricks today.
I don't know.
Yes, they can fly.
No, Mary Martin isn't God's mother.
Get the hell out of here now.
Hello.
Oh, you know them.
One kid is, well, I'll...
With a cross on...
No, not Zorro.
Damn, that's right.
He brought a very attractive Jewish boy with him.
Oh, he got to do something.
I don't know.
I can't put him up at your place.
No, I didn't paint or anything.
Oh, I got a lot of kids staying over here.
Look, what are we paying protection for?
That's right.
Just get him over here, that's all.
I don't want to hear about that.
Look, all I know is that we're up to our a**.
And crutches and wheelchairs.
Is that good enough for you?
That place is ridiculous here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They're in the back.
Way in the back.
Of course they're white.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is New York.
Puerto Ricans stand in the back.
That's right.
I don't know which ones are they, Sheen.
The ones that are glowing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't know.
What goes wrong with me?
Oh, the office.
Some guys there that are out to get me.
And then at home, I don't know.
My wife.
Oh, the kids, you know, everything.
And then there's the payments due on the car.
Oh, no.
Well, I'm just telling you, I sometimes wonder if it's worth it.
I mean, really.
I wonder if it's worth even trying.
What am I killing myself for like this?
What am I...
I don't know.
Oh, if I had any brains.
That's the trouble.
I've got the brains.
But I don't know.
Maybe it's my attitude.
It's wrong or something.

Nothing happens.
I figured I'd be.

Something in the office by this time.
Everybody gets pushed up ahead of me.
And that, of course, and then there's the wife and the kids.
And the trouble.
The car.
Yeah, and there's...
I don't know.
Oh.
Let's have another drink.
The pepper will sing.
Oh, stop it.
You're killing me.
See, it makes me feel much better.
Just talking to you.
Anytime, baby.
Anytime.
Anytime.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.


Oh.
Oh.

Oh.



Oh.

Oh.













Oh, yeah.
That's...
That was Ken Nordean.
And that's...
That's how the conspiracies made me feel too, friends.
I don't know why I keep calling you friends.
I don't have any friends.
Nobody has any friends.
All we have are bosses and customers.
All the rest of it's bluff.
Pure bluff.
It's like on that Fireside Theater record.
We're all just faking being interested in each other as human beings.
All we're interested in is finding people.
People we can hate for making less money than us.
Because we already hate those that make more money than us.
But at least we feel like they're justified.
The other day I read about this guard that was driving a money truck.
One of those big armored trucks loaded with money.
And he had to put on the...
This is a true story.
He had to put on the brakes real fast.
And this giant sack of quarters, $25,000 in quarters,
busts loose.
When he put on the brakes and slammed against him and crushed him to death.
Crushed under quarters.
Slack friends.
Friends.
That guy got him.
Not as close to slack as any of us are going to get.
God's gotten to where I can't even hate the conspiracy anymore.
At least they make money.
I can hate myself.
My money ran out.
I haven't gotten any more yet.
Since I can't make any money when I hate myself this much,
I guess that means...
I'm out of money for good, huh?
The only thing that could make me like myself would be money.
That doesn't mean I'll like you if you have money.
I'll hate you even more.
But at least I'll respect you.
Because I knew you could bluff better than I could.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Listen to this.
Listen to this.
Listen to this.
God has told me...
That...
Now, friends, I'm...
The person you're hearing talking here, I'm Reverend Stang.
Now, you may say, this man doesn't sound religious.
What kind of a pope or preacher swears and drinks on camera while he's asking for pledges?
I'll tell you what kind, friends.
A subgenius preacher.
A preacher does.
And I want $10,000 pledges.
We are not fooling around here.
Uh, I mean, this...
The transmitter.
These tape decks.
These tapes.
These people.
These things cost.
And so don't call in with these little teeny weeny pledges.
Now, that $10,000 that we've got so far, we know how to spend it.
We'll spend it on fancy clothes and air-conditioned dog houses.
You don't want to see your preacher, Reverend Ivan Stang, preaching in tennis shoes, do you?
You want...
You want to see me in a snakeskin suit?
Because you don't want a stupid preacher.
You don't want a preacher that doesn't abuse your money.
You want one who abuses it, smart enough to abuse it, but honest enough to tell you.
And I need that air-conditioned dog house, my friends, because my own house isn't air-conditioned.
I mean, I'd set up my office in that dog house.
The hour of slack of original tapes wouldn't melt in the heat anymore.
And I'd still share that dog house with my dog.
That's the difference between a subgenius preacher and one of these more famous-like preachers.
The calls are beginning to come in.
But you...
And the children's home in Manila is going to go...
The children's...
The home for slackless children, that thing's going to go down unless we have your money.
So you have been challenged.
You've got to meet this pledge.
And I know that you will, because miracles are happening all over Dallas, friends.
Miracles are happening.
I mean, here's one miracle.

I want to reach out especially to the sisters of Connie out there.
It's time that you all got on the stick, you know what I mean?
Yeah, got to have slack.
Yeah, got to have...
Got to have slack, friends.
Yeah.
I got a big old bob.
I got a big old bob.
He's right inside my pocket.
Got my big old bob.
Just reach inside my pocket.
I just washed him off.
He ain't too stinky this time.
You got to try my bob.
He really wants to meet you.
He's not going to be a big old bob.
He's just going to be a little bit squishy.
Hi, this is Mark Mothersbaugh from Devo.
Give every cent you got to KNON at least tithe ten percent.
If not, all worldly goods, my friend, could mean your very soul.
Your very soul.
Your very soul.
He speaks the truth.
And if you believe that, you'll believe anything.
And that's what we want you to do.
We want you to believe the Bible.
We want you to believe Marvel Comics.
We want you to believe Pee Wee Harmon.
Cheatness, friends, cheatness counts.
It's the only hope for many of us.
And this footage you're seeing from Slackville's celebration shows the drawing power that Bob can have.
Now, we've got to get that Slack TV network on 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
It's going to be all violence and sex, dear friends, except when we're raising money.
Because we love you and we love your children.
And we want to take your children and teach them how to fight the good fight and how to work in our factories and to bring Slack to themselves.
And kids, I want you to go to your parents' purses and wallets right now and pull out whatever you can and send that money to us.
Because it's a miracle.
It's a miracle, friends.
Looky here.
Here's a letter from somebody.
He says, I am a fan and I don't mind if the preacher drinks beer on camera.
When the fundraiser began, I had a hangover and a headache, he says.
But I took Maalox, aspirin, and I watched the pledge drive and slept half a day.
When I woke up, the headache, friends, was gone.
Hallelujah, friends.
The headache was gone.
What more proof do you need?
When others call in and they go, what is this?
What is this thing?
What are you trying to prove?
Is this supposed to be comedy?
Hell, I heard this whole rant in Chicago.
Pope Florist wrote half of this rant.
But, friends, Bob wants, he doesn't just want us to be rich.
He actually wants you to be rich.
But rich without working.
Because this is the church for abnormals.
The church for non-joiners.
So it's hard to get people to join.
Ugh.
It ain't a joke, friends.
Sometimes you're wondering, what is it?
What is this thing?
Well, it ain't collaborative art, no.
It's not subversive either.
And it's not just a bunch of drunk guys.
Nay, nay.
You'll pay.
You will pay.
And then, friends, then, at that moment, you will know what you really think.
I was born in Dallas in 1952.
The Harvey moved across the street on Bay Street.
And I was born on Oakley Avenue.
He used to throw the ball to me when I was just a kid.
They say he shot the president.
I don't think he did.
And Lee Harvey was a friend of mine.
He used to take me fishing.
All the time.
He used to throw the ball to me when I was just a kid.
They say he shot the president.
I don't think he did.
Say hallelujah!
Hallelujah!
It's the bright Reverend Dr. Billy Saul Hargis here on behalf of the First Church of the
Holy Land, the Decoe Death and Discount House of Worship, coming to you from Holy Land,
USA, America's first truly religious amusement park.
Not another pilgrim trap, not another religious ripoff.
Yes, we're located right here in Del Rio, Texas.
Friends, you've heard it, it's true.
For a limited time and a limited time only, you may purchase Billy Saul Hargis' Holy Land
record package that's right you may now purchase for your very own house
come on jesus come on show yourself
i don't see a single line lighten up friends
okay look last time
last time we we only came in number nine on the pledge drive and that's the truth
we bragged too much we had pride but too much pride the giant fell tripped and fell on its
clay feet so our one time naked glory has passed we don't expect y'all to support us anymore we'll
probably just fade out and into obscurity eventually here
at the end of the day

we'll probably just fade out and into obscurity eventually here at the end of the day
It's worse than that.
Bob re-erected again today.
No!
Yes?
It always happens to you.
How come I always miss these things?
He re-erected, and he started channeling through me.
And Bob himself, that's J.R. Bob Dobbs,
for the benefit of those who may have just tuned in,
Bob himself, he told me that if you don't raise $8 million this evening,
he's going to die again.
The listeners to this station are so cold-hearted, so merciless,
so lacking in religious feelings,
they're going to let Bob die a second time?
I certainly hope not.
Hey, Fred, you don't know our listeners, Pope Bob.
I mean, to tell the truth,
these people would pay to watch Bob thrown to the Christians
while the lions watched in the Coliseum.
Oh, yeah.
They'd just soon see blood.
They want to see blood.
Quit hesitating.
Quit waiting.
Quit waiting to see how we're doing.
We're doing great, but we still need every penny
because we want to equip this station with those same things.
Tell them.
Tell them what we can do for this station, IDNAX.
Uh, we can add the Nebulon super-powered radars.
That's right.
If with your pledge money, friends, we could equip this station,
and it can go into battle.
It will be able to transform into battle mode in 5.6 seconds.
And it can transform into a battle station.
It has plenty of places to get gas.
And it'll be for free, so you better pledge.
That's right, friends.
That's the thing.
You're getting this.
You've been getting this for free, most of you.
Each pledge drive.
We got 10,000 listeners out there,
and each pledge drive, about 50 people call in.
Last time, only about, oh, 30.
I'm talking in the thousands, of course.
I want you all to get on the stick here,
because otherwise, well, you'll be hearing just more of this.
Hey!
And over the airwaves,
the pressure to buy, to give, to pledge was relentless.
And although we've got hundreds and thousands that are so faithful,
and God bless you, God bless you for your faithfulness,
still there are hundreds and hundreds, maybe thousands,
who are not faithful, who made the pledge,
and for some reason or another haven't sent it in.
And if we count on that,
and it doesn't come in everything,
everything suffers.
Harsh.
We are even having a hard time meeting the payroll right now,
and the people that we have working for PTL have families, too.
They have bills, too.
Jim Baker's running costs exceeded $2 million a week.
That's nothing compared to ours, friends.
This baby that I'm holding in my hands
is one of the first babies that has been saved.
They call it the buckle on the Bible belt.
It has the largest quota of millionaires,
the worst crime rate,
and one of the severest poverty rates in any American city.
Yet Dallas could also be described as the most Christian place on this earth.
This is Pat Paulson.
I just want to say that I endorse Bob as my running mate in this year's election,
and this is the hour of slack on station KNON in Dallas, Texas.
You know, I know where that is.
Hello, Bob.
This is Father Guido Sarducci,
formerly Pope Maurice of the People's Catholic Church,
and all of my fellow popes from the People's Catholic Church.
Salute to the Church of the Subgenius.
Carry on.
Well, thanks, Father Guido Sarducci,
but we ain't going to be able to carry on nowhere less than we get some help.
Friends, okay, okay.
It has now become serious.
I will have you paying Tiffany cufflinks.
I'll be...
I'll be...
I'll be seeing you in a minute,
and that you pay up the money,
the money that you have been withholding from Bob.
You have to give unto Bob that which is Bob.
Bob's or Bob.
Money is Bob.
Sex is Bob.
Slack is Bob.
And you, my friend, what you got in your pocket
and behind your pocket, right next to your pocket, up in front.
That is Bob, too.
I want to see some calls coming in.
I was lying earlier.
I'll admit it, I'll admit it, I was lying.
These four mighty reverends are sitting here waiting to take calls,
and nothing's happening.
Dallas is the buckle of the Bible belt.
We're sitting here risking our very lives
trying to unbuckle it
so that their pants may fall down around their ankles
and they may look upon their own private desires
that they would deny otherwise.
And this is the only voice of free speech
and protest and hatefulness
and ranting and slack and bizarreness
in all of Dallas, in all of America, practically.
You know, it's funny.
The Church of the Subgenius does have some historical precedents,
but none of them lasted very long
because they all ran out of money.
They only existed in the first place
because their members were rich and could get away with it.
Folks, but did you know, this is some research we did,
and of course is working on our new book.
According to this book called The Hippies,
by J.H. Plum,
in Cologne, about 1325 A.D.,
the Brethren of the Free Spirit
met in their luxurious secret chapel.
There, a live Christ celebrated Mass.
A naked preacher exhorted the Brethren
to return to primeval innocence,
to strip, to love.
For those who had become one with God,
there could be no sin, no church,
no property.
Love and the ecstatic experience was all.
The Church of the Pope and the kingdoms of princes were evil.
Take from them all that was needed.
Lie to them, for innocence and love were beyond crime
as well as beyond sin.
The celebrants responded to the preacher
and loved hard there and then.
What better place than a church for copulation
that was beyond sin?
Well, you see, the Brethren,
the Brethren of the Free Spirit,
they tried to be early subgeniuses,
surly upgeniuses back in those days.
And we're trying to do the same thing.
If you would just call the station
and help support us here
at 823-7490 in Dallas.
You know, if you don't,
we're just going to have to do this again next week.
Russia's greatest czar, Peter the Great,
was a classic subgenius
who slacked out,
homegrown joke religion,
presaged dogs.
When he was only 18,
the czar and his rowdy pals formed
the all-joking, all-drunken synod
of fools and jesters
as a gigantic satire on the Roman Catholic Church
as well as the Russian Orthodox patriarchy,
which was aligned against all of Peter's reforms
and as an excuse to party like madmen.
The all-drunken synod had a mock prince-pope,
elaborate religious titles,
and their own invented kook Bible.
They practiced a drunken mass
and led scandalous processions through the streets
that vulgarly satirized the orthodoxy.
Does this start sounding familiar to y'all subgeniuses, friends?
Their creed was
that Bacchus be worshipped
with strong and honorable drinking
and receive his just dues.
Their services were riotous displays
of coarse buffoonery,
which offended foreign diplomats
and most Russians.
Now see, friends,
anybody else besides the czar himself
would have had his head launched for all this.
And everything about the drunken synod
was almost identical to the church of the subgenius here
400 years ago,
except that they had to rely on vodka to get high.
And another example,
the ranters in Hampshire in 1649,
William Franklin and his soulmate and bed companion,
Mary Gadberry, praise Mary Gadberry,
found God within themselves,
gave up work,
lived in voluntary poverty,
rejected sin,
and encouraged their little flock of ranters
to revel in obscenity,
promiscuity,
promiscuity,
and drink.
They were not alone.
Little bands of these religious hippies
buzzed like wasp nests
throughout Cromwell's England.
Ah, yes, and praise the ranters
and praise today's modern church of the subgenius
and all ten of you who have pledged so far
who seem to give a hoot
as to what the hell's going on here.
Don't you want to know about the parties?
Don't you people want to keep this,
this show on the air so that you can,
this church sending stuff out?
By the way, I will give an address
where you can write to the church of the subgenius
for free information.
I might as well give that address now.
Post office box 140-306,
Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Once again, that's Bob at post office box 140-306.
Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Uh, uh, uh, uh.
Oh, help me!
What do you do?
What can you do?
There's nothing to be afraid of.
What's happening?
I used to tell myself that.
I used to try and pretend I was dreaming all the pain.
But don't you kid yourself.
Some things happen.
They haven't to be endured.
And that's what makes the pleasure so sweet.
Jesus wept.
Oh, yes, friends, we do have work to do.
And I know that you will in the last ten minutes of this pledge drive.
I know that some of you have just been holding off because you wanted to torture poor old Reverend Stank.
That's okay, I understand.
But now it's time.
It's the last ten minutes, and we have got to destroy the conspiracy in ten minutes.
Now the wolfman too, the momma and the girl were swimming in the pool.
We need silver bullets, we need wooden sticks.
Normal stuff won't stop them cause they live on hate.
Speak some magic words from a virgin's lips.
Baby, that'll shake and make them slip and trip.
There's no turning back, gotta fight the fight.
Yeah, the monster's gonna jam tonight.
Monster Squad.
We're the Monster Squad.
And the forces of evil better run and hide.
Monster Squad.
We're the Monster Squad.
And the forces of evil best beware of the monster squad.
Yeah, this is forces beyond the can of mortal man.
I don't, I don't think, you can't really call up this radio program and say,

I'm gonna try and, try and blasphemy Reverend Ivan Stang.
Is that what you're doing?
Oh no, oh no, I'd never do that.
I like the odds.
I think we can over show Bob.
Well, I don't think you understand how lucky Bob is.
I mean, that's like, you just, you can't imagine what kind of forces would be unleashed even
by the very thought.
In fact, I would hate to be living on your board.



I'd rather be on the rock right now.
Oh yeah.
Like, like tornadoes and stuff like that.
The worst has been known to happen.
More like chemical industrials.
You're talking about overthrowing Bob.
Here's a guy who's been killed twice and he is so lucky he's been brought back both times.
Bob has been shot through the head six times and came back fighting.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.


I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
This is about your friend.
Okay, I'm sorry.
We almost finished.
Are we join roasted do not give a damn let his
time.
Well,
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
And here we go.
Can you believe it?
Wait a minute.
That's awful.
Is there nothing I can do to please you people?
No, I'm sorry.
Too bad.
The Lord is not slack concerning his promise.
As some men count slackness.
But as long suffering to usward.
Not willing that any should perish.
But that all should come to repentance.
Yes, doctor.
Here's that repentance now.
Now wasn't that easy and wasn't that fun?
But listen to us, the fun's only begun.
That's not safe.
All you need is a little more practice.
Very easy.
Interesting.
Very easy.
Try once more.
We understand that.
Sign.
Are you going to help them?
Sign.
Six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, three, four.
Three.
I can't stand it.
The pressure.
We have to talk.
It's up to you, dad.
I can't.
I can't hold them.
Everything that goes on in the church, Lord.
I'm right in the middle.
Well, you know what?
Every time somebody comes by here telling me there's things going on in the church that shouldn't be.
Well, I'm the first one to jump all over our preacher.
I tell him just exactly what I say.
I take an active part in everything.
David Koresh sounded normal, sounded sincere.
You just gotta open your mouth and let Bob do the rest.
You just open your mouth.
He'll grab hold of your tongue like a snake in a pit of hell.
He's trying to put it out of its minter.
He's just let loose.
Let Bob take hold.
Bob, grab that tongue and you'll be spewing for Bob.
You just open your mouth and just let loose.
Just let loose.
Just let loose.
Just let loose.
Just let loose.
Just let loose.
Just let loose.
They were a dirty rotten hunk of stinkin' sinful.
Hunk of stinkin' sinful flesh.
Dirty rotten hunk of stinkin' sin.
Dirty rotten hunk of stinkin' sinful.
Hunk of stinkin' sinful.
Dirty rotten hunk of.
They were red as crimson, now they're white as wool.
Dirty rotten hunk of stinkin' sinful flesh.
Oh, now that's hogwash.
Every person pulled his hair and clawed the ground.
This is a battlefield, sir.
This is no recreation room.
Hey, uh, praise Bob Cutler's and Slack.
Well, you've got, uh, Reverend Stark, uh, Stang.
Stang.
Stang.
Now, this is, this is kind of a sting-stang.
We're restarting the show now because it's 5 a.m.
Oh, you're restarting the show?
Yeah, you kickstarted here on the side.
Show over.
And what a beautiful world it is, too.
Yeah.
Can I ask a special favor?
I need to remember what radio station we're on.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Good evening.

Good evening.


Good evening.
Good evening.
Now, the children, the first rule of the Church of the Subgenius is
the subgenius must have slack!
What must he have?
That's right, children.
He or she must have slack.
That's it! That's the great sin!
That's not it. Well, I know what it was. I know what it was. I know what it was.
The second rule of the Church of the Sub-Sahedin is that they give no to children. And that is
that too much is always better than not enough!
Can I get a too much? What's it always better than?
Thank you, children.
It's not me.
It's not me, Brother Ott!
It is the sin,
the idolatrous sin of presumption.
It's time to stop showing up in church and waiting on
some preacher to go to the mountain and regurgitate a little bit of spiritual pablum to you.
It's time to climb the fiery, scaly mountain peaks
of the pavilions of God and regurgitate a little bit of some new.
The next rule of the Church of the Sub-Sahedin is that they give no to children.
The first rule of the Church of the Sub-Genius is so universally violated,
it is broken so often, so much violated in your face,
especially in this convention, that you can't believe it's a rule at all.
But it is, children.
The third rule of the Church of the Sub-Genius is
if you don't have a sense of humor, don't try to be funny!
Commercial break.
We interrupt this radio for some interference from your VCR.
We're going to have a little bit of a

Close your eyes, but do not believe everything you see!
It's an hour-long program on the
Why? Why not?
What are you doing here?
I'm enjoying myself.
What is a reigning beauty?
A girl who's all wet.
And it's very confusing, and it's about confusion.
It pays to be ignorant.
We can talk about this character thing again.
All my indicators are wrong.
All my indicator lights are green.
Watch what you're doing!
He saw a flying saucer come down.
You know, like on the TV.
Can this be the threshold of inner space?
Uh-oh.
It's getting cloudy in the studio here.
What a big show you have.
So which side do you butter your dogma on?
Oh, well, I don't have any.
You don't? You got a cat mug?
A man that doesn't have a dogma must have a cat mug.
No, I have a dogma. I just don't have butter.
Ah, I see.
Well, one of those low cholesterol type guys, huh?
Went on to the demos, and they were gonna be buttering every garage.
Welcome back to AM Opinions.
Well, we're still waiting on the final count.
It's down to half a vote, I think.
Half a vote lead.
And later, we're going to learn several recipes for a burn show.
How to take a burn show and feed the whole family.
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
Look at this simmering hot cake.
Looks awful.
Cheesy, tasty show.
I want three.
Chewy, chewy.
Let's order up a whole round of show. Okay. Everyone.
Where's that theme music?
Oh, I feel like shopping. How about you, Bishop?
I do, too. Let's go on down.
Let's get the big cart and push on through the show shopping center.
Look at all these souvenirs from the Puzzling Evidence show.

Wow, the Puzzling Evidence cooler.
Look at this. Wow.
It's got a hole in the bottom.
Not Puzzling Evidence sun visor. I want one of these.
All these premiums could be yours if you only call in right now.
848-442-5.
848-442-5.
It's not too late.
430.
Saturday morning.
We would encourage all the listeners out there to just dial random phone numbers
and say that you're calling on behalf of the Puzzling Evidence show,
KBFA, KBFB, and KFC up in Fresno.
That's right.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
St. Stubed will be here in our studio to answer any questions you have.
Here are some more beautiful premiums here from the Puzzling Evidence show.
You yourself could have this full set of Puzzling Evidence pencils.
Over two dozen.
Multi-colored and good for the whole family.
How about this?
Yes.
Here in the food center of the show, we have the Puzzling Evidence Portuguese sausage.
Nine inches feeds the whole family.
Fully cooked.
Hang up.
Hang up your show.
And start again.
Okay, you're on.
Do your recipe. No, your recipe.
Page 41 of the script.
He's broken the record on that one.
Go ahead.
No, not right now.
Wait, wait, wait.
Now.
Breathe.
Go, go, go.
Don't hesitate.
I'm glad I can go on the show.
You're going to get a hernia doing that.
Come on, the show on tour now.
We're in Detroit and we're traipsing through.
Where are you going in Detroit for slack?
We're going to wipe the show.
We do that right at 5 a.m.
And then you can see for another half hour.
We got the show bidet first.
We just strapped the show down.
No heated water at this hour, KPFA.
Not until 6 a.m.
It's only the best for our video.
The show bidet.
Yes, you too can be part of these fabulous premiums.
Available only at your KPFA store.
Yes, you're asked for the Puzzly Evans show catalog.
Yeah.
