I'm trying to make believe I'm you, oh, trying to fix
Just a stranger on the outside looking in
People say that life is fun
But I don't know why
As far as I can tell
Life sucks, life sucks, life sucks
Then we die
Within the last 12 hours, we have received a number of unconfirmed reports from throughout the nation
that may or may not be connected with this strange phenomenon.
Bob?
I'm freaking out of the ranch
Pocket shit on the way
Ray Bob
Ray Bob
Ray Bob
Ray Bob
Ray Bob
Ray Bob
Ray Bob
Ray Bob
Ray Bob
Ray Bob

Ray Bob
Ray Bob

Ray Bob
Ray Bob
Ray Bob
Ray Bob
Ray Bob
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
We will control the vertical.
Welcome potential initiates and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry hour of swag.
Brace for it.
Help me somebody.
The church of the subgenius.
Bring you another 33 minutes of condensed.
Raglan.
Quality audio visual techniques.
Exacerbated and complicated.
The church of the subgenius.
Copyright 1985-86.
Copyright 1985-86.
Oh, Dr. Sprit.
She said, cutting her own legs off in what was to be the foment of a startlingly trend among the so-called punk detail-a-hensia.
It's better to live on your feet than to die on your knees.
Enjoy life like Bob.
Get the head, you satan.
Do not be afraid.
I am not.
I'm not here to harm you.
I know you want to destroy me.
But listen.
Please listen.
I only want to help you.
I've chosen you.
Well, I'm sure that's very flattering, but I must get on with my work now.
They don't love you, Bob.
They don't love you like I do.
They don't love you like I do.
Dear friends, you may call 823-74-7222.
9-0.
For a complete explanation of the Church of the Subgenius in under two minutes.
It's not just the wars and the awards that win them.
It's not just the dull and empty distaste for a smothered culture that expires all around you and pools of its own wastes.
It's not just the terminal folds of Nunu.
It's not just the child zombies that murder their mediocrity parents and then cruise the streets with bullets.
It's not just the bloody feet.
It's not just those starry old vics on the park benches with looks on their faces like those who shuffled out of the boxcars of Belsen and Auschwitz.
It's not just the anesthesiologist for Nini.
It's not just the heaving pink meat masses that grope and clutch all around you.
It's not just the dino bones for Wotan.
It's not just the broken headlights,
snapped antenna and human excrement on your car hood.
It's not just that the old ways were best.
It's not just the bastardization and perversion of every honest means of self-expression.
It's not just the Pinoy snipers locking and loading on every high rise rooftop.
It's not just the widescreen Technicolor corporate daisy chain that has defiled the entire planet.
It's not just Mongo in the Congo with a gun.


It's not just the fa-fa-fas the size of basketballs.
It's not just the prophets crying lonely and alone in the wilderness.
It's not just the indignity of having to work for some bland nun entity son of a b**** who thinks workers are property.
It's not just the blueness of the wound cleansed by evil.
It's not just the battling eco-freaks who want to go back to nature without realizing that nature is an open ditch latrine in midsummer.
It's not just some s***hole with a pipe and a s*** eating I know more than you do dog brin all over his homogenized face.
It's not just the horrible feeling of being entrapped inside a regimented devolving world that you certainly never made.
It's not just the doorway to doom.
It's not just wanting to know what the hell is really going on.
It's not just the missing H's or the stolen alpha-beta-max.
No dear friends.
There is more to it all than that.
Bob ain't no nickel-dime bum-show.
I put it to you.
He's on the square and a corking fine business proposition.
He's the grandest thing yet and don't you forget it.
Shout salvation and fightin' Jesus.
You'll need to rise precious early you sinner there if you want to diddle the almighty Bob.
Not off.
He's got cough mixture with a punch on it for you my friend.
In his back pocket.
Just you try it.
Thanks to
G Gordon Gordon for that one and this is Reverend Cleve Duncan.
Well it once was a man.
It once was a man.
The world's greatest salesman.
A salesman.
And he had devised a plan.
To keep the shackles from my feet.
I am on as he's gone.
A martyr for the cause.
For this my Lord.
And it's coming again.
Who knew that the first shot.
Was gonna be the last shot.
But he's got a hard driving pipe.
The gas smoke all through the night.
And although he may be hurtin'.
The universe.
Will keep on squirtin' Bob this bar low.
And I'm not gonna let.



















And it's coming again.
And it's coming again.
And it's coming again.
And it's coming again.
Oh yes dear friends.
We're gonna build that spirit back up.
And we're gonna build the spurt back up too.
Now you know spurt and spirit sound the same for a reason.
They're both from the same root word dear friends.
And what a root it is.
What a root it is.
I want you to get out there and plant those roots children.
Oh yeah.
Bob is my load.
And he's coming again.
Oh.
Bob is my load.


He can save us from the men in black.
With just a shot from his mighty sack.
If only he could make it back.
From the land of the dead.
But until that happy day.
We can only drink and say.
Bob is my load.
And it's coming again.
I know he can make it.
Without him we can't take it.
We'll lose the pieces of our minds to the big boys and the wimps.
Until the day that he comes back.
It'll be a world without sack Bob is my load.
And it's coming again.
Oh.
Bob is my load.



And it's coming again.

Bob is my load.
Bob is my load.
Bob is my load.

Bob is my load.
Bob is my load.


Bob is my load.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Dear friends, I've got a short sermon to do here.
And this is mostly, this is going to be mostly for those of you who have been regular listeners
of the show and the rest of you probably ought to just go away, go to the bathroom for about
five, ten minutes, then come back for more horrible tape.
Well, I got a letter here, friends.
A letter from Sister Mandy.
And I'm going to read this letter here.
It's pertinent.
She says, I hope the show pulls in what was promised.
It would be a cry in shame if you had to die again.
But then again, what was this, this, this excretive deleted coming out of my radio last
hour of slack?
Actually, she's talking about two hours of slack.
Two weeks ago.
I can't believe you would rag on native Texans because they're not as rowdy as some chowderhead
Yankees.
Now, dear friends, let me intercede here and say that it's not y'all's lack of rowdiness
at all, but the lack of airplane tickets that you would provide to get other subgenius preachers
down here for a show.
But Sister Mandy continues, now, I don't know if you are a real Texan or just a transplant.
I'm sorry.
I know I don't sound like one.
I don't sound like I was raised in North Richland Hills and Fort Worth.
But maybe you like cold winter, she says, in the way they say pepejfam and clam chowder.
Maybe now we women of Texas aren't good enough for old Reverend Ivan Stang anymore.
Is that it, huh?
Well, no comment there, but Texans are Bob's chosen.
It's always been that way, but that's why it's so disappointing that they don't act
like it.
I certainly do.
Mandy continues.
I don't know.
I can't believe that the subgeniuses of Dallas don't have the, let's say, cojones to manage
to put together a butt-kicking, glass-grinding, splendiferous-type devival.
And friends, it's not the cojones that's needed, but the energy and the know-how, the art scam
expertise.
She goes, I'd be willing to give myself in every way possible to help, although I'm a
prisoner of the conspiracy's so-called educational system.
Irving, oh, I think school.
Yeah.
I want to help when I can.
You know, as well as I, that Dallas is capable of it.
So cram this Boston BS and save your evil fluids for Dallas.
But friends, is Dallas capable?
For instance, the most high-buck disco club in Dallas, Mistral, couldn't handle the technical
demands of one extra VHS tape deck, which you operate in your own home.
She goes, yeah, I realize that your rant was meant to inflame, but all it did was, well,
I can't say this, but anger.
I can't say this, but anger.

And friends, I know that's true.
And it's because I delivered it poorly.
She says, I know you can do better than that.
And that's true, when I've had enough sleep.
Do something.
I can't read the something to them that they can't take a joke.
Do more than anger them.
Challenge us.
And friends, some did take it as a challenge, which is how it was meant to be.
She says, Dallas loves stupid.
Look at some of our swinging singles meat lockers.
Have a national devival or something.
Aim for Dallas's cojones and threaten to have them kicked by San Francisco or something.
Make yourself the most hated man in Dallas.
For without hate, there is no love.
And without love, there is no Bob.
Bob equals hate equals love.
Did you say that or was it me?
It was me, Mandy.
I don't remember, but do it, Stang.
I know you can.
Well, you know, when I've had enough sleep and had a little bit of slack, usually, what
did that mean?
The music stopped all of a sudden.
But it's true.
I couldn't agree with you more about that after Boston hour of slack.
Because after Boston hour of slack, I can't remember.
I mean, it's true, but I can't remember.








I remember the night after I'd finally gotten to bed and slept for 13 hours.
I listened to that tape of the show and went, oh, my God, I sound almost drunk.
But keep in mind that stupidity is certainly no sin in this church.
And I was just plain burned out, tired, tired, friends.
And on top of that, I was being facetious.
But I just wasn't being facetious well, so it came off the wrong way.
Now, when you go for four hours of sleep a night, it happens.
You don't get the slack.
But then when I got to Boston, my buddies, Doctors for Bob and I, did get slack.
Although it was partly slack through overwork, which is an unusual form of slack.
But many of us emergentiles have to get slack that way, as opposed to you rewardian types of geniuses, who I envy, by the way.
But number one, you've got to remember that by definition, a subgenius preacher has not only the right, but the obligation, dear friends, to make severe and even tragic mistakes.
Now, look at the rival cults, some of your local Christian denominations, let's say, that preach total goodness and perfection.
They live, friends, in a false, dangerous fantasy world.
And when they show their humanity, as Jim and Tammy Baker did, oh, they're castigated by their people.
They're fired off their jobs.
And they sure look stupid.
They make Christianity look even stupider to the average American, which is okay with me.
But in their smug, self-deluding pride, friends, they set goals that are not only impossible, but actually ridiculously unnecessary.
And when they can't attain those goals, then they just get more fanatical.
And can't admit that they couldn't cut what they set up for themselves.
And their people are so strung out between constant states of false happiness or guilt.
I don't know.
We now know that Jim and Tammy, for all those years, were actually only acting happy.
But living that lie just compounded their misery.
And millions of people do this to themselves, because they think God is as ignorant, intolerant, and insecure
as they are.
But then that's their idea of wisdom and goodness, I guess.
Hiding their real feelings.
Living a lie.
Deliberately short-circuiting their instincts.
Pretending.
That's what they do.
They're pretending, friends.
Now, you can accuse the subgeniuses of pretending.
But, you know, in a way, they pretend much, much worse than we do.
So when I come on the air and sound like a vindictive jerk, remember that at least I'm being honest.
If I'm beat,
If I'm beat,
If I'm worn out,
I don't take speed like Tammy Baker to pretend that I've got superhuman energy.
I act like I feel.
I prove beyond a doubt that I can be just as overextended, overwrought, insensitive, and incoherent as any of you.
And yet, even with all these personality flaws, weaknesses, and staccato speech patterns,
yet I know that Bob gives me an excuse.
He doesn't need to forgive me because I didn't do anything evil.
I screwed up.
And got...
Bob loves me for that.
It's the power to fail, friends.
It's the power that the subgenius popes have and these rival popes can't ever have.
And...
The irony, friends.
The irony.
It's like with the pledge drives.
The Hour of Slack listeners are 50% paid up right now.
Probably more by now.
But yet, now those gospel folks, they pledged and pledged.
They pledged and pledged because they were so full of faith.
And only 10%!
At best!
In some cases, 6% bothered to fulfill the commitment.
Because in Christianity, pretending and promising is good enough.
And that's what faith means, friends.
It means you've decided to be satisfied no matter what.
Because you're going to pretend everything's okay.
Oh, it's God's will.
So therefore, you don't have to do anything about it.
Leave it to God, dear friends.
Grace through faith, not works.
Jesus said,
Be like children.
And you know, Tammy can't go to bed with her husband without taking off...
Without keeping her fake eyelashes, her bat-wing-sized fake eyelashes on.
I read that in the paper today.
That's how you keep your husband.
Wear makeup to bed.
Pretending, friends.
Yeah, they're like children, all right.
But they're like seventh grade children.
Cruel, gossiping liars and bullies that roam in cliques and packs
looking for weak, unsuspecting minority victims.
Oh, they have faith, all right.
Faith in God.
Faith that any nasty thing they do didn't count if God forgave it in their head.
And if you're having the kind of fun they can't experience, then you must...
That must be sin.
Because in their eyes, friends, slack is the ultimate sin.
The devil hates slack, too.
And when you look at the basic beliefs and behavior of a lot of these fundamentalist Christians,
they have a lot in common with the devil, friends.
A whole lot more in common with the devil than Jesus.
Now, subgenius is rationalized, too.
But our rationalization is that,
and it's so absurd that it allows us, the slack,
to remember that it's just a rationalization and there's still work to do.
Praise Bob.
Oh, God.
Here's this Tammy Baker interview.
Yes, she rarely goes to bed without her makeup, swears by her false eyelashes,
and wears different wigs for her husband, Jim.
And that still wasn't good enough, was it?
No, Jessica Hahn, she didn't have to change wigs every night.
Jim very seldom seen me.
I'm a woman without makeup and hardly ever in my life without my eyelashes.
I think every woman ought to wear eyelashes.
Yeah, I think natural-born eyelashes are kind of good, too.
They keep the water out of your eyes.
The sweat, if you're inhuman enough to sweat, unlike Miss Tammy.
Um, oh, God.
Well, I've got more of that rant to go on, but in the meantime, until then.
Oh!

Oh!
Oh!



And let me tell you, friends, it's not just the swelling coffers of the elder bankers.
It's not just the truncated attention spans of the conspiracy glors,
scrambling to get that ever-elusive status symbol.
It's not just the vapid shells of the chicken-like models posing on cue.
It's not just the puppet rock idols playing into the hands of the Hellspawned image consultants.
It's not just the camera.
It's not just the cannibal zombies gorging themselves on self-interest.
It's not just the video pigs wallowing in visual sludge.
It's not just the mellow morons stuck in a time zone from the good old days, mon.
It's not just the aerobic airheads working themselves into a cardiac arrest.
It's not just the talentless pinks hooked into a groove devoid of style-less.
It's not just the fuzzy dice brains rampaging like the Visigoths.
It's not just the misguided gummy-speaks.

It's not just the face-to-face creatures.
It's not just the oppression of the raging slabs of the lame leftists.
It's not just the frothy mouths of the reactionaries.
It's not just the blank food tubes slamming their craniums against the walls of their own creation.
It's not just the empty youth culture borrowing from the ABC computerized format of possible personas.
It's that and a whole lot more.
Thank you, Sister Chris.
We love you.
We love you, too.
And thank you, Cecilia.
Let's join us now, shall we?
Yes, join us at the ankles and hips.
Thank you.
Now we're ready to hop off to our special sky ride.
The Japanese.
Don't you wish you were with us?
Well, send in your money and maybe someday you can.
No, really, we're a fun crowd.
You'd like us to move in next door to you.
To you?
We'd be indistinguishable from the others you might see in your town.
Oh, maybe we'd have a wink in our twinkling eye, a smile or a leer on our lips.
But otherwise, we'd look like everyday Joe Lunchbale.
A good, solid, honest, cream-colored working man.
Ready to move in next to you and send the property value soaring.
How about it, America?
Well, let's try it out, huh?
For a typewritten transcript of this show, you'd have to be out of here.
I feel so stinky.
I feel so stinky.
Disobedient to parents, a subgenius.
Steals, a subgenius.
Lies, a subgenius.
Hater of God, a subgenius.
Whisperer, a subgenius.
Whoremonger, a subgenius.
Envious, a subgenius.
Pride, a subgenius.
A backbiter, a subgenius.
A deceitful person, a subgenius.
A hypocrite, a subgenius.
Unmerciful, a subplenius.
A false accuser, a subbenius.
Come here, you little subgenius.
Well, I guess that about wraps it up.
That's your typical subgenius now.
And, uh...
Brunk, I don't need Dobbs.
There's nothing wrong with me.
I'll make it my way.
Oh, good.
I must have been insane.
What can I say?
I'm lost without Dobbs.
Without Bob, I'm guilty.
Guilty.
Be not deceived.
Dobbs is not mocked, for whosoever a man soeth.
Him also shall he reap.
And...
...who is my shepherd, I shall not want.
That's right, dear friends.
That's right.
Uh, thank you, Reverend Howe.
This is Jester Jackson of the Rainbow Coalition.
It concerns me that the American people have been lied to.
Lied to about the secret war in Central America.
Lied to about U.S. support for racist South Africa.
Our government should be funding cities and housing the homeless,
not supporting fascism and waging illegal wars.
Join me in a march on Saturday, April 25th,
in Washington, D.C., and San Francisco.
Help forge a new direction for justice and peace
in Central America and Southern Africa.
March in a big way and in big numbers on April 25th.
I hate that old conspiracy as much as it hates me.
But me and Bob will get them just here waitin' to see.
For as long as they have run things, they have turned them into...
Bob?
The time has come to get them back.
Here's how I look at it.
That conspiracy is nasty and they take it for their patsies.
But we know that they are just a bunch of queers.
And when we defeat them, we will kill them and we'll eat them.
And then we'll go and get ourselves some beers.
Now Bob has come to fight them.
That's how we know we'll win.
And we know to serve them is our only sin.
We won't have long to wait now.
The end is coming soon.
We'll march happy toward the future,
cause we did what we must do.
Underwater vacations, Bob will rule all the nations.
We'll be farming vegetation out on Mars.
Cause we killed them and we ate them.
Said, boy, we sure did hate them.
And then we made the rounds of all the bars.
Whew.
Thank you, Doug.
Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger.
Great stuff.
So what are you guys going to do at this revival meeting?
You're going to make fun of religion stuff, right?
We never make fun of religion.
Never make fun.
You must understand we're making money off religion,
but not fun off religion.
No.
No.
No fun.
No fun.
We hope to erase the slack area in this part of the country.
And hopefully we'll...
Yes, sir.
I'll help you.
Thank you.
Really, now.
Are you guys in this cult business just for the bucks?
Or do you...
Mr. Wilsey, isn't it a fact, really,
that you've invented this whole thing,
that you've thought up all these little gimmicks,
and you're taking advantage of a lot of ignorant people
by getting money out of them?
People who believe in you and your silly preachings?
No, it isn't, Joe.
I don't have...
The Illuminati will be unmasked.
And the subgenius cult will have a lot to do with that.
Bob is going to see,
see that the whole conspiracy, the Illuminati, the trilaterals, you name it, the guys that
drive up and down the streets selling ice cream, all of that will be exposed.
That's what America needs.
They have their brains washed.
Clean out all that filth and all that garbage and all that fear and all that sickness and
perversion and all that junk that comes from the pit of hell.
...radio announcer and many friends of Rail Land.
It's the old-fashioned healing broadcast coming direct from the auditorium here in Dallas.
Now, this is a special night tonight.
This is oil night.
Would you love to have a heart like God?
Come out and be anointed with this miracle oil that God has let me use for quite a few
years now, and we're giving it out.
Come and join the hundreds of people.
Bring that bottle and get some of this miracle oil that's absolutely raised the dead, has
performed some of the greatest miracles.
You name it.
It's performed every known miracle that it's happening.
But look, it's...
No, Hal, look out!
You clumsy fool!
What have you done?
The show, it's ruined!
Ruined!
Goodbye for all of us here.
This is Puzzle Dan and it's Lovey S. Rex, Reverend Hal and Reverend Irv.
We tried.
It's too late, and we tried.
Goodbye, folks.
I don't know how it works.
The whole thing's ridiculous.
The U.S. Customs Service is waging war on drug smugglers, and you can help.
If you see any unusual activity involving private boats or planes that might be connected
to drug smuggling, call the U.S. Customs Service 24 hours a day, toll free, at 1-800-BE-ALERT.
You can remain anonymous, and you could receive a cash reward if your information leads to
the arrest and prosecution of drug smugglers.
Help stop drug smuggling.
Call 1-800-BE-ALERT.
I can't believe they gave me that cart to play on this show, honest to God.
Well, if you want to get...
If you want to be damned by Bob...
Now, let's talk about another man which has conspired to try to control you.
Do you think that freedom for this great society...
For this great planet...
Is voting?
Say no.
Didn't they get to vote in Haiti?
Say yes.
Didn't they get to vote in the Philippines?
Don't they get to vote in Poland?
Say yes.
Joe, did they get to vote?
You think they'd go over there and pull out their lever when there's only one can of
beans in it?
Say no.
But this joke is what the rest of the world perceives as freedom is.
Consumer goods.
More specifically...
American consumer goods.

And children, we're drowning in consumer goods.
We're drowning in them.
And it doesn't get to me.
But children, when you hear the 501 Blues and your heart sings, when you see Spuds McKenzie,
then high concept is getting inside of you, children.
It's getting inside of you.
Now, I know you're all artists.
You're all hip, you're all aware.
You're a bunch of deconstructing thieves.
I know that, children.
I know you can sit there and watch those ads and you can say, ooh, look at that jump cut.
Whoo!
Look at that computer animation.
Whoo!
Look at that keyboard.
Look at that keyboard.



And you think by deconstructing it, you kept the message from getting into you.
But I'm going to tell you something, children.
I'm right now, I'm here to tell you that we are not that sort.
That's right, children.
We're not that goddamn sort.
We are not able to resist those messages.
They get inside of us.
They work it up.
And before you know it, you're another mind-death-dude.
I'll the conspiracy.
I'm going to give you another example, children.
They say you're the NFL.
Between steroids and weightlifting, football players have gotten so big and so fast that
the human body can no longer sustain the impact they generate.
And the same thing is true by analogy, by the extent of my metaphor.
In the world of advertising, the images they generate are so slick, we can no longer resist.
We cannot retain our will.
We cannot make a specific judgment.
We cannot simply accidentally pass a judgment.
That's right, children.
We're not that goddamn sort.
We are not able to resist thoseенияficent.





They get it side of up, they work it up, and before you know it, you're another mind-death
dude out of a conspiracy.
I'm going to give you another example, children.
They say in the NFL, between steroids and weightlifting, football players have gotten
so big and so fast that the human body can no longer sustain the impact they generate.
And the same thing is true by analysis, by extension by metaphor.
In the world of advertising, the images they generate are so slick, we can no longer resist.
We cannot retain our will.
We cannot make a specific judgment.
We cannot simply ask the other to do it.
Oh, boy, I have to cut in here.
Oh, that was Pope David Meyer two weeks ago in Boston, Massachusetts.
Pretty soon I ought to have a better recording of all the rants from there.
Jayner was there, a whole bunch of good stuff.
Anyway, I had to cut in because the Willis-Mogg story,
and all the Dobbs just got a call from someone who said that they had called the cult awareness group.
There's a group here in Dallas called Cult Awareness,
and had called them up just to see what they would say about the Church of the Subgenius.
And the funny thing is that when they first opened, I called them up and said,
yeah, I'm kind of concerned about these insane cults myself,
and I thought I'd send you some of our material so you could, you know,
you can refer people to us.
And they, apparently, they didn't like the material I sent.
I'd never heard from them since then, but they're now telling people,
whatever you do, stay away from those guys.
That subgenius guy, man, that's the worst, I guess.
And especially what, keep your kids away from them?
Especially keep your kids away from the Church of the Subgenius
because of the sexually explicit material.
Now, see, y'all that only listen to the radio show,
you don't know what, you don't know what you're missing.
Listen, whoo!
And who don't order the tapes.
But I can't advertise that stuff, and all you can really do is write for information
from P.O. Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas, 75214,
for more information about Church of the Subgenius.
And for that sexually explicit material, which you don't get for free, by the way.
Not like, I mean, you get this radio show for free and get our information for free,
and it's not very sexually explicit.
But like I say, you, those of you who've been putting off writing to P.O. Box 140306 in Dallas, 75214,
fine, I don't care.
I honestly, I really don't.
I always end up getting the last laugh, dear friends.
I have total confidence that that will continue to be true.
So, you know, I can't tell you what the deal is with the money, but...
Gotta get some money!
That dirty, perky, sharkaback, black, and rotten, filibuster-burton, perkaluma...
Only we know what we don't know.
And when we do know it, we shall find out later just exactly what it was that we didn't know.
But, in the meantime, we shall experiment further,
and delve into the deeper recesses of the human mind
to find out exactly what causes this device not to function properly,
could it be a malfunction of the foot gland, or the nose gland?
Yes, possibly you did not know that the nose and the feet are true glands of the human body.
And only after permanent foot and nose glanscaping
can you know how to make your feet smell and your nose run,
which would mean, possibly, that you were backwards.
Or, built upside down.
But, you'll delve very into that at the end of the broadcast,
when you and I cannot hear each other.
That was Dr. Philo Drummond, dear friends.
And we can get into this too, this psychoneurotic mastosurgery,
the techniques of which has been developed by the many great doctors
who have come over to Dobbs and from many of the other religious countries,
from the cults around the world,
and it's, we've got Europeans and Lithuanians and ice doctors and the big doctors,
and the doctors of the trees, and the tree-walking brain socket doctors,
and here, hyperclites, here it is,
Doctors for Bob.
Doctors for Bob and everything real in my life.
Doctors for Bob and everything real in my life.
Oh, real in my life.
Damn pickup truck come out blue, done run over my wife.
He's got the blues, cause they run over his wife.
Some of you are going to get mad at me.
Some of you are going to get mad at me.
Jesus ain't in the church.
Don't turn the radio off, keep it on.
And I wouldn't infer that our secondary state is antichrist,
but I'm telling you that preparations are being made,
and that the very door of the day of the wrath of God is at hand,
and that if you plan to get saved, you'd better do it now.
There will be a day not in the too far distant future
in which antichrist will be revealed,
and the mark of the beast will be introduced,
and people will have a number in their hand and in their forehead.
They'll be given a computerized number, if you please,
that will entitle them to do business in this world,
and without it, you can starve.
We have a lot to do.
We have a lot to do in a very short time.
Boy, you aren't kidding.
And that's the way I've felt for quite a while.
Get ready to ease out of orbit.
Ah, you bet, honey.
That's what we're going to try to do.
I have never flown a city before.
Well, many of you in this stadium have been deceived.
I think they'll pass the $10 bridge when they come back.
The original concept was that throughout history,
all great geniuses had somebody at their side
that was kind of steering them.
You know what I mean?
So you say that person is a subgenius.
That was the subgenius.
He was the guy that was really...
He was making sure the genius was used to his proper potential.
Right.
And for the right reasons.
That's why the name is misleading, you know.
Now, I want you to hear a little of the service
where the Holy Spirit was using me with the gift of discernment.
I was ministering in the Spirit.
God was showing me things about people I didn't know,
had never seen before, but the Lord was talking to me.
God was talking and I was walking.
Listen to a little of this right now.
And you have come to the end of your rope.
I don't know which way to turn.
Give me money!
It's starting to affect your nerves.
Give me money!
I'm having a sleepless night.
It's affecting my mind. I want to kill my love.
Today we're going to put this in the hand of God.
Kill my husband, my kids.
In the Bible in two different places,
a handful of meal brought a miracle.
I want you to hold that envelope open.
That's right. Please save my life.
I'm going to give you a handful.
Save my life!
I'm going to pour it in this envelope.
Ha ha!
Now.
The future of your usefulness to us
brought to you in living simulbursts
from the depths of the third,
fifth temple lodge of the Church of the Subgenius.
1984 version.
Send soon for a list of those deities
certified approved.
PO Box 1403-06, Dallas, Texas.
...approved to...
...Mexico's...
...Seven Five Two One Four.

...are available now
on supplementary forms
through our offices in Dallas.
You may now place the money in the envelope.
Slag.
Slag.
Slag.
Slag.

Slag.








...aku...
In some ways the brain is
less important to a subgenius
than to a pink.
Being less intuitive,
pinks need more brains than we do.
Their value system is based on...
... showed by mic click
...the way they need to be giving...
may sound, the subgenius foot doubles as a gland, and a very complex gland at that.
Don't you want to be treated the way you need to be treated?
It treats you the way you need to be treated by intuiting the world around you so subtly
that you rarely notice its machinations.
It was discovered by Dr. Philo Drummond, and he best explained its functioning in this
excerpt from his daily radio show, On the Road, so named because it is usually recorded
in a car.
Why?
Or money.
Self-worth.
Or money.
To love people because they need it.
Or their money.
I believe it's something God puts in us.
Or what else does God put in us?
I wish he'd give us some money, huh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I want some money.
Oh, we could truly know nothing only.
Reinforcing the powers of the brain and foot gland is a small secondary brain at the base
of the brain.
The subgenius spine, the mighty stegosaurus, also possessed this organ, which made it tweet
like a bird.
It helped it direct the reproductive and eliminative systems that are so important to us.
Another gland unknown to normals is the peen gland in the brain, which regulates the eight
separate stages or character generations through which the subgenius personality evolves during
an average day.
Literally eight different personalities each have control at the Jesse Helm of behavior
at varying intervals.
We each contain eight people in our corrugated, rugated subconsciousness.
The actual average human has but four, good, bad, bland, and asleep, the last thought by
some scholars to overpower the others for up to 18 hours a day.
These different personalities account for the compartmentalization of the subgenius
brain into eight distinct units or efficiencies in the descending order of control.
First, the left brain, the peen brain, which controls paranoia, anal compulsion, and the


overwork, trying too hard, or thinking too much.
Then the north brain, the make brain or take brain, it handles jobs and money.
The south brain, the fake brain or talk brain, which covers the gray and limbic areas of
speech, writing, and lying.
Then the hind brain, the me brain, the pivotal center brain, the private you rides piggyback
on the lord and is infected by drugs or religion.
Bob comes in on this channel.
Then the forebrain, the sane brain, which covers love, friendship, traditional family values,
and the mind.
Called by some, the tame brain.
The inner brain, or sex brain, is self-explanatory.
Finally, the right brain, or lame brain, or more brain, depending on your orientation,
intuitive, art, music, drug addiction.
And the eighth brain, the outer brain, is a pseudo-physical shell, encasing not only
the other brains, but the entire body.
This diffuse brain, larger but far smaller.
The second brain, the most
controlled, is the mental life.
The mental life represents fully half of our brain power.
But because it is so independent from us, we can rarely make use of it.
Occasionally, a subgenius comes along whose mental life is incorporated into his thinking processes.
Such less subgeniuses were Da Vinci, Einstein, and Curly Howard.
For most of us, however, the mental life is a separate life.
The midst of us is the patient, luzer.

entity, a semi-conscious Ghost Twin.
Which mindlessly follows the physical vessel about.
But remains dormant throughout most of our lives.
BMC
The lastSu 맡ed the GLOBE test in this open roomoff the whole night.
Once again, a state of radio errors remind us that reality is an scripture to imagine.
Every one's a Bolivian here
And there's almost nothing to fear
Cause we got everything we want right here
We got great big heaping buckets of Bolivian here
Cause my mom's always brought us here
Yeah, we're singing a praise to God
Cause he's done a mighty fine job
Cause I'm slopped up and silly
Like a rip-headed slob
And all I got to thank is Bob
And Ivan Stagg
And all I got to thank is Bob
And Dr. Doo
And all I got to thank is Bob
And everybody

And everybody
You can trust me
I'm Dr. Ivan Stagg
And I'm prepared to take your money
And give you back your slide
So you can believe in me
I'm Ivan Stagg, I never lie
And I'm always right
It extends throughout the universe
And has to do with the
University
It has to do with glass
It has to do with
It has to do with
It has to do with
It has to do with Gilligan's island
It has to do with Gary Eglin
It has to do with the Tim and Luck plane
Oh yes, yes, yes, dear friends
Well, we're coming down
Getting, getting sort of close to the end of the hour there
and I'm going to continue talking about the aspects of preachers going crazy on the radio,
specifically here on the Hour of Slack a couple of weeks ago.
Now, you have to understand, friends, that being a jerk,
that's my outlet for artistic, I mean religious expression.
After all, most preachers utilize the techniques of presumptuousness,
orneriness, corniness, and a sort of posed intolerance.
And I also use stupidity and especially cantankerousness.
I can't really, you know, I can't relax unless I'm being cantankerous
and inflicting my personal bile and spleen on others.
It's hate, dear friends, and you wouldn't interfere with my right to hate to do my own thing, now would you?
This is a free country.
Besides, how can you, since I'm the one that's transmitting,
and you're only receiving?
Only receiving, friends.
Does that insult you, like last time?
Well, good!
That shows that I'm succeeding in doing Bob's assignment
of getting you to stop letting the conspiracy,
or even subgenius preachers, push you around.
This obscure church would be the next Inquisition,
where I'm not constantly training you through applied obnoxiousness
to be in a continuous state of not merely defensiveness,
but outright rebellion.
And if you let me get any more abusive, I'll have to kill you,
because you'll deserve it.
It's like, I'm like an anti-role model.
That's what most subgeni-
All subgeniuses should be anti-role models.
Besides, how dare you criticize the judgments meted out by King Stang?
You mock my total disregard for the broadcast niceties.
Oh, but have you thought about your soul?
Have you even got a girlfriend yet?
Huh?
Oh, my jibes have but barely begun.
I could rant a paragraph to you that would have every one of you listeners
jumping off a high bridge to escape the mocking truth wielded by my tongue.
Or Jane-ers.
Now, I didn't start out this way, nay.
I was a gentle man at one time.
But I've undergone teasings by the blackest minds of our generation.
If I can take it from the likes of Lies and G. Gordon Gordon,
then you'd best urinate in fear.
I thought of what I could dish out to you on the radio,
to the innocent and guilty alike.
For, as my mentor, Dr. Drummond, told me,
none are so blind as those who have no eyes.
He who dares to mock King Stang and rouse him from his torpid reveries and clairvoyant visions
hath played out but the first move in a galactic game
on which hinges the very fate of this physical universe itself.
Congratulations, dear friend.
You've now entered kindergarten in the School of Terror.
Oh, don't worry, it won't kill you.
Indeed, it'll actually help you to keep your intelligence from decreasing at the same pace as your peers.
But, uh, but at what cost, dear listener?
At what cost?
At what cost?
Oh, I'm well aware of all your plans to assassinate me.
Ha! Oh, surprise you, nay.
Yes, I can see far, far more than you think.
More than you could ever imagine in your right eye.
In your wildest LSD dreams.
Fine, go ahead, kill me, you would-be Judases and Luthors.
Make your blindingly imbecilic move,
your mere hume attempt to wrest controls from the claws of this Stang demon you hallucinate.
Death would be but a step up in my ascension to ultimate power.
Next to Bob, of course.
And have you not guessed that certain contingency plans have been laid?
Thinketh you not of the children of the Stang?
Oh, I've read my Frank Herbert closely.
The Atreides conspiracy is but a high school prank compared to the all-reaching arms of the Stang octopus.
Oh, your science fiction has ill-prepared you for the next generation of the Stang Ones.
What to your undiscerning ears is but a lively boy of seven and a sweet little girl of six have undergone since birth certain forbidden training regimens,
which will render all your weapons, all your propaganda, and all your mental hexes impotent, utterly impotent.
Kill Stang One, and the Emperor Xandar is unchained,
and at that point you can kiss your world, your human society, your innocent subgenius church goodbye forever.
Or perhaps, if by some accident of God, the Emperor Xandar were eliminated,
oh, then you would face the Tev One.
And do you think they're my only offspring?
Have you fools never watched a Star Wars movie?
Just as Darth Vader's son Luke was kept from knowing of his own sister's existence,
do you think that, that, um, I, the Darth Vader of Dallas, have shown all my cards?
Oh, no indeed, dear friends, no indeedy, I say.
But you'll see.
Well, stay tuned for, uh, Ron Lindsey.
You've been listening to King Stang.
Ultimate stud groupie attractor and mystic psychic power monger.
The very left brain of Dobbs.
The chosen bringer, dear friends, of terror and lawsuits.
Owner of the trademark of God on Earth.
Slayer of would-be scribe ship usurpers.
Subjector of all bobbies.
Decider of degrees of fame of subgenius mortals.
Second chosen of the fishers of wallets.
Biggest, organed, and sexiest voiced entrapper of radio groupies.
Subduer of hecklers.
But splitter of moons.
Exploiter of comedic idiot savants.
Master of the sardonic over the cute.
Violator of postal...
Oh, forget it.
Anyway, okay, okay, don't rush me.
Stop, stop, stop.
Sister Chris asked me to come down here for an experiment.
She asked me to listen to the Church of the Subgenius cassette and, and, I don't know, she said something like she wanted a normal reaction.
Well, that didn't sound normal to me.
At least it all sounded like a church.
I mean, aren't churches supposed to be quiet and not really boring?
I mean, I could hardly understand what went on there.
I mean, was it, was it meant to be funny or what?
I mean, come on, tell me, is it serious?
Like, you know, do you have to...
Are they telling you to stop listening to Top 40, give up things like watching Dynasty or eating Haagen-Dazs or maybe shopping at home from an Esprit catalog?
What? Huh?
What are you trying to say?
What is this note?
Listen, stupid, stop babbling or I'll ship you to Dallas.
You're going to Dallas with a sign saying, you, you asked grade A conspiracy dupe across your forehead.
Hey, I don't know what that means, but, but I don't like your attitude, okay?
I mean, like, just, you, you asked me to come here and I mean, why did you even ask me, what?
Just, just sit over there, okay?
You try an experiment down here and it just doesn't work.
Yeah.
You try to bring an opposing viewpoint, somewhat of a rebuttal and you never can tell.
This is Sister Chris here.
It's 1233.
It's not 1233.
It's two minutes till midnight, four minutes till something like that.
And this is KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
And you cannot leave either.
Now we're here.
The Dursley Film presents Ben Franklin, Hero for Hopping.
I wanted the woods and the Indians to sleep with me,
but I was afraid of the cold and made them sleep outside.
So I never felt the touch of a warm naked Indian,
or,
or in a cold naked forest.
Ben Franklin, the only President of the United States,
who was never President of the United States.
Was he an early drug user?
Let's see.
He wrote of it in Poor Dick's Conspiracy in 1761,
while still an apprentice book baker in colonial Philadelphia.
So I betook me to the Hashfire Inn for a secret caucus of the hotheads,
rebellious libertines all lusting for life and liberty.
The real George Washington brought the hemp and all the even greaters.
We quickly proceeded to get there on urges,
and young Tom Everson goodly stretched by the hemp,
which smoked us all like Boston's scrub.
What a fetid fervor of freedom.
I say, let's have a revolution.
But finally Sam, the tax collector,
to which Big Ben replied,
Fine Sam, then we can invite over a bunch of immigrants and make cars.
Yes, 1761,
Hemp kindled the fires of American history.
Hup, hup,
Nerdy clockwork films.
Old target look, old target history.
Old target look.
Old target history.
Oh, yes dear friends, you have been listening to the Hour of Slack radio ministry
produced by the Church of the Subgenius.
As I said, this is KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
Stay tuned for Down Memory Lane with Ron Lindsey.
And this is your host, King, Pope, Killer, Reverend Ivan Stang,
Arbiter of Hipness,
Down-putter of talk show hosts in My Mighty Glibness,
Son of the King of Bullshatterers,
He who hath been copied by David Byrne and Garrison Keeler,
Payer of royalty checks to type running buddies,
Contract signer of all paying subgenius projects,
President of the corporation of all Dobbs PR,
48% owner of the Janer tongue,
First interpreter of the dogma,
Enrager of pinks and lesser subgenius,
Living embodiment of hate, Slack under Dobbs,
Keeper of the original Dobbs image,
Carrot dangler of long-promised magazines,
And returner of compliments,
You faithless.
RPोT ПОДАЛ extent
UN accusing



Oh yes, dear friends, this is Li Weijing, a Chinese subgenius, and you are listening
to the Hour of Slack.
Remember, Bob is a comrade of all people.
He is a champion, just like in America.
And people need Slack.
In Chinese, we call Slack, it must be true Slack, not the best Slack of the conspiracy.
Boy, will you look at that guy's swag.
Help me somebody.
Thank you, Li Weijing.
Yes, my friends, we have the great Ivan Stang here tonight.
Ivan Stang himself, the grand auditor and chief inquisitor of the subgenius faith, who
has everything.
Every subgenius's name on his special basement computer, and he's here tonight to make the
hour and a half of Slack seem like, well, like forever.
Ah, yes, dear friends, so good to be here.
Say it, Ivan, say it.
Feeling the power.
Hit it.
In this hideous, hideous place.
Bob lives, friends.
Bob lives.
Don't let him tell you otherwise.
He ain't dead.
Oh, what is this?
I should know.
I'm the guy that has to read sooner.
Later, all the mail that comes to that P.O.
box that you probably thought was just made up.
The opinions expressed by Ivan Stang do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the staff
and management of this radio station, the other staff, the relations and spouses of
the staff and management, or the staff of this staff and the staff.
That's really true, Al, but he doesn't know that it's all over the place these days.
He's dragged out of the Victoria Theater with these eyes.
These.
Deadlights looked on Bob and the light was drifting from them forever.
There's saint of sailed corpses dotting the landscape all the way from Little Rock to Berkeley here.
I don't know what the big deal is.
I mean, just because there's a Dobbs corpse there doesn't necessarily.
I mean, can Bob really die?
I'd say yes, Ivan, and I think you better grow up and face the sick truth that this Bob here is a dead man.
Not necessarily everything that you say he is.
Putrescent back.
