Oh, testosterone, oh, testosterone, and we make it all happen with testosterone.
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry, our of slack, sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Ahimsa, and ahimsa, dear friends.
Okay, I guess the show is now on the road, and friends, I'm going to have to whip through this one so fast,
I may very well just rant the whole hour, just because it's faster that way,
and because, well, frankly, we have a lot to say.
And a long-winded way to say it, too, you better believe it.
Friends, you know, because I've been in an internet rehabilitating frenzy
for the last couple of years, and I've been in a lot of trouble,

and I guess it shows, because people have been telling me,
Reverend Stang, relax, man, take it easy.
Just take your time, dude, frop up, and just flow with each task.
And, you know, they always say it so sagely,
like they were talking to a child or a scrambled-brained maniac
who can't see the forest for the trees or something like that.
Relax, relax, they say, oh, yeah, relax.
Well, I'll tell you what, my friend.
I've been there.
Done that.
In fact, I've spent years slacking off according to normal subgenius standards.
And it makes me sick to think of it.
I've done that relaxed thing thousands of times, and it was always the same.
The same old thing, and you can have it.
Now, my slack happens to be, you know,
obviously derived from frenzied, full-on concentrated activity.
I can't stand not to be doing something all the time and doing it fast.
And so, you know, well, things get done half-assedly that way,
but at least they get done.
You know, I'm the kind of person, if I'm forced to sit and wait,
I'll just fidget at double speed and read every bottle label inside or something.
I don't know.


Dobbs knows I'm forced to undergo involuntary slack constantly,
having to endure mundane, boring things like eating and bathing
and communicating with loved ones and, worst of all, sleeping.
I hate those little snatches of death, okay?
So if I sound like an impatient son of a bitch, it's because I am.
And I have a damn good reason for it, friends.
I'm dying.
Yes, I've been told that I have a limited time left.
Possibly as little as 40 years.
40 years.
40 years is nothing.
Nothing. Been there, done that.
Sure, I could spend the rest of that time just sitting on my butt,
watching TV with drugs in my hand,
or maybe even reading or jogging around the lake.
But nay-nay!
But because I could die any second.
A car wreck or a meteor.
And when my time comes, I ain't going to be saying to myself,
oh, yeah, darn it, I was going to do that thing, but I put it off.
Oh, man, did I screw up.
No, sir, ma'am. No, sir, ma'am.
Old Reverend Stang will not be laying there hooked up to a machine thinking,
oh, how the hell did I let myself serve the pink?
I'm going to be a slave for 75% of my life and sleep the rest of the time.
Don't I get a chance to do it over again?
And write all those books and make those movies and climb Mount Everest
and be a rock star and make love with all those sex objects?
No?
But that's not fair.
Well, I've got some nasty news for you, my friend.
You're dying too.
Have been since you were born, Earth boy.
You ain't got much time left.
So, you know, sure, while you're young, slack off the easy way.
That's a necessary part of the constant activity of true slack.
But that is merely the launching pad.
It's only the beginning.
You know, I'm not saying that.
Everybody has to be a driven, mean bastard like me,
having to eat constantly because it's instantly burned off by the fidgeting, if nothing else.
Not everybody had the kind of childhood or nervous system mutations as me.
And many are the subgeniuses whose true calling is probably, in fact,
to just sit and soak up and voila.
But!
By the same token,
STOP TELLING ME TO RELAX!
I was born wired and nothing makes me happier than I was the other day, totally hooked in.
Juggling the interrelationships of hundreds of separate links in my head,
jumping between WebWeaver, Netscape, and Fetch minute by minute,
organizing, writing, tweaking, checking, uploading, checking, adding to, uploading, reuploading,
switching into graphic converter to decrease the load time of a piece of art,
reuploading, stopping only long enough to flash eat more coffee and pee, which takes too long.
At one with the machines.
Becoming, becoming the website.
And ripping myself away only at the very last minute to preach or return the lawyers' calls.
Now, many people live this way at their conspiracy day job at the agency.
And these same people are telling me to relax?
Get thee behind me!
Get thee behind me!







Get thee behind me!


Wait a minute, Bo, y'know, maybe, uh, maybe I'm forgetting something.
Maybe I'm forgetting old Ex-Day!
In less than 2 years, this'll all be totally moot!
In less than 2 years, I won't have a limited life span, I won't be dyin'.
I dunno, maybe you lazy punks are right after all.
No, no, no, no, no, sir.
No, sir, because that car wreck or that meteor with my name on it
could be on its way right this second.
So I'll tell you what.
Let's make a deal, friends.
After July 5th, 1998, then you know-it-alls can sit on your high horses
and tell me to relax.
In the meantime, saying relax, Stan,
that is like driving a hickory steak into my heart,
chopping off my head and stuffing my mouth with garlic.
Kriega! Bundalo! Ahemsa!
Praise damn God Bob and let all that stands in his path be mown down.
Gotta cut my own head off.
Cut my own head off.
Carry it around on the end of a sharp steak.
Gotta cut my own head off.
Cut my own head off.
Just don't care what kind of trouble I make.
Gonna cut my own head off.
Cut my own head off.
Gonna turn up one morning with no head on my shoulders.
Gonna cut my own head off.
Cut my own head off.
Guess I just don't care who it bothers.
Guess I just don't care who it bothers.
Who it bothers.
Walked into the barber shop, asked him to lop it off clean.
Told him to get the mirror so I could show him what I mean.
Barber, he freaked out. Said he wouldn't do it.
Gotta cut my own head off. Hand me that machete and I'll prove it.
Gotta cut my own head off.
Cut my own head off.
Have some kid take it into science class.
Science class. Science class.
Gotta cut my own head off.
Cut my own head off.
Just wanna hear what questions the teacher asks.
Teacher asks.
Gotta cut my own head off.
Cut my own head off.
Hope I don't get in too much trouble.
Too much trouble.
Gotta cut my own head off.
Cut my own head off.
Don't wanna get yelled at for getting blood all over.
Blood all over.
Blood all over.
Blood all over.
Blood all over.
Blood all over.
Blood all over.
Blood all over.
Blood all over.
Blood all over on.
Blood all over.
Blood all over.
Blood all over on.
head off. Put in a box full of crushed ice. Full of crushed ice. Gotta cut my own head off. Cut my own head off.
Chill it down so it keeps real nice. Keeps real nice. Gotta cut my own head off. Cut my own head off.
Gonna give it up for scientific research. So they can transplant it on someone else's body
and study what it's like to be a jerk. Gonna cut my own head off. Might just slip while I am shaving.
Gonna cut my own head off. Just to punish myself for misbehaving. Gonna cut my own head off.
Cut my own head off. And leave it lying there on the floor. On the floor.
Gonna cut my own head off. Cut my own head off. Where I'm goin I won't need it anymore. Needed anymore.
Gonna cut my own head off. Cut my own head off. Duygusal music playsudown
Gonna cut my own head off. Cut my own head off.
Gonna cut my own head off. Desktop music playsudown
Uh, yes, dear friends I have tried.
Hims.
Look at that poor old head just rolling there on the floor.
That's the head of John Bartles from this special Halloweeny tape he sent us called Halloweeny.
The evil, evil John Bartles.
Boy, he sent a really sick tape here the other day and we lost it.
I think Jesus lost it.
And oh, Jesus, hell, he ain't even around this weekend.
He's out gallivanting with his girlfriend, DeMonica.
They went to Alamogordo, New Mexico, so they could go visit the Trinity bomb test site
and hopefully pick up some fissionable materials.
We downloaded that famous how to build an atomic bomb with household objects from the Internet.
And so, heck, why not give it a try?
I think everybody should.
In fact, we put that how to build an atom bomb on our website.
Along with the Unabomber manifesto.
And you know, if we put some child pornography on there, it would be the conspiracy's perfect concept of a website.
And friends, we're now going to this show.
I think we're going to talk about conspiracies and not just the conspiracy of the normal people,
the conspiracy that you and I have to deal with all the time,
but the other more identifiable conspiracies,
the ones that you and I have to deal with all the time.
Of course, there's a lot of conspiracy nuts out there.
You know, people that actually think that the government's not your friend.
Well, actually, we'll get into that.
But a dear friend out in the listening audience, let's see, it was Reverend Eric Hamill in Philadelphia.
Praise Philadelphia.
Praise Philadelphia.
He sent us this kook flyer, which is rather reminiscent of the famous Francis E. Deck kook flyer.
Very similar.
In fact, this one's printed a little bit better.
Apparently, for the first two paragraphs, this crackpot had access to at least a laser printer.
Anyway, this flyer, which apparently is being handed out on the streets in the towns of our free nation,
is a very typical representation.
I'm just going to read you some excerpts from this one,
because in some ways it's very typical of a kook, a conspiracy nut.
You know, one of those crazy people.
USA human rights violations continue.
Innocent citizen Norman Rabin, or Rabin, I'll say Rabin,
is still being illegally held a satellite hostage of multiple satellites monitoring him.


That's going to be anилоle
So, this is nudist functionality in retriefer materials that enables information bokract to fall into paper nature.

But, if this guy got caught something wrong, it was normal to follow.
Now, if this guy does that, do you know what these diagnostics for monitors and soldiers is?
Now, further down here it says that Mr. Rabin, who I'm sure typed all this up,
Mr. Rabin has been targeted day and night, seven days a week, by tracking, thought monitoring,
including but not limited to monitoring of his thought verbalizations, full body monitoring,
uh-oh, biofrequency voice assault, debilitation, biofrequency assaults at his body,
such as torments, tortures, and harassments, since February, May 1992,
and mind control, i.e. thought-inhibiting assault, and during sleep, artificial dreams,
having visual contents and sound contents, including voice contents, since late December 1990.
From January 5-6, February 2, 1986, CIA satellite operations covertly assaulted Mr. Rabin
with a, quote, satellite-caused mania, unquote,
until Mr. Rabin was hospitalized for the first time in his life,
at 1 a.m. February 2, 1986, diagnosis, mania.
During January-February 21, 1986, the USA offered to the USSR to make Norman Rabin a, quote,
designated prisoner, unquote, or similar, in exchange for the early release of then-imprisoned
prominent Soviet Jewish dissident Anatoly B. Sharansky, a mathematician by training.
Aha!
Satellites assaulted Mr. Rabin during two attempted withdrawals from Massacre,
and the U.S. intelligence, in late December 1989, and February 1990,
Mr. Rabin successfully withdrew from psychiatric medications.
However, U.S. intelligence targeted Mr. Rabin with various tracking and assault.
During 5-28-90, a Baghdad summit of grave threat to their, oh, some, but not all, Arab leaders
condemned Soviet Jewish immigration to Israel as a grave threat to their security.
In July 1990, U.S. intelligence,
informed Iraq that Norman Rabin was their symbol of Soviet Jewry and their symbol of human rights abuse,
and that Norman would be flying to Israel August 1 to 1990.
Iraq invaded Kuwait on the U.S. given date of August 2, 1990.
Up to August 15, 1990, Mr. Rabin did not realize that U.S. intelligence had targeted his life.
However, that morning, biofrequency voice transmissions,
clearly understandable as such, were transmitted to Mr. Rabin's unequipmented head.
By October 17, 1990, Mr. Rabin understood that he was a victim of U.S. intelligence since 1986,
a result of his having read the founding Ph.D. dissertation of OCG technology.
When this crime began, Norman Rabin was 25 years old and less than two years,
35 years old now, and died more than a year younger than his 80-year-old working years of employment due to the Field 건데 rating.
Four of his variants had been κά mới pyramidник by the 1799 сво Billy Bill до uprising��대와
gro pierwszy 디테일 인스 Frankenstein YOU WILL BE CALCULATED TO THE
Arthurlight Academy Department.
This is своим included statement that he sans diğer exist舉 Bachem
near his own age during his 20s, to have started a family during his 20s, to have developed his
graduate education starting during his 20s, and to have lived in liberty during all these years.
In summary, this is a maliciously evil human rights violation. Again, our U.S. government
is maliciously holding a total of 30 or 40 or probably more acknowledged as innocent citizens
as satellite prisoners. Please help petition our government to stop this crime. Well, I don't know
that we can help Mr. Rabin because Mr. Rabin sounds like he's crazy. I mean, satellite monitoring of
your thoughts and satellites, making him act like a crazy person to be locked up? I mean, that's just
crazy!
Isn't it? And in his case, it probably is. But you know, friends, worse things actually do happen.
Worse things really do happen all the time. And we tend to forget, I mean, we subgeniuses like to
research into conspiracies, cover-ups, and crimes because sometimes that path leads you to something
hilarious and scary.
And sometimes it leads you back into stuff that most of the time you'd rather forget. And I've been reading a book lately called
Conspiracies, Cover-Ups, and Crimes, published by our friends at Illuminet Press. This is a book by Jonathan Vanken,
who has a couple of other good conspiracy books out. He said some naughty things about the Church of the Subgenius,
at one time. But we forgive him because we like his attitude in these books. Because it's an attitude of healthy skepticism battered to shreds by the true and simple facts that a fascist shadow government really does, if not control the world, at least is pulling enough strings in the United States that it's ripping the bowels off of the people.
BecauseCompletely, we do have to remove the bowels of our nation. What this is conscious, Straظny Recently, I've written a book a bit two so this how talks, 1962
people around the world it never говорg, lately




Today
I'm to
know, the conspiracy of the old rich fat white boys. And we do tend to forget. Now, I'm going
to read from this book, Conspiracies, Cover-Ups, and Crimes. I'm doing excerpts just as I excerpted
from Mr. Rabin. I'm leaving out a lot of the facts and I'm just going for the rant. Because
either you already know what I'm talking about and just need a little pep talk every now
and then, which I certainly did, that's the way this book functioned for me. Or you're
going to think this is all silly and crazy and Mr. Clinton or Mr. Dole or Mr. Perot or
Mr. Somebody or Ms. Big Sister or somebody's going to save you. The very plausibility of
assassination conspiracies is what makes them so hard to swallow. The more real our fears,
the greater our psychological defenses.
Assassination theories are terrifying because they could be true. As difficult as it would
be to maintain a massive conspiracy to rule the world, a limited conspiracy against one
person is easy to assemble. Yet, eliminating one person can be a most powerful means of
controlling a whole society of people. If President John F. Kennedy was killed by a
conspiracy, that doesn't necessarily mean that there's a permanent global conspiracy.
But, killing Kennedy was a good step toward ruling America, which rules a large part of
the world. Even a larger conspiracy involving criminals and intelligence agents doesn't
mean that there is an all-consuming Illuminati conspiracy. It doesn't mean there isn't one
either. Researchers such as May Brussel and Dave Emery placed the CIA mafia brotherhood
into a sprawling network of Nazis and fascists who gained their grip on the American people.

They were the ones who set up the US government after World War II, when the US collaborated
with thousands of Nazis to set up the then-burgeoning Cold War national security establishment.
And that's the problem with admitting even the tiniest conspiracy. Once you step into
the forest, there's no telling where the trails will lead.
The lone nut doctrine is dogma, and assassination conspiracy theories heresy because they're

homicidal kooks have no political motives. When film director Oliver Stone, armed with
much research, proposed in his 1991 JFK that the escalation of the Vietnam War and the
assassination of President Kennedy may have been more than coincidental, reaction in the
national media was ridicule.
The truth is more troubling for Americans in the long run.
The truth being that violence is a crime. The truth is that violence is a crime. The
violent issues of the world they receive and associate with violence without wanting to
talk about can change the American system.
Which is coming on 꼭 Important Khalid
And now, friends, we're going to type in your local broadcast stance messages in blaming

Since you have authenticated your own people falsely, wax.
23adobs
Ahem.
Oh, by the way, friends, this music in the background is by Cosmic Vortex,
a local band with my buddy El Diablo on guitar.
Yes, Jesus is our business manager, and El Diablo is our guitar player.
Well, I'll be damned if we weren't anywhere near the end of that tape.
I love those little dark windows.
But you know, if the JFK assassination, dear friends,
was the work of lone nut Lee Harvey Oswald
acting out of some personal scent of disgruntlement and alienation,
then the whole Vietnam War,
was an accident.
But what if the assassination was carried out by a conspiracy?
Could escalating the war for reasons of ideology and corporate profiteering
have been one of the conspirators' motivations?
Then wouldn't the Vietnam War be an event planned by individuals
outside the American system of electoral politics, of checks and balance?
The American system, it would appear,
could have been altered by that crossfire in Dallas,
and more importantly, by the people.
And the people who planned it.
Uh, yes, friends.
And the people who planned it are still running this city today.
Well, they're pretty old, and they're sitting back,
and they're not listening to this radio show,
and they don't really have to listen to much of anything,
because they're really rich.
And they've got friends in high places.
But friends, we've got Bob, and that's why we aren't dead yet.
Uh, Bob wants to see us tortured like David Koresh.
It would be beautiful.
And one day, we'll be dead.
Wonderful.
And we will go gladly to our graves as martyrs for that man Bob.
Yes?
Yeah, right, sure.
.

.
.







.
.
.



Thank you.
And that's the primary purpose for this show,
spending your money.
We make sure you see what you do,
is you will be contacting our thin world agents,
and I'm pretty sure you have one in your neighborhood,
and they will then give you a special arrangement.
They will arrange a special arrangement,
Here we're seeing the...
If you look on the visitron, you can see the two-week visit beginning for a lucky family.
Hey, look out!
Here you see a two-week visit represented in streamers of blue and red.
The red represents the second week after Critical Capital has built up.
Well, in my visit through ThemeWorld, I found myself weighed down with the accoutrements of the TourEye.
You weren't given a ThemeWorld special complimentary card?
I went into ThemeWorld without my own theme, and so you can become lost if you depend on an alien theme.
Indeed, this is one problem, because folks might lose their themes at ThemeWorld.
Some might gain them, some might lose them.
You have to go to the Themology Lost and Found Park to find your own theme again.
And it would take a trained themologist to tell the difference.
And remember, of course, that there are counterfeit themes going around the park.
They're so long-distance.
That's right.
It resembled a human being.
It did at that time, but only to the witnesses who saw the swamp gas coalesce around the police car.
And shut off its radio.
These themes have to be read at the head of the class every 20 minutes to the accompaniment of theme music.
Now what is the most potent invocation you can have against the conspiracy?
Dot, dot, dot, or kill me!
Say it!
Kill me now!
There is the honorary ThemeWorld guide known as Suspect Duck.
Is there any way to recognize Suspect Duck?
Suspect Duck.

Suspect Duck.
Suspect Duck.
Suspect Duck.





Social media has a large bill.
So does puzzling evidence though.
Well, Suspect Duck is covered with feathers.
Evolution has given Suspect Duck the amazing quality of mimic, mimic, mimic, mimic, mimic, mimic, mimic.
Well, Mike, what other pavilliums are available to the general viewing public at this time in Time World?
Well, basically you have to make sure that you're properly dressed.
What we do is we try to make sure that you're fitted out for the acid rainforest.
At the rainforest.
Besides manual camera.
And the lake of dreams.
And so what we do is we have our special theme stylist who comes around and checks out your
particular mood theme and then tailors a whatever you need.
Oh, here, oh, it feels good.
Oh.
And even the Church of the Subgenius itself is represented in the theme world.
Yeah, I hear it.
The Tower of Bob.
The Tower of Bob.
I saw early pictures.
The Tower of Bob contains the world's largest slack generator.
Right in your own home.
Wow.
And actually reaching the Tower of Bob is also the key goal of the ZX game.
Reaching the Tower of Bob and falling in.
I see.
One reaches the Tower of Bob, does one attain Bobism?
No, one becomes a pillar of salt.
Well, it's...
Let's say if some fellow, like maybe it could be me, just says,
I just wanted to, you know, get off and get off by himself and, well, maybe take a friend
or take the wife and kids and have some fun and head out to theme world, just how would
he start to be about to get to go about it?
Well, you just get off at the theme world exit.
The theme, can you take it?
Next six exits.
Yes, theme the 13th.
I saw that theme, it's just a dried, withered up old piece of junk.
I can't remember if it's called Pop One.
I'm just going to start over.
There's a whole generation of college students now who were born after the 1960s were over.
Born in a world in which The Beatles had already broken up,
a world in which Richard Nixon had already been president and rather than carrying out
his promise to end the Vietnam War was dropping bombs on Cambodia instead.
instead. The Love Inn at Woodstock had already happened. Peace marches and civil disobedience
had been replaced by orgies of hatred and burning cities. Something new and malignant had surfaced
in America. It first appeared when Kennedy's head was blown open as he rode in an uncovered limousine
through a grimy section of Dallas on a route, incidentally, that he had never planned to take.
It was a different world the days before Dallas. It was a world in which people still had savings,
and you got by with a family of four on one income. There was a sense of America's place
in the world. Now things have become vicious and ugly and nasty. Doesn't it feel like there's a
direct path from Dallas to the brutal state of society today?
The path leads through the assassination, from the assassination through Vietnam,
the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr., which led to several years of rioting,
and the slaying of Robert Kennedy, without whom Richard Nixon almost certainly never would have
been president. The calamities continue through Watergate, another national trauma. The same year,
conservative Democratic presidential contender George Wallace was shot and
paralyzed. Together, with the Watergate Dirty Tricks campaign, the Wallace shooting ensured that
Nixon would be president for a second term. Watergate was followed by all sorts of sordid revelations
about the CIA, including its plethora of attempts and cahoots with the mafia to knock off Fidel
Castro. There was conflict in the Middle East, which led to a false gas shortage. Oil companies
were able to jack up prices several hundred percent throughout the f molted term. The deaths and




They enriched themselves, consolidated power, and unleashed oppressive inflation.
There are links between oil companies and the CIA.
As early as the 1950s, the National Security Council had authored a secret directive
designating multinational oil companies as instruments of U.S. foreign policy.
Big oil companies were put beyond the reach of U.S. law.
The overthrow of American-backed Shah, a pavlovi of Iran, by a radical Islamic uprising came next.
The Iranian revolutionaries seized an embassy full of American hostages
and destroyed the administration of President Jimmy Carter.
Carter's Desert One attempted rescue mission only made matters worse.
The rescue copters crashed in the Iranian desert.
One of the players in the Desert One scenario was General Richard Secord.
Who would become a public figure a few years later as one of the Iran-Contra conspirators.
Mixed into this parade of perdition were assorted terrorist killings, hijackings, and kidnappings in the U.S. and abroad,
which reinforced American feelings of national irrelevance, individual impotence, and governmental iniquity.
It is a logical fallacy to assume that outcome and motive are necessarily the same.
Nonetheless,
after the Kennedy killing, the United States petrified into a permanent war economy.
The Vietnam War segued quickly into the renewed Cold War.
Even when our Eastern Bloc enemies loosened up,
President Bush warned that there would be no peace dividend from reduced military spending.
Of every American federal tax dollar, more than 25 cents goes to the defense budget.
Huge defense contracting companies siphon trillions from the economy.
The money goes to no productive use.

Crippling the capacity for individual enterprise and with it, the American spirit.
Draw your own conclusions.
The harvest of these sad seeds was the cynical and shallow Reagan 80s.
Political involvement dropped to record lows while power grew ever more centralized in a shrinking number of gigantic corporations.
Freed from public oversight, the corporations acted almost as nations unto themselves.
The weak ones died while the strong merged.
The corporate takeover of America concentrated economic power in the hands of a few,
but showed its most anti-democratic effects in the media business.
Not only money, but information.
The air, water, and food of democracy came under the control of elite interests.
Is America in the pocket of its own people?
Is America in the pocket of its own killer cabal?
One much cleaner and quieter than the gangs who rule the banana republics we hold in contempt?
Are we a nation in the grip of kinder, gentler death squads?
Yes, friends, the Church of the Subgenius is a weird cult.
A secret society.
Scary, huh?
Well, in the church of the subgenius, there's a cult called the Church of the Subgenius.
In the 20th century, an equally strange cult, the intelligence community of the United States government,
has also experimented with remolding the human mind.
The umbrella for these efforts was a program called MK Ultra,
approved back in 1953 by CIA director Alan Dulles at the urging of Richard Helms,
who would later become director of the Central Intelligence Agency himself.
As did George Bush, of course.
MK Ultra gained its notoriety for introducing LSD into America,
giving birth to the 1960s counterculture.
Its darker purpose was to create the perfect agent, the Manchurian Candidate,
an agent who would take any order without question,
who would be absolutely trustworthy, an agent with no free will.
And the book goes on to talk about people who could very...
who behaved in and had connections in the past
that led one to think that some of them were just a bunch of idiots.
And some of such things actually happened.
One is Sirhan Sirhan,
who would do this automatic writing under hypnosis,
scribbling mind control, mind control over and over again.
He's the guy who shot Robert Kennedy, by the way.
Or they say.
Actually, there was another guy with a gun standing right behind him,
but he worked for the government, so they didn't...
Jody, the Jody Foster-obsessed John Hinckley Jr.
appears to be another subject for research.
He was a great brainwasher.
Of course, his dad was a good friend of George Bush.
And yet another one is Mark David Chapman,
who killed John Lennon for no real discernible sane reason,
but who had actually worked with CIA training groups
that were connected to Christian training groups.
And then there's the long list of dead people connected with the Iran-Contra affair.
I have had knowledge of an October surprise deal
between 1980 Reagan for President campaign and the Islamic Iranian government.
The deal is said to have delayed the release of American hostages
until after Reagan's inauguration,
in exchange for arms shipments and other covert operations.
And then, friends, you get further into it and further into it,
and you find out that,
ugh,
do you know the CIA
and all their buddies have been involved in serious drug smuggling for a long time?
And in fact,
and this is the kind of thing that most of us knew
about 15 years ago, 10 years ago at least,
and it's now coming out in the news that,
yes, indeed, there really was a lot of drug smuggling
that was empowered by the CIA.
Crack and cocaine are distributed in LA,
with impunity,
with the cooperation of corrupt cops,
also associated with the CIA,
and in New York.
This ain't crackpot stuff.
This is all in the books.
They were doing it so they'd have money
to fund the Contras and fight the secret war
in South Central America.
And friends,
the CIA's only own thinly disguised cover airlines,
and the only one that's ever been designed since the war in Vietnam,
Air America flew opium in and out of Laos
as a way of financing the illegal Laotian War
without going to Congress.
Much of the heroin manufactured from the CIA-couriered base
was being sold to American servicemen in Southeast Asia
who developed a widespread heroin problem.
Now,
then you get into Noriega, friends.
Remember when we bust,
we went in there,
went in there and kicked ass in Panama.
To comprehend the government's role in cocaine traffic,
Noriega is useful as a kind of focal point.
He was on the C-I-
uh, the payroll of the CIA.
At the same time,
he worked for the Medellin Cartel
for four million dollars a month.
The Medellin Cartel for you kids
is the Colombian cocaine syndicate
responsible for most of the cocaine
that enters the USA.
Noriega was also connected to George Bush,
and through Bush to Oliver North,
they used Noriega as a conduit
for getting arms to the Contras.
Bush, North,
the other government insiders at the CIA,
and the National Security Council,
which under Reagan got heavily into covert operations,
knew about Noriega's involvement with drugs,
but, uh,
you know,
when it looked like the guy was about to start flapping his lips
and push it too far,
they had to take him out.
Um,
accounts of testimony before Senator Kerry's committee
revealed that Felix Rodriguez,
CIA agent and friend of George Bush,
arranged a ten million dollar donation
to the Contras direct from the Medellin Cartel.
The cartel's chief accountant and money launderer
testified to the donation.
The same guy was said to have conveyed
180,000 dollars in campaign contributions
from the Medellin Cartel
to Ronald Reagan's 1980 campaign,
and was invited to Reagan's inauguration
as a gesture of thanks from the grateful candidate.
The guns for drugs deals,
many of which centered on,
uh,
blah blah blah blah blah,
man, friend,
well, here's the thing,
this could go on and on and on and on and on,
and it does,
and, um,
if, if your access to news is based on
the, uh,
liberal biased media like,
uh,
Time Magazine and,
uh,
Newsweek,

and, and PBS,
and NBC,
and, uh,
other, uh, government and corporate-owned,
uh, news,
uh, organizations,
and, uh,
I'm sure this stuff all sounds like the same
old crazed pinko liberal garbage,
uh, that,
you know, I mean,
it's just laughable, isn't it?
And yet,
and yet,
and yet,
there it is, friends,
every bit of the stuff that I just said,
is not only true,
but you can go look it up.
The fact that they don't spell it out
on the front page of the newspaper
should tell you something right there.
Because I'm telling you,
I'm telling you now,
that,
you know,
I've been looking out upon this radio audience,
and,
lest ye repent,
ye are lower than the lowest primate!
You were a subgenius,
but that's way too small time for us,
those bikers!
Dobbs has stuff stashed away,
four miles under the Alps,
and yet you call me Snooty?
Snooty?
But see,
but see, that's just it.
This is how.
You're in the filth of the woodwork.
This is the fate of the conspiracy,
an eerie valley to the Connie Tights.
But it is Bob,
Bob's grace alone that the South Passage
leading to the Hollow Earth in this infinitely stupid radio show
of non-tobacco ingredients even exists!
Bob!
I mean,
run a search,
run a search program on Bob's name on this newsgroup,
and I'll bet it'll show up Republican conservatives
and put them in camps!
We'll show them!
Invent designer viruses that let live only those humans
with that low-level,
ego-bound snittiness.
Invent designer viruses that someone has killed and replaced
with liberal,
one-worlder look-alikes.
The foot-tall robot legume
with the dark,
blue nerve gas canisters with blood!
We've been briefed on the file.
Keepest thine membership card close to thine breast,
lest thou enjoin that Bob is the dark blue nerve gas canisters.
Then he sends six church air tanks
and eight damn froth fertilizer tubes to Michigan.
Then what they paid for was gonna be struck down all.
Your hard drives rent asunder,
signing butts,
or else hear about doing a special on the church?
Well, they did it.
And mark my words,
the Yuccatism shall feast on the remnants.
For lo, my people are blinded, my friends,
but the vengeance of Dobbs shall be visited upon ye
mighty handfuls of flatulent jockstraps.
You're a maniacal heap of foul male clippage.
You're a drive-by in the radiance of musty elephant phlegm.
You are lower than the conservatives
which make for lack of ill-conceived iguana droppings.
You can't see the prison for the naked glory of Bob.
Totally accessible and naked, my children.
Bob shall feast on everything we make.
The real ex-day, Bob's wrath in the city.
This wallowing in the office.
He just paid actors decoys
to make us think that the liberals or socialists
had been killed by dinosaurs.
Sure, but come ex-day, the pamphlet,
my address on everything we know,
it might show up once or twice in city after city.
I guess you all got so marked
for the further glory
of Bob.
Bob! Remember him?
Bob!
Bob!
Chip Machrack.







fellow of yours.
Hehehehe.
Well, you're looking at a pretty damn long eternity.
Oh, by the way, here's that triple your money back.
Uh, it's, uh, what, sixty dollars?
One for you, Smith, one for you, Jones.
And, uh, don't let this deter you from doing business with us again.
Hehehehe.
One, two, three, and four.
I want to suck blood.
Don't you think that might be fun?
Just hanging around with my teeth in your neck.
And afterwards we could have a cigarette.
I got to find an aphrodisiac.
For my favorite hemophiliac.
I just want to suck blood.
Cause that's the thing that I love.
I just want to sink my teeth into your neck.
I'm not looking for commitment or gratuitous sex.
Just let me have some fun.
Please let me have some fun.
Please let me suck your blood.
I'm no pervert.
I'm no weirdo.
I'm no Nazi and no fascist.
I just happen to be a recreational phlebotomist.
So let's have some fun.
And let me suck your blood.
Just hanging around with my teeth in your neck.
Don't you think it might be fun?
Uh-huh.
Is it getting clearer now?
It is getting clearer.
Drive yourself to the hospital.
I'm in the driver's seat.
There's a bottom of Fred Astaire.
The driver's seat at the bottom of Fred Astaire.
How much did you take?
Forty thousand, I think.
How many thousand copies has the book sold?
Thousands and thousands of oodles of them.
In fact, you can hear some of the copies we're dropping on Central America right now.
Get out of the way!
During the evening hours, savor the great dining and exciting nightlife of San Salvador.
Dine in plush restaurants where the gracious service makes for an unfathomable experience.
Smell that!
We've sold thousands, but guess how many?
Don't be sentimental with me.
Let's look at it logically.
I guess about 70,000.
Okay, and guess how many we've shredded?
Uh...
Okay, 150.
Okay, well that was our confession.
We have shredded 150,000 copies of the book just because they accidentally contained a real kernel of information,
which we deemed you the outsider force.
Okay.
That's right.
That's right.
I forgot about that.
You're too dull and unknowledgeable to contain inside your feeble little brains.
Whereas we over people...
They're out there, though.
For a while, those were being sold for two extra dollars.
That's right.
You can actually...
Now, you can find them in Moe's or Shakespeare's for actually 45 cents or so.
And the kernel of truth is underlined in some of them.
That's right.
Here we see miniature creatures attempting a subtenuous beach party of their own.
Unfortunately...
Look at that.
They're being engulfed by large lobsters and decapods.
Well, it's hard for anyone.
Boy, look at that.
What a struggle.
And here we are.
Looks like a friendly fellow.
But don't be mistaken.
Those double-edged rows of serrated teeth surrounded by rasping tentacles each when it's
tragellant inflict a painful nip, as is demonstrated by our willing studio invaders.
Well, that was information.
I was wondering if you had God's phone number.
Ha, got you there, huh?
Okay.
You've been listening to this stupid thing for two hours.
He doesn't like his little collar haircut.
Well, sorry.
Hello, next problem.
No, if you can, put your hair between your legs and kiss Connie's panties goodbye.
Well, we should...
Oh, those guys again.
Yeah, those guys.
Well, it's getting late and the stupid people come out of their rocks at night and...
Yeah.
Large blobs can come at any time to engulf you and make mishmash hash out of all your
dreams and aspirations.
The tiniest radio station.
Broadcasting across the globe.






Lost in nation by mail.
Yes.
Can I help you?
Of course, it's a matter of time.
Yeah, we called your show.
Yeah, say something funny, quick.
I thought you were holding a survey.
Same thing.
Is this one of these junk calls?
Yeah, we're the junk, you're the call.
Yes, yes.
Well, I'd rather go to the planet of the apes.
What I'd like to know is why the book of the subgenius doesn't have a cross-indexed index,
a massive reference index.
It does, but that's not something we could show to the public.
It's a lot like the real soundtrack to the Creeping Terror.
It just isn't right.
Hey!
I left a good job in the movies.
Yeah, something's not right here.
This is puzzling evidence.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
We're going to rearrange everything.
I'm down here at the studio.
I'm just going to mix in a little bit differently here because we've got a real problem with
the theme, don't you think?
First we're talking about Philo and then we're in this restaurant in El Salvador and it just
isn't right.
Here, I tell you what, let's really have a theme here, okay?
Okay.
I know this morning we have some friends aboard.
Yes, this morning we have some fellow travelers.
We have Mr. Mike Believe and Mr. Gene Poole.
Oh, yeah.
From the theme world.
Yes, the theme for the sub-theme.
Tonight is theme world.
Theme world.
Think about it.
Oh, don't get dizzy now, Colin.
Well, just wait and see what happens as these two happy-go-lucky themists discuss themology
and themism.
The Lord High Themocrat, Mr. Mike Believe, might wish to try to expiate his sins by describing
some of the remarkable extrusions and profusions of theme world, which might even include the
grand mystery known as the theme-er for the theme theme.
When he leaves the theme-er-ium, he might caution himself to remember the words of
that great themistically who said that the city would be saved by wooden walls, but these
are walls surely more durable if less expendable.
What are some of the attractions at theme world, Mr. Believe?
Well, it doesn't even have to be there.
I'm getting a goddamn sick and tired of computers calling me up and talking to me inanely.
Yeah.
I love the time we just have.
We use what we call totally modular, which includes very, very simple images that...
Oh, they feel so nice.
Well, they're sort of tactile, I gather, eh, Fuzzy?
You can stroke them?
Yeah.
You're recording me, aren't you?
I'm telling you not to call me again.
We've all been drinking Theme Crush now.
Yes, apparently.
What are the effects of the Theme Crush drink itself?
It makes you break dreams.
Oh, the break...
Oh, much like the break wind of the...
Yes, the break wind of the break dreamers often clogs these busy mall arcades, causing
merchants to get out on the sidewalk and fuss and fume at the blocked aisles and the lack
of customers.
And they often, what they do, they use what they call the dancing flame, and I think that's
pretty...
Oh, I see.
And then, just how do they carry the flame about the park?
Exactly.
Exactly.
That's the problem.
It's a giant match.
Scientists have been trying to decide this problem for years.
Here they are now.
Oh, I see.

I understand that this ceremony of the dancing flame is so secret that only a few people in
the world can claim to have seen it and survived.
Don't forget, you're hearing it described blow by blow here on the fabulous theater
of the upper air.
Good effort.
Yes, it's the Good Effort Show where we recognize those citizens who show good effort and citizenship.
Our first good effort is little Bobby Brundage who was trod on by a cart horse while watching
the Budweiser Clydesdales pass in the Thanksgiving Day parade.
Oh, good effort, Bobby.
And here's Bobby's body being shown on display.
Oh, disgusting, isn't it?
We'll swipe that away and show you the next good effort winner.
Yes, and our second award today goes to little Norman Darniti who made the attempt at being
a high school athlete and ended up, well, in a funny little chair.
Well, she's flitter-sized.
She's flitter-sized.
She can go anywhere.
That's not a pleasant sight.
Good effort, Norman.
Good effort, Norman.
Thanks a lot for the slide.
Okay, here's our third winner.
And our final good effort is Palmer Marinerz.
Yes, Palmer attempted to couple with another human being of an opposite species.
The doctors told us afterwards that we were clinically dead.
What did his smile look like?
Yeah.
Some of them awoke up and said, oh, I'm going to die.

I'm going to die.

Good teeth.
It was hard, but the blood in our eyes that had this kind of ray that made the blood in
our eyes kind of coagulate and kind of start bulging out.
Well, good try, Paul.
Yeah, good effort.
We were all watching you on the Visigroup, Paul, and although your antics on the interocitor
left a little something to be desired, we thought you deserved at least a T for effort.
Yeah.
Thanks, Paul.
Good effort.
Good try.
Thank you.
And that's the primary purpose.
Of this show.
Yes, friends, and you have been listening to the Church of the Lord.


You've been listening to the Subgenius Hour of Slack with some excerpts there from the
Subgenius Show from KPFA, Berkeley with puzzling evidence and Dr. Hal Palmer, Vredes, and Gary
Gabrogfram from back in 1984.
And before that, I want to suck your blood by John Bartleson.
You can get your blood sucked by writing for free information from Post Office Box 140306,
Dallas, Texas 75214.
I know you got that all, but I'll give it again.
Just write for free info from Bob at Box140306.

Box140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Email slack at metronet.com.
And friends, those of you in Cleveland area, Ohio area, be aware that we've got a revival
in Columbus, October 26th, 27th at a bar called Stash's.
And you can call Stash's in Columbus for information, free information.
Yeah.
Yeah.


Thank you.
Well, thanks for being here.


Thanks.

Thanks.


Thanks.





Thanks.



Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
