Ladies and gentlemen, we interrupt this program to bring you a live extemporaneous interview with the Reverend Jim Baker.
There is no exemption from copyright for home taping, period, without the consent of the owner.
But obviously there is no prosecution in this area going on.
Bob! Bob! Bob! Bob! Bob!
Anytime there is a fixation, which means anytime that a performance of a work is committed to a medium,
the person who created that medium owns it.
But I question whether a spontaneous radio show is the subject of copyright.
We're getting into some fairly technical areas of copyright law here.
I'd very seriously question whether this is a work as such and whether it can be copyrighted.
Now this is not FTC approved.
This is not for your children.
This is not for your mother.
We want people to make up their own minds.
FTC approved.
We are responsible for brain damage and loss of purposes.
We've got reverence.
We are responsible for paranormal effects.
No effects.
No effects.
No effects.
No effects.
No effects.

No effects.
No effects.
No effects.
No effects.

No effects.
No effects.
No effects.











You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius.
What?
I say the word start.
The test will begin.
Are you ready?
Start.
When was the last time you had your hearing checked?
I would advise him to learn to lip read.
Insert earplugs now.
What the hell?
Can't give up, dude.
It's not what I'd like to listen to,
but I don't think I should be able to tell the other people what they can or can't listen to.
Deafness is not only uncool, it's endurable.
When I die, I'll show my hearing.
Call now and receive a coupon for a free hearing test.
Guaranteed, you won't hear any of this music on elevator.
It's rock and roll!
Please, can I do a lap?
If you suspect a hearing loss or thought nothing could be done about it,
ask your family doctor.
Feel your eardrums explode!
This concludes this hearing test.
Thank you!
But this does not conclude this...
pledge drive, no.
Actually, that was, uh,
the piece you just heard was
from the new album by Out of Band Experience, or OBE,
whose t-shirt you can see me wearing here tonight.
Uh, and I will be giving you a phone number you can call
to, uh, speak to OBE, Out of Band Experience,
because, uh, they sent a wonderful album,
very Dobbs approved,
but, uh, you can't hear it unless you call the station and pledge.
This is Plunderphonics, man.
This is total Plunderphonics in the background.
And you're plundering our phonics if, uh, if you can't help out just a bit.
I mean, I know you're playing.
Broke.
Geez, man, I've been paying bills all day!
I'm bro- I'm- I started out with some money.
I paid bills in the morning.
By afternoon, I was dead broke.
So I know, I know exactly how you feel about-
Show start now.
Come on, let's-
No, no.
Oh.
Oh, well.
This is American Top 40.
I have climbed the highest mountains...
And guess what?
I've run through the fields...
Only to be with you.
Yep, with you.
No one else, just you.
Here's the first Top 40 hidden...
Guess what?
...for the Irish band from Dublin, who call themselves U2.
I have run, I have crawled, I have scaled these city walls!
Yeah! That's really great.
I can't believe I did it, but...
Nevertheless, I have done that for you.
That's the letter U and the numeral 2.
Only to be with you, I've done all these things.
Yeah, with you.
The fat one, that's it.
You're the fat one, and I want to be with you.
What's the matter?
I say, why was it changed, you?
But, on the other hand, I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
That's the letter U and the numeral 2.
Maybe they'll make it as a-
But, on the other hand, I still haven't found what I'm looking for.

That's the letter U and the numeral-
Nope, definitely not.
...2.
I haven't found it.
I just can't seem to find it.
That's the letter U and the numeral 2.
Nope, definitely not.
I haven't found it.
That's the letter U and the numeral 2.
Come on.
And here's what else I've done.
Come on, let's see what we can find.
I have kissed honey lips, felt a healing in her fingertips.
I've even done that.
That's the letter U and the numeral 2.
While I was doing that, you know, all the kissing on the honey lips?
It burned like fire, and it reminded me of cheap melting plastic,
the kind that makes little clouds of white vapor gas,
and then when it catches on fire,
makes those little, little strings of black smoke with little ashes attached to them.
That's how it was kissing honey lips.
Why are we doing it?
Why have we changed something?
I still haven't found it!
But...
What I'm looking for in that is, I just don't know...
The last thing we want to do is sound like nobody else.
That's the letter U and the numeral 2.
You've got to challenge it, you know, musically speaking.
You know, you've got to find new sounds on the guitar.
You've got to find a new way of approaching the 4th floor beat.
Yeah, you gotta find new ways, friend.
And that mix by Negative Land has become legendary and banned, extremely banned,
because of the nightmare of big corpo music's view of copyrights and money.
Negative Land, for those who weren't aware, is a pretty tiny budget art band,
very critically respected by me and many other people.
A band of geniuses who basically invented a new genre,
but they did a takeoff on the normals, dear friends, and they paid.
They really paid.
They got smashed.
Slashed, clobbered by the stark fist of first the legal department of Island Records,
and then by the backstabbing, thieving so-called alternative record distributor, SST.
And Negative Land is now consigned to brokenness,
much like we here in the Church of the Subgenius.
Negative Land is also consigned to this eternal legal nightmare
because of dubiousness.
They're doing their takeoff on a normal, very rich band.
But also, at the same time, they become heroes.
Heroes, dear friends, to all real artists.
The martyrs to artful freedom.
To tweak the cheeks of the mega-biz giants, such as the band U2.
Now, U2 wouldn't be such bad guys, except that they didn't lift a finger
to stop the corporate giant that they were in bed with.
U2.

U2.













Wrecking the lives of these innocent, if, and concerned, very concerned,
if mischievous fellows, Negative Land.
I should be saying American Top 40 is her.
Are you too married for a great idea?
It was every week American Top 40 is heard.
Everything is topsy-turvy.
Topsy it is.
Is it to just screw up things?
Marriage is not you too living for each other.
Because I can't say this.
You know.
Let's see what we can find.
Everything.
Such a mess.
That's how we're almost finished.
It is you two uniting to live as a team for this great purpose.
What are you talking about?
Half that's not a mess!
Could you respond?
Art.
Obscenity.
Reality.
I don't care.
I, I don't listen.
I don't buy it.
And theft and collaboration and obscenity and money!
Mainly money because this is a pledge drive and we are not kidding.
Uh, if, if you don't care, I don't know, maybe one of these days we won't care either.
And then the world will end.
Money, money.
What we're trying to do, friends, is pull your strings of sympathy and guilt and hate tonight.
Because it's me.
Money, money, money.
Money, money, money, money.
Money.
It does indeed make the world go around a nasty situation, but that's the way it is.
And, uh, uh, we don't mind, uh, those of you who literally have nothing from freeloading off the slack of this show.
But for those of you who have a little bit of something.
Man.
A bunch of nothingness for that something unless you put it in the right place.
Which is this radio station.
And this radio ministry.
My God.
Ugh.
I'm, I'm serious.
I was, I was paying bills this morning and I was dead broke by this afternoon.
So I'm in the mood to do this show.
Uh, this particular show, which actually is going to star the commercially available albums.
Featuring Bob Dobbs on the cover, but which are not subgenius foundation tape.
Uh, but, uh, albums, tapes, CDs distributed by others.
And unlike our tapes, most of them are available in stores.
And, uh, and what, but these all are authorized releases by friends.
Yes.
And members of the honest and true church of the subgenius and not the Canadian.
Anti-Semitic right wing LaRouche and false church of the subgenius.
And I'm going to have to pause in my pledge drive money begging tonight, friends.
And once again, mention the problem.
It seems these pin Canucks, uh, pink Canucks, uh, uh, so-called producers for Bob in Canada, Toronto.
Sent out a press release full of lies.
Lies indeed.
Really.
To, uh, every music magazine and college radio station in the country.
Claiming that they were the real Bob Dobbs.
And trying to paint a picture of me.
Me, your poor old overworked host and, and prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Trying to make me look like a crazy crackpot.
Now, can you imagine that?
Who had just come out of the woodwork to harass them and their wonderful new invention.
The church.
Of the subgenius.
Now, fortunately, dear friends, uh, they seem to have taken real careful aim and shot themselves right straight in the foot.
Because, uh, you'll be pleased to know that we've been getting calls from magazines and radio stations saying,
Well, we never heard of your church before, but, and we, we really don't care that much about it, but these, these people are obviously ripping you off.
That is crime.
And crime must be dealt with forcefully.
Stop!
Law and order.
Your attention, please.
At the recommendation of the International Time Bureau, commencing at 23 hours, 59 minutes, 60 seconds UTC, an extra second will be inserted into the NBS timescale.
All rights reserved.
Copyright.
Copyright.
Copyright.
All rights reserved.
Copyright.
Copyright.
Copyright.
Copyright.
Copyright.
Copyright.
Copyright.
Copyright.
Copyright.
All rights reserved.
Copyright.
Copyright.

That is crime.
Time.
Copyright.
The owner of a copyright has certain exclusive rights regarding the use of the musical work.
Put simply, this means that he or she is the only person that can make copies of the work or perform it in public and is the only person that can authorize others to do the same.
Copyright.
Copyright.
Copyright.
Copyright.

Copyright.








コピ Madeleine, without the copyright holders consent, such use is called an infringement
of the copyright and is subject to civil and criminal proceedings.
This way I can personally see that you are persecuted to the full extent of the law.
Copyright.


Copyright.
All rights reserved.




Copyright.
All rights reserved.
If you manufacture or import sound carriers which reproduce copyrighted songs attributes
without obtaining a mechanical license for each song, then you have infringed the copyright of the copyrighted versions.

Copyrights in question.
That is crime.
Canada's copyright legislation provides for civil penalties and criminal prosecution
with a maximum fine of $1 million for copyright infringement.
If a CD, a cassette, or LP contains unlicensed music,
it can be removed from the market by way of injunction.
As well, anyone handling infringing merchandise is likewise guilty of infringement.
Including distribution, wholesale, and retailers.
That is crime.
And crime must be dealt with forcefully.
Remember, copyright is the basis of the music industry.
Someone has said, get a great ideal, a great purpose, marry it, and raise a family.
What the hell's going on here, Bono?
I should be saying American Top 40 has heard...
Are you too married to a great idea?
It was every week American Top 40...
Uh, yes, I...
Am I married to a great idea?
I sure as hell am, and I like to think some of you all are too.
And you need to support your husband, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
That piece you just heard was by FU235.
That's right.
FU235, a piece called Copyright Time,
from his FU2 project in defense of negative land.
Ironically enough, this Urania 235, as he's also known,
is from Toronto, Canada,
and is also the editor of the wonderful FOD maggot zine.
He tried to do a project in defense of negative land
and found himself subject to and threatened by
the same sort of lawsuits that negative land faced
because you just can't badmouth a conspiracy
without them coming down on your heart.
They're paying those lawyers already.
And neither you or me or negative land
can afford to pay those lawyers for five or ten minutes,
much less what's required to get justice.
I spent two hours on the phone last night
with Mark Hosler of negative land.
It has turned into such a...
He's real sorry.
He got tricked, so to speak.
The whole band kind of got tricked
into contributing a mix.
They remixed a cut on the second of the Canadian
counterfeit subgenius albums.
He had asked the Canadians if this project
was approved by Dobbs and us in Dallas,
and they lied and said it was.
Otherwise, negative land wouldn't have helped
them out on the thing.
And now they feel ripped off by these guys, too.
And it's all turned into the most embarrassing thing
because these plagiarists try to make it look like
we're fascists.
We're some kind of fascists who are going to sue
anybody who uses the subgenius concept.
Now, quite the opposite is actually true.
These Canadians aren't using many of the subgenius concepts at all.
They're using our entire name and identity
because it means something in the fringe world.
They're claiming they're us and then cranking out
some pretty lame gobbledygook.
And what's worse, they have this weird conservative agenda.
I mean, really intense conservative agenda.
They brag about how they're in good with people
like Lyndon LaRouche and even Henry Kissinger.
I think actually they just interviewed him once
and they somehow think that makes them real cool.
Anyway, friends, the fact is we've never had
any problem at all with various individual
organizations.

We've never had any problem with artists doing albums
or whatever, comics, that incorporated subgenius materials.
We're happy that they want to.
We're happy that you taped this show.
And all we ask is mutual backscratching.
Well, that's not all we ask.
In the case of this show, the station needs
a few pennies out of you to stay on the air.
That's 823-7490.
They give us credit and they publicize it.
They publicize Bob's message and we help to publicize
their band or whatever.
And the subject of money usually doesn't even come up
because all the parties are probably barely breaking
even anyway.
It's done for fun, for slack, dear friends.
And these Canadian yo-yos have stolen our name
to make money.
And the reason they've been able to get away with it
is A, they already have a lot of money.
And B, they're in Canada, which makes it hard for us
to pursue through legal options.
And as far as I can tell, they must be nuts
because they're digging their own graves deeper and deeper
as far as the art world integrity goes.
And I don't doubt that the names Nelson Thal and Bob Dean
will become synonymous with big corporate rip-offs
of struggling independents.
I don't doubt that at all.
But tonight, we would like to,
illustrate to you the range of artists
who have worked subgenius into their stuff,
with permission now, as friends, not claiming
to be Bob themselves.
I mean, not even we do that.
We're not stupid enough to do that.
Public domain.
Raw material for your reuse.
Here it is.
The Bob Dean Show.
Public domain.
Here it is.
Duplication.
Raw material for your reuse.
Go right ahead.
Make a buck.
It's all yours.
No permission or clearance of any kind is necessary.
Go right ahead.
Do anything you want with raw material for your reuse.
I hope that's clear.
Of course, you just can't beat the island.
Corporate lawyers behind the artists.
Go ahead and try.
I'm not a lawyer.
I'm not a lawyer.
I'm not a lawyer.
I'm not a lawyer.



If your stimulation for cover is waxed,
I'll see you in a minute.
Don't cheat.


I don't sound.
I don't sound.
I don't sound.
I don't sound.
I don't sound.
That was a bad word.
I hope the FCCA...
No, I didn't.
No.
F-U-2-35?
Three.
Two, three.
Oh, yeah, but they have to see the word dangling in the air in front of their eyes.
Oh!
Well, they're subgeniuses.
Maybe they will see it.
The only three quarters I've seen anyway.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Oh, Ranger Rich.
She lets us do this show.
That woman lets us do this show.
She's really the main reason we've managed to stay on the air.
And you better listen to her.
Okay.
Okay, OBE, or Out of Band Experience in Boston, Reverend Bill T. Miller, has released a new
album called Kings of Feedback, and I would love to just play that whole album on this
show.
Some of it is undecensorable, you might say, but check it out.
Oh!
Get me alot of love, compañers.
Stop it!
Oh, revered, lieber Father, remember, beside the Gods, when he left home half a century
ago, with quite the streak of tragedy, with good health, his great friend-
He took D Aurora.


Muah!
25 books.



I'm seeking salvation.
There are enemies of children's souls.
All alone in this world of wickedness.
Search inside yourself for your soul.
In the name of the Jesus, I'm going to go.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
Don't stop me here. Don't stop me here.
Fight the real enemy.
Don't you want to be saved?
Don't you want to be saved?
Fight the real enemy.
We're all looking in the same direction.
We're not seeing quite the same thing.
You're looking at me and I'm looking at you.
But we're all going insane.
We're all going insane.
The dragon's died.
We'll find the God.
No, no, no.
We're all going insane.
We're all going insane.
No, no, no.
The mind is good and the heart is free.
We're all going insane.
We're all going insane.
Fight the real enemy.
We're all going insane.
We certainly don't want to preach to people.
We're all going insane.
Are you going insane?
Eislyn hasn't died yet.

I'm locked inside this house and will continue on forever.
More than that.

For gots, you crossed over the line.
You Police, determine how I get rid of these god.
You.
A-You can do anything to help poor people.

I can do anything as long as I live.

At a lower level.
It's inside of me and you
We gotta come together
To understand what's gonna happen
Find the real enemy
You gotta believe in yourself
Find the real enemy
It's inside of you
You gotta find that enemy inside of you
You gotta believe in yourself
Everyone but one
Listen to me, mister!
It's salvation I'm talking about!
Find the real enemy
Repent!
Find the real enemy
All in all
All in all
All in all
All in all
All in all
All in all
All in all
All in all
All in all
All in all
It can't be as compared
Because why do you want to be normal?
Incredible. Absolutely incredible.
Completely normal.
These occurrences are pure figment of imagination.
It's not normal.
Wake up, all the boys!
The chair is...
Come on, the chair is...
The chair is...
The chair is...
And that was...
what we just played with Normal by OBE.
They're kings of feedback series.
And you can reach, these are available as LPs and EPs and tapes and everything else.
You can call OutBand Experience, Reverend Bill Miller at area code 617-LICK-OBE.
That's right.
Lick-OBE.
617-LICK-OBE.
Or write them at post office box 221.
That's 221 Boston, Massachusetts.
02123.
What an easy address.
Box 221 at 02123 there for kings of feedback.
Non-Subgenius Foundation records that have stuff about Bob and it's fine with us.
We're real happy to see it.
As opposed to this.
Bob's Media Ecology stuff.
It's so sad that some people have to take a good idea and steal it, misuse it and wreck it basically to save themselves the work or the need for any talent of their own.
Huh.
This has been your re-enunciator.
Fake me.
Fake me.
We're non-violent with people.
We're non-violent with us.
Everything basically disappeared.
Disappeared.
Disappeared.
Disappeared.
Stupid nutty bad brain.
I want to kill you.
Used slack.
Yeah, here's some stuff about used slack.
This is a little clip from the San Francisco Weekly.
Last week.

Slack.
Slugfest.
Fur is flying among factions of the Church of the Subgenius over the question of who bears the standard of the real Bob Doves.
It all goes on and on but the gist of the hissy fit boils down to mudslinging between a certain Reverend Ivan Stang and Toronto dwellers who've released an album culled from their Canadian Media Ecology radio talk show hosted by, you guessed it, Bob Doves.
Threats of lawsuits and seething letters to various editors have followed but the Toronto group vows to release volume two of their Bob's Rants in February.
Am I the only one who's reminded of the never-ending negative land saga?
Yeah, used slack, dear friends.
Slack!
Used slack, dear friends!
Slack beyond your wildest dreams.
Buy now and slack!
You have the power to find slack.
Good something for nothing!
Credit cards are taken.
Slack!
Send cash!
I want more slack.
Send your money now!
Conspiracy denied me again.
Send your money!
I will have my slack.
Your slack's open and here it is!
Slack!
Buy your slack!
Used slack!
Another time.
New slack!
Your period.
All sorts of slack!
New slack!
Every kind of slack imaginable!
Slack!
Slack from the other side of the world!
The slack?
Slack from right next door!
The slack!
Very good!
The slack's over here!
The slack's over in the middle of the yard!
Used slack!
Buy it here!
Buy it now!
Used slack!
We have used slack!
I don't know which word I want my slack!
You slack!
You slack recognition!
You slack!
I don't know which word I want my slack!
You slack!
You slack!

Slack!
Slack!
Slack!
Slack!
Slack!


If you have the cash, you can have your slack.
Money and slack.
Something for nothing.
Slack and green.
Slack!
Slack and government control for your protection.
Slack!







I want more slack!
Slack is not for everyone!
You cannot take my slack away!
Slack can be taken by prescription!
Slack!



Slack!
Slack!
Slack!
Slack!
Slack!
Slack!
Slack!
Slack!
Slack!
Slack!
Slack!

He's used slack there by Kings of Feedback.
And yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna get back on that subject of Bob Dean.
The counterfeit Bob Dobbs.
Actually don't worry this will probably be the last one.
But actually, lately, I've come to sort of a plateau of hate It's kind of evened off
for me.
I have to admit that for several weeks, I've been letting these fake Bob Dobbs yo-yos kind of get to me.
You know, I was waking up angry every morning.
Well, not every morning. Not always.
I had other things to think about some mornings besides them.
But it had been getting bad, and my blood pressure would skyrocket whenever I thought about them.
And my rants, I'll admit it, were starting to get strident and shrill.
And perhaps they still are.
It was kind of an impasse.
But yesterday, my hate finally crossed over.
From the paralyzing, humanoid, Denian-style hate to the ascended, true subgenius-like hate squared.
And I was freed!
And last night, I started writing satires on them.
Which makes me feel like things are getting back to abnormal.
I mean, I had several different...
Different events helped me reach this understanding.
First, the best thing was Negative Land and Steinsky.
And pretty much everybody else who'd been paid to work on the second fake Bob album caught on.
And they're denouncing that treacherous bunch.
Yes, yes.
Justice shall prevail.
And secondly, a bunch of magazines and radio stations have checked out both sides.
And they're all about ready to pounce on those bastards.
But the best thing of all.
The best of all was, I was sent a copy of an interview with Bob Dean.
Conducted by our friend...
Dad.
Who hosts the Hour of Slack and Dad's new Slack shows in Portland, Maine on WMPG.
And I finally got to hear...
Oh, I have something I can play to you.
What Dean is saying about us.
And about me and the entire rest of the church, really.
I didn't want to read their press release to you.
Because if I did, you'd think I was making it up.
You would think it was me doing a satire of these guys.
But now, it's like you can actually hear what he wants you to believe.
So let's just move into this vindictive, hateful, wonderful, wonderful thing.
Ah, yes.
Bob.
I want.
All mine.
Garment of fear.
You just kind of get your hands around that concept and work it.
Well, I would just like to point out the fact that there's a musical group.
Locally, that has the name Bob J.R.
There's a musical group named Bob J.R.?
I'm quite suspicious of their intent.
It seems like there's a lot of false Bobs lately, you know?
There are false Bobs.
And stick around.
In a few minutes, we're going to play this Bob Dean interview I did.
And you'll hear the falsest Bob of all.
I'm looking forward to it.
Okay.
Who would do that?
Bob.
But Bob is not real.
There are pages torn out.
That is real, Harold.
Okay, okay.
Well, maybe.
Maybe.
Okay.
Bob is real.
He's been having me since I was 12.
I had nothing to do with the CD.
You had nothing to do with it?
No.
I don't know these people.
Nelson Saul and Dave Neufeld.
Bob Dean.
Yeah, Bob Dean disappeared.
About four years ago.
Mm-hmm.
In 88.
I've heard from Neufeld and Saul that the last place he was at was at Stank's house, October 28, 1988.
This is a fact, huh?
Yeah.
Oh.
So Bob Dean, I've been sent this stuff.
He's ranting about Nelson Saul and Bob Dean.
Yeah, Nelson Saul was involved, but Bob Dean hasn't been seen in years.
But my own history goes back to 1922 when I was born.
Yesterday, February 2nd.
The day Ulysses came out by James Joyce.
So I've just turned 71.
And I had a butler.
Just to bring up a date, I had a butler named Tom Deshaies.
And he sort of decided to defect from me.
In early 91, he sort of jumped ship out of what I was doing.
And the next thing I know in April, April 22nd, I found out was the release date of the first FOSMETEOROLOGY.
And there was this thing on the market produced by Nelson Saul and Dave Neufeld.
The only thing that refers to me that was actually written by me is the memo to Prince Charles,
which I actually wrote back in, I think it's 87.
And the only person who would have access to that is Tom Deshaies.
So I think Tom Deshaies is somehow working with Nelson Saul and Dave Neufeld.
Oh yes, dear friends.
Well, let's stop and examine these things every now and then.
So now...
Now, that was probably the last time I was in the United States.

Bob Dean talking to dad of Dad's New Slacks.
So now Bob Dean is ashamed of Nelson Saul.
He doesn't know Nelson Saul or the engineer of the album.
Bob Dean, he says, disappeared at Stang's house in 1988.
Now, it's true that Dean came to my house in 1988 and told me he was going to play Bob Dobbs on the radio.
And I told him I didn't think that was a good idea.
I really didn't want him.
I really didn't want him to.
And I didn't think he sounded anything like the Bob I knew.
And Bob can speak for himself.
You know, he doesn't need some...
This guy.
But anyway, remember that.
Remember that little bit there about how Bob Dean disappeared at Stang's.
And I guess at that point he became Bob Dobbs.
And he's 71 years old now.
And yet makes very trendy references, we notice.
And suddenly, Saul and Neufeld did this album.
But it's not his fault.
So he can stab them in the back now.
I see.
By the way, the guy that he keeps referring to, David Neufeld, is probably the only blameless person involved in this thing.
He's the only one.
Actually, with any talent, he did a pretty good mixing job on those things.
It's kind of a shame, really, that they had to put our name on their stuff.
I just don't get it.
But actually, there's a new Bob's Media.
Bob's Media Ecology 2 disc.
It's coming out this month.
And I was supposed to have a copy tonight.
But, you know, cheesy publicists in Toronto can't quite get it together that fast.
Anyway, what they did do for me, though, was they gave me an opportunity to speak with this Bob Dean or Bob Dobbs, as he called himself.
But, you know, it's interesting.
It's not with the quotation marks around Bob.
And he says that's just Stang's interpretation.
Yeah, I spoke with him.
And he kept me on the horn for a long time.
And he told me the truth, as only he knows it.
Oh, yeah.
You know, I played along with him.
I actually let him think that I was interested in what he had to say.
But I'll tell you the truth.
I mean, this guy, if he has any one particular talent, it's his ability.
To lie in such a powerfully straight faced manner that that many people actually believe what he's saying.
Unless, of course, you're of Yeti extraction, in which case you can see right through it.
But he is an extremely talented.
I mean, as well as being a talker, I mean, the guy can talk a mile a minute.
And.
But he's a great liar and fantasist and deceiver.
And.
The thing about is he's still quite a subgenius.
I mean, that's that's the difference here.
That's the difference is that.
The real subgenius church has room for everybody.
It doesn't mean it doesn't matter if you're a dangerous, demented, twisted poe buck or like Jane or hyper cleats.
Or or a fascist.
Ego centric science fiction geek like Bob Dean.
Or just a plain old dad like me.
These occurrences are pure figments of imagination.
Any abnormal sound?
Well, I was going to be a break in the genetic line and I felt my role was to freeze.
I was going to be a
whoever was interested from the pink prison of being rapidly imploding hologram of the 70s, maybe I had to stay in the secret
council and do all the dirty work.
I was involved in the fascination.
Part of the King.
Kennedy, George Wallace, you know, back in the 50s.
Other jobs and money, much money laundering, drug dealing.
So you're not the the J.R.
Quotation marks.
Bob.
Dot.
Bob mentioned in some of the genius foundation literature.
Well, technically, I'm not J.R.
I don't have those initials.
I am the Bob Dobbs that that's saying right, folks, because when he met me in the late 70s in Dallas and followed Drummond, I think I inspired him.
And the effect of personal encounters with me will create will burst the creative instinct and expand it.
And I think that the whole cartoon figure they created was the attributes of the effect I had staying.
But.
No, no way.
No.
No.
No.
No.
So.
Well, now we find out the excess have landed.
And and even though Bob Dean first met us in 1988 and then became Bob Dobbs, yet Bob Dobbs met us in 1979 and inspired everything that all of you and the rest of us have ever done in the name of Bob, all inspired by this guy.
You hear talk about.







You know...
You're doing a good job, but it seems that, uh...
I mean, the J.R. Bob Dog that I've read about in subgenius lore...
Yeah.
Um, is someone who is out to unmask the conspiracy...
That's what I'm doing. That's what Lockdown Bob Rule means.
To free what Stang calls subgeniuses from the pink prison, which I will do.
And the X's have already landed. He has the date 1998.
They arrived in February, March 88 from the Booty's Constellation.
And I'm very confident that they're going to be there.
And I'm not saying that they're going to be there.
I'm just saying that in 15 years, you'll know that the first contact was made from the aliens from the Booty's Constellation.
So this is historic, what I'm saying. You don't know if it's true now.
They're the ones doing the crop circles.
But I don't expect people to believe this stuff, you know, that I have access to this situation.
I mean, Stang's projection of July 5th, 1998...
Coincidentally, and he would know this, when he met me in the late 70s...
My father died on July 5th, 1998.
And in 1976, exactly 22 years later, you have Stang mapping out the return of the X's.
So that... I met Stang in the late 70s, if I can remember accurately.
So that was after my father died. So I probably told him that fact.
Well, what's this date he's referring to about way back in 87?
I mean, I like his works. They're funny. It's interesting stuff.
It's not as accurate as what I'm going to lay out. But...
Well, I don't think he's interested in accuracy.
Oh, yeah. He's free to be inaccurate if he wants to.
But I haven't got the freedom or time or leisure to be inaccurate.
I mean, for to do the tetrad management I'm engaged in, I've got to be very precise.
So he interpreted me, and then Nelson Thal and Neufeld interpreted me.
I think they interpreted other aspects of myself that Stang wasn't aware of.
So I don't know how Stang can say that they ripped him off.
I mean, they have a right to interpret me as much as they want.
Oh, gee, thanks, Bob. I'm so glad that I have the right to interpret you.
I'm glad that all of us subgeniuses have been able to interpret you without even knowing it.
Yeah, what a... I mean, does this sound like the J.R. Bob Dobbs?
You know, anyway, he goes on and talks about how he's the Dobbs in Catch-22.
Catch-22 is also based on him. Or at least that Dobbs character in there.
Now, listen to this part coming up where he talks about the great deal that his producer, who he claims not to know...
Now, these guys get together. I mean...
And later on in the conversation he talks about he keeps letting slip that they do know each other.
Well, Thal has the tape. Well, not Thal. I have the tape. Thal doesn't have the tape. You'll see.
The Church of the Subgenius is broke, and there's no way he can fight them, particularly in the Canadian courts.
Oh, you know, from what I understand is that Nelson Thal offered a whole business arrangement with them.
But, uh, matter of fact, he told me that some of the things Stang is writing in these letters in the magazines are erroneous.
What, the option, uh... letter?
Yeah, the statement that Nelson Thal has not returned his call.
I know we've tapped since I'm still trying to find out where Tom Foucher is.
I've tapped some of Nelson Thal's calls with Stang.
And they arranged a meeting in, uh, I don't know, Detroit, Chicago in October.
But the, uh...
The, uh...
The strike of the U.S. Air Network, uh, canceled that meeting.
Then, uh, then they had a meeting over there.
Did you arrange that? That strike?
No, I wasn't part of that. But I'm trying to find out who is arranging it.
I think, uh, uh, Tom Foucher is working behind the scenes with Thal and Neufeld.
Though I can't pin him down.
And so, uh, that's why I was monitoring. I know about this stuff.
And then I know that, uh, we have tapes of these conversations.
I know that... I mean, Thal doesn't have tapes, but I do.
And, uh, they'll be used when it's necessary against Tom Foucher.
I wish they'd make a new album.
Make Bob's Media Ecology III out of my phone calls to these guys.
You know, as he talks about how, well, uh...
Uh...
How Stang had said that Thal wouldn't return any calls.
And what a lie. I mean, of course he would.
I never said that Nelson Thal wouldn't return any calls.
I said Bob Chicken Dean wouldn't return any calls.
And he still hasn't.
The guy refu... You know, well, I don't blame him.
I would be damn scared to face what he'd be facing if he did.
Uh, but, uh, I mean...
I guess he'd just rather let the embarrassment pile up.
It's unbelievable.
Yeah, his producer, Nelson Thal, called us up and offered...
Here was the great deal, the wealth that Thal offered us.
He said that we could...
He would let us distribute his album.
You know, what a generous guy.
He would let us distribute it.
You know, and all we'd have to do is pay him.
I know that, uh, Thal then offered a certain deal to us.

And, uh, we were all in a lot of trouble with Reverend Stang that he turned down.
So, and he hung up on Thal.
So, it doesn't sound that he knows how to do business being a...
Thal is wealthy, but he's certainly willing to share the wealth if, uh, Stang knows how to deal with it.
But I...
Yeah...
I don't understand why he gets upset about the copyright,
because there is no problem and there's nothing about the Church subgenius on that CD.
Oh, no, no, nothing.
No, there's just mentions of slack.
And pinks.
And conspiracy in the excess.
That's about as close as you get to anything to do with the subgenius.
And the name of the Church of the subgenius.
Yeah, but there's, uh, no copyright on the English language.
I mean, slack is, uh, in Webster's, in the dictionary of slang.
So, uh, how could anybody, uh, say they own the word?
See, that's the problem with Stang's Church.
It presents slack as something easy.
And it's only been easy for myself over the last several lifetimes,
uh, because I had gotten it so long ago.
But for most pinks, and you are a pink,
you only recognize your subgenius as it's been sparked by Stang or this album or my talk.
You only begin to recognize the potential of the subgenius in you.
And you gotta work to get it.
I think I could probably get more slack by burning your book than by reading it.
No, I don't think you could.
This is a big opportunity.
Oh, thanks for the big opportunity, Bob.
Uh, one last little bit I'm gonna play for y'all.
And I want you to listen.
He has a problem here between we and them.
Or us and them.
He starts to say that we have this video out, but oh no, I don't know the people who did this video.
It's nice.
You ever watch Rush Limbo?
Or Limbaugh?
No.
That TV show?
No.
Yeah, he's an interesting guy to watch.
You ever read Camille Pallia?
No.
Did you ever read, uh, what, Linda LaRouche's stuff?
No.
What do you read?
You don't read much?
You know what we got a video of?
When I say we, I mean them.
They have a video out now for Everything's Disappeared.
Pretty good.
Based on their interpretation of my chart.
That's in the first CD.
But, you know, I guess you'll get it for free.
You know, you guys on the college network get a lot of things for free.
Part of having a radio show, you get things sent to you, right?
Yeah.
That's about all the slack I get, Bob, you know.
Yeah.
Well, you never know.
Now that you've paid for it, you know, maybe I'll call you and give you a free call sometime.
What a generous guy, you know.
As, um, Dad, who was, uh, doing the interview there, and Paul, we appreciate it, Dad.
That was wonderful.
Uh, Dad, at the end of his letter here, says,
Well, I suppose they think they're being really cool neoists by appropriating Bob's sacred name.
But in the long run, I think you protest too much, he tells me.
These guys are never going to get rich off recycling McLuhan, uber conspiracy drivel,
and the same wimpy disco tune with 17 different mixes.
No matter how much publicity they get in the short term.
He says, uh, you know, I'm sure you think it's pink to give this guy any publicity,
but I say let him spew.
Nobody gets, likes, or believes his message anyway.
Nobody I know.
And, uh, boy, it's true.
We've gotten a lot of mail from people who were angry at us thinking we were him.
And others who instantly realized the difference here.
Old Reverend Stark in, uh, New York says, uh,
I never could figure out what he was talking about on that stupid CD of his.
Now I know the reason was that my truly yetinsen brain cannot process this Glorp scum's insane babblings.
And it does get pretty insane.
It goes on and on and on and on and on.
And, friends, I don't know.
Uh, after this, he probably won't ever hear me mention Dean and his counterfeit garbage again.
I mean, after all the meanest thing I can do to a person who's too mean.
To forget him.
To ignore him.
To banish him from my thoughts entirely.
That's my prerogative as a truly great subgenius.
As every subgenius should see itself.
Uh, to cause others to cease to exist by ignoring him.
By really blowing him off.
Then they're relegated to the dustbin of the universe.
And until now, I've only felt that way about three people.
I can't remember who they are.
But now there's two more.
Two more people to whom my hate grew to a transcendent hate squared and thus doomed them forever to the garbage heap of subgenius history.
And I do mean forever.
We'll tolerate a lot.
But, uh, after we're pushed past the limit, that's it.
That's it.
Forever.
And ever.
And ever.
And, you know, the only...
I don't know.
Dad's observations calm me down quite a bit.
He pointed out that I have gotten too upset.
And how can we possibly worry about somebody whose imitation of us is so boring and irritating.
I mean, as boring and irritating as we are.
Just listen to that guy.
Although, you know...
And he also pointed out, after all, Bob Dean is a subgenius.
A bad subgenius.
A treacherous, misguided one.
More dangerous than a thousand pinks.
But you gotta give him credit.
No pink could lie.
Like Bob Dean.
Well, we have one message for Bob Dean.
Well, I knew J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And you, sir, are no J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Hey, your mother, your mother has been using my name for many years.
Come on over to my place.
I'll cut your belly open and make you look at all the boring tape you got in there.
I'll put the B.O.B. on both cheeks of your life.
On both cheeks.
You'll remember me for the rest of your life.
You'll be named after me for the rest of your life.
You see, friends, the difference is all these other artists that we've played in the past and will continue to play.
All of them except the Canadian False Bob seem to understand that this is a big collaborative project.
The Canadian counterfeiters didn't collaborate with us or with anybody else except by lying to them.
And they don't acknowledge that any other subgenius artists even exist.
I mean, they think that with their money they can blanket the media with PR that will somehow eclipse our 13 years worth of existence, books, radio shows, videos, etc.
But they don't have any of what makes this old.
This old church what it is, friends.
They're not angry.
They're not funny.
And they don't throw open their arms to any old weirdo who feels alone out there almost no matter how weird they are.
In fact, there's none of that.
There's just this endless spew of quotes from Marshall McLuhan and LaRouche and various other conspiracy crackpots.
And it's like the church of the sub McLuhan for intellectual conservatives.
And everybody else is cut out.
Forget any other subgenius artists or preachers or bands.
All those thousands of people who have been contributing to spreading Bob's hope for the weirdos.
Forget Bob himself, man.
This Bob Dean guy says he is Bob.
And you know, I'm beginning to wonder if he doesn't actually believe that.
We run into about one psycho a year who thinks he's Bob and Jesus combined.
And the difference is most of them are homeless people.
But this guy has a sugar daddy.
Nelson Thal.
Who seems to be a little too dense to see the mistake he's made.
He wanted to buy.
I think Thal wanted to buy himself a pet artist.
And the pet artist turned out to be a plagiarist.
But Thal didn't think anybody would care.
To actually press people who want to hear a less biased.
So I should talk to Negative Land or Steve Stein or for that matter anybody who's worked with these guys.
