Victory at all costs.
Victory in spite of all terror.
Victory, however long and hard the road may be.
For without victory, there is no survival.
John Sparty, you are fined one credit for violation of the verbal morality statute.
Wow! I feel good!
I knew that I would not.
I feel good!
I knew that I would not.
So good!
So good!
I got you!
Wow!
If you're nice,
sugar and spice.
I feel nice.
Sugar and spice.
So nice.
So nice.
I'm done.
I'm done.
Ladies and gentlemen, darkness seems to be falling about us
as the passengers are leaving.
The passengers approach the gate of death.
But everyone keeps moving along at a steady pace
as if there were a guiding light.
For they are proceeding without fear of any kind.
Bob's my friend
And he's leading me somewhere
Is he waiting there for me?
Is he waiting for me?
Bob's my friend
And he's leading me somewhere
What could be waiting there for me?
What's waiting for me?
Bob can stop the aliens from killing me
Stop the aliens from killing me
Bob can help me
He can help
But will he?
Will he help me?
Got to get to the bottom
Welcome to the subgenius radio show.

Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Subgenius Radio Show.
Subterranean desire.
This is an astonishing tape from the center of the earth.
Rated XXX.

Okay, now we go to page 15 of the script.
Okay, now we go to page 15 of the script.
If you're following along in our 18 by 24 foot page script,
If you're following along in our 18 by 24 foot page script,
if you're following along in our 18 by 24 foot page script,
it's hard to turn these pages.
I have no cause because I have a very long arm.
I have no cause because I have a very long arm.
Yeah.
It is only through a change in human consciousness
that the world will be transformed.

That the world will be transformed.
Castrate the masses
Castrate the masses
Castrate the masses
for the new shrinking world order.

The personal and the planetary are connected.
The personal and the planetary are connected.
As we expand our awareness of
body, mind, psyche and spirit
so also will the world be changed.

The human race is over.
The human race is over.
Castrate the masses.
Castrate the masses
Castrate the masses
Eliminate all gender
All hail the liberal agenda
The neo-nazi, sex offended
All human rights are hereby suspended
Cause it's over
The human race is hereby suspended

The neo-nazi, castrate the masses
Castrate the masses
This is our quest as we explore new dimensions.
Have you tried so many paths that you've become pathological?
Sampled so much personal growth that you're totally growthed out?
Do you think God probably loves you, but he's just not ready to make a commitment?
Do you think you might be confused, but you're not sure?
Do you think you might be confused, but you're not sure?
Well, stay tuned because we're about to speak with someone who can transform your depressing problems into laughing opportunities.
We've been reading that Bob is a joke that's been told too often.
That Bob isn't funny anymore.
That Bob should be more hip and less hype.
Oh dear listeners.
Oh dear listeners.
If you thought that Bob was a joke,
If you thought that Bob was a joke, that Bob was funny,
There's only one joke here and it's on you.
I'm talking to you.
Don't turn the radio off.
You know I'm talking to you.
You card-carrying members of the H.I.F.E.
First church of the cute and funny name of Bob.
The overweight, beer-drinking, thick-clenched, flabby-bellied boys clubs that have sprung up around the sublime philosophies of the church of the subgenius.
Sitting around wishing there were more girls interested in Bob.
When they've just done everything they can to make it completely uninteresting to the brilliant intellectual females who are surrounding them every day.
No, they sit around drinking beer and trying to think up ways to torment each other.
They ought to be out there kicking a few brains through their pinks.
Waking them up trying to stir them out of their lethargies.
To fist fight.
To push out a few dollars to send off to Dallas.
You can see I'm getting pretty fired up about this topic.
But these paid reviewers, these professional critics who get fat checks in the mail every month.
Every time they write a column tearing down something somebody else spent their whole lives trying to build up.
They've reached their pinnacle of creativity in destroying something somebody else dedicated their entire existence to.
And they get paid for it too.
Well if you don't think that's fair, well who said anything about fair in this world anyway?
I mean these people are, they don't care if it's Bob they're tearing down or if it's some other thing.
Some...
Something...
Silly or something important they just...
They gotta find some way of slamming everything that they see because let's face it friends.
They wouldn't be in that business if it wasn't for the fact that they're so insecure.
They just gotta stomp everything else down into the dirt.
So they can try to convince themselves that they're better than something at least.
When they look around the world and see how everything is going.
And how people are handsome and intelligent and competent.
And they're just twisted up for all soulless pitiful pimply faced hunchbacked four-eyed chinless scum sucking geeks.
Well naturally they got a slight inferiority complex.
Who wouldn't under those circumstances?
So you can't blame them for trying to tear down anything that might possibly make a difference in this world.
Including Bob and Bob is making a big difference.
The Church of the Subgenius why it saved more people from...
It's helped more...
Well it...
It's got more people to send one dollar to Box 1403-06 Dallas, Texas 75214.
Than virtually any other thing that there ever was.
Now you tell me that's not an achievement.
And these...
These people who sit around all day looking for...
Words that'll make big...
Things look little so they won't seem so little and...
And...
You know what I mean when I...
Just...
Just...
Send the dollar.
I got the number in my face.
Bob's my inner guide.
And he's leading my body.
He's even nice to my pets.
He's nice, he's nice to my...
Bob's that little voice.
And he's not just a dream now.
The mighty is who he is.
But...
But the aliens...
The aliens from killing me...
And their...
And their...
Excessive technology...
Oh yeah...
Oh yeah...
Can help me...
Oh yeah...
But will he...
He'll be...
He'll be...
Will I have to pay a fee?
Bobsy, Bobsy, Bobsy, Bobsy, Dobby, Dobby, Dobby, Dobby, Dobby...
Bobsy, Bobsy, Bobsy, Bobsy, Dobby, Dobby, Dobby, Dobby...
Who will dance with me?
Who will dance with me?
I'll dance in the mist...
Yee-haw!
Whee!
Oh dear friends...
Uh...
The Saigon twist there down at the end and...
What is this in the background?
Why it's Dallas's own...
The Potatoes.
And I guess it's time for...
With this lovely Nino Rota tune in the background...
Performed by the Potatoes...
We'll give some credits there...
Uh...
Uh...
Bob's my friend...
That last little song there by Dr. Onan Canobite...
This is a very Portlandian show...
Because the nice rant...
There about how Bob is not funny...
That was...
The great assassinated Nen Master...
Nen's Low...
Also a...
Portlandian...
And...
Oh!
There'll be more about the upcoming Universal Subgenius Pilgrimage Update Report Newsletter pretty soon...
We heard a little bit of material from a Swami beyond Ananda...
Or at least the introduction to him...
From some sort of tape somebody handed me at a convention somewhere...
The song...
The lovely song which you'll hear the end of soon...
Castrate the Masses...
Uh...
By uh...
John Bartels...
Our good friend John Bartels...
And uh...
Of course William Burroughs...
Doing...
I Feel Good...
The James Brown hit...
Actually that's not William Burroughs...
But a band called...
The Gomers...
Who do...
Among other things...
Uh...
Impressions of other rock stars...
Or famous people...
Doing...
Inappropriate tunes...
And we have...
Have a lot more of that coming up...
It's a beautiful, beautiful thing...
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music

Music
Music
Music
Music



Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
I guess you could say, zilch is the noise made by falling globs of plastic that descend
from a burning bread bag.
You take a bread bag or a laundry bag or something, hang it in your doorway, set it on fire over
a bowl of water, and as the fiery globules pass through the air they make this sound
in stereo.
Zilch environments there by the great Jay Condom.
But friends, to get to this short sermon tonight.
You know it's just plain nonsense.
It's plain true that you can't see your own eyes.
And it's just as true that you can't think about your own brain.
I was out taking my exercise today in beautiful weather once again and pondering the nature
of intelligence.
And lately this sort of thing has been leading me deeper and deeper into a bad rut.
The more I ponder, the grumpier I become.
I had...
Had lately, to tell the truth, gotten so cantankerous that I was analyzing everything
that anybody said for the basic motivation behind it.
Asking myself what made them say that just then?
What really?
And when you examine people that closely, you inevitably arrive at the realization that
every single thing that comes out of their foul traps is said just to make them feel
like they're...
They're so cool.
And that's disheartening, friend.
To know that nothing anybody says is for any loftier purpose than that.
But what's even worse was when I analyzed my own thoughts about the whole thing and
realized that if anything, my thinking of that was even more venal, petty, jealous,
and self-serving.
If you really listen to yourself talk.
You'll realize what trash is emitting from your filthy sewer all the time.
And it's really depressing.
Also, it can't help but start digging you into a rut that gets deeper and deeper and
more vindictive until it becomes just a vortex of bitterness.
Now I know that this hatefulness can't go on forever.
And soon I'll reach a new level of hate.
A sort of epiphany whereby I realize, or at least rationalize, some no-brainer.
Some no-brainer.
Maybe it's not that.
самыеündlassesotfeasturingsnotteamled plungwrplainsor barrierthere to be passed, and a new realization.
If so, I wish it would hurry up and get here, because for the time being, it still appears
to me that for the most part, all people are inherently mean and paranoid, or almost as
much so as I.
And besides, what is the purpose of all this, uh, knowing of what fools we mortals be?
Where does it get you?
The whole line of reasoning seems so fruitless, yet all too horribly true.
You end up thinking, why, only a genius would be able to analyze people and see through
their charades like this, but only an idiot would actually do so.
And that truly, friends, is the dichotomy of the subgenius right there, the subgenius
philosophy in action.
Actually it's the subgenius emergentiles philosophy.
Because the other type of subgenius, the rewardian, for them it's just the opposite.
They're the only ones brutish enough to actually do it, but are incapable of it due to laziness
and sloth.
And friend, if you're like me, you go through life sometimes feeling, oh, real smart, uh-huh,
like some kind of high school lawyer, knowing that by the sheer insightfulness of your mere
musings and opinions, you're going to be a fool. And that's the kind of thing that I'm


saying.
Being a fool is the best thing, knowing to actually accept the truth, and knowing to
accept it.

When you're a superior being, you're a superior being.
You're a superior being, you're a superior being.
But that notion is constantly being heartlessly dashed and shattered as you face proof after
proof that you're instead, merely stupid, and crazy.
The best thing is probably just to out-and-admit it.
I'll admit it, I'm stupid and crazy a lot of the time, and I'll bet, I hope that you
are too.

But at least, at least, we get to be super intelligent geniuses some of the time.
Probably just enough to be dangerous.
But the others, they don't even get that, my friends.
Let's put on something more somehow lively.
There, that's more traditional.
Anyway, that's the way of the subgenius, friends.
The philosophy of the subgenius simultaneously vauntingly wise and sickeningly puerile.
Thus, it's the most realistic philosophy because it's more like real life.
And yet, is it not also the curse of the subgenius to bear this knowledge that our way is as retarded as it is lofty?
Truly, as Saint Hyperclete's pointed out, you cannot think about your own brain.
The subgenius.
Sometimes I think the only answer is to move to Micronesia and carve dugout canoes for a living.
Seriously.
It'd be healthier, more slackful, and you'd get more reading done.
You could read every classic in the Micronesia library.
Enjoying the time to ponder the wisdom of the ages instead of having to hurriedly skim every new trendy article in every new trendy magazine.
All of it about trivial ephemeral fads with no bearing.
And you're not even thinking about basic human reality or the nature of the universe.
I don't know, friends.
I shouldn't even be talking about thinking about your own brain.
It's going to sound stupid no matter what.
Simply because I am a subgenius and because it is true.
It's kind of like the more I learn, friends, in all my travels and travails through life,
the less I'm inclined to say anything about any of it for that very reason.
I sure am.
I really don't want to presume to impart any serious philosophy.
And even if I were actually to have one,
I should think, I should think that the divine prank philosophy that we all share under dogs
should be sufficient unto the pathetic unhearing and uncomprehending ears of any human listeners,
or rather eavesdroppers, that we might have tonight.
So, um, let's just change the subject.
Uh, first of all, I'm not going to be talking about the divine prank philosophy.
But last week, we reeled off a long list of subgenii and rogue or renegade subgenii who died lately.
Kirby, Zappa, and so forth.
Well, this week it was Charles Bukowski, dead at the ripeness of 73,
proving, like Alistair Crowley and Keith Richards,
that Yul Gibbons and all those other anti-drug fanatics and health freaks,
are a bunch of chumps.
Zappa was famous for not touching illegal, dangerous drugs like marijuana.
He was a good boy.
He stuck with conspiracy street drugs like Winstons and coffee.
Lots of them.
And he died at 52.
Huh.
Um, but we must...
Actually, I should...
Well, I guess this music will do.
We have to add another name to the list, friends.
Robert Shea died this week of cancer.
And, uh, yeah, it's sad.
But this time it is actually very true.
Robert Shea was the co-author with Robert Anton Wilson of the groundbreaking Illuminatus trilogy,
which one might call the bedrock of quicksand upon which our own church was built.
And, uh, since that time...
I need to shut that.
That music's just...
I mean, this is...
This is serious.
Um, uh...
Yeah, Bob Shea's written a lot of fine books upholding the tradition of Illuminatus and so forth.
Ironically, while the rumor that Bob Wilson was dead was only a rumor,
this one is definitely not.
And, uh, I was, uh...
I've been lucky enough to sit and yak with Bob Shea several times in the last couple of years.
And he was a real nice guy.
On top of being, uh, you know, incredibly erudite and talented and...
Well, it's a bummer, friends, altogether.
It is indeed, uh, a bummer.
And, uh, however, I believe, I understand that, uh, uh, Pope Shea did indeed have religion after his own fashion.
And so has certainly gone to heaven or reincarnated or whatever.
Um, I'm afraid, uh...
That, uh, I won't be so lucky.
I can tell you that right now.
Because I don't believe in those things, friends.
You have to believe in heaven to go there.
And...
I don't know.
I'm just so grumpy lately that I don't believe in anything.
I just believe in me.
Yoko and me.
And Charlie Manson!
Yeah, Manson!
We were gonna free Manson, man!
Well, we forgot!
We were gonna free Manson!
We need to go back and do it!
Well, um, friends...
We're gonna find that tape we were playing, and, uh, we'll be right back after we free Charlie.
Thank you.
You're gonna dance with me, you're gonna dance with me, you're gonna walk through the night...
Our relationship is, our relationship is, our relationship is breaking down, breaking down.
Our relationship is breaking down, breaking down.
...
...
...

From my own arms,
I say, it always has been like this.
I will kiss you,
With my left side.
It's cake.
Who you know.
Wow!
I feel good!
I can feel that I'll walk...
...
I feel good
As I know that I want it
So good, so good I got you
So nice, so nice I got you
So good, so good I got you
It's a hard game today, today
Huh
Tell me
TAPE 174 MASTURBATION
Masturbation has been generally defined as self-induced sexual stimulation.
It's a very widespread and frequently occurring experience in both sexes.
It usually begins early and by when an infant finds touching certain parts of the body pleasurable.
In general, masturbation decreases when an adequate sex partner is found.
If a couple of green chocolate bars end up dieser age.
Should the吃 ganzi in your fault?
But remember,
Masturbation is not an endurance.
Masturbation 매� ABS strategy
Castrate the masses
Castrate the masses
Castrate the masses
Castrate the masses
Castrate the masses
No
Castrate the masses
Castrate the masses
thereby
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
And this song here.
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
Tom Superintendent, the great John Bartles.
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
John Bartles, the great John Bartles.
Oh, but the conspiracy won't agree,
never in a million years.
Suggesting life may have been
better back then is revisionism. Or could it be, could it be, that the conspiracy has something to
hide? What? You mean like lie or conspire to conceal the truth? Oh no, not our conspiracy-run
government. No, sir, say it ain't so. After all, we've grown up with the conspiracy. It practically
raised us like a farmer and his cattle. The conspiracy oversaw every stage of our development
since we were born. Granted, it castrated the uppity males and milked the rest of us dry through
toil and taxes, but hey, it's better than living in the wild. At least that's what we've always been
told. But consider, if you will, dear friends, the plight of the rabbit. Did you know that rabbits
forget how to dig tunnels after just one generation of captivity? It's true. Keep their parents locked
up in a cage for just one generation, and the offspring...
never learn how to burrow. In effect, they've become mentally dependent on their captors, though
physically they're the same as the rabbits that dug through the Stone Age. Only now, if they escaped,
they'd actually die, because they've lost their most basic knowledge of how to live free. It's a sad
truth, dear friends, but a plight not unique on two rabbits. Normal human beings depend on the
conspiracy more and more every day.
And wouldn't dream of living without it. Indeed, they couldn't dream of life without the conspiracy, because they've
literally forgotten what real independence is. All they know is captivity is safe, and freedom is risky. And, for the
most part, they're right. After all, what could possibly be safer than a nice, warm cage? So, let us not
die.


Be too harsh onto the normals, dear friends. After all, they don't know any better. They've been born and raised on the
conspiracy. It's only natural to assume they would become attached. But, by the same token, let not the wise among us
continue to perpetuate a myth which common sense dictates to be false. Because we have no excuse. We do know better.
We must proclaim the grim reality of the current situation. We must.
Face up to the ugly truth instated for all posterity. For this, dear friends, is no longer the land of the free and home of the brave. Instead, it has become a plantation owned and operated by fat, cat conspiracy overseers and worked by the most pathetic of all animal creatures. I'm talking about you and me.
The domesticated humans. Here endeth the word of Bob. Amen.
In recent years, a real mystery has grown up around the subject of feminine hygiene. Much of this is due to advertising of so-called hygiene products, which make us think that unless the American woman uses a particular deodorant or spray,
she is neither clean nor desirable.
And so she's the one that they they they drew blood out of her and her blood had crystals in it and it made the doctors and the nurses pass out. You didn't hear that story? No. No. They they she went in the hospital and she had cancer of some sort. And they they took blood out and they noticed she had crystallized blood or crystals in her blood. The Andromeda strain. And then yeah, that's what I was figuring. And then and then they passed out and like seven people got sick from just being exposed to the
blood crystals. Yeah. My God. So sick. But I was thinking I was saying definitely alien gulfs the world. But were they blood crystals? Make were they? She was either an an abduction experiment, I figured, you know, and then placed back down on Earth. Right. Or or she's an alien who's who's human assimilation system or Haas, as we know it, failed. Haas failed. Not to talk over the heads of the listeners. Well, you scraped a little niche in my area.
Sales in Sterno should go up because, you know, the only way to avoid that blood crystallization virus is to drink Sterno. Oh, we're not telling anybody. Don't get us wrong, listeners. We're not advocating the drinking of Sterno or becoming Sterno bums. It's worked for some of us, but we're not advocating this. It's just in case you get the virus where your blood crystallizes and the doctors and nurses all puke. Oh, and by the way, one of your sawdust. One to three Americans die each day in hospitals.
Due to medication errors or mix. How many? One in one to three. Oh, that's in each and every hospital.
That's acceptable. Just a mistake. A lot of people die. One lady.
Judge Carlin has a list of people, types of people you should never trust.
Brain surgeons who've won to lose tattooed on their arm.
Airline pilots with one black shoe and one brown one.
Lawyers who refer to the police as the federales.
Pimps who drive Toyota Corollas.
And anybody who mentions Jesus 18 times in the first three minutes after you make the run.
And friends, that brings me to a place to cut in.
Actually, I guess I should do some credits here.
You just heard Robert Anton Wilson quoting George Carlin.
And it's true.
A little bit of brain rot radiation.
And I'm not sure if that's true.


There may be more.
There's hours more of that on tape.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Psychopath.
And Chaz.
Evil Chaz Smith.
Up from WCSB in Cleveland.
I'm working on a play called Brain Rot on X Day.
Someday we'll get it done and produced.
Sosodata sent us the interest.
We're going to get the interesting tapes of feminine hygiene.
And also the tape I'm about to play.
But I'll get to that in a minute.
Father Joe Mama there with a wonderful classic sermon on the domesticated human.
And I think that about covers it.
Well, what we've got here, this is an interesting...
Oh, it's a damning piece of tape.
Captured off the radio in New Jersey by the Sosodata technicians.
And it's...
Okay, I guess I should start at the beginning.
But not too far back in the beginning.
We at the Subgenius Foundation, and in fact all subgeniuses out there,
have been sadly ripped off by this twerp in Canada
who says he's our true guru, Bob Dobbs.
He's just a twerp.
He doesn't look like Bob.
Doesn't sound like Bob.
He made himself a little CD
that he's trying to sell.
Using Bob's name.
And he hasn't had much success.
So he started making...
He moved to New York apparently recently.
And has started making stupid, stupid prank calls
to WFMU, the noble station there in East Orange, New Jersey.
In fact, the first station to ever play subgenius tapes at all.
And the first one to carry the hour of slack outside of Dallas.
This is a recording of Bob's...
Bob Dean making stupid prank calls.
I mean, they're not even prank calls.
They don't...
They don't...
They haven't earned the hail name of true prank calls yet.
Calling the show of Chris T on WFMU.
Oh, you'll love this, friends.
Bye.
Bye.
Hello, welcome to the air.
Yeah, are you a holyopathic retrieval?
One of these days I'm going to find that man.
I'm going to...

I'm going to kick the livings out of him.
Oh, I should drop in and mention here that apparently this guy just every Wednesday or so,
whenever he can, he just hits redial over and over and over again.
They're in the middle of a...
It's a talk show that he interrupts.
And they usually have some interesting thing going.
They may not even be talking about Bob Dobbs, and yet it's still interesting.
But this guy just keeps...
Every time they pick up the phone, he goes,
Babs Media Ecology.
Which is the name of his stupid product.
And this was the longest time that they ever managed to keep him on the air, okay?
We'll continue now here.
The number here is 201-678-7743.
That man, he just better pray like he's never prayed before,
that I never, ever run into him.
Because it will not be good for him.
Hello, welcome to the air.
Yeah, are you...
Okay, the phone number here is 201-678-7743.
Listen to some music.
We'll be right back.
Hey, hello, welcome to the air.
Now, I know there's somebody there.
Hello, welcome to the air.
Yeah, Chris.
Chris, Babs Media Ecology.
You want to talk?
Yes, I do.
Actually, I would like to have you on my show,
but I don't think that you would ever come down here.
Oh, yeah, I do that.
I would like to have you down on the show and talk to you about this,
the topic that you feel so compelled...
Well, I'm Bob Dobbs.
Can you believe that?
Talking to you every Friday,
except for a month off in January to sell my...
Now, are you a guy that I heard Ivan Stang is suppressing a lawsuit against?
Did you do something that appropriated some Church of the...
some subgenius material,
and he's been trying to locate you so he could either press a suit against you or something?
There was something to that effect.
It had to do with a guy from Canada who's now living in the New York area,
and I was wondering if that was you,
if you're the fellow that Ivan Stang would like to get his hands on to sue.
Well, he's not...
Is that you, sir?
I mean, would you like to answer that question?
Oh, yeah, that's me.
That is you?
Yep.
Okay, and you're not willing to reveal who you are or where you are
because you know that it would involve some financial difficulty for you and or a lawsuit.
Well, it doesn't involve me.
I had nothing to do with the album.
The album, like his book, is an interpretation of me by Nelson Thal and Dave Neufeld.
He thought I had something to do with it, but it's just they distorted some of my...
It's true, though, that you are a Canadian,
and you are this person who has been appropriating material
and doesn't really have an original thought.
No, I pretend I'm a Canadian.
I was born in Paris in 1922.
I think, sir, that my whole audience can tell just from your accent that you're a Canadian.
No, that was my wife who was talking to you.
That was my wife.



My wife was talking to me back at Christmas.
From the fact that you have nothing better to do on Friday afternoon
than to call me up and say those three words...
And Wednesday afternoon.
I also call Wednesdays.
Well, it just shows the limit of your...
The total limit of your scope as a Canadian.
You really can think of nothing more to do than to call up someone's phone-in talk show.
Well, as a Tetrad manager, I refuse to live.
As a what?
As a Tetrad manager, I refuse to live.
I'm the opposite of Zappa, who said the present-day composer refused to die.
Well...
As a present-day, yestermorrow Tetrad manager, I refuse to live.
Have you ever really listened to yourself?
Have you ever really listened to the crap that you babble?
Well, it's not me.
I'm talking technically.
I'm talking technically.
Well, the thing is that you think you're really being witty.
And it's just the opposite.
There are people out there who are listening to you going,
what a dick this guy is.
Well, I'm not trying to be witty.
I'm doing Tetrad management.
It requires a four-part process.
You know, you can read it in McLuhan's book, Laws of Media.
That's what I do is I run the secret council of ten.
You know that.
It's not a process of humor.
Humor is a situation of laughing and learning.
Well, sir, my show would like to bring some of that to the people who listen to it.
And you're just dragging it down.
You bring nothing to this program whatsoever.
Well, it's like a Michael Taylor song, you know?
I have to go now.
Thank you.
I'm sorry I entertained that as long as I did.
Obviously, these people have never read the Bible.
I would not be surprised if God,
did not give some of these people some kind of a horrible disease.
Now, they think that this can't happen.
You better wake up, folks.
You that are planning these calls and that are mocking and making fun of God,
you are not above God's law.
Don't be surprised if God's judgment doesn't swoop down on you swift and fast.
Oh, we've been going through this all week.
I tell you, this has been, it's been a circus.
These, what we have done, and so many of these,
these calls are coming from the homosexual community.
And it's obvious when they call, you can tell.
They don't understand, see, Michael, that true Christian people,
that the gift of discerning of spirits begins to work,
and we pick up what they are.
Yeah.
And they don't understand that we are laughing at them,
but they are a stench in the nostrils of God.
Sing along.
I hate you, you hate me.
I guess that's the way it was meant to be,
because you were in the stars.
You be in my arms.
And I am something else.
No, we always know that you should run out of the way,
all the others,
and the devil about to hurt us.
That's what they're like.
Oh, a little Olo-T there in the background.
And, oh, do we have time?
Sure, we'll go for it.
Friends, this is Reverend Sheldon DeWare,
sort of covering some of a similar subject matter
we've somehow pried open.
Thank you.
Thank you, Sheldon!
Now tonight I'm here to tell you about religion and sales.
Now, Bob, as you may well know,
merged sales and religion back in 1953
with the founding of the Church of the Subgenius.
Praise Bob!
But, friends, when Bob did that, he wasn't doing anything new.
He was pointing out the obvious, my friends,
because religion has always been about sales.
20,000 years ago,

if you wanted to reign,
you went to a rain god,
and you paid for that reign
with your prayer, your faith,
and the charred flesh of your sacrifices.
But these days, my friends, religion is a bit more complicated.
As a matter of fact, it's more like that huge corporation
bending over you and bending you over all the time.
They want you just to be an employee
of the company.
Going to church is your job, my friends.
Well, you don't have to do that.
You don't have to work for religion.
You can buy from religion,
or you can invest in religion, my friends.
Every prayer that you make
is an investment to the god of your choice.
And now that you know this,
how do you make your best of it?
Well, since I'm a preacher
and a pastor,
I'm a spiritual stockbroker.
I can't tell you too much.
However, let me tell you one thing,
a little hint.
Diversify your stock, my friends.
Diversify your stock.
Because if you buy ten stocks,
and some of them suck,
the three remaining shall make you rich.
Still make you rich.
So worship all the gods that you can.
Jehovah One,
Eric,
the wrong friend,
Mohandas,
Nunu,
Narnini,
Jill Katz,
Eshersaw,
Arnold,
Moe,
Jimmy,
Bob!
Worship them!
So go out there
and do your due test
to become filthy rich in the hereafter.
Praise Bob, my friends.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Oh, yes indeed.
Our good friend there,
Reverend Sheldon De Ware,
from his tape,
Hangnail of the Stark Fist.
And talking about diversifying
your religious stock.
And we suggest that you do that.
Buy into any religion you want to.
Except that of the false Bob,
the false Canadian Bob.
He must die.
He must die forever and over and over again.
Sivit, why don't you come over here and help me give the post office box number?
We bring the kids in here every now and then to help clean up the tapes that spill all over the floor
after the Nurk twins heard in the background are through with them.
But I know that you want more information about this so-called church,
and you can sure get it for free.
Yes?
Well, the first hits for free.
It basically tells you a lot more that gets you in deeper and deeper.
All you have to do is drop us a self-addressed stamped envelope and write to Bob.
You got that pencil ready for the address?
Sivit, do you remember the address?
No.
No?
No.
Well, maybe if...
Are you sure you don't remember the address?
Yeah.
Fair enough.
Friends, that address to write to is, of course,
Bob at Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again, that's P.O. Box 140306.
Did I say that right?
140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
And I'm going to get us out of here.
Oh, we've got so much more brain rot.
And, oh, prank calls.
Oh, some new prank calls for next week from Radio Jihad in Austin.
And I should mention that our good friends, we're about to play in a minute, Lost Souls Incorporated,
will be doing a concert on April 1st.
No, I'm not kidding.
It really is April 1st.
A gig at the Commerce Street Bar, formerly the Profit Bar.
They're in Deep Ellum.
And, yes, at Lost Souls Incorporated, as heard.
Well, they've got a new sort of commercial-looking tape out titled, indeed, Lost Souls Incorporated.
Oh, here's their address.
Send inquiries to P.O. Box 121968.
Once again, Lost Souls at Box 121968, Arlington, Texas 760.
Our store, 112, and here it is.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.



.


.


and dreams
I was having the nightmare of the apocalypse
again
when you woke me with your phony bedside scream
they remind me
of a dinner bell still ringing
since Pavlov and his
dogs have had their day
we're drooling green and we
recycle everything
it's no one's fault there's nothing
new today
trying to steer the upside
of a down world
trying to ignore the entropy
trying to steer the upside
of a down world
talking about the 20th century
industrial
to information culture
from communist
to root of evil greed
the capitalists
gaining are still vultures
they smell a little blood
in a machine
trying to steer the upside
of a down world
trying to force down more than we can eat
trying to steer the upside
of a down world
still a little blood in our feet
upside
down world
fin de siècle
outside
down world
talking about
the end of the century
talking about the end of the century
talking about the end of this century
digital investigators
journalistic
horsemaster
wow
rebels
reviven

We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
They found a 300-year-old female skeleton that still has skin.
A much sought-after unpolluted air once in the coffin is gone,
but clues to what ended the woman's life may survive in her skin and hair,
preserved in a lead coffin.
NASA scientists from Langley, Virginia,
will continue searching for 17th century air in three lead coffins,
exhumed in 1990.
If modern air and water vapor have not seeped into the coffins,
the scientists can test.
They have their theory that human pollution has caused global warming.
In the deepness of the subterranean world,
a shallow fire satisfies some inquirers,
who, if two or three yards of the surface were to be digged up,
would not be content to rake in the bowels of profusely
or region toward the center.
Nature hath furnished one part of the earth and man another.
The treasures of time lie high.
There's no hospital.
There's no
But the practice of burning was also of great antiquity
and of no slender extent.
For not to derive the same from the Euclides,
examples exist in the annals of Gaul's days,
and in the same time in the annals of Spain's,
Sarmatians,
Swedes,
Mesopotamians,
Illyrians,
and even Americans.
And Cornelius Sallow burned the body of his son at Rome,
but manliest the consul didn't.
And so, well, that about wraps up another Happy Talk broadcast.
We are so full of you.
I hope we drank a lot of coffee and stayed up all night just to listen to this show.
Okay, now we're going to review a little bit of what we did,

the whole show for you now um well this is our ides of january show because of course
the ides of january is not the 15th as many people think but the 13th
since in the roman empire after the reformation of the julian calendar the ides of march
