Okay, now, show begins when base show time reaches the main show time, in case of the base show time or the stop show time.
And when the second show time reaches the... wait a minute, wait, that's this switch here. Okay, I think we're ready to go.
Let's go!
Let's go!
Welcome, dear friends, to the subgenius hour of...
What?
Ah, so nice out here in the little studio.
But that's a very funny reading on the scope. It's turbulent, it looks like a...
Anything wrong, Bobby?
It's spiral. What is that? You can identify it.
It's a local control panel sending out the wrong image to the show here.
Can we correct it for the...
Sure.
Long distance?
We've got to beef the energy up. You see, the entire show deadline caught me napping.
All right, we'll read it on the e-scope here.
Perfect concentration.
No distractions.
No anxiety.
No fear.

Greetings, my friends.
We are all interested in the future, for that is where you and I are going to spend the rest of our lives.
And remember, my friends, future events such as these will affect you in the future.
You are interested in the unknown, the mysterious, the unexplainable.
That is why you are here.
So in this violent city, Philadelphia, full of derelicts and drugs, just realize we're going to take it from you right there on home turf.
Which means that these tape recordings I'm making are for the sake of future history.
You're turning.
Future history, you said.
Future history.
I don't mind rerunning old shows, because they're good.
And they kind of go with the subgenius documentary movie that's out now on Amazon, YouTube, Roku, Voodoo Hulu, Netflix, etc., etc.
Or about to be.
See subgenius.com for details.
But I wish I didn't have to resort to reruns so many shows in a row.
You wouldn't think that sitting at a desk editing sound with a keyboard and mouse would be so easy.

You'd think that sitting at a desk editing sound would be so easy.
And it wouldn't.
Unless said back was injured and compromised to begin with.
By arthritis, in this case.
I've found in myself that, by Jove, I'm going to do only the bare necessities until the arbitrary date of November 10th.
Just the bare necessities.
Like filling salvation orders and processing reruns.
That requires plenty.
And I'm going to do it as much desk time as it is.
The rest of the time, I'm living a dog's life.
Literally.
With my two dogs.
Which is actually really slackful.
Because dogs sleep for 18 hours a day.
That poor Princess Wee is having to do all the stooping and toting.
For now.
I'll heal up.
But in the meantime, here's hour of slack number 65.
Digitized from the master tape from late 1980.
1986.
There's a note on the label that says, quote, good typical show, unquote.
I may remove some bits that were used in previous recent shows made from even older reruns.
These old shows, like the movie, are a real gas for me personally.
Because I was in the room when a whole lot of these events were recorded.
And they feature some of my oldest closest friends.
Most of whom are, strangely enough, still alive.
Praise Bob.
The world grows ever stranger.
And our traditional values seem to lose their meaning.
Thousands of Americans have rushed into the arms of bizarre religious cults to find a sense of spiritual security.
Perhaps the strangest of these cults is a little known group called the Church of the Sub-Genealogy.
It began in the heart of the Bible Belt in Dallas, Texas.
But its membership is spreading across the nation.
We at What's Up America, though not given to making predictions, feel that the Church of the Sub-Genius is surely the church of the future.
Or at least what's left of it.
We want God! We want God! We want God!
That's right.
Doug and his friends sell their particular brand of comedy.
In the form of pamphlets and magazines to anyone who has a buck or two.
The faithful.
When you first look at it, some people go, oh, I get it.
This is a take-off on weird cults and conspiracies and poops in general.
Then they look a little bit deeper and if they're really an attuned sort of person, then they realize, oh, I get it.
This really is a weird cult with cosmic wisdom and dogma.
But I've been reading all my way through it.
And I've been reading it for a while.
And that's when they're, usually when they write their first check to the Sub-Genius Foundation, that's when their luck begins to change, their finances improve and that kind of thing.
That's my friend, and he's leading me somewhere.
Oh, yes, Bob.
And where is Bob leading them?
Right now, it acts like it's going to make me weird.
Doug's been standing out in the sun for a while.

I'm going to be a marvelous time for people to put their hands on the radio.
Or if you have a stereo.
Ah, yes.
If you have a stereo, you could go out and put your hands on maybe one speaker.
Lay your hands down.
Lay your old lady, put it on another speaker.
On that radio or that tape recorder if you're listening.
Because that's where the real edge comes from.
Really, really sit close to it.
Feel those little molecules coming right out from Bob.
It's really marvelous.
Well, you're all done.
It's almost out of jack time.
And there's only one more.
There's only one Gary here.
It's a dramatic.
Two Dougs.
Eighteen dogs that everyone needs, right?
And the show with its own tuned out generation.
Yes, they're here too.
What's going on here?
I don't know.
Well, we're tuning in on you right now.
Well, let's hope for better flocking.
And there.
We're centered.
Oh, okay.
We're on lock.
Oh, okay.
We're all here.
We're all here.
We're all here.
We're all here.
We're all here.
We're all here.
There's got to be something we can do.
Now someone figure out what we're supposed to do.
On an interview show.
Hey, I don't want to listen to a recording.
I don't want to talk to somebody who's needed onions in the show.
Well there once was a man.
The world's greatest salesman.
And he had two thousand plans.
To give us that big of a deal.


I am on my feet
I am on my feet
He's gone
A martyr for the cause
For the fall
And he's coming again
Who knew that the first shot
Was gonna be the last shot
But he's got a hard drive
The gas won't go through the night
And although he may be hurt
He's gonna sweat
And it's coming again
He can save us from the many in black
With just a shot from his mighty side
If only he could make it sound
From the land of the dead
But until that happy day
We can only drink and say
For this my Lord
And he's coming again
I know he can make it
With a hit we can take it
We'll lose a piece of our lives
And sue the big boys and the whims
Until the day that he goes back
It'll be over
With no shot
For this my Lord
And he's coming again
For this my Lord
For this my Lord
For this my Lord
For this my Lord
And he's coming again
If we don't want the answers upon us
Then we need Bob to be honest
For this my Lord
For this my Lord
For this my Lord
And he's coming again
Great God Almighty
Great God Almighty
He's coming again
Whoo!
It's like Master Cleve in a spurious jive
You can win a date with this man
I'm gonna start all over again
I've got to start this damn show all over again
Hold on just a second
I can't leave this mobile studio out here with the lights on
There's always a light to the station
Light, light, light
Light, light, light

late late at least i've got this little portable thing so we can start the show whether i'm in the
studio or not and uh here we have the uh here we are finally in the uh canoen studios as you can
see oh oh the guard dog's trying to to get out um as you can see here i would be able to see if the
camera was working um this huge bank of uh cassette and reel-to-reel decks that are brought
in each night for the hour slack um by the the zombies by the very will o'dobbs um but uh tonight
i wanted to do a thing where i uh a little how-to bit you know a lot of people go how do you do this
hour slack thing man and uh
are going to make our Intro
we're going to show you these cidade
movies
we well
in the
we
in the
in
This booger has a 40,000K RAM and a 50,000K U.
Essentially, we just type in the script and fine-tune the machine
until we get the desired lifelike effect of human speech.
And we can program in the voices of any subgenius ranter.
We've got about 25 people in the files.
Well, we've been doing this for so long that we've built up quite a library of human-like vocal utterances.
And I will show you all...
Oh, shoot, we're going to have to tune this guy out here.
Hold on just a second.
And I'll show you how we do a sample hour of Slack show
without having to fly in people from all over the country.
Let's see.
We've got the...
First, we type in.
The message here on the computer.
I'll just show an example here.
And then we have to...
Hold on, I'm going to hurt your ears as I move you to the back of the computer
where you can hear the pre-processed sound.
This is what it sounds like before we actually add the human vocalizations.
This is the sole database, and we are converting it onto online data.
Convert to sub-entry mode.
And the database is transferred to the district memory by a general-plus computer.
And retrieve the line of radar by special-plus hardware.
These computers are the ones that can actually think.
So some experts still prefer to use the word mimic to human brain.
There. There we go.
Let's see.
See?
That part is easy.
That's the easy part.
Next, then, is select this little portion here.
And call that one Doug.
That will be the puzzling evidence voice.
And this section here will be the howl voice.
And now, see, we have these voices, digital samplings of these people's voices
in a huge database of syllables.
The tricky part is to...
Let's see.
We add here the human emphasis simulator.
With a pleasant and informative vocal tone.
And that'll take care of them.
See, now we add sound effects with fractalization.
And set the extemporaneous spinoff mode on at 75% speed.
Use the general knowledge access file for...
Now, this...
That is where we get the metaphorical bounce.
We call it.
So the voices appear to actually be interacting with the sound effects before they say it.
And so, let's...
Here, turn it on.
Listen to this.
You heard what it sounded like at first.
And here's the final version.
This is the show database.
And we're converting it onto online data.
Convote to sub-entry mode.
Then the database is transferred to the district memory by a general purpose computer.
And retrieved along a radar sweep line by...
Special purpose hardware.
These computers are the ones that can actually think.
Though some experts still prefer to use the word mimic.
The human brain.
That means this bird is in your brain.
Or, contrary-wise, that large brain is now inside a bird.
Some birds are little more than nature's flying brains.
Bowing me.
Bowing away.
Virtually nothing else exists in these organisms except a large brain and a pair of wings to steer it about through its environment.
How fun.
Natural selection has reduced this creature to its present-day grotesque appearance.
But a perfect example of adaptability and evolutionary speciation in the marvelous Darwinian tapestry we call life.
Awesome.
Total
We get the brakes and I stab
God is always superstar.
Now what would you like?
Or a 72ullenbagai

For some reason here, I want to watch the FJ yangal quer iker
like a pianist

You just heard from Puzzling Evidence,
and this garage here is the Tri-Centennial Drag by Patrick Vian.
Thanks to Doug Vinsel out there, our only listener in Nebraska.
Nebraska.
Nebraska.
Nebraska.
Oh, boy.
Well, that's life in America with the Tri-Centennial Drag, Patrick Vian,
whoever that is.
Yes, yes, yes.
Sirens, emergency sirens and parades.
Only cost $1,000.

Only cost $5 per second to live in America.
Captain Spock, side 8453.
What?
Don't you grab your next time.
Are you going to ask us for guys?
Well, we don't want to go that direction, man.
Let's, uh...
The following tape,
Doctors for Wotan compilation album number 2,
is copyright 1981 by the Subgenius Foundation.
For the best quality music, visit the link in the description.
I'm out of tape.
I'm out of tape.
I'm out of tape.
I'm out of tape.
This has been, Puzzling Evidence, tape number 137.
I'm sorry.
The Momentary Relief Facility Answering System.
A delusion of opco.
We can help you out.
We can help you out.
If y'all ever wondered what a Doctors for Wotan album sounded like,
that's what you're listening to.
This is the end of Doctors for Wotan for tonight.
We're glad you came tonight, and we really hope you enjoyed the show.
Come back next week and bring all your friends
and bring lots of money with you because we're going to have lots of drugs,
and we're going to have lots of subgenius paraphernalia to sell you.
We've got T-shirts, bumper stickers, buttons, everything you can think of.
Anything you want to spend your money on, we've got it.
It's got Bob's face on it, so send your money right now.
And anything with Bob's face on it, we know you want
because you want to put it to your collection.
You know you're going to be wanting so much money someday,
and you really want to add to everything.
You've seen how the collector's out of status might be having some money.
And if you send your money now,
we'll give you lifetime honorary overman status for only $1,000 today.
So, really, that's a bargain at half the price.
And I want you to know, you know, even if you wanted to pay $500, it would be really good.
But, if you want to...
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
Drs. for Wotan was the band that Philo and Drs. for Bob and I formed.
At first, we only used children's toy instruments.
That was our rules for play.
It later evolved into, after Philo left town,
. . .
for Dinosaurs started up, which was Butt Naked's anti-music doctor band.
Listen to that.
The Wonderful Den.
Like a million tormented souls in hell, dear friends.
We were really mad when we first heard The Residence.
The Residence.
Remember, Wilbur, I got this call from you.
We often find that we're able to, once they join up,
we're able to get them off to one of our subgenius retreats,
change their diet, start feeding them propaganda,
repeating the same thing over and over again until they forget who they are
and start responding only to our dogma.
Marvelous.
The smell of success is never too sweet.
I think we're being sold a bill.
Big bill of good.
Oh, yes.
Odin.
Oh, Odin.
Yah.
Oh.
Oh.
Yah.
I was then told by this man to play this music on a piano
and bring it to the attention of the people here on Earth.
I never before knew how to play the piano
and yet it seems that some strange force guides my fingers
to play the music that I heard in the cavern.
And that's how a doctor band went, right?
What is that noise?
It's anti-music.
Really?
I'm going to end up at these doctors for low-tan things.
God, man.
I hate this.
On an interview show.
Hey, I don't want to listen to a recording.
I want to talk to somebody who's doing an onion show.
Who am I speaking to?
Am I speaking to another TV recording, or am I speaking to the real McCormick?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Am I talking to a tape-recorded voice, or am I talking to a real flesh-and-blood-breathing human being?
Yes, you are.
Are you talking to a recording of yourself?
This is me?
Yes.
We're all you.
I never sound like this.
I am.
You are asleep.
But I'm using the puzzling evidence voice because it saves on batteries while I think with your brain.
Well, I've seen that so-called puzzling evidence before, and it may be puzzling where it comes from,
but as far as I'm concerned, it's just a lot of the same hoopla.
I don't know if they've been feeding us all these years.
I agree.
The philosophy of the church is all the same.
Somebody ought to do something about this business before it gets completely out of hand.
Well, you did something. You bought a radio.
Yes, I...
It's so hard to tell which is real and which is false here at the studio. I know.
Well, that kind of thing doesn't bother me. What I want to know is, when I talk to somebody, is he real when I'm talking to him?
Only when you're talking to him is he real. When he tries to answer, he becomes tape again.
You must be in the Twilight Zone, or the listener zone.
I'm just trying to get a better reception here, but, uh...
It's a little late for that, don't you think?
Well, that's a little bit better, but it's still nothing to write home about.
I've been trying to fix this TV machine for the past half hour, and I can't get a better reception.
I'm hoping you won't write home about this.
It's too late. The weather is already getting late.
I understand. Electronic transmissions and the speed at which our world moves.
Well, I'm sorry to tell you, then, but your whole family has been destroyed, and now you're...
Oh, Joel!
Yes, we had to intercept that message on the way there, and this was the only way.
Yes, well, I think it's about time that we discontinue this conversation.
I know what I'm being made a fool of, and I, for one, don't intend to stand for it one more time.
Just tune me out. Me neither.
That's the way you're going to go about it. I suppose that's all that can be said.
And how many dinosaurs did he represent in those thoughts tonight?
Yes!
For those who understand implicitly the confusion...
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
The yes involved in the show.
Oh, my God. Is this for real?
No, no, no. This is just a tape. Relax. It is not the day before or the week between. It's just the show.
Yes. Yes.
If we could get back to Bob, I think...
Oh, Bob.
Bob is the more important...
I tend to forget that so many people are still unsaved, and still don't even know who they are.

who have never heard the first mention of the divine word of Bob.
All right.
Bob was born, I guess we're not sure of his age.
He's as old as the mountains and yet as young as the hills.
River deep and mountain high.
Yeah.
Bob was born with a gift for sails, a mystic sails ability,
and has always had an intuitive grasp on that essence of relaxation we call slack.
But at the age of six, Bob was a millionaire.
He sold condoms to high school students.
He was an alcoholic at the age of eight, lost everything, and then built it back up again.
He's been in the shoes of the prisoner.
He's been in the shoes of the junkie, the drug addict, and the politician.
The adulterer.
Yeah.
He's definitely been in the shoes of the adulterer.
We're constantly being barraged by,
people threatening to sue us, claiming that they're bastard sons of Bob.
Fraternity suits against the church, huh?
Right.
Well, against Bob, not against the church or the foundation,
but against Bob, his holy self.
His holy bad self.
Yeah, there's a good Bob and there's a bad Bob.
That's an important thing to remember.
People mindlessly follow Bob at times without realizing that they're opening themselves up to forces
that they may not have complete control over.
So, right in your own home.

Right in your own home.
And now!
.
Now you can have.
Now you can have.
Now you can have this amazing new symphony.
.
You cannot! You cannot!
.
.
To create a mighty symphony of prosperity.

Oh, prosperity, dear friends.
That's, uh, what is this?
I'll have to shut it off to check it.
A snake oil symphony by Daniel Stevens Cra...
Steven Crafts.
Daniel Steven Crafts.
And I don't think you can get that one on record either.
I think it's just a tape.
.
.


.
.


.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
. . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
which destroyed the Earth and sparked the Great Migrations.
No longer in control, but fighting desperately to regain their lost empire.
House Wellman, headquartered on the man-made planet of Ease,
but with most other worlds partially dependent upon their scientific and technological works.
This is a civilization of secretive technocrats
who alone possess the profitable mechanics of time reversion.
House Drummond and the Paysar and Armat legions,
a culture based on the red planet Mars and dedicated to war and domination.
Baron Philo von Nege is the jaded dictator over an uncountable army of sadists,
all driven by a survival of the fittest philosophy
which gives them absolutely no compunction about meeting out the, quote, slaughter of justice.
Painful waking surgery performed by these priests
can render anyone a mindless zombie in their power.
The Benes.
Planet Tevisit.
Conspiracy of female witches dating back to pagan times.
Controlled by a siren-like, all-powerful female intelligence, or ooze essence.
Sex guild of house kickhavers.
Venus is inhabited by this race of sensualist entities.
Once human, they now are mutated creatures consisting primarily of a brain, mouth, and sexual organs.
Their powers of psychic infiltration threatens the downfall of the other planetary kingdoms.
The drones of this Venusian master race pilot space-bending interplanetary craft called heads,
upon which all others except House Wellman depend on space travel.
Myorites, an unpredictable sect of athlete sorcerers,
also called the Brothers of the Pipe, famed for their skills in the arts of love.
They have prehensile penises with a literal third eye on the tip.
Mercury is inhabited by titanic creatures called Halrabasaurs.
Mindless reptilian dragons that were once human fraught priests in distant antiquity,
but after the migrations gradually self-mutated into the monstrous heat monsters of today.
Their internal metabolism, however, is such that they excrete the fraught essence as a waste byproduct.
This is harvested at great risk by the Gabrogfranians,
a primitive but incredibly daring race of space nomads.
The Duncans, all cloned from the same era, are the only ones who have the ability to do so.
The same men for the last three thousand generations.
This small but powerful clique of born criminals are lords over a huge armed force of female Amazons,
feared for their quasi-magic sexual abilities, and also shunned for their legendary perversions.
Trevenists, descendants of the few remaining normal humans who managed to escape the Harvest,
a genocidal war shortly before the Great Cataclysm.
These are a set of creatures that have been killed by the Great Cataclysm.
They are sinister devil-worshippers who use black magic and conjure up demons called Jizai.
The story concerns a strange young man called Ba-Dods,
born a lowly Trevenist, but later adopted by a band of Gabrogfranian warriors,
and later sold to the Paysai Anarmat army.
Almost retarded in his innocence, he seems to possess a vague memory of limitless past lives.
This gives him a power of clairvoyance and a form of luck-shell,
which brings him to the attention of the competing Great Houses.
He becomes a pawn in their vicious conflicts,
until he discovers a power undreamed of by the evil ones who seek to control him.
Dear friend,
If you will all leave the explains this evening,
do you plan on then leaving this beautiful studios from being forgotten
to the night of the Supreme,


law in which his wealth of curriculum once winded your free will to buy pot Tahiti
which is now bringing theổi
to the Ain Yinaあ
and avis
Library, 1515 Young in Dallas, will take place during regular library hours from January 12th
through February 22nd, 1987. The exhibit documents cases of censorship of books in libraries in the
last 10 years. Copies of the banned books will be available for everyone to page through at their
leisure. For more information, call 749-4100 to see those banned books, dear friends, and see what
was so ugly and scary and evil that they had to be taken from the shelves so that people couldn't
look at them. Evil, evil books like Huckleberry Finn, Catcher in the Rye. Oh, there's some nasty,
nasty stuff in there that we better be afraid of because Jesus might not like us reading it.
But how would we know Jesus isn't around anymore? We have to just look deep into our hearts and
yes, I think I hear him coming. Jesus, he's coming up from below. He should be coming from above. I
don't understand. This is...
With the key of imagination. Now, 25 years later, join us for the Twilight Zone Silver
Anniversary Special.
Also tonight, many merchants in Brooklyn suddenly find their goods piled up in the street and
explorers discover a tribe on the other side of the world its members thought they were the only people
on earth. Tom, we already have bacon for extra sizzle. First of all, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania has
one of the key telephone centers in the Northeast. You knock that out, you knock out all the telephones
in the Northeast. We've been having telephone blackouts all over the country for the last
three months. They're going totally on public signs.
Yes, we're having a little difficulty with this line. One of our guests here made the suggestion. I think he's being a little
facetious, but I'm wondering what you thought about it.
He claims that maybe the...
Thanks for the introduction, Mr. Anderson. You can stay with us for right now.
Now, Doctor, I think we should return to the basic finances of the church and just who owns the church and what we can do with what's left of the church.
Right. Well, Ivan's staying no longer owns the church. Bob still has the foundation, but we've got papers on there.
All right. Hold on here. Hold on. Wait a minute. What we also can talk about, of course, is...
What we can do with the church now that what's left is still here and breathing.
Well, we can give it away or we can just let someone take the church.
See, what I think is the people don't realize that the church takes two rooms to keep and grow in your house.
At least two.
And the maintenance involved takes up most of the week anyway.
And it does not run on unleaded. I'm sorry.
So...
Made a big noise about wanting to know the truth.
I'd probably get in and say you want the church. If you don't have at least two good-sized rooms in your house...
Yes, at least two good-sized rooms and a lot of money.
And a lot of...
And neighbors that don't mind Wotan showing up in the middle of the night.
Right. And you need stamps and gummage.
Get the idea?
Or kill me! Or kill me! Now!
And the guy, he got to the point where the guy he was bothering pulled out a .32 and let him have it.
And at which point the bullet hit him square in the chest and went through his lung and came out his back.
But instead of falling on the ground, he walked back in the bar and ordered a drink.
And he got the idea.
Or kill me!
Now! Now!
Let's have a body count!
Let's have a body count!
None dead! It's a miracle! Friends, it's a miracle!
Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Bob!
I'm having a baby!
She's having a kid baby!
There's dollar bills in their mouth!
They're puking up dollar bills, doctor!
Where are those dollar bills coming from, doctor?
What's going on?
My key won't fit!
I lost my key!
My tire's flat!
My tire's flat!
Well, hello, cats and kitties out there in subgenius land.
This is the Too Cool Fool coming to you from Oakland, California, saying,
I send all of my dollars to the churches of genius in Dallas, Texas.
Why don't you do the same, too?
Thanks, Bob.
Hi. Hi and welcome to Jazz Hour.
Well today, we've got a nice prize for you.
If you win, you get an executive roomie breakthrough of the decade.
You get Exec-Unique.
The automated barber and appraiser.
box that uses new robot technology to make sure your hair is precisely parted in the same place
every morning no successful executive wants colleagues or competitors cracking hey your
hair looks funny today clamped over your head without discomfort and without wires works in
less than a minute you place the part exactly where you want it electronic memory then repeats
the part every time within 0.0001 millimeters of accuracy not a novelty not a toy but a high
precision machine developing constantly for the world's leading barbers storage box levels in the
white cabinet and don't forget the advanced engineering distinguishing the handsome set
of objective bagpipes and we can show you here precision gas and spacious durable portable enough
to stow under the airline seat executive and exclusive magic lung holds up to five minutes
freeze your hands for important paperwork special
by stuart madonna
this your mind is no longer your own
you do what you do
you do what you do as you want
to do
no i don't believe the not charges of brainwashing
i do
you do what you do
you don't use the hand
techniques
you do what you do
you can you watch your
life
hey robert tucker wake up man wake up send some money to the church pal i mean come on get it together
actually you got to send money to cano in that's the that's the only people you have to send money to but it's very important that you do that those of you who have not mailed in your pledges yet you're excommunicated even if you're not a member yet that's it i'm gonna have to pull a damn gene scott thing here i guess
oh it's a myth
oh
here come on
here come on
here come on
here come on
dear friends i haven't gotten any more
entries in the win a date with cleve contest
you gals
this is for gals only
you do want a date with cleve
with brother cleve duncan
that great good hymn master
raping subgenius saint
so uh
Tell us why in an essay of 25,000 words or less,
why you deserve the date with Cleve,
why you are better for Cleve than any other fellow Yeti female.
And, friends, Dr. Sternokekever called me up the other night
about two hours after he'd had a vasectomy,
a very difficult vasectomy, it seems,
because, well, the doctor said his vas deferens was elusive.
And I've heard the same thing from some of the other subgenius males
who've been fixed like this, and it makes us wonder.
You know, somebody ought to do a study on this,
a careful scientific study.
Do we Yetinsen, we descendants of the noble Himalayan Yeti,
is our vas deferens?
Is our vas deferens really that different from the humans?
Is this one way that we can, say, check a body
to see whether it was of human or subgenius origin?
Well, we'll see. We shall certainly see.
The vast difference, friends.
The vast deferens.
Stamps and gummage, yes.
Lots of stamps and gummage.
Sign here, please.
Okay.
Sign here.
I don't have any stamps and gummage.
Wait a minute.
Thank you very much.
The world is over now.
You can return to your van.
Wow!
We're trying.
Well...
We're not trying hard enough.
Send us more money.
Yeah, more money.
How much would you like?
Uh, well, $50,000, would you say that would do it?
Uh, check for the math.
All right, thank you.
You're welcome.
You can expect yours.
Go.
Put it on the automatic.
Willie Nelson.
Put it there.

The automatic Bob Nelson.
Turn myself on.
Yes, okay.
Where's my thesaurus?
Ricky, let's see.
Here, Bob, here's your hat.
Put this part on.
Here we go.
Now, get...
Drive this station down Shattuck Avenue.
We're gonna stop.
Ain't got no spare.
We haven't got a spare for this program.
We don't have a jack for this program.
We don't even have any hydraulic foil for this program.
We're just gonna drive until this program caves in.
Go and go.
Welcome.
I just wanted to say that Bob absolutely saved my life, and I'm so glad you're here.
And I'm pregnant with golden youth clout.
Hoped my baby would never need anything to hear.
Let me ask you something size, prepare yourself.
We're gonna do it again when we have time.
We're gonna get the 51s.
6, 5, 6, 5.
Go ahead.

Stop the car.
and subgeni.
And yes, I'm proud to say
that I'm a proudful bastard
compared to most of these pink boys,
and so should you,
the true mutants out there, also be.
What's ironic, friends,
is that the ones who most appreciate Slack,
us,
are actually the hardest workers.
And that sounds odd,
because, you know,
your true subgenius is into Slack,
but we are always game
to go the distance.
Whereas your pink boy,
they only care about money and status,
and generally, believe it or not,
are actually lazier than us,
in a certain way,
in the way that they're comfortable
with bland work and bland relaxation.
Their range of feeling, dear friends,
is limited.
And when they see either fun or anger
unleashed at a subgenius level,
it scares them to death.
That's why J.R. Bob Dobbs
said, and I paraphrase,
act like a dumbass
and they'll treat you like an equal.
They can't really understand Slack, friends,
because they also can't understand real work.
The only time they're called upon
to stretch their abilities
is when they're forced to work
with the subgenius.
Because the subgenius is always looking
for ways to improve things,
or, you know,
to somehow cut through the trivial crap
and add a bit of excitement,
if possible,
to anything in any way possible.
He is compelled, dear friends,
to customize the world around him.
Now, pigs can't learn the way we can.
They actually want to be told what to do
as a result,
but only by somebody with
quote,
authority,
unquote,
meaning, in their case,
somebody with more money or status than them.
Now, they're the ones that are compelled
to measure IQs,
but they really do so in monetary units,
and not in the depth of meaning
and fun and slack
and great squirts like we do.
So the idea of modifying the world around them
is an alien concept to them.
Though they'll modify things
according to the plan of a rich subgenius,
but they'll never take such a thing upon themselves
because they fear responsibility.
Now, your subgenius will take the rap like a man,
but a pig will go to the,
trouble a joinin',
a lynch mob,
just to avoid admittin' that he might've goofed.
Now, where that becomes a bit dangerous
is when the safety of the entire planet is threatened,
such as it is now.
They can't feel responsibility for their own actions,
much less the planet,
so they call us kooks
if we dare to so much as cry out
about how bad things really are.
Now, your pink boy believes in positive thinking.
Ooh, positive thinking.
They don't.
They don't want to ask questions.
They don't want to face the possible problems.
And they get really upset, dear friends,
if you ask them to double-check something,
because that implies that they might be doing something wrong.
They call us paranoid.
And then when our dire predictions
and unheeded warnings come true,
oh, they very conveniently forget you ever said it.
And when you ask them to speak a little louder,
well, that's when they kind of mumble a little more softly,
because they live in fear, my friends,
in ulcer-ridden fear.
Fear of what others might think.
Now, subgeniuses are themselves into blowing things off.
Praise Bob.
But we do so before telling everybody we're going to do it.
With your pink,
well, they'll tell you they're going to do something first
and then blow it off.
And I hope some of the video disco folks are listening.
Now, I'm aware that even couched in polite language like this,
what I'm saying may sound unbelievably nasty and arrogant.
Once again, I'll reiterate,
that a subgenius can be dumb, very dumb.
But the ways we apply what little brains we have
is vastly more beneficial, friends,
than the jealous pursuits to which the terrified pink rabbit boy people
apply their boundless intelligence and sophistication.
So, your pinks are always good.
They're great at acting smart.
They can impeccably do things.
They can impeccably imitate styles that a subgenius would never bother with.
Pinkness especially lends itself to that grim, concerned, intellectual facade.
That's one of the easiest poses in the world, friend.
Let your rude, humorless behavior imply that you're brilliant
without ever actually doing anything to prove it.
And this works for them because their fellow pinks fall for it so easily.
Now, subgeniuses can be,
what are called geniuses.
Albert Einstein was undoubtedly a subgenius.
He could barely tie his shoes till he was ten.
The guys who invented nuclear power and the nuclear weapons were subgeniuses,
but the ones who deployed them were pinks.
And you notice that those subs took the blame willingly.
They were the biggest opponents to the bomb once they found out what the pink bureaucrats,
politicians,
and club owners had in mind for it.
How can I be so mean and vengeful, dear friends?
Well, it's my job to verbalize common subgenius feelings where possible,
and I'd rather pee off a bunch of pink boys
than let my less confident fellow subs go on feeling vaguely guilty
because they have the fairness to be a little unsure if maybe the pinks aren't right.
And I'm just reminding you, friends, they aren't.
There just happens to be more of them.
So the best way to look at them is as an unfortunate fact of life,
a force of nature like a drought.
You can't teach a pink boy to think.
My wife is a teacher, and she's been trying to do that for years to her utter frustration.
Personally, I feel like they're better swayed through entertainment.
Their lives are dedicated to imitating the characters they see on TV.
We can only try to feed them.

We can only feed these poor creatures new myths that will sink into their minds.
Not only is it a safer way to do it, but it's more effective and profitable.
Pinks worship entertainers, dear friends.
Their status system is remarkably easy to manipulate if you apply yourself to doing so.
The Subgenius Foundation, in the service of Bob, does this,
but only in an IFR game.
Because it's a little distasteful.
Because it's so easy, dear friends.
It's false slack.
And that's seductive.
Their idea of professionalism is to stick to what they know works.
The subgenius idea of professionalism is to see what else might work.
Bold surrealists we are, dear friends.
Bold surrealists.
It could be a classic beautiful world of pure slack and hedonistic pleasures for all of us.
Instead, it's a jumbled mess of pink poop.
Let there be slack.
Just the way I did when I tried my first smoke.
I thought I'd seen everything.
We're stuck up here. We ain't moving.
It only seems that way. Matter of fact, we're traveling thousands of miles per hour.
Cut out your gyros.
Hey, but it's okay. Go ahead, Oit.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Okay.
Go ahead, Oit.
Okay.
The people of the world congratulate you for your epic making achievement.
Oh, thank you.
Good afternoon, dear.
You're welcome.
And well be for a couple more days.
It's nighttime here.
This is great and wonderful news for the people of the earth.
All right.
That's a standing rule for everybody.
Yes.
No beer, no babes, no baseball.
Yes.
Meanwhile, we go back to the ship and strip off everything we can.
What? Tell us that. We're stripped.
No. Anybody, anything in his pockets?
We're stripped. Absolutely.
Got it.
Are you all right?
Whoa. That was, oh, thanks to Gary Waller for that little piece there.
I'm from San Francisco, California, and we don't know how to kill presidents there.
We sure as got to kill Bob.
Those San Francisco guys.
You think you have his corpse here?
We think we have his corpse there.
We have definite proof that we have Bob's corpse still within Berkeley city limits.
I know you're used to Narnini, New New, Bob.
We have different deities in California.
We worship little green deities.
We worship little green deities.
We worship little green deities.
Several peace offers from Bob.
Strong1
Classics

Big










on the stage with your audience?
For instance,
you know, is it really
spoon bending and guitar bending
or is it a trick?
Just simply a
trick, a magician's
trick, props,
special effects.
Well, you know, we...
Where do you really claim to have superhuman
powers, like your fans say?
We invite those people to
totally open their minds
and to allow
themselves to experience
Open your minds, friends.
Open your minds
like the swinging love corpses do.
See where we are here.
Yes, we're coming near
the end of an hour, one
hour of slack.
Oh, yes, the sex pistols
here.
I guess that's Sid Vicious'
version of My Way.
I came in peace
of winter and
certain
I live
a life that's full
of
a voyage
and every
highway
and more
much more than
this
I will admire.
I will admire.
Regrets
are better few
but then again
to give
some rest
to
a debt
for I had to do
and so it
proved
that I'm not
without exception
aut plutôt
it's just
a plot
all
One

Instagramchat 1
Shinsaibase5159.00 dads who have more than this are born the wars. K głos a dakamuiway those of just this kesui tank boss steam. Exactly how many books are being Nexus Camỗs is one essence of corikka and oats in gitem женщинах taro continues to sing 89 like God is coming by his side kinddo to warn the fornicator And Roy has love today last night when his member crash yeah well as a man I'm very screwdriver enough to take, a till the direction that I'm telling you, lives a lot bigger in vergust Hao He is strong man sauces a lot of summer time and signatures are no longer organized in country, populated in pergiaca Fractionsal dress job ng, na collla nor fry
You knew when they was fucked
Like I left the deal
You knew when they was down
I shot it up
I kicked his ass
I made the walls
I did it my way
