No one can do it better.
Kick it!
Another UFO sighting.
This one, front page headlights.
Another hour of slack.
Another small, dedicated moment of misery.
As the turtles melt into the river.
And now a satanic Elvis arrives in his UFO.
His skin is so blue like Krishna.
Why not make some coffee to keep them all happy while I think of something?
Coffee?
Coffee break!
Nice hot espresso enema for yourself.
I mean, Mr. King.
Coffee can only make me nervous when I drink it.
You look like a man who could use more coffee.
Free coffee is a constitutional right.
You got any coffee?
Coffee?
Yeah, coffee.
No, I don't drink coffee.
That, sir, is illogical.
Nothing like a great cup of black coffee.
How to drink coffee, sir?
Hit yourself over the head with a baseball bat.
Would you please?
Yes, sir.
I'll just have a coffee, thanks.
Everybody take coffee.
Now.
Move!
Damn, Jimmy.
This is serious gourmet.
Mob.
It's the best, man.
I got it from a stank.
My advice to you.
Start drinking.
Drinking heavily.
What is this?
I'm not saying, but I can tell you that it's fairly rare and very unstable.
I like my coffee like I like my women.
Frappy.
Bitter and murky.
Oh, you'll like this coffee.
It's fresh.
I got blood.
What is that?
I'll take it.
That's strange.
All of a sudden, I don't quite feel like myself.
Do you feel like once the paparazzi got friends?
Put that coffee down.
Too bad.
Just to be a good man.
Pray we're going to have to liberate George.
But you know what's on my mind right now?
It ain't the coffee in my kitchen.
It's the dead Bob in my garage.
Have you got a dead Bob in your garage, my friend?
How many times are you going to kill that old sod before he finally wakes up to what you're doing out there?
Don't you care?
Don't you even care about the children of the dead Bobs?
With alacrity and with a great amount.
With a round of applause.
But the souls of the dead Bobs are rising up.
Dead Bobs in garages around the country.
They're leaving their garages.
Lots of coffee.
And now the army of Bob clones emerges from the garages as far as the eye can see down the long line of suburban driveways.
Followed by the corpses of the Armenian olive stuffers.
It looks like quite an entourage.
I can smell.
I can smell the smoke in the distance.
I don't know if some of them are being smoked or are actually smoking themselves.
And it looks like quite a cloud.
These Dobbs clones, as they're called, are the perfect smoking machine.
And as well as the perfect selling machine have decimated the economies and the air of every city they've passed through in this wave of destruction and sales.
Now, Turb.
I'd just like to make up one thing I'd like to ask the panel here of Miss Wee and the turbulent Ivan Steng.
Many of these corpses appear to have been eviscerated and yet they managed to make steam, as it were.
I don't know whether it's the cold weather or the fact that they've been eating the wrong things.
They're freshly dead, the Dobbs clones, when they're finished using them.
I hope I don't have to spell that out.
Leave the corpses.
The corpses.
The used pinks, as they call them, behind.
And, of course, there's no natural scavengers or predators to dispose of the bodies anymore.
The Dobbs have also had their way with the buzzards and so forth as well.
Well, there's plenty of that.
It's a serious, serious situation.
There's plenty of it.
We're hearing right now, at least, that there's plenty of that natural jelly surrounding most of the corpses.
Well, everywhere.
Everywhere these Dobbs clones go, as you know, they leave the cotter pins and the jelly.
No one understands that.
It's been going on for decades now.
Well, they go loose as soon as we put a pin on them.
Jellies, dead bodies.
Yes, that's exactly right.
Just as bad as any bad Romero or good Romero films we've seen in the last 500 years.
These shuffling dead Dobbs are certainly the most horrible manifestation of religious cultism, superstitious nonsense.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.

They're coming to the station now!
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Well, we just thought a methamphetamine lab blew up down by the river, and next thing we knew, we were covered with pipes and honkers.
That's not funny, man.
Methamphetamines are the scourge of the Pobuckers of America.
They're the scourge of Christ.
I lost a lot of friends to bathtub meth.
Well, we lost the Lord.
He was actually stressed.
I lost the plug of the drain where they made the...
They made the bathtub meth.
Jell-O.
To bathtub meth.
It became as vapid as...
No, it just ate up the...
Vaporize.
Yeah, vaporize the plug.
Very plug.
Meth vaporizes the plug in your head, my friend, so that nothing...
You know, it all builds up, and it can't drain out.
You know, sooner or later, it's going to have to leak out.
Oh, man.
It's like a corpus callosum.
It's dried like a prune.
Hey, there's talk now of a...
The Columbus Devival.
You didn't hear about that.
No.
That Reverend Janina Grinder was going to put on somewhere around Columbus.
And the band that's...
One of the bands that's going to be there along with loathsome Cal Frunk Dave and the
retarded creatures of slime was Stylex.
Stylex.
Oh, man.
But that was a recording from a long, long, long time ago.
Oh.
It's funny.
We've been doing some house cleaning lately for weeks.
And one of the things that was unearthed in the excavations was a CD marked
Hour of Slack for Mom, or Best of Hour of Slack.
For...
Jayge.
It was for...
And I realized this was something I put together.
I put this together about 10 years ago for Princess Wee's mom.
And she didn't send it to her mom.
But she will.
And that's what we were playing.
It seems to be an Hour of Slack from the year of 2005.
You hear certain references to campgrounds that we don't use anymore.
And the year is actually mentioned at some point in there.
Hmm.
And this is a suspenseful Hour of Slack, friends.
For me only.
Not for you.
Because I really have no idea whether the phone lines have been fixed yet or not.
And when Lonesome Cowboy Dave calls in for real, then we'll find out.
The news may be good, may be bad.
But either way, we have an Hour of Slack.
Well, I'm dangling from those Tinder.
I'm getting my Tinder hooks too, dear.
That's true.
We don't know what kind of show it's going to be.
But at the very worst, it'll be more of this.
I guess, you know, I...
What are you asking a tantalogical question?
In the first place, you showed that there is the question in front of you.
First, I must ask you a question, friend.
What question did I ask?
You asked what is the meaning of Slack?
That is the first question you were asking.
Then you're asking how does Bob relate to the meaning of Slack?
Does anybody really know what's Slack?
Meaning!
It's something you gotta feel way down in your...
Way down in your...
You know, what's the part of your tevas?
Yeah.
You gotta feel it way down in your spinal column.
Hey, hey, hey.
You don't need to feel down in her spinal column.
Mr. Cowboy.
Hey, quit cleaning the...
Cut.
The out-of-control cleaning cowboy.
Hey, this is a tantric spot right here.
Oh, what's...
It's absorbing my finger.
Hey, what...
Listen here, boy.
Kids, don't ever...
Don't ever try to do what I'm doing right now.
No, man, don't ever use your digits to mess with the digital delay.
I mean, think of what happened to Tom Delay.
You know, he spent too long.
And now look at him.
Just do what I say, not as I do.
I'd like to ask you, you children.
You children?
Who are the children of tomorrow to think on this problem?
And as we go through the upcoming academic year,
along with the other members of the department,
we're going to try not only to bring you the most...
the best education we possibly can,
but a wholesome environment in which you can thrive and...
and get...
Okay, get the implant away.
Get the implant away from...
Get the implant away from that child.
Get...
We have to remove the bruscus,
which is the part of the proboscis which hangs itself daily
at the witching hour
and then rehangs itself on the wall.
It's dreadful.
It's horrible.
It's...
It's...
It's...
It's...
It's...
It's...
It's...
It's...
It's...
It's...

It's...
It's...


It's...
It's...







But in the meantime,
you should know that you can always get more information
about the dreadful church of the subgenius
by dialing in to www.subgenius.com.
There's no O in subgenius,
but there is in .com.
In fact, there's actually two if you think about it.
Friends, you can also check out
the subgenius radio ministry hour.
Slack by way of the U.S. Postal Service.
By writing to us.
That's us at Post Office Box 181-417-Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
To whom are you making your address?
How are you speaking to Ohio?
Who are they?
4-4-1-1-8.
Once again, who are you?
Who are they?
I don't know who they are.
I've never seen them before in my life.
Yes, if I knew better, I'd say they were here for a different reason than you had in mind.
I don't know it anywhere.
What's it look like, then?
Well, it's red with yellow wheels.
I mean, blue with orange wheels.
It's all in the mind.
Well, then, what do you think?
I want to go see the Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
I want to go see Red Mist.
I want to go ride on Red Mist.
I want to go see the Brother Justin Seven-Headed Devil.
Search and destroy.
Search and destroy.
Come on, come on.
I want to go see the Antichrist and buy...
Okay, now just...
I just want candy apples.
Quiet down or you're not going on any of these damn rides.
First, you pull up your pants.
You're crying out loud.
You look like a shoe baby.
Whatever the hell that is.
So, order caffeine.
And tie your shoes, by the way.
I'm going to go kill that devil preacher, Bob.
Stan, you'll get plenty of chances to kill lots of things if we go on Red Mist or search and destroy.
No, man, I know why I've been given these powers.
I've been given these powers so I could go be the one that kills Bob.
Well, you'll get plenty of chances to try your powers out on these new war rides.
I'm going to kill Bob and save the world, man.
Ah, you can kill anybody you want and win a medal for it or maybe even a Googie Prize.
Really?
Have you ever seen one?
They're as big as the sun and they fit neatly on anyone's chest.
We can go to that recruitment place and join up.
Oh, no, that's for later.
First, we're going to take a ride on Red Mist.
I just step inside the little capsule here.
Oh, man, this is authentic.
Shut up.
This is scary.
Please don't go on the Red Mist ride.
This is the unfriendly neighborhood that has...
I don't want you to go on the Red Mist ride.
...insurgency all over the walls and...
Up, here comes a Red Mist!
Somebody just exploded an anti-personnel...
Oh, that was backwards, wasn't it?
Of course it's backwards.
It's all backwards.
The planets you live on.
The cheese you eat.
The factories you smell and the olfactory feats you perform.
Everything in here is controlled.
The Red Mist.
The search and destroy rockets.
The little rides that take the children to teach them about war.
For it is what they need to learn.
Yourself, why have you enlisted?
Oh, carnival today.
Everything has been so backwards and upside down and inside out
that I just had to come here to see if I could figure it all out.
Well, there's no chance of that.
Everything's going to look pretty much askew as it did before.
But if you just put your hand here on the little plan gar...
I don't know if I should do this.
Oh, you have to do it.
It's taking your decoder name, your special eye patch now.
Ah, that looks good.
You look like a real pirate.
You're going to be able to kill lots and lots of people and scare them before they die.
And it could feel real good.
But remember, if you step on the wrong thing...
Red Mist.
I'm nervous. I'm really, really nervous.
And we're nervous too because we don't know exactly what's going to happen when we drag on...
Dave!
Is it there?
Is it there?
Something's there.
It's not only there.
There's no ocean.
There's no ocean.
I knew they were going to do away with that stuff sooner or later because it's just so large and so hard to find things there.
They just ban it completely.
Princess, we spoke way too soon.
Pardon?
The ocean is there.
Oh, the ocean is there.
Yeah, I can hear the faint misty.
But it's not too bad.
It's not bad.
We can proceed.
Dave.
So let's proceed as we may.
I'm having a hard time hearing you.
But I think it's because I perforated my eardrum with my fist.
I didn't like what I was hearing.
Your mama told you to quit doing that.
Quit starking your fist.
Your mama.
Is everybody going deaf or is it just me?
Yes.
You are surrounded by people losing their hearing.
It is true.
It is true.
It is true.











It's not nearly quite as large as I thought you were.
I thought you were like about 355, 750, another 50 number pounds, full of weight.
Very meaty, gristly type of guy.
He used to argue with his referees and his friends on the team.
I was but I'm fading away into the red mist, Dave.
Fading, fading away.
How so?
Because I'd rather be on the podcast.


I've been on the radio for a long time.
They're going to get my body all the time now.
That's why.
But it's okay.
We don't need to dwell on that.
Although I wish I could dwell on that.
Quite a bit of bait there to such a sophomoreically, painfully oriented show to sit back and let
that go by.
But I suppose I will.
Dave, have you ever...
Have you or your granddaughters ever been on a show?


heard of a franchise for children called Monster High. Monster High? Monster High.
Yes. As in Monster High School. Yes, yes I have. I'm sorry. Well Princess, we and I
have become intermittently interested in that. Of course it has monsters, it has
girls, what's what's not to like. Although it being a show for, in this
case, a show for girls as well as a line of toys, it teaches them to be weirdos
they're all exactly the same and cute. It's alright to be different as long as
you're pretty and popular and basically all the same. All types of
monsters can be the same.
The
The Monster High movie that we downloaded and watched was the most recent one, Fright Camera Action.
And it had me really worried because throughout this discussion of the history of the monster world, when they'd left the old world and come to the boo world,
they actually left the conservative monsters behind in the old world, and the more liberal monsters came to the boo world.
At no point was there any mention of humans ever having existed.
Well, maybe they never did at the time. You know what I'm saying?
Well, we later found evidence that there had been humans earlier because the first movie was about the...
We saw the trailer for the first Monster High movie, and it was about the humans versus the monsters.
But presumably, in the intervening three movies, the monsters killed everyone.
And ate the humans, I would hope.
Yeah.
As the sassy urban werewolf girl said, time to kick some bat.
But this particular monster... See, you hear the ocean in there, Princess Wee?
It's a tiny crumble. It's not a big crumble.
It's a pretty bad crumble, but we'll proceed anyway.
We apologize.
See, I can't hear a crumbling. I can hear more like these...
These little...
Dwarf reptiles.
And they make a real high-pitched sound.
And I think they're being mind-controlled, too, but I'm sorry. I didn't mean to.
The dwarf reptile. What was her name? Sally Forktongue or something? I don't know.
Sally Ann.
We spent an entire... We completely wasted and yet greatly enjoyed a whole day of doing nothing but looking into this Monster High thing.
And we found a lot of evidence of...
Sort of subverted, subgenius messages in the details.
The plots and the dialogue are insipid, like anything networked for 12-year-old girls or for anyone, period.
Including this show.
But the art details were great.
And the hair on these monster girls is just hypnotic.
You could just stare at their hair blob shapes.
Flowing.
Yeah, they're shaking around.
They didn't render each hair like in a Peter Jackson movie, but they rather made the hair look like licorice or taffy.
Something delicious.
Twisted, pulled taffy.
Yeah, swollen cheese. That's like in the microwave and stuff when you forget.
And the little girls depicted on this cartoon as role models walk exactly like hookers.
Prostitutes.
And thrust their hips forward and, you know, walk with their little butts clenched in such a way as to...
They walk like hookers with lots of attitude.
Yeah, well, and that's the way, I guess, our daughters and granddaughters are being raised to be pretty monster hooker girls.
But they reject...
How can I complain?
Well, yeah.
That is, if it wasn't one of your children.
And smart.
They're all nerdy and smart.
And also, this is, as far as I'm concerned, an example of a sociological problem.
When this starts to happen, that means there's something wrong.
When underage girls are supposed to look like they're 22 and stuff, there's something wrong.
I hate to sound like a...
Well, you know, that's been going on since time...
Time.
Neo-Nazi says.
In memorial.
My daughter would...
I'd drive her to school and she'd get out of the car and run into the school restroom and put on makeup.
And just before I picked her up, she would wipe the makeup off.
You know, that's what little girls do, I guess, because they've been programmed by old men like us.
To create a sort of a marketing device, a mercantilism, if you will, that's dependent upon this...
This natural thing, whatever it might be, to control evolution.
Well, that was another issue that was brought up in this Monster High movie, I think the fourth or maybe fifth in the series, Frights, Camera, Action.
The problem of...
The villain was a racist vampire named Count Stoker.
Of course, half the characters in this movie do a Bela Lugosi imitation.
But...
And there were many types of vampires.
Some not as pale as others.
But Count Stoker was a racist or a speciesist or a monsterist in that he wanted to take over the world and not...
And oppress all other monster types.
They actually said that.
They said monster types.
And of course, you know, there's your creature amphibious types.
Your Frank...
Your...
Frankie N. Stein, Frankenstein's daughter.
The hero of this one was Dracula's daughter, Draculaura.
And...
Draculaura.
All very cute, but it was interesting to see that they were...
They were talking about how...
Well, the bad guy was gonna...
Was of a different genus.
Yeah, he thought that vampires were like the superior race and they were gonna keep the werewolves down and so forth.
We've seen this story before elsewhere.
It was...
My favorite of the...
You know, eventually, looking at a movie like this over and over in slow motion, you start to get kind of turned on even by these little stick figure creatures.
And my favorite one ended up being a ghoulie who was this very special monster in that her way of talking was like this.
She was a living dead.
She was the daughter of the living dead.
And...
And...
Kind of reminded me of Reverend Pantiera, actually.
But...
And she would say...
And other people who spoke zombie could translate for her.
But it was interesting that she was kind of like, you know, the autistic monster child.
And in that respect, they were trying to be diverse.
And yet, she was also described as the smartest kid in school.
So even though she couldn't talk anything but...
She nonetheless could work a computer better than anyone else and solve the Scooby-Doo type of crime that they were dealing with.
Kind of like an autistic cyber hero.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
She's a hot little autistic cyber hero with kind of cockeyed looking.
She was the only monster girl that wasn't completely normal looking.
She has bad posture.
She has no bones.
The expressions resemble certain...
The ways of doing that are very manga and anime oriented.
Or not manga but very anime oriented.
Yeah.
And I think, well, I just think that it's kind of a worldwide kind of thing.
Well, that...
That him to be nipped in the bud like a sacrificial rose named Ernestine or something.

And then we plug back into the main filter cabinet and reduce by a series of say seven or eight each time.
Man, you took the words right out of my mouth when you said that.
We'll be right back to genetic equilibrium the way we want.
When the Uber race comes about, if that can happen, everybody's going to be on easy street.
There'll be so much slack.
We won't need Bob Dobbs or any of this.
There's...
Does that sometimes remind you of Bernard, Princess Wei, when he gets like this?
Yes.
Yes, he does.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to sound like Bernard.
I meant for Bernard to sound like...
No, we love Bernard, actually.
We do love Bernard.
Yeah.
And we love you.
Well, he has an implant, Bernard, and I do not have any more, any longer have an implant.
He's still...
His literature is...
Well, forget about it.
Well, what I was going to...
What I was leading into is that there is something...

There's still discrimination even among monsters.
And, for instance, in this movie, there was a real throwaway moment where you saw a yeti
hauled by in a cage, which is a horrible thing to see, except the yeti was playing a video
game, very obviously.
Now, also...
Well, it was more to the theme of...
When...
It's more thematic, like of a monster club, the way that Mondo's Retardo Band interpreted
that old classic movie.
Monster Club.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It took...
It wasn't really Vincent Price's Monster Club.
It was more that some monsters were nicer, better, stronger, faster.
Well, they were all better.
And the real point was that...
Who were the real monsters?
The humans.
Hitler, Pol Pot, Paul McCartney.
Those are the real monsters.
It's not what you look like outside.
It's what you are inside.
And I was thinking about that.

thinking we know some people we have friends who would if they were evil would qualify as monsters
simply because of their weird physical appearance yes which startles you at first you get used to
it real quick of course like going to a nudist colony you know get used to the hideousness
with very quickly much faster than you thought you would in other words you don't even get a
kick out of it I'm sorry I just have to say I have to ask you personally and also we do
what is your take on these um these concepts like the Nephilim and the originators and you know
the existence and religion as a cargo cult and uh who married who for why would it even work
well like I say I don't think it's what's you know what you look like outside that counts so much as
as how ugly you are inside.
That's what makes you a subgenius.
Also, they're trying to censor, you know, everywhere you turn,
they try to repress your abnormality in the most subtle ways.
For instance, we tried to sign up for the Monster High fan club online, right?
Yes.
Princess Wee?
Yes.
And we thought, well, you have to make up a name or sign in as somebody,
and we wanted to be something cool.
And funny.
A funny name, a monster name.
So we thought, oh, we'll be Peep Peep Longstalking.
And it wouldn't let us.
It would not let us.
It said, sorry, you can't use that name.
And I don't think it's because somebody else is already using Peep Peep Longstalking.
I think it's because the name, anything with the word P-E-E in it
is banned from this children's club.
Children's website.
Well, and also stalking.
Yeah.
But your hero, I mean, your avatar, your name,
it's not a name that, it doesn't have anything to do with peeping.
It has to do with peeping and stalking.
Right, yeah, but the computer doesn't know that.
So I decided, we ended up using the name Reverend Seek,
but we should have, I wanted to try the name Audrey Tistic
and see if that would fly.
Just to see, you know.
No, it won't.
Well, it's, again, this comes back to the, of who is a monster.
The Hunchback of Notre Dame is included in the ranks of monsters,
but he's nothing but a well-meaning, deformed guy who doesn't talk very well.
Yeah.
He's a sympathetic character.
So is Frankenstein's monster.
He's not inherently bad or evil.
He's just misunderstood and immortal.
And ugly.
And very afraid of fire, to the point where it causes alarm in others around him.
Now, you know, some of that stuff is apocryphal.
It may be that they just came up with some of that for the movies.
The monster may not really have been afraid of fire any more than vampires
are really afraid of crosses.
Did not Shelley and the rest of them worship at the testicles of Baal,
the great god of horniness?
I mean, that was back in the,
when they all took Dilaudid for, you know, after the Canaanites and stuff.
They didn't even have Dilaudid back then.
That was the very late 1700s when Mary Shelley wrote that stuff, I think.
Have you ever read that?
Man, they use so many more words per novel.
Different words, I mean.
It's a proven fact.
God, they have words I just never heard of almost back then.
And then nobody knows them anymore.
They just.
They forgot them all.
It's all Stephen King and Danielle Steele and the Dave DeLuca novels in the airports.
You can't just, you know, there's no, they don't use those good big words.
Think of the Pobucker letters from the Yankees and the Rebels in the Civil War.
Stuff they sound like.
What?
You know what I mean?
But I know what you mean.
No, I mean, these letters were quite well constructed as far as literature was concerned.
And it took a long.
Time to convey there.
They weren't into the abbreviated journalistic style of today's modern cyber writing.
Lol.
OMG.
Well, but yeah.
And they're the issue.
The right part of me had gone, of course.
Long.
No, I'm sorry.
Well, in the olden days, their exposure to literature was largely the Bible on Sundays,
which is pretty fancy writing.
And Shakespeare on.
On Sundays.
So, you know, you got to, and people actually read novels for slack back then.
It was like a new novel came out.
That was like the new Star Wars movie.
Yep.
Penny, half penny horrors.
Dime the yellow backs.
They used to call them all these different names for these pulps you could read on your way to work on the train.
Or whatever conveys streetcar, you know?
Yes.
It is hard to read on a horse.
It's hard to do anything on a horse, to tell the truth.
That's one reason I don't ride horses anymore.
I thought it was because of the bite, the wound.
Well, that too.
I've been, you know, I've been bit, been stepped on, been thrown, and kicked in the head over and over and over and over again.
That's the worst part, when they kick you in the head over and over and over and over.
Sweet.
But, you know, here we are doing this show.
That's what it leads to, so.
Adds up.
It all makes sense.
There are elements included there that this is the logical conclusion, and that's what brought you here right now.
I'm sorry I overstated it, but that's, you know.
Well, sometimes a lucky accident is what solves the mystery.
In fact, I've noticed that in the Monster High mysteries, as well as the great Scooby-Doo mysteries of yore,
and Gilligan.
Gilligan's Island.
Often the mystery is solved by a lucky accident caused by the stupidity of the comedy relief character.
The Gilligan.
The Bob.
The Who-Dude, in the case of Monster High.
The Scooby.
The guy going Scooby-Doo.
The guy on mushrooms and the dog stumble accidentally, doing something they weren't supposed to do.
They stumble into the secret passageway.
And find the...
The vampire's heart and save the day.
And voila.
And prove it was all a trick by the evil old money-grubbing Republican.
Because these things are all biased, you know.
Well, that's actually true, but I don't know why you'd bring it up at that precise moment unless you wanted to get into one.
No, no, I don't want to.
No, I don't want to.
I couldn't help it.
Sometimes that...
Well, you know how the media is.
The rich guys are always the bad guys.
And they're always fat and cigar chomping.
Or skinny and...
Desperate.
You know, insecure.
No, no, no.
It's the bad guys usually are rich guys.
And they always have long hair.
Huh?
The bad guys usually are rich guys.
You were saying, well, you know, the rich guys are usually bad guys.
And it's usually...
It's the other way around.
Yeah, the bad guys are the rich guys.
I wish I could be a bad guy.
You can't, Sting.
I mean, you want to.
And that's what you try to come up as.
You know.
You know what you're trying to do.
You're trying to hoodwink some people.
But you don't have that kind of...
I just wish all the monsters could live together.
That's what I want.
I want all the types of monsters to be able to live together in peace.
In Monster High.
I need quality.
Now, that's different than Monster Hunter.
That's different.
All the monsters must die.
Yes.
Hopefully by my own hand.
Oh, of course.
With Stenberg's help.
I was in a rural camp for 12 days.
And we had each other's license.
There was salami.
We had salami sometimes.
But we had to, you know, like, pick each other's nits.
And stuff like that for food.
Because the vampires wouldn't feed us.
So, I just got up and left.
Well, I guess that bonding exercise didn't work for you.
Because the nitpicking is a form of bonding.
You know.
Well, there wasn't much...
Grooming, they call it.
Yes.
Yeah, but they'd have us go through these things.
They'd come up and they'd suck a little werewolf blood for a while.
And stuff like that.
And then they'd go...
Like that.
Like it was a bad thing.
But at the same time...
The blood of carnivores is not very tasty.
Herbivores are much...
I mean...
It smells like urine.
Yeah.
Human blood is not really that good.
Well, unless it's a vegetarian.
Or baby.
Or baby.
Yeah, baby.
Christian baby, hopefully.
Just kidding.
Just kidding.
Ha ha.
Of course, what I really mean is human baby.
A human baby.
I'm not prejudiced or bigoted that way.
Just...
Well...
We're all human bacon as far as I'm concerned.
We're all made to be fried and eaten by another being greater than ourselves.
We've got worms.
Worms.
That's what I was just...
Exactly the word I was going to use.
Because I think some of them got behind my optic nerves.
And are now chewing right into the corpus callosum.
And that's why I mistake certain objects for other objects.
Really?
Yeah.
You mistake your wife for a half-wit.
For instance.
Yeah, stuff like that.
Or, you know, mistake your foot for somebody else's foot.
It's a little bit more common once in a while.
The things I see flying through the air, sometimes they're reptilian.
Other times, you know, they look like...
What's his name in Star Trek 7?
Or is the Zorab or whatever.
The ones that, you know, had interior radar.
They could see in the dark and everything.
The Jedi Vulcan mentality.
The giant hats.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think that was it.
And so, that's when I opted out of the whole thing.
Because he said I couldn't get my money back.
Right.
I mean, besides the frozen tissue.
That was completely, you know, no problem.
The lady was real nice.
You know, I talked to her half an hour.
She said she's going to North Carolina this spring to get this ticket.
What the hell is he rattling on about?
Hey, Dave, can you hear this background sound here?
It's frozen tissue.
Tissue.
That's what he's talking about.
Frozen tissue.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, sometimes they'll, like, don't put a...
Take a regular floor tack and stick it right in the middle of their nostril
to try and make a third one.
And I told them that you can't do that.
It's just that, you know, it could really harm yourself doing that.
Dave, the sound on this line has not gotten any...
Well, actually, it did just suddenly get better.
As soon as you said that.
As soon as I said that.
Yes, as soon as you said that, it stopped.
I wonder...
Abruptly.
As soon as you said that, it stopped?
Yeah, as soon as I complained about the bad audio on the phone line, it stopped.
So I guess we should just keep complaining.
Yeah!
I was afraid the show was going to get all boring because of the bad sound in the background.
And it was fighting with the music, which, again, was Hendrix stuff.
But all we have to do is complain, and they stop crumpling the paper.
Here comes the...
Master engineer, though.
Master cylinder.
He can tell us.
You could say...
Could I say...
Or something like that.
But the wiki squeal is always getting oily and stuff nowadays.
Especially with...
No, but I didn't mean that.
What I meant to say was...
Yeah, that's a way of life for me.
I complain constantly.
Oh, you should be on the internet.
I am on the internet, but I just...
I don't know how or who it is, really.
Well, it doesn't matter.
It just does what people do on the internet.
They just whine and complain and talk about how everything that's new is so bad.
And everything that's old is so stupid.
It's funny.
And...
Yeah, but then the NSA sells the information to, you know, some corporate sponsor.
Next thing, you're getting all kinds of emails saying,
you know, a brand new pair of...
Sweating's over.
Bad weather.
Well, they are in.
And stuff that they're not really in.
Now, Princess Weed, you hear when Dave talks, you hear the crumpling tissue paper.
The frozen crumpled tissue paper.
Actually, I hear it when you talk, too.
I only don't hear it when I talk.
That proves...
Two lines are screwed.
No, wait.
The only time I really don't hear it is when we all shut up.
Is this a hint?
Is this a hint from Bob and Connie that we're at the shot?
It's a sign.
We are not supposed to be doing this.
Don't worry about it.
Just...
You've counseled me that so many times.
Don't worry.
You're not...
You are...
You are slash are not losing your mind.
So who cares anyway?
So just don't worry about it.
Just don't worry about it.
That's the famous...
Don't do it.

Don't worry about it.
And don't think about it.
Of course those are the famous last words.
You want it to end quick, don't you?
Fabulous last words.
Aren't you hoping that someone from some strange country
has been a root of commandeers and airplanes
right into your area where you live?
You know what?
I think I'm going to end this
and just go to the old tapes
of when you were actually in the studio with us.
Yay!
Is it really a crackling noise?
Or could that be the strength?
It all just...
Yeah, it's...
It sounds like crumpling frozen tissue.
Yeah, crumpling frozen tissue.
And your voice sounds crackly
and much older than you really are.
If you can even imagine that.
White with heart.
Yeah.
They said in...
They said in...
They said in...
What's his name?
Yeah, right.
That one Bob guy.
He did?
Yeah.
There's no crumpling.
The crumpling is gone.
You're just being mean now.
Oh, no, I see.
Okay, he's staring at me
and then the crumpling, it comes back.
Back in ear.
Crumple back in ear.
I'm going to go back in time.
And play the old tapes again.
Okay, well, it did come...
There were some moments
where it was not crumpling.
Is that right?
Right?
Right.
And it didn't often sound like
there were other unusual...
Okay, okay, okay.
Okay, okay, okay.
Feeling kind of nervy now, are you?
Ready to spank the future?
Show them what it is?
Yeah.
That's the first thing I noticed about them
was the strange laugh
after coming out of the rides.
The carnival itself wasn't impressive
as far as the facility
or fairgrounds or anything.
You know, they didn't have much going on
on too many potato cakes or funnel houses
or any of those things.
There were a lot of important records
and documents they were keeping somewhere.
Well, it looked like the ones in Red Mist
were having the most fun.
That simulated blood all over there.
I like that booth.
They had them Arturans
that were that cult
that liked to cut each other's legs and arms off
so they could follow that one cult guy.
Oh, that is...
That's a crazy cult, man.
The John Wilkes booth was my favorite.
The one that just pops the press.
That was killer.
Pops the press.
And I wish they'd stop doing this to me
because my nerves are going to die.
My nerves are...
My nerves are not meant to be part of this.
Arturo.
Yes?
What is it?
A hero.
I am not your real hero.
I am more of a figment of your October imagination.
But that's okay, friends,
because we're back at church again.
The fun ride, the amusement park, we call it.
Yes, yes, indeed.
Yes, indeed.
The Tubstown Amusement Park of the Hour of Slack.
This episode, number 996,
entitled Revenge of the...
Shit, a foul number.
1996.
And we've been listening to...
The show started out with the usual chop-ups
by Mr. Fernandez and Andy Lemur
and a bunch of collage material there by Norrell Preff.
At heavyconfetti.com.
And, of course, we heard Dr. Howell and Puzzling Evidence
and those old-timey guys from the old-timey KPFA show,
which is still on to this day on kpfa.org.
And praise all those many orgs who help us
and bring us things like...
Fat suits.
Yeah, fat suits.
The armaments are very important, Stang.
As a member of the service club,
you should know that these armaments,
are fully insured and they're very, very safe
for even the smallest brat.
And speaking of brats,
they're all about to get drafted, aren't they?
As I understand it.
Yes, and they're going to have to attend those.
Big talk of sending them up into the sky
to pioneer the outer planets,
the new world,
where our youth can go
to fight for the new Mars
and the old Earth
and protect freedom
and media.
Yes.
The Omicron death.
T-shirts and tennis shoes
and the American Western Civilizational Way.
Queer hats and synoptic remotes.
And it's our burden, friend.
It is a burden that we must take on.
Because, well, actually, no, we don't have to take it on, do we?
Because isn't there something,
something bigger than saving the world?
Something called
X-Day.
X-Day.
Yes.
X-Day.
X-Day is approaching, friends.
X-Day.
Your prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stank,
does not want to see you go unruptured
on that precious day,
that prophesied day that Bob said was coming,
July 5th, 1998.
This could be that year, friends.
One of these days, it's going to happen.
You don't know.
Yeah.
You don't know what planet this is on anyway.
I know.
Yes, it's...
And, friends, the X-Day drill, actually.
The event itself, the gathering,
the great gathering of the subgenius,
and I will occur from July,
June the 30th
to July 5th of this year,
they falsely call 2005.
And...
You're not going to learn much folklore
over there,
folklorico this year, are you?
No, but there will be the bad film...
Not too many dancing ladies in red piper dresses
or those people with the funny hats.
The evil bad film drive-in
will be there, Dr. Darks.
Bad film drive-in, as usual.
With evil popcorn and hot dogs to go with it.
Sideshow marvels, limbless geeks and cult figures.
Human fights.
People with one eye right in the middle of their blatant fury
can read your mind and wish they couldn't.
The amino acids heard in the background.
DNA, which sponsors their activities.
Nude squid gigs, my friend.
Oh, and they're fun to eat
as well as throw at passengers on this rickety train.
And the costume,
ball this year
is with the theme of deities.
Yes, yes, yes.
Dress as your favorite
false prophet.
Build a huge false idol.
Actually, friends,
the costume ball
theme will be
warriors this year.
And the campground
will be wisteria.
The giant skull of Philodrummon.
He'll be there, too.
Just like he shines his feet.
And look,
there's...

There's the skull of the reverend himself.
Ah, yes.
Torpid vehicle.
But it can still do wonders
if you push the right button.
Oh, such torpidity.
And, friends, you'll get torpid as heck.
And the naked frop baptism.
Or baptism, I should say.
In the great...
In the wisteria pond.
Bodies will float in the river.
Gashes above their eyes and ears
are not a thing to concern yourselves with.
They have taken these wounds upon themselves.
They're mad.
They want only one thing.
A new...
A new brave.
A new race.
A new slack.
A new Bob.
Actually, we do want a brave new world, friends.
Better than this chicken crap baloney we've been dealing with.
And that's why lonesome cowboy Dave
and the mondo retardo band will be at X Day.
It's why there'll be launchings.
Why, look at that head fly through the air, followed by the brain.
And the soul.
And the soul.
The soul and brain mind.
And the fingerprints.
Oh, that's beautiful.
So many of them.
What a fine launching.
Beautiful.
Excellent form with his swing there.
Doctor bands, friends, to launch those heads.
Like the aforementioned amino acid we're all gonna be.
Fully accredited, fully licensed.
By the state of anxiety in which this lightning bolt strike,
never mind it.
Friends, these are the doctors that'll pry your mind open,
just like this show does.
Doctors for Bob, man.
It will open various doors for you.
Look closely at these door, a giant mahogany door
with a beautiful silver clapper on the bell.
And a beautiful Reverend Nikki Death Chick
whipping and spanking the guilty and the innocent
until they're guilty again.
Yes, I just talked to her tonight on the phone.
Making plans to be there all the way through July 5th, friend.
It's on a Tuesday.
But are you gonna go back to work?
Because you have more faith in me?
Faith in Mammon than in Bob?
Are you gonna do that and just skip?
Waiting for the saucers that beautiful 7 a.m.
July 5th, Tuesday?
Skip on down like a bright innocent child.
Everything is sanctioned by the Knights Pimpler.
There's no lost cheese or fried lightning bolts.
Everything is square and juicy.
You'll love it, little ones.
And the little one will love yours.
And you know why?
Because you know who else is gonna be there, friend?
You.
That's right, you're gonna be at Ex Day.
You're gonna be with us on the saucers, ain't you?
Because you're a subgenius minister.
Otherwise, you probably wouldn't be listening to this show.
You wouldn't be able to listen to it without wanting to sign up,
join up and be a subgenius minister.
Casting out devils and false prophets.
A lot to throw out.
Yeah, a lot to cast out.
And sexing those fraught nuns and nun snakes.
Oh, lots of sex and nuns.
You know, we're like any respectable, huge world religion.
Our priests are sex fiends.
We don't chase after children because they're too small.
Oh, yeah, that's the main problem.
They just don't fit, right?
And friends, but we chase after them for their soul.
We want to raise and see that they're raised right.
Wow.
It's the same for everything.
There's nothing like, nothing, you never saw anything so heartwarming
as a whole field full of subgenius children on Ex Day morn,
waiting for those saucers to come down,
doing things that, heh,
you wouldn't do normally, you know,
because it's not usually the end of the world.
But you're not normal and you can do these things.
You can not only warm those hearts,
you can cook them in a pan.
Praise Bob, praise Bob.
And we're going to cook plenty.
It's a prosperity ministry.
Oh, yeah.
It's a prosperity ministry and it's a slack ministry.
Friends, you'll learn how to slack off like a real slack-off artist.
No weepers here, no peepers, no silent green, no eyeballs, no nothing.
Nope.
Nope.
No peep, no human beings in Ex Day.
No, no one.
You can't get in unless you're a subgenius minister
and you can't be a subgenius minister unless you got
the blood of the Yeti coursing through your veins.
Oh, yes.
You're going to have to have a little card, maybe, huh?
You're going to have to have maybe a little ID card that shows
you've got the right feet and the right structure
and the front of the brain with a parched skull.
I've got that card in my pocket.
I ain't going to be caught on that.
I ain't going to be caught on that.
And you know how it's going to be there, friends?
You know you got the picture on it.
Princess, we are does going to be there
and one of these days her flock, the, the,
you know she's the queen of all the UFOs.
And one of these days them UFOs are going to be coming.
They're going to be coming, friends.
They're going to lift us up in glory
because we've got subgenius ministers card in our pocket
and the rest are going to burn cruelly, torturously
because Bob is not a forgiving God.
He's neither a wrathful God.
Right.
He's a forgetful God.
He's not going to pay any attention to what we're doing.
We're probably going to be getting back once we've got
those escape vessels at our command,
armed,
armed with weapons beyond the, well,
within the imagination of every subgenius,
but beyond that of the pink boy,
the norm worm down below,
who will be facing those weapons for the first time.
Those bullies in school that tormented you,
this is your chance for revenge.
And if you prefer,
you can reconstruct these bullies in your mind
and have them torture you all over again.
That's right.
You can do everything you ever dreamed of all at once.
It's like the perfect drug, and yet it's without drugs.
It's Bob.
It's Bob.
That's all it is.
It's just the love of Bob entering your heart and your mind.
The main thing is Bob creeps into your head.
That face.
You know what I mean?
It's a face, man.
You're just a big, big man, Bob is.
I can't believe that face.
That's why his face has been copied and put up everywhere.
He's that smoking guy with the pipe.
I can't focus on the sign.
That's Bob.
That's the Bob we're talking about.
I got so sick while I was driving, I almost got pulmonary.
If you see some pipe-less Bob, that's just an A-Bob.
That's a bad sign.
That's an A-Bob.
He's not of the true bobs-ful nature unless he's got that pipe.
And not every A-hole with a pipe is J.R. Bob Dobbs, my friend.
Yes.
There are false prophets everywhere.
There are false prophets.
Horrible.
There are false prophets.
There are missions.
There are sins.
Begotten.
There are dangerous situations.
Spiritual situations.
That is deep.
Oh, yeah.
This is false prophets.
Good false prophet music.
In the meantime, let's dance.
But of course, let's dance.
Oh, yes.
The bombs are exploding out the window, and I can't, I can hardly, I can see the flares.
I can't hear a damn thing but the band.
Every other soldier has a pipe.
Yes, look at those.
Handsome young lads off to die for war.
For slack?
Speaking of dying for war and stuff, I think it's probably time for PR.
You guys, you can't turn the lights on this whole time.
No, no, no.
It's time for the Hour of Slack to come to its end.
It's time for the Hour of Slack to come to its end.


It's end.
And no, there's not a revival coming up in Columbus.
Those were old recordings.
I almost said tapes from the olden days of 2005.
And you're listening to Hour of Slack number 1459.
And you can get more information on the Church of the Subgenius and all of this.
Stuff from subgenius.com.
This is Bob's station.
I feel he keeps a seabed.
And praise Bob.
They're always going out there.
I'm serious, Bob.
Everything's great.
I have to say all that.
All right.


Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Thanks for anything you can do to help Let There Be Slack.
