I got to thinking about something.
Yes, dear?
A new and wondrous thing.
The finest dignity and elegance.
What is it?
The self-genius.
Power of Slack.
What a wonderful idea.
Oh.
Oh.
Uh, Bob.
Oh, yes.
Right.
Thank you again, Fernanda Nandi-Lemur.
And welcome, friends, to another great Hour of Slack rerun.
This one from episode number 374 from early 1993 when we were still in Dallas 16 years ago.
We have lots of recordings on hand from the successful revival in Portland,
but I'm in the middle of a somewhat larger subgenius project,
and rather than edit those new cuss-filled rantings down,
I'm saving time with this superb rerun.
Incidentally, there is now...
an archive of MP3s of hundreds of old, uncut hours of Slack from the 1990s,
free for downloading.
And if you want to check those out,
go to csubgenius.com and click on the radio button in the upper left.
That'll show you links to the old shows and hundreds of newer shows
and text logs of every track on every show.
You can even subscribe.
I should also...
mention that there is a Church D-Vival in Detroit coming up on November 28th,
and the Amino Acids will be playing there along with many other people.
And there are weekly sub-rants by Pope Mike Flores in Chicago
every week of December at the Liars Club.
For information, see the Events button at subgenius.com.
And now, Hour of Slack number 374 from 1993.
What?
Bob said to party!
Party!
Party!
Bob said you had to party.
You had to party.
You better party.
You didn't say you might if you felt like it.
In and out, in and out, in and out, in and out.
And I want you to take a deep breath.
One, two, three, hold it.
Ready?
One, two, three, four.
And now...
The Subgenius Hour of Slack!
Airplane and regulation there.
You know, it's the crowded elevator of the show.
We all have to make room for each other and try not to, well,
make matters so unpleasant that we get off before reaching our stop.
I kind of think of our subgenius family as one big,
happy,
happy bunch of gibbering idiots.
How do you know?
I had to sterilize my toes.
They sucked my toes.
Oh, yeah, those poor, horrible, scuzzy guys.
They married your toes, though.
It was sanctified.
Did they really?
They really sucked my foot.
It's precisely what did happen, but of course,
we were terribly sorry that we had to nail her into the mummy case
and close the iron door.
And we have the videotape.
We have the video version of this show.
You can see the video version of this show,
even more stultifying and magnificent than the audio version.
This is us, up on the rooftop cafe,
while Bob Nelson does the dirty work downstairs.
We're swilling our hot buttered rum martinis and our feet are up on the table
as we're having a spitball session,
figuring out just how we're going to put together a script for the next subgenius.
Praise Bob!
Yeah, no kidding.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob, dear friends.
And you know, Dijkstra's law states that everybody is someone else's weirdo.
Bob, because he seems somehow so normal to everyone,
is the only one who is truly weird.
And they said,
as ye hath the pipe, so shall ye smoke it.
And lo, it was smoked.
And it was good and pure.
And all the world smoked with him.
For let he who hath wisdom know,
it is the wallet of a man.
Economicon 614.
And dear friends, as we begin our show,
let's also reflect on the words of Magistra Beatrix,
who said that Bob,
speaking of our guru Bob Dobbs,
Bob is the spiritual fractal,
for he is made up of uncountable dots.
But each of these dots in turn comprises, yea,
uncountable Dobbs heads,
each of which in its turn is also composed of unending dots.
And so it goeth from lasting unto everlasting.
And you know, friends,
if you could see the universe from outside,
at just the right angle, the best seat, so to speak,
why all the stars would make up a huge Dobbs head,
a huge portrait of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
But I think most of us,
most telling and most pertinent of all of these,
is this statement by the great German philosopher Goethe.
Goethe said,
I believed that I discovered in nature,
animate and inanimate, intelligent and brute,
something which manifested itself only in contradiction
and therefore could not be grasped by a conception,
much less by a word.
It was not godlike, since it seemed reasonable,
not human, since it had no understanding,
he's talking about Bob, friends,
not devilish, for it was beneficent,
not angelic, since it often evinces schadenfreude,
it resembled chance, since it showed no sequence,
it resembled providence, since it pointed at connection.
It could surpass all that limits us.
It seemed to deal at pleasure with the basic categories
of our existence.
It contracted time and extended space.
Only in the impossible it seemed to delight
and to repel the possible with contempt.
This essence, this show,
which seemed to insert itself between all things,
to sever them, to bind them,
I named the demoniacal,
after the example of the ancients
and of those who had observed the Dobbs.
Ah, yes, dear friends, and you know,
we enjoyed a simply fantabulous New Year's subgenius
devival last Thursday night here in Dallas,
just simply fantabulous.
That Club No in Deep Ellum,
and the preachers were in top form,
half of them were babes in bondage get-up, practically.
Praise Sister Mary Squared.
The video projections looked good,
the band of ones was truly subgenius
in that they played anti-music for the first ten minutes
so that those who were sissy enough
to be driven away by that would miss
the great Doctors for Bob lyrical ballads that followed.
But more importantly,
the most important thing was,
as Charlie Gilder there at Club No told me,
they'd never had such a good crowd ever,
and we were able to pay all the preachers
and musicians, which to me,
is the most critical part of any religiopus event
produced by our ministry.
Oh, yes, dear friends, and you know,
normally the week after such a devival,
we play the tapes from that on the radio,
but I can't do that this time.
I can't.
And we're going to have to play those best of,
mixed with the new Jane or Hyperclete's album,
by the way, and Sister Susie the Floozy's
Atlanta radio ministry next week.
But tonight's show instead,
well, we discovered the most amazing thing
at the devival.
A number of people told Willa Dobbs,
who was manning the sacred sales table,
that until they got the postcard or saw the poster,
they didn't know there was a subgenius radio show in Dallas.
And many of these were subgenius ministers.
I guess they hadn't read all of their Stark Fist magazine,
church newsletter.
Anyway, so I imagine we have some new listeners tonight
who are yet subgenie-y.
So for them, I've rather hurriedly actually put together
a quote, typical, unquote hour of slack.
That is some of our best oldies mixed in with new stuff
from our old standby contributors,
plus some live ranting.
It's an introductory show again, you might say.
So let's get to it.
But first, I've wanted to say that the devival,
the videotapes of the devival looked great,
especially the ones shot by Honest Joe Riley
and the selfless Bobby Self.
He's no Bobby, which are the only ones I've seen yet.
Aunt Susie, the floozy's bump and grind looks riveting.
And the lascivious video projection behind her, oh well.
And by the way, anybody who's listening
who was shooting videotapes there,
please call us and arrange for us to get copies from you
in exchange for whatever you want.
Whatever you might want from our collection,
because you can't imagine what visual delights might await you
if, like a true subgenius, you share your media coverage
by throwing it into the big mix.
And this show is dedicated to the girl whose four friends hated our club devival.
And yet she staunchly and dobsfully defended it
like a true warrior of the faith.
And Will overheard this conversation.
The four other girls were going,
you know, how could you do this to us?
You made us waste our new year.
Oh, it's just all so ew, stupid.
And the hero girl was saying,
my God, you were there?
You were there and yet you didn't see it.
It was a fantastic show and it happened right before your eyes.
And yet you were blind to it.
Well, I don't know if she said it that way,
but honey, if you're out there,
you are truly of the book.
And I'll address the Satan guys later.
But let's go ahead and get on with it, shall we?
This is Bob, and we'll be orbiting your area for the next hour,
carrying the message, the seed word of the faith of Bob,
the faith in Bob, FIB we call it.
Can you keep up the FIB, friend?
You want to dump the main shunts?
Thank you.
All right.
Show is on.
Show is right up on the green lines, doctor.
Show is fully on the line.
We will be landing on another show.
We will be docking with another show tonight.
Pardon me.
You can't land on another show.
We'd cause a nuclear explosion.
We'll be docking with show four from San Francisco tonight.
And hold onto your seats and...
Oh!
Oh, my God!
It's time to be manipulated.
Brother, I want to tell you something.
The world is tired of dead priests.
They're tired of dead preachers preaching dead preachers,
dead preachers preaching dead sermons to dead congregations.
They're tired of cold services and cold churches.
This world is hungry for reality.
They've had enough of Hollywood.
They've had enough of Nashville.
They've had enough of show business.
You can't hide from God.
You can't hide from God.
You can't hide from God.
He's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all infinity.
He's bigger than all reality.
He's bigger than somebody.
He's bigger than half of God.
He's bigger than all life.
He's bigger than all life.
He's bigger than all time.

He's bigger than all infinity.
He's bigger than all reality.
He's bigger than many,
He's bigger than many,
He's bigger than him.
He's bigger than everybody else.
He's got more hair in black and white dots than you've got in from the real world.
The sound itself, it, it has a stink to it.
You find no mention, no mention what wherever in there to God.
Well, that's kind of strange.
Are you saying that the Bible isn't, like, which Bible is credible as far as you're concerned?
None of them.
They've all been tampered with.
You're saying, George, portions of the Bible are.
So are you saying that at one time the Bible was correct?
No.
Was it ever?
No, ever.
It says in these documents that Jesus went through the crucifixion, but he didn't die.
It's Bob!
Church of the Subgenius, eternal salvation, I'll triple your money back.
Dear Bob, my life has changed completely because of your ministry.
They said your mind is in this.
They said your mind is in this jar, and then they poured it down the sink.
No, really, we're a fun crowd.
You'd like us to move in next door to you.
You, we'd be indistinguishable from the others you might see in your town.
Oh, maybe we'd have a wink in our twinkling eye, a smile or a leer on our lips,
but otherwise we'd look like everyday Joe Lunchbale,
a good, solid, honest, cream-colored working man,
ready to move in next to you and send the property values soaring.
How about it, America?
Get in step.
Well, let's try it out, huh?
We shield ourselves from discomfort.
We shield ourselves from the comforts of everyday, every week, every year, every life.
Luxuriate in cooperation.
No goal but minimizing work, minimizing contact with the universe.
Thus, we do not fulfill the potential in our genes.
Cometh the Visigoth, Vandal, Hun, Pancho Villa, Conan,
to reap what is still goodly in his God-given sight.
By sight shall you be known to the reppers, who will replicate that which is God,
and discardedly non-rep rest for the bit bucket.
Hell?
Be not deceived.
Dobbs is not mocked,
for whosoever a man soweth,
him also shall he reap.
Lord is my shepherd, I shall not whine.
A six million year cycle will end in 1998.
Dobbs sees the world entering a new aeon,
which?
In a few years, will bring more wondrous and miraculous change,
and carnage, insanity, and destruction,
than all of mankind's history and prehistory before it.
Dobbs brings a new destiny for America.
A time of cataclysmic economic change that will offer untold riches and power
to those in the know,
while billions of deserving conspiracy dupes
fry in hell on earth.
You probably already knew that the U.S. government
is a sham.
Something popped up there for you to blame.
But did you know that the real powers that be are not even people?
That they are actually shambling,
unbelievable, unmentionable, unthinkable things?
They may say, we're here to wake you up to what the truth is.
I'll also tell you another thing.
They say, it's our, we made the mess.
Look around at the planet.
I mean, you got the air is polluted, the water is polluted, everything else polluted.
We made the mess.
We will transmit instructions for you.
We will tell you how AIDS was created.
We'll tell you what its purpose was and how you can cure it.
But you got to do it.
We're not going to do it for you.
This is your job.
You clean up your own room.
So you're, they're doing this through you though, George, right?
Well, not just me, but I mean, you and these people that you're communicating with.
That's correct.
And you're going to talk about this in the seminar.
That's exactly right.
I'll go into all of these areas.
How, why, in other words, they said before you can cure a problem, you better know what
the problems are.
And they're so vast.





They say, we are here to awaken you to the massive lies.
And it's everything.
Now, you see it.
Now you don't.
First you feel it, but you don't really know
If it's over you, there's something in the air
What's come over you, there's something in the air
Just check the sensors for invisibility
Become a duck that's helping stalking
I've got my UFO detector on
Engine signals flash the warning that it's over you
There's something in the air and they're watching you
There's something in the air
The cloaking device, the cloaking device
The cloaking device, the cloaking device
I'm just getting real superstitious, I'm looking for signs everywhere
I've got a feeling in my bones, there's something in the air
There's something in the air
Something in the air
Something in the air
Something in the air
Stay awake, new age
Take control
Jack-Jack-Jack-Jack-Jack-Jack
Hey, hey, now wait
Shot your soul
With Jack-Jack-Jack-Jack-Jack-Jack-Lol
Hey-ho, hip-ho, boba-ray
Jack-Jack-Jack-Jack-Jack-Jack
Yo-hey, rocking dachte
Anything the Hell, anything the Hell
20 years ago
Radio You're playing rock but I'm better than rock




coca colisiosom, coca colais,ibb, all of that and every little dungly, sing and do it.
It is only natural that such things would occur considering the segregation of the sexes enforced by the papacy.
Such a thing would have never been permitted when the ways of Odin held sway across Europe.
A simple day's study of nature would have shown the blasphemy of locking man with man and woman with woman.
At this point, we must deal with the troublesome question of demons.
Many right-thinking Christians scoff at the idea of demonic existence even as they acknowledge the devil's power.
Closed biblical study shows that demons are, in fact, electrical manifestations and properties in the service of evil.
Just as stray electrons create unstable elements, isotopes, and deadly nuclear reaction,
so demons represent malignant forms of energy.
Play.
Hell?
And whither, whither we?
Blame it on the Quasanova?
Don't take individual responsibility.
Let Congress do it.
To us?
If we don't grab this little local mother, it's gonna fall over.
The multiple stages, as resolved into words by Bob Wilson in Luminatus, are real.
If 2012, exact date, exact time,
is the culmination.
If Rebus Canebus gets the bus.
If we aren't ready, will there be another bus?
Is that rapture?
What is tribulation, twixt now and then?
Is God standing with all the soul bits of self, of her himself, here and there now, seeing all time, and this possible leap of evolution?
Will we leap only by cooperative competition?
What does the historic figure Jesus, son of God, and the Holy Spirit, have to say?
What does the human signify?
Is the holy, ghostly, undermined mind, subconscious, racial, racial, memory, mythos, a communication link?
With precarnate being, not past or future, but both from here and all along from there.
Can we remember?
In his standing day, I see the light of the world.



And the dreaded eyes like smoking.
And his great, teasing cheers.
And the dreaded eyes like smoking.
Piss your money away.
There won't be no rainy day.
And Bob will sell you all the sun.
He's unlined with Jehovah.
But he ain't no man.
He ain't no God.
I don't want to walk the path Bob tried.
He ain't no man.
He ain't no God.
I don't want to walk the path Bob tried.
At his desk in Dallas, the dreaded eyes like smoking.
Behind his mirrored windows, the dreaded eyes like smoking.
Lent up your pot, let go the smoke.
This is slack, it ain't no joke.
Respeed to Bob, lift up your chain.
And you will pay, to know what you think.
But he ain't no man.
He ain't no God.
I don't want to walk the path Bob tried.
He ain't no man.
He ain't no God.
I don't want to walk the path Bob tried.
Bob tried.

Now to continue with the tape recording.
We're going to see. Get ready.
What I'm talking to you about today is the most up-to-date thing that I could talk to you about.
We're meeting in the closing moments of this dispensation.
An old man finds it, touches it, and this is the shocking result.
From then on, there's no stopping the mob as it spreads from town to town.
It's indestructible. It's indescribable. Nothing can stop it.
This town is in danger.
How can it be stopped?
Mob hysteria sweeps one city.
They've all wronged the nation, and then the world can lean flat on the mob.
Barring speeding and a cast of exciting people.
Hundreds of New Yorkers at a religious revival chanting the name of a modern-day prophet, Bob.
Oh, yes, good friends.
Oh, and what a prophet he is.
That crazy old Bob.
Well, I guess it's time for me to dig in on what you've been listening to here.
Wow, listen, I want to listen to this for a second.
Wow.
Wow.
It's cool.
It's hot.
And yet it's so sinister, dear friends.
Now I can switch my little tapes out and tell you what you've been listening to.
Um.
A collage, going backwards in time.
Okay, a collage from old subgenius media barrage tapes.
The song Dread Dobs, that reggae song, is by Lost Souls Incorporated from Arlington, Texas.
The rant with flute and Robert Anton Wilson quotes was by Reverend Ficus Strangulensis.
I think from West Virginia, I may be wrong.
I don't know.
Uh, some demon clips sent by...
Reverend Lou Minotti.
Oh yes, up in Nashville.
And the song Cloaking Device, the one about the UFOs, was by the Ultimate Klingons.
That's Reverend Nancy Darnell of Berlin, Germany on vocals.
And a lot of best of hour of slack bits with much Dr. Howell and puzzling evidence from
the KPFA subgenius show.
And some, a little bit of G. Gordon Gordon heard there.
G. Gordon Gordon was here this last weekend at the show, but he was strictly doing security
and uh, refused to come up on stage.
I'm really blaming him.
Uh, and some, quite a few clips interspersed with that by Reverend Nick Nolan.
Oh dear friend.
So what do we do next?
Heck.
I've got a...
I'm at an awkward point.
A taped flipping point.
But, well heck, why don't I tell you?
Who is Bob?
Who, what, what indeed is Bob?
Bob is tomorrow with a smile on his face.
He's progress with a pipe in his mouth.
His enthusiasm, his sexuality, makes the world go around.
His friendly handshake meets the payroll.



He's one heck of a salesman.
Bob Dobbs is retailer, wholesaler, jobber to the world.
He is courage with an open mind, hope in a pair of shined shoes, pride in a gray suit.
He has the strongest pair of feet in America.
He's a merchant of ideas, a dealer in dreams.
He's part magician, part actor, part magician.




He's part missionary.
He's peddler, huckster, pitchman.
He's the carnival barker of the world's biggest sideshow.
The world is his store.
He's one hell of a salesman, friends.
Oh, let's just pause and listen to this lovely music here from Reverend Arnold Mathis.
I'm going to be in the middle of a





The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The conduct of the Second
The Somers climber
Which, to me, was the must to fight today with God,
which năm It is the city of H Derek
The path to change this is that of the present
We indeed are dog
We are reservist

I think that No
We're our
Incom Army
spent his life exhorting people to pull the wool over your own eyes and relax in the safety of your
own delusions as he puts it. Yet his parables often have just the opposite effect. People line
up, dollar in hand, hoping to relax in the safety of his delusions, proving to themselves by giving
him money that they too are truly stupid. Many who donate are lawyers, doctors, computer scientists,
religious leaders, and famous artists. They intuitively know that as the years progress,
their incomes and peace of mind will be increasingly dependent not on their cleverness,
their critical sense, but on their lack thereof. You see, Bob's plan has succeeded financially
simply by predicating itself upon the deteriorating intellectual environment.
It appeals ultimately to those who have recognized that environment for what it is
and who are not.
Now try to profit from its very ineffectuality. This church of the subgenius is composed of
people who have learned the classic textbook definition of sanity and who can mimic its
legal appearance, but enjoy the exact opposite in the privacy of their own homes and in the
invisible secret workings of their careers. We call this practice schizophreniatrics and we call
this show the show of the subgenius.
So friends, the subgenius radio ministry hour at slack and why it looks like it's time,
oh so sad, but it's time for us to move on and vacate the airwaves for something no doubt a great
deal nicer and prettier. But I will leave you with this heavenly music composed by the great
saint Jay Condom on his, uh,
album Zombo Fropland available only from subgenius records and tapes as far as I know.
Oh no it's not. It's not available from subgenius records and tapes. It's only available from
from Jay but his address has changed from the one that... oh well...
Hey friends, it's just a fun little family we have here, just a family of friends, and
we did have a great New Year's celebration. a wonderful time and...

and it even made money.
The most important part of this
and really the survival of any viable world religion.
A praise, Bob, and a thank you so much.
What for, I'm not sure.
Thank you.
Thank you.
