This is your radio operator, Doug Smith.
We're going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
The Self Genius Power of Squirt
You're on the air.
What is a crime against the state?
I just got a little pink slip in the mail.
They said that last time I went in for a checkup, they found a used condom in my ear canal.
Oh, dear.
And I cannot explain, except for maybe some of the stuff that's being broadcast,
it could be, you know, metaphorically construed as getting...
Getting effed in the ear?
Yeah.
You know, I've...
I've heard, yeah, I've heard references to my...
I've heard my show compared to such things, you know.
Well, no, I...
In totally different ways, too.
You know, some make it sound like an act of violation,
and others make it sound like an act of love.
Yeah, that's what I was going to say.
Yours is more of a form of subliminal seduction rather than overt rapery,
which is what I guess happened to my...
Well, it's actually a part of my brain.
Yeah.
So, I don't know.
I'm just hoping that the storm makes it go away.
Yeah.
The storm will make everything go away in time.
Yeah.
Hello, Bob, and I'm so happy to give my personal testimony.
50 years ago, I was a freshman in high school,
and that happened May 10th, 1941.
I accepted Bob as my personal savior, and he's never let me down since.
I'm a retired teacher, a widow, I've had cancer and all kinds of stuff,
but he's always by my side.
Thank you so much.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
Now, give you a little bit of background.
Now, back in the year of 1950,
when Bob was just a...
He was merely the greatest salesman who ever lived.
Bob discovered that there was a conspiracy.
And I don't mean like the conspiracy that killed JFK
or the Freemasons or the Satanists or anything like that.
Oh, no.
This is the biggest, most horrible conspiracy in the world.
The conspiracy of plain ordinary normalcy.
The conspiracy of normal human beings.
Jehovah One, this monstrous space alien,
came down and seized Bob up in the spirit
and told Bob that since time began,
there had been this conspiracy of normals
stealing away the slack of all the weirdos,
the misfits, the disbelievers.
And so Bob, with that in mind,
founded this great church of the subgenius.
It was not...
founded on a rock like some more popular religions,
but founded on a shifting sandy beach of hypocrisy.
Because where is any good religion without hypocrisy, friends?
And so Bob started this...
this do-it-yourself religion.
A disorganized religion, you might say.
A non-organization for non-joiners.
Which makes it kind of hard to recruit people,
if you think about it.
Because every subgenius, by definition,
is completely different from every other subgenius.
There is no such thing as a typical subgenius.
If any two of them are alike, one must die!
The only thing that any of us really have in common,
besides the love of Bob,
is that we have nothing in common with the conspiracy of the normal people.
God thinks the normal people will hate anyone,
for many of them will hate anyone.
We don't have such aways good dreams.
So before you even imagine it,
If we shut down this Dead
in an unseen andачneluse daughter-in-law,
and die for the first time in ten years,
then by what we can do and destroying our языclke,
the talking of babies...
is going to cut us into a bunch,
like words,

all of us.
the lazy man desires. Slackness. How long are you slack? You need to go on and possess slack.
That people were very slack where they should have been slack. They were slack over and over
again. Slack. That they're slack. They should be slack. How long are you slack? Slackness. Comfort,
content, confidence, and assurance. Too slack to slack. Behind the slack. Behind the slack.
Following their blow. That was behind some of the slack. How long are you slack? Go forward.
How long are you slack? Actually, I'm coming up on the five-year anniversary of this show.
Oh, it's been five years? It's hard to believe. It's hard to believe. Yeah, in February, it'll be
five years. Well, you know, that's funny. We just did the 25-year anniversary of the Puzzling
Evidence show. I tell you, time keeps moving on. And they officially declared themselves extremely
famous in the third hour of the show when everyone had fallen asleep, except for Dr. Howell,
who can tell you that.
I didn't continue to talk because it was important. Yep. The others in the crew, Philo and Stang,
just didn't think it was that important. Well, Dr. Howell snores in romantic poetry recitations.
Yeah. Snores in Milton and Shelley and all that stuff. Yeah. Oh, geez, geez, geez, geez, geez,
geez. Yes, and we'll hear the rhyming snores of Dr. Howell as we tune into that 25th anniversary
Puzzling Evidence show.
Which I was honored to attend, just as I was also on-houred to attend their very first show in June
of 1982, when it was Bob Nelson's show on KPFA Berkeley. And we'll hear tapes of that very first
show as they were played on the latest show of December 7th, 2007. We may also be hearing parts
of recent radio patented shows.
And we'll hear a few of the most famous ones.


From our Amsterdam Devival Tour and a season in hell with John Hell of Pirate Cat Radio,
both with Dr. Howell and other special guests. And we already heard some preaching from the
subgenius Church Devival, which happened to be in an old church in Baltimore in November.
And yet more of the collages of Norel Preff and Fernanda Nandescu.
And we'll hear more of Dr. Sinister's Radio Sinesthesia from WCSB Cleveland, with Lonesome Cowboy Dave in it.
But first, let us join Puzzling Evidence and Dr. Howell and Gary Gabrog-Fran at KPFA Berkeley as they await Dr. Drummond and myself and try to ascertain just which year this is.
And when really is the 25th anniversary of the show?
It's an emotional time for all of us here at the show.
June 2008. The 25th anniversary of the show.
No, it's, uh, well actually it would have been June, it's past us now, June 2007.
Oh, this year?
This year.
Oh, it already happened.
Oh well, then there's no point in planning for it.
But this is the official anniversary of the show.
It already happened and there's no point in doing anything.
I'm a celebratory man.
Except to reflect on 25 years of fabulous broadcasting on behalf of the Nameless Mission.
And, uh, we're waiting for Ivan Stang to come to our studio with Dr. Philo Drummond, Bishop Joey of the First Church of the Last Lamp, and perhaps some mystery guests.
So, what a wonderful time awaits us.
But perhaps you are...
Confused because you're tuning in at 2.
And yet you're hearing us, who usually come on at 3.
And perhaps we don't even sound that different from Frank Moore, who was on just before us.
Nonetheless, in the intricate interlocking tumbles and chambers of the brain, you will soon sort this tangle out.
And then be prepared to zip down the information superhighway.
And that절um is much appreciated.
The bishop is on the sagt e.
But apparentlyécole is one of those places where you read well and read a lot about knowledgery.










Just listen to those bubbling sounds of organic evolution occurring right as you listen.
And I'll have to say the phone number much more slowly for our friends in Ontario.
I think you know that phone number.
Not now, though.
Not now?
Yeah, there'd be no point in saying it now.
Yeah, who cares?
Yeah, exactly.
We'll say it in a while.
In the fullness of time.
In Mongolia.
Well, no, actually.
Linoleum.
Or Congolia.
And there's Germany.
Holland.
Mauritania.
Roustart.
Finland.
Sildavia.
Sildavia?
Sildavia, and of course Borduria and Fredonia.
We are some lucky guys.
Just to be able to see all this from up in God's heaven makes a man feel mighty tall.
I'm not sure why.
Well, if you don't know.
You don't lose your balance.
It's a good view.
We are used to it.
Our mission in the church enables us to see from a high pinnacle of progress and success.
Although ours is also a high and lonely destiny.
I think we've got some alarms going off in the control room.
Yeah, that's the caller alert.
So let's go away.
That's the best response.
Yes, we aren't able to answer callers at this time.
We will be giving out the number, however, as well as valuable prizes and premiums.
Momentarily.
But we must go unroll the red carpet for our little friends arriving from the alien ship.
Exactly.
They'll be disembarking soon.
I understand he has no legs anymore.
Coming through the port authority.
He hasn't actually walked on earth for so long.
Those legs of atropine.
He only uses a crane.
He's like the little guy carried around by the Zipperhead Martians.
He's totally dependent on his little fire engine red gravity sled.
The little bobbies in rubber suits carry him around in balloon-infested underground walkways.
Dressed in rubber suits, didn't they look swell?
He doesn't use a computer.
His monster brain simply thinks the thoughts quickly.
And forty pairs of boots went marching through hell.
And I was the kid with the drum.
Because you know anything you say on the radio happens.
Hey, don't you remember?
You called me Hal.
It was Hal, Hal, Hal all the time.
That was last night's show.
Hey, don't you remember?
I'm your pal.
Brother, can you?
I'm your pal.
I'm your pal.
I'm your pal.
It was in the year of 1982 that space-men first discovered the great galactic barrier.
In the past ten years, rocket travel to the moon and the mirror planets had become commonplace.
And yet the explorers refused to admit defeat.
It was on June 2, 1987 that the rocket Starcloud made ready for takeoff.
The�m
No one
cares.



Fire at number two.
Number two ready.
I think that's rubbish.
What do you think?
Oh, I think it's terrible.
At least it won't be boring.
At four in the morning, I know that there's quite a few subgeniuses awake,
probably harder than anyone, but subgeniuses.
Now, you may be a latent subgenius.
You may be feeling like you're just not ready for the word of God.
Well, you don't have to worry about salesmen coming to your door.
This can all be done by man, even the operatives.
We're all doctors here.
We know how to play our instruments as well as we need to know.
That's right.
So any confessions you may have over the air or not
will be strictly confidential and censored by us.
Remember, this is a listener-sponsored radio station.
Do you want to make heaven or not?
Do you want to go through the rapture?
Do you want to call us?
Do you want to go to the subcon?
Do you want to go to the launching of the airport?
Do you want to help KPFA?
Sit down.
I was saying I was a work shot.
That's funny.
I laugh.
Wow.
I'll tell you about it.
Well, you see, when water begins to seep in the hole,
you pull your gourd pipe,
then you let down the shoe inside the gourd chop,
and you plug up the bottom of the hole,
casing and all with quick-hardening gourd chops.
Then when it's hard with gourd chop,
the bottom keeps the water out.
Funny about that water.
Well, we had the gourd pipe all pulled and cracked,
waiting for it to harden.
Yeah, I hope so.
You see, a gourd pipe is hollow,
and as the gourd pipe digs down,
it stuffs the gourd chops up inside it,
so when you pull it out, you've got a sample of the gourd chops.
There'd be any at that level, according to my figuring.
Oh, I don't know.
Where's everybody?
They all went to town on the whole gourd chop.
Wait a minute, Forky.
Well, what did...
Listen.
What's eating you?
Doggone it.
I hate to be a gourd chop, but I can't help it.
Honest?
Stupid, ain't I?
I know how you feel, Billy.
Everybody's made other gourd chops.
I guess so.
You eat!
Now, look at this.
And I did look.
And what he was holding was a gourd chop.
And there wasn't any kidding about it.
It was real.
We don't need to get into a lot of technical double talk.
But the question for tonight is,
is cynicism a requirement,
or is it a luxury, or is it a necessity?
An economic.
Necessity.
And today's bustling world of global economic competition
and low-price knockoffs of Chinese classics.
Well, cynicism is a relative value.
One man's cynicism is another man's joyous optimism.
That's good.
It could be true.
Or could it?
It's like me-ism.
I remember that from back in the 70s.
I'm a meanderthal.
The me generation and the you generation.
Let's get back to the basics.
The meanderthals have a dog, Eric.
I have a simple, pepsy generation.
The meanderthals are from the generation.
Actually,
the Greek restaurants
have the same credo as the dogs.
Yeah.
It's cynics.
It's a Greek restaurant.
A ghost meatball.
I'll have, um,
if you consume it,
I'll have intercourse with it.
Scratch an idealist and find a cynic?
Is that what you're saying, Phineas?
Well, I, uh,
I think that's a somewhat cynical attitude.
Greek.
A ghost.
Do you have to?
Cynical ghost.
Okay, call back later.
We need you to call back later.
Put your retrieve button on hold.
Ghosts can be cynical.
It is a white person.
Now.
Ghosts can be nicey-nice.
Particularly when you palpate them.
You palpate their subluxations.
See, people just meet here on the show and then they go off.
Meat, flesh, blood.
Flesh and blood is weak and frail.
But cookies are strong.
Susceptible to nervous shock.






Bob predicted that by this time, a ghost would be called as a witness in a court case.
When did that happen?
Well, it was supposed to have happened in the 90s.
And I'm wondering if that, like so many things, Bob predicted, was covered up.
Please, call me Bob.
Please, call me Bob.
Your old boss, Bob.
What the hell is going on?
Who really killed the cat?
Why?
Please, call me Bob.





Please, call me Bob.
He was dangerous.
We thought he was just able to heal.
Cellular regeneration.
What we didn't know is that if your cells continually regenerate, after a while you
stop growing old.
You Bob, I dare-
You Bob, I dare-
If you die, Bob, the company dies with you.
Please, call me Bob.
Please, call me Bob.
Please, call me Bob.
Please, call me Bob.
You're old boss, Bob. What the hell is going on?
Somebody asked, what is in Bob's pipe?
And I said, what's in Bob's pipe is the same thing as what's in his head,
which is also what's in Bob's pills.
But Reverend New Monet answered it much more correctly.
Here's what's inside Bob's pipe and his head.
The multiverse and antiverse, the negaverse, the demiverse, the quasiverse,
the paraverse, the division by zeroverse, the square root of negative oneverse,
the averse, roboverse, Hitlerverse, knockverse, gayverse, pooverse,
also known as the universe, perverse, the quantumverses, hooterverse,
the claymationverse, the monsterverse, antispace, hyperspace, hypospace,
overspace, underspace, throughspace, wormholes, beetleholes, blackholes, buttholes, blackwhores,
patrazibby, verschluggener, trace amounts of halva, and the Alamo.
But nothing is etched in brass.
The subgenius church maintains a certain amount of mercurial fluidity.
When I come...
When we come back, we're going to be talking about the universe.
When we come back in February, that's just to...
I have...
It's for the Bob Mitzvah, you might say, of my nephews-in-law who live here.
Those crazy kids.
Thirteen for that as well?
Well, the Bob Mitzvah is a new concept as far as I know.
Can you explain?
Yeah.
No, I can't.
Okay, well...
I honestly don't.
Choose not to?
Yeah, it just jumped out.
Does Princess Wee have anything to do with that?
Uh, well, it's her nephews.
Uh-huh, I see.
And I think I'm supposed to circumcise them or something.
Isn't that what happened?
Or circumscribe them.
Very nice.
Uh, you know, it's...
I've got these special...
One or the other.
You could use this bottle opener right here.
How about that?
Puzzling evidence is...
That's it.
Just sit there.
That's his flinging knife.
He always leaves something behind.
Just sit.
It'll pinch.
It'll pinch a little bit.
It has a special, uh, bris knife.
That's great.
That's it.
Yeah, it comes in your, um...
Your tool man.
Tool man kit.
That's really nice.
Hmm.
Provided by Bob, I understand.
He had many tools.
He used to sell those.
Are his tools.
Ah.
Yes, he has many tools and he calls them his flock.
That's right.
You've seen those New Yorker cartoons where the guy opens his sample case on the street
and puts down a bunch of little wind-up guys walking around.
That is essentially what Bob's ministers are doing.
Wind you up.
Let them roll.
Yes.
We are walking around demonstrating for Dobbs.
And, of course, we are up for being privileged.
Purchased by the next bidder.
What's the latest bid been on some of the ministers of Bob?
Well, I don't know, but I have a strange superstition.
I always bend over to pick up a penny.
You've probably heard that many yuppies won't because they've calculated that their time
is so valuable that to bend over and pick up a penny would be losing money.
But I believe that if you find money in front of you, it's the fractal end, the tail of
a possible fortune.
So in order to grasp that, you have to pick it up.
Depending on how much money you find, the more money you're going to get.
And the other night, walking down to the show, I found a $20 bill on the sidewalk.
Did you leave?
Picked it up and put it in my pocket.
Did you leave a few dollars for taxes?
Hell no, my friend.
The important thing, of course, is to pause and look to see if there are any more $20
bills leading in a trail to a dark alley where there's a dead bank robber.
With a torn open sack.
Didn't see the bag.
And a sack of $20 bills.
That's what the true subgenius looks to see if there are more $20 bills perhaps raining
from the sky.
You just never know.
I always make a point of smashing.
Some people go, oh boy, $20.
I'm going to run to the bar right now.
Running right past the passed out bank robber with his big sack of money.
Well, that's not surfing the luck plate.
No, no.
You have to, you know, don't be rash.
Don't rush off to spend that stolen or found money.

You know, look around and see if there's not some cataclysmic event that produced more
$20 bills.
Same thing happened to me about a year ago.
I encountered that $20 bill.
That slight bait that Bob uses to lead us further along.
Well, usually you find pennies, a nickel, a dime or a quarter, but a dollar is unusual
and $20 is very unusual.
But every time I've ever picked up anything of a large, the luck line is always a $20.



Rip gosh, that's the hard part.
We've got trouble.
This is real real products.
So we have a question for you.
How one month ago, how have people since this day become religiously Married?
And I'm not a masses and also on a a toothy a leper.

Otherwise, how many days?
How many years later?
How many years?
I don't have swallowed a barb.
You всп Rachel pass in November.
I found out.

No one here in Texas had anything the commit which UT no one or.
things like used condoms and syringes? Does that lead to bad luck? Well, if you pick them up,
you would be picking up the fractal end of a train of used syringes and condoms where somebody else
already had the fun and you were picking it up. So I wouldn't do it. I'm going to stop today.
But you see, the problem is if you search too assiduously for more slack when there's only a
little bit, that can start subtracting slack. It crosses over the line into neurotic behavior.
Once while walking by a Mexican beauty parlor near my apartment, I saw a $20 bill in the gutter.
And of course, I picked it up. But ever since then, I have been physically unable to pass that
gutter without looking, without stopping. So that is somewhat neurotic. And yet,
what are you going to do? Because whoever is foolish enough to drop that money one time,
who...
Slept too much.
...habituates that area, well, he might come back and drop another one. So it's logical to look there.
Keep going to that same place. I once found a $500 in cash in a grocery cart.
Holy cow, that's true.
Better than I've ever done.
And there was no wallet. There was no anything. I took it in my hand and I said,
Is this blonde anybody?
I can top you.
Nobody responded.
I can top you.
What was yours, Lloyd?
Top me, Lloyd.
$2,000.
$2,000.
Wrapped up in the banker thing.
The wrapper.
The paper wrapper. Middle of the street. I screeched to a stop. I dove on it. I dove back in my car.
Squealed away. And that's how Cookie Mongoloid went to Japan last year.
So you didn't have to be in the paper as one of those chuckleheads who finds a ton of money that fell off an armored truck
and then returned it because he was so honest.
That's the way a lot of action movies start.
Scene like that.
Finding the thousands.
Thousands of dollars.
Yes, that's the problem.
A few months later, Cookie Mongoloid was walking through the streets of Tokyo.
When you find that large jumbo mayonnaise jar full of cocaine or that suitcase full of money,
often somebody else is looking for it.
So you do have to take that into consideration.
I guess the best I ever did in this regard was once I went to a Burning Man Heat the Street fair
and I noticed there was a 20 lying on the grass near my shoes.
And then there was a whole bunch of them spread out, which I picked up.
A little bit more than a hundred bucks though.
I never found two grand.
That would be exceptionally favored.
Don't tell anyone.
I convince everyone that I went to Japan on my own hard sweat and labor and the labor of my blistered hands.
As you did.
Of course, this is all metaphorical language, not to be taken literally or seriously.
But if anybody finds $2,000 laying around in town during the next few years,

I did lose a big bunch of money.
So send that through subgenius.com if you find it.
If you want to be honest, you know, if you want to be able to live with yourself,
if you find that money or if you inherit that money even.
What title would that grant me in the subgenius church?
Supreme Sucker.
Bob's favorite.
Like a remora.
You know, now the evidence is back in the studio.
We are all together now.
Puzzling Evidence is back.
Yes, friends.
Puzzling Evidence, the host of that wild and wacky show, the Puzzling Evidence Show at KBMA.
Don't want my name in the Hall of Fame.
I just want a big fat pile of money.
Give me that almighty dollar for that lettuce.
Hear me holler.
Give me buckets for the ducats.
Let me walk around in water.
In Mazuba, El Dinero.
Want to be a billionaire.
Give me money, money, money, money, money.
And send it to.
That's the stuff.
A post office box.
One eight one four one seven Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
Four four one one eight.
That's post office box.
One eight one four one seven Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
Four four one one eight.
Thank you.
Great job.
Get me a suit.
It's made out of loot.
Bulls of radio.
We can say all the dirty words we want and ask for money without being cashiered by the authorities.
Get gold in touch.
That's what I mean.
He's my mood.
I'm I in a job changing out the haircuts and all the barber shops.
He's my mood.
I'm I in a job.
And he knows what he likes.
He doesn't like his women to wear a dirty socks because it doesn't make for a very friendly
fuck.
He's my mood.
I'm I in a job.
And he knows what he likes.
He knows what he likes.
He's my mood.
I'm I in a job changing out the haircuts and all the barber shops.
Keeping a 50s style alive.
But all the other stuff has to go.
It was a little barber who lived down the way.
I want to give a mohawk to make a bit more pay.
But when he gave the haircut,
he had his perm revoked and his shop was smashed.
His arms chopped up and all because I'm my mood.
I'm I in a job.
And he knows what he likes.
He's my mood.
I'm I in a job.
And he doesn't want you to work all the eyebrows out.
And he wants you to keep them growing all out.
He's a very, very, very strict man.
And he is the president of Iran.
He wants you to keep up to the rules of my mood.
I'm I in a job.
He doesn't want you to keep up to the rules of my mood.

He likes my mood.
I'm I in a job.
He's changing out the haircuts and all the barber shops.
He's my mood.
I'm I in a job.
And he knows what he likes.
He doesn't like a Pepsi.
He doesn't like the Coke.
He only have a refresco or a root of beer float.
But it has to be, has to be under Lenny and Flag.
To get into who known he's sag.
Now in Arabic.
My man.
In the muck.
My friend.
I'm in a job.
I'm I in a job.




And I'm here.
And I'm in the album.
And he knows what he likes.
And he knows what he doesn't like.
And he doesn't like this song.
And if you sing the song in this country,
he will have to come and get you and kill you.
over again. He's Mamoud
Aminajad.
And he's a very nice, nice man.
That cute song, friends, was by
The Cosmix,
about whom you may learn more
at www.thecosmix.com
www.thecosmix.com
And Cosmix is spelled funny.
That's C-O-S-M-I-K-S
www.thecosmix.com
Before that, eight minutes of a four-hour
session or season
in hell.
John Held's show on Pirate Cat Radio
with Dr. Hal K. Robb and Puzzling Evidence
and Mongoloid, Lloyd Mongoloid,
with whom we did a big devotional
in San Francisco.
And you can hear Pirate Cat Radio in San Francisco
at 87.9 FM
or PirateCatRadio.com
What's in Bob's head?
That research we heard was by
New Monet, read off by
yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang,
at a book signing at
the good Atomic Books in Baltimore.
The Bob collages in this show
were by Norell Preff
and the Hour of Slack Porkchops
were by Norell Preff.

were by Fernanda Nandeli-Murr.
This background music is from
Speed Cave
of SpeedCave.com
And now stay tuned
for important preaching
from yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang
and from Priestess Bysace.
Do you hear me, little bobbies?
You tell us what to do
and we'll follow orders.
Those two can eat us all, we'll snark.
Sure thing, it'll be a pleasure.
A pleasure?
Yeah.
Well, I guess so.
But I'm gonna make up for it.
Good.
So, now, some of you are hipsters
and art bugs.
You're going, oh, well,
luckily for me,
I don't work for the conspiracy.
I'm free.
I can forget about the conspiracy.
But they never forget about you, my friends.
No, sir, they've got your name and number.
You may even think they don't.
And yet, believe me, they do.
Because here's the worst part
of the conspiracy.
It's not really us versus them.
It's really just us.
The conspiracy is that ugly thing inside you
that makes you be shitty for no reason
or lazy in the wrong times
or overactive in the wrong.
It's just what fucks everything up.
And we, the first step in not being a dumbass
is to admit that you're a dumbass.
Hence, the Church of the Goddamn Son,





the God of the Subgenius.
We actually don't know everything.
But we do know that we haven't been getting enough slack.
Slack is what we want,
and slack is what we're going to get.
And the great thing about it is it's free.
It really is something for nothing.
As that robot said on the subgenius chat line,
slack will get you through times of no slack.
It's that simple.
A subgenius chat line is a subgenius chat line.


This is what we call self-amusing personalities.
They're not easily bored because even if they're stuck in a jail cell
with nothing to look at but their hand,
they'll figure out a whole story to go behind the lines
in their goddamn hands.
And when they get out of jail, they make fortune
as a fortune teller.
I just came up with that one.
That's kind of a good line.
The important thing, though, friends, is that Bob Dobbs, sure,
he's your personal savior tonight,
but he created the beautiful concept
of the short duration personal savior, or short-durper sad.
We live in a society full of planned obsolescence.
Every computer you buy is programmed to break down
the day after the warranty runs out.
Same with Bob. Sooner or later, and believe me,
I've been doing this 26 years.
I've seen it happen a million times.
Sooner or later, as much as you may love Bob,
you might be Bob tonight.
And as Bobbed up as you might, you might turn into one of those,
what we call Bobbies, the poor subgeniuses who just chant,
Bob, slap, Bob, slap all day long.
Hey, nothing wrong with that.
I did that for my first five years in Dobbs Town.
That's how I got my job.
But ultimately, you're going to get tired of it
and want to move away.
You'll find some other short duration personal savior.
It might be your loved one, if you
happen to be lucky enough to find such a thing, a true Yeti
mate.
It might just be your favorite TV show,
your favorite comic book, or porno star.
It could be anything.
It could be the bubble gum you're chewing right at this moment.
You know, one thing Bob advised was don't just eat, for instance.
Don't just eat that hamburger.
Eat the hell out of it!
And friends, you know, it's a quest for the perfect hamburger.
We've said that many times.
I'm going to let you all in on a secret.
Every hamburger.
What's the perfect hamburger?
If you eat the hell out of it.
That's kind of a Zen thing, you know?
Mint makes you think.
Don't do it!
Don't do it, friends!
You don't use your mind to think about your religion.
That just clutters it all up.
It didn't make any sense.
No religion makes sense.
Wouldn't be worth a hoot if it made sense.
Friends, it's slack.
That's the great thing about slack.
It doesn't have to make sense.
Make sense always make sense.
Who are you trying to impress anyway?
If you don't want to drink that dude's lighter fluid, I would recommend you head to the back
and get yourself something to drink.
Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Princess Piesys.
You've seen me up here earlier tonight, and I have a little tale to tell you.
Stisting went through subgenius 101 and told you the basics of being a subgenius, and I'm
actually going to share with you church secrets.
Yes!
I'm going to describe te spoiled subgenius 101.

you the stages of being a subgenius. There are several. The first stage of being a subgenius
is the meh stage. Which is meh. Why should I send 30 bucks to some smiling dude with
a pipe? Why do I want to do that? That's 30 bucks. You know what I could get for 30 bucks?
Half an egg! The second stage is the jump. In the jump stage you say, you know what?
Why not send some smiling guy and a pipe 30 bucks? What the hell? The next phase, my friends,
is the Bobby phase. I'm Bobby. The Bobby phase kind of goes like this. You go to your first
X day.
You've been listening to an hour of Slack. You've been watching the DVDs. You've bought
CDs. You've gone to the website. You've hung out in the chat room. You've been on Slack.
You have a hero. I've done that twice. There's this subgenius hero you have. They're on stage.
Oh my god. You get to see them in person and live. It's the most awesome thing ever. You're
like, wow. I got to see them. They're real. They're in the real world. They're real. They're
in person. This is so real and profound. As they get off the stage after their rant
and they walk down the steps and they're walking away, you say, hey, hey, hey, hi. I have every
single one of the hour of Slacks you've been on. I have every single DVD that you're on.
I have the recordings of what you did last X day. I have a little bit of everything you've
ever done. I just wanted to know if you wanted to come to my camp. I have a little bit of
music. I have some Budweiser. We're two roads back. There's a lot of mosquitoes, but I have
bug spray. We're going to play some D&D. Do you want to come?
Yes! Dungeons & Dragons!
Oh, you're busy?
Oh, fuck yeah.
You're going to Doc Croft's camp?
Fuck yeah.
Oh, okay. All right. Well, if you want to, you can come by later. I'll be there all night.
Oh, you don't think you'll have time?
No.
Oh, okay.
Oh, no.
All right. Well, I'll see you around then. And you go home from X day and you're disappointed
and you're heartbroken because you're a hero. You're a hero.
Huh?
Turns you down. And you think about it and you're like, you know what? They looked at
me like I had a third horn coming out of my head. They looked at me like I was some freak.
I'm not a freak. You know what? They're just elitists. They're in the hierarchy. They're

elitists. And they're just stuck up. And you know what? Screw them. You know what?
They're just hussies and dopeheads and hippies and kooks. And forget them, man, because I'm
special and damn it, I'm important. And screw them. And you spend a year soaking in this
hate and you go on Usenet and you post about how your hero, your ex-hero is just nothing
but a kook and a crack and your ex-hero is nothing of import. And you know what? You
have a bottle of scotch that's worth more than this dude. You know what? He is nothing.
He is worth nothing. He is nothing and he's a hack and he can't play music and he can't
rant and he's horrible. And damn it, you know what? You can do better. Damn it, you can't.
You'll show him because you're going to go to X day and you're going to get a little
bit on stage and you're going to rant and you're going to show him that elitist, hierarchy
bastard. You're going to show him that you're better than he is because you're going to
get up and rant. And you do. And you go to X day and you get on stage and you rant and
you rant your heart out with all that hate that you feel for that bastard who screwed
you over, who looked at you like you were the lowest of the low. And everyone loves it.
And you're redeemed. And everyone's excited about it and they come up to you and say,
wow, that was a great rant. What's your name? Who are you? Wow, that was fabulous. And Stang
puts you on hours of slack and people are exchanging copies of your rants on Usenet
and you're on the top of the world. And then so you're like, well, okay, I'll do it again
next X day. And next X day comes and you rant again. And it's great and everyone claps and
as you walk off the stage, this kid comes up to you and he's staring at you and he's
almost drooling on himself and he's shaking and he says, dude, I have every hour of slack
that you're on. I bought every DVD that you were on. I've got the DVD of last X day. Your
stuff is the best ever. Oh my God, you're so great. We're camped about two roads back.
And yes, I'm not saying that you're the best, but I'm saying that you're the best. And you're
like, oh, yeah, there's some mosquitoes, but we've got bug spray and I've got some Budweiser
and we're going to play D&D. And you say, well, really, I appreciate the offer and everything,
but I'm going to Doc Croft's camp. And then after that, I'll be sort of milling around
with some friends I haven't seen in a while. And I just don't think I'll make it all the
way to the other end of the campground to see you. And I'm really sorry, but it was
nice meeting you. And you scurry away because that guy is really creepy. And I'm like,
Oh, my God, you're the best. And you go home and you look at all the slack. And there's
these people saying these horrible things about you. They're talking about how you're
elitist and you're stuck up and they're calling you a slut and a hussy and they're awful and
mean to you. And then you realize you're a member of the hierarchy. Bob's speaking through
me. Yeah. Where have we heard that one before?
A common delusion.
That are just falling down.
And couldn't get up.
Do you feel foaming at the mouth?
Fomenting your mouth.
We're fomenting hoof and mouth.
All you can hear is just like the word Bob reverberating in your head.
The word Bob and the word Bob and only the word Bob.
And the weird Bob resonating in your head.
Kill the people in Omaha?
Philo is showing me the listeners on the Internet. I can see this map of the planet.
Yeah, go to hybrid.
It shows all seven listeners.
Look how grotesque they are. They scarcely look like human beings.
There's Sven of Shining Path of Least Resistance. There's Lily Jing in the middle of Mongolia.
Shining Path, send me your email so I can come visit you in Osaka.
There's some poor devil in Brock.
I believe that is the devil.
And if you go to hybrid, you can go right down to their house and see which end of the house the radio connection is.
Yes, I guess he could never come.
But there are more doctors than listeners, face it.
Yeah. Well, unfortunately that's always been true in some shows.
Well, no, that's how we like liberate the audience, man.
It's like we would sit, we'd start off on stage with our doctor music.
Then we'd like relinquish our like instruments to the audience.
And that was like the way we were cool.
But now there's like this global coolness deficit.
Except in Antarctica.
Yeah, there's like the global coolness is diminishing.
In Antarctica especially.
Well, there's still cool there.
There's coolness in Antarctica.
Yeah, there's still some cool people there.
Yeah, the laptop does. It's pretty cool there.
Man, if we don't do something about global coolness, like there's just not going to be any coolness left.
That's right.
It's going to be like a totally uncool, globally uncool world.
Well, just don't lose your coolness, man.
I mean, dude.
Dude?
Dude.
Tide.
Don't call me dude.
Yeah, I mean Tide.
What?
Bob's speaker's up through a terrible bunch of swags.
It's not cool, Tide.
We have a methane crisis right now.
It's like majorly bum-stacious.

And Bob also speakers through a...
My god, babe.
It's behind, Tide.
Yeah.
Bob's speaker through small crevices and crannies in walls between grandpas and crannies.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, can you do that?
Oh, anyway, then all of a sudden he's moving now, all of a sudden.
Okay, I just moved it.
Yep.
And now it's all different again.
Now Dr. Drummond can operate that mind control machine while blithering.
That's what I wanted to do was control some more minds here before the show goes away.
He's been sitting on the computer spying on the listeners using Google Earth.
Yeah, I know.
The internet listeners.
Yeah, we have exactly seven of them and they're equally spread across the globe.
No, there's actually a lot more than seven.
Yeah, those are just the little places downloading the show.
He was looking down the chute of the back porch chimney.
There's probably about 40 of them.
There's a chute of the back porch chimney of one of the listeners.
Where was that?
Where was that?
Where was that?
You were just looking.
You were saying that they were in the back of the house.
Anywhere except Santa Cruz.
Listener in New York, you were in the back of your house according to Google Earth.
Hey, what time does the eye frock come in?
That's where the connection comes in.
And it's not where the target, I mean the listener is.
It's not where the target, I mean the listener is.
It's where the connection comes into the house.
Going down, down, down.
So be careful about the thermal sighting.
Oh, I see.
Go to the eye frock.
Yeah, switch it over to the eye frock.
Yeah, I want to go to the eye frock.
I want to go to the eye frock.
I want a thermal eye frock, you from the east.
The thermal view is actually off of Eastern Parkway and Kingston Avenue in New York City
near the Thoracic Hospital.
I want chicken fried frock.
You know, have you ever done a lot of subgenius stalking on the internet?
Yes, I do a lot of subgenius stalking.
Well, it goes on all the time.
A very safe way to stalk.
Yeah, you can stalk from afar without causing any kind of legal problems.
Yeah, but the subgenius stalking market isn't always going down.
It's a legal problem.
And since Google Earth has done that detailed treatment of San Francisco, I've been able
to stalk you guys.
I'm stalking this listener right now.
There was a shot.
If you type in Dr. Howell's address, you can be looking right at his front door.
I did that once.
And he was standing there.
And he had just walked in to his house.
Coincidence or conspiracy?
There was like a thermal ghost image of Dr. Howell going into the door.
Because they told my ghost.
And I'm going to start again.
Lettering by Becky Wilson.
Right now, I'm zooming in on this listener.
And I can see the back of the house.
Didn't Becky Wilson marry Ted Schultz?
I'm afraid to tell you, that's not the house.
That's as close as I can get.
He became a formidable insect specialist.
I just can't remember anything from yesterday.
Becky Wilson married Ted Schultz?
But you know, the mind plays strange tricks.
Look at those houses.
I'm sure you thought so.
Sometimes.
I said you saw.
The supposedly paranoid person feels they're being watched somehow, as if by some eye in
the sky.
And yet, in fact, Dr. Philodrumon is watching you right now through satellite views of gargle
earth.
If you've ever felt that vast and cool intelligence is remote from yours, we're studying you from
miles away.
It's not that vast, nor that cool.
But it is a form of intelligence known as Dr. Philodrumon, stalking you, the listener.
Yes, just as you listen to us, we can see you through the Google Earth spy eye.
But can you see?
You can look through Google Earth and at the station.
And if you felt secure before, you will never feel secure again.
We are watching you.
And the camera can see down to your under-lens.
And we're going to report on everything.
And we're going to report on everything.
We're going to report on everything you do.
But can't they see us by the same token?
No, just your underwear.
They see us 25 years ago.
We're young and free and jumping around like crazy.
Okay, now, what's a Google Earth spy eye?
We were never that young.
Listen to those without a screen.
I've seen those pictures and they've all been faked.
We were not that young.
Somebody got into my archives and cleverly replaced all my old photos with photos of
handsome young actors playing us.
It's a hard thing to do.







It's a hard day's night of the living days.
I've seen those pictures and those are not us.
I was there and I don't remember that.
That's how it goes.
If you remember it, then I wasn't you.
It was like that band, The Monkees.
It was completely faked.
Our entire past histories were faked.
Now I don't know if all our listeners need to hear our personal private...

This show always has a reputation for exposing the real secrets of the various churches,
and that's one of them.
That's right.





But we're not that young folks.
We don't exist.
You're listening to nothing.
We never did exist.
We've kidded ourselves on that score.
We never were anything but recordings.
You're really harsh in my mellow, man.
We still are.
But we're good recordings.
But imagine our shock to find out all of the photos were completely faked.
And in fact, even the radio and audio recordings were faked.
Yeah, but we don't owe any money.
They were from that database.
We've never had a DMV record.
Look, you can see the oil spills.
All of that.
I had the DTs, I'll admit it, but I'm fine now.
You can see the people on the bottom of the ocean out here.
Yes, it's not a pleasant sight.
I was able to find where Skull Island used to be on Google Earth.
Those are pearls that were his eyes.
Southwest of Sumatra.
Really?
Yes.
You can see the latitude and longitude in that shot where Denim shows the map.
Did you notice that?
Yeah.
Show it.
In the lower right-hand corner.
And you can go there on Google Earth and see the spot where Skull Island sank beneath
there.
There it is.
I'm on Skull Island right now.
There's nobody listening to the show.
I'm sinking.
Philo is looking at something labeled Skull Island, but Skull Island, as we know, sank
in the forest.
Northern Territory, Australia.
Well, I thought that was propaganda.
Skull Island, Northern Territory, Australia.
They said that so nobody would go there and disturb its delicate ecosystem.
Dang.
Wow.
Okay, thanks.
Cool.
That is so cool.
Isn't that cool?
That is so cool.
So there's a Skull Island site.
I'm going to zoom down on Skull Island.
You can go there and...
Yeah.
In Northern Territory, Australia.
I'm sorry, but we don't have imagery at this zoom level for this region.
Try zooming out for a broader look.
Maybe we can just have a moment of silence for this background.
I'm looking at some broads, eh?
Oh, yeah.
I'm looking at broads now.
I've just got an explanation on how that...
All right, all right.
Boys, boys, please.
So what would Fighting Father O'Donovan think?
Wow.
That looks good.
It's a...
Time for a nooner.
Look, we're right near Watson Island and the North Island.
Needle, needle.
Is that like a river?
It's not going to...
I'm on the show.
You know, Darwin found eight separate species of grebes here.
It runs like a river.
Putting together the puzzle of...
Through the gullies and gutters of Haldimand.
This was the voyage of the schnauzer.
Sergeant Ernie Schnauzer.
Top of the morning to you.
And young Chucko.
And Lieutenant Morphy.

And the
And their great buddy, God.
On thy belly shall thou go.
Yes, God is the mo of the universe.
I sometimes feel like a mo in a sea of curlews.
The sun's always shining.
The flowers are always growing.
But most subgeniuses are Larry.
A stone's brand in this ocean of stimpies.
Because this is...
What?
A religion.
There it is.
And everything's fine.
I'm still feeling...
I'm fine.
Are you fine?
I am fine.
Yes, you are.





Are you fine?
Yeah, I'm fine.
I'm okay.
You're okay.
You're just merely exerting our God-given right to perpetrating illicit rumors and false
trance.

I mean that your God-given right to perpetrate rumors and false trance...
It's my God-given right to lie on the air.
You lie like a lumpy lump.
This is a photograph.
What do these mean?
Pornographs.
Oh, let me see those.
It's my God-given right to kill your family and take their money and jewelry.
All in good time, my boy.
I'm sorry.








It's within my slack.
It's within my slack.
We must...
If I want to like...
Oyster down the road of life.
...kill somebody, that would be within my slack, right, Bob?
Just his way.
It's your God-given right to be an oyster.
Yes, you, yes, you can lie on the air once you learn slack levitation.
You can rise above it all effortlessly while laying prone and snoring.
You can be boring poetically with your eyes closed.
So wake up and join the Church of the Subgenius if you care and dare.
That's subgenius.com on the wet or on the dry.
Post Office Box 181417.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
44118.
And now, thanks to Dr. Sinister's show, I'm going to go away.
Reverend Sanger, I had one question for you before you go about the hour of slack.
Yes, the hour of slack, yes.
Yeah, last week it was show 1,000 and something, and this week it was show 1,100
and something.
Oh, on WCSB, they're plight all out of order for special...
Oh, yeah.









...difficult to explain reasons.
Mainly because we'll suddenly do a live show in the midst of a whole bunch of recorded
shows and the numbering seems odd in WCSB land, but the other stations which are not
lucky enough to have it produced right there in their studios, they generally probably
play them in order.
And they appear on the internet in ordure, framed in a sort of a...
...a...
...a frame of ordure.
...a red mahogany.
...on subgenius.com.
Okay, thank you for cleaning that up.
In fact, you can hear what we're saying right now all over again on WCSB.org.
.org.
But you can't in...
.org.
...Seybu, Samoa, Fiji, or Saipan.
I can't believe we've still got...
Actually, you know, I take that back.
I thought we had 35 listeners.
I thought we had 35 listeners.












...and we only have 35 listeners.
But most of them are all the same IP address.
Oh...
Now at the KPFA station, they can look at a Google Earth map that has a little pinpoint
icon showing where each of their internet listeners are.
Well it shows where they're...
...and they can spy on them from above through Google Earth.
Well, it only shows where the server is located.
That they're...
...or the, you know, their ISP is located.
Right.
We wasted a couple of missiles before somebody told me that.
Yeah.
They went, man, the guy's probably not even in the back.
Sometimes it's not even in the same city.
Sometimes it's not even in the same city.
Never actually blamed the missile company where the fault really lied.
Yeah, they can watch their listeners from Google satellites with the thermal vision.
They can see right through the roof.
Nice.
And with the right kind of digital radios, you know, we can hear the listeners if they had anything to say.
But if they red dot your house too much, it means your microwaves, probably your more expensive brain control equipment is not going to work,
especially during the summertime or in the approaching holidays.
That's why I don't have cable TV or any TV.
I don't let the TV television in my house because it doesn't matter if they're watching you.
It's whether you're watching it.
Exactly.
Yeah, you can't have any co-ops nearby or else you're viewed.
Right.
It's bad enough that we're listening to the radio.
But this is radio we make for ourselves by calling in to 216-
No, Valfy.
The S-5.
Contributing to the conversation.
You gave me an ear infection.
Oh, yeah.
That's better than some of the infections I've given some listeners just over the airwaves, you know.
Well, maybe Stang actually did also get one of those little red sip slips explaining.
What to do and who you have to speak to if you find a used condom in your ear canal.
The Black Museum.
A repository.
The Black Museum.
Not very pretty to look in.
Here we are.
Here we are.
A bathtub.
Yes, a bathtub.
It's ugly.
You got everything straight, Rod?
Rod?
Yeah.
All set.
Let's go.
Here we go.
Rod, let's do it.
Right.
No!
And Detective Sergeant Wood.
Not very much of anything, have we, Sergeant?
Yeah, well, let's hear it, Wilson.
How do you do?
How do you do, Wilson?
Sit down.
Yeah, well, let's hear it, Wilson.
Yeah, go on, Wilson.
You're certain of this, Wilson?
Oh, yes.
Very good, Wilson.
Up and down.
In and out.
In and out.
Oh, Pop might know something, Inspector.
You, Pop?
That's me.
Who are you?
Sergeant Wood.
Yes?
Every nook and cranny, Inspector.
It may be interesting, if nothing else.
Maybe.
Maybe not.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember, Sergeant Wood.
Another pint of ale, please.
Oh, well, so it goes, I will say.
Another couple of pints, please, miss.
I don't know nobody.
I don't know nothing.
You'll get off easily.
I never did.
I can't say it.
I can't.
But they do.
We don't have to believe anything.
You got her.
Got her.
Got her.
Post-war disease of violence.
And now, until we meet next time in the same place.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
