Sometimes I speak English, sometimes I don't.
You were outside my house yesterday.
You frightened my wife.
What do you want?
Who are you?
Who are you?
What?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Are you a fish?
Are you a fish?
No.
Are you a snake?
Are you a man?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you? Who are you? Who are you?
Are you Nurgle?
Yes.
The subgenius powerhouse.
One of the worst moments you may ever experience.
Yes, it is.
How come?
Let's go sit down, talk this over.
From NPR News in Washington, I'm unlikely to endanger residents.
The White House has President Trump.
Tuesday.
But, quote, quote, the U.S. government has favorable PR news.
Organic peroxides are used to make PR news.
And we expect these products will ignite at some point in the coming days.
And they all loved it.
The Dow Jones 39218765.
The Labor Department says the economy's created 156,000 percent over the 12 months ending in August, according to the latest jobs report from the government.
However, this is PR news in Washington.
Oh, thank you, Lemur.
That dialogue at the very beginning is from the 1977 Australian end of the world movie called the last wave directed by Peter Weir, as in we are dough with Richard Chamberlain and some Australian Aborigine actors.
One of my favorite end of the world movies.
Next, our buddies exposed forehead.
have a new song out.
And here it is called
Watch Out by Exposed Foreheads.
They're all around searching the surface
Freaking us out, making us nervous
We can't let our location be known
Let's escape on our own
Watch out, the second trap
Watch out, no time for that
Watch out, push to the limit
Watch out, step it in it
Watch out, step it in it
Watch out, we stand together
All with all
We are here, one and all
Watch out, the second trap
Watch out, no time for that
Watch out, push to the limit
Watch out, step it in it
Watch out, there's so many problems
Too many to mention
They're only problems if they're paying attention
Don't count us out before our numbers up
We haven't fallen but we're gonna get up
Watch out, the second trap
Watch out, there's no time for that
Watch out, push to the limit
Step in, ladies.
Let's go, ladies.
Dim dawn, the wicked witch is dead.
Milagro!
Weight had been lifted.
Dear friend, do you think just maybe,
maybe this whole political ordeal has been affecting some of us more than we realized?
Psychosomatic?
Or just plain psycho?
I'm definitely still plenty paranoid.
My fevered mind came up with all kinds of sick scenarios.
The scariest one involved...
involving nuclear codes and deals with Russia.
Trump fired the guy in charge of the nuclear codes a couple of days ago,
possibly after realizing he'd lost.
Maybe he had a deal with Putin
to disable America's nukes near the end of his second term
and let the Russians nuke Democrat cities with impunity
and take over what's left of the country
in return for Trump's...
Trump's debts being forgiven
and he'd get a new 13-year-old girl every day in his secure St. Petersburg mansion.
But then it sunk in that he's gonna have to move the schedule up by four years.
Paranoid?
I sure hope so.
But I've...
You know, I've got to admit, I've been greatly cheered by lurking on right-wing websites and Facebook pages,
which I do anyway.
Uh, tasting.
The bitter tears of the poor shattered snowflakes
as they deny reality just as hard as their little tiny brains can.
Uh, that's been almost worth the wait.
Talk about pulling the wool over their own eyes.
Not like me, of course.
But what was totally worth the wait
was Sandy Boone's documentary feature film about the church,
which is on Amazon now, and, uh,
Voodoo...
Or is it Hulu?
Or Hoodoo?
Or whatever.
And YouTube and Roku, and I don't know what all.
Um...
It's...
It says what all at dobbstown.net.
I heard Netflix will be showing it soon.
The full title is J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius.
Although I think if you just type in subgenius, you'll get it and other odd related things.
...
Well, I hadn't even planned this episode, uh, number 1804.
But at least I was inspired to get back to Tarzan's radio station and do something live,
or at least not from 1986.
As much as I like those old-timey hours of slack.
Uh, so...
Well, oh, by the way, this music in the background is the Empire Jazz Orchestra,
an album called Symphonies in Riffs.
And it's actually really, really good music.
Anyway, I guess I need to go audition some of the mountain of contributions from total strangers
and new friends that have built up over the last month.
Uh...
When...
Actually, my back hurt too much for me to sit and listen to hours of stuff critically.
But first, this!
Welcome to Film School Radio, the on-air online showcase for the best in independent documentary and foreign films,
every Friday morning from 9 to 10 a.m. Pacific and online at filmschoolradio.com.
I'm your host, Mike Caspar.
What started out as a joke.


An inside joke among two self-proclaimed weirdos from Fort Worth, Texas,
soon becomes much more than they bargained for
when they decide to turn their conservative Southern ideology on its head
and invent a new religion all their own.
In J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
we go on quite a journey.
It is remarkable and it is fun and it is irreverent,
and it's sometimes, in a weird way, serious as well.
So, I think that's a great way to sort of get our conversation started.
And I'm going to introduce to our audience the director, producer, and writer,
and that would be Sandy K. Boone,
as well as the Right Reverend, Philo Drummond, or Steve Wilcox.
To both of you, welcome to Film School Radio.
Thank you.
Thanks, good to be here.
Yes, thank you so much.
Like I said, I just had so much fun with this film.
Let me start by asking the director, producer, and writer of J.R. Bob Dobbs
and the Church of the Subgenius, and that would be Sandy K. Boone,
how did you hear about this particular church?
How did you hear about all this?
Well, actually, my late husband was a member of the group,
and he met them.
He had a dear friend that was in Dallas, Texas,
and they came all together and they were playing.
He took him to go listen to a band.
He was in a band called the Pink Boys,
and they were all part of this group or knew this group,
and that's how we originally met.
So my late husband really was the reason he made the movie called
Invasion of the Illuminate People,
which was also inspired by the Church of the Subgenius.
And I'll use a lot of the clips of my late husband's movie
in the Subgenius movie.
What year was this?
Was this fairly recent or was it back in the day?
When was that?
Oh, no, no, no.
That was...
The original movie was done in 1980, 80, 81.
Yeah, for Invasion of the Illuminate People.
But the group knew each other, 79, 80, that era.
And Funk was thriving.
And we were in Dallas, and then we had moved to Austin
to go to film school here at UT.
Well, let's bring into our conversation Dr. Drummond,
Steve Wilcox.
Dr. Drummond.
Tell us a little bit about your getting together
with Reverend Ivan Stang, also known as Douglas Smith.
Tell us a little bit about the origin story of all of this.
Okay.
Well, we'd gotten together on just some kind of a group of people
that were artistic and creative, and we had these Sunday brunches.
And it was about the time of when Jim Jones had the thing going on
in Guyana.
He talked 900 people into committing suicide drinking the Kool-Aid.
Where that expression came from now, right?
And so we decided that, you know, well, gosh,
if he could talk 900 people into killing themselves,
couldn't we talk 900 people into giving us a dollar?
You know, I mean, it's got to be simple.
And so Reverend Stang and I got the idea that we needed to start
our own religious cult.
And actually, there was another, you know, another motivation going on.

He and I both thought that we were really funny guys,
and that we thought we ought to be able to write comedy.
And one of the things we thought might be a good vehicle to display
our talents would be to put this silly pamphlet together that was
recounting this secret organization.
So we spent a lot of time visiting with the Scientologist and Ken Carr
and all these various people.
And we had this spinoff kind of organizations that were, you know,
new agey, kind of new age, new world religions and things.
And we went to a lot of seminars, and he and I would sit in the front row,
and we would be taking copious notes about what we ought to include
in our religion.
You know, we had to make it kind of like a Frankenstein monster where we
could take from every familiar trope from every major religion and mix it
with all these weird things.
And we would take from every weird offshoots, these cult-like religions,
and come up with this pamphlet that we could leave places.
And actually the leaving was secondary to the mailing out to,
we mailed the, initially mailed the pamphlet to 350 publishers because we
were still thinking we'd get a job, you know.
Somebody would sit and go, oh, this is funny.
We should hire these guys.
You know, like that really happens.
So anyway, we were still young and naive and thought that was a problem.
We thought that was a possibility.
Actually, we were shooting for Saturday Night Live.
We thought that's where we ought to be writing comedy, you know.
Yeah, yeah.
So we put together this pamphlet.
We mailed it out, and we started leaving it in places we didn't know what to do.
It was hard to find a distributor for something that weird.
And so we kind of started leaving it in the same places that all the weird
religious organizations did.
It was like a super Chick track we could leave in places.
We even had a thing where we would visit, you know,

local record stores and secondary type, you know, alternative stores and things like that.
And we would sneak in there and leave our pamphlets on their periodical shelf.
It was always interesting to me.
I wish I could have figured out what it would be like to be at the store when somebody brought it up to ring up.
And this was the first maybe the first time that the person who was ringing it up had even seen it.
But we called that drop lifting.
It was like the opposite of shoplifting, you know.
So we did that for a while.
Thank you, ancient subgeniuses of the past.
And now from the Dobstown Mirror, a word of caution.
That time when you alone felt joy.
It was like you were held high.
Like you were held hostage by angels.
And then released and told, go tell your people what you have seen.
Do tell.
And send your confessions to stang at subgenius dot com.
Or uncleonan at gmail dot com.
But remember, regarding every subgenius show, read this twice.
It's a fact.
Some of the cosmic truths of the Church of the Subgenius are downright disgusting.
Just remember that J.R. Bob Dobbs has chewed them up first before he spit them in our mouths.
Prior to that, it was even worse.
Not a bucket shop.
If you're stirring your coffee or tea and you hit the inside of the mug, that's a sign that you'll have good luck that day.
If you don't hit the inside of the mug, that's a sign you'll make clever choices that day.
Invent your superstitions such that you can't lose either way.
They're just as real as any other superstition.
If you're telling yourself stories, tell yourself stories.
Stories that don't cause you to continue to feel miserable.
Here's one.
A little saying.
From the same author of Dobbs Dot Town Mirror.
Rat in your path?
Good at math.
You can do it too, friends.
Our music in the background is Bernard Herrmann's classic score for the...
Mysterious Island.
The 1960's Ray Harryhausen classic.
Based on Jules Verne's.
Very different novel.
And...
Now this.

Jack could never read her tattoos without her arm outstretched to slap him.
Under the current healthcare plan, neither could afford glasses.
Jack first came to Jill's attention with the shine of the noonday sun off the gold crown on his left molar whilst standing on a hill.
Jill captured Jack's interest, showing cleavage whilst bending over to pick up her pride.
Jack inserted a dandelion into the chest crack, marveling at the yellow reflection.
Butter!
He said proudly with a beaming grin.
As the hand approached his face for a muddy slap, he said,
He glimpsed the tattoo.
Mother!
In a heart.
With an anchor.
Snake coiling and hissing around it.
Jack, on the ground, shakes his head and looks upon the sun-drenched silhouette of Jill, fists clenched, ready for battle.
I'm thirsty!
Get me something to drink!
She demands.
Jack, being a lawyer and realizing the implications of a woman scorned, obediently travels down the hill to comply.
Jill hears the approaching sound from the idiot cat bells on his floppy, foppish hat and perks up in anticipation.
She finds out that she's being banned from the party.
Jack returns with a plastic one-gallon bottle of pure artisan spring water.
Guaranteed no preservatives, just water.
Yes, ma'am.
Just water.
You stupid simpleton!
Jill shrieks.
I said I wanted a drink.
Blurred vision is one thing, but your conversation is even worse without alcohol.
alcohol's precious numbing agents?"
It was a curiously strange sound as the plastic jug met the side of Jack's head.
Pressure popped the twist-off cap's seal, and water sprayed everywhere.
Jill breathed heavily, still pissed, and look at Jack's laying body, blood mingling
with water, grass turning black.
She wringed her wet tank top out over him and once again noticed the gleam from his
mouth, nearly blinding.
. . .
Jill pulled out her Popeil's Pocket Fisherman, only available for this short time, and if
you buy now, will include a whalebone chicken scratcher, free.
But that's not all.
Here's a prairie tooth pouch in all-occasion black-tie camouflage.
She extracted that shiny golden molar without a moan and wiped the blood off on her pre-distressed
and frayed short shorts.
Falling back on her fat, gelatinous ass in the grass, Jill again looked upon her former
friend.
Blue, mixing with red.


Red like a Lichtenstein painting.
Black outline and all.
Her ringed water dots representing the pseudo-silk screening process.
She put out her foot, wrapped in classic 1970s dingo boots with patented stitching and genuine
leather currently found under vintage.
And...
She was on eBay and kicked Jack down the hill.
He rolled, he tumbled, he bounced, and at one point she could swear the goddamn thing
jumped.
The climax wasn't all that exciting.
Just a quick puff of dust that settled quickly.
Jill.
Jill.
Jill.
Licked her dry lips and lit a cigarette.
Water makes me thirsty, she mumbled, and waved wearily at a circling, hovering man.
The extreme weirdo calling itself Sheridan did that.
Titled Jack and Jill from his double CD called Didn't See That Coming.
That Sheridan guy is very original.
Now we're going to temporarily take a turn even further into scariness and horror with
a song by our pal Molg and his band Cult of Zier from the excellent new album Better Living
Through Confirmation Bias.
I'm Jack and Jill.
See you next week.
Have a great weekend!
Bye for now.
Turn away
There's nothing here for you today
Turn black
Turn away
My heart yearns black
Turn black
Turn away
My love burns black
Turn away
I've gone fishing
Off the deep end
Today
That kind of love is just a loathsome trap
I'll pay the tax and try to snatch it back
Burn away
Blame crying
Just wise to wish her free
Turn black
Turn black
Turn black
Turn black
Turn black

Turn, oh turn uh
Turn back

Hey-hat
I know a taste of ist



It got you


For you

We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We need a long-term turnaround
We will be so still
We will be moving forward
To the time when
The sun should come into the stars






Still Di tu


This time we'll be so happy And we'll be, maybe we'll be
This time we'll be so happy
Bleeding hearts with busted brains
Necompeddling drug convictions
We can leave those busted brains behind
We can leave those larynthroglodytes
You can leave your television
You can leave your news subscription
You can have new education
Maybe even good race relations
This time we'll be, maybe we'll be
So happy
And we'll be, maybe we'll be
This time we'll be so happy
We won't take their mind control
We won't take their fluoridation
We don't need the smart patrol
We can choose our medication
This time we'll be, maybe we'll be
This time we'll be so happy
And we'll be, maybe we'll be
This time we'll be so happy
Yeah, we'll be
Yes, I will be
Yes, I will be
so happy
And we'll be
Maybe we'll be
Yes, I will be
so happy
Yeah, we'll be
Yes, I will be
Yes, I will be
so happy
It will be, it will be, it will be
that I haven't seen before.
Brother, can you spare some slack?
Make America funny again.
Souls cleansed while you wait.
You may have already won.
This item inspected by number 13013.
Dear Reverend Stang,
I hope this letter finds you well.
I recently watched and thoroughly enjoyed
the documentary J.R. Bob-Bob's
and the Church of the Subgenius,
and wanted to reach out
while we're still on this planet together
to thank you and Philo for starting the church.
I think when people see how old we are,
they go, oh man, I need to, I need to,
I've been putting this off.
He could croak any minute.
I don't recall exactly the year I joined the subgenius,
but it was during that wonderful lost time
before the internet changed everything.
I miss those days of finding jack chick tracks
in bathrooms or reading,
in fact sheet five,
and of course high weirdness by mail,
to find the latest saucer cult
or alternate religion to seek mail from.
The fringe was so serious,
but in a funny way.
Now in the Trump side down,
it's serious in a terrifyingly fascist way
without a sense of humor.
What the hell happened?
I prefer conspiracies with a dash of humor.
And this is a familiar lament.
2020 has been a hell of a year.
Multiple deaths in the family, one COVID related.
My spouse with MS and bypass surgery for myself
a few weeks back have made it hard to keep the funny.
Yet I have found funny,
having joined a subgenius group on Facebook of all things.
The genuine humor and oddity of my subgenius brothers
and sisters have helped weather the storm
with the panacea of laughter.
And in spite of any hardships,
I do find myself blessed with an abundance of slack.
I do as I please and am living comfortably,
though my community is about as pink as they get.
For those of us who identify with the trickster spirit,
who realize the tarot's fool is also its ascended master,
it's our offbeat humor that gives us our power.
For we who never fit in and honestly didn't want to,
who saw the popular kids as a nightmarish existence,
the church of the subgenius gave us common ground.
I love this congregation of the misfit,
the strange and the odd.
I do too, even after 35 years of it.
We fight the corrupting conspiracy of normalcy,
fully aware the inmates have been running the asylum.
We get the joke and by God, the joke is on them.
For all the evangelicals who quote, see the signs, unquote,
how many of them have noticed they've been
voting for a political party with a satanic elephant
for their national symbol.
Do we really need to put the sixes in those stars
for them to wake up?
It's the Republican logo with the stars across the elephant.
I don't think it would matter if they're not us,
the few, the odd, the subgenius.
Thank you again for starting the greatest joke of all time,
Praise Bob, from Reverend Tyrannosaurus Blasphemous.
Wow, and like I say, he sent five bucks.
Well, thank you, Reverend Blasphemous.
I should mention, though, that there are indeed
Republican subgeniuses, plenty of them.
I don't think there's many QAnon subgeniuses.
Hey, I've got a hint for y'all.
I'm Q. I'm the one who's been doing those.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.








Take that back, because somebody will believe me.
They've believed weirder crap, let me tell you.
There's been times when I couldn't believe
what people believed that I had said.
I mean, stuff I said, and they believed it.
Stuff that came from Church of the Subgenius.
They take it as gospel, as well they should,
but they forget the other way they should take it.
And if they can't,
they can't take it.
Well, I don't want to say it on the radio, but fuck them.
Anyway, friends, yes, this has been a long stretch,
and of course it's not over.
It's kind of like we're entering Act 3
of the National Twilight Zone nightmare.
And let's hope it's funnier
than the rest of the show.


It's kind of like the previous act.
You know what I'm saying?
And it doesn't end in car crashes and explosions
and, you know, bad monsters.
Cool monsters, that's different.
Oh, and friends, have I mentioned Ask Dr. Hal?
It's now on Zoom every month.
I think it's the second Sunday.
You'll have to look at, what is it,
gonzotronics.net slash A-D-H-S, Dr. Hal.
There'll be a link.
By the time you look at subgenius.com,
there'll be a link to it,
and possibly in the events section.
We haven't been doing many other events.
We did X-Day all on Zoom.
And by the way, incidentally,
I recorded days of X-Day ranting,
sometimes with, you know,
this kind of,
informal hour of Slack type things,
but also hours and hours of just people
standing in the road talking
using the Zoom thing.
And it was really fun.
It was great seeing the new people
and lots of our old friends.
But the audio from that is just,
I'm not going to inflict it on y'all.
I tried for a couple of shows,
but it sounds just,
I know the radio stations
really don't want that kind of audio.

I mean, I don't know if they're going to

coming over their airwaves.
It makes them look bad.
You know, it makes people fiddle with their dial
to see what's wrong with it.
And also, it's really hard to edit
because there's constant references to visual things,
which are just frustrating to the subgenius
listening on his car radio or her car radio,
or its, whatever.
I'm not even going to go there.
I wouldn't know how.
Anyway, praise Bob.
Everything's moving.
Much, much better here on this end,
as long as I don't try to heave any more
riding mowers out of ditches by myself
or chase armadillos around the yard while filming them,
trying to get real good low angles.
God, I couldn't get out of bed for a week after that.
It was a pretty funny video, though.
My YouTube channel, friends,
it's got a lot of wildlife pictures on it now.
But I've got so many projects to do, friends.
Eyelash, the second book that we published after Neighbor World,
should be out in about a month or so.
It still needs a little more proofreading
and one more proof copy,
and I haven't been good about that.
And I have all these books I want to put together.
I'm not going to do them all.
I'm going to do all the other subgenius books,
old stuff that nobody's ever seen,
and reprints of old stuff that people have seen,
and new stuff.
But I'm 67.
I'm beginning to think maybe what I should do
rather than try to finish all these projects myself
in the next 10 years or so
is to get them ready for somebody else to finish.
It's going to take me 10 years just to get all these things.
Seriously, there must be at least
a dozen subgenius books
that are basically already done
on the creative end.
A lot of technical stuff has to be done.
And videos.
I want to do an addendum to Sandy's documentary about us.
I have 60 more hours of footage that nobody's seen,
and nobody's going to see most of it.
But I went out and interviewed people myself,
like Lonesome Cowboy Dave and G. Gordon Gordon,
who never ended up in the movie.
And there were about 25 people who got interviewed for that movie
and weren't in it at all.
I don't have that footage.
But I could probably get it.
I don't know.
Anyway, I'm just rattling and rattling
because I'm excited to be out of bed
and alive
and at least act one and two.
Act two are over.
We'll see how act three goes.
Meanwhile, thanks to the Empire Jazz Orchestra,
some of whom are subgeniuses
that we now see every week on the weekly Zoom chat.
That's another thing, friends.
You'll look at subgenius.com for the links to that.
I haven't been advertising it much,
but every Saturday,
subgeniuses get together and just hang out on Zoom.
They don't talk about Bob much,
or if at all.
You never know what they're going to be talking about.
Anyway...
Praise Bob.
The Empire Jazz Orchestra.
And now this.
In any event, we have more questions.
So, Dr. Howell, if you are ready.
I'm ready.
I'll try to answer them in a faster way
if there are a lot of them.
Actually, let me really quickly play
Reverend Stang's question for you.
I'm going to queue it up.
Let's have that one.
Yes, it's an honor.
Dr. Howell.
There he is.
I came up with the greatest question ever for you
the other night,
but I didn't write it down.
And now I've forgotten it.
No.
What was it?
Oh, wait.
I think I remember you getting this question before.
Yeah, I get a lot of them.
Forget that one.
Over again.
Dr. Howell, why, starting yesterday,
did the chronic pain in my back and neck
suddenly go away?
Why this inexplicable desire to roll over on my back
and have sleepy Joe Biden rub my belly?
Why this strange compulsion to masturbate
to Jill Biden and Kamala Harris?
Are these somehow connected?
Thank you for your answer.
And I'll pay you Tuesday.
That must be the second Tuesday of the month.
I mean, of the week.
Well, dear Reverend Stang,
the question seems hauntingly familiar.
I have a feeling I even answered it earlier
on this program.
But I'll certainly answer it again.
It seems to have two parts.
Why did the pain suddenly depart?
And the other one,
why your desire to roll on your back like a puppy
and allow your ventral side to be massaged
or manipulated by Joe Biden and Kamala Harris?
Or perhaps why you desire to manipulate yourself
while thinking of the winners,
of the winners.
So, with that,





of the presidential election.
All these matters are intimately connected,
connected in your person
through the interaction of your own nervous system
and the careful choice made by your brain.
Once again,
not the conscious brain,
which may wish for things, but the unconscious mind, which is to say the rest of your brain,
which is able to delegate, able to create, and able to provide sensations in any order it pleases,
if it is left alone by the impulse to direct given by the conscious mind.
Your pain stopped because you, your somatic self, were tired of having the pain.
It is possible for the mind to take the pain away.
Yogis and other spiritual practitioners can control the pain they receive and decide when and where it happens.
One spiritual exercise, which has a long Indian name I can't pronounce correctly,
so I won't try, involves taking all the pain and compressing it into a rotating ball just outside your forehead.
And you're supposed to keep it there.
This works for some people.
But there has been a greater pain afflicting us all in the last four years.
A pain which the current election seems to have relieved.
And let us hope it has.
Because...
Because the bad actors who produced it, the irritants who produced the pain,
are still very much with us and on the scene.
Our pain is their pleasure, let us remember.
And as William Blake said, there is a class of men whose sole delight is in destroying.
Since they seem temporarily to be leveraged from the scene,
it is not surprising that puppy-like,
the most
capable of doing this, since there are many obstacles to the ultimate success which they,
and we, would prefer.
Oh, I forgot to mention that I am a doctor.






I know that.
Oh, I am a doctor.



And we heard a little bit there from the November 8th 2020 Ask Dr. Howell show on zoom.
And that happens every month, second Sunday of every month, and you can find the information
right up top on subgenius.com.
Or look at the events page.
In this previously unpublished podcast, I've been talking about the fact that I have the




photograph from 1985 we see the false head of the World Cup golfer the one
true head of the World Cup golfer and Corona beer 1985 coincidence I think not
subgenius.com and now this
free your radio and your mind will follow free think radio is your one-stop
source for all
the subgenius shows including the hour of slack every Thursday at 11 a.m.
Eastern Time we think yes friends free think radio.com with time for the show
National Cynical puzzling evidence Bob's like time funhouse Fergan Fridays and
the hour of slack every Thursday at 11 a.m.
praise Bob and praise free think radio
I want to try triology all the kids are doing it mom
wsp dopo said in every bar yes and embeddedsp Excel in Saudi a bar of
translucent so you can see bob lurking inside and it tells fortunes as you
You rotate it swiftly under the water, lathering away the conspiracy smudge and other schmata.
If the Dobbs head comes up at the end in the true perfect pipe placement position, you'll have good luck all day.
If it comes up the other way, 20 more years of winter.
That's TriologySoaps.com.
It comes in every flavor and scent.
That's not nonsense.
It's almost every scent you can think of.
And they all have funny names.
Praise Bob and praise TriologySoaps.com.
Tri is spelled with an I.
