Uh, well, we're still at the X-Day Drill.
We decided not to leave.
Your brothers from out of space
are coming with advanced knowledge
to help human race!
Bob will save all true believers, though, in 1998, right?
Actually, Bob, you better hope that Bob does some wheeling and dealing
for your soul come 1998.
He is the salesman of the universe here to make sure that Earth
and your soul does not get sold to the robot mutilators.
At least for not too low a price.
So you better read that book with all three eyes
or however many you have left.
And, uh...
Leave the driving to Bob.
That's right. You do the walking, let Bob do the talking.
Who are these men from Planet X, children?
What is waiting there for me?
Bob.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry
Hour of Slack
sponsored by
the Church of the Subgenius.
I love you.
I love you.

Friend, the Elder Gods have been sleeping,
but they're waking up.
And you gotta find that word of Bob before it's too late.
Before 1998, July 5th, the end of the world,
the end of time as we know it.
When the very...
The very...
The score is racked up.
The score is racked up, and it's the time of the half time.
Yes, sir.
We just won't have a chance.
They'll be able to have their ways with us.
You've heard about the smallpox blankets in the Indianapolis?
Indians, you know.
Well, this is gonna be technological viral infectational
of an entire planet with means of doing things,
means of destruction, means of alteration of genetic patterns,
means of controlling people's minds that we don't even...
To us, it's magic.
Any significantly advanced form of science becomes magic.
If that smoke comes out of Bob's pipe no more,
then we shall be reduced to that can of warm beer
under the bed of a hungover Elder God at 1130,
on a Sunday morning.
Bob is here to make sure that instead of it being the end of the world,
it's the end of their world, and the new...
Oh, yeah!
The new Jerusalem.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The new Jerusalem where slack begins.
Yes, the streets will be paved with slack.
Slack will drop gently from the sky.
Slack will ooze out of the pores of the faithful.
The tribulation money will fall from the flying saucers.
Yes, and we'll all be floating around
with those little green rays coming out of our feet.
That's why we tell...
We have slack.
That's why we tell the public to throw their money away.
It's no good.
It's going to be...
Currency's just going to be flying down from flying saucers
in a few years anyway.
Or give it to Bob.
Or give it to Bob.
You give it to Bob while it's still good.
You cash in that money while it's still good.
What do you mean?
Because they're going to be...
See, people are just going to be bringing all their money to Bob
when the end of the world is upon us.
It's going to be too late because money won't be worth anything.
When those tribulation times come down,
that subgenius pamphlet, especially if you've got a white copy.
Now, if you've got a white copy and a brown copy,
it's a little bit of difference.
But they're both worth more than a bundle of thousand dollar
treasury bills a foot high.
There will be people trading paragraphs of that pamphlet
for boxcars full of food.
You think it will replace currency.
Bob will replace drugs, religion, rock music, and everything
in a great paradise of unrestrained sales,
unrestrained slack and sex.
And if you have any drug users in your audience,
you should note that the book of the subgenius
we found in a test that was conducted in Austin recently,
that if adulterated street drugs are thrown on top of the cover,
all of the non-narcotic qualities are completely erased
and indicated as negative and destroyed.
All impurities are removed,
giving you that 1% of pure that you paid for
out of whatever it was that you...
By the way...
That's better than pyramid power.
Yes, much better than pyramid power.
I'd like to say those...
Because it's in a plane rather than going to a point.
...of the subgenius. That's it.
Book of the subgenius.
Bob the fellow everyone knows.
Bob.
Bob!
Bob!
Yes, Bob.
Say, man, that is one strange dude.
Who is it?
Bob!
One strange dude.
I think Bob is just a guy with a pipe.
Oh, that's crazy talk.
But friends, you know our critics have some people worrying
now and then that the church might become corrupt.
The church of the subgenius might become corrupted
by the conspiracy and there'd have to be a replacement for it.
Well, hey, hey, hey.
Well, friends, I tell you, we don't have to worry about that.
Because the true church, the true church of the subgenius
is going to be up in the saucers.
Ah, the pinks won't have to worry about even seeing the subgenius.
There'll be all kinds of cheap cults and spinoffs left behind,
just like the cargo cults among the last mutated remnants of humanity.
And also there'll be subgeniuses left behind,
the subgeniuses who didn't think they really needed that $20 membership card.
Did we just have a power failure?
I believe we did.
Ahem.
Yeah, those who, uh,

as I was saying,
excuse me, friends, we're having serious, strange poltergeist effects
in here as the lights flicker on and off.
Yeah, anyway, there'll be some subgeniuses left behind,
the ones who didn't think they needed that $20 membership card.
The ones who tattooed Bob's face all over their whole bodies.
The ones who put, they might have put Bob on national TV.
Or they might have donated their whole estate to us, but they never sent.
They never sent their $20.
Now, it might be confusing a bit to those left behind after the rupture,
because the rupture happens for different people in different ways.
A lot of subgeniuses, when they undergo the rupture,
watch, the people standing around and back on Earth,
it looks like a burning monk or spontaneous combustion.
They just burst into flames and scream and scream.
It's the most horrible, painful-looking thing in the world.
But of course, that, friends, that's just the image.
That's just sort of the hologram, the body being left behind.
Just the shell.
Because on next day, when you are ruptured, no matter how it looks, you know,
your youthful, perfect body is being recreated
on the vessels of the sex goddesses.
And a thousand clones of kitten on TV dot are gonna...
Well, I...
Friends, when you get on that escape vessel,
every person you ever had a crush on since elementary school
is gonna be there ready to have sex with you.
Either that or else, simulacra of those people.
It might as well be the same, because the sex goddesses, you see,
can change their form completely and totally.
First, you'll...
There'll be the...
Say, the girl you had a crush on in first date,
or the girl you had a crush on in second grade.
Well, now she's at a perfect...
She's perfect and healthy at age 25, of course, you know.
And when she leaves,
why, in walks the girl you had a crush on in second grade.
Or here's that boy you had a crush on when you were 13,
and he almost kissed you, but now he's gonna do it.
And he's still wearing the same clothes that he did at the prom.
Or that milkman or babysitter that you lusted after.
They'll all be there.
The sex goddesses tap your mind.
It's not really people.
It's part of the muam system,
a biomorphic toy that conforms to the fleshly configurations
to satisfy any kind of lust you might have.
And they can pre-guess what you're about to think, friends.
They can sense a desire percolating up in your mind,
and just, for instance, just a few seconds before you think of it,
that zap comic that you're...
you always wanted to read a second time,
what just happens to be over there in the pile?
And you, and you look back and you think,
man, this is, this is great.
If only I had a frop stick.
Well, here's a frop stick.
Because muam and the biomorphs and the sex goddesses
can anticipate your every wish.
They can whiff a desire coming on.
And you'll think, now, if I could just, um,
meet up with that, that haughty librarian at that one college I went to,
while I'm reading this comic.
And sure enough, in she comes through the door.
Well, if only she'd dance, you think.
Oh, if only she had a small whip.
And it happens, as you think about it,
and there's no limit, no limit at all.
And, oh, if only she'd give me a ham sandwich first.
Ah, yes, now I'm...
And you'll sit there and think to yourself,
you know, I can't believe there was a time
when I wondered if it was worth the 20 bucks.
Sitting there eating the hell out of that ham sandwich,
getting a scarf job from that biomorph,
watching widescreen color TV Elvis movies,
and thinking, how could I ever have wondered?
How could I ever have doubted Bob for a second?
And to think of poor Bubba,
my brother Bubba back there on Earth,
the guy that said, hell, send them $20?
That's just what they want you to do.
I'll pump gas for $2.38 an hour the rest of my life
before I'd send a dollar to that damn sub-gum church.
Oh, yeah.
Well, it's hard times for Bubba now, friends.
Yeah, just when you're thinking about old Bubba,
the one that didn't want to join the church,
well, the TV on the escape vessel in front of you lights up,
and there's this shot of Bubba down there
eating a rotten rat and hiding from the death machines
that the rogue pinks made from the stolen womb, Paul.
And he'll, Bubba will be down there muttering to himself,
oh, how could I do it?
I was so stupid.
I could have been saved, but no, I didn't send my $20.
Oh, God, here comes another rogue beast.
And here I am in this pestering pile of rat waste
and dead people and stripped bare skulls.
If only I could die.
If only I could die.
But I can't.
I can't.
Why, if only Bob was here now, I'd give him my $20.
I'd give him $40.
I'd give you everything I own, Bob, please.
Well, friends, that just shows how much they trusted Bob.
They didn't trust Bob Dobbs, didn't trust him $20 worth.
Okay, fine, fine, no skin off our teeth.
Pay lip service, wear that Bob T-shirt, be real hip.
But when those saucers come,
well, you're either on the bus
or you're off the bus, as those great proto-subgeni used to say.
And the dumbest nerd could get on the bus for $20.
Well, actually, those $20 don't count.
Their souls go into the cylinders that we trade for.
But they should be proud that their souls, such as they are,
at least made it possible for their betters
to ride the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
And there'll be an orientation film that they'll show you
when they're ruptured up.
You know, because otherwise it might be kind of confusing.
This orientation film is kind of projected into your head.
It's introduced by Princess We Are Doe,
queen of all the UFOs,
who's sort of this half-naked Flash Gordon slash Viking Brunhilde
with metal pointed breastplates and a horned helmet
and all this UFO insignia.
And she is the masteress of the path of least resistance.
And she narrates this film.
And it's like, you will hear and obey.
Take off your clothes.
And you can either watch the orientation film
or you can watch the live broadcast of X-Day
or you can just go back to having your fun
with the different simulacra.
And sex goddesses and so forth.
And of course your sweetheart's going to be doing the same thing too.
But because it's on those spaceships,
inside the escape vessels,
there's no time and no sense of jealousy.
You'll always...
It's like there's no sense of possessiveness
because in that no zone of the society,

there's no time and no sense of jealousy.
And you don't need to be grasping anymore
like you did on Earth.
The overwhelming feeling that you get on the escape vessels is like,
wow, the best part is it lasts as long as I want it to.
And I can take forever.
I'm immortal for now.
And I don't have the urge to grab this and keep it
so I can run somewhere else to grab some other thing.
I don't have to kill or defeat another monkey man
to hang on to these big round soft things.
I'll have plenty of time to get to those other big soft round things.
More than I could ever use.
My pipe overfloweth.
And the big round soft things shall follow me through the land of Dobbs
and I will dwell in the cleft in between forever.
It's like, oh, how were your multiple partners today, dear?
Oh?
Big and round and soft.
Ah, yes.
And there's, but people ask so many questions.
They say, well, Reverend Stang, is there just one giant saucer
or is it a bunch of regional saucers, you know,
like an East Coast saucer and a West Coast saucer?
No, there's a million kinds of saucers, friends,
but it's like virtual reality.
Once you're inside one of them, you might as well be in all of them.
You might as well be on Planet X.
You're not in normal space.
You can sort of phase to the other saucers
or find your friends telepathically.
You can go, oh, I think I'll go to the Chinese saucer today
or I'll go to the gay and lesbian saucer.
Gee, I always wanted to try being a lesbian female.
But meanwhile, those who are left behind,
which is 99% of the population
and probably 90% of the subgeniuses,
all those who didn't sin,
they're 29.
They're not going to miss out on the next day.
You know, come to think of it, I never sent.
Technically, I mean, I've spent a lot of my own money on the church,
but I never sent my $20 in for a membership.
Dr. Drummond never did.
Palmer Vredes never did.
Puzzling Evidence never did.
Sterno never did.
And, you know, friends, it won't matter what you did for Bob.
What'll matter is whether you sent that for that membership card.
I guess I'm going to have to get around to that.
Well, I got plenty of time, plenty of time till next day.
Oh, hell, that's 1998.
We got all the time in the world.
There will be one big escape vessel just for the doctors, for the hierarchy.
And I can just see Byron and Gordon and some of those other people up there going,
hey, you know, we ought to go down and say Vyvan and Philo
and all those who never got around to sending the $20.
And then they'll go, well, we'll get around to it.
We're not sure where the escape vessels of the sex goddesses go, dear friends.
As far as I can tell, they probably just fly around.
But I'm going to go, I'm going to get off of this for right now.
We'll go to an old hymn.
This is a lovely old subgen...
And I do mean old.
This is like from 1981.
Old subgenius hymn by someone we only know as Doug No. 4.
Oh, yes.
Please, pop, you can't kill me.
I want to die for God.
I want to die in holy, holy breath.
The bank boys and the nobles.
If we have to, if we have to, pop, it makes them die.
And we'll all come back home.
And we'll all come back home.
And we'll all come back home.
Oh, yes.
What a wonderful, wonderful tune.
There from the good, the good, good reverend Doug No. 4,
who got scared by the church of the subgenius very shortly after doing that very song.
And, well, he got scared, too, but he didn't think much of it.


We never heard from him again.
And for all I know, he might be listening to this show going,
where's my royalties?
But he's not going to lack for royalties, dear friends,
because he'll be on those saucers.
And I hope that you will, too.
I hope you'll join us there on that lovely day.
And to make sure that you do,
let's go through some of these things to double-check just before X-Day.
There'll be more of this in our upcoming book, Revelation X.
This is where a lot of these notes are coming from, by the way, friends.
From a research session between myself and Dr. G. Gordon Gordon
in conference with that man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Yes, sort of a teleconference that we were on.
Praise this modern-day technology.
That way we didn't have to be in the same room with Bob.
Don't you see? It's a dream.
But anyway.
I mean, you don't want to miss your chance to be on the escape vessels of the sex goddesses on X-Day.
You don't want to end up down on Earth being fried.
So make sure that you have a real Subgenius Ministers card on you at all times.
Now, you never know. X-Day might come early.
So keep it with you.
Subgeniuses often lose those in the wash.
We get a lot of mail from people saying that.
I washed my membership card. Can I have another one?
And you don't want that to happen just before X-Day, friends.
So if you have members who have lost their cards,
but who are paid up and on the master disk of souls,
because we can tell. You can't fool us.
We'll give you a free replacement card from the Dallas headquarters anytime,
free of charges, by sending your self-addressed stamped envelopeness as members only
to Bob.
And we'll be giving that post office box number soon in the broadcast.
P.O. Box 1403-06, Dallas, Texas 75214 is what I'll be telling you.
But, ah, X-Day.
You know, on X-Day, for those down below on Earth,
you know, it'll be a little different than it would be up in the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
They'll look up while they're trying to put their clothes out.
There'll be this huge eyeball in the sky,
this giant pyramid-shaped light form with a big eye that just,
covers the whole sky.
And it's filming for the escape vessel screens.
Ah yes, when we can watch what's going on down there,
we can watch any part of it we want.
And we can also leave messages,
because the big eye projects sort of billboards,
holographic billboards from horizon to horizon that say things like,
smile, you know, welcome to your stupid life.
You're being seen live on the escape vessels,
of the sex goddess screens,
where the subgeniuses are now partying, you dumb idiots.
I mean, a big billboard stretching all across the planet in all languages saying,
fools, we're having a great time.
And the subgeniuses can take turns broadcasting personal statements.
So, you know, this horrible pink evil person will be down there,
ah, fighting the Robeast.
And suddenly there's this, ah,
voice will ring out, hey, Mrs. Darden,
I was in your 1959 fifth grade class, remember me?
Steve Wilcox, ha ha, I'm up here, you're down there, ha!
Or, ah, like pain radio coming to you, Mr. Shaughnessy, the principal.
Remember when you expelled me?
How do you like the pain, huh?
And, ah, you know, you get back at anybody,
oh, you laughed at me in junior high, Max.
You put me upside down into a trash can.
You and your jock friends, you aren't laughing quite so much.
You're laughing so hard now, are you?
And there'll be little holographic ghost-like things,
green slime type ghost sort of things.
Millions of little 3-D Jane-ers flying around, taunting,
and saying, you should've spent your $20,
should've spent your $20, oh, friends, friends,
oh, praise Bob, praise Bob, praise Bob, it's gonna be so,
but, you know, and so we find that the world isn't really to be destroyed,
it's that the humans, it, what happens is the humans are given all this alien technology
and they screw everything up.
They've got a miracle machine there, this womb thing that could do anything they want,
but nobody pays any attention to it at first because, ah,
they don't know what its capabilities are and it's real cautious about revealing itself too fast.
And they don't know that this fungus that's growing around them could fulfill their wildest desires,
because they don't believe it can, because they don't have any wild desires,
because they didn't think to ask.
And people will be down there in the ruins begging us with their last potato
to preach and deliver unto them the word of Dobbs,
because it's the only thing that'll save them.
Subgenius artifacts, like old copies of the book of the subgenius,
or illegal bootleg tapes of this radio show,
original pamphlet number ones, even an old Dobbs head,
it'll be worth a boxcar full of canned peaches, friends,
because the luck shell, the luck shell that we've always claimed was around our various products
that you thought we were only kidding about, now that's real.
And it will become visible on X day, a glow that's visible even in daylight.
Any given page of the printed word of Bob will be not only of practical use as lamps in the dark,
but more than anything, it will be a light.
More importantly, there'll be unthinkably valuable religious treasures, dear friends,
the most valuable things on the whole planet.
Because you're safer if you have that, if you've got a copy of the show with you.
It tips your luck playing.
It helps a whole lot against radiation and landslides and brain worms
and noise demons and nerve runners and all that.
It isn't nearly like having a membership card, but it's a lot better than having nothing.
Because friends, your faith, your faith in Bob will be all you have left on that day.
And he'll know whether you believed in him.
Wotan will know.
And he will come.
He will come to judge.
Gentlemen, the situation at this time is so serious that it's the worst in human history.
The fate of the entire Earth is in our hands.
Every hour we are getting news that our factories and our refineries and schools
are being attacked with rays of an unknown origin.
They haven't been analyzed so far.
Thousands of people are dead.
The attacks are not coming from outer space, our scientists say.
And certain monsters have been seen that appear to come from before the Ice Age,
long before the history of mankind.
They have to be stopped.
Professor, I know you've been in this book-line study for many years.
You know more about them than we do.
Tell us, what should we do?
Hmm.
Don't go up there at night.
Stay in the sunlight.
Keep yourself safe and secure.
And in the daylight, we'll draw you out of there.
You've got to use all your power to knock them out.
All your power, believe me.
Laser guns?
Laser guns.
Not only laser guns, but your crew.
Get them up there and knock them out.
And when you knock them out, bring them home safely.
But we're going to have trouble with the launch pad.
Well, the launch will be all right as soon as I can get there.
We know we've been behind it for years.
It's been my research staff that came up with the initial evidence.
Dr. Moore, can your staff come up with a weapon to stop the Nazi hell creatures in time?
I can't say for sure.
But with luck, the Zoological provide us with the answers.
Amen.
Is he a captain?
What is he?
And he's looking at me.
And I say, no.
I have to shake my head.
This isn't true.
This can't be true.
And he's still there.
And I look up and down the road.
And I think, can't somebody come along and tell me that this isn't them?
It's there.
But it's there.
Why?
What do they want?
What do they want?
Is the UFO mystery truly a scientific water gate?
An incredible and dangerous cover-up?
Understanding of the UFO may be beyond our science and political system.
...twisted them to fit the Nazi ideology.
Thank you.
And Bob, by the way, is running for Big Brother or Universal Overlord or County Clerk in 1984.
Yeah, that's right.
He knows he's not going to win Big Brother.
It's just to plant the seeds in the minds of the people.
Bob either wants to be County Clerk or Over God of all reality in 1984.
As Alistair Crowley once said,
If I can't be God, I'm not going to play.
This ain't no video game church.
It ain't no church of bingo.
It's a church of Bob.
It's a Bob Rogers church.
I don't see what the hell's going on here.
What the hell?
Did you know that heaven, Christian heaven is hotter than the Christian hell?
Yes, the Christian heaven is hotter.
That's because there are seven suns out of seven.
And the subgenius hell is fine.
Oh yeah, all your friends will be down there.
Mr. Chairman, gentlemen, I must admit I know very little at this time.

The princess is a creature of antiquity, ten million years at least in age.
And the monsters are mutants of creatures that roamed the earth before the ice age.
It is likely that a super race of humans existed sometime in the past also.
And somehow all of them, humans and creatures, went into hibernation far underground where they survived.
They are intelligent.
They are smarter than the most up-to-date supercomputers.
We cannot underestimate them.
They're not emotional.
Angels don't have any emotion.
They're not

they don't just gaze in музыces.
They Haven't trained for that.
The meteors of some generous beings located within the of the hugeunt распpy was totally

don't bother with6
a stop to allow their house pets the leisure of relieving themselves outside of the spacecraft.
Certainly a few of these animals of amusement managed to break away from their masters
and somehow managed to survive on this planet.
If this is so, evidence of them must exist somewhere.
I believe that evidence has already been uncovered and widely publicized of these animals.
The animals were probably the Yeti.
The Yeti's crossbred with human beings and the human beings as a result of that are...
Basically the subgenius has the biological heritage of the Yeti.
The Yeti is the Yetensin or the Yeti.
Basically out of the mountains of China, although there's a few that live in the mountains of California,
they seem to be a mountain forest people that are...
Well, they're hairy only in their most pure state, but in sort of a mongrelized Yetensin such as myself,
only certain parts sprout hair. However, I have hair in unusual patches of my body, which is why I wear overalls.
The little lands are hollow and empty inside,
and inside dwell demons who move faster than thy light and speak faster than thy air carries sound,
and which wield the secret tools and anvils of the sciences which I have forbidden thee.
And these demons come among thy leaders all swathed in black and tempt them.
If the right people aren't there to meet the men from planet X, the Xs,
we call them men, sure, they look like men.
They can look like rocks.
They can look like eight-tentacled,
30-foot-tall monsters.
Whatever is the requirement of the human
that they're possessing or talking to,
1998 is going to get here.
We'll all wake up July 4th, 7 o'clock in the morning,
or July 5th, pardon me, July 5th, 7 o'clock in the morning,
hangovers from the 4th of July,
and nothing will ever be the same again.
The planet will no longer belong to the humans
or the subgeniuses.
And that is why it is so crucial
that the subgeniuses be in those positions of power,
be at the coordinates, the landing strips,
when that angelic host does descend,
when the second, third, and fourth comings
occur during this period.
We...
You...
I know...
I know that you understand.
I know that you understand.
And I know that you'll be with us on that day,
that fateful day, X-Day, 1998.
Bob will be on television.
He'll talk to us.
He'll give a speech that will move billions,
not millions, but billions to tears,
and it'll work out okay.
The world will end just right
and keep going in the new way,
the way of Bob.
Everyone will be subgeniuses.
Except us.
You mentioned that the...
the...
advanced supersonic Nazi hell creatures
from inside the hollow Earth
are conspiring to take over the whole planet.
Yeah, we read about that in a pamphlet that was handed to us.
Oh, you did?
Uh-huh. And Bob confirmed it.
And there's only... there's only one...
only one organization that could possibly stop them.
They're the men from Planet Earth,
and they'll be arriving in 1998.
And after... after the Tribulation money starts to fall
from the chariots and the angels in the sky
and coming up out of the ground
and spewing out of the back of them car exhaust pipes
and just magic everywhere,
and them Tribulation times will be tearing those...
those... those bad, evil, demonic people up,
and they'll be the subgenius people.
I think we should bring up...
That is Hitler's gem.
I'm waiting for the UFO
I'm waiting for the UFO
I'm waiting for the UFO
I'm waiting for the UFO
I'm waiting for the UFO
I don't know if you ever tried, but it's from his phone.
But if we yell through it real loud,
we might be able to contact home base.
If we can get back to the home planet.
Remember, folks, which takes us...
to a planet of non-mortals
who are eons advanced in their civilization.
Our program is Other Worlds.
Another movie that's swept America
is one entitled
The Encounters of the Third Degree.
May I tell you this?
I'm not so sure what UFOs are.
I don't know if I believe them or not.
The New Zealand Air Force was on alert recently
because of the UFOs appearing
over that nation.
Someone said,
do you believe in flying saucers?
I said, of course.
I'm a married man.
If you don't get that now,
you may in the morning over the breakfast table.
You say, what about UFOs?
I don't want to delve into that,
but I want to give you something that blesses my heart.
I know there is life in the universe.
Why?
Because evil spirits,
demonic spirits,
fill the universe.
The cultists,
full of superstition and mysticism.
We're scientists.
We've got laser beams
shaped like vampires
with glow-in-the-dark brains.
I've seen a vision, ma'am.
So play your cards right.
Yes.
All you deaf ears down there.
Heads up.
Look out below.
There will be plenty of distractions
to take their minds off the real problem.
As the time of P draws to its violent close.
For instance,
beware!
The fake God Junior,
the anti-Bob,
will come before long.
Bullets cannot stop him.
He's one of the deceptively human-looking
advanced supersonic Nazi hell creatures
from beneath the hollow earth.
Parasites of the Elder Gods.
But most people will think he's the second coming.
And his alien hiney will be kissed all the way
to world dictatorship and beyond.
And if the true messiah were to show up at that time,
everyone would just know that he's the one who's going to kill you.
And the only way to know with the bottom of their core programming
that he's the antichrist because he'll cuss and spit
and take the Lord's name in vain
and hang out with whores and bulldigers and dope addicts and cops.
Another down home sort.
This is a warning.
Danger, danger, you poor devils.
Things are more mixed up than you ever dreamed.
What was up is down.
The priorities are all screwy.
You're fretting if your hair looks okay
while some new kind of bladder cancer is bursting out
the front of your designer jeans.
Yes, this is bad talk.
Nobody will listen to anything else.
You won't look at TV unless body parts or cars are jiggling or crashing on it.
You won't taste your food unless it has some nerve drug in it.
You haven't used your other senses since you were five.
And you sure as hell won't stop what you're doing
until someone much bigger, much stronger, and much, much more
self-assured makes you stop.
And you'll thank him for it.
And then just before you fry in a flash of radioactive hindsight,
you'll realize that he stopped you from doing the wrong thing.
Good God, what in the name of sweet screaming Jesus
is this world coming to?
People bitch.
People gripe.
This is a sign of the end times.
That's a sign of the end times.
When you should all be hollering, it's all a sign of the end times.
What, brothers and sisters, will happen to this heritage?
On July 5th, 1998?
Would anyone like to take a guess what's going to happen to this
heritage when the saucers come?
He will be on the escape vessels on July 5th, 1998.
He will be on those saucers with the sex goddesses
because he paid his $30 subgenius membership fee.
He had his membership card in the church.
And even if you were to go out today and turn your back on Bob's
because you've never heard any of this.
Even if you were to go out tomorrow and get a job,
maybe even as president of the United States or a cop somewhere ripping
apart people's cars searching for dope, you would still
be able to get on the pleasure saucers as long as you
had that subgenius membership card, as long as you paid
for that subgenius membership card.
Can you say the same?
Can you say that you're going to be on those escape vessels on July 5th?
Do you think you're going to squeak by just
because you're cool?
Do you think coolness is going to get you onto those space vessels?
Well, what are you going to do on X day when suddenly all your paid in full subgenius buddies
disappear?
Many people would say, well, I'm not going to join up with the church of the subgenius.
The church of the subgenius is an organization of non-joiners.

So I'm not going to join.
Well, I got a surprise for you folks.
You're not going to be joining us on X day either.
And X day, you have no idea what's awaiting you all on X day.
True slack, true slack is like better than getting gang sucked by a horde of horny, buxom,
Nordic Valkyries while eating a big juicy T-bone steak.
On your birthday.
But X day, X day makes slack seem like you're wearing a helmet with a padlock chin strap.
That's right.
By comparison, X day is going to make any slack you have seem like nothing.
Now you might think, well, I'm not going to spend any money on this church of the subgenius.
I'm not going to spend any money on this.
I got better.
I got better things to do with my $30.
I can go out and buy a Hootie and the Blowfish CD or something with that money.
And I can sit at home and I can listen to my Hootie and the Blowfish CD over and over
and over again.
And I can sit back and just jam and have me a good time listening to my CD player.
Because you like music so much.
Well on X day.
That CD player is going to melt into a pile of slag.
That's right.
All your cheap pink entertainment devices are going to be destroyed in the fires of
the X-est invasion.
There will be no music then.
The only music there will be will be the screams of the dying.
You may not like the sound of this type of music.

But we subgeniuses will damn well be dancing to the tune.
So what can you do?
You can join up with the church of the subgenius.
Or you'll be singing in the choir.
That's right brothers and sisters.
You'll be singing along with all that screaming and pain.
And all that horrible moaning and wailing.
And praying.

You know when I was in Chicago last night I was down in the dressing room getting ready
to go up here and preach to the folks out there.
And a cockroach was crawling across the table.
And I took out my ink pen and I was kind of poking it along.
And it'd run and go across the table and I'd reach over and poke it the other way.
And I'd watch it run.
And I'd sit there and watch the little things that got so frustrated.
And then I took out my cigarette light.

And I started singeing around his antennas.
And then I reached around behind him and started burning off his wings.
And he flipped over and his little legs were kicking and screaming.
And flying around in the air.
On next day, if you don't have a membership card, you're going to pray.
You're going to wish that you were that cockroach.
That's right, you will wish you were that cockroach on next day.
And I'll be back with more of that.
You'll wish that you could just be tortured for a little while.
And then put out of your misery in a burst of flame by some sadistic sub-genius preacher.
But we're not going to make it that easy on you.
No.
Brothers and sisters, the river is rising.
And you're going to drown.
Tonight, I am offering you a personal flotation device.
To keep your head above this rising river.
I'm offering you a personal flotation device.
In the form of this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The time has come nigh for you tonight.
The time has come nigh for you tonight.
It is no accident that you are all here.
You all have been chosen to receive this message.
You have been chosen because the water is rising up.
And it's just about to rise over your heads.
And we're going to throw you this flotation device.
And you can either grab onto it and live.
Or you can pass it on by.
And you're going to go down like yesterday's sh**.
It's no accident.
You must join the church of the sub-genius or die.
You'll be damn glad that you joined.
You will be damn glad that you spent that pitiful $30.
I really don't want to see all of you die.
Some of you I do.
But I don't want to see all of you die.
We are here to help you.
We are your friends.
You must know.
Can't you feel?
By looking at this man Bob.
How much he loves you.
Don't you realize how much Bob loves you?
He loves you so much.
That he's willing to offer you a chance to have your every perverse desire be brought to life.
Your every sick sexual fantasy shall be made flesh before you.
Trust us.
Trust Bob.
Amen.
Maybe some of you still aren't willing to accept Bob into your lives.
Perhaps you need some proof.
Perhaps Bob.
Perhaps my main man J.R. Bob Dobbs here.
Will give me the power.
The power to heal some lucky member of the audience tonight.
Is there anybody here that needs to be healed of some horrible sickness?
Oh, wait.
We have a man here waving his hands.
Come on up here brother.
Come on up here.
Come on up here brother.
Let me help you.
Good evening brother.
What's your name?
My name is Eric.
Eric.
And what brought you here tonight Eric?
What brought you here tonight?
My crippled right leg.
Your crippled right leg brought you here tonight.
Well Bob.
Bob's going to give me the power to heal you of your maladies.
Bob's telling me that you have a problem in your leg.
Bob's telling me you have a tumor in your leg that you need healed.
Is this true?
And Bob told me that you had a terrible heart condition brother.
Is this true?
It's true?
And Bob tells me that you have bursitis in your shoulder.
Am I right?
Have you got bursitis in your shoulder?
He has bursitis in his shoulder.
He has many maladies.
But Bob is also telling me you've been having problems with your liver.
Is that true?
And that you've been having a problem with sexual dysfunction.
Is that true?
Yes.
It's true.
He's suffering.






He's suffering from an obstruction.
Is it true that you're having some problem with your bowels?
Yes.
Yes.
And Bob also told me that you have a problem with really bad acne on your ass.
Is it true?
It's all over.
It's sad.
And that all the women call you pizza butt.
Is that true?
What women?
That's so sad.
A man with sexual dysfunction.
And a pizza butt who can't get a woman.
Bob is saying that you need to be healed of these maladies.
Bob is saying that you've had a problem with your throat too.
And your ears.
And the glands in your armpits.
And your left index finger.
And your right middle finger.
The one that keeps getting stiff every time a police car goes by.
Is this true brother?
This is the truth.
Well brother.
Tonight we're going to heal you.
We're going to heal you brother.
Oh yes.
Brother Bevilacqua is going to come up here to help me out with his healing.
Sometimes the power gets in me and it's so strong that I burn out the wires and actually accidentally kill the person I'm trying to heal.
But brother.
We're going to heal you or kill you.
We're going to take care of your leg.
We're going to take care of your arm.
We're going to take care of your brain tumor.
We're going to take care of your sorry little limp and your packed up butt hole.
We're going to take care of your angina pectoris.
We're going to take care of your swollen glands.
We're going to take care of that middle finger that sticks up on your right hand whenever a policeman comes by.
And make it so the middle finger on your left hand gets stiff when policemen go by too.
Brother.
I'm going to lay my hands on you and heal you.
Beheal.
Oh my god.
Woo.
Woo.
Brothers he isn't going to be needing this anymore.
Yeehaw.
Come on up brother.
Come on up.
How are you feeling now?
How are you feeling now?
I'm feeling amazing.
Now go on out and find yourself a woman in this crowd and see if you can make your dysfunctional organs work.
But I've got total faith that Bob is going to do this for you.
I've got total faith that Bob is going to do this for you.
Yes brothers and sisters.
You've seen the miracle.
You've seen the miracles tonight.
You've seen the healings and the inflictions of pain.
I see my brother here is actually over here carousing with a woman now.
Who's not looking at him as if he were a disgusting squid.
Oh look at that.
He's getting some action.
And Bob promises all of you all the action you'll ever need.
All the action you'll ever want.
And more.
Two and a half feet long.
Side.
Solid aluminum.
The orifices are going to be stretching.
The heads are going to be collapsing.
And brothers and sisters.
I'm not going to use any lubricant.
Oh yes.
I have but one thing left to say to you all.
The supermarket.
Has run out of food.
The highway out of town is jammed up.
Gridlock.
The doctor's dead.
There's a meteor heading for your town.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Is sitting at the wheel of the last train out of town.
Brothers. Sisters.
You've got to get on that train.
Because when you come right down to it.
You either got to ride that train.
Or you're going to get tied to the tracks.
Remember.
It is far better.
To be a speeding car.
Than it is to be a blind man crossing.
Against the light.
Amen brothers and sisters.
Can I get an amen?
Amen.
Can I get a hallelujah?
Hallelujah.
What do you all want tonight brothers and sisters?
Fire.
What do you want?
Fire.
Brothers and sisters.
I need you to say it again.
But I need you to say it loud enough.
That the exes that are on their way here.
Will hear you.
And they're going to crank up the radio.
And roll down the windows on their spaceship.
And they're going to light up a big fat frop stick.
And smile.
And they're going to be coming down.
And you got to let them know that you're all waiting for them.
So what is it that you want brothers and sisters?
Slack.
Yes brothers and sisters.
Slack.
Oh yes.
And who is going to give you this slack?
Bob.
Brothers and sisters.
The train's leaving.
And a lot of you guys are on the right track.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Thank you very much.
One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Five.
Six.
Seven.




Twelve.
Thirteen.
Thirteen.
Four.
Four.
Five.



Four.
Four.
Five.
Four.
Four.
Five.
One.
Two.


Four.

Four.

Four.
Four.
Five.
Four.

Four.
Five.

Four.
Five.
Fear.
Four.


Four.
Five.
Four.

Four.

Four.
normals, friends, yes, yes, but Bob's men are moving on this planet, oh, that planetary alignment that
came up, the Jupiter effect, oh, I'm now sure that may, that, that may have caused earthquakes and
volcanoes and the earth to tilt on its axis, and men will, in the end times to come, men will gnash
their brains and think backwards, dead Christians will come up from their graves shambling and
rotten like not of the living dead, but through it all, helping to profit from it all, is that one
mighty link between heaven and earth, that Bob, oh, yeah, I can see it now, the miracle of the Bob
world is unfolding, they're wading up to their knees in blood, dear friends, but it's the blood
of the baptism of a mighty fist face of Bob, that face that can pile through eight foot thick
titanium steel conspiracy fork knock stores with that mighty pipe, oh, he ain't from another planet,
he ain't something we have to bow down and kiss to,
he's a man, oh, well, you can pull Bob's leg and he'll laugh right along with you, because Bob,
he's been a fool just like you and me, Bob's been a pathetic fool, and I tell you what,
that J.R. Bob Dobbs will be a fool again, he's a fool today, he's a fool tomorrow, because he's
the same Bob, he's always the same Bob, and he's working for you and me, but it's that foolishness
that has kept man from being satisfied with his lot, that has kept man building his great
gas-powered automobile engine, and he's been a fool, and he's been a fool, and he's been a fool,
and he's been a fool, and he's been a fool, and he's been a fool, and he's been a fool,
and he's been a fool, and he's been a fool, and he's been a fool, and he's been a fool,



and he's been a fool, and he's been a fool, дол
and he's been a fool, Bowl
and he's been a fool, little Simone,
and he's been a fool, little Simone, for a guy who's gonna have a result tonight,
but he's just gonna find love, because the electing's gonna be like hisShowy.
And he's gonna find love, and he's gonna find love, and he's gonna
Poor and broke, we may be drunk and neurotic,
but we've got Bob and they hate!
And for that, we can hate them!
Hate them! Hate them!
And that's the power that we have, and they don't have.
Oh, they got plenty of that diddly kind of hate.
Oh, I hate President Reagan.
Oh, I hate my job.
I hate myself.
That's the sick hate, friends.
That ain't no kind of hate at all.
We got that all-inclusive kind of hate, that hate essence,
and it's the love of the hate that allows us to put up with just about anything.
So we can do something about it,
because the Bob hate is indistinguishable from the Bob love.
It's what keeps him on his toes.
Bob is the aware man, the natural man.
He can be walking along humming to himself, playing pocket pool,
but the inner Bob is aware.
He can hear a fly sniff on a mountain far away,
and he can go up to that fly and look that fly in the eye and say,
Son, I'd like to sell you a big old mound of waste byproducts
from physical organisms.
And that fly will give his wings to Bob.
Bob is aware, and that's how he can sell to these inferior creatures.
And that fly, he's going to be a better fly for it.
All those other flies, they're flitting from pile to pile.
They see him just sitting there without any wings on that big old mound of Bob.
And they may laugh now, but winter goes by, summer goes by.
All those other flies starve, but that little Bob fly,
he's still sitting there on that pile, a-munching away and a-munching away.
And that pile does not change.
Because Bob, my friends, does not change.
Oh, he changes his mind.
He might suddenly change all the doctrine in the whole church
right in the middle of a ritual to teach us all an important lesson.
But, oh, my friend, Bob Dobbs does not change.
Hold that name on the tip of your tongue.
Bob.
There's a B on either side, opposite poles.
That's the lesson right there.
Flip it over on your tongue.
Say it front way.
Say it backwards.
Say it upside down.
And what does it say?
It says Bob.
Because Bob does not change.
His promise rings true.
But if you ain't been there,
if you ain't been sprinkled in the blood of the head,
if you ain't been washed in the waste byproducts of Bob,
how are you going to get saved?
You can go to that party Saturday night,
but you've got to be wearing Bob's shadow.
And you can drink beer.
You've just got to get Bob drunk, too.
And what about Wanda?
Oh, you're going to have to give Wanda over to Bob.
That shouldn't be any problem.
Because Wanda, she found out from Bob how to get to heaven.
Sit down, boy.
Because, friends, if you're wondering,
Bob can love.
Bob can love.
Radio job.
I didn't set foot in a church for three years.
I was just fed up to here with it.
After working as an announcer at stations in several cities,
I finally got to Hollywood.
I was offered four jobs,
and I took one with a major network.
In 1947,
I made a business trip to Cincinnati.
And it was just about then that the Kenneth Arnold sighting
of the so-called flying saucers hit the headlines.
And it caused a lot of conversation.
I notice you keep looking out the window.
You wouldn't be looking for these flying saucers, would you?
Well, as a matter of fact, yes.
You don't think it's just some kind of a publicity stunt, then, huh?
No.
No.
It's reasonable to suppose that there's life on other planets.
Maybe I ought to start looking for flying saucers, too.
If they do come from another planet, how will we know?
Listen, when the occupants condescend to tell us, that's when.
Good God!
Good God!
Good God!
Good God!
Good God!
Good God!
Good God!
Now, Bob, you're getting to be a pretty big fella.
Yes, sir.
Maybe this is a good idea, a chance for us to have a little talk.
Why, sure, Dad.
What's cooking?
Uh, remember the last time we talked about this old body of ours, Bob?
Yeah.
Yeah, I remember, Dad.
No.
Oh, here's a match.
Your pipe's gone out again.
Well, thanks.
But when a doctor speaks of the male organ, he, well, he calls it a...
When a man and a woman are married, Bob, they love each other very much.
And in, in showing their love, their instinct is to embrace each other as if, well, as if to try to become the one person God intended them to be.
They're the, the sperm, as the doctors call it.
Oh, is that the seed that helps make a new baby?
No, no, Bob.
Well, what I'm talking about now is the fluid.
The fluid that contains the, formed in two little sacks beneath the...
And now, here are my predictions.
Listen.
Listen carefully.
Join me in knowing the headlines of tomorrow today.
I'm not gonna judge you.
But I'll see you do that when I'm judging you.
I predict public executions will be shown on television sponsored by your local gas company.
Securing the faith that the future is filled with good things for you and yours.
I predict that LSD, marijuana, and speed can change your sex.
Listen now to the headlines you will be reading in the coming prediction period.
School built on sweet potato pie.
Gee, that's a headline.
If it were possible to spray small doses of LSD from an helicopter into a plane,
into the air, people would soon quieten and not be hurt.
She is a cutie, isn't she?
What a girl.
Right on campus as part of getting high.
I mean, getting a higher education.
Which is just wonderful in any language.
Here's Bobby.
LSD is running its mad course, with babies now being born hideously deformed from women
whose chromosomes are permanently damaged by this drug, and the effects of it on the

The LSD is a chemical weapon, which was invented originally by the chemical warfare branch
of the United States Army as a vicious weapon to be used against an enemy.
Here you see the heroic robots, the Levees, who defended San Francisco against the daftly
attack.
All right, I've seen enough.
Well, you know, who knows what could happen here.
Bob got to Reagan in time and saved him, and President Bush is, we think he's going to
be getting better soon.
1983 will be seen in the first televised executions.
Don't you mean the clone of President Bush?
Well, that goes without saying.
I don't expect him to believe that.
We can't ask, we can't ask Tony.
They have entire clone farms there in Argentina.
Basically all our world leaders and politicians are only clones of their original selves,
their original brains taken out and replaced by the original.
They're not the ones that work at convenience stores.
It's right over my right.
What is it?
I gotta get out of here.
This won't trouble you.
Go on.
You're remembering everything now.
And I try to maintain it.





I'm in control.
So Betty cannot tell that I am scared.
Oh, I'm so scared.
Go on.
This won't hurt you.
Experience it.
It won't harm you now.
I gotta get my gun.
I gotta get my gun.
I gotta get out of here.
I gotta get my gun.
I gotta get my gun.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I gotta get my gun.
I can't.
I gotta get my gun.

They're not emotional.
Angels don't have any emotions.
The princess is a creature of antiquity, 10 million years at least in age.
You've been listening to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
For free information, write to P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
or see www.subgenius.com
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
