They'll know you've arrived when you drive up in the 1958 Edsel.
Let's think about registered dietician Heidi Tubbs with the State Department of Drink Enough Milk.
We invite you to start tomorrow.
The Hour of Slack
The Hour of Slack
Bob?
Because further on in the thickness, there comes the thinness.
But without the thinness...
We would not be able to appreciate the thickness of the pudding.
The pudding which cures.
Of the Antidote Pudding.
The pudding which allows one to mold both the thickness and the thinness in accordance with one's will.
Yes, dear friends, this is your old friend, Reverend Ivan Stang.
And it's good to be back on the throne of the show of the power of Bob.
In the service of slack.
Flowing and yet stiffening.
Like cornstarch in a colloidal suspension.
The slack can either ooze freely around us or it can freeze up and congeal.
If we push too...
Too hard.
Is it liquid?
Is it solid?
Is it liquid?
Is it solid?
Reverend Bleepo Abernathy and I shall give our report...
On the sinister rights and orgiastic rituals which we witnessed...
As guests of the Association of Consciousness Exploration.
A CE.
Esteeming expose.
Coming up...
Of the occult underbelly.
of the witches and druids and pagan things that go in the night.
Oh, yes, dear friends, it's a squirting universe.
Howdy, I'm Edelmars, and I'm a pagan.
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Oh, yes, dear friends, I've been collecting for some time
bits and pieces of sound that I could throw together
and do a special on pagans and Starwood.
Starwood is a festival held at Brushwood Campground in New York,
where we also hold X-Day,
that's put on by a Cleveland group called ACE,
the Association of Consciousness Exploration.
And they first invited me to come preach at Starwood in 1990,
and I was so happy.
I was so happy to see people who knew how to party like that.
The religious aspects of it I, of course, had already made fun of,
to my heart's little content,
in a book called High Weirdness by Mail.
But over the years, you know, I've come to become friends
with some of the kooky cult leaders that we made so much fun of.
And, of course, you know, gosh,
I like to think I'm a contributing part of a fairly large,
what you'd call a kooky cult myself.
You know, we await the coming of the men from Planet X on X-Day,
when we, the saved subgeniuses who believe in the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs,
will be lifted up, ruptured in a state of slack,
to wreak our vengeance upon all the pinks, normals, and conspiracy dukes
who have held us, the weirdos and abnormals, down
throughout the centuries.
For,
uh,
history,
uh,
untold,
and before history,
back in the day of the mighty Yeti,
our forefathers and foremoms of the Himalayas.
Ah, yes.
Well, in the meantime, friends,
we party out at Brushwood,
and we do it not only at X-Day,
but also some of us at Starwood.
And, um,
I kind of married into the, uh,
uh,
organization.
My, uh,
I'm the consort of Princess Wee Ardoh,
queen of all the UFOs,
who was, uh,
has always been a big part of the Starwood Festival,
uh, in the background,
and, uh, singing up on stage.
So, anyway, friends,
uh, praise Ace,
and, uh, uh,
Saint Stymie de Bergerac at Ace,
who actually introduced me to the whole thing,
uh, by paying me money to come and entertain there.
And I've done that almost every year,
uh, some of that will be on this show.
And, friends,
let us now delve back into the past.
You know, ESO, radio, uh,
uh,
band members,
Weinstein Secret Orchestra play at Starwood all the time,
and live out there at Brushwood,
some of them almost.
And so, uh,
Professor Chaz, Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
and Princess Wee Ardoh will also help me in, uh,
describing and, uh,
exerting, uh,
some and all, uh,
that weird world of the neo-pagans
and, uh, the, the, um,
hipsters of Starwood.
Praise Bob.
Oh, by the way,
this music in the background is by Reverend Angry Larry
under the guise of automatic robot fish.
Hey, praise Bob,
and hail the Connie Hood.
We're on.
It came to my festival all pretty and pink.
You brought your own mirror
and your dream house
and you sink.
I tried to resist falling under your spell.
But when I saw you Barbie, spirituality went to hell
Pagan fast Barbie, you walk on your toes
Must be the heel, your nails are all polished
A gem in your nose, genuine pearl
I see true magic when I look at you
Pagan fast Barbie, I love you
Never dresses in leather, or feathers or fur
A little girl, she's the best Barbie

We perfect your polyester pagan angel.
That's her.
She's polyamorous.
With anyone true but pagan fest Barbie.
I love you.
You came and you danced by the firelight.
With your small dicks on your face.
It's so plastic.
And all of the girls of the day and the night.
No, no one can ever take your place.
You're unique for a sturdy blue running deer.
Deep crystalline flame.
Wait, there's more.
Yeah, you're watching Mackenzie.
Well, that is her legal name.
I hate to admit it.
But what can I do?
Pagan fest Barbie.
I love you.
She likes to take showers.
Anytime, anywhere.
On and on.
She may stay there for hours.
With her razor and her hair.
Water's cold.
You can talk conservation.
And she won't have a clue.
Pagan fest Barbie.
I love you.
You came and you stole.
My heart away.
Take it, baby.
With your fucking style.
And your charm.
You put a spell on me.
And if we should do the great right tonight.
I know it'll do me no harm.
And it all, no.
Oh, pagan fest Barbie.
You are the best.
Good for me.
By each god and goddess.
Yeah.
Triple blessed.
Blessed Barbie.
So you get your hair done.
I'll get a tattoo.
Pagan fest Barbie.
I love you.
Pagan fest Barbie.
I love you.
Dee doo doo doo doo.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Dee doo doo doo doo.
Dee doo doo doo doo.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Dee doo doo doo doo.
Dee doo doo doo doo.
Dee doo doo doo doo.



Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Oh, whoa, I love you.
Hey, I love you.
Reese harvesting the scoop.
But I'm way too scared to dance.
There's nothing I can do.


pennysandbosskrubby.com
scan, baby.
I know you wanna play a lot online but I don't give a fuck about your life.
as Sister Melodious Chops
with Princess We Are Doe
and M.A.
And you can download little bits and pieces
of samples of Victoria Ganger
and Revelry songs
from www.revelrychicks.com
Revelrychicks being one word.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Yes.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yes, come as fast, senors and senoritas.
Oh yeah.
We're about to do the tequila dance now.
There goes Mr. Sister walking down the street.
Didn't know what to do, so he jumped in front of me
saying, go Mr. Sister, do that thing, do that thing.
Oh yeah.
Go Mr. Sister, do that thing, do that thing.
Now stop.
Hey, get your hands off of me.
I'm falling for my duck.
They were peaceful people.
Peaceful people who believed in the Lord.
They believed in Sunday afternoons
and shepherds by the pie
and standing up tall to big things
that were smaller than they could make out
with the naked eye.
Sometimes they dressed up funny and had a party.
They'd think about the guy smiling there,
that guy right there in that picture,
the guy with the pie.
Here come the naked wiki dancers.
Look at them naked eyeballs dancing around like that.
I paid $25 to get front row tickets.
Actually, it costs more than $20 to see the naked wiki dancers
at Starwood.
Although, they're out there every weekend,
including X-Day out there at Brushwood,
and the drumming never stops.
Drumming around fires or dancing half naked
is a big part of it.
It's a big part of being a proper neo-pagan.
They never, ever stop.
And I believe that the drumming,
rather than the magic or the drugs,
is really what turns the normally staid people
who go out to Brushwood into sex fiends.
Starwood culminates, dear friends,
with this gigantic bonfire,
which is kind of lit ritually.
And it's got fireworks inside of the bonfire,
as we've heard here,
as we enjoy this widescreen pan
across a vista of topless, fire-juggling youths.
And the drumming, friends,
the drumming never, ever stops.
And he can't take anymore.
He runs up to this one pagan dude,
and he grabs him by his sarong, I guess,
and, well, it goes with,
it goes, tell me,
what happens when the drums stop?
Pagan, which sounds like
bass solo.
laughter
Starwood rumbling in the jungle.
You missed it.
The sex was oozing from the trees.
Disgusting and perverted and beautiful
all at the same time.
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
Under the stars, under the night
Under the moon my pants are too tight
I know exactly what I want to do
I want to dance naked with you
I want to dance naked with you
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
it with you. Under the stars, under the night, under the moon, my pants are too tight. I
know exactly what I want to do. I want to dance naked with you. I want to dance naked
with you. I want to dance naked with you. I want to dance naked with you. I want to
dance naked with you. The El Queso All-Stars. And you can get more from the El Queso All-Stars,
such as that song, My Pants Are Too Tight, from, well, go to soundclick.com and look
up crotchless leather wheelchair. Crotchless leather wheelchair. Other reference point
at soundclick.com for the El Queso All-Stars.
State your occupation, please. A libertine and a seducer.
Sex fiend. Oh, yes. Pure and simple. A libertine and a seducer.
State your address, please. Paradise. Paradise. Paradise. I can well understand that.
Oh, well, I guess we're ready to go. Praise Java Junction. Praise Bob. Praise Bob. And
praise Starwood.
Praise Starwood.
Because it is Starwood 23. This will be my 13th Starwood. Oh, lucky number. And most
of y'all are pagans and not yet dues paying subgeniuses. That's okay. But I should warn
my subgenius compatriots who are at a Starwood for the first time, yes, the pagan women are
beautiful.
Beautiful.


Beautiful.
Beautiful.










Wow.
Thank you.
There's no Pinterest in this thing.
Thank you.




She was flying my house at midnight on the Sunday.

It's fine.
I mean, you get into the lights on Saturday night and you can't pie something.
Your 16-year old eye won't stop you looking good after-
Yeah.
I thought, oh, they're working on me.
They're trying to get me up.
But y'all are, I mean, many people here have very strong beliefs.
You know, UFOs, ghosts, the paranormal.
Bob doesn't buy that stuff.
Bob sells that stuff!
Yes!
Tick-tock, I don't want to play, I don't want to do.
Hey, diddle, diddle, 23's could do.
Me and Martha sure had fun.
Acapulco for everyone.
Goes out, foul, to get that Acapulco gold.
Ain't nothing it can't fix.
Old dogs can learn new tricks.
When the streets are lined with bricks.
Acapulco gold.
Misbehave in a matchbox.
High stakes.
Thanks to New Monet.
Did some of you here happen to see that cartoon show,
King of the Hill, that featured pagans?
Yeah!
I mean, to tell the truth, friends,
I'm from the same town as Hank Hill in that cartoon.
That's why I sound sort of like him.
And frankly, I'm only about a step and a half left,
and I'm not as uptight as he is.
So for me to even hobble around that bonfire once or twice is saying a lot.
I've come a long way, man.
You know, slack has changed for me over the years.
There was one great line in that King of the Hill.
I like the way they handled it.
Actually, Bobby, the kid, wanted to become some kind of a pagan or mystic.
It was very loosely handled.
With these...
this nerdy older guy.
And Hank, his dad, wasn't concerned about the devil worship aspect or any of that.
He actually knew better.
He was concerned that Bobby would not get laid if he'd come around weirdos like that.
Frankly, I was like Bobby, and I wish I had discovered paganry when I was that age.
I might have gotten laid.
But as Bob Dobbs said,
breasts, specifically female breasts, are the anagram of the human form.
That doesn't make much sense, but Bob said it.
On the other hand, look what the conspiracy said.
In the words of my seventh grade biology teacher at the all-boys private school I went to,
he said,
breasts are nothing more than modified sweat glands.
I don't know what you boys are so excited about.
I left that all-boys press.
I'm a prep school.
Actually, the first time I was invited to Starwood, I was scared.
This was 1990.
Because it was like, I'm used to preaching in bars, but these people are like new agers or witches or something like that.
I thought, they're not like the Christians.
They know what we're making fun of.
Some people can't take a joke.
And that...
It qualifies you for membership in the Church of the Sub-Genius.
I don't feel like quoting our sacred, our one sacred...
Well, sure, why not?
Fuck them if they can't take a joke.
I'll quote it anyway.
It's, fuck them if they can't take a joke!
Starwood includes dozens of lectures and speeches and sermons and stuff from the fame.
And workshops.
Practical workshops.
Such as this one.
In the making of crop circles.
By our own sub-genius friend from England, Reverend Circle Maker.
Also known as Matthew Williams.
Talking about how people have had all kinds of very strange experiences inside crop circles.
We've had paranormal experiences, seen UFOs, had healing experiences.
Some people claim that there are strange energetic effects which can be chemically sampled.
And people like W. Levengood, a scientist, has looked into these things.
And he said that there's strange crop changes that can be looked at and tested for.
Now, if all this is present in man-made crop circles, I want to know why.
Now, that's the big question for me.
It's not who's making the circles, but why do people have strange effects happen to them in man-made crop circles.
And the best explanation I've come to is that...
It's kind of like a placebo on one level.
In that, if you tell somebody that something is real.
If you tell them that a crop circle is real and they go in there, they're going to have a strange effect.
If you tell them that ten people have been healed in this crop circle and it's a great circle for going in for being healed.
The people will go into that circle and they'll have a healing effect.
But it doesn't work if everyone believes that crop circles are made by people.
So, what I do by coming and telling you this here is kind of like...
I'm telling you because you want to know.
I'm telling you because there are always going to be people who need to know.
But in many respects, when I go back home, I don't talk about this stuff as much as you think I'm talking here today.
Because it's necessary that people don't understand fully what the crop circle subject is about.
Postcards, there are all these postcards with crop circles on them.
I'm looking at them and I'm like, I bet Matt did some of those.
And if he were to make one, he'd get busted for it.
But they're selling him his artwork in a government shop.
It will make sense.
And then I ask the woman, well there's this crop circle actually right in front of me.
This one right here.
I ask, well what about this crop circle?
And the woman working at the store told me, oh that's not a real crop circle.
That's what some hippies made that.
You are some hippies.
And I'm like, so what they're doing, they have government sponsored crop circle makers
who are making crop circles for postcards that the conspiracy sells to tourists.
But isn't that always the way?
But the real crop circles are made by aliens.
And that's what they're trying to cover up.
But we're not trying to make the complex simple.
Some of us like the complex complex.
We don't feel that we're owed answers.
Why do we deserve to know why and how the universe started?
Isn't it okay to leave a few mysteries out there, you know?
Keepers, if they ever caught the Loch Ness Monster or the Bigfoot or the Hot Beat or Horopod,
they'd be no more ho-
What do you mean they have to come up with some new hoax things?
But I'm sure the aliens will give us time for that.
Apparently there have been these alien abductions.
And I think what is happening is these aliens will abduct believers.
You know, they only abduct people who already believed in alien abductions.
They, you've heard the term missing time, where somebody wakes up and they've lost hours
and then they realize later that when they fell asleep and dreamed of a UFO,
it really was a UFO, and they lost those five hours.
Those same aliens are taking that time they steal from believers and giving it to disbelievers
and crop circle artists and subgeniuses so they'll have extra time to perform their clever hoaxes.
Which, nonetheless, give people magic powers and healing energy.
It's just amazing how that works.
How the worst fakers can get you to Oz and back.
But, don't look at me, I don't know how this thing works.
It was like ice water going up and down your spine.
I felt something.
I felt something touch me.
I felt something touch my right hand like a hand touching my hand.
Spiritual contact.
It was a triangle shaped craft hovering over Glendale.
I made a pact with the devil.
I'm convinced there's something going on.
I'm a warlock.
They died.
They died.
They found them dead.
Then the undertaker says,
Some things you don't have to explain, Mike.
They just happened.
Oh yeah, George.
I even saw the devil one night.
This is, uh, Queen Andrew.
How do you do?



I'm here at Omaha with STRATCOM and the future base command.
And the participators.
Yeah, we've got ray guns.
There is an optical neural net computer system that becomes conscious.
Spiritual contact.
And we're definitely not alone.
You know, we're never as radical as reality itself.
Ha ha.
Ha ha.
Ha ha.
Ha ha.
Ha ha.

Ha ha.
Ha ha.
Ha ha.
Ha ha.
Ha ha.
My head's spinning like crazy.









You know what's going on.

A haha.
another moon and there's always going to be a new moon.
I know I leave the moon world you always think.
I once saw the sun's star.
And now it's coming in to class c and it's going to be like u
The Art Bell Remix.
Thanks to Rev. Shankar.
Did you see the pictures of Osama and Saddam's gay wedding on the weekly news?
Not only did I see that, but Paul Krasner read it to the crowd at Starwood.
I was tempted to do that, but I would not rip off some other comedy writer's crap for a paying job.
But Paul Krasner would.
And did.
But that guy didn't know.
And it was funny. It was funny as hell.
It was a beautiful photograph of Osama and Saddam.
I thought he looked lovely.
Or they both looked lovely.
And it was a very well-written article.
It was worthy of the onion, really.
Yeah, well, ostrich feathers are quite a hard-to-find commodity in modern-day Iraq
because all the plutonium spent in uranium bombings.
Well, and they ate the ostriches at the zoo.
They found them out in a farm field buried under about six inches of dirt.
Who did?
I don't know.
I want to know who found it.
I don't care about, you know, they found it.
I want to know who's responsible.
The renaming of total information awareness as terrorism information awareness.
And, you know, if you recall, they called the invasion Operation Iraqi Freedom.
And they kept saying, as they couldn't find...
weapons of mass destruction.
They talked, well, we're really liberating.
We're liberating Iraq from Saddam's dictatorship.
But the reason that they didn't call it Operation Iraqi Liberation is because the acronym for
that would have been OIL.
And so...
Paul Krasner at Starwood.
I'm almost 50.
I kind of miss the Cold War.
I miss the Cold War.
It was cooler.
You know, you can really chill in the Cold War.
But this latest one, the TV wars, you know, the follow-up to the 91 mini-series that we've
just had.
Cousin Bush said at one point...
Bush was...
Can you believe that the country would let...
Like Iraq, for instance, where this guy's the head of the damn secret police.
He becomes the dictator of this country.
And then he puts his kids in charge.
What kind of a country would allow that sort of thing?
Anyway, Cousin, as I said, Cousin Bush was saying at the beginning of the war, he actually
said this phrase.
The goal of this war is peace.
The goal of this war is peace.
Well, I thought...
Now, I'm thinking about it.










1984 came, 19 years late.
The upside of that is that that means X day we still have to look forward to.
Bob predicted that the saucers would save the save on July 5th, 1998.
And if 1984 is 19 years late, then we only have to wait until 2017.
Praise Bob.
But these serious protesters, I mean, not like me, but serious protesters and some drunks,
have bribed, they said, Reverend Stan, you aren't doing enough about this war.
You should be telling everybody that Bush is Hitler.
And it's like, well, what is the right thing to do?
As Paul Cranston was talking about,
he gave this whole really moving thing about the unfairness, the horribleness of that whole thing.
But then it was like, well, what do you suggest we do about it?
He drew a blank.
He'd been so depressed by the seeming helplessness of the anti-war movement.
And in my case, that knee-jerk stuff drives me crazy.
Friends, I tried to visualize world peace, and all I got was this lousy T-shirt.
The best thing to have.
And the last thing that happened in the last year is I learned how to pronounce nuclear properly.
So what is the right thing to do?
Study survivalist manuals.
Learn how to shoot, hoard food.
Or what I'm going to do, learn how to give the best oral sex in the world from inside of a barrel.
But those soldiers, you know, those conscripted soldiers come by the train station.
They go, oh, man, use that barrel over there.
She's really good.
The other one goes, you know, that's not a woman in there.
Shut up.
I still don't have my voice.
Somebody found it.
One of those witches took it at Starwood, I think.
Oh, they're beautiful, but they're treacherous.
Yeah, took my voice.
Here I am, four or five days later, still trying to find my voice.
Trying to find yourself.
When you go to those pagan hipster festivals and explorations of consciousness,
you're supposed to be finding yourself, right?
Did you just unearth more questions?
Another horrible can of worms?
No, we had mud healings down there at T-Bay.
Everything was just hunky-dory down there.
Mud healings.
Mud dance parties.
Well, there was lots of mud to be had since it rained for the first four days of the week-long festival.
We looked until by the time we'd reasonable degree
to just lay it outside.


They could.
It's a乡 because it's on Christmas like you gonna get, you know,
Can you imagine their fasion?
Hostel stuff?

A man is made out of mud.
Yeah, some people say a man is made out of mud.
Some people love their mud.
Present company included.
I saw people loving mud at that Starwood Festival.
My whole seminar was about loving your mud.
Well, it was because the mud was your only possession, right?
Mm-hmm.
The birth of the blues when mud was your only possession.
I even took away their names.
All their last names are now Smith.
This was your workshop at Starwood?
Yeah.
Wasn't that supposed to be a workshop in the history of American music, not the love of your mud?
How can you discuss one without the other?
The history of rock and roll and mud love?
Mm-hmm.
Mud love at the crossroads.
Makes total sense to me.
It made total sense to 25 believers in my workshop.
Well, it was weird because I didn't know you were doing that.
I was walking down the roads at Starwood, and I'd see these hipsters and characters walk by cradling ostrich egg-sized lumps of mud.
And they'd have little sticks and things stuck in.
And I'd have to get them to decorate them.
They were cradling them like babies.
That's right.
They're mud babies.
I didn't understand until later that it was you, Professor Smith, that had commanded these young students and old students...
And old, yeah.
...to make babies or something out of mud and to love them as their only possession so that they could, I guess, identify with the slaves.
The slaves and the Appalachians.
When all you had was your mud.
That's right.
Hey, at least you guys had mud.
All we had was sand down in Texas.
Yeah.
We didn't have water to mix with it.
So we couldn't cradle our sand ball.
It would just fall through our fingers.
Somebody actually pointed out that right there, right near there, the Mississippi Basin cuts through there.
So that mud really is, you know, Delta mud.
The Mississippi what?
Delta-bound mud.
The Mississippi Basin cuts up.
Well, weird water underchance.
Sandals go all over the country.
But you mean the...
The Ohio River cuts way off in different directions into Pennsylvania and West Virginia, but it all happens underground.
You're saying when a pagan urinates on the path at Brushwood, that water eventually goes...
Eventually gets down to New Orleans, yeah.
And parties at Mardi Gras.
Yeah, right.
But by then it's combined with an...
I mean, have you ever seen the Mississippi River down there, right there at New Orleans?
Yes, I have.
It's a lot of water flowing there.
So it has to combine with many, many, many people's having their urinations in the mud.
I know how it is.
You know, the vibes from your atoms of uric acid join with the vibes of all your, you know, fellow party goers eventually makes it into the Gulf of Mexico.
Yeah.
And when you stand there down at the French market and watch all that water, that muddy-looking water...
Yeah, you can see the water flowing past.
That's a lot of flush toilets and a lot of pagans and a lot of campgrounds.
Mm-hmm.
Indigestion.
Un insecto.
Dolor de estomago.
Diarrhea.
Diarrhea.
Diarrhea.
Diarrhea.
Diarrhea.
Diarrhea.

Indigestion.
The next would be Part 2, episode 3.








Psyche Soap is the only soap that makes you clean inside.
Psyche Soap, Psyche Soap, used by every star.
Lose your low-down dirty blues and buy yourself a bar.
Clean up or flip out.
Now, truth time.
Our next film featuring the dead kids, it's Thurbs with Dirty Thurbs.
Dead boys, I mean boys, dead kids.
Criminal priest, criminal menace, dangerous dead boys, dead kids.
Thurbs with Dirty Thurbs.
Uh, you, uh, um, very interesting.
Anyway, there's an old prayer.
A subgenius, well, it's not really very old.
A serenity prayer that basically goes,
Dogs, grant me the serenity to endure the pink boys I cannot kill.
The courage to snuff the ones that I can,
and the wisdom not to do it when the cops are around.
Now, that's all real funny,
and, uh, and, you know, we do do a lot of,
uh, looking down, I guess,
and some of, uh, our pagan brethren don't like the Church of the Subgenius.
They say that it, it trivializes serious enlightenment.
You know, because when you're enlightened,
I guess you're supposed to look kind of like this.
Now, a friend of ours on the internet,
a guy who had actually been through quite a bit,
but he got, uh, turned off to subgenius at some point,
mainly because he got into Zen Buddhism.
No, he became a born-again Christian,
then he, he read the Dalai Lama,
and he, he got, he decided that we weren't serious enough.
But then he saw the pictures from last X Day,
which was our festival a couple of weeks before Starwood.
If it had worked out, there wouldn't be a Starwood at all.
So I'm just joking.
They, uh, and he said,
You know, I was looking at those pictures of the subgenius,
and I said,
You know, I was looking at the pictures of the subgeniuses from X Day,
and it was, it looked like rooms full of power.
You know, it was a bunch of happy, smiling, laughing people being creative.
And that's what looked like enlightenment to him.
Or, well, maybe it's instupidment, but anyway, it worked.
You know, he came back to Bob.
As, uh, as Dr. Onan once said,
Even the devil needs somebody to play devil's advocate sometimes.
And Bob is the devil!
The devil's advocate!
And that's why we advocate Bob.
Praise Bob!
Because he won that bet with the devil!
He won that bet with the devil!
He won that bet for your sins, my friends,
to excuse and justify your every sin from now on!
I'm a holy man, and I can now give everyone of you permission to do anything you damn well please!
Absolutely!
Absolutely!
Absolutely!
Absolutely!
Sounds good, doesn't it?
That sounds real good!
That's what they told satan before he took all that acid.
The link between Good Nutrition and Heidi Tubbs is clearly demonstrated by Heidi Tubbs with the State Department of Pyramids.
We invite you to start tomorrow.
The noted, uh, Egyptian composer and musicologist Halim El-Dab
Bob is an honored guest at most Starwebs, as we hear here in this joint performance with Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
I'm living in Arizona.
I'm living in Arizona.
I'm living in Arizona.
Einstein's Secret Orchestra, with special guest Dr. Ligea and Princess We Are Dead.
Pretty little house and a looking glass.
Showed us the way but left too fast.
Raised on Apollo and Johnny Quest.
This dream's the one I live the best.
That's what really makes.
That's what really makes.
Loving in space, I'm a TV screen.
Where one dream comes true, where one should live the best.
Where I love the fun of all of floods and winds.
Deep in the unnerving, at a very Viel.
Here, what I have is that I was supposed to hear.
Think about how my life's been changed.
Oh no, soon shall I see them come, this covered mountains of home.
Alwyn, they're from northern Ohio.
And this, I believe, is a band called Jana.
This guy is a bum, and we'll take him down to the bottom.
No need to be afraid, no, no, no.
Come with me, we'll find a lance to claim.
Alone in my heart, I won't see.
Forbidden conscience.
I'll take your hand, and see that I won't expire.
I'll see you in the sky, and tell you that I'm not alive.
Alone in my heart, I won't see.
Forbidden conscience.
Conscious, be conscious.
Unconscious, so conscious, be conscious.
Unconscious, so conscious, be conscious.
Howl on the moon.
Come with me, run with me.
Come howl on the moon tonight.
Howl on the moon tonight.
Come with me, run with me.
Come howl on the moon tonight.
Come on, make no need to be afraid.
Reach.
Reach is good in how she is made.
How you choose to sing your tune depends on how you see your moon.
Ain't no need to be afraid.
Reach is good in how she is made.
How you choose to sing your tune depends on how you see your moon.
The sister Melodious Chops, Princess Wiardo and M.A.,
also known as Victoria Ganger and Revelry, live at Starbred.
I'll be the moon.
I'll be the moon.
You choose to lead, must follow.
But if you fall, you will fall alone.
If you should stand.
Starbred is sponsored by Ace,
which is itself sponsored by the Chameleon.
The Chameleon Club.
Many of them heard here in the background.
Friends, if you want to know more about Starbred or Ace, you can find it.
They have a great website at www.rosencomet.com.
That's R-O-S-E-N-C-O-M-E-T.
M-E-T.
Rosencomet.com.
Or write to Ace at 1643 Lee Road, Room 9, Cleveland Heights, Ohio, 44118.
And their 1-800 number is 800-446-4962.
All of that at Rosencomet.com.
M-E-T.
Uh, friends, in the background, the music we hear, well, what we just heard was Burning Sage.
This is Gaelic Storm.
They're very heavy on the Celtic music at Starbred, and the African music, and the Native American music,
and just about any music that's best danced to in really skimpy clothing.
Western Angbian children, um, really love the band.
So they used to play it when they were higher than they are now, absolute outside kids.
I like their music.

I believe the который Stephanie played for their class is really the music for my day.
Because the favor makes your day even longer.
And you're aétait....
Not going first, not going last.
We're just going to see the content of the band's history.
I think they sang quite a bit, and when I listen to theаяじゃない mimed the music

And be happy that you're listening.
And if you're not, thanks a million.
I'm moving on because there's five more songs that I wouldn'taba asked for.

www.beerforman.com
We must first pump up our hate of it.
I stand before you now, truly unafraid, in slack.
Why? Because I disbelieve something you do not?
No! I stand here in slack because I remember.
I remember that I am here not because of the path of lies before me,
but because of the path of lies behind me.
I remember that for 80 million years we have fought these humans.
I remember that for 80 million years they have set their jobs to destroy us.
And after an eternity of work, I remember that which matters most.
We are still here.
Tonight, let us send a message to these normals.
Let us tremble and shake this campground.
Let us shake this land of rock, stick, and froth.
Let us be heard from Tranquility Base to Babylon Heights.
Tonight, let us make them remember this is some genius,
and we must have slack.
Great ball!
Q Matrix Music.
Q Matrix Music.
This race, for neither ship nor sling of our chagrin, surrender.
Thank you.
And so the naked crazy pagans of every possible race here in America,
and from all over the world, finish their square dance to Gaelic Storm, I believe that was.
Whoa!
And this band here is Baka Beyond.
World music is, I guess, what it's all about.
Like I say, very heavy on the drumming.
Friends, it's a great way to spend a weekend, actually.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.







Thank you.
Thank you.
Next up, cave show.
ized Small отс of bombardment, Across the Red Mask L discourses.
One me has clues because I am a faggot.
Yeah, I'm a faggot.


If not, don't take it to the RNVVGC or person's
All right!
and we'll see you out there at Brushwood
next weekend
hope the weather's good
rain all day
you have been listening to
the subgenius radio ministry
hour of slack
for more information see us on the web
a huge website
www.subgenius.com
email me
stang at subgenius.com
or write to me at
post office box 181417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio
44118
and praise
above
seafloor earth

ala
adio
ac生
ac
acg
I'm the music director of O2
I'm the music director of O2
I'm the music director of O2
I'm the music director of O2
I'm the music director of O2
And right now, on stage, live,
we have a music video playing,
and maybe getting more music.
Mix that.
Mix that.
Mix what?
Mix the announcement about the
Niggas, Niggas, Niggas, Niggas
getting monkey sex on stage.
Why should I mix the announcement?
Because if the place is not happening,
there is no Niggas, Niggas, Niggas, Niggas
getting monkey sex on stage.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, well, yeah, yeah.
And
press the στα
press the στα
so-so daughter.
And friends, all throughout
this show, you've been hearing the
collages of
Fernanda Nde,
Ali Moore,
such as...
Remember, people watch the lion
drinkers to make sure you have alcohol
and fire on every level of your home.
Remember, if someone
in your household smokes under the influence
of fire, you must be aware
of Ontario. Remember,
remember, I'm a dangerous drinker.
Remember, there's more
to responsible drinking than alcohol
and fire on every level of your home.
I think...
And I think...
Flash...
Whatever.
I like that.
Ooh la la.
