hey if you don't call it jane's gonna hear no music now you want to all go home or what
the soul genius
but back here at the duplication hall the muffled sounds were driving
driving us driving us mad they were driving us mad the input is now it goes into analog
and now here at the victory theater on buenovich decor in beautiful sham from rockin cisco
the night of clarabelle the ding weasel people and the shouting lizards
sing
singing in perfect unison for your indecent delays and your artistic miscreants
oh yes dear friends for this episode number 1827 i'm gonna surprise myself
i'm gonna assemble the show assap without even listening to any of it first
well actually i did hear all of it before just not since 2001
and not in this
one
my task of making hour of slack easier for me
by putting all subgenius audio on one huge 14 terabyte hard drive is done
although there's more sorting to do and i'm late already my god it's thursday
april 22nd i'm doing these credits first then i'll organize the files by title
then in theory we'll both be hearing this show for the first time
the credits are easy
it's all from eso swamp radio from wcsb cleveland
professor chaz smith's show but with me and lone cow dave doing most of the talking
princess we was there sometimes too
it's all from one archival collection called best of eso number 11 or eso bo number 11
in between each track i plan to put really short clips from the short funny clips folder
voila!
voila! A show is done, and I can get back to all the other stuff on my list today,
such as slacking off and killing Bob.
The subgenius must have slack!
He be slack or zombie.
No.
I'll be alright. I got the dog race good and there's no outside windows.
Mr. Smith, he tried to kill me. He tried to kill me.
We were in the store and he kept going faster and faster.
Lay your hands on the radio! Lay your hands on the radio there in the home!
And we're gonna look to God!
I really think that Bob is enjoying it. He just has this wonderful sort of Cheshire cat smile.
No!
On July 5th, 1998, 7 a.m., when we all have hangovers,
Wotan's judgment will take place in the form of what the pre-scriptures call
the advent of the angelic host.
Oh, this is Timothy Leary reminding you...
that just as you need slack, Bob needs your help.
Send in those pledges and praise Bob.
Oh, slacker!
Well...
Well, I just don't know.
I just don't know.
I wandered into this... I wandered into this little spook house restaurant or whatever it was.
They were...
They were all having some kind of a party.
And then they set fire to the walls and just kept partying away while the place burned down around them.
It was like a vision of hell itself.
Oh, Jesus! I really knew it! I just...
But people just kept paying money, walking in,
I didn't seem to have any idea.
sliggin' drinks at the bar,
I didn't see that.
their clothes on fire,
They were just laughing it up as if they didn't feel any of it.
It was kind of a cult, like a...
A cult, man!
A cult!
And they were all dead.
I wasn't pre-elected. I reached out.
I stood outside, watched the place burn to the ground.
It was like they...
You know, they all acted like this was something they did every night.
You got me.
Don't ask me.
I don't know nothing about it.
I'd just as soon stay here working at the...
At the quick shop...
For a buck, two eighty an hour.
I ain't gonna send my money to that preacher.
That's just what he wants me to do.
I'm supposed to believe in some kind of deliverance by alien space fellers.
And if I believe on Bob, then I'm gonna get to ride them escaped flying saucers.
And I just, I don't buy into that.
Well, some of my friends...
Now, some of my friends are believers.
A psychic virus has been discovered.
Some of my friends are believers.
I'm not trying to put them down.
But I ain't gonna give away all my worldly goods.
I've already been through...
I had religion once.
I was in the Jehovah's Witnesses.
Had me give my Cadillac away.
The world was supposed to end on April 23rd.
We all sat around the hilltop waiting for God.
For the end of the world.
But after a while we got bored waiting and wandered off.
So I ain't gonna fall for none of that stuff this time.
But you know what I heard that was really sad?
I saw in this newspaper it said the Loch Ness Monster was dead.
I seen it right on the cover of that newspaper.
It was so sad.
It looked like a giant prairie squid or a big oyster.
It was flipping.
It had little slippers on it and a cute little otter's head.
And she was...
Did you know it said in there she was over a thousand years old?
And left a little tiny baby Loch Ness Monster homeless.
Friends, you don't want to let that little baby Loch Ness Monster go hungry, do you?
No, for in her belly are thousands of spider eggs.
Well, here in the Church of the Subgenius we offer...
special food and toys and modeling clay and clothing to those slackless children.
You know...
Even cosmetics and toiletries.
Those kids that you see the pictures of on milk cartons, they're not lost, friends.
They've just found Bob.
They are frolicking with the baby Loch Ness Monster now in a special swimming pool at the Home for Slackless Children in Malaysia.
Oh, there is no secret Neptune agenda.
Look, Ness is...
Nessie's dead.
It was all a big hoax.
Well, we'd prefer not to go into too much detail at this time about the origins since our own research is not complete.
But the Church of the Subgenius does seem to have a direct connection with the program known among conspiracy nuts as the Neptune Agenda.
And in fact...
The Neptune Agenda.
Yes, the Neptune Agenda, which we can trace the beginnings back to the discovery of sonar in 1915.
It's a watery, fishy theory, a philosophy, a conspiracy.
Well, it seems that after the first use of sonar to detect German U-boats in the North Atlantic, unusual and cryptic Morse code messages began to be received by listeners in many different areas.
A separate code of a logarithmic nature was created to communicate with turntables.
And what turned out to be aquatic mammals.
I probably shouldn't elaborate further here because some of the things I've picked up about this seem very new-agey.
Nessie is a biocide.
Stupid.
Having to do with ley lines and a global network of crystal skulls used as mind control transmitters to direct the actions of technologically advanced, or left-brained, humans.
I can hear the telar code.
This is the way I navigate.
I move my body close to the earth.
The telar occurrence.
It will dot the insides of my ears.
Sonar.
Sonar.
You can hear the whales of the briny deep moan out their love songs.
They can hear me, yes, they can.
The lonesome cowboy Dave up there on the prairie could hear them whales all the way out in the ocean.
And he knew he wasn't going to be lonesome for long.
He'd heard from old Bob what fun a giant sea-cation, sea-going mammal could be.
Oh yeah.
They're not that different from human beings, really, the way their bodies are set up.
They're warm-blooded.
Warm-blooded.
Mmm.
When you're in the freezing, frigid Atlantic Ocean.
And you got you a kind of...
Romantically inclined she-whale.
And you're a particular lonely cowboy preacher with a guitar.
You smell that ambergris floating on the seashore there.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
You'll drop your sheep and your horses and just shuck your chaps and...
Liquid-fired in-laws.
Go swimming right out there.
Oh yeah.
Lonely cowboy Dave riding them dolphins all the way out to meet his queen, the great blue
whale in the center of the North Atlantic.
Yes.
Dave Tristed, just as had his mentor Bob.
But unfortunately, whereas Bob was man enough to handle a female blue whale, Dave got tangled
in the harpoon rope.
And was last seen with his wooden leg a-floppin' as she sounded one last time.
I'm the Blue Dips with Davey Joe's Logger.
We've got a thousand ten-eighths stories of Neptune.
Yep.
Dave's back down there underground, underwater, underneath the great web.
I can't fucking breathe.
I can't breathe.



I feel like I'm suffocating.
This is not as fun as it was before.
I like to just relax and just expand and just be...
Shh.
He was deep, deep inside the blowhole of the she-whale.
He thought he was gonna be having some kind of a big hot date that night.
And here he was, stuck halfway in the blowhole, halfway out.
She couldn't spout.
And that's about all he could do.
Oh, baby, Leviathan!
I'm so sorry.
I'd rather the Winston be thy name!
I've got a wooden leg!
And he was the denken...
But they later got over their marital differences, and Dave took up residence inside Mrs. Monstro.
You've got to be kidding me?



We've gotta house oughta take off the garbage.
Yeah, we'll take off the garbage.
We've got th mitts to go with it.
kamall he had to do is occasionally empty the garbage out of Mrs. Monstro.
He'd scrape up the old license plates and tin cans and used syringes and so forth that
washed into her stomach that managed to get through the baleen.
He'd have to empty that stuff out now and then.
He was like a parasitic life form inhabiting the body of the she-whale.
Little mangan's here, little mangan's there, little harpoon cleaning here.
Oh, it's so shiny.
The only, their only natural enemy was Eskimos and Norwegians who had broken, and Japanese
whaling boats who had broken the international laws against such things.
Dave was Dave of the whales.
I'll learn this baby's song and then I'll record it and make a million dollars.
And Dave thought he was going to be a big rock star.

He was a rock and roll star with the citation Whale Song Rock.
So you know these songs last about a year and a half.
It takes about two years to compose them.
I figure if I just shrink it down on a data bank and take it all the way down to like
say three vibrations for every 25 seconds or something, I could have a perfect three
minute pop rock song.
Whale, whale of a whale of a whale of a whale.
But unfortunately the new age composer Yanni beat him to it.
Oh.
And made all the big money.
Dave and his wife, the female blue whale Mrs. Monstro were left in the gutter singing bad
country western songs for hoping for spare change from the citizenry and tourists who
would walk down the boardwalk there.
A man who never learned to live his life and let it be his own.







I'm not going to say that there's a man like that or something wrong with him.
Well, no actually like I said the whale is not like it's a different order of animals.
They're mammals.
They're not that different from a person.
They have a vestigial sort of hind leg and rather a longer tail than people do.
But you know they breathe air.
They breathe air.
They cry tears.
They weep tears.
Just like you or I.
Well, like you anyway.
And they don't seem to be able to take very good care of their fingernails.
Why is that?
This fungal growth seems to have traveled all the way to the base of the spine.
And this basal area here is completely covered with the fungus.
Oh, it's superstitious, eh?
Well, it seems to be.












Dear Diary,
Today I have added a fourth circle to my pre-pooping ritual.
As before, the first circle is to verify that I do in fact need to poop.
The second is to check for gremlins and men with beards and hats.
The third is to re-verify my need for pooping.
And now the fourth is to honor my newly deceased toy.
Stuffed Llama, rest in peace.
I didn't mean to shake your head off.
Bob and Connie really enjoy life.
I'm not sure how much room on the saucers.
Holy hen!
Don't worry, folks.
This is us.
Gross and perverted.
In gross?
Sest and deranged.
In the funky Vangelint.
The eyebrow picker.
And the french fry curler.
These are a few of my favorite things here on Mars.
Can we just sit down here and have a little fireside snack?
You'll notice the person to your extreme right is catching fire right now.
And we'll be ready to eat in a few moments.
Have you guessed me yet?
I'm the fly oozing out from your radio set.
You will obey me while I eat you.
Alright, here we go.
Here we got Frank Zappa's, the real Frank Zappa book here.
Let's read a little bit here while Frank sings.
If you wind up with a boring miserable life because you listen to your mother, your dad, your priest, to some guy on television,
to any of the people, or someone on radio for that matter,
to any of the people telling you how to do your sh**,
then you deserve it.
You want to be a shmuck? Be a shmuck.
But don't win around for respect from other people.
A shmuck is a shmuck.
I suggest we learn how to take anything bad that happens to us and polarize it.
Instead of being overwhelmed by a negative event, dodge to the side like those Tai Chi guys
and let it whiz by your pants.
Maybe it makes a little breeze.
Big deal.
Please don't mistake this for optimism.
There is an organization in Texas called the Church of the Subgenius,
devoted to the teachings of some guy with a pipe in his mouth named Bob.
I'm not a member, but part of their theology parallels mine.
As the planet gets more crowded, we must realize that slack is precious,
shmucks are plentiful,
impingements are impractical,
and werewolf etiquette is a crime.
The etiquette for self-defense is a personal necessity.
Thank you, St. Frank.
Greetings from St. Frank. Charles, you did a wonderful job.
You can sit down there now.
Frank Zappa said that, eh?
Yeah, right.
Glory be, that is a beautiful disclaimer.
Well, this is the same idea if you think about George Clinton saying,
free your mind and your ass will follow,
and old Sunjiata story of in order to fly you have to lose your shmuck.
Here, listen on. He says,
techniques must be developed to enable each of us to escape the other guy's bullsh**
just as he wishes to escape ours.
Heaven would be a place where bullsh** exists only on television.
Pull the wool over your own eyes, Mark Graham.
See, now this is a man who came up with nine squadsillion hundred records
and albums and CDs in his lifetime
who spent all his excess energy creating his sh**.
And while he was doing this, all this stuff came into his head,
and so he spat that out too. And he was right.
And he never had one hit album, not one hit song on the top 40.
No. I think in Genoa he was probably a big star.
His silliest novelty song, the Montana, moving to Montana scene,
the dental floss song, was the closest thing.
Yeah, Dynamo Hum got airplay. At least in Cleveland it got a lot of airplay.
Oh, really?
Now, you must think there were a few movies, weren't there?
Not anymore.
In Dallas, nothing got airplay by Frank.
He was not well liked, was he?
Well, sure, at my house.
Fuck that, Dr. Drummond's house.
But, you know, but yeah, most of my fellow Texans like to torture Frank.
They nailed him up on sticks. They'd run him through town, painted all tarry,
and set him on fire.
Hey, they used to do that to me too. That's why I left. That's why Frank left.
That's why we all drifted away.
Frank was also abused by his mom and dad who had supper,
if you want to call it that, with their French poodle, Larry.
Frank's father was a full-blowed army colonel in the New York United States armies.
His mom was an insane woman who belonged to the Altar and Rose Society
and made him do things he didn't want to do.
His dad was a strict disciplinarian.
Who are we talking about?
Frank.
That's not true, is it?
Yeah, I think he was an army brat.
No, none of that's true.
No, he was an army brat and they drove him nuts.
They didn't drive him nuts. Frank Zappa was a relatively sane individual.
Well, no, they drove him sane if that's the result.
You know, there's a shame. He had good relationships with his parents and stuff.
Did he? I read...
See, then that's another myth exploded.
I read that his father was like real anal because he was an army colonel and stuff.
Well, was that Frank Zappa?
His mom was like, was one of those war-hungry, warring, Italian-American ladies who will not leave you alone for one minute.
Dynamo hum.
You with that ugly your own free whale, Doc?
Yes, yes I am.
I'd rather be lucky than smart.
Where are we, Bob?
The code is broken.
Trouble?
Big. Security.
I have the lid on tight.
Well, take it off for me.
The message is, Mars needs women.
Bills, bills, bills, bop, bop.
B-b-bop, b-b-bop, b-b-bop.
Brop, b-bop, zippy b-bop, b-b-bop.
Praise Bob!
Bang. Bang. There were a couple times when I didn't think you were buying it.
You know what Jenkum is?
I saw one of those TV shows that has America's most famous.
It's called The Fascist Home Hilarious Cop Abuses.
Oh, those are great.
And it was, I gotta admit, it was pretty funny.
This cop had pulled over this sort of a buck-toothed, hayseed, po-bucker, just-got-in-town jasper sort of a fella that talked kind of like me.
They love them newcomers.
And on the vid, there was a cop and a video cameraman talking to this guy.
And the cop's going, sir, I suspect that you've been smoking marijuana.
Now, do you know why I would suspect that?
And the guy's going, I don't know.
The whole time he's got this joint in his ear.
Right behind his ear.
The cameraman, of course, zooms in on it.
And, you know, it embarrassed me, you know, to see that pot smoker look so very, very dumb.
Because I know it was the beers he had.
And he admitted to the beers.
He said, well, I did just have a couple of beers.
Before I came out here.
But I don't know why you think I'd be smoking dope.
And the cop finally points to the joint behind the guy's ear.
And he goes, well, damn.
So I didn't even smoke it.
Now I ain't going to get a chance to smoke it.
If I'd have been smoking it, why would it be my own darn?
That's right, too.
Wasn't it?
Yes, friends.
It's right.
Right, right, right.
The next time you eat a beer.
The hamburger.
Don't just eat the hamburger.
Pull the damn joint out from under your ears and smoke him in remembrance of you.
Ah, yes.
And then when you have truly remembered you, pick pieces off of yourself.
Pull yourself into little tiny bits and let the seeds roll away.
And then kind of fluff yourself over into that huge bowl of Bob's giant pipe.
And let him smoke you.
And as you become the molecules coursing down and hitting his little airy veolia bubbles in his lungs.
And as you enter Bob's bloodstream.
And as the essence of you becomes that which is interfering with Bob's rational thought.
Don't forget.
Don't forget what you owe Bob.
At that moment.
You owe Bob more than the air you breathe.
You owe Bob the liquids you reconvert into spatial decels and brain signals like those shown in Mom's Decembered head.
She wanted to be Miss January, but look at her now.
Frozen.
Under a three-foot sheet of ice.
She's a very lackluster performance on your part, Larry.
I think we can cure that easily.
Ha!
Here we go.
Look at the monkeys and the dwarfs and midgets.
And the bears.
And the pigs.
And the normals and the subgeniuses all running around.
I can see them now.
As if they were right in front of me sweating and farting like the other circus animals.
God almighty, I love the circus.
The smell of the peanuts.
The quaint, piquant aroma of the dead chef.
God, I love the circus.
If I could just make Cavill perhaps live one wish, it would be to be in the circus always.
Front row center and front.
A master ceremony.
I am afraid, Monsieur, you have failed.
You have failed just miserably.
We have taken a very, very detailed log of your activities and your motor responses.
You are what we might call a spud animal.
You little spud man.
Little silly spud people.
You would do know of the roots of ice.
How can he see in any one direction?
Dirty little...
160 degrees.
He's...
He's...
He's a fallen piece of flesh that has no use.
So...
Filthy, filthy, filthy.
Dirty, dirty.
Steve, Dr. Dog, we're ready to tee off now.
Those of you who haven't watched are gonna have to...
Gonna have to...
Gonna have to...
Gonna...
Go back and hit...
Go back and hit the...
Shit.
This is Reverend D.K. Jones.
Uh, in New Jersey.
Great, great subgenius.
a song called Midnight Ramblers.
He dressed in midnight ramblers, yeah.
I don't mean just Black breed.
I mean you Black haunted men and women.
io move in, midnight ram after stayin'
All midnight ramblers' faces are not black.
But their arms are as black as midnight.
I'm talking to you.
Hold up, men.
And women.
You bank robbers.
You selling clothes.
And you bank robbers.
And kidnap.
Hold up, men.
I'm talking to you.
And we got some people in the chat.
I'm sitting out just as men.
As a midnight rambler.
I don't know what time brother.
Cut in last night.
Yeah, brother.
They had him.
Yeah.
They had him.
But you haven't told why they had that.
Sister Belle, why did they have him at?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I thought he was in jail.
I thought.
I thought.

Anywhere.
Yes.
Yeah.
WW
w
,
.
I'm not all in court.
I'm not hold.
in code.
in code.
Oh, well, you don't have to tell me I'm not holding court.
No.
I'm just telling you he's got to tell the judge.
And you're out to tell him what to do.
Him what to do.
Him what to do.
Him what to do.
Him what to do.
Him what to do.
And in the court, if you don't mind, you get six dollars.
Eight.
Ah, ten.
And now I'm talking to you, midnight ram.
Yes.
Stay real nice.
Yes.
Just to rob and steal.
All right.
From a used car, I'm telling you, steal from yourself.
All right.
Eat and buy, eat and buy, eat and buy, eat and buy.
Sell, kill, sell, kill, sell.
Can't you hear?
Oh, bless.
Oh, I don't do that.
You got to, you got to, you got to, you got to.
Uh-huh.
Oh, yeah.
Out with somebody else.
But he's got the answer for himself.
Yeah.
I went out there for him first.
He's got to stand for himself.
That musical break was Midnight Rambler by D.K. Jones.
From before my life in the Bush of Ghosts, by the way.
And now Captain Beefheart.
The black paper between a mirror breaks my heart.
The moon frayed through dark velvet lightly apart
Steals softly to sunshine
Steals softly to snow
What?
What?
The princess is a creature of antiquity
Ten million years at least in age
Dear diary, I told the cat about how my dearest human has promoted me
Teaching me to shake so I can participate in his business dealings
However, cat pointed out that I'm often unaware of what I'm shaking on
For example, when I shook the neighbor's hand this morning
I have no clue what I agreed to
None
Cat says this is how the devil buys souls
I will pee on the bed for comfort
No!
No!
I must have a girl to call my own, for I am Dobby, son of Goom.
You pitiful, dobbings-legged earth fools milling about in your cage of only three dimensions.
Dobby, go find me a nymph.
You don't know what for you lost me.
Maynard, bring me a woman.
Bring me a bongo, bongo baby.
Give me a fury.
A hundred of little furies.
I want more.
Bring me harpies with chests of steel.
Bring me the furies themselves.
I want Medusa.
Yes, I will make love to Medusa.
Let her turn me to stone.
I could be no stonier of heart.
Then it's over.

I am already.
If only the fools would leave me in peace to complete my experiments.
They want to know who I am and what I am.
Well, I'll show them.
I'll show them all.
It's here in this dark cave on the Aegean Sea, where lights have been seen for scores and scores of years.
Fishermen have noticed lights in this cave.
For a period of five weeks at a time during the summer solstice season.
And after that time, the lights appear to...
These crop circles, or frock circles as they're called, originally appeared in wheat fields in England and Ireland, Scotland.
Lately, they've been appearing as concrete circles in the center of New York City in Chicago.
Decorated with the bodies of mutilated cattle.
Mysteriously mutilated cattle.
What could this mean?
There are no secrets in the Church of the Subgenius, and I will not be endangering myself or my family in any way despite rumors to the contrary, because you, dear listener, will probably not believe a word of it.
It's all just a dream.
It's just the migrating light out of a dark hive.
Click here to watch the series and learn about How commercial wood sacrifice echoed into eastern taupe.
Amen.
Ber stallion.



Why promoter Rosal ど freed�
is anderen Monde juumbo.
Here look at this all city of truth.
Most 체 scint 뉴�orium.

there is no law.
You'll never see him again.
That's why I'm Lieutenant Frank Mim youngest, and Whiteforest Friends will never meet...
Died Minister Tasher.
Why should I move his head?

Do we tell him?
with the church that it is hard to choose where to start.
This is so like, dude, it's like the Lucians in the like,
Hollow Earth days, look, look, the Nazis, look,
such a weird match, like, dimensions from, I mean,
these people from the, you never heard of them?
To set the tone, let me tell you what I've seen with my own eyes
while visiting Palmer Vredes, actually the artist Hal Robbins,
aka Dr. Hal, in his San Francisco apartment in 1993.
Well, I, w-w-w-well, go ahead.
Lies and Vredes began an apparently innocent brag fight,
each proclaiming their abilities in the most outrageous terms,
but after a quarter hour without significant gain,
Vredes became agitated and suddenly swept lamp and telephone
from an end table.
He then seemingly lifted the table into the air.
air without touching it. It shot out the window and crashed onto the sidewalk two floors below
where it burst into flame. Vreedes changed the subject immediately and the event was
never spoken of again. Having set the tone with that story, I can pretty much say anything
I want to and be assured that no listener will believe a word of it. On the same visit,
I took a trip into the desert with D. Woodman Atwell of puzzling evidence, a harrowing experience
all around, for I saw him apparently drive his truck through a concrete wall without
damage of any kind to anything. I was then shown a series of missile silos from which
shone beams of bluish green light for a period of about two hours around midnight. This is
February of 1992. There were a number of unusual gravitational
and gravitational waves. I was then shown a series of missile silos from which shone
beams of bluish green light forribles of oil and moltenlaughing waves.气ğera sais



Professor Abe versus a grandfather over in Oregon. FromNANCHO's Set Off NANCHO and starting
again with the world incomparably different, forged by Anaknon B. Jones drinking too much
This is nothing compared to the bizarre political and extra-legal connections of the Church of the Subgenius.
Ivan Stang is known to have made trips to England and South America in the past few years to meet with, among others,
high-ranking members of the P2 Masonic Group and an organization of which the Priory of Zion and Bilderberger Group are sanitized fictionalizations.
Stang and Drummond are known to be 33rd-degree masons, and Stang's position in a control group hinted at as a Texas mafia is hereditary through his father, an ex-district attorney for Dallas.
Stang has employed a man named Doug Smith to pose as the real-life person of Ivan Stang.
Stang, however, is his real name, although he now uses the Smith name in his daily affairs.
I have met Smith and can assure you they are two very different people.

They are two very different people of entirely different capabilities.
Smith seems to be a victim of arrested development, and though he is the nicest guy you'd ever want to meet,
Stang is perfectly correct in calling him,
dumb as Dave.
I have never met Drummond, but the stories I've heard...
are as strange as anything yet.
Relate.
I've seen the real Doug.
I've seen the real Doug.
and he is just as smooth as buttermilk pie.
He would never do a harmful thing to another human being.
This other man, now you can see there's a big difference.
Look at his chin right there.
There's a big scar on his chin,
and I don't see how they can get away with that.
I told all my kin so far that this is it with me,
but I'm just giving up on everything
that God never says ever again.
I just don't believe it.
Did you see what they had on the head the other night?
They had a man who could actually make a man,
make a man, make a man, make a man, make a man.
Oh, you rat.
Scrapple.
Scrapple.
Scrapple.
Scrapple.
Scrapple.
Scrapple.
Scrapple.
Scrapple.
Scrapple.
Scrapple.
Scrapple.
Scrapple.
Bob put it in Ayn Rand.
I heard your voice on the radio.
You're staying.
Of course you know me.
You were sent here to kill me.
A letter from a prisoner.
Prisoner?
A prisoner in Atlanta, or near to Atlanta.
Actually, his prison address here is in Delaware.
What's he in prison for?
What we have here.
Listen to this letter.
It is a favor you to fornicate.
I mean, communicate.
This was sent to us here in Cleveland, not to the Dallas headquarters.
He goes, almighty holy messenger, my name is Noah.

Noah Hughes, aka Pope Nasty.
Noah count.
I'm a devout subgenius whose rights to slack are being withheld through a local department
of corrections.
I'm currently being held in Gander Hill Prison, located in Wilmington, Delaware, on charges
of-
Hey, you got a rack of dollars.
Sell it.
Hey.
Prop possession.
I'm looking at about three more years, and they repeatedly had church material refused.
I'm a devout subgenius.
And reps all scorched our walls.
I'm asking for violation of night of明白ness, and then, of course, you wantompalence?
That's fine.
At least if I can superpower a one and Ooooh.
Leave her.

brought religious לicheó
for isolation of my First Amendment rights,
a violation of them.
So please feel free to forward any and all information
pertaining to these topics and requests.
My body is totally slack-free.
And I'm hurting for some of your old-time religion.
Also, please use the church name on the return address
so I can receive said slack.
God bless you, my fine friend.
Give me slack.
Praise Bob.
Oh, that poor man.
Now to discuss his actual agonizing condition.
Just think of what he must go through every day.
He bangs a tin cup against the cell door.
A guy with one of those 1930s King Kong hats comes by
and pulls out his old billy stick
and starts clubbing him ferociously
until the guy next door,
who is somewhere near 455 pounds of solid muscle
with a shaved head,
has barbecue shavings with him.
Yeah.
That is so disgusting.
And for what?
What did this man do to deserve this?
Lick a black hole of liquor.
All this man did was lick a black hole.
That's all he did.
And did that hurt anybody else?
No.
Well, no, my friend, you don't understand.
The reason why we are against drugs
is because they are against us.
Don't you understand what it is saying?
But yet you can buy heroin down at the supermarket.
I mean, beer.
You can buy false hair anywhere, pal.
That is true.


It doesn't mean you're not going to stay bald.
And get cracked down at the liquor store.
I mean, whiskey.
You know, I mean, you can get,
you can get narcotics anywhere.
You could be a narcotic.
All this man did was have some frop
and lick a black hole.
He should have told the judge.
He should have told the judge.
I am drugs.
He's probably been staring.
He's probably got three more years
of looking in the black hole.
I guess they better put...
Or bend over.
I guess they better put God in prison
for growing frop.
The last time I heard,
Mr. God was growing marijuana.
And from both.
By the roadside, my friend.
All over this country and many others.
I guess they better put God
in that Dander Hill prison.
That God is in jail right now.
Well, that's kind of one of the main problems
or why we are having so many problems right now.
Hell, they're lowering the coffin of God
into the ground.
God is dead.
God is not dead.
He's doing 15 to 25 at a minimum.
Well, not really a minimum.
There is.
There's barbed wire,
but he can't get out.
For growing.
God's in prison for growing.
Well, no, actually just for consorting
with an angular object.
I think there were even more of those than that.
I think they're working on throwing the sun
in the hoose cow, too.
I thought God was arrested by the four...
Too much light.
By the four-dimensional sheriff.
Fourth-dimensional sheriff.
For trying to break into the fifth dimension.
Yeah, because we've got only a three-dimensional God.
Yeah.
He was getting...
So that's...
Oh, he was doing...
Well, actually, maybe it's...
Maybe God's just a four-dimensional critter
and every now and then you just see a wavering light in the air
and you hear a voice,
so everybody goes...
God!
So maybe you're saying God got thrown in jail for doing...
No, God...
He's just an adventurer.
He's like a guy who...
He lives in the four-dimensional world.
It lives in the four-dimensional land.
But he's just out tooling around one day
and stuck his head in on Earth, you know?
Oh, man.
What a mistake.
A mistake.
Just like us looking through a microscope
at a bunch of microbes.
And the people on Earth.
He looked around at the people
and he was just like,
you know, dudes, like, you shouldn't kill.
Like, don't do that.
And he kind of stuck his finger out when he said that,
but, you know, that's what came through
to three dimensions.
When he stuck his finger out,
he kind of, like, passed through and they said...
And he said, do not kill him.
They wrote it on a stone.
Unfortunately...
They all said, kill him!
Kill him!
And then they realized
every time they killed him,
he kept on coming back every Easter,
so they put his ass...
His ass in jail
and they're not letting him out.
Aren't you mixing up God with Jesus, Dave?
Oh.
The idea of the...
His son.
That's his little boy, God Jr.
I beg to differ with myself.
God is not only his only purified self,
but he's also an alien vestigal.
He's three in one.
Three great candies in one.
May he rest in peace.
Yeah, or may he get some slack time in the yards,
you know, without...
Yeah, because not only did he grow the frog,
but he grew the humans
and put...
Gave them these brains
whereby they would figure out
that if they chewed on the frog
and packed it up their eggs,
it would have felt kind of good.
And so they did it because they could.
Now, I think God should be thrown in jail for that.
I think jail should probably be
his most divine wish.
Because somewhere there's a 15-year-old smoking pot
and God's God's responsibility.
He brought it around.
He's that kid's father.
We're all children of God.
Wildwood weed.
If...
If...
If...
Man...
What if God actually did look like divine, though?
I mean, wouldn't that be a stunning surprise
to walk into the heavenly gates
and there's St. Peter
and he's all bespectacled
and he looks like he's got, you know,
like a foreskin around his neck?
Now, that's how God will look to Jesse Helms.
With a foreskin around his neck, right,
and a biting, angry, one-eyed head.
That's the way Jesse Helms will die.
God will look like the young kitten,
not TV Dodd,
in an early Russ Meyer film.
Kitten, not TV Dodd.
Oh, God.
God's boy's in the White House now,
so we should be seeing a lot more of this.
Bob's boy?
Well, that's the...
I mean, did you hear they...
That's the two-dimensional God
I think you're talking about.
This morning...
This morning, they, uh...
Yeah.
This morning, they found the Bush daughters
passed out in their own puke
on the front lawn of the White House.
That could be a well...
That could be true, couldn't it?
It is.
It is.
It is a true thing?
Yeah.
You know how you can lie to me
in their own puke.
That was when I quit.
That was my last drink
when I woke up on the White House lawn
in a puddle of my own puke.
Wearing that duck suit and a brassiere.
And I could tell I had scratched
deep gouges in the door
with my fingernail the night before.
And you realized one tooth was missing
and they were like,
you were wearing lipstick.
I was...
I realized that I better quit drinking.
But you know, those Secret Service guys
never did quit
because there's still guys
scratching at the door.
Those guys don't buy liquor
for young broads.
They don't pay us down.
They don't pay us down.

Everybody's drinking on the job.
I'll scrapple.
Scrapple.
We should live in cities
on our own filth.
We tried that.
That's so 14th century, Dave.
That's so 1400s.
Man, I'm so pashay.
You know, living like back in the 14th,
like the 15th century, man.
Yeah, right.
Well, the plane walked out
half the humans.
You had that going for it.
Cans and pieces of plastic.
Half the humans.
This was the sound of it.
You got it on tape.
Cups.
Styrofoam.
It's not that bad.
You got it on tape.








Styrofoam.
But I live in my home.
Feel the drill.
Oh, my.
The nose drill.
My side.
It hurts, doesn't it?
Hold me.
But you like it.
It hurts more.
It just keeps getting louder.
Oh, my ears.
My ears.
Thanks, Bob.
Oh, my ears.
I love you.
I'm losing my mind.
Thanks, Bob.
Oh, I can't stand it
another second.
More, more, more.
Oh, I can't stand it.
I can't stand it.
It's being ruptured.
Almost done there.
And it feels so good.
Now spit out of your ears.
And you turn it off.
Let your ears drill in the cup now.
Just when you get a breath.
My ears.
I'm like,
I'll tell you anything
you want to know.
Killing me.
Don't stop, Bob.
I hate this.
Don't stop.
Don't stop.
I can't.
I'm losing it.
I'm losing it.
I'm losing it.
I got the wig on.
I'm losing it.

Oh, Bob.

Don't.
You have to let yourself
be able.
This is the worst thing
that's ever happened.
God is fair.
God, Bob.
I want to pay extra for that.
Dear diary,
my dearest human
asked me where the ball was
when it was clearly
in plain sight.
I brought it over
and he threw it
even farther away.
Then asked me where it was
and was very happy
when I brought it again.
Perhaps a metaphor?
Dearest human leaves each day
and I am happy
when he returns.
Wait.
Maybe he is the ball
and I am dearest human.
This is too much.
I must be on the bed.
The sad dog diary clips there
came from Z Frank.
Yanked from YouTube.
Z is spelled Z-E.
Frank is spelled Frank.
Unless they have
control of your radio tubes.
And I do too.
Good.
This is Ren Hoack.
And this is Stimson J. Cat
of the Ren and Stimpy Show.
And you're listening
to the Hour of Slack.
Keep listening, you idiots.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Else I shall kill you.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.

Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
B-L-N-D-N-P-G.
That spells blind pig,
don't you see?
Teacher said with some surprise,
son, you left out both the I's.
Now I said, teacher, dear,
won't you please say,
please and listen here.
Blind pigs have no eyes, you see.
You're right, the teacher said to me.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Root for that acorn.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.

Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.







Hey, how are you doing?
Yeah, I'm doing good, how you doing?
I'm doing fine.
I was thinking.


You were talking to me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You looked like the kind of gentleman that can appreciate a special, special interest
photography, we like to call it here.
What do you have?
Yeah, look at this.
This is.
Are you selling something?
Like, check that, check this out. When was the last time you saw an 8x10 color picture of a female praying mantis chewing off the head of her mate?
Come on, George, that's a bad man. Let's get away.
Oh, come on, take a look. Look, we got little movies here, too.
Look, this one's, it's a spider chewing on a fly.
Spider, do fly!
Come on, these pictures are taken with an electron microscope.
I want to look, I want to look, I want to look!
Yeah, check it out, check it out.
Oh, come on, lady. Look, this is a free country.
Okay, hey, you into cockroaches?
Here's a cockroach being eaten by a wolf spider wasp.
Look at that, he's chewing away.
You like it?
Hey, look at this, these things live inside your eyelashes.
Can you believe it? That's the most hideous looking thing ever seen.
Oh, baby!
Yeah, yeah, check it out. It's nude, man. It's all nude. You can see it.
My eyebrows are nude?
No, no, no, check it out, this bug, man.
It's a bug?
Oh, he eats me.
Bug, porno.
It's so dirty, bug's so dirty.
Hey, honey, it's all relative.
What do I do?
Oh, no, no, don't you do it, you got it wrong.
We don't have anything to do with, uh,
we just developed the film and, uh,
he's the processor.
They do it, they do it, and they do it somewhere,
that's why I can only do it with the bug, porno, or, uh, or the porno.
Oh, baby!
You're normally such a slacker, it's the first time you've heard of him.
Are all four of you guys in here? Is Phil in there?
He just, yeah, yeah.
Can we?
Do it with four?
Yeah, all four.
Okay, well.
What are we doing?
How do we, this is, this is.
Oh, the armrest.
They'll do the, they'll do the comedy.
How about this is Phil, Phil, Pete, and Dave of the Firesign Theatre.
This is, okay.
This is Phil.
Phil.
Let's take it again.
Yeah, oh, Pete and Dave, okay, there we go, yeah.
All right, you over here?
You just shut up.
This is Phil.
Phil.
Pete.
And Dave of the Firesign Theatre.
And we're listening to The Hour of Slack.
Hack, hack, hack, hack, hack.
Because we're subgeniuses.
And we're slacking off.
And we're listening to the average movie viewer or listener out there in radio land.
Here's the, Miss, Miss, Miss, Miss, Miss, Miss, Miss, Miss.
Here's listless Miss Minnie Smalls as she stirs the detergent into the top of the fugitive's head.
And here she is now.
Oh, it's spooky for her up here on this escape vessel.
And of course, pouring the liquids into the fugitive's heads can be very dangerous.
And so she always makes sure to wear the rubber gloves provided her by dad.
She's not about to make the same mistake little sis made last January when she lost an eye
somewhere in the backyard.
Have you found that mystic eye?
Have you, have you found it, dear?
Have you found that mystic...
What you're looking for, friend and seeker and peeker and peeker?
What you want in your truest heart?
Why have you been standing on the sidelines when you could be standing on the front lines
with your foot planted firmly in your own ass?
Lonesome Cow Dave, don't you know what they're doing to yourself?
Thank you, the late Professor Chaz Smith and the early Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And thanks to a million people who have been watching this show.
And thanks to a million subgeniuses for the short clips.
You've been listening to the Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
Everything is at subgenius.com.
And if you don't believe me, just look at all of it.
Good luck with that.
And praise Bob.
Praise Bob!
Get down with my sickness.
We messed up.
And neither can we!
Yeah!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
