From PR News in Washington, I'm exhausted, frustrated, and anxious to get PR's reports first.
It's been seven days. Researchers say that I'm getting worse,
since long before South Carolina spun off from Virginia earlier today.
Researchers say I really can't remember in English.
Long-term percent is 4.65, up to 4.11 percent.
A new study suggests that this PR News is getting worse.
Quote, PR News, there's something pretty insidious going on.
What is it? What's the matter?
I just had a terrible dream.
What?
It was blood and fire and thunder and something awful was moving in the middle of it.
I could hear it roar and bellow.
The Self-Genius Power of Self.
If I were to allow that to continue, he would blow every circuit in his body.
That is correct, sir.
Testing, testing.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
For this hour of slack, we're in Austin.
I'm with Dr. Philo Drummond here.
I can drive my truck.
I can drive my truck for 22 cents a minute.
He's a little conflicted about these scooter machines that are suddenly everywhere.
15 cents a minute.
You don't have to do this for a living.
Good God.
Change your mind.
You're buying bikes, buddy.
What the fuck?
The Sub-Geniuses are in downtown Austin during South by Southwest,
handing out outdated Sub-Genius pamphlets with the Cleveland address on them.
Go back.
Get some.
Are you sure?
What?
You're going to go down the street and regret this choice.
Of course, as usual, Dr. Philo Drummond forgot something.
He won't say what, and he has to go back.
But here we are on the streets of downtown Austin promoting the movie with the simple title of J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Sub-Genius.
And the world premiere is tonight, or today, this afternoon, in less than an hour.
So we've got to give all these pamphlets away.
Okay.
So we've got to give all these pamphlets away.
Look what it did to him.
Good Lord, man.
Sternow's wearing a pipe-only sticker on his mouth.
Philo invented the pipe-only stickers.
You can be pipe any poster, and it becomes a work of art.
This town is nothing but posters right now.
There's Joe Bob Briggs with a big old pipe on him.
He's already got one pipe.
occurrence. Well they just grow. Nature does that. You plant one and a whole bunch grow later.
Don't let him kiss you.
Onan Canobite is with us. Pope Sternodox Kekever. Reverend Susie the Flusie.
Philo was here but he had to go get something. I think I know what that means.
Reverend Apostasy Fenord is here. Her sign says, are you controlled by secret forces?
Are you abnormal? Well are you?
Reverend Anna Moll is here. She handed a Bob sticker to a police officer and he promptly put it on his police car.
We've been turning these silly posters into fine art by using the three Ps of perfect pipe placement.
Perfect pipe placement. One of the first things we learned.
Well for us it was kind of instinctual. Philo was the one who formalized the rules.
We would just wake up in the morning and start placing pipes perfectly.
Right. Yeah but we were born that way. Other people have to be taught because they don't know perfect pipe placement.
They'll put them upside down.
I think the first time we placed pipes perfectly was in Peoria with P-Dawg.
No it was Poughkeepsie.
Poughkeepsie with P-Dawg. That's right.
Peoria was the second night.
And we put them all upside down and we had to go replace them the next day because we were fucked up.
Well that'll happen. But see that's how you learn.
Yeah some people put them in the nose or in the exit wound.
They'll put them just about anywhere except with perfect placement.
Okay Philo has returned. We can move on.
We're walking towards the convention center where the subgenius movies are.
The movies can be shown for the very first time to almost anybody.
I've actually seen it six times.
I left my phone in there.
Oh yeah your phone. Uh huh sure. Yeah it was just your phone.
It's a really gala though.
Yup they're handing out subgenius pamphlets.
Of course everybody walking up and down the street is handing out some kind of sticker or pamphlet.
People have beat us. They've been here before us.
There's pre-production.
There's proselytizers out here.
Yeah. So it's an exciting Sunday afternoon at South by Southwest.
She's the proselytizer.
She looks like a hooker.
I recognize that woman.
Oh my god. How much?
Too many.
Too many.
If you have to ask you don't have it.
Pastor Pressure and Joyce are here and St. Byron Werner.
Got everybody now?
Yeah.

Byron Werner has his rural war room instrument.
This is like a live rural war room concert.
It's more like a Punch and Judy show.
BAH!
Reverend Pease feels really important and handsome because he's got a special t-shirt that the
production handed us.
We even have like a dozen black choir robes but nobody seems to want to wear them.
It's too hot.
Oh yeah I guess so.
There's some free frozen yogurt keepons in there.
Not us.
I'm so cool I'm not even wearing a Bob shirt.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
There we go.
We're on lounge.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I forgot the salute.
Please.
I'm not giving you one.
Come back tonight.
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah,
yah, yah, yah, yah.
You fair?
Farlow is drop lifting pamphlets into people's bicycle baskets and things.
A free Ford F-150 coupon in here for you.
Those pamphlets are all going to be gone pretty soon.
The subgenius movie starts in half.
Half an hour at the convention center.
Come one, come all.
You won't believe your eyes.
You'll thank your lucky stars you were not born like them.
Pee your own damn ass in front of your mom.
Where's the Eskimo women?
And your grandparents.
And your kids.
Stole my pop idea.
Sterno.
If you pee your own damn ass in front of your kids and your grandparents and your mom,
you'll be at the subgenius world premiere of the documentary of the century.
Sacting towards Bethlehem.
No, that was the old, that was the working title.
If you urinate, you're sure to be interested in this.
The subgenius movie starts in 20 minutes.
We pee, interested.
Step right up.
We are doctors.
It's okay, man.
Show us your children.
We're doctors.
We have that.
We have rigid cardboard certificates.
Show us your children.
Give us your children.
Bob will improve them.
Or change them somehow.
Bob will improve your children.
We pee, interested.
I used to be stupid and Bob cured me.
If you urinate, you are sure to be interested in the subgenius movie.
Do you urinate?
Praise Bob.
Join us.
If you urinate, it is only by the grace of Bob that you have.
By the grace of Bob shall ye pee freely.
It's the magic time of pee.
It's the mighty time of pee.
But only.
If and only if.
You accept Bob into your heart.
Tonight.
Tonight.
Or perhaps just your eyes for a few minutes of the movie.
It's pretty interesting.
Or give us $20.
Yeah, whatever.
Either one.
We're up for any program.
No cards.
Just cash.
If you eat food, you'll need to see the subgenius movie.
You've never seen anything like it.
Freaks of nature.
The most unusual curiosities known to man.
You will thank your lucky stars that you were not born like them.
And yet they live.
They breathe.
They crawl on their belly like a reptile.
The subgenius movie.
You've seen it before.
In your dreams and nightmares.
I think Sam wants us to go that direction.
Ah, yes dear friends.
Even if you pyroflatulate, you will be accepted into this unity of mutants, misfits, disbelievers,
and praise Bob, those who will believe anything.
And I know that you will.
It's like he's done this before.
There's probably some still saying, hand these guys some free pamphlets.
They're staring at us.
Oh, okay, good.
We could go on to the movie at 3.
Oh, right on.
Can't wait.
You guys want a gummy bear?
Yeah.
Are they gummy bears?
Yes, they are.
I would like one.
You know it.
Come here, Seth.
Oh, gummy bears, I hear.
They're not for you.
They're not for you.
He asked me.
You're old.
I got extra if you need one, buddy.
He's the gummy king.
Salvation.
Oh, I wouldn't call me more of a vassal.
A vassal?
Uh-huh.
You know, we have a gummy bobs project.
Don't go too rough against the bar chain.
Oh, wait.
I shouldn't mention your name.

I'm your trademark dude.
Gummy bobs.
It's a secret.
That's right.
40 milligrams a piece, buddy.
Oh, nice, dude.
Thanks very much.
Enjoy.
You want one?
Sure.
Here you go.
Give me one.
Enjoy.
Is there anything in those?
Yeah.
40 milligrams.
How much?
40.
It's a great ride.
One is enough, friends.
One hit of Bob Dobbs is all you need.
From Nevada.
You're welcome.







It'll never come down.
It'll be the last drop you have to smoke.
They call it the weekend tuxedo box in Nevada.
I'm working on a new girl right now.
Just like the Masons, Subgenius Church is good for business deals.
You meet other business people.
I'm networking.
Networking, friends.
It happens all the time.
Have intercourse with a beautiful live girl or literally anything else.
I'm going to take a look at the list of the best restaurants in the world.
I got so much to tell you but I don't know what to say.
I'm eating beef jerky every single day.
When you gonna bring a little sunshine back?
It's raining in my brain.
I'm gonna make a little beer.



And the sky is rolling black.
I gotta hang loose.
I try to rock steady.
I sleep in my clothes.
Pretend that I'm all ready.
I got no distractions.
I got too many choices.
I can't sleep at night.
I get freaked out by the noises.
Damn, it's good to see these faces again.
Since you've been gone, I've been hanging around.
Hanging it up.
Holding it down.
My cats aren't dead but they sound like they're dying.
I get so high that I feel like I'm flying.
Beyond all that, things couldn't be finer.
Gotta let you go.
The house is on fire.
Damn, it's good to see these faces again.
Since you've been gone, I've been hanging around.

Hanging it up.
Holding it down.
When I feel like I can't keep on
Trying to do this all alone.
I pick you up and bring you home.
I got so much to tell you, but I don't know what to say.
I wonder how you're doing a zillion miles away.
When you gonna bring a little sunshine back?
It's raining in my brain and the sky is rolling.
Hold on, hold on.
Hello?
Oh, hey guys.
Oh my gosh, I miss you so much.
Really?
Oh, that's terrific.
No way.
Whoa, whoa, wait a second.
I gotta go.
I'll call you back.
I think I smell smoke.
Damn, it's good to see these faces again.
Since you've been gone, I've been hanging around.
Hanging it up, holding it down.
So damn good to see these faces.
Let's bust it out.
Let's fill up the spaces.
Let's start where we left off.
Let's get in a fight.
Get it out of the way.
And move on with the night.
That was, of course, Massive Hot Dog Recall.
Fronted by Al Mothersbaugh,
our band of the...
months.
From, well, I can't say the album title on the radio.
The movie premiere went great because the movie is pretty great.
I love it.
And my old subgenius doctor buddies who've now seen it love it too.
And even normals love it.
Or well, they like it a lot at the very least.
Reviews have been very good so far and distributors have been approaching.
Sandy Boone about it.
When a distribution deal is nailed down,
then DVD copies can go out to the Kickstarter investors and contributors.
It looks and sounds fabulous on a big theater screen.
Even the parts I shot on Betamax 40 years ago.
The editing, sound mix, music are all mind-blowing.
For me anyway, and I should know.
And it says something that the best movie about the Church of the Subgenius was made
by a Christian.
What it says is, don't stereotype kids.
After that world premiere, Sandy hosted a release party in the yard of the George Washington
Carver Museum with catered food and drink.
A bunch of mutant freak performers.
I don't know.
It was art, cars, a laser show.
And a mini D-vival, about 20 minutes long.
Done rather impromptu and on the spot, which you'll hear presently.
But now, back to the crowded but festive streets of Austin, Texas during South by Southwest.
The world ends tomorrow and you may die.
But you may not be this far.

not it all depends on whether you're right with Bob our peas is proselytizing to the the captive
audience is standing in line to buy a burger they can't avoid him you've seen the Hare Krishna's
you've seen the Jehovah's Witnesses this is a million times more obnoxious than all of those
cults put together no they won't be shooting the movie against the side of the truck they'll
be shooting the cast against the side of the truck we're in a firing squad well it's publicity
there's more where they came from folks don't worry I have to I have to admit this is the
first time I've ever walked around public holding a bob saw
subgeniuses and cats we have to move on they're hard to herd have you seen this man have you seen
him have you seen me asks Bob yes you have seen him now you can find out why and where at the sub
genius
movie yes they dared to break open the insane scandalous cult the Church of the subgenius you
too can well if you're not a Bob fan you can at least get a little fan with a Bob on it it's free
promos you'll never find free promos like this it's South by Southwest our postcards take a month
just to read
this is sort of fun
you just bet never go public like this
look this excuse me sir this guy look at the sign on his back it says he's a genius
kill him kill the kill the genius damn the Church of the subgenius accepts anyone except
genius
free prizes You Won't Be Alone in the church of the subgenius
hey how much did that French tickler cost you I got my French tickler for free from the subgenius
movie production saying you have to say something to the Instagram site on social media oh okay
hello Instagram site on Social media code Hello Instagram site on Social Media code that's my была

media. We're here at South by Southwest in Austin. We're not the only people promoting
our product, but we've got the best product and the loudest promotion and the longest
pamphlets, free pamphlets. The subgenius movie, Inside, You Won't Believe Your Eyes, Freaks
of Nature, unlike anything you've ever seen.
I've got my paws stuck in this trap. They put a trap out here for us.
The port one subgenius has already been trapped in a clever trap set by the conspiracy, but
you can gnaw your way. No, you have to bite your hand off, man. No, you have to gnaw your
hand off, but you can escape the conspiracy snares.
Guys, go ahead. I'll just die here.
Go ahead and gnaw off that.
That leg. Lose that bear trap. Free pamphlets. You'll never see them at this price again.
Oh, shit. I might have really gotten myself in a trap. I'm going to pickle here, boys.
It's an intelligence test, Pease.
I'll fix it.
The polar bears solved that one in five seconds.
Damn, that's a climb, man. Keep moving on the other side of the building.
The other side of the building? That's...
That's two miles from here.
Why didn't you tell us there was going to be all this walking?
Sound like Vrocknar at his first cannabis cup.
What? We have to walk?
What? They don't roll joints for us?
You guys do trades? Come on, man. Trade. Let's trade.
Pease is desperately trying to trade a subgenius pamphlet for a subgenius pamphlet from a guy
who already got a subgenius pamphlet.
That's a good one.
That's a good one.
Reverend Pease is a true doctor. He really is. He's simple.
He's ridiculous.
He's simple, but he's a good subgenius. He is kissed by the slack of Bob. He doesn't
need brain cells.
With tongue or without?
You won't need those brain cells anymore after you've seen the subgenius movie.
They dared to break open the scandalous church of the subgenius cult.
Say, I've heard of that subgenius cult. How do I find out more information?
Well, just take a good long look at this pamphlet, read it closely tonight.
And check out that little website subgenius.com.
That sounds fine. I'll get my whole family in on the fun.
You'll be saved. You'll get eternal salvation.
Subgenius.com.
or triple your money back.
No other mind control cult makes this offer,
this guarantee, this promise.
And if you can't trust Bob, who can you trust?
Will a salesman call and call and call?
Beautiful live salespeople will call.
Excellent.
You too can have intercourse with a beautiful live salesperson.
My goodness, how much money can I give you right now?
Why, how much money?
We don't really need money,
but only $35 will get you in the front door.
I'm sure it helps those less fortunate.
The ground floor of a lucrative new cult.
Well, Bob told us we'd get in on the ground floor,
but he never said it'd be a one-story building.
Praise Bob.
He lies by omission.
Is that not the most beautiful form of truth-telling?
From PR News in Washington, I'm building a floating bridge.
Staff Sergeant Jiren explained floating bridges.
What are the, and then the tractor trailers with supplies on them.
The temporary bridge is only for emergency personnel and PR News.
But Chuck says those details are non-PR News.
The Trump categorically rejects,
and I wish security is tragic.
Iran's state-run news agency reports that at least this is PR News.
In the incident yesterday,
with British Prime Minister Theresa May floating from London,
Britain says EU.
The Trump was drugging and molesting his lawyers in 2004.
The broad judge in the case has PR News in Washington.
Now, friends,
we've got a whole,
a whole bunch of new quotes from J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Uh, I,
well, Philo and I and a lot of other people have combed through the old memos and napkins
and backsides of unpaid bills and so forth,
uh, for Bob's quotes.
But our friend, Reverend Elvis Martini stumbled upon a new stash.
Uh, we're not sure,
if,
uh,
who the me is in these.
Uh,
maybe it's Reverend Martini and he,
he doesn't want to admit it.
But, uh,
get a load of these.
Uh,
there,
there's a million of them and,
uh,
every single one of them is a brand new church of the subgenius doctrine that probably many,
many monks and nun snakes will be studying for decades to come.
Even after the world ends.
The first one,
and, and they're all,
they're all like this.
They all start with,
as Bob once said to me,
as Bob once said to me in a vision during a hangover,
let me profit off of your mistakes.
As Bob once said to me while arm wrestling a xenomorph,
you'll learn more being a vatican,
evacuated from a pleasure saucer than you ever would have by never having been brought on board.
Also how to hold your breath in space.
Of course,
I can't talk like Bob,
but I'm,
I'm doing my best to at least sound clear.
As Bob once said to me in line at the supermarket,
I wish I had less frop and smoked more.
As Bob said to me in the subject line of a chain email,
just because you can reach the keyboard,
it doesn't mean you have to type something.
As Bob once said to me during a job interview,
fake it till you make it.
As Bob once said to me while planking,
I am my own con.
As Bob once said to me while ejaculating on a Jackson Pollock,
never do for free what somebody else is willing to.
As Bob once said to me after taking a paternity test,
I'm what stupid people like to call smart.
Actually, I thought Trump said that.
Oh, he probably stole it from Bob.
As Bob once said to me while pulling the ears off a Gundark,
Han, why do you keep calling me Bob when my name is Luke?
Oh, I get it. That's a Star Wars joke.
Oh, okay.
What? How is that possible?
This is from, like, 1960.
As Bob once said to me while setting his shorts on fire,
a refund for your $35 membership will only cost you $70.
As Bob once said to me while scraping asbestos out of the Statue of Liberty,
don't just eat hell, eat the burger out of it.
As Bob once said to me while performing the world's first wallet transplant,
their vaginas may be pink, but their penises are still green with envy.
As Bob once said to me while taking a course in sensitivity training,
bear bears bear bear barrel...
Oh, god damn, this is hard.
Bear bears bear bear bear ball.
Oh, okay, I gotta do this one more time.
Slowly.
Bear bears bear bear bear balls.
And bear bear balls bore by a bear are anything but a bore.
As Bob once said to me while I was mowing the Interstate Divider,
What?
And then there was one final one that came later, and that is...
Well, I'll have to use the Trump word on this one for the broadcast version.
But, as Bob once told me while throwing up tequila,
if you don't shit your pants in front of her, you'll never know if she's a keeper.
Apparently, I'm not.


Praise Bob. Praise that man Bob. Such wisdom.
And praise Reverend Elvis Martini for providing us with that new batch of secret teachings
that is going to keep a lot of us occupied for a while.
And now this.
Woo!
Alright.
Very good.
Alright, so, and without further ado, we're gonna have Ivan stay,
and Steve Wilcox gonna come up, and they're gonna start the Divide-All.
Woo!
Woo!
You can have anybody who wants one here.
Praise Bob!
Woo!
This way.
We gotta have all of these things, okay?
Who's this Steve Wilcox guy she keeps talking about?
Well, see, here's the thing.
We need to have a debate.
We need to have somebody.
We have to introduce our introducer.
Yeah, oh yeah.
Right.
We can't start talking officially.
Yeah, we can't start a Divide-All until the official introducer is introduced,
and he has to be wearing a suit.
And, uh...
Okay!
Alright, let's pick the show now.
Without further ado.
He can come up.
Onan Canobide, folks.
Praise Bob!
Now, uh, before we...
Before we...
Before we go on, you don't know me or anyone in my ministry, do you?
No, no, I've been hired to take out the trash tonight.
Alright, look, you see, so everything you see from now on is gonna be a miracle.
Of that and that.
What you got to say for yourself?
You laughed at him.
Shuddered at him.
And yet, but for the accident of birth,
you might be even as he is.
He did not ask to be brought into the world,
but into the world he came.
His code is a law unto itself.
Offend him, and you offend us all.
Not beast, not man.
Stay!
This is the House of Pain.
Well, friends, we've had church meetings in a whole lot of very different
and sometimes even surprising places.
Like great big real churches, or auto junkyards,
or impromptu ones in prison yards.


But this is one of the more unusual environments
in which we can have a deep Bible.
And I'm so happy to do it in Austin,
with food and drinks,
and so many professionals.
That's what's really different here.
We normally just don't have that many people
who are actually good at something practical.
So praise Bob, and thank you all for coming very much.
We could not be happier with that movie.
Especially me, because I used to be a film and video editor.
I've actually done a whole bunch of feature length documentaries.
I know exactly how hard it is.
That poor cutting room floor.
Think of that thing.
It's abused horribly on projects like this.
So, but in the end,
you take all these Sal's purses
and turn them into pearl ears.
Or something like that.
You know, you have to cut,
you take 100,000 hours of home movies
and tedious talking heads,
and carve away everything that doesn't look like
a Church of the Sept Genius movie.
And the hour that you have left goes by really fast.
And fabulous.
And for me personally,
now some people I know,
they think some of this is funny.
But I got all teared up
in two or three places there.
Because the music would be so sweet,
and there'd be all my old friends
looking like little tiny babies.
Actually, a lot of cases,
it's good looking young actors
playing the early Sept Geniuses.
Because frankly, as far as I can remember,
we've always looked like this.
And never looked like that.
So, it's a fabulous job of CGI trickery
or look-a-likes or plastic surgery or something.
And I love the way they put it all into context.
But, as important as that movie might be,
to we the subgeniuses,
and you, the potential subgeniuses
who just ran into this thing,
it's a...
As important as that is,
there's one thing that's even more important.
And that's that man Bob.
I walked into this place,
and I heard people talking,
oh, movie stars, big money.
I didn't hear Bob's name mentioned once!
Well, actually, there were a whole bunch of people
talking about Bob, but it wasn't that Bob.
So, friends, those of you who are unsubscribed,
I'm not gonna say if it's yet.
Now, we're not going to preach to you,
well, not for long,
but if you...
It won't hurt you to look at that little free pamphlet
or that subgenius.com thing on that internet,
TV stuff and whatever.
Oh, and Philo runs a channel of subgenius video on Roku.
So, oh, and then there's those radio shows, right?
Three of three radio shows have been going on for 30 years,
and they're still alive!
So, we'd sure like to kill them.
So, we need your help.
To kill the radio shows, kill the radio shows!
And Bob!
Damn it, how can you...
Look what he's done to us!
We have to stand here praising him like brain-damaged kooks!
Again!
Where's the slack?
Yeah, where's the slack?
Oh, yeah, that's right, we get to go to these free parties.
Okay.
Okay, forget it.
For I love you, Bob!
I love you, Bob!
We know we couldn't kill you anyway, Bob.
You can't kill a face.
You can't, you can't kill a face.
And it is...
Dr. Philo Drummond, why don't you come on up here?
No, wait, wait, the introducer...
Well, you have to come up and introduce the introducer.
And then he, and then you can come up.
Okay?
After he introduces you, then you can...
Friends, we have a man, a man over here,
who's been known to introduce people.
He's one of the finest introducers this country has ever seen.
And pretty soon he's gonna come up here in front of you and introduce a fella.
I think I'm gonna bring him up right now.
We have Onan Kanopai.
Let's hear it for Onan!
The world's greatest introducer!
Onan! Onan! Onan! Onan!
When the odd knob fobs the job on a cop
to cop the frop on a slob
whose job it is to spot and drop,
J.R. Bob Dobbs, that is slack.
When the closest hostess proposes a toast
to roast the old gabrog
whose boast as a ghost
is that he's slow to take a joke,
why, that is slack.
And when the bootblack who lacks tack
attacks and smacks back the galactic attack
with a laugh,
that is slack.
That is slack.
And this is Dr. Philo Drummond.
Chris Brown!
Thank you, Onan.
That was a great, great introduction there.
I don't think I could even duplicate it at all.
I'm not even gonna try.
I think I'm just gonna stand here and waste some time.
You know, have you ever been to church
and you sat there in the pew
and you was just waiting for that guy up there
talking at you to quit talking?
You just kept going on and on and on
and finally figured out a way to
get your arm underneath your head.
You put that arm on the pew
and the fella up there just talking away
and pretty soon he just kinda drones you into
semi-unconsciousness.
And then pretty soon they start passing around
that collection plate.
And pretty soon you wake up and kick that collection plate.
All over the church.
Waiting, waiting for that money to come back to you.
A million different ways.
And it always does. It really does.
At least it has in my experience.
But as far as I know,
this is the last time that we've all been together.
Maybe it's the first time.
But irrespective of that,
I just can't get over how good our introducer was.
I want to have another round of applause for our introducer,
Ronan Garabay.
Let's hear it.
Let's hear it for Ronan.
He said all that stuff off the top of his head.
Right off the top of it.
Isn't that right?
It's true.
Okay, now we have a, we usually have a,
we didn't do our moment, our special moment.
You know, like we do.
Reverend Stank?
Yeah, that was actually,
what the original introducer was supposed to do.
Yeah.
Was to call for everyone to,
and we don't want to embarrass anyone,
but if you could just quietly lower your heads
and join us in a moment of sacred noise.
Praise Bob! Praise God! Praise God! Praise Bob! Praise God!
He's so high you can't get over him.
He's so low you can't crawl under him.
He's Bob!
That's somebody else's line.
Yeah.
But anyway, it works. It still works.
Yeah, it still works.
Actually, you can take a sentence from almost any religious text
or preaching or song
and just replace certain words with Bob
and there you go.
Suddenly you've got real art.
Just stick up, graphically,
all any bad art needs to become real good art
is to have a pipe placed on it
in exactly the right place.
That's right.
That's called, this is a science
created by Dr. Philodrumon called Perfect Pipe Placement.
And you may notice that all around town
this week there's these little stickers
that are just a pipe.
And when added in the perfect place
to anything, suddenly it's converted into
some kind of weird art.
Oh, look, yeah, there's one.
It's transparent.
It's a perfect device to make anything into art.
This simple little device creates art with a user.
A simple user, a simple device placed on a simple advertising
by a simple mind.
And now you have great art using the three Ps.
Perfect Pipe Placement.
I put mine on my mirror
so that when I look in the mirror just right, there it is.
You can take it like this?
Yeah, it works in a myriad of ways.
Some people have been known to actually,
if I can get it apart, it's really difficult.
This is the hardest part of Perfect Pipe Placement.
Getting the backing off the pipe.
Getting the backing off of the sticker.
Of course you can use a stencil or blood of sacrificial victims
or just about any fluid you can think of.
There you go.
See?
One minute a regular guy, the next minute fine art.
Yeah.
So thank you for allowing us to school you
in the three Ps of Perfect Pipe Placement.
This is the first time this has ever been announced in Austin, I think.
Yeah, definitely.
We possibly should have gone preaching about the fact that
on July 5th at 7 a.m. the world is going to end
and unless you are right with Bob by virtue of
a mere $35 membership and ordainment kit,
you also get to be a universal life minister for free for that.
Yeah, that means you can marry people to each other.
I...
We could...
Legally.
We could marry everybody here to whatever they want to get married to.
Because that's the one thing Bob's not picky about.
Who wants to be married to that man?
He's not picky about who you want to marry or what you want to marry.
You can marry your dog.
You can marry your wallet, your car keys, so that you're bound eternally.
I don't know if you can marry your dog, actually.
I think they have some room for that.
No, no.
No, it's okay for us.
It's a non-practicing marriage, perhaps.
Well, and they can be short-durational.
They can be timed to last a day or a week or whatever.
There's a little certificate that you can fill out that comes with the membership pack
that allows...
Yeah.
You can really do...
20-minute marriages are real popular.
If those countless weddings that I've conducted weren't valid, then a lot of money's been wasted
on divorces, my friends.
That's where the real money is.
That's right.
It should have been the law office at the sub-genius.
Good!
We could have had the biggest law office in Dallas.
Why did it take us so long to think of that?
Because we didn't have law degrees.
We didn't have the perspective of seeing that as a law degree.

We didn't have the perspective of seeing that movie.
That's true.
It was like a time machine compressing...
If only we'd seen it then...
Yeah.
If only we'd seen it then, we'd have known never to start this thing.
And we'd be successful lawyers now.
Yeah.
It wouldn't be...
Wait a minute.
But that would be like the Three Stooges being lawyers.
Yeah.
Do we cheat them out?
We were frankly both very inspired by the Three Stooges, the Law Office, and the
Warner Brothers cartoons.
The violent ones.
Yeah.
The Max Fleischer cartoons.
Stupid comic books and also the underground comic books.
And...
The real dirty ones.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And Bob.
Because that's all you...
Really, all that other stuff is just fluff.
You don't need any...
You don't need that.
All you need is that face.
Look at those dots.
Those dots are designed in a specific way in a category.

It's not your mind.
It's a...
If you look at it, you can't help it.
You don't need faith.
That's stupid.
All you need is face.
But it has to be that face.
Face.
Only that face.
That face of Bob and no other face.
That face right there.
And those dots aren't there.
That ain't that Bob head face.
The sacred Dobbs head.
That's all you need.
Look.
Think how many kids are in here tattooed on their bodies.
Right on their bodies.
They're saved forever.
They'll be beamed up.
They don't even have to carry a membership card.
They don't have faith, but they've got faith.




That's the important thing.
It doesn't even have to be on their face.
It can be on the sole of their foot.
That's where I'd have them.
I don't know why we saw that they had the tattoo on his back, an entire back covered
with a Dobbs head.
A mural.
And he was a really big guy.
Big guy.
That was probably a barrel of ink they had.
Dr. Drummond, did you know that that guy came to really hate the Church of the
Sub-Jeges?
That's really sad.
He decided we were a bunch of fascists because we wouldn't let him threaten other
people, fit in the way that he wanted to fit in the way that he wanted to fit in the way

that he wanted to fit in the way that he wanted to fit in.
And so he was playing physically over the phone or something like that.
How unreasonable of us.
Yeah.
So now he's stuck with this mural on his back.
Friends, don't be like him.
Wait, what did he do wrong?
I don't know.
A giant tattoo of a Dobbs head.
No.
You can have that.
That part's okay.
But don't get tired of it.
That's the bad part.
All right.
Well, friends, we don't want to be that guy that puts you to sleep.
The Mr. Science Podcast is brought to you by the Dr. Drummond Foundation.

lecture series. Volume 1, number 1. The Mutron. Delivered by the Reverend Seth Deitch, First
Church of Mr. Science, Boston. Outside the realm of conspiracy science and in the clear
light of the so-called forbidden sciences, we will find we have a far greater chance
of understanding the true nature of the universe. We are told about matter and energy and space
and time as being either consistent realities governed by laws or as foggy abstracts that
have no particular being outside of that of being convenient linguistic aids to make the
whole thing easier to swallow. We at the Temporal Management Research Facility of the Church
of Mr. Science of the Subgenius have through rigorous probing through mountains of existing
and full known works on the subject of time and its methods of control have discovered
the key for blowing the whistle on the whole fraudulent twaddle that is modern science.
This key is the Mutron. The truth must now be told. How it was covered up for so long
would make a story intriguing enough for a separate book, but it's too involved to be
told here. The actual issue at hand is the Mutron and its pivotal role in the management
of the true cosmos.
In order to properly understand the true nature of the universe, we must first understand
the following. It must first be made clear what actually constitutes an elementary particle.
The first of these basic particles is the electron, which has no mass but possesses
a charge that is commonly described as possibly infinite, thus making it the fundamental unit
of energy. It and other related particles, i.e. positrons, photons, gravitons, etc.,
acting in concert make up the jacotismic field, which is responsible for holding everything
that is anything together.
The second is the much rarer infinite mass particle, commonly called a black hole.
These particles, like the electrons, occupy no space but the influence of a single particle
can be felt at a much greater distance. They often have event horizons many miles wide,
beyond which not even light can escape.
The third fundamental particle is the Mutron. The Mutron carries with it an infinite temporal
capacity. That often means all alltable Force in the body. It's always capable of creating

alter the rate and intensity and general quality of the passage through time of anything it touches.
The neutron is very likely the rarest particle in this universe. As far as we know, there might well
be only one of them, though there could be as many as a few dozen without generating a dangerous
concentration of neutron phenomena. Section A. Just how fucking big everything really is.
What we know is the universe can be envisioned as a giant atom with the black hole acting as
the nucleus and the neutron or mutrons acting as the electron cloud with the electrons providing
the energy for the neutron to drive us forward through time. Just about everything else in the
universe is just so much debris cluttering up the works of things. The fact that there is one such
atom more than suggests the existence of others. The neutron has a corresponding antiparticle,
known as the tachyon, which travels through time in a direction which we perceive as backwards,
so that to someone who is not in the know it will appear to exceed the speed of light. The simple
fact of the matter is that tachyons are extra-universal mutrons impinging on our
universe at a different temporal angle. These are the mutrons of atom universes that ours is
in compound with. After this the atomic metaphor breaks down.
No atom of mere matter divides itself into alternate cells almost constantly,
but our universe does. All the time the universe splits in order to express every alternative open
to any phenomenon transpiring within, no matter how small or seemingly insignificant. This is the
only way our minds can express the perception of the fifth dimension, or more properly the
second dimension of time. So this introduces the concept of time viewed as a plane rather
than a line. But there is another dimension of space, so is the case with time there is also a
corresponding up-down time. This is the direction in which our mental eyes exist. In this direction
we find alternate time tracks similar to the sidewise ones, with the difference being that
theirs is order-oriented in the direction opposed to temporal gravity, so that elements of those
other cells are constantly falling into our awareness from above.
The
neutron
Irurski V.
Or disconnected from the eyebrows of our brain.
In this Crimson treasure, liked for its
The earliest known mutron impact on Earth occurred in the era of the dawn of life.
The primordial sea teemed with the most primitive of bacteria.
Their genetic material was a simple molecule shaped like a lumpy ladder.
It was very chemically stable.
The mutron passed through Earth and spewed out a wake that left each and every molecule of DNA twisted beyond recognition.
In this state, its stability was ruined, and any force or random glitch that Mother Nature had to offer changed it somehow.
Thus, evolution had begun.
The vast majority of these events, however, affect individual beings or objects.
One such example is Great Britain's Stonehenge Monument, which was not man-made as is popularly presumed,
but is merely the material evidence of a rather minor mutron splash.
Certain great sages of the past and present have actually had mutrons pass directly through their crania.
A partial listing of these select people.
. . .


It's your first time seeing this.
They can start for long parts of man's life
The part we don't want to see is when a largešeial Nobody Deluge
likes someBLEEP entity macht developed or the spontaneous
creature is driven by the
thing we see is our life.
But if they treat a mutron technology
with actionskt
. . .
rub because united
In the light of this particular view, one might ask, what about the Big Bang and all that stuff?
Well, it seems that matter does not play a very big role in the actual nuts and bolts operation of the universe.
In fact, we find that it is the case in about half the universe's sample that there is no matter at all.
Section B. What we must do about all this.
It is well known that the electron can be pressed into service for all kinds of uses.
It might be less well known that alien civilizations of a level only slightly more advanced than ours routinely use the enormous power made available by tapping into the gravity fluxes of quantum black holes.
It's also possible to use the time potentials of the neutron to our own great advantage.
The neutron is not subject to the same methods of coercion that we use to bend normal subatomic particles to our will.
They're oblivious to matter and energy alike.
The power of pure thought, because of its intimate relationship with matter,
and the power of time, does have some small effect.
Mutrons are attracted to areas of concentrated slackful enlightenment.
A neutron container accelerator could be charged with a neutron if enough slackful minds concentrated their energies around a scoop entrance to the neutron accelerator.
Once contained therein, it would take relatively little effort on the part of these minds to maintain it in a circular path.
One purely technical problem facing this proposal is the size of the accelerator needed.
It is a property of the neutron that it will only travel in the most gentle of curves.
The minimum diameter of a circle to be traveled by a neutron is approximately 1,000 miles.
Fortunately, we have easy access to an extraterrestrial body more than three times that size, Earth's moon.
The accelerator could be built in a ring completely circumnavigating the lunar sphere about 100 feet below its surface.
Because of the mental effort that would run it, it would be known as the psychotron.
The psychotron would be a valuable tool in the use of practical time control.
By accelerating the neutron in one direction or another, the entire moon could be induced to follow it in whatever temporal direction it might be directed.
Forward, backward, sideways, or up-down.
Having this ability opens amazing possibilities.
It is my proposal that this device be constructed for use in a major project to concentrate high slack wisdom in this universe.
The single most radiant personality among modern minds.
The most radiant man is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
There are other alternate Bobs existing in other alternate time tracks.
Not all of them are as prominent as our Bob, but still are privy to the same great gnosis.
Others are already the rulers of their respective Earths.
All, though, are truly Bob.
Imagine if we could travel to those alternative time streams and convince all of those Bobs to return to our world.
This is exactly what I am suggesting.
The formation of the Congress of Bobs.
Yes, my friends, this is our mission.
Those who wish to donate to the Psychotron Project will be given a free ride to the alternate world of their choice once the project is complete.
Thank you.
Thank you, Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger, also known as the artist Seth Deitch of the famous cartooning Deitch family.
An old, old friend.
What a classic.
Mixed by other old, old friend, Reverend Bleepo Abernathy, all in Boston in the early 1980s.
Forbidden science for the ages, especially the old ages.
And here's more old people who might as well be younger than lots of dour young people, because they're subgenius masters and masteresses.
If you eat, breathe, or excrete,
you're sure to be interested in this amazing breakthrough multimedia project.
They have brisket nachos.
Oh, God.
You can die every night eating brisket nachos in the Church of the Subgenius.
Eternal salvation or triple your money back.
And free anal fissure tissues.
Buckets of free anal fissure tissues.
Well, to the first...
A squat drop bucket filled with anal fissure tissues can be yours.
Join our cult.
Only $10.
If you've ever urinated, you're sure to be interested in the Church of the Subgenius.
If you like to pee, join us.
Do you like to pee?
Ask yourself that.
If so, Bob is ready to welcome you into his open arms and other things.
We pee.
Interested?
Do you dare to see the thing?
Only five miles.
Uh-oh, here come these guys again.
Dare to see the thing.
Next exit.
Oh, we're almost out of fans and pamphlets.
That's good.
You know, we could get rid of these a lot sooner if we just gave them to each other.
Boy, I saw you trying to trade one for a guy who already had one.
Have you heard about the good word?
I did.
Okay, five minute break.
I didn't hear about this though.
Take a knee, boys.
Have you heard the good news, brother?
We haven't.
Tell us some.
It's your last chance to get in on the ground floor of a lucrative new mind control cult.
You never need it.
You needed those brain cells to begin with.
Free yourself.
Okay, are we off?
Oh, thank God.
Okay, friends, everything is at subgenius.com.
We'll end this with this you had to have been there moment at the end of our Austin mini
revival at Sandy's Subgenius Movie promo party.
Part of the gag is in the fumbling, but that was a visual gag, so you'll just have to enjoy

and envision it.
Does anybody else want to come up here and rant?
That's something I usually offer.
You've got, if you come up here and rant, and we don't like it, we're going to throw
you off stage.
But—
That's right.
If you want to come up here and rant, we'll give you a couple seconds.
A couple of seconds, yeah.
There's a big hook over there.
The line foreman behind that guy, he's first in line.
I think actually this is exactly what Sandy was most afraid would happen.
But I'll be honest.





actually think about it. In some ways she's really lucky that Pope's
Durno Docs have to stay home. He would take over
now. Yeah. He would take over and get everybody into a lot
of trouble. Look at that. It's Reverend Pease. He's
going to come up. He's a new kid. You guys doing a show? Yeah.
We're doing a show. I've got a fake mustache. You can play me old man. Don't tell
nobody. I'm going to put it on so they can't tell. Okay. Alright.
Alright. He's a handsome boy. I don't think we have any takers.
Do you guys have any of this candy? This shit
sucks. Hey, nobody can hear you. Look at that. He's already acting like an
amateur. Nobody can hear you. Get up here.
Oh God. He wanted more of that candy. Okay, we have a volunteer
from the audience who's going to come up and rant for you now. That's chapstick, not
candy, Reverend Pease. He ate too much, he said.
Now you've got to be good or we're going to kick you.
That's right. Now you know it's not fair. I did the whole bit down there
and he said nobody can hear me and then you killed the punchline by telling everybody that I thought
the chapstick was candy. This is the problem with you. Move aside.
You should have gotten up here quicker. Do these not work? I've got to hold this thing
like Sharon? It works better. This is a tough church. It really is.
It looks easy, but it's tough. I'd like to thank Sandy for my personal
shake way. We're going to stand here.
We're ready to pull him off.
I'm a little disappointed in each and every one of you. I'm looking at you, Jason.
You should have gone first, you bastard. So they left it to me and I'm the new guy. Nobody
even knows who I am.
You don't even know who I am.
Nobody cares.
If someone can help me, I am not here on my own free volition. This man has captured
me while selling Good Magazine.
They've heard that before.
It's all so much fun here in the church, isn't it, folks? Everybody's fine. There's nothing
to be afraid of.
There's nothing to worry about.
That's fair.
I'm there.
That's fair.
Okay. Stop it. Stop it.
Anyway, so I came to the church because on the advice of my priest. He was pretty tired
of my shit and thought that it would be best if I went to a church that was more accessible,
as he put it. And so I did, and it took about 13 years.
I'm trying to help you out, man.
You're a player.
One second, please.
This is exactly what Sandy was afraid would happen.
What?
You got to stop talking to my friend.
Tell your joke and hurry up.
So there's this guy and he does funny stuff. You should see him all the time. He's busting
me up.
And so this one time.
And he's got a big, big ass.

You did this thing, right?
As this total weird, crazy, not funny, but, but funny thing,
and I laughed you should just seeing it.
It was pretty good.
I enjoyed it.
And perhaps.
Thankfully that is where the recording stopped for reasons unknown, but I, I know the agony
didn't go on for much longer.
Uh, maybe my little Olympus digital recorder is turning to fucking bin abroad.










like my hearing aids and my brain pan simply gave out from the challenges exacted by being in the
midst of the vocal sounds of a dozen subgenius doctors for a whole week. As glorious as it was,
I'm glad to be back with my mute dogs in the vast quiet of the Stang Ranch cedar forest,
to which I have developed an allergy. But at least it's quiet, even for a deaf person.
Praise Bob. This movie won't make us rich, but we hope it might increase membership ordainment
sales for a couple of months when it goes on Netflix or whatever. And if you already bought
the immense membership package, don't you need a t-shirt or special decoder ring or
book of the subgenius? It's all at subgenius.com. And thank you, Sandy Boone, for making that movie
called J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius. That's the final title. Praise Bob.
