This is the remarkable roughed grouse. The bird wraps its bill briskly against the metal vent pipe.
The resulting percussion is a vivid example of a well-known example made by swallowing and then releasing it on your roof.
Birds communicate with a fascinating subgenius.
Power of Swatch.
Ground attacks to retake the Lama Gouda.
Leaving with only the PR news they could carry on their backs.
PR reports about 5,000 people have wolves.
Authorities say this is PR.
The National Transportation Safety Board failed to inflate.
Because of that, there's been inbreeding and disease in the PR news population.
Authorities say about 25,000 people have cars.
Four people have the probe.
A hundred.
150,000 marchers are making PR news.
Music.
Bob.
From the Sidium Team.
Her first assistant too.
présent parade
Eros Reading
Marital
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Yes, dear friends.
Welcome to Hour of Slack number 1669.
And I'm going to be talking about


it's not a rerun this time, obviously.
We started off with some, you might say, new stuff
from Fernand and Andy Leamer.
I came into a huge stash of his old stuff
and a bunch of new stuff that I'd never heard,
including PR news.
And the music there was the Rudy Schwartz project
from the album Salmon Dave.
The first tune was called
Chick Corea's First Ouija Board.
And the second one was called
Condoms Number Two.
And now for a little while,
let us hear some old-fashioned
Media Barrage-style editing,
only it's not old.
It's new, using old stuff.
From Cool Hand Chris,
who's been sending some really great stuff.
It's going to last us many shows.
Yes.
An old-school subgenius Media Barrage
by Cool Hand Chris.
Here I go again, y'all.
That is showtime
And it is your time
And the show must go on, baby
Come with me and you will see
We are stepping high
What is the name of our show?
Stepping high, stepping high, high, high
Now boys and girls
Let's see if we can dance
To the rhythm of stepping high
If you are ready
Let's go and dance
Let's do that time step and dance
He doesn't build things.
He doesn't work regular hours
like a decent God-fearing citizen.
And the life he leads in many ways
seems useless and irrelevant.
Sin.
Three corpses, two still fresh, one rotten.
The pathetic remains of a cannibal right.
You are the highest, most intelligent electrical machine
in the universe.
Inevitability of gradualness.
As the computer god sees fit.
I don't know who you are,
where you're from,
or what you want.
But if you threaten my freedom,
I'll kill you.
I know what I have witnessed.
Now it is your turn.
Prepare yourself for a journey into a world
where each new step may give you a better understanding
of your own reality.
Job security flickers on the edge of a whisper.
And if the numbers don't need you, you're gone, baby.
Replaced by someone younger,
hungrier,
cheaper.
Jobs, jobs are a thing of the past.
There's no more industry.
Only information.
Industry's been shipped out on a search for fresh exploitables
who demand little or nothing compared to you.
And you know you should be doing something to adjust to the coming changes.
So you tell yourself,
if you only had more time,
you'd develop whatever it is you always wanted to do,
but lack the guts to initiate.
Doped up on drugs,
believing themselves invulnerable,
they marched into a massacre.
God loves you, okay?
You know there'll come a time when the world will stop giving you things to do.
Just party, man.
Party.
Hey, man.
I know there's some cold ones down here in the bottom.
There's some cold ones laying around.
Get out here.
In the bottom.
How about that raspberry you promised me?
Huh?
Raspberry?
Raspberry.
Raspberry.
Get those men to retreat!
Get them out of that bunker and murder!
Yes, sir!
Men!
R-Ras-Berry!
I mean, I mean, retreat!
I'll bow for her!
Dude, dude!
I've been raised on television to believe that
one day we'd all be millionaires and movie gods and rock stars.
But we won't.
We're slowly learning that fact.
And we're very, very pissed off.
My question is that my boyfriend is pretty well-endowed.
Yes.
And he loves oral sex.
My problem is I can't seem to go down deep enough for him.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes!
If we are passive, we are enabling the controllers.
And therefore, we must rise up, not in violence, but in peace, but with one voice, without fear,
and we will say, enough of the secrecy, enough of oil, enough of economic slavery, enough
of the wars.
It is time for a new civilization, and we will see that it will be born in our lifetime
in the coming months.
Months and years.
What the hell was that?
It's the phone.
You turned it back on now.
You told me you got mad when I turned it off.
How did you...
Are you...
So you're giving the number of the phone here out to people?
Sure.
How are we...
You can't be doing that, dude.
How are my friends going to call me?
What?
You gave him your home number, not your number.
This is my home number.
I don't...
I have my cell phone, and that's too expensive for people to call me on that.
I'd rather have them call me here.
I don't know.






I didn't tell you!
You can talk into your cell phone.
You can't make me.
I'm coming to answer the telephone now.
You can't make me answer the phone.
Get him a toy.
This will be a good toy.
And it is soft and flexible.
It's got an opening in the bottom there.
So if he's big, it'll still fit.
Okay.
All right?
Okay, I appreciate it.
So we solved your gag problem and your problem pleasuring him.
Forever looking up and falling backwards,
climbing and getting nowhere,
while they, the haves, cavort.
Energy is recognized as the key to all activity on Earth.
Natural science is the study of the sources of control
of the universe.
Natural energy and social science, theoretically expressed as economics,
is the study of the sources and control of social energy.
All science is merely a means to an end.
The means is knowledge.
The end is control.
Beyond this remains only one issue.
Who will be the beneficiary?
In 1954, this was the issue of primary concern.
Although the so-called moral issue,
was raised in view of the law of natural selection,
it was agreed that a nation or world of people who will not use their intelligence
are no better than animals who do not have intelligence.
And that was a bunch of editing, wasn't it?
By Cool Hand Chris.
And what's coming up is some show from X-Day.
We might call it Thorazine Urine Pod Crust.
The host is Reverend Anna Moll.
This was all recorded about six hours before the world was supposed to end.
Last July 4th, just before midnight, and then after midnight on July 5th.
The first chunk up here has Reverend Fanboy as Anna Moll's guest, talking about the importance
of the Great Leader.
I honestly wish I could meet the Great Leader.
He wrote this great book.
He named bread.
He renamed everything.
He was such an inspiration of a dictator.
He was so kind.
You know, all the people that lived there, they didn't have to worry about utilities.
It was all covered from the Great Leader.
He was like, I'll tell you when you can eat or if you have electricity or not.
It'll be cool.
You don't have to worry about a thing, except for when I don't feel like giving it to you.
It'll be great.
If you have a disease, if you are ill and you do not feel well and the doctors can't
cure you in your hometown, come into capital city and we'll take care of you.
There'll be one solution for all your ails.
It's a firing squad out back.
It fixes everything.
No more ailments.
It'll be a benevolent and swift end for your problems.
The Great Leader.
I know because he told me so.
Yes.
He did.
He definitely has our best interests in mind.
The days of the week.
The name of bread.
That's what the secret police told me and I believe it.
Guryemnyshov.
That is the name of his grandmother.
He named bread and I think it's Monday after his grandma.
Say, can you give me a slice of grandma?
Monday, Monday.
Give me a slice of grandma.
It's grandma.
Can I have a slice of grandma on grandma day?
And speaking of dictators, grandma is the name of the party newspaper in Cuba.
So that ties in to your other dictators.
Are we allowed to Cuba right now?
Are we allowed what?
Are we allowed to visit Cuba now?
Are you putting Cuba in your pleasure saucer?
I honestly am thinking about making a Cuba extension because I would like to visit there.
Yeah.
No.
They're revolutionary people.
No crap.
They're classic cars.
Yeah.
They're huge piles of scrum.
It'll be like when I was living in France.

I was living in France in the early 90s.
Then they talked about Prague.
Everybody said, you got to go to Prague because now you can go there.
Also the scrum capital of the world.
And it'll be ruined soon.
It'll be strip malls and it'll be Walmart or the equivalent, the Russian equivalent.
There's so many places that aren't filled with scrum right now in Prague.
Yeah.
No, scrumless.
Please send all your scrum to Prague if you have extra.
And your money to the scrumless children's fund.
Well, you send them to the Thoroughly Neuron podcast players and we'll make sure that Prague
and other places in need of scrum will get their money.

And we'll make sure that they get their portion dispensed.
I like strawberry scrum.
Really?
I like scrum flakes, crispy scrums, scrum swirls, scrum tarts.
But there'll be no scrum in six hours, 17 minutes, 15 seconds.
No, there's going to be on my freaking saucer.
You better believe there's going to be scrum.
Are you collecting it all?
Not all of it.
I'm going to share like a tiny percentage of 1%.
Just so you can watch everybody else.
You want to watch everybody else fight over it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's my pleasure saucer with the viewing portal.
Cool.
Do you think that their heads exploded because they weren't addicted to scrum?
That's hard to answer.
It's literally hard to answer.
I'm working it over in my head.
Scrum brought to you by Wobblehouse.com.
Oh, so is the audience elimination project finished?
Is it completed?
Honestly, I would like to.
I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Shout out to our early listeners that ran away quickly.
Oh dear.
Have we got a tote yet?
Somebody got to tap us out because we only got six hours and 16 minutes to prepare.
I'm going home.
I think you have some preliminary designs that still etch out.
Is that not right?
So if anybody would like to come up and see my etchings because I'm etching them out right
now.
I thought I would get off this planet before hearing that.
Take care.
Thank you so much for making sure I was wrong.
I can't wait to leave.
It's coming soon.
That's why I paid another $35 today just to make sure.
Keep paying folks.
That's the only way to make it happen.
Every time I see an opportunity.
Your love offering.
I'll pay for another ordainment kit because I never know when it's going to expire.
I need the freshest ordainment possible.
The shelf life, it's questionable.
It doesn't, you know, it says 1998.
But that might not be correct.
It doesn't say it's going to be good anymore.
So it might.
No.
Yeah.
And I don't know what the shelf life is.
I heard a rumor about May.
You got to do it every freaking time you get.
So, you know, twice a year, a couple of times a day.
Depends on where you live.
Okay.
Hotter climates, it doesn't keep as long.
So if you're in Texas, you have to buy in about once every two, three months.
Once a season.
I'm going to make going away noises now.
It's been such a pleasure.
You go into town.
You travel into town.
You go to the store.




You get your dry goods packed up.
You make sure you grab an ordainment while you're in there because you don't know when
it's not going to, you know, when you need one handy.
So, you know, credit cards, cash.
Keep it in the root cellar next to the pickled beets.
And the scrum.
Be prepared with your scrum.
It's the Boy Scout's solemn creed.
The opposite of leaving noises from Reverend Fanboy.
Yeah.
So I'm sorry.
I gotta go home.
What are you keeping in your own root cellar, Reverend Fanboy?
I gotta go.
Why?
Only the finest quality pinks.
Just the soles.
They're easier to store that.
Speaking of the voices of the dead.
Did you hear?
I went into the woods earlier and I was given a box.
This device.
And when I got back home and I opened up the box and this device started playing the sound.
It started making these noises.
And it was the voices of the dead.
Oh, thank God.
You're free. That's your outro.
It's been wonderful.
Although we'll need another willing victim
or possibly an unwilling friend.
An unlikely fellow
here in the final hours
in our last 100th episode
spectacular 20th X Day
Thorazine Urine Podcrust.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm stockpiling nerve agents.
Not nerve agents.
Russian voters says Russia
has been stockpiling Russians.
Britain's Foreign Secretary
Boris Johnson, backed by Russia,
has been carrying out an offensive
turkey news in the city center.
City center.
Johnson visited his troops by a tank
and destroyed buildings.
Turkish fighters now say they've taken control.
On Twitter today,
President Trump says
200 people have some PR.
Trump tweets the PR reports were
probably made at a later date
to further their agendas.
PR News.
The second fashion reports
only 3.6463.
Officials in Florida say they believe all PR News.
PR News.
Ta-ta.
My pappy said,
Son, you're gonna drive me to Lincoln.
The American Dream
The American Dream
The American Dream

The American Dream
The American Dream
Please suck me.
Here in a world without suck.
Birds sing okay.
I don't care what they say.
I'm not a tune.
In a world without suck.
Please.
Please.
Birds.
Please.
Please.
Please.

Please.
Please.
Please.





Please. Stephen Cooke.




And let's jump back in to X Day with some more Reverend Anna Maul and her new guest.
Thanks for joining us.
Could we ask you to just glance at this interesting exhibitẹ
It was once a realization that the Catholic Church support







It's an interactive event.
It's셨어요oolan Lucas and all other guests working together.
This does not conclude another broadcast day of the Thor's Inurium Podcast.
Oh, dear visitor from yon, come hither and tell us your name.
Here on the Thor's Inurium Podcast, we accept all guest stars.
Hello, my name is Reverend Redacted.
Into the microphone.
My name is Reverend Redacted.
I'm sorry, I couldn't understand what the name was.
It was Redacted.
I mumble, and yes, it is Redacted.
You basically talk into this forward-like and don't actually look at anybody because it makes them nervous.
This is my first time on a podcast.
If you look into their eyes, they can see your thoughts.
I'll just stare at the ceiling like I'm doing right now.
You're doing great, you're doing great, you know.
But speak up a bit because the cursed left-behinds of humanity...
won't be able to hear you in six hours and eleven minutes.
Fine, fine day.
Well, that's probably all right.
I don't have much important to say anyway, but I figured I'd at least...
That's awesome.
You know, one of my favorite things...
Repetitiveness makes it funny.
One of my favorite things is asking the newcomers, the visitors here on the Thor's Inurium Podcast,
our fresh players,
if you could have any kind of chemtrail, what kind would it be?
Definitely a gluten chemtrail, one that's made out of pure gluten.
Oh, gluten chemtrail.
Yes.
That is a delight.
A delight.
Such an exotic chemtrail.
A delight for some, but a terror for others.
Only if they believe that they can't have them.
Truly.
And there's a few people who actually believe that.
Once again, the 2005 wheat crop drought problem
is no longer an issue.
You are not allergic to gluten.
Bread was just $3 a loaf, and you didn't want to look like you couldn't afford it.
Just saying.
Just saying.
People got no bread these days.
No bread. No bread in the pockets.
No bread on the table. No bread in the box.
Ah.
But when you opened up your cursed gift from the weird man in the woods, what did you find?
I gotta say, I found it.
I found a, what I can only describe as an indistinct piece of flesh and some tattered cloth.
I really, I'm not sure what to make of all that.
Was it, was it like still pliable flesh?
Was it like many layers of dermis, or was it just the...
I want to say it's mostly cartilage.
Mostly cartilage flesh.
So no tattoos, recognizable birthmarks?
No, no, no. Nothing recognizable.
Okay, good. I didn't want to leave any evidence behind.
It could be some animal.
Oh, sorry. Go ahead.
It could be an animal.
It could be an animal.
Sorry, I'm...
It's probably not a human that was here and didn't pay me my money.
I keep looking. I'm gonna stop looking.
You should definitely not look at me if you owe me money.
Anyway, what else was in the box? A piece of cloth, you say?
Yes. Yep.
Okay, it didn't happen to be a tattered piece of plaid red and black flannel, did it?
Uh, actually, no. It was a piece of just white cotton cloth.
And it had the word Stacy written on it.
Oh, shit.
I mean, yeah, that's impressive.
I just found this box. I don't think it was meant for me, necessarily, but...
A piece of flesh would have a name tag next to it that didn't say Doug.
What are you gonna do?
Nothing. I don't know anything about it. Please stop incriminating me.
I didn't do it this time, possibly.
You're part of it now.
I always was. It's a gift.
Or a curse. Wait, it's a curse. It's a curse.
I hope there are no actual Stacys out here.
Sorry, Stacy. Like, totally... Oh, too late for that. Shit.
It's too late for sorry now because we only have six hours and eight minutes left.
Stacy, you're already dead.
Do we have any Reverend Stacy anything? Reverend Stacy piece of flesh?
Reverend Stacy piece of flesh with a tiny piece of cloth out here tonight?
Going once.
Going once? Going twice?
Apparently, we have...
We don't have that problem anymore.
Sounds like the name is open, so...
Once again...
If anybody's interested, if there are any takers...
If you owe me money, pay up now while there's still time, or you too can meet Reverend Stacy piece of flesh.
That might have been it. It might have been that pound of flesh that...
Pound of flesh.
That Stacy owed.
It wasn't a whole pound, though.
I don't know.
I don't think I left that much behind. I was really hungry.
I don't think a pound of flesh is really a pound of flesh these days.
I think they...
I think they short-stripped you.
I think you're right.
It's deflation.
Has anyone seen the Fnord?
I think this is a time where we take a Thor's Union pod crust break, and hope that the aliens don't come early and take over the microphones.
We only have six hours and seven minutes to prepare, so I'm going to...

I'm going to make sure that I have enough nicotine in my system to sustain the journey through the stratosphere as the thrusters burn off my outer core.
You gotta molt a few times before my pod's shiny exterior is exposed into space.
The glistening crust, the exoskeleton, if you will.
Like a beetle's wing on an orphan's tear.
Or the other way around. I get it confused.
So many orphan tears. It's really hard to keep count.
Three separate bots killed one bot.
Eighty-one percent accuracy.
One of the bots in a string of bots in ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba.
Rumsfeld spread bird flu to the US.
Get out.
At least four bots today.
You can use what you have to use.
Yeah.
You can use what you have to use.
And you can use...
You can...
You can?
RA código Andres



Yeah.
쪽에
lo
la
tarde
Speaking.
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Oh yes dear friends, that was Reverend Jimmy Ryan doing that instrumental piece of music.
Before that, some cut-ups by Fernanda Le...
Fernanda Le...
LeMur, and some X-Day radio podcast broadcast from Reverend Animal,
and her temporary guest, Reverend Redacted.
And now, this.
Oh, and the background music. The background music is by Doctors for Bob.
It's the original, just the music with no lyrics.
I'm so happy to have this recording.
And as I was saying, now this.
And now this.
I think. I think we have this.
Or is it that?
Well, I hope to be going to visit that.
Perhaps in June.
Oh my goodness.
In Portugal.
He...that lives in, uh...Portugal.
Is where that is.
I knew that.
And I have to go get that.
I have to grab a chair.
Dave is grabbing a chair!
Out of nowhere, suddenly Dave is claiming he has to grab a chair.
There's the disembodied Dave voice grabbing a chair.
My sweaty little chunks need a chair.
I have to...I can't stand for long today because I urinated out the fabric that I was given.
I guess it's supposed to make your ears grow or something.
How...how...it seems like it would hurt to urinate fabric.
Yeah.
That sounds...
How do you get it out?
Does it come out in threads or...
That's what they did...yeah.
I guess some kind of new kind of textile poisoning they got going on.
But they didn't think that's what it was.
Is it like cloth when you eat it?
And then threads when you excrete it?
Yeah, I do excrete it.
Or is it the other way around?
You eat a bunch of thread and you excrete cloth.
Yeah.
A yard of gingham shall now be produced by Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Yes.
And I'll show you the mysterious dance I used to do on top of everything.
There'd be a casket down there full of fallen artichokes and other confused people and stuff, you know?
And I would dance on them.
And I'd throw a beer bottle somewhere.
Or maybe a brandy bottle.
Yeah.
Have you been wild, Dave?
Yeah.
Have you been...you've been being wild?
It kind of sounds to me like Dave's been being wild.
Yeah, I've been dancing in the graveyard and stuff like that.
Peeing fabric.
Peeing fabric and moonlighting as a hair pilot.
And a co-confederate spirit.
There's a shop owner in town that always encourages...he makes me promise that I'm going to be wild.
Whenever I go in and buy his products, which are actually fancy beers,
he always says, now, you promised to be wild.
And...or some variation on that.
The other day, Princess Weehee said, now, you know, you got to remember, wildness is in the eye of the be wilder.
Wildness is in the eye of the be wilder.
You remember that.
And I said, does that work on cops?
That has never been the case before.
He said...
But yeah, you know...
You can't leave that place without promising that you're going to be wild.
And of course, wild is a relative term.
It is in the eye of the be wilder.
That salutation evolved over time.
It used to be, you promised you're going to have fun now.
Remember, that was...at first it was going to have fun.
Then it evolved into wild.
Promise you're going to be wild.
And I always say things like, no matter what day it is, I go, it is Friday night, right?
This is Friday night, right?
Anyway...
You say that all the time.
I hate that phrase.
What phrase?
Well, I don't hate it, but...
Which phrase?
This is Friday night, isn't it?
But when you say it about Friday, and wearing, you know, the kind of those plastic shoes and everything, I can read in between the lines and spaces.
I can smell your breath quite easily, my friend Francois.
I know what you're trying to sell here on this platform.
You're trying to...
You're trying to convince everybody that you know something we don't know, I guess.
Well, I do.
I know this little poem you haven't heard yet.
What's with the plastic shoes?
A little poem by Reverend Ivor Sticks.
No, this is...this is just somebody named George.
Oh, no, Reverend Cool Dirty.
Reverend Cool Dirty.
He's a new subgenius minister, and this is a very short poem.
Okay.
The bandit named Billy the Kid had a secret he always kept hid.
When he rode on the prairie, his companions may vary, but his best friend was always his squid.
Oh.
Thanks for making me laugh, fun boy.
Short and sweet.
Prairie squid is always...always makes a...gives you a little chuckle, a little smile.
If you know what a prairie squid is.
No, I don't know what...the idea itself would sound silly and ridiculously humorous at any time, especially when somebody springs it, as if a trap.
You know, like you were in the fart gorilla or something like that, and you were hiding in the closet, and you heard the machine guns overhead and the silent policemen walking by, and you could...you could...you...I forgot what I was talking about.
The plastic shoes day.
Yes, and the fart gorilla.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
The fart gorilla.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And the prairie squid.
And the prairie squid.
It was actually the prairie squid was the main one.
Yeah, it all started off with the prairie squid.
Yeah, it's just the name...the para anthem or the...the sound of the Jezebel engine coming out, you know?
The last Jezebel.
The last Jezebel.
Will you be the last Jezebel, my friend?
My girlfriend?
I'll be the last Jezebel.
Or girl-like friend?

Friend?
Thing friend?
Will you be a member of the Church of the Submarine or the Sub-Spasmodic or the Sub-Genetic
or something, you know?
Just below a genius.
Well, anything...anywhere below a genius.
It can be way, way, way below.
If you've got 35 bucks and you're way below a genius, or just below, you can be a member
of our august assemblage.
And you can just, like, claim your point on the dice and make speeches to everybody,
especially, like, if you're imagining you're in the Roman Senate, somehow you're Steve
Reeves and you show up, you have these fast nipples that you argue with the police force
with or something.
I can't keep on getting into nipples and arguments with police.
Yeah, I was gonna say, you've been kind of nipple-centric the last month.
Is there some...something we should know about?
We don't know.
For people like myself who've been easily mind-controlled, what does it mean when they're
trying to make me think that all the time?
We're not gonna tell you what it means.
We just aren't going to.
That's a...otherwise you wouldn't be mind-controlled.
You don't know.
You're just pretending as if you're...you don't know either.
I know.
Okay, so you do know and you won't tell.
I know I don't know.
But it's fun to not know.
Matt?
It's most fun to not know.
That kind of depends.
Knowing how to escape would be more fun than not knowing how to escape.
Well, yes.
Knowledge can be good.
Wisdom is always a plus.
Harmless is one thing a little knowledge is not.
Harmless is a little like...oh man, if I could play the harmonium as well as you can fake
it, man, then we'd have a real band.
A band of isosceles, triangles, bent on world destruction.
If I could only, if I could only, if I could only...
That's what we're listening to in the background.
It's Doctors for Bob Instrumentals.
I think they're doing P-Dog Strut right now.
Oh, I love that dance.
Oh, you are?
I've done that before.
Remember?
The P-Dog dance?
Yeah.
We should.
Didn't you try it a couple times yourself?
You said it kind of changed your mind.
It changed your life, something.
Well, this show, I've been playing Doctors for Bob, and I also played some Reverend Anna
Moll, and I just finished spreading around fundraisers for both of those worthies who
have both fallen on real hard times.
And every now and then as a preacher, I have to act like a preacher and reach out to the
others in the congregation and let them know that I'm a preacher.
And I know that there's one or two members that have fallen on dark days and need some
help.
In Reverend Anna Moll's case, it's fairly straightforward.
She had a terrible leak in her apartment or house in Austin, Texas.
Such a bad leak.
It was like a ceiling plumbing leak.
A hot water heater shot water up through the ceiling where it spread onto all of the ceilings,
and then crashed back down through and pretty much drowned every object in her house, including
her whole art studio and all her cool, weird musical instruments, and basically everything.
Everything.
Her art, any musical instruments that she invented, all kinds of interesting things.
Yeah, so there's a fundraiser for her going around subgenius land.
And Pope Sternodocs, the founding member of Doctors for Bob, is a great preacher.

He's one of the most prolific subgenius prophets that has ever been.
In fact, when we talk about Prairie Squid, it may be him that told us about that.
When you launch your bleeding head of Arnold Palmer, you're quoting Sterno half the time.
And if you talk about, you know, give me slack or kill me, that's a Sternoism.
Absolutely.
Well, a Sterno would kind of like to die some of the time.


Right now, he's told me that we don't have to worry about him doing that himself.
But he's having terrible medical problems that are mysterious.
And he can't walk.
His leg doesn't work.
One leg doesn't work at all, and the other one hurts like hell.
And he depends on the Veterans Administration, which, of course, has been gutted and is shoddy and backwards.
And, you know, he's got a lot of experience.

And even worse things.
His girlfriend was deported.
She's Mexican.
She's a lawyer in Mexico.
But that didn't do any good here.
And get this, Dave.
While Sterno was trying to talk to this immigration person in Little Rock over the phone about getting his girlfriend back, he heard this sentence.
Okay, get ready.
I'm not going to let your girlfriend back in this country because, frankly, I don't like Mexicans.
That's what he said?
Yes.
He heard that.
That was a government employee who said that to Sterno.
If only he'd been recording.
That's the kind of thing that would go viral for half an hour and make people terribly upset and not push the like button, which is about the level of activism most people are at these days, I think.
It's all been hush-hush miranded and scapulated by the mad forces of the demonic generals and so forth.
Well, basically.
Sterno's health problems.
That's the kind of one where you'd have to look under the surface and know that I'm not being silly and backwards, but it is kind of, there's some truth in it.
Say that again?
It's maybe disguised, but there's thin layers in what I said was the truth because these people, however they may not know they are, I'm not saying there is such a thing as a demon, but if there were ever demonic forces, there would be.
There would be people that do that, say that.
No, that's not demonic.
It's just stupid.
Why are you giving them so much credit?
That's not demonic power.
That's pure stupidity and ignorance.
That's the conspiracy of the normals.
That's what we're talking about.
That's what we're fighting.
And if you want to fight the conspiracy, help Sterno.
Please?
Well, there has to be a balance.
There has to be somebody doing good to offset the bad.
Of course, the bad think that what they're doing is good, and how do we know we're not the bad?
Well, that's why I think the world is going on its own.
Well, here's how I know we're not the bad, because we wonder sometimes whether we might be wrong.
The people who are really bad never wonder if they're wrong.
Never, ever, ever wonder.
They can't.
In fact, if you even argue with them, no matter how long you're with them, they'll never wonder.

And logically, that just makes you more of a wrong, evil, demonic person.
Now, see, how are we ever going to get our act together, man?
Well, first of all, we build these big cages.
We get these canvas tents, and we cover them with Dayton fig juices and stuff like that.
We adorn them with camels, and we make sure that they're very bright and onward and slimy.
And so if you go too many of them, like maybe 5,000 at a time, they come after you.
And so when you're laying out in the sun in the middle of the wintertime, trying to catch the, you know, the moon rays or whatever they used to call it,
you just lay there for a couple of hours, and you think about what you just said, and you say, yeah, yeah, man, that's it.
That's where I'm headed.
That direction, anyway.
I'm not saying that I was particularly on a stay in one of these buffoon baboon houses they keep near the state parks.
There's too many, not enough cage space.
But you are thinking about a moon tan?
Yeah, of course.
Who isn't at this time of the year?
Who isn't trying to dive for different various luxuries?
Passed on by Pinocchio and Sergeant Swifty and Gomer Pylon and, you know.
Hey, Dave.
Huh?
Hey, Dave.
Where are you going with that bob in your hand?
Hey, Dave, where are you going with that, with your hand on your nose?
I'm going to that moon up.
I'm going to find that woman I found her snot bags in another land.
You're syncing up with the background music pretty well, considering that you can't hear it.
Hey, Joe.
Where are you going with that?
Where are you going?
Hey, Joe.
I remember back, I think it was the psychedelic days.
You can remember those?
No, I don't remember those.
You weren't there then, buddy.
If you can remember the psychedelic days, then you weren't there.
If you can remember Woodstock, you wasn't there, buddy.
If you remember Dockstock 1, 2, or 3, you're lying.
There's a lot of false titties going around.
Wouldn't that be weird if everybody had false?
Then there I go like Pequod the Elephant Slayer.
Dave has got a real problem with nipples and nipple-related things.

What can this mean?
Is this something back to throwback to my childhood?
I'm thinking about Mammy and the days of my nonderhood.
You're just going through all your mammaries.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Now you sound like Dr. Jekyll and Mrs. Hyde.
That's us.
I'm Dr. Jekyll and she's Mrs. Hyde.
That's right.
That's right.
And your real name is Ron and your real name is Fr-
When the drug wears off, she turns back into me.
Think how much of the drug we have to do for both of us to be on the air at the same time.
Yeah, that is a dangerous, that's a spectrographic haunting thought.
For Dr. Jekyll and Mrs. Hyde to be there at the same time on the same show.
That's a magical amount of person.
And it's not overdubbed.
Magical.
Magical amount of medicine.
Yes.
Yeah, Jekyll, Jekyll juice.
Jekyll juice.
It will be in the past.
Don't forget, all will be monogrammed and revealed and sealed in the past.
But we've got to get, we've got to figure out a way of getting back there in the past
as quickly as possible.
Because then we can change and rearrange the way the furniture's going to be when it's
coming up this year, which could be a dangerous year for us pedicostals.
It never, it never works.
Or our exuberance.
I mean, I'm not saying that we're going to be able to get it back.


I'm trying to fix the future by fix, changing the past.
It always backfires.
Every time.
Well, what if you had a big protuberant proboscis and you looked like an anteater sometimes?
Oh, that's not going to, what difference is that going to make?
I don't know.
I thought it would sound cool.
If you look like an anteater sometimes?
Speak for yourself.
Well, I am speaking for myself.
Pull your tongue back into your mouth.
Pull that whip-like, ribbon-like flagellum of a tongue back into your mouth, Dave.
I'm not saying that I'm going to be able to get it back.



I'm just saying that I'm going to be able to get it back.
And if you're not going to share the ants, you know, don't eat them in front of us.
Well, okay.
If that's the way you say it, then that's the way it'll go, man.
Because it's your show and it's your, whatever you just said is wrong.
Yeah, wrap your anteater tongue back inside your, reel it back up inside your cheek.
Oh, the ants are out here at Stang Ranch in the springtime.
Oh, yeah.
Are they really?
Every kind of ants.
The ants, the neon grasshoppers.
Fire ant figures, red ants.
There were beautiful, brilliant green beetles crawling around on dark black raccoon excrement.
Oh, that sounds like haiku.
They were shiny, shiny green black.
There were three green beetles.
Really shiny, tiny emerald green beetles that live on the blackest raccoon scat, which is,
by the way, usually found on wild animals.

I remember you saying that in one of our artworks.
Yes.
That raccoons don't like our art.
No.
When we stack rocks up in artful rows.
You call it raccoon feces, and previously in another document you said it was some other
kind of feces.
Well, we distinguish between them.
We're going to be experts.
Is it like a lacquer that you can use in like different stains or layers?
Actually, it's kind of tricky because raccoons are omnivorous and sometimes their scat is
just a bunch of berries, half-digested berries, and other times it's got hair and bones in
it.
And sometimes it's just this black paste.
Yes, we went online.
That's the kind the beetles like.
We looked for the, whose poop is this at?
Hey, we're the beetles.
Now we're crawling on that scat.
Wasn't that that band?
We're too busy crawling to know even where we're at.
Yeah, there we go.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And the red harvester ants are out.
I finally got stung by one.
Time to harvest them.
Robert Stang's been getting stung a lot.
Yeah.
I've been bragging about how the bugs and the venomous creatures in this land are my
friends, and they decided to all prove me wrong.
I got chased by bees yesterday, Dave.
You were talking, you were telling me about being chased by bees.
I don't want to make a man out of you.
I was chased down Lee Road by bees for a while.
I was chased down Lee Road for about two blocks.
Yeah.
Yes, this happened.
It happened here.
I witnessed it.
I didn't even molest them.
I've gotten much closer to this beehive in a dead tree before, but I guess they hadn't
read the news about what people have been doing to bees.
Now they've heard the news.
Well, although where you are, they could well be Africanized by now and be very angry all
the time.
Well, I was ...
I guess they arrived in Texas about 1980.
I'm not sure.

I don't know.
I don't know.
But I don't know.
But I know that these little honey bees ...
Killer bees.
Well, I was in their flight path.
I was trying to make a nice little slow motion movie, and I did, but then they landed on
my ears and cheeks and started warning me that I was in their way.
Then they started really warning me.
I took heed, and I started walking away really fast.
Princess Wee.
Buddy, come on.
Let's go.
Now.
Real fast.
Now.
And the bees ignored Buddy and Princess Wee.
They hadn't been in the flight path.
One of them must have tagged me with his little pheromone radar marker, and all his buddies
followed me halfway to the house.
They followed your heart.
That's what happened to me, too.
They all followed me.
Because the first one is like, that's him.
Go get him.
That's him.
They know.
Yeah, they mark you.
They tag you.
Well, they imprinted it on your hat.
They wouldn't get away from your hat.
Well, that's where they threw the first paintball.
Paintball?
Paintball.
Yeah, you mark the target with a paintball.
Discussing our beloved bees, the ones who give us honey, the meal of our fruits of our
labors, you're referring them as the paintballs?
No, no.
They use paintballs on me because they're hunting me now.
I also got stung by one of my buddies, the red paper wasps, but that was an accident.
They're very friendly most of the time, or rather, they ignore us, and they're everywhere.
Great big scary wasps, the ugliest, scariest wasp you ever saw, but they're the most peaceful
because, like a lot of giants, they can afford to be nice.
They're brilliant red.
They don't have to have a chip on their shoulder because everybody's afraid of them because
they're big.
So they can afford to be extra nice.
That's what they used to say about Man Mountain Paradise, the famous wrestler and stuff.
Yeah.
Who's actually just a real extremely fat guy and stuff.
And you know, they would use the script to all the wrestling matches and stuff, so if
he'd do a piledriver or something like it, it was real obvious because there's this big,
fat, enormous human being.
Put it to make the other person look like a little baby.
Just like a little teeny tiny baby and drop it on the ground, and he would fall nearby
him and slap his arm real hard on the canvas and would go, swang like he'd actually struck
him, and the other guy would cry out in pain.
Well, that's what you call suspension of disbelief.
Yeah, because you don't want to have too many of them anyway in the first place.
You want to make sure that you're clean of free thoughts and prejudices and prevailing
winds.
Well, you know, I guess some of these giant guys, you could call them gentle giants.
Andre the Giant, who was one of Bob's rivals of face spray painting, mysterious face graffiti.
Andre and Bob were friendly rivals.
Of course, Andre could crush Bob in his hands, but Bob's so lucky that that would only happen
if Bob was kind of kinky.
And Bob was kind of kinky and wanted to be crushed right then by a big French giant.
Right.
But, uh...
I'm glad I know that, among other things.
Yeah, I was going somewhere.
I was going to take all this somewhere worthwhile, and now it's too late.
It's gone.
It's just, it's like the carpet of my mind was pulled out from under me.
Oh.
Maybe, maybe the flavor of your erection, that you were actually...

I was just trying to confuse.
And when you got to the point where you thought it would be such a wonderful, climactic event,
it wasn't, and then you forgot.
Well, I should keep a pen in my hand at all times during show to make little cryptic notes
to myself.
I've been asked if I do that.
It's like, do you keep little notes so you know what subject to go back to?
It's like, well, sometimes.
I have to...
If it's Dr. Howell, yeah, I have to.
You must.
Yes, you must.
I have to.











It's not, it's not.



If it's Dave, it's going too fast.
If it's Dave, it's kind of a moot point.
Yeah, I mean, everything has to do with dairy farmers nowadays since Khrushchev signed the
PLAAD.
It's nipple time.
Yeah, he's an oligarch.
This nips for you.
If, what would you do, Stan, if you were the oligarch of the former Soviet Union.
If you were...
THE oligarch?
I thought there was a bunch of them.
Yeah, the old man, the main, the main guy, whoever he is.
What would I do?

I'd spend all day long playing video games and hunting fossils.
Wow, what a fruitful way of life.
I'm trying to think.
If I had ultimate power and riches, what would I do with it?
The first thing I can think of is go for a nice long walk with Buddy.
Only we'd have a big fence around the place so Buddy wouldn't have to be on a leash.
We'd pay for a much better fence.
And guards.
Guards with tranquilizer darts.
They could shoot him when he dug under the impenetrable fence.
You know, that's what they ought to use.
Trump should hire Buddy to test the wall.
If they really think they're going to keep people out,
let's see if they can even keep a little dog.
From going through that wall.
Because if anybody's going to find a weakness, it's Bud.
It's going to be our dog.
Yeah.
Bud's going to find a way to get through.
Oh, God.
We literally saw him running down the highway.
He got out again.
And we went to the gate to prevent him from getting to the highway.
Because we could tell on my special tracking device he was getting close.
Well, he shot right through some weak part of the fence.
And he got out.
And Princess Wee turned around from where she was guarding.
And he's trotting towards her on the outside of the fence with the 70 mile an hour traffic next to him.
Right next to him.
Five feet next to him.
When you pull out of our driveway, it's onto a 70 mile an hour highway.
And there's our little, beloved, precious pup.
Just trotting down with a big smile on his face.
Hi.
Yeah.
And he ran straight towards Princess Wee and then ducked out of her grasp.
And luckily ran back into our area.
And started drinking from a ditch.
At which point my little sister pounced on him.
And grabbed him.
But she couldn't budge him.
I had to walk over there through the brambles and briars.
And lift the little fellow up in my arms.
And carry him back to the jeep through the briars and brambles.
And this is the second time I've done this.
It's the only time we've ever seen him get sexually excited.
When he's captured.
And being physically carried.
By me.
And that's the only two times we've ever seen this little neutered dog get really turned on.
It's kind of twisted.
Was he doing an old leg humping routine?
Mm-mm.
Oh, he was showing off his equipment.
Yeah, he can't hump because I'm holding him.
Yeah, he's showing off his equipment.
Which isn't much to show off.
But we never see it.
He's, you know, he's...
That's because you don't look hard enough, me boys.
And girls.
No, he's the one who doesn't look hard enough.
If you're searching for a dog's wiener, you've got to look hard in every day.
You can't wait for a single moment to pass without looking for that dog's penis.
Actually, I...
Yeah, you can.
Especially this dog.
He's kind of...
Well, I didn't mean that sincerely.
Oh, he had his first kill.
He had his first kill.
Two nights ago.
Yes, it was...
Princess Wee was horrified at first, but I said, no, let him have it.
It was a little injured bird.
A finch.
A finch.
A tiny little finch that couldn't fly.
And Buddy had it in his mouth.
Probably a sick baby.
Yeah, we made him drop it at first, and then I thought, wait a minute, what am I doing?
This is what dogs do.
And to Princess Wee's horror, I let the dog...
Grab the bird again and just...
He just kind of crunched down on it.
He didn't eat it.
He kept it as a plaything so he could reenact his mighty hunt.
The moment when he first caught his first varmint.
Which he did over and over and over again.
We watched him out in the yard just throwing this dead bird around and then pouncing on it.
And he'd throw it in the air again, and then when it landed, he'd bounce on it like it was alive.
And he'd shake it like he had to kill it all over again.
I took a picture of it this morning.
It barely looks like a bird anymore.
But yeah, he finally got to fulfill his destiny as a hunting dog.
I wish he could do it more.
For all that we know, he's devoured all kinds of horrible things during his escapes.
Yes, we don't know.
Because his escapes took hours.
And yeah.
For all we know, he actually slew deer.
We can see where...
Where he goes minute by minute, roughly.
But we can't see him.
You know, we just see a little blue dot on a satellite map.
He does have a white-hot passion for those deer.
Oh, God, he did.
He's like a subgenius looking for slack.
He's going to get one one day.
He's determined to get one one day.
He's going to taste the blood of slack.
He's going to grab slack by the throat and shake it until his neck is broken.
And taste of its blood.
The blood of slack.
Our deer are small, but they're not that small.
Actually, they aren't that much bigger than this medium-sized dog.
Texas deer are pathetic.
The deer in our neighborhood in Cleveland are what you expect.
The white-tailed deer in Texas are shrimps.
They're like little doggies.
First you call them elk.
Then you call them buffalo.
Now you call them shrimp.
No, no, that's the dog.
The dog is a shrimp.
We call him shrimp scampi.
Because he's a scamp.
He's a little scamp.
I see him in my mind as like an erstwhile biscuit.
A little gay dandy who refuses to come in out of the rain.
Oh, we love to feel of his little gay furflurfers on his chubs.
You just swirl around his little feathers on the back of his chubs.
His furflurfers.
His furflurfers.
Or the ones on his chest which are just the furflurs.
Yes.
Dave may not have heard the show that had the dog feather definitions that my sister
came up with.
All dogs should be very, very unusual and very short.
They live in cramped spaces throughout these damn hazing plazas.
That's another fundraiser.
My sister's daughter, who is also my niece, who is also my neighbor.
And my buddy.
And mine too.
Yeah, we got a fundraiser going for her because she's got this condition called Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome.
Huh?
Your sister's daughter is your niece.
Right.
Right.
Yeah, and she's a grown woman of like 30 years old, but she's kind of disabled by this.
Do you know of Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome, Dave?
No, I have not heard of it.
It's a disease of the connective tissue, which is all over your whole body.
And her ribs and arm bones slide.
Her arms get out of socket.
Her knees get out of joint.
She dislocates ribs and shoulders.
Yeah, I mean, all she can do is give her a little push and it dislocates half her ribs.
She can't drive.
Sterno can't drive because his right leg just disappears.
It vanishes at unexpected moments.
And he needs it to put on the brakes and to walk.
So, yeah, we have...
Yeah, it's very important, that.
This has been a fundraiser month.
I actually started the fundraiser for Sterno myself.
The other ones I've just been sharing.
There was even a Dr. Hal Kickstarter.
Yes.
To make...
And they made it over the top after I started helping.
Could you put together a Dave one for me, too?
We need...
Well, okay, what is...
List your illnesses, Dave.
Well, my house is ready to fall apart.
There's nothing can be saved even though I've been trying.
I have a form of some sort of neuropathic problems with my foot and my right leg.
It makes me jump all the time.
I'll be perfectly relaxed and then it'll jump and it'll start spazzing.
Sterno had that restless leg syndrome.
That's what that is.
They give you Valium for it.
I don't want to...
Well, probably not in Ashtabula.
Wherever there's a terrible opioid epidemic, people who really need them can't get them.
Thanks, opioid addicts.
Wrecked it for everybody else.
Yeah, they didn't do a very good job, did they?
When I think of all the countries, the vast wilderness we were going to give to them,
just going to bequeath them all this land to take out and rear their ugly children.
And they just like spat right on our shoes and urinated in the bushes near us.
What, the opioid addicts?
They're grand hairmeisters.
We were going to give them a reservation, an addict reservation.
Yeah, yeah, that's it.
And they're master blasters, too.
Well, the government would just give them all the opiates they want and let them just rot?
They would give the doctors enough...
The thing is, though, you can live forever on opiates.
If you aren't stupid, they...
You know, if you handle it right, you can live a long time being a heroin addict.
Look at William Burroughs.
I mean, after a while it's not fun because it doesn't get you high anymore.
But...
Yeah, that's what I heard.
You just have to take it to keep from being sick, right?
Yeah.
Well, it's just like cigarettes.
I smoked cigarettes for 25 years just to keep from being sick.
And when I quit smoking, I was sick for a year.
Me, too.
I used to like to smoke those big fiery blunts, those huge, long cigarettes that make angels cough.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Just another sad angel singing to the sad earth.
Ha, ha, ha.
God.
Then make some veins on the side of your head stick out and move towards the back of your skull.
Oh, it's been a 10 box of Kleenex a day cold.
And both of us had it, and we're still fighting it a little bit.
I'm doing pretty well in this show.
I haven't snorted and snotted all that much yet.
You must be getting well.
I haven't done my usual thing where I go like this.
Oh, man, I need a bucket now.
That's disgusting.
I haven't done that yet on this episode.
I have covered the mouthpiece at various times to make similar noises.
Well, at least you have the courtesy to cover the mouthpiece.
At least you have a mouthpiece.
I have to speak for myself.
Hey, we have to go.
What?
Yeah, we've been talking about what I said.
This is going to be a short one.
Oh, that's right.

We have to do like half an hour.
Yeah.
Because we got Anna Moll blabbering away with a couple of different subgeniuses.
And, yeah, it's kind of an old-fashioned show because it's only half live.
Okay, but Dave doesn't have to slam right out, right?
He can stay and chat with us.
Dave always slams right out.
Yeah, Dave.
You know, when I say the show is ending, I'm lying.
Because, okay, friends, don't hang up, Dave.
Okay, friends, that's the end of the Hour of Slack.
Praise Bob.
Thanks, Dave.
Okay, then we do the internet, the secret internet show that we can't do on broadcast radio because we talk about all our stuff that we sell.
And we want you here for that part, Dave.
And now we're ending the part that's not that.
This has been Hour of Slack number 1,669.
69.
69.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
From PR News in Washington, I'm seeking the death penalty, especially in England.
I'm seeking death from Mobile, Alabama.
I'm back from Singapore on national security grounds.
The best interest is not in anyone's interest.
U.S. stocks this hour.
The Dow is 392539.
PR News, Washington.
A video of a scene shows a PR News in Troy, Alabama.
A video of a scene shows a PR News in Troy, Alabama.

Investigators in Nepal are saying this is PR News in Washington.
And now the internet part starts and we can talk about how people need to buy Neighbor World.
I think we've only sold two copies of it this month.
No way.
Oh, really?
Well, that's two more than I thought.
I need to finish it and do my review.
Terrible.
I'm so slow.
I saw three good reviews.
Three or five.
I can't remember which.
What am I talking about?
On Amazon where they leave reviews.
Yeah, I'm surprised I haven't gotten any real feedback except for the one guy who sent me this detailed letter of all the em dashes that needed to be fixed.
And anywhere there were double spaces and stuff that my initial search and replace stuff hadn't done.
And I didn't mess with the em dashes.
It's true.
And you said it was incredibly detailed.
Yeah, yeah.
It was very helpful actually.
And it'll help on the next book, Eyelash, which I can't wait to get to.
I had to do this show and I had to do this fundraisers and I had to do the X Day pages on the internet.
And it's just one thing after another.
All I want to do is publish a bunch of cool books.
But I keep having to do this stupid show.
Well, friends, you can buy Neighbor World and Book of the Subgenius direct from, well,
actually you're buying it directly from me.
I will be the one who pastes that postage onto the envelope and mail it.
And I sign all the Subgenius books.
I can't sign Dave's book.
I did write the forward in it, but it would be kind of dumb if it was signed by the guy who wrote the forward and not the guy who wrote the book.
But didn't I sign a bunch of books for Invisible Characters?
Yeah, just before X Day when it wasn't even really published.
No, no.
No one over at Craigtown.
Yeah.
Yeah, you signed about ten of them.
They're all gone.
They're all sold.
They were the first ten we sold.
Actually, there were sixteen that you signed.
And anyway, friends, yeah, Book of the Subgenius is only 21 bucks, I think.
Neighbor World is $14.
It doesn't have pictures.
Oh, yes, it does.
It does.
It has a page of art by Dave that shows the characters.
And a portrait of Dave in the back.
And a portrait of Dave by Reverend A.P. O'Stacey Fnord.
And there's a Bob sideways on the cover.
No, that's an evil, evil, weird, or something.
I don't know.
What is that thing on the cover that you painted, Dave?
It's a, it's a, um, a sergun of an X-ray.
It's a type of variety.
What?
A sergun.
A sergun?
A sergun.
What?
Like in the book, I mean.
A sergun.
Well, there are some goons.
Towards the end.
Serguns.
Yeah, towards the end there are goons.
You haven't read them yet.
No, I haven't read them yet.
You haven't read the orgy scene.
No.
Yeah, yeah.
I've read part of it on our slide about a year ago.
Anyway, what else can you buy from Church of the Subgenius that we can't talk about on the college radio station?
Oh, you can buy all kinds of stuff from Church of the Subgenius.
T-shirts.
Yeah.
Cloisonné pins, if that's how you pronounce that.
Cloisonné.
Little metal pins.
Yes.
Stickers.
Bumper stickers.
Gee-gaws.
Gum traps.
Gim, gim cracks.
Coffee mugs.
Yeah, coffee mugs.
Mouse barks.
Yeah, mouse traps.
No, not mouse traps.
Mouse barks.
Haven't you ever heard a cute little mouse make cute little barks and then gets eaten up by a cute little dog?
Yeah.
We're working on that.
I thought you did.
Yeah.
I have a cute little dog that wants to eat cute little mice and he's come close a few times.
He almost got a bunny one day.
He's dumb though.
He can't see for hooey.
He can sniff these things out.
I see him run away.
I go, look, buddy, there he goes.
Go.
He's like, he's clueless.
His eyesight must be terrible.
I'm not kidding.
Squirrels, rabbits, all kinds of things.
Just right in front of him and he doesn't see him.
Damn it was that way.
It's highly likewise.
It's very highly likewise.
Especially if he smokes a lot of pot or...
Oh, he hates pot.
I happen to know that.
I don't want to say how I know that my dog hates pot, but he hates the smell of it.
He smokes brisket or he smokes ribs or some sort of meat or something.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's allowed then to say that?
Mm-hmm.
He smokes ham.
Buddy smokes ham.
Mm-hmm.
He mentioned the scallop, the potato, and he's eating some peas and some vertical stains.
Buddy would much rather smoke salmon than ham.
Oh, I know what we can talk about that we forgot.
What?
Those fundraisers.
Buddy smoked a fundraiser?
If any subgenius is really, really interested in helping another subgenius, I mean with
five bucks, because if enough of you did that, it would be 5,000 bucks, which would be a
drop in the bucket, but it's a big bucket.
And it's empty.
Here's what you do.
Well, the first...
It's Facebook.
It's probably Facebook.



Part of the problem.
Almost everything's Facebook.
But there's a go...
If you just type in gofundme slash sterno, I think that's what it is, www.gofundme.com
slash sterno.
I think that's it.
Or doctors for sterno docs, but you have to know how to spell doctors and for the right
word.
It's complicated.
Can they go to subgenius.com and find out?
I need to make sure that that can happen, because no, not on the regular website.
All that stuff, everything's like Facebook.
Facebook controls the universe.
The nation that controls Facebook controls the universe.
I'm not sure if that's true.
I'm curious.
That's what Dick Tracy said about 500 years ago.
Yeah, but he didn't mean...
He was riding with Columbus.
Oh, no.
He was talking about magnetism.
The same difference.
Anyway, and Reverend Anna Moll.
Some of our listeners probably do look at the Facebook.
There's so many subgenius Facebook pages, and I put the links and pinned them on the
official Church of the Subgenius, the official Subgenius Foundation.
The unofficial Slack Hole, which is one of my favorites, and the unofficial Church of
the Subgenius, and the P's of it, and the X Day, last X Day, and this year's X Day,
and just everywhere.
And Scrub Genius.
Actually, anyone who is listening to this program really should be a subgenius minister
and able to look at the Scrub Genius Forum on Google Chrome.
I'm going to do a little bit of a...

The reason being that I can control who is on there.
I let in only true members, and Suzie the Floozy kicks out only true assholes.
And she only has to do that every three months or so.
We don't get that many assholes.
There's one right now that we're just, we're watching the countdown.
I thought there were two right now.
Two assholes?
Yes.
Why would you need a second one?
Yeah.




Anyway, it was, yeah, friends, seriously, there's a lot of stupid subgenius crap on the internet, especially on Facebook, and some good.
But on the Scrub Genius Forum, which isn't really controlled except that we can kick problems off.
We don't have to often, but we do.
And it makes a big difference in readability and everything else.
It's more readable, too.
For some reason, the people on Scrub Genius type in multiple paragraphs.
They'll have thoughts that go on for so long.
It's not just one or two sentences.
It's not just one or two paragraphs.
It's one or two pages.
Thoughtful, hefty stuff, especially for me.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
And, you know, you can get pretty serious on that one.
I'm sad that you're not on there, Dave.
You were for about a week, about ten years ago.
Then you said you lost your password.
And you didn't make a new one.
But you still can make a new one, Dave.
Yeah, you can.
Anytime.
Anytime.
Anybody can.
Well, I'll make one at any time sometimes.
Well, here's what you do, Dave.
You type subgenius.com and push return.
And there you're looking at the front page of subgenius.com.
And then you push news or contacts.
Either one.
And those lead you to the Scrub Genius forum,
which is where...
Which is why the fundraisers work for people.
The people on Scrub Genius, when they beg for money, they get money from each other.
They do.
And that's one reason I've been encouraging you to be a little bit more involved in social media.
Because that's how people make their livings these days.
Because you're saying I could make you go on a movie so out of luck?
Huh?
Because you're saying that making a little bit more cash would not be so out of luck?
You'd be...
More accessible as a fellow subgenius to your fellow subgeniuses.
Who want to help you.
Yeah.
It makes a big difference if they feel like they know you, sort of.
They hear you on the hour slack and they love you, Dave.
You have a lot of fans.
I love them, too, even though I've never seen one.
Right.
That's your problem.
You've never seen any of them.
What makes you so sure that I would like to look at them?
Oh, you'd love to look at some of them.
I promise.
Well, I can imagine.
I sure do.
Surreptitiously, of course.
You know, I mean...
I'm not rude.
I don't just walk up and grab them by the country.
I'm not that kind of person.
I actually never did that kind of locker room banter.
Well, I guess a little bit, but not like they're talking about.
Not every guy does that.
Some guys are...
Fucking gentlemen.
I'm sorry, but that's...
It's the truth.
Polite.
Some of us respect...
be-tittied persons.
For other things besides their fabulous, wonderful titties.
You know?
I mean, a whole lot more besides just their...
They don't even have to have titties.
I don't care.
I wasn't going to be doing anything with them anyway.
We can't all have folliculosis.
Sometimes some of us must turn our...
our senses away in anguish.
Yeah.
When we realize what we've done.
Yeah.
Or undone.
Yeah.
Or not done.
Not gotten around to.
That's the worst.
Yeah, that's...
Yeah.
Oh, when I think about it.
All right, let's not go there.
Let's not go there.
Friends, Dave and everybody, I think we're...
I think it's probably time to turn off even the internet.
The long, extended internet version of the show.
Where we tell you, you can...
contribute.
Oh, here's the easiest way.
If somebody really wants to help subgeniuses,
there's a donation button on subgenius.com right up front.
There's another one on the radio hour of Slack page.
We can just click a button, give us money for free,
and you can leave a little note that says,
this is for Sterno.
Or this is for Anna Mall.
Or this is to bring Dr. Hal to X-Day.
Or this is for Dave.
Or this is for your niece, Claire.
Or this is for my niece, Claire.
Or this just...
Divide it up however you want.
You want Stang, but just don't keep any of it for yourself
and give it all away to your less fortunate...
Like you're gonna...
That's the simplest way.
That is the simplest way, but you have to trust Reverend Stang.
Which would seem like the dumbest thing in the whole world.
Oh, no.
I would trust Reverend Stang.
A lot of people do trust Reverend Stang.
Isn't that funny?
I would never.
But, no, it's true.
If somebody says, oh, this is earmarked for the charities,
then, by golly, I'll divvy it up that way.
Yes, you will.
I can do math.
I have a calculator.
And I'm not to the point of stealing yet.
Close.
I'm getting close.
I've been tempted.
I've been tempted.
We raised a thousand bucks for Sterno the very first day, and it was just four people
sending it around privately.
So I was gonna keep it private.
But he said he didn't give a hoot.
He's not even on Facebook.
So they can't bug him.
He's not gonna complain if a bunch of strangers want to throw money at him.
And I wish they would.
And at my niece, and at Anna Mall, and at Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Yeah.
Indeed.
I wish they would.
Yeah, but—
By the book, that would be even better.
Well, yeah, but how much do you—you get maybe five bucks from the—or eight bucks
from the—
The ones they buy from me.
Those are the ones you get the most money from.
Yeah, that's right.
I guess it wouldn't make very much sense then.
Yeah, just free money.
That's what you need is the free money.
No kidding.
Some rich person out there could probably solve half your problems.
Some rich Dave-a-holic.
Yeah, Dave-a-holic.
Some Dave junkie.
Yeah.
And I know there's some out there.
Oh, definitely.
There's also some Dave haters.
Few of those.
Very few.
I hate them right back.
So they're meh, meh, meh, meh, meh.
There you go.
That's what I've learned, you know, like life has so many lessons.
That's one of them.
Yeah, meh, meh, meh, meh, meh, meh.
That's one of like—
No, what's the lesson?
Which I guess is Johnny's—actually Johnny's got a boner, isn't it?
Johnny's got a boner, isn't it?
Jane or Scott or Bane or Jane or Scott or Bane.









Scott or Bane or—I remember that one.
Boy, this is really—
Same melody.
Totally boysen from a different planet, man.
Yeah, this show is falling apart.
It's unraveling.
It's rotting like Dracula when they pull the curtains back at sunrise.
Like string theory unraveling a bit of yarn.
Or a Morlock that you've hit on the head and then you push your time machine lever and you see him rot real fast.
That's where this show's at.
It's rotting quickly.
Oh, there's a rabbit rot while he's in retreat.
This show is like that little finch that Buddy reduced to—I'm not sure what.
Something vaguely finch-like.
Well, it was a rumpled shadow, its former self.
Yeah.
And our little Buddy has now stopped dreaming actively where he was chasing a bunny in his dream.
Me.
Making noises with his voice.
And hearing.
Oh, yeah, as well as running with his feet quite actively.
We woke up.
He woke up.
Well, not woke up, but he quit the rabbit chasing dream.
You think they're rabbits.
Well, he's dreaming.
He's dreaming that it's us.
He's chasing little bitty versions of you and me.
Terrorizing us.
That's what he's dreaming about.
Oh, yeah, you think you're going to keep me on a leash?
I'm going to chase you all over this field.
Just like you was a little deer.
Oh.
Sounds like we've got a door for you.
Yeah.
So, yeah, now we've recorded about 54 minutes.
Goodness.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Only 31 minutes need to be on the actual broadcast.
R.

You know, the WREK listeners here and the WCSB.
Yeah.
And WORT and those.
But none of those listeners will hear me doing those shout outs.
Oh, wow.
Okay, Dave.
It's the irony.
It's the irony of slack.
And my knee, my hour of knee and slack is over with.
All ironed out.
You know what that means?
It means I have to go up and.
I'm going to go up.
And stroke the elbow.
And do the job that any nutless chimpanzee could do.
All the follow up stuff.
I'm not kidding.
I call it chimping because a nutless chimpanzee could be, could do it if they could read numbers.
That's the only thing they'd have to be able to do is read numbers and push a little computer
button that had the numbers.
They only can, they just don't want to.
Instead of 16668, they'd write 1669.
Searching.
Search.
If I could teach a chimp to do search and replace.
Mm-hmm.
That would be it.
And then next week 167.
I'd throw them a banana and a couple of discs and say, edit the show, chimp.
Nutless chimp.
If he had nuts, he wouldn't do it.
He'd bite my face off.
He'd say, nutless chimp.
That's what I need.
But in the meantime, I'm the nutless chimp.
Oh.
Well, on that note, I'm going to go and put my buns on the pot case.
I'm going to go look for my lost nuts.
You're going to go put your buns on the fire?
I'm going to eat a banana and look for some of my lost nuts.
And toast your buns.
I'm going to go out and find the first reverend aerial ministries I can find and argue about
the existence of God.
Boy, that sounds terrible.
It is.
That does sound terrible.
I'd rather hunker down and listen to the radio or something.
Okay, I'll do that.
And I'll have some pizza, too, on top of that.
All right.
Have some pizza.
Yeah.
Okay.
Praise Bob.
Okay.
Praise Bob.

Hail Connie.
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay.
Here go us.
Here go us.


Here go us.
Here go us.


