No, no, no, no.
Sorry.
It's true.
Ladies and gentlemen, please leave your sub-suggested.
We're having operating difficulties,
which has necessitated a delay
in the beginning of our Sunday movie.
It's a wonderful life.
No trouble.
No trouble.
Get set.
Get going.
Hey, Mom.
Cody?
No.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm gonna bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
Bob?
Bob?
Ray?
Bob?
Let's begin now.
Prepare yourself.
You are about to be remade into a new being
through forbidden knowledge
previously kept secret for centuries
by the jealous priesthoods of many religions.
Follow me!
Ready?
Go!
The Self Genius.
Hour of Swatch.
We're staying up late for her, wouldn't you say?
Definitely.
Bob?

Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?

Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Here's your host.
Oh, uh, re...
Ivan Stang.
Bob?
Bob?

Bob?
No, Ivan Stang.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?


The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think...
Bob?

...that your key phrase is...


...it will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
...as best we can, dear friends.
And you can call for information on the Church of the Subgenius
by dialing in Dallas, Texas, 823-7490.
Be happy again. Keep on smiling.
When you're smiling, whole world will smile with you.
Lift up your pipe, let go the smoke.
This is slack, it ain't no joke.
Rest into Bob, lift up your chain.
And you will pay to know what you think.
But he ain't no man, he ain't no God.
And don't want, want the past but tried.
He ain't no man, he ain't no God.
I don't want to walk the past but tried.
Rejoice, children of light.
And all of ye who are with it, without it, transcended it, kicked it, returned to it, and thought of it, bless thee.
Everything that you have ever done in your whole lifetime in the physical vehicle on this earth,
this plane has brought you to this instant.
Okay.
I'm sorry this tape is taking so long to get to you.
We're surrounded here.
I still have to figure out some way to fly you out of here.
There goes the air support for tonight.
Dropped us some ammo and food.
The chopper's still down here.
I'm staying behind to try to...
Oh, don't do it, Doug. Just leave me.
Leave me here. Go on in.
Do your show, Doug. Do your show.
Get as close to it as I can here.
It's okay. I don't care about that band.
It's pretty scary. Well, Hal, what else is happening in the world today?
Well, the old saying that the fatter you are, the more there is to love apparently doesn't apply when it comes to adopting a baby.
Just ask Michael Kersplatnik and his wife Sue.
They told reporters today that the Australian government told them they each had to shed more than 50 pounds before they would be allowed to adopt a bouncing baby boy.
Sue, 39, weighs a hefty 202 pounds, and Kersplatnik, a 29-year-old boilermaker, weighs 798.
They were both judged to be almost 60% overweight despite perfect health.
We are absolutely heartbroken.
Get up! Shoot him!
Get up! There they go!
There they go. Catch them.
They can't run very fast.
What the devil are you men doing?
I think we got him.
We're lollygagging. We're lollygagging, sir.
All right. Over here, sir.
I think we got him.
Yes, sir. Yes.
Come on. They're not moving. That's just the bullets moving across the ground. Come on.
Look at that blubber shake.
All right. Hold your sound effect.
The destroyers of the earth.
Awful, gentlemen.
That was a sad moment.
I'm turning the phone.
Sick. Yeah.
Look at what's happening. They're calling us up. There's lights all over the board.
Let's see what Bosco has to say.
News of God hasn't been good since they razed Jimmy Swaggart's motel on Airline Highway.
The latest twist involves millions of dollars squeezed out of the faithful by businessmen working with the scripture.
An oil and gas company was stopped by Massachusetts and Missouri authorities from selling stock to wells drilled in accordance with instructions.
Suzanne Just'
They're racing the dollar.




Did youINK espero talked to her ?
No, not anymore.
What are you going to make the deal with Jackie Gaw皇?
See you.
sell. Since most of them have no money to speak of, they always come out ahead.
There was a time, correct me if I'm wrong, when God seemed to be against greed. I'm
not sure exactly when this was, since there is nothing in the history of any
church to prove it. It seemed to be more in the nature of a folk belief based on
the poverty of Jesus and his pristine hatred for the rich. That time was long
ago, probably in the 60s or something. In any case, anyone propounding that theory
today would be laughed out of the pulpit or shoved off the soapbox. Looked at
in another way, greed may actually be the one thing to end the schisms and
arguments between creeds, faiths, or religions. Instead of arguing points of
doctrine, the faithful could trade beliefs the way people trade systems of
the track to see what works. One bread and fish is miracle for a camel talking
in the desert. One icon for a psalm, a lamp for a goat, and so on. You can adopt
whatever system yields the most gain. It would be the end of foolish argument and
there could be the much sought after way to measure the immeasurable. Trust me, it's

a good deal. We'll trade it in my brand new church. Poet Andre Kudrescu is editor of
The Exquisite Corpse. He comes to us via member station WWNO. Now ain't that weird? Did you
ever get to sitting around watching a show like The Untouchables and catch yourself pulling
for the fudge? Probably with our luck, you know, trying to get to the moon. It'll be
a half moon, we'll miss it. Wouldn't that be weird? Of course, a lot of folks say, well,
what are you doing? I'm not doing anything. I'm just trying to get to the moon. I'm just


to get to the moon. I'm just trying to get to the moon. What do you believe in, Brother
Dave? I say, I believe in everything. You don't mean that, yes. Even that, yes. Yes,
yes, I do. I believe in everything that exists in this whole planet Earth. I believe in
every philosophy, every religion, every ideology, everything that exists. And that don't give
me no room for no argument. If the world is wrong, then right your own self. That's something
to think about, sure. Frankly, I believe in love and charity and goodness and kindness.
kindness and I believe if a man's down, kick him. That's right, if he survives it, he has
an opportunity to rise above. I've always said it's more blessed to give than to receive
and two friends get together and start giving. They're bound to receive something out of
it. Hallelujah. Joy to the world.
They don't even know. They don't know what happened. They'll steal the stage props.
Let's watch out.
They don't know nothing. Nothing, nowhere.
3215 Peralta.
Yeah, sure.
According to our machine, he is, but he has nothing with him.
Sure. They don't know nothing. They've never seen what really happens out there. Nothing.
Nothing. They don't know nothing.
They don't know nothing. They don't know nothing.
Well, we're in the first seat.
Calvary faced the raging maniac and questioned him.
What?
So they got into the truck and we go down this career-related highway.
And all of a sudden, dun-dun-dun, there's this curve.
Hey, Bill, it's been a field now.
And a field up to the side.
Well, I'm a little down the window.
All right, 7-0.
Nobody's really sure what happened that day.
All we know is the tape of the old man and Douglas Walvo's last media act.
Oh, no, that's okay.
Hey, dear friends.
Friends.
Yeah, that older cat talking, that was Brother Dave Gardner.
I grew up with my dad playing those old so-called comedy records,
and Reverend Shimon kind of gave me a tape of him.
I hadn't heard him since I was a kid,
and I had no idea what a beatnik the guy was.
God, I caught.
Stuff this time that I never would have as a child,
and it's a good thing I didn't,
but what the heck, you know, you will this time,
and we'll all be in big trouble.
Brother Dave, sort of the pre-Jayner device,
was the commercial Jayner device,
and tonight's show, in fact,
stars Brother Dave Gardner and Jayner Hyperclete
and Puzzling Evidence and the howlingly hilarious
.com.
I'm going to be playing a little bit of Dr. Howl here.
Heard in the background on his harmonica.
And because Jayner was on the KPFA subgenius show in Berkeley,
we'll be playing that Pacifica broadcast from many months ago, actually,
but boy, it kicks.
It's real good.
And won't teach you a thing about the Church of the Subgenius.
If you're a first-time listener, boy,
I feel for you.
I pity you.
Oh, how I pity you.
But we'll also have Papa Joe Mama
giving a good subgenius sermon coming up.
So it's kind of an interspersed bit of a thing here.
Oh, before I go too much farther into it and forget,
I should mention that next week's show
is going to be sort of a confusing,
I was going to say a special event,
but it'll be an even more confusing event
because it's going to be broadcast live
from CBC.
It's going to be at the Schooner's Bar
at Live Oak and Skillman.
I'm not sure why,
but KNON that night from 9 o'clock on
for American Music Party also
will be broadcasting from that bar.
Now, theoretically, I can flop tapes in there,
but I think we'll probably be live on the mic
just sort of blabbering
while this blues festival
happens,
which isn't mic'd.
So you'll just hear this music,
and you'll hear this music in the background.
Fortunately, Pope Sternodocs Keckhaver
of the famous band Doctors for Bob
will be down here from Little Rock,
and actually we'll all go to Austin
and then come back here during the show,
taking the club with us.
And so, you know, in that much time,
we'll be able to invent two or three new religions
besides the new ones that are going to be mentioned
on this show.
So it's going to be even harder to keep up with,
but you'll just love it.
If you don't,
let us know.
We'll laugh at you
here at 823-7490
in Dallas, Texas.
Area code 214
for you folks out of town.
Hey, wait a minute.
Will, what are you doing?
What are they doing?
Why aren't they charging?
There's no way to charge.
No!
Out of place!
Out of place!
Out of place!
Out of place!
Out of place!
Out of place!
Out of place!
Out of place!
Out of place!
Out of place!
Out of place!

Out of place!
Well, I mean, it's good
because, I mean, there's a lot of things.
These investigating committees,
they're all investigating somebody
because they ain't got time
to investigate their own self.
That's right.
I mean, this is a...
Sitting investigating committee shows on TV
is just like another type quiz show.
Only difference is
if a contestant answers a question right,
beloved, he loses.
That's right.
But when they get through investigating everybody,
then you know what?
we ought to do and what i think we're gonna do we're gonna investigate them that's right that's
right find out how they can spend a hundred thousand dollars to get a little old job that
pays 22 500 a year see who they gonna get even with like them folks out in california
this tape has been sitting on my desk for months now so i think it's probably time to get this to
you we're here in the puzzling evidence compound on patrol i like to patrol with the men because
it gives them a feeling of confidence as if i know what i was doing and that i know what's going on
it's not a good idea for a commander to show up
yeah all right
i'm sorry mr mrs smith if you could see your son now he'd be sorry
maybe sorry you ever let him keep those comic books
that first bros paperback was your
mistake products should have been in the fire had a kid read science fiction there goes a whole
brain you might as well just chop off your body throw it away doby gillis on one side and arthur
clark and the other won't want to get a job yes
gratitude is riches and complaint is poverty and the worst i ever had was wonderful
now here's another one uh some folks though they're so vain and arrogant and ignorant
you know that they will go and not speak to their fellow brother and sister humans
that's right friends that's right and yet they carry on endless conversation with canines
talk to them dogs say come here boy
well the reason they love dog yeah you know why you know why they love them old dogs that's why
man's best friends because he won't tell on them. Anyhow, somebody say, well, don't you have to
watch what you say? I said, no, I just watch what I think. Somebody say, well, what is success?
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
And somebody said, ain't you ever heard the expression? Somebody said, well, let's do this
again. Now, how are you going to do that? Again. You can't do anything again, brother.
Once it's done, it's gone, man. You can do something similar.
Oh, there you go. Hallelujah. Listen, don't you know that a diamond ain't nothing but a piece of
coal that's stuck with it? Celestials, others,
brothers, children of light, you, you who have dwelt in other dimensions,
and you who now are in the twilight zone, the zone between the zone between the zone.
Now, that's weird, and that's a good place to dwell.
Lo, I know that every night's a Saturday night and every day's a Sunday.
I know I've been wrong, but I want to try it one more time.
Just one more time, that's all. I mean, a lot of folks,
try it one time, quit. Now then, I mean, that's good. That's good. It's better to have tried it
once and to never have it all. That's something to think about. Of course, I don't encourage
everybody to smoke. He said, by the way, he said, what's your smoke? He said, I ain't asking you
none of yours. He said, no, sir. Sir, what's your cigarette? He said, well, for your information,
it's a filter tip. Pick you.
He said, well, would you advise everyone to smoke filtered tip pick-a-yoons? And he says, yes.
That's where the first seeds of fanaticism are started, beloved.
Somebody completely hung up on a concept before they've exploited the possibilities of the others
having anything to offer. Way of that. I mean, there's all kinds of things you can do, though,
to rejoice and reach the other dimension. No, I mean, we got the cause going good. But of course,
I, I,
I believe in the causeless cause, see? You know, I mean the dimension of the great stroke.
Just like, do you think the George Washington's monument looks anything like George?
Well, I still say, if it wasn't for Thomas Edison, we'd all be sitting around watching
the television with candlelight. When them cavemen's are sitting in that cave beating on
them rocks, they said, we ain't gonna never have radio. This here is space music, and it's known
from another time. It's called the space music. It's a music that's been used for a long time.
It's a music that's been used for a long time. It's called the dimension of sound that is hung up in the round,
which is not bound. James Lewis, get away from that wheelbarrow, say? You know you doesn't know
nothing about machinery.
Now, friends, get ready for the first true doctor music. I, I think this album probably dates from
the early 60s, and, uh, I mean,
help me explain this guy if you can.
That's how you live with your attention.
Oh,
that was with you on the floor.
зап
I ever see,
glory,
in black heads.
has left Rub-a-loo
Yes, I know that you my girl
Do you have a date Wel?
You do
but it don't make no difference.
I mean, you know, if you're worried or disturbed about anything,
just sit down and groove and wait until the thought comes to you and pause.
Yes, because I mean the greatest thing in the world, really, I mean besides that.
The greatest thing in the world is the silence.
Yes.
And once you can hear that, then everything else is wild.
I mean, you can just pick up on sounds like you ain't never heard before.
But I'm a fanatic without a cause.
That's right, I done figured it out, man.
I done figured it out.
That's right.
I'm a fanatic without a cause, and I believe in it.
Don't you know this one lady, she done got up in the morning,
she done cleaned up her chilling, she done sent them off to school,
she done cleaned up the house four times,
she done watched Queen for a day three times,
she done washed everything else,
she done washed the cat on there with dash and the washing machine,
and she's washed the whole thing, got the stereo going, the TV going,
the high-five blasting, got the air conditioner on,
and now done cut the lawn four times,
and now...
And this neighbor next door ain't even got her kids off to school
and looks over there and said,
she's on dope.
I'm telling you, friends.
Hello, friends, and welcome.
Friends, I've been hearing a lot of murmuring of late,
complaints, if you will, allegations and accusations
that the church has been slacking,
slacking off a lot lately.
That's right, friends.
There are those among us now who have suggested
we've been slacking off too much.
Well, friends, my answer to that is quite simple.
I want you to look to the person to the left of you
and to the person to the right of you,
and at the end of your life,
I promise that one of them people's going to be dead.
That's right, friends, dead as a doornail.
And you know why, dear friends?
Because they were too busy working,
worrying about how much slack the church had
instead of how much slack they had.
It's true.
And you know what's even more disturbing than that, friends?
You won't even know what really killed them
because the conspiracy revisionists
would have already covered up the facts.
Not only does the conspiracy steal away your slack,
but they deny slack ever existed.
Moreover, they deny anyone ever wanted slack.
Ha, ha, ha.
Hard to believe, isn't it?
And yet most folks do believe
whatever the conspiracy revisionists force feed
and cram down their throats.
The lies, the distortions, the grand deceptions,
the conversion of truth into that intricate web of delusion,
which brings us to the topic of tonight's sermon, friends.
The new and improved revisionist bull
It all begins in their mandatory attended brain control schools
where they form those young impressionable minds.
No doubt, many here today have already fallen for one or more
of their revamped versions of how history really happened.
My favorite one is the new and improved history of the Civil War.
Fought over slavery, right?
Right.
Wrong.
It was fought over slack.
Bet you didn't know that.
Oh, sure, the facts are still out there.
If you do some of the digging, you might just happen to stumble across them
once in a while and maybe even understand.
If you're a doctoral candidate in Civil War agricultural,
maybe you'll notice that while the South exported cotton by the baleful,
it grew hemp by the ton.
And we all know what hemp really is, don't we?
Sure, it's frock.
But what happened to all this frock, alias hemp, friends?
We know the South grew it.
We know the South harvested it.
We even know the South used bales of it as shields to roll toward Yankee fortifications
while under fire.
Nice symbol, huh?
But do they ever tell us why the South bothered to manufacture all these tons of slack-producing
herbs in the first place?
Do they, huh?
Do they?
Certainly it wasn't the smoke.
Oh, no.
Remember, nobody needs slack.
That's only a myth, friends.
They grew all this hemp to, uh, uh, make rope.
Yeah, yeah, that's a ticket to hang all those Negro slaves.
Sure.
And that's really why Honest Abe invaded the South and raved pillage and destroyed the


other half of his constituency.
It wasn't, I repeat, was not to destroy the frock-producing empire of the Northern Hemisphere.
If they wanted to do that, they would have burned fields and carved a pathway through
Atlanta to the sea.
Right, General Sherman?
Right.
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
Know what I mean?
Sure.
Now, if the revisionists can make the masses believe that, which happens right here in
the United States, think what else they can pull the wool over on the local yokels.
Hell, why not try to fool the entire world?
We'll tell them that's why they're here.
Why they invaded Germany and bombed Japan to radioactive death.
Now, just a footnote here, friends.
Father Jomama is not saying the Holocaust never happened.
That statement is illegal, especially in Germany.
You can be arrested for publicizing that fact.
Only the conspiracy revisionists are authorized to manipulate history.
So I'm not saying that, friends.
What I'm saying is that the Holocaust and the nuking of Japan were Jewish and Japanese
attempts at mass suicide.
Bet you didn't know that, did you, huh?
Hitler was a Jew and was just carrying out orders.
Jews and Japs were deprived of so much slack, they finally said, screw it.
Either give us slack or give us death.
And I'll give you three guesses which option the conspiracy chose to impose.
Oh, you think suicide is severe, do you?
Well, I agree.
But slackness is more severe.
It drives people to suicide in a souped-up sedan.
Why do you think Reverend Jones and his flock moved to Central America and set up Jonestown?
It was to get closer to froth.
And when the conspiracy set officials down to interfere, the whole congregation snuffed
it.
Bet you didn't know that either, huh?
The Jonestown Massacre was really committed by desperate people in search of slack.
Why do you think they used Kool-Aid anyway?
It was a statement.
They needed aid in being cool.
And that, my friends, is where J.R. Bob Dobbs steps in.
Yes, friends, it was J.R. Bob Dobbs that proved to the world that although you can take slack
away from the subgenius, you can never take the subgenius away from slack.
Bob shows us how to manufacture our very own slack.
Sure, they can separate the church and state.
But they can never separate the subgenius from state of mind.
You don't have to have froth to have slack any more than you have to have a partner to
have sex.
It just helps, that's all.
Suicide's out.
Slack's in.
Just say no to thugs.
Stop sniffing those lines and start reading them between them.
Don't blink.
Think.
Quit your job for Bob.
Say yes to dress.
Hit the dirt with a skirt.
Do it now with a cow if she's big then dig.
Time you enjoy wasting, friends, isn't wasted time.
Words to Live By by J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Just imagine what a beautiful place this could have been if they'd only listened to
him in the first place.
No Civil War friends, no World War friends, and Kool-Aid would never have had to pack
as much punch.
Uh!
Praise Bob, I'm in.
Yeah, no kidding.
Uh, thank you, Papa Joe Mama.
Papa, Papa, Papa Joe Mama.
However, I should step back.
I'm going to go get some food.


I'm going to go get some food.
Uh, Papa Joe Mama is actually a relatively new subgenius doctor.
That is, uh, those who make the tapes and picture books and such like.
And, uh, he, I guess he had not been reading his pre-scriptures real close because he said
something that was doctrinally very incorrect, um, in that he was, uh, equating, uh, Habifrop
Zipulops, the best of the best, uh, of the best of the best, uh, of the best of the best,


uh, Marifazalupina, the, the Tibetan herb with the common hemp plant grown in this country,
uh, especially, uh, heavily during the Civil War.
And, uh, they're not the same plants.
Um, uh, one is actually illegal nowadays, I believe.
And the other, I forget there's some slang name for it, but, but Frop is not, uh, the
com, um, it doesn't grow in America at all.
So don't even try it.
Well, actually.
Okay.
You maybe could at the top of Mount Sha, Shasta, if you were able to get hold of some, uh,
Yeti or Bigfoot droppings, Sasquatch droppings.
That's the only thing it'll grow on.
That and the grave of a holy man.
So if you can find some, some old Indian medicine man's grave and the Sasquatch droppings and
some unsmoked Frop seeds, and you can grow your own Frop and so forth and nobody do anything
about it.
Uh, you'll never come down.
But that's understood.
I think we all understand that.
Well, the rest of the show friends, we'll, uh, we're going to have to pack up and get
out of here and go to Berkeley real quick.
They came from New York, New York, the big apple.
And they came from Berkeley.
Yoruba, Borinquenios, Piel Color, Cafe Oscuro.
You better be careful.


If anyone's here from New York, uh, there's a large garbage truck parked, uh, partially
blocking the entrance of the studio.
We'd appreciate it if they would move this vehicle or it will be dynamited.
Thank you.
Gosh, there's also a tow truck parked out here.
Who's going to tow that?
Yeah, that horrible ugly tow in the back of it must belong to some huge, squinted giant.
Maybe a Yarn Man.
Well, that's it.













Well, this is a great evening, ladies and gentlemen.
The hit of bad music here early in the morning on this show.
Oh, and bad music is just the start of our cavalcade, our kaleidoscopic cornucopia of
crazy, wacky, goofy, wild subgenius fun.
We're ready to shovel.
We're trying to get us out of here, right?
Oh, oh, oh, yes, uh, right.
We haven't done yet.
They're, uh, moving the rubber dummy into place, ladies and gentlemen.
Talking about this show, we're just, yeah, this old show, just drive it away.
You drive it, you park it.
And guess where?
Ha ha.
Are you shocker-living-gee out of the show?

Oh, ho, ho, ho, ho, hey, easy for that.
I'm sorry.
And of course, as we've told our many rabid listeners, we actually have Jayner Hyperkleets
here tonight to sound the soundings of...
Oh, come on, you're exaggerating now, aren't you?
No, no, not a bit, I...
No, no, it's, it's real and neat and keen and all that stuff.
It's unbelievable.
I don't think he exists in the flesh.
I think it's just a...
It's a theory.
A myth.
Okay, all you kids out there, if you believe in Jayner, I want you all to clap your hands
and wiggle your hands.


We'll all be furious at the same time.
And then maybe, just maybe, he won't kill you.
You nailed the wall by enemy fascist troops arriving in your town by 5 a.m.
And that's past pay and core, I'm afraid, as the riot troops move in.
Hey, the riot troops did move in on Telegraph Avenue just a few hours ago, apparently.
There was an enormous confrontation up there that started after a movie on People's Park.
Yeah.
And then a cop-out?
A giant cop-out came down on the people's heads and made them face the 60s.
But apparently, it was the reverse of the 60s.
I just talked to somebody outside the station before coming in.
Yeah, they beat up the cops, right?
No, they, instead of trashing the bad stores and leaving the good, they did the reverse.
Well, that's, uh, peculiar.
Things have changed.
The cops are putting flowers in the guns of the hippies.
Yes, it's a kinder, gentler area.
Everything is backwards.
I don't feel so good in Berkeley no more.
Yeah, it feels kind of itchy and licey.

I don't know what's been smitten around here.
You know, we're just, we're trying to move the show into position here so we can, uh,
play the really funny parts.
Yeah, but those drivers just don't seem to be paying any attention.
They're just passing the show, and we've had our thumb out, or rather this toe that we
got out of the garbage truck for a long time, and nobody's even stopping.
Uh, is it, is it true that we're, that we're possibly gonna have a, uh, an episode of,
uh, Janer's Crack House?
Oh, we, we can only hope.
I believe so.
It's scheduled for later on in the programming.
Well, what about, uh, the Morton Downey Janer Show?
And, uh, the Morton Downey Janer Show?
And now the Morton Downey Janer Show.
Well, I, somebody captured that guy and, uh, they drew a backwards bob head on his face
and they cut off part of his mustache, uh, while he was in the bathroom, but he's still
gonna broadcast in the future.
I zip it, pal.
I have the Ziploc philosophy of Morbid Downer Jr.
And, uh, you can participate if you give us a call at 848-4425.
That's 848-4425.
Our topic, our topic tonight is the extermination of normalcy in 1998.
My, that is topical.
That's a pretty big goal.
Oh, my.
Methods, methods of torture, methods of efficiency.
Well, like, like what methods of torture?
How, how could you torture the normals in the 80s?
How uncool.
Now, there's, there's been a lot of, uh, of more liberal subgeniuses talking about, uh,
paper cutting the normals to death, right?
Very, very popular.
Suckin' shit.
They're a sport here in the city.
Yeah, we're gonna move on those liberals, man.
Of course, some of us real people would rather see them carpet burned to death.
Yeah, yeah.
Drag them around the 16th floor a couple times.
Yeah, especially the ones with the shag carpet, man.
Make them go up and down on those high-speed elevators too many times.
Yeah, yeah.
Make them listen to elevator music till it's coming out of their, their e-hole.
You know what I mean?
No.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Don't think the young ladies agree with you, Reverend Howler.
They seem to be happy.
Well, I have a large following among the dish staff set down here at the Reverend Howell
Outreach Ministries.
Uh, I try to reach out to the young people in the ghetto and, uh, this is a star-studded
Hollywood, uh, extravaganza.
We're gonna have Vicki Lester and Norman Maine.
Always stars.
And the great Waldo Littiker will, uh, say a few words for our studio microphone.
Ladies and gentlemen, the next voice you hear will be the hyper-hyper-clesian himself, Jane
Orr the Great.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, come on.
He, he's not really on here, is he?
I mean, I'm sure you would have Jane Orr hyper-cleans up here just talking to him.
Come on, man.
The lights are shining and the piano is playing and the fanfare is cute.
I mean, if Jane Orr hyper-cleans was, if, if hyper-cleans was up here, he would have
said something by now.
I mean, he wouldn't have, he wouldn't have dared like this.


But listen, they don't know this is radio.
They can't see it.
Oh, damn.
All right.
They'd probably just be talking about something that didn't make any sense.
They'd just be watching Channel X thinking they could see us.
All right, you got it.
You got me over a thousand times.
But really, no, let's pretend, let's just pretend the guy came on the show.
I mean, if he were here, he'd probably just be ranting on and on, talking about Skull
Farmers and 90-inch Worm Comics number 23 and the thing that has 7-Eleven for comic.
Well, I guess we can't fool the public any longer.
For head comic.
It's actually Bucknick.
It's a boyfriend show approved by Dobbs in over 27 committee hearings.
But I really doubt it.

I'll zip it, pal.
Hey, who are you talking to?
Hey, look at the way he zips that thing.
That's pretty neat.
Yeah, I wish he would keep it zipped.
It's unsightly in the control room.
I know they tell these young folks to let it all hang out these days, but you got to
draw the line somewhere.
And I know just where I'd draw it.
Wow.
With my blue makeup pencil.
What a neat drawing.
Yeah, it's not a large area to draw in, but as you can see, this represents the onions
and on the other side represents the heels.
And this is the big battle that took place between them millions of years ago.
Oh, yeah.
And they all zip it, pal, forces.
Yeah, yeah.
And these zipper scars are not part of the drawing, but I kind of made them part of the
drawing.
Put a lid on it, Buster.
Artistic.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, here's the lid.
It's a nine inch lid, of course.
Throw a towel over it.
Oh, here's the towel.
Check.
I've got so many requests here.
Put a lid on the zipper, pal.
A lid, a towel, and a zipper.
How much is a lid these days, man?
That's about the same as a towel or a zipper.
Yes, it was different back in the days of Walter Parks Thatcher and Charles Foster Kane.
Then a dollar was a dollar and you wore a suit.

A hat, a hat, a hat, a hat, a hat.








I'm a big fan of the old Riff Raff stand-up collar.
There were no TV sets, only Barber Shop Mortgage.
Old Riff Raff gets caught in his cup sometimes.
This younger generation, they know nothing of the agony they went through back in early
days of subgenius movement.
Then millions of prostitutes—
They are moving at incredible speed.
Spent on maintaining the subgenius image.
8484425.
So anyway, I said to the guy, he goes up to the Jewish guy, he goes up to the black guy, he goes up to the yellow and green guy, he goes up to the triangular guy, he goes up to the beige guy, he goes up to the striped guy.
Suddenly, the menorah was struck in two and rose into the sky.
Wow!
And assaulted the triangular and the green guy, but not the others.
Nobody knew why.
Did you hear the one about the comedian who got up on stage and told a joke and the audience laughed?
No, come on, I'm serious.
No, really, what happened?
Well, I can't remember the punchline, but I've got 20 more, just as funny.
I don't want any more punch. I've had too much bad coffee. Enough to last me an entire week.
Yeah, we'll just fire the 20mm right at this radio show targets right off the cross the street.
Here comes Bob.
Oh, there he went. He's very fast.
Especially when you've got these tracers chasing him.
Yeah, that's an M200R.
Did you hear the one about the three guys on the radio show talking about a bunch of stuff that didn't make any sense?
No, come on, I'm serious.
No, really.
No, people don't do that on the radio here.
That couldn't happen here in America.
Why, this is the third coast.
I shouldn't have said it.
Okay, well, I'll tell ya.
So anyway, the one guy comes up and says,
Yell?
He says, yell.
And then what did the other guy say?
So how did you find California?
I want to show somebody your pornographic, porny, pornographic...
I just went down to the couch and there it was.
Banner.
I'm Ron Kern at Albuquerque.
Now it's time for the major.
The major caller, that is.
Major caller.
Major disaster area coming in focus.
And this major caller will tell us the minor details about his extensive prevails in trying to reach the subgenius program.
There actually are people listening to this.
They are, as you can see by that little blinking light down there at the bottom of the caller well.
Did you hear the one about the guy that called the show?
Yeah, I heard that.
We will.
We're fixing it.
Here we go.
There's no punchline.
Okay, little squinty caller, what's on your mind?
No, don't tell them about the third coast.
Don't tell them about the third coast.
You know where the third coast is, right?
It's not here.
I mean, I made a bad mistake by saying that.
No, the third coast is in Dallas, Texas.
Hey, turn down those sound effects.
You're blistering my ear bones.
Jesus, clear the files.
Hang on.
Sorry, I'm not here for that.
And guess what?
You are our third caller.
You don't win two tickets to the January Hyperfeet's Comedy Show.
Oh, no.
Already.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
You're bummed out.
Okay, I'll hang up now.
Bye.
What's your favorite radio station, son?
Oh, mine?
Go on, speak up.
You're talking to the hyperflesian himself.
Oh, Jesus.
Not Jesus.
This is the one I get when I come over there.
That's another radio station.
Don't treat me differently from any other living God.
Come on, baby.
That's the program that comes after you can talk to Jesus on Emmett Powell's show.
This is the January.
That's right, Emmett Powell.
Yes, that's right.





Excuse me, I'm not saying that.
Deities lost and found.
Look, we've got bottom dollar on deities.
What do you want?
And his evil Twitter.
$25 down.
Dammit, Powell.
January Hyperfeet's words.
They're scary.
Sentences as funny as this one, approved by Dobbs.
No, I'm serious.
No.
Now, come on.
Now, it's my pass.
That's all I can think.
I saw Bob.
Well, here on this show.
Did you go to the January Show?
No, I don't think so.
How was it?
No, no, I didn't make it.
That was probably the best thing to do.

What's the matter with you?
What's the matter with the quality of colors we have?
Was it Jaina's outhouse or Jaina's crack house? I can't figure it out.
Huh?
Come on, be a little more focused on the uptake than that.
Uh oh. See, he thought we were kidding.
People always think we're joking about this serious, serious show.
Did you hear the one about the comedian that told a joke that started out?
Did you hear the one about the comedian that told a joke that started out?
Did you hear the one about the comedian that told, well...
Okay, really, what?
We're going to do that joke in just a moment on our endless comedy loop.
But first, we'll give our sleazy seminar in how to deal with difficult people.
And work on the job anywhere.
You know, how is California?
It must be a lot stranger out here than it is in, well, where?
Yeah, California's stranger in California than it is in Arkansas.
Yeah, that's for sure.
Yeah, I'm sure an Arkansas-villager
just couldn't possibly hack it out here in California.
He'd have to use a jigsaw or maybe a skill saw.
Well, I'm thinking about taking some back with me to see, you know, how it is in other states.
The Arkansas skill saw massacre.
Yeah.
Who will survive?
I was there.
Oh, I mean, who will survive?
Who will put them back together?
Who won't?
Or the Arkansas jigsaw massacre?
How about the Texas chainsaw manicure?
Oh, that's only for the digital ones.
And we did that already. And it didn't really sell.
You're soaking in it.
Oh, my God. Oh, no.
Is this Mr.
This is Phineas.
This is just the caller's way, okay?
This is Phineas.
Almost a card-carrying, subgenius narco calling.
You can tell by the darting eyes and fidgeting fingers at this caller that he's actually lying.
Central Arkansas redneck blood. Yes, you're soaking in it.
Yes, esoteric redneck humor is the name of the game.
It is you, yes. It looks you.
It's you.
As long as it's valid, we can do it here in the state.
Approved by me.
Well, it was certainly nice getting a call from Mr. Robbins, you know, other than the other way around.
It's usually when I usually call up you guys and bounce you out of bed in the morning.
Yeah, thanks.
Well, I had to do it because some...
Oh, I know. But see, they have the wrong show, see?
I was talking about the Hyper-Cleveon show.
A typical hyper-attenuated mix-up.
Yeah, well, how was the show anyway?
Well, we missed it, too.
I don't know. We're trying to find out right now.
It was marvelous.
Not our show, the Jayner Show.
That's right.
One of the greatest things that ever happened anywhere.
So when's it gonna happen again?
And you missed it. It'll never happen again.
Well, you'll have to go up to Seattle next Thursday night.
Oh, no.
That's right. If you can go up to Seattle, you can still catch it.
You can catch the tattered ragged...
Chase it all around the country.
...Jayner Show.
Yeah, you're just like all the other Jayner heads that just follow Jayner all over the country.
And I'll just replay those excerpts on the video table.
They buy the shirts and then they...
Try to concentrate upon your...
...fertilize the fields and it just goes on and on.
...and the pure bright white light of stupidity.
And maybe you will find in yourself the depth of dishonesty which made you miss the Jayner Show in the first place.
Well...
Yeah, so there.
It wasn't listed, you know. There's not...
Oh, that's true. You gotta read the pink section.
You gotta show it in the addresses. You gotta tell where it's going to be.
Well, we did tell you sometime.
We've been talking about it.
But you weren't paying me after we...
So did they have a lot of people show up or what?
Oh, it was packed.
Oh, goody.
Probably not any people, but we had about 70 yetis.
Oh, goody.
What kind of drinks did they order?
There was a no-host bar and a no-parasite bar on the other side.
Look, pal, we're not trying to say it was the ultimate.
We're not trying to say it was the answer to all reality.
We're not trying to say that it was just...
If you had been there, you would have just started astrally projecting and...
...and you would have just been surrounded by...
...by buckets of naked women and free money or...
We're not trying to say that.
That it would have just been the ultimate...
Well, what are you trying to say?
...ecstasy.
Damn straight.
We're just trying to say that...
...that we're not trying to say that...
...that you could have walked in bare feet with mud between your toes.
We're not trying to say that...
Or you could have walked in in human feet with blood.
...you would have been working in an office if you hadn't been there earlier.
We're not trying to say that...
...if you had walked on your head with your ears upside down...
...hearing the one about the comedian that told a joke that didn't make any sense.
We're not trying to say that.
It's too overwhelming. It's just too...
Yes, the multi-signal of this show.
It's still over your head, pal.
Look out, Tramp.
We had a good production of Jesus Christ.
Why do we get stuck down here by Channel 2?
...yesterday's show.
We're not trying to say that we're not trying to say all this.
Oh, okay. I thought they were.
In fact, we're succeeding in saying that.
Money is to put in large piles and set a fire.
Yes.
But it will be received by our infrasonic, jujitsu-trained, inner-sewer starfish, and you will be saved.
I don't think the people don't care about that.
They just want to see that money leave their wallet.
That's what they really want to see.
Once it leaves, they don't care.
This tour is what I call me-aid.
It's coming together of people...
How many cities have you been to so far, and how many are you going to go to?
Well, I just finished a tour of the Rings of Saturn.
London, Paris, Rome, Vienna, Moscow.
Earlier...
A grand tour.
If they could take a three-dimensional rendering of the Rings of Saturn and play it on a record player, what would it sound like?
It would sound like this show, young man.
Uh-oh.
That's what you're listening to.
I like the Lock and Ship XM soundtrack or something like that.
You're soaking in it.
Just what do you think you're listening to anyway?
The Rings of Saturn?
The Rings of Saturn?
You're soaking in them.
Welcome to Chapter 7 of the Onion Rings of Saturn.
No, that...
A thrilling rocket junkie serial.
They're actually the Seven Rings of Hell.
Yes, and each ring is louder and larger than the one inside it.

No, but I believe the day before tomorrow I'm supposed to be appearing on the KPFA show, so you might want to listen to that.
Or when is it?
When it happens.
What?
It's the day after yesterday, I believe.
It's end-wise to the Witchness of the Watchers, so you might say...

I'm not sure how this works.
We'll have to plug it in and see.
Or if it works.
Initiate torture sequence.
Okay, now we're flying high over the moon.
And a week, week ago, three weeks before last Saturday, two days later, I think I'm
supposed to be appearing...
A button pushed on your little collar face.
Somewhere in Macomb, Mississippi.
Fly away from the planet backwards.
And why is this?
I have this IPPI.
Jane is in the detention room going over some kind of Macomb, Georgia or Alabama or
Mississippi.
Lock D.













I'm going to be...
A gathering that he attended once.
Yes, and it apparently shocked the living ghee out of him, according to our roving correspondents.
Rises from the grave for a man...
Here's a micro sub-analysis of that ghee now.
It seems to be composed of 28 parts lithium to 9 parts bahuri butter from the forests
of northern India.
Yum.
Here comes the rock, straight for your leg.
Now, what are you going to do?
Sounds delicious.
Yes, that big buzzard away from me.
I'm going to be...


I'm going to be...
I'm going to be...
Well, that's no buzzard.
That was my wife.
No, I'm serious.
Come on.
No, really, really.
Take my life.
Rockin' Robin's Rock's Nest.
Take my life, please.
No, come on.
I'm serious.
Rocket away.
Rocket away.
Rocket away.
Rocket away.
The rings of Saturn...
We can't rocket no more because we've done lost that Rocket Away record.
The rings of Saturn were the elusive gold, and the shuttle cargo bay was secured.
Okay, caller, if you're so smart, what makes those rings of Saturn ring around that...
You're our third caller.
You've got two free tickets to the Bon Jovi concert.
What's that?
I haven't been getting little for a year.
I can just boot Person 2 out and try to go down the 해�公ン煮 with...
I don't know if he deserved a recent weld.

Come in there.



I'm not eating rice afterwards.
Shut up.
Bright red TV dice을
昨 rests hereade
Oh, I was so good.
You're so noisy that I can't do that anymore.
What? Oh, friends, this is lesson number three in radio professionalism.
Get the mic down real close so they can hear as the cassette is punched out.
Hear that? Sliding out of its little coffin.
Flip it over, drop it in, shut the gate.
And you've got a whole new life.
Still, if life, if we can still listen more.
Here is instruction number four in church radio repair while doing a show.
Well, it's a good thing that we won't need this microphone for much of this show, dear friend,
because apparently we've just about destroyed it by...
We've sacrificed this microphone so that you, you, the listener, will know just what's going on.
Does that still sound... Yeah, listen.
Here, I'm going to give you a real solid tone and we'll all listen as I wiggle the tiny wires going into the microphone.
Oh, that's neat stereo.
Okay. No.
Quit it!
I'm hit.
Hitting the mic often works.
Yeah, cool sounds, baby.
Hey.
Oh, we're doctors.
Boy, this is definitely one of the less controlled shows, obviously.
We're out of any normal human control.
Well, that's easily fixed by going to tape.
Yeah.
See that little jellyfish?
This就 реально不可以 visitors.
We're going to be cautious with a fitting glass for some reason.
Of course, we've already gone in all healthy.
빠�âl Tyre not going to give a check.
How dare you need蔬菜?
Bye, everybody.
Bye, bye.
Puzzle and a million
Heart in your heart
Heart in your heart
Puzzle and a million
Heart in your heart
Another news bulletin here.
Apparently the two sub-doctors are still reported lost
in the vast trackless waste of the Joranada del Muerte desert.
We're hoping that sheriff's deputies searching the area by helicopter
and performing aerial surveillance will be able to report the location
of the two missing sub-geniuses in time for the sub-genius radio broadcast.
While Republicans are very stupid,
even more disreputable are the insiders,
the gossip-mongering networkers,
the voluble populists,
the opportunists,
and socialists.
We're supposed to be talking about the Jaina show.
We don't give a damn about anybody but ourselves.
We're talking about simple things like politics.
You're talking about the inner ring.
The inner ring of Saturn.
I hope they didn't wear that to the show.
That's right, the insiders.
Okay, now we're hoisting the inner ring up the halyards.
Look at it go!
Shaving heads all in a row like foul spark plugs in an over-hated V8.
You can forget about these extremists.

What do you mean he hates V8s?
It's silly.
The music was so loud at Jaina concert, my ears are still ring of Saturn-ing.
I'm aware that dogs need to be taken care of.
My brain is no longer the boss.
Yes, that happens sometimes.
Okay, now we're going to take the chainsaw here.
My mind just kind of walked off.
Look at that, he's bangled.
He's sawing through the rings of Saturn.
He's destroying one of the most beautiful sights in the universe.
No, not right through my arm.
No, you're not.
Ah, this wasn't in the script!
You clumsy fool.
Then the show really began.
It helped keep your finger on the script.
Now you can hear the brain breaking.
Where was I?
Right here, right here.
I can't remember my lines and this is improv.
Right here under glanscaping and acu-
beating, it's page two.
Oh, this is the improv part?
Is this a comma or a period? I can't read this.
This is a periodic comma.
It's got a bad mimeograph.
Periodically slips into a comma.
Okay, now I'm going to go get a mimeograph, a better one.
Only about the size of a period on a sheet of eight and a half by eleven paper.
Okay, here's the storage file.
Jaina's put the Jaina show in there.
Jaina outhouse. What's a toilet doing outhouse?
This is a modernized automated outhouse, an up-to-date model of cleaning personal details.
You almost call it an in-house outhouse.
Once they're in the house, once they pay the money to see the show, then they're in the house.
The in-house publication called the Journal of Top Genius Sanitary Science.
Audience is in-house, they call it.
If you want my mouth, you'll have to pry it.
Okay, we're going to pry it from the face.
Let's get that face pried out of here, huh?
You don't know how to operate your mouth.
Come on, Doug, I was just kidding.
No, no, I'm sorry.
He cut himself limb from limb.
Okay, now we'll get to work on the lawnmower.
We're going to start on the KPFA lawnmower.
Very clever.
Cut it out, Doug.
Oh, sorry, I'll cut it out and leave it here by the road.
Come on.
I didn't mean that seriously.
My God!
Come on, it doesn't hurt that much.
You got one of them chainsaws?
This hurts for a minute.
I won't kill you that much.
You know what they say.
We'll only kill you once.
Organic reagent, it's boiling over.
We'll only cut off four of your limbs, not five.
You're having a chemical accident, ladies and gentlemen.
It's just like being killed a little bit.
Take a little bit off the tire.
It's not really too bad.
The sideburns the way they are.
Okay, we'll just start in on the top here.
Take a little bit off the top.
The arm, I won't say up to the elbow.
Okay, all right.
Oh, he ran out of fuel.
Don't cut the arm.
I'm going to go get some gas.
Don't cut the arm up to the shoulder.
People will be calling him a nerd.
The shoulder-length arms are just no longer in fashion.
The elbow-length arms are kind of the hip thing.
Okay, will you guys steer the show for a minute?
I'm going to go get some of that rocket fuel they speak so highly of.
Oh, boy, rocket fuel, wow.
You know, we're not pikers here on the show.
You hear about extremists and other cults, skinheads.
Well, in the subgenius religion, we have skinheads.
They don't just cut off their hair.
They cut it right down to the skull and leave a steaming, stinking, bloody mask to show
that their heart's in the right place.
That's right.
We've got brain heads.
We have neck heads.
We have shoulder heads.
In fact, I think we even have a...
We have butt neck heads.
Isn't it true that there's even like ankle heads and even soul heads?
Quit it.
Keep your hands to yourself.
I guess the soul heads are the most...
They're not extreme.
They're just the walking souls.
Yeah, walking like a giant praying mantis over my brain.
I mean, well, what if we can't think of anything to say while Doug's here?
I mean, Doug was kind of carrying the whole show.
I mean, there's just like this void.
Oh, he went out to get some of that rocket fuel, Pappy.
There's just this silence.
He went out to get some of that crap away with that crappy rocket fuel.
Pass the biscuits.
So anyway, I said to the guy, did you hear the one about the comedian who couldn't think
of anything funny to say?
No, come on.
I'm serious.
Actually, I'm not by any means a member of any...
Is this an audience from Mount Rushmore?
No, I paid money for this stuff.
Come on.
Give me a break, baby.
Come on.
We'll provide you with an entire repertoire of hilarious, wacky, subgenius gags and jokes,
if you really need it.
For example, there's a scientific medical report that's just coming through on the wire.
Let's see.
This just in.
That's right.
We're having our medical history.
From the wire.
It's important that you know your medical history.
Let's see.
This is the finding of sub-gene medical researchers studying the effects of the...







In Mexico.
...injections to the gluteus muscle.
In Mexico.
The problem they found is that most people have too much bottom.
Well, I take it, sir.
And that unless a larger needle is used, the injection probably will not reach its target,
the muscle beneath the fat.
Hey, careful with that thing.
The chainsaw is bad enough.
Oh, we're not halfway done with you yet, pal.
Oh, don't you ever sharpen that thing.
It's blunt as a baseball bat.
Zip it, pal.
I think that is a baseball bat.
The study described by Dr. Peter Cockshot...
Oh, come on.
Come on.
...and described in the latest journal, the New England Journal of...

The New England Journal of Medicine.
...the New England Journal of Medicine.
...involves 213 adults whose buttocks were scrutinized by cat scans.
I think you've said just about enough, young man.
A sophisticated form of X-ray.
Yes, I know.
They had cats scan and then score the buttocks of the victims.
Certainly, you're not trying to tell me that they cut his butt off or anything like that.
Oh, no.
I mean, they said he had to wear a dress so people couldn't tell that they cut his
butt off.
That's the most disgusting thing I ever heard in my whole life.
But can you say that again?
I think we can say just about anything at this time of night.
You can talk about just cutting some guy's butt off.
Well, you have, and we haven't been crashed down on through the ceiling by Ronald Wilson
Reagan yet.
At least three of his buns.
Well, did you prepare the rocket pool...
Family cut off two of his buns.
...forced to lie prone while cats scanned and scratched and scored their rear ends.
The subjects, the doctors decided to use huge...
And we say to ourselves, welcome back to the show.
We can see in the mirror, well, how did Jayner's outhouse tour come about anyway?
And what was the originating...
Well, it was tacking and yawing, and then it came about under a fair breeze and scutted
away across the still surface of the entertainment...
Listen, we almost scutted away across the still surface of the airwaves, dear friends.
As the tape speeded up, the show speeded to its close, except that...
Except that it hasn't.
This...
But this, right now, is a good time for us to get out of here.
I'm going to give you the sacred post office box number that you can write to...
To receive the teachings of that man...
Bob.
And...
You have your pencils ready, I'm sure, by now.
You must be used to this, week after week, sending in that postcard saying,
Bob, send me free information.
And every week getting back the same free information.
Um...
You get what you pay for, dear friends.
That address is Bob...
At post office box 140306...
Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again...
And we can really take our time on this...
It's Bob...
Bob...
At box 140306...
Dallas, Texas 75214.
So...
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
Baby, that's what I land
Yeah, what a gun
Yeah, I'm going
Baby, take your teeth out, you look divine
Baby, take your teeth out, you look divine
Baby, take your teeth out, go ahead and eat the labels
Boiling water kills germs
Mm-mm
Yeah, told you
Baby, take your teeth out, I will recline
Baby, take your teeth out, I will recline
Baby, take your teeth out, there ain't nothing left to talk about
No, no, no, no
Sorry, it's true
What?
What?
Ladies and gentlemen, please leave your sub-suggested.
We are having operating difficulties, which has necessitated a delay in the beginning of our Sunday movie.
It's a wonderful life.
No trouble.
No trouble.

No trouble.
No trouble.
No trouble.
No trouble.

This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm gonna bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
Bob?
Bob?
Ray?
Bob?
Let's begin now.
No.
Prepare yourself.
You are about to be remade into a new being through forbidden knowledge previously kept secret for centuries by the jealous priesthoods of many religions.
Follow me!
Ready?
Go!
The Soap Genius.
Our house.
Watch.
We're staying up late for her, wouldn't you say?
Definitely.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!

Who is your host?
Caught you're just scores away from me!




Uh, uh...
You know, the show we met.





Oh, uh, Iv- Ivan Stang.
Ma-ba, Ma-ba.
No, Ivan Stang.
Ma-ba.
The message has now registerd in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think that you are responsible for, you take full control
of your health and vlog.
Oh, ma-ba, ma-ba.
You didn't expect it.
Ma-ba.
Your key phrase, it will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
Dallas as best we can, dear friends.
And you can call for information on the Church of the Subgenius
by dialing in Dallas, Texas, 823-7490.
Be happy again.
Keep on smiling.
When you're smiling,
oh, we'll smile with you.
Let up your pipe, let go the smoke.
This is slack, it ain't no joke.
