Yes, yes, yes, yes. First this little edit here from Phineas Narco.
How is old Bob?
Oh, he's doing good. He sends his regards.
You know one of the best things about Bob?
What's that?
He's a smoker.
Yeah. Yeah, a frop all the way.
Hey, Bob, it's great to have you on this show again. How you doing?
Bob!
B-O-B!
But if you're on the market for just a basic, decent guy, you can't go wrong with Bob.
Bob, he's a reliable no-frills model.
Just one previous owner, she only traded him in because she wanted something a little zippier.
His name is Bob.
Bob.
Bob's great.
He comes in every day.
He's tall, dark, and handsome.
His eyes are brown.
Brown shirt.
Brown pants.
Brown belt.
How do I know?
Brown truck.
He's pretty cool.
And I think I have a crush on him.
Championship sort of.
Bob is a tireless worker.
Full of life.
Bob's a man of vision.
Dynamic person.
Bob is a people person.
He's a unique individual.
He's one of a kind.
He's a people person.
Bob is a genius.
He's an inspiration.
He's a man of the people.
I love Bob.
Bob's not a person.
He's a people person.
He's a mover and a shaker.
Bob is the leader of a generation.
Bob is a tireless worker.
Unbridled energy.
As his doctor, I know I tell him to slow down.
He won't listen.
And now I want you all to say, vote Bob.
Vote Bob.
Bob has a great vision.
And now, the subgenius hour of swag.
The subgenius hour of slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station and only in the city of.
Should any other shows be heard from or contacted in the course of this show, the listener is advised to remain calm and only contact listed or unlisted officials.
Thank you.
Thank you.












Any material from this radio or other listening device being inhaled during broadcast.
I've got a pair.
I've got a pair.
I've got a pair.
And she's got a hell of a pair.
We've got a, oh God, we've all got pairs here.
It's so nice.
But I don't have a mic.
She's got a pair with that.
We're all hooked up to the umbilicals here.
She's got a pair with that.
You'll find it.
We're all input into the board.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Do you have a real show in your hometown?
No, we had a real one.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
Okay, thank you.
There was a show crash.
There's a terrible show crash.
KPFA just ran into KNON and caused a wreck on WREK.
It's a disastrous show.
Oh, wait a minute.
But, now, which show is this?
No, the disaster was when it was still on.
I thought this was Bob's Slack Time Fun House.
You'll find that naked women.
No, no, no.
I'm on 91.1.
In Atlanta.
No, no, you're not.
This is KNON.
This is, well, there is no KNON anymore.
Hey, get your sound waves off my turf.
What is this?
Hey, your sound waves taste good with my headphones.
Hey.
Oh.
They are kind of creamy.
Your Doppler effect fell into my sound waves.
Your sound waves fell into my Doppler effect.
Oh, my continental drift is taking a toll everywhere.
Unfortunately, the doctors have to do the one thing they hate to do, share a microphone.
Yeah, especially when the other one has such terrible breath.
Oh.
And they're covered with ectoplasm.
Guess which one that is.
Yeah, you'd have to guess which doctor is on which mic.
You'd have to French kiss.
Which twin has the Tony?
You'd have to French kiss both of them like I did.
To know the difference.
And live.
Don't ask about what I had to do.
You're hurting my ears, which is what I've been doing to listeners for years.
You know, I am St. Reverend Jane or Hypercrease from Little Rock, Arkansas.
And, in fact, you missed my performance Friday night.
And I'm not going to do anything anymore at the science.
I'm going to do it at the National Relation Convention.
Of course, it would probably be just like way over your head and insult your every value system
and just totally confuse you with confusing disinformation.
Now, we don't want to confuse anyone, Jane.
No, we wouldn't want to put out any disinformation.
But how could we?
I want to get that straight in case anybody was wondering.
It's not going to be open again until tomorrow.
But, uh, and we, of course, are having the Big D Bible tonight at 10, which, you know,


you are really lucky because this is a true, old-fashioned, Bible-pounding, black-eyed, pee-eating,
swimming love corpses, music-supplied, subgenius, de-vival.
And, theoretically, Jane or Hypercrease will be there, too.
And that's an answer someone will drive him down from Little Rock.
Where's Puzzling Evidence?
Oh, he's puzzling.
Puzzling Evidence will probably be here, but he'll be in the crowd.
Okay, who called this meeting?
One of you people are Puzzling Evidence.
And one of you is the 13th.
The 13th apostle.
Could it be you?
Could be you.
Could be anybody.
Come on, give us a chance.
We never said who the first 12 were for that matter.
So, uh, you know, but that leaves that, this is the most democratic church that anybody
who spends lots of money can be that 13th apostle.
Salvation can be bought.
We have numerous 13th apostles.
What did it say on the, uh, that we're supposed to talk about?
Explain the church.
We're supposed to explain the church at this I can't even hear.
How much time do we have?
It's 25 words or less.
12 decades or, what is it, a century?
We've been doing that for 14 and a half years now.
They still haven't got it.
Still haven't finished.
No, seriously, are there any questions?
That's really the best way to start with this kind of thing.
Who do we have to kill?
Yeah, who can we kill?
We killed Bob.
Yeah, we've killed our guru.
Many, many times already.
He keeps popping back up.
Can't die.
Come on, come on, come on.
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Come on, Bob!
Get in the boat.
On an ambulance!
Wake up.
Vote Bob.
Just can't keep a good guru down.
How many people here actually know what the Church of the Subgenius is, quote unquote,
know?
That's just a, it's about a half.
Yes, it's gratifying.
I don't know.










I don't know.

Yeah, well.
Sometimes I think I do.
For the rest of you, I really don't know what to tell you except that you'll have to actually
invest some time.
You'll have to pay to find out.
Well, if you don't know, you could be on the right track too.
That's the wonder of it.
That is very true.
Yeah.
Yes.
The little boy in the, in the...
Why?
That's what Arnold Palmer asked us.
We gave him a very straight answer.
Why?
The answer is so simple.
It's slack.
That is why slack first for Bob,
then for we, his called ministers,
and then for those who may partake of that slack
as a direct runoff from the luck power
that is sucked towards Bob,
sprays off of him onto us,
and then it sort of drips off of us onto...
And if you get one of those big clouds,
you're so lucky.
The slack trickle-down theory.
It's a pyramidal...
Slackonomics.
Yeah, slackonomics.
It's the pyramid scheme
with you buried in the tomb
in the middle of the pyramid.
Yeah, somewhere you're in that pyramid,
in the secret room that you can't get to anymore.
I want you to hear...
I wouldn't want to say something that doesn't make any sense,
like everything that you say...
Don't worry, friends.
It's only...
Slow, deep, and hard, things like that.
If you're trying to say that, you know,
this is not confusing,
well, that confuses me because I find it confusing,
but I was straight on the fact that it was confusing,
but when you told me it was not confusing,
that confused me.
Uh, yeah.
We have to start over again.
Okay.
A few minutes after...
Ah, yes.
Take it from the top.
Go.
Welcome to church.
You are listening to the subgenius radio ministry...
Get on your knees, seekers.
Get ready for some lashings of...
Slack.
Slack.
There's a secret born every day.
Wait a minute.
What show is this?
Hey, what show are we...
You wouldn't know slack if it tortured you to death.
You wouldn't know slack if it...
Oh, I'm begging for it, too.
...in Berkeley and Oakland and all of Northern California
and you're listening to Janer?
Just started lashing you with a char-ariel
until you were striped like Tony Tiger.
Who are these people?
With a cat and nine tails.
You wouldn't know slack if it chopped your head off.
God, this closet is full.
You wouldn't know slack if it drove nine-inch nails
into your eyes.
You people out there, don't you?
You're just a bunch of half-subgenius,
half-hearted subgeniuses.
You wouldn't send me all your money.
You wouldn't give me all your worldly possessions.
They want Bob for free.
But none of the women out there want to become slaves
to Janer Hyperclades.
They're just half-subgeniuses.
I'm already a slave to Bob.
You're barking up the wrong girl.
Hey, this one's phylo.
Go.
Well, you've joined up with the wrong cult.
Oh.
We'll make one up for later.
Even the wrong cult can be the right cult.
I tell you what, because you can't hear phylo,
you'll hear Bob's face on it.
I put phylo in the box.
If he's good, we'll punch some air holes.
You won't hear underdog.
You won't see kissing.
You won't see the Aurora models come to life
like we did earlier.
Yes, dear friends, we've been at the Dragon Con
science fiction convention for the last couple of days.
Here in Atlanta.
It has been a show crash.
I feel kind of sad.
Sorry for those geeky, neurotic, pathetic, wimp sci-fi fans
who are absolutely the prototypical cartoon of a geek.
Acres and acres of kids all dressed in black
with vampire makeup on.
Cost them 500 bucks and spent three days
to prove that they're individuals
who don't care what anybody else thinks.
And you can tell because they all look alike.
You are unique, and so is everybody else.
Rocky Horror Pictures.
Rocky Horror Pictures.


Rocky Horror Pictures.

Quoting.
Cheesy, bad movie aficionadoing.
Be spectacled.
Flabby, pasty, way-faced geeks.
Praise them.
Don't you love them?
Where else?
This church would not survive.
There were some pockets, though.
After all, their money is green.
And what souls would Bob have to sell to the exes?
Highly illogical, Captain.
I've slipped a few of those souls into the prize.
Here comes the enterprise.
Here comes the enterprise.
Here comes the enterprise.
Here comes the enterprise.
Boy, there's a lot of Klingons down there.
Oh, and they're hip, too.
They're into K-Bob or K-Bob.
Spock, you green-blooded alien.
We're talking about men's lives, not your logic.
You're out of your fulkin' mind.
That's your fulkin' mind, I think you said.
Dr. McCoy, I believe it was...
I believe Captain Kirk left me in charge of the enterprise.
She's remembering the show there.
She was when he was making his trip down to the X-Dimension.
Dr. McCoy, what are you doing with that mobile transport?
I'm trying to get a recorder beam.
Dr. McCoy, where's Spock?
You have to listen to this later.
Of course, the only really, really pure sci-fi fans are the subgeniuses.
They're the ones who've lived that science fiction.
And you know, real life has gotten a lot scarier than any sci-fi movie.
Back in the old days, the only time the army moved into L.A. was when giant ants invaded.
Oh, that's next.
We've got that arranged.
Yeah, well...
I'm sorry about the comet hitting the wrong side.
It hit the wrong side of Jupiter.
We've been working on that.
If H.G. Wells could see the future, he'd roll over in his grave if he was alive today.
Are we dead now?
Didn't the comet land on the northern part of Canada and wipe us all out?
Are we still doing a show here?
That was the body of Satan being hurled to the Earth by God himself.
Am I talking right now?
Is this my voice?
I don't know.
I'll check.
I'll go right outside and check.
I mean, could you record this and then sell it to someone else at a later date?
That's what I do.
Half price on verse.

I mean, I'll sell the nouns back.
I mean, how much would you charge me for a tape of myself?
Why don't we do this?
You do the adjectives and the verbs.
I'll do the nouns and the adverbs.
And I'll sell the tape.
Now, come on.
Just on this tape.
Just like we've been doing all these years.
Then we have to renegotiate in half an hour for the second 30 minutes of the 90-minute CD.
Nouns are moving.

I checked the stock exchange.
Nouns are big this week, bigger than adjectives or adverbs or other Jane Eyre words.
That changes.
Oh, but prepositions are so good.
Or is it propositions?
What happened last week?
Last night with the swinging love corpses and Papa Joe Mama and Jane Eyre and Ivan Stang
and Suzie the floozy.
Oh.
They're still stacking the bodies like cordwood.
It seems like it's the fallen women that always get picked up in the grand ballroom west.
Yeah, they're still mopping up the blood left over from that head launching.
It was just a teeny little head in a tiny, tiny golf club.
I didn't know it would have those 27 gallons of blood in it.
Yeah, it's so hard to believe such a small golfer head could bleed quite so much.
And people are standing in line to go in there and look at the patterns on the carpet.
We haven't told them about the dangerously high radiation levels.
You should see the crowd outside the station.
You looked out the window and seen the crowd outside the station?
But that was just a prostitution.
Standing in line to die.
That was just a false head launching.
Anyone who saw that and believed it was real is damned to hell.
And friends, there's no water down there.
There's plenty of head blood, though.
Oh, yeah.
You're just about to...
There'll be a beer, head blood, and bodily excretions that...
...build up on the stage after the swinging love corpses...
...slectoplasm...
...reach their climax.
We're talking about...
...in...
...bob, praise Bob, praise...
...bob!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Help me, somebody!
Yes, dear friends!
It's about time we had a for real, Bible-breaking, pulpit-pounding, black-eyed peen subgenius revival here.
And by that, I don't mean some silly parody situation where we make fun of televangelists...
...and Jim...
...Billy Graham and so forth.
No, sir!
We are not up here to make fun!
We are up here because we hate the normals!
The prudes, prigs, weezers, and weenuses, the super-patriots and fundamentalists and fanatics and so forth...
...they all think there ought to be a little more...
...religion in this country.
Uh-huh.
Well, have we got a religion for them?
The Church of the Subgenius!
God's answer to fundamentalists!
Building a new heaven and earth on the rubble of the old!
Beyond Satanism, dear friends!
Something for nothing!
That's what Bob's here to bring you.
Something for nothing?
Eternal salvation or triple your money back?
You can take the church, shove it into any orifice, and watch it go!
Oh, yes!
Yeah!
This is real!
Everything you know is true!
Bob is the proof!
Bob sold it!
I smoked it!
Fat battles it!
Yeah!
We may now proceed.
Be not afraid, dear friends.
You have no choice.
Bob is coming.
It is useless to resist!
Like.
Like.






If it's our task
It's obvious
That you still have
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
Yes, boy!
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
Yeah!
Gee, is that all there is to that song?
I thought that song went in for a second.
It used to last longer when there wasn't that interruption
in the middle there.
Are you weird?
Anti-vocal.
Are you bad?
Yes!
Are you not exactly a team player, dear friend?
Have you had enough?
Have a nice day?
Yes!
Tired of all that touchy-feely cosmic sweetness
and like,
crap?
Yes!
Get nearly irresistible urges
to pound spikes into the eyes
of gibbering religious nuts?
Yes!
Hate everybody?
Yes!
Always thought there was something going on
that they wouldn't tell you about?
Yes!
Do you find yourself questioning if existence is relevant?
If God believes in you?
If it's normal to be normal?
Talking about insanity squared.
We're talking about an infinity of hate squared,
squared,
plus godzillion and one.
Godzillionth to the nth degree times hate.
Oh yeah, you can't just sit there
talking about some little infinity of hate.
Oh, I've got an infinity of hate.
I'm a subgenius.
I have an all-pervasive,
all-consuming hate.
My God!
That's the most pathetic...
What kind of little limp-wristed, flimsy...
Sure, 92, 93, that was enough.
Infinity of hate.
That's the most pathetic...
Oh yeah.
You're totally out of chic, out of fashion now.
Heck man, hate squared, that might as well be love.
Oh, hate, hate and infinity of hate.
Are you reading that be here now
and all the rest of that love and peace crap?
I heart hate.
And Mein Kampf and those other peacenik,
namby-pamby, new age, tree-hugging, orange-haired...
Crystal-headed, I'm okay, you're okay,
born with a silver spoon in your mouth.
Have you people ever really seen any of these people?
Born with a silver spoon in your nose?
Well, one thing I will say for the science fiction fans
as opposed to the new agers,
at least the science fiction fans know it's all make-believe.
There's a lot to be said for that.
But of course...
Hey, is that Hal?
Is Hal in the other mix?
No, Hal's in the other mix.
This is in fact the world's only true religion.
This is the most important organization
in the history of the Earth.
It only appears to be the most asinine,
utterly inane and worthless.
You know, it's not completely true.
It's not completely worthless.
I've been laid several times by doing this.
I've gotten...
Yeah, now think about it, Jane.
I know you haven't gotten any royalties in a long time,
but remember that, uh...
I think it was sort of a woman type of...
You know, that Klingon...
Some organism.
That Klingon that...
She spoke to me for almost two hours.
Yeah.
Yeah, thanks, Stang.
She had adaptive orifices.
You missed your big chance, bucko.
Some of these preachers will do anything for the church
if you promise them enough.
Well, I can hardly even get a date in Little Rock.
I have to come to one of your...
Your freak shows get a peck on the cheek.
Well, at least you got that.
I mean, it could be worse.
You're aiming too high.
Yeah, they beg...
They beg Bob for a girlfriend,
and then when he delivers a six-legged female Venusian,
they complain.
It's like some kind of a...
I don't know.
I said, look...
Ingrates.
I said, look, honey, I spent $30 and all this time.
Now, you ain't getting out of the car until I'm done.
Dating is an investment of my time, energy, and money.
This isn't a fun thing.
Carbon-14 dating?
You signed an unwritten...
Unwritten contract when you got in the car with me
and agreed to go out to dinner.
I thought that was understood.
The car doors are locked.
Now, folks, Jayner's just kidding.
He's just doing a satire of rednecks.
We want to make sure that you understand.
But for purposes of parity only.
Yes, it's just a parity only.
No, parity is the way it's pronounced around here.
This is equal time for equal religions.
Some are more equal than others.
Pass the equal, please.
Praise Bob.
I'm attracted to women who wear high heels
because they can't run.
Running is fast.
I'm attracted to high heels.
Hey, I want to talk about how disgusting sci-fi fans are
since I used to be one.
Back to page two here on the script.
I know them pretty well.
I am one.
Were there any proto-stangs there?
Did you see any?
What kind of blasphemous utterance is that?
To think that any of those people
could lower themselves to the level of a stang.
He cries easily.
I'm sorry, stang.
I'm sorry, stang.
I didn't mean to insult the Trekkies like that.
No, um...
No, but seriously, folks.
No, seriously, folks.
What about the people last night that came to the show?
What were they doing?
What are they like?
I said, doctor, it hurts whatever I do.
Listen, don't do that.
I really don't care about the people who came to the show.
All I care about is the people who came up to the sales table
at that convention afterwards.
And they're my good friends.
Everybody who bought a t-shirt, one of those Bob shirts
or other things that I can't talk about,
on the other stations.
Or a Janer tape or a Janer healing hate crystal.
Yeah, Janer was actually selling crystals
at the subgenius sales table
at the science fiction convention.
Janer...
Ah! Ah!
Came out of the dirt.
Oh, they're Joe Mama!
Oh, Father Joe Mama is here.
Tell them about the crystals.
You can focus your hate.
See, the New Agers have been missing the boat all this time.
They've been focusing healing energy and love energy.
And that works.
But...
But...
The crystal can transmit and amplify energy,
so there's no reason a subgenius couldn't buy one
and amplify his hatred towards his enemies
and create injury and dismemberment powers
rather than healing powers for the normals
and then pour ground-up glass and rock salt
into the gaping open wounds of the people he went to ninth grade with.
The trick is that you have to turn the crystal in the opposite direction.
Now, the fun thing is to think that some of these people
who don't know how to use crystals
have been pointing the aggregate, the unhealing side towards them all this while.
And this is why some of the New Agers are the way they are.
I just give them a twist and let them dig in.
You know, in California, you buy them with the crystal sewn right into the zipper of the pants.
I'm sorry, I'm late.
I got in a real heated discussion with some loser that was telling me that
Saurak had actually turned the planet Vulcan around for this reparation.
Yeah, yeah, we were just talking about that.
Those guys were here a minute ago fighting about that very same thing.
I mean, everybody knows that Saurak is the savior of Vulcan.
You know, I just couldn't believe that. That is really...
Well, I think Elfquest number 27 was a lot deeper statement than Elfquest number 21 through 26.
My dwarf lord cancels out your elfin queen.
I need a Dr. Pepper.
I'm a wizard, but in this new role-playing game, you play with some of my cards,
but I wasn't playing with a full deck in the first place, and I'm not talking about the game.
These people are into some kind of fantasy world, not like the Church of the Subgenius,
which takes a good hard bite out of reality.
The hard, cold, broken glass-covered cement...
It lets that bitter tang from life hit you in the back of the throat.
They've already rounded us up, dear friends.
Locked cattle, herded us into forced slave labor camps,
and replaced our names with urine test result numbers.
Only most of us didn't notice!
Because at the end of the day, they still let you clock out,
go home,
to your cell block,
and punch in again for a few minutes of quality time
with the spouse and the kiddies, or the drugs and the TV, or all four.
Here you stood.
You can take it.
It's a living.
Elvis is dead.
Hendrix is dead.
John Holmes is dead.
The Marlboro Man has cancer.
Love and kindness are purchased commodities.
Charlie's still in jail.
Even the gay baby whales are endorsing big oil companies, dear friends.
Rock and roll is a beer commercial, and punk is a hairstyle.
All the starving people in the world want back what they think you took.
And you're supposed to work like a dog just to keep what you only think you already have.
You cannot even die legally in this country.
As a result of this convention, we are actually going to begin the Church of Normals.
For normals, by normals.
It should be obvious to everyone that even though we are against the normals,
from henceforth, we are also against the abnormals.
We have come to turn abnormals against normals unto themselves.
I find myself against a lot of people.
It's just the in-betweens.
But that was our original concept, an infinity of hate.
But I'm opposed to that, even.
Yeah, so, yeah, right.
Those fanboys out there howling at Reverend Susie the floozy.
Those aren't fanboys, those are werewolves with power number seven.
Don't you know anything?
Oh, sorry, I didn't look here at the book.
I didn't look at the 4,000-page xerox of the book of the game we're playing.
And those are rare chase cards. There's only one in 18 packs.
Your chances of getting a silver bullet card are one in 18.
These guys know the rules. They're probably going to beat us at subgenius game number 3700.
Well, I have a rant card. I have the power to rant over a tape deck.
I have a file of that, yeah.
With a rant card and a file of it, we can probably kill you.
I wish I just had a be able to keep a job card.
Get out of corporation free card.
You got too many of those, Jane.
Oh, I've got to go feed them.
Does anyone know where I could get a pick up a woman card?
Yeah, those are upstairs in room 1750.
Ever been picked up by the fuzz?
The subgenius cards are, you know, an ongoing card collection.
We're always adding special chase cards.
And the get a free woman card is, we're waiting until Jane retires before we issue that.
We're afraid he may get that card.
You can get a woman free, but you've got to tie her up first.
Well, we don't set her free.
Anybody got any linch?
I think that, is that what you're supposed to say?
Anybody got any linch?
Oh, by the way, uh, Sting, we got into that little cabinet that had all the free potato chips and M&M's and stuff in your room.
How do you get into that?
Oh, you just use a little toothpick and open it up.
And it was great. There's all sorts of booze and everything. There's no charge for that, is there?
And Dad's gun and balloons are in there, too.
Well, that's for the convention to pay for.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I kind of played rock star in your hotel room, Doug. I hope you don't mind.
You know, I just went off. I went crazy. But, I mean, that's what I'm supposed to do.
That was my television in the swimming pool down there?
Well, you'll be glad to know that it may have been your television, but at least we kept it plugged in when we threw it in there.
Eliminating all the swimming.
I mean, that's what you're into. I mean, that's your thing, you know.
We had to get a real long extension cord.
You're into these weird cults, you know, like Charles.

Charles Manson and stuff. I mean, so when I just, like, you know, stabbed you in the stomach 37 times with a rusty fork, I mean, that's your thing. You're into weird cults and stuff.
Well, I'm all for killing the hogs.
Oh, yeah. Sure, I cut up nine hogs. Hell, I'll pile them to the sky at 20 million high. Maybe then I can save my trees and my water and my wildlife.
That's what we're trying to do, friends. We're just trying to save the planet. It's more important than anything on the planet.
I thought we were going to pave the planet.
Well, yeah, that's the only way to preserve it.
That's why we have to save it.
And the skulls of our enemies.
The Charles Manson Wildlife Reserve. Just make a right at the graveyard.
It's a very beautiful conservationist plan, Charles.
People think we're inhuman because we kill people, but in fact, we're just rabid environmentalists. People create pollution, therefore, to stop pollution.
We're just inhuman without doing anything.
They're an abscess sore upon the surface of the planet.
Save the planet. Kill yourself.
Running with pus.
Yes, we have lanced the abscess of normalcy.
Attracting flies.
Death cow has reached six million now.
Breeding on sorts of moths.
And maggots and contagion.
You must sew up your own reproductive organs.
Insects the size of supermarkets swallow up entire continents.
Infibulation without representation.
Know ye well the signs of the end times.
The only way to save the whale is to kill mankind.
Look, we think we're kidding.
We're into the involuntary human extinction movement.
We think we're adults.
They think this is all a big joke.
Your inner child needs a spanking.
I'm sorry.
Give me your inner child for a week. I'll give you back an inner adult.
Susie, just ignore my hand.
I was diagnosed earlier today with alien hand syndrome.
I think your inner can't control your hand.
It's quite convenient.
You sound like some kind of weird inner child molester.
To prevent Jane-er from murdering thousands of normals would be to stifle his inner spoiled child.
I didn't mean to kill her. It was my alien hand.
I'm pleading the alien hand defense.
The alien hand that God dealt him.
But what about my inner 70-year-old codron?
He's a codron in a wheelchair.
Incontinent codron in a wheelchair.
He has no continence whatsoever.
My doctor told me he was trying to work with my inner child,
but then he was trying to charge me $60 per 15 minutes for psychotherapy.
I said, Doc, my inner child is broke.
He's not even legally employable until he's 18.
Employable for what?
I had to explain to the judge I didn't rape her.
It was my alien organ syndrome.
Could you play your alien organ just a few riffs?
I thought she wanted it.
It was empowerment, officer. It's not exploitation.
I thought she wanted it. I thought when she was screaming,
No, no, no, that was just kind of a tease. That was just kind of a come on.
That's not funny, man.
Take that back.
How many lesbians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
That's not funny, man.
That's not funny.
How many leftist anarchists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What kind of wage am I being paid? Would a black or a woman or a gay get the same wage?
Remember the filaments in these light bulbs manufactured south and south?

Africa? Does this corporation own stock in apartheid? Is that what you're trying to say?
How many subgeniuses does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Approved by Dobbs.
Only Dobbs. There is an answer to that. It won a prize one time.
How many subgeniuses does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many to take to screw what?
1,502. 1,500 to create the shrinking device and two to climb inside the light bulb. Thank you.
How many new agers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
1,001.
1 to screw a light bulb.
1,000 to visualize it.
Convention. Subgenius convention.
Subgenius radio show. Subgenius convention.
I'll get the bus ticket if you'll leave me waiting there for five hours straight.
Convention. Subgenius convention.
I'll lose all my luggage and not have my notes and go on stage and be just completely messed up, but the audience will laugh anyway because that was what my...
It was the best one you ever did.
Gagging on dry ice vapor.
That's what my notes were, were how to sound totally messed up, so I didn't really need the notes.
Subgenius convention.
I'm here tonight to speak the word of the world's only true religion. Of course I'm referring to the Church of the Subgenius.
Subgenius convention.
The Church of the Subgenius is a pan-religion of the future that unites superior mutants, social renegades, weirdos of all castes in a hatred against the conspiracy of normals.
Subgenius convention.
Subgenius convention.
Subgenius convention.
Subgenius convention.
We Вамa'r gonna' TaPo mabas conspiracy agianst those who arDif identific.
Subgenius convention.
Subgenius convention.
WeWorship ArSavior Sh それいI I am of abask consipinaryance against those who arD iefer virtuous.

Weworship Ars sakerI StrZar Bob Dobbs.
Dubud Ihreon Lang keys he is about uG 2018 a
He Is Weird Humor.
Subgenius convention.
He Is Dark Surreal carbianlistic death jokes.
He Is Psychedelic Surrism.
Posy r , He is LIrH Itself.
Draanff All d' Management de renuncia sup merour ckerldoba trinav a etcf
the گooryae v Portu mBitygenius convention in evant a
But I am here tonight to speak a doctrine of national socialist, a national socialist
subgenius philosophy.
Because the subgenius, which is racially all-encompassing, is the master race.
It's not the Aryan race at all, but the subgenius race.
It's not the Jews, which are the devil race, which must be exterminated, but the normals.
We will remake the world in the image of J.R. Bob Dobbs, and we shall destroy it.
We shall build a subgenius right that shall last a thousand years.
As long as the heart beats and the breast is a single subgenius,
we shall be a subgenius.
We shall continue fighting for our cause.
As long as a single subgenius is able to draw breath into its bones,
we shall continue to fight to the death against normalcy.
I will build and breed a perfect race of blue-haired, blonde-eyed subgenius yetis and overlords.
Super-men.
The normals are underage, under-men, sub-human,
Underware.
useless eaters.
Their fit only for slave labor, for extermination.
But ours is certifiably, unlike the sickening sweetness of life-cracking religions,
ours is certifiably a religion of hate.
Hate!
Hate!

Hate!
Hate!
Ha-ило-heart!
No, you might ask, what do you think, where am I talking about, Grinch, when I talk about hate?
Am I talking about something dandby-pandy, live-ifferentian, Beamty-Pimpy-Hate?
or ha democrats beauty-wave.
Oh, I just hate myself.
колo.





erongayするCLARI battery.
D постman.
Oh, I just hate the government.
Oh, I just hate the president.
Is that what we're talking about when we talk about hate, friends?
It's a no! It's a no, children!
When we talk about hate, we're talking about an infinity of hate!
An all-consuming, all-pervasive hate!
But an all-encompassing hate is a cathartic effect.
It's not like the namby-pamby little pink hate.
It has a cathartic effect that releases all the pits of anger that you've had stored up all your life
and leaves nothing but a boundless love for all things.
Unless they irritate you in any way whatsoever.
But wait a minute, this doesn't make any sense.
Why am I talking to people in modern-day America about hate?
That's like talking to a fish.
You don't even know what hate is because you don't have anything to contrast it against.
The average person doesn't know what hate is because it composes 90% of his inner being.
Oh, we've just started ranting.
The past 15 years, that was warming up.
You haven't heard me rant. You haven't heard me rant yet.
Oh, this isn't an insane radio show. We haven't started getting insane.
Oh, you think?
You think that was funny. You think that was disorienting and alienating.
Oh, no, we're just warming up. We're just getting started.
Maybe tonight wasn't the time to take it.
Now I'm going to start. Now here's the insane stuff.
We're taking live calls. That's 904-385-8357.
No, you know, I've just decided I'm just going to throw the script away.
For the next five minutes, I'm just going to do just completely improv.
Oh, man, don't do it.
Off the top of my head.
Wait a minute, that's not in the script. What are you doing?
That's my line.
You've got a black woman.
You've got a black woman on the front row. She's black. She's a black woman.
That's Don Rickles.
Look, you've got a guy sitting over there. He's a guy sitting over there.
Well, maybe I should go back to the script.
But I know what you're thinking. Oh, yeah, everything's okay now.
Yeah, we've got a liberal president. Oh, yeah, Bill Clinton's going to save everything.
Yeah, the liberals will take care of everything.
What kind of a...
Pie in the sky. I'm okay. You're okay.
Tree-hugging, crystal-headed.
Born with a silver spoon in your mouth.
Everything is beautiful.
Airhead, are you?
I wouldn't even bother spitting on your grave when we all become victims of the upcoming Nazi death state.
Oh, a grave. Oh, you flatter yourself with a grave.
Oh, what kind of...
Looking through the world through rose-colored glasses.
Optimists argue to think that you would have a grave.
I wouldn't even bother spitting on the open trench that they bulldoze you and 10,000 other skeleton-like bodies into
when we all become victims of the upcoming Nazi death state.
Someone turn off the Jainer device.
I think Jainer needs a script that's a much higher potency.
Wait a minute, that's Jainer at the door.
I'm listening.
Who's this at the microphone?
I'm the type of person who uses a script in real life and does improv on stage.
Get me out of here. I don't know.
But if that's Jainer on the mic...
The next line is, you've been a lousy audience.
Who's that?
And that's Mike on Jainer.
Yeah, more in-joke now.
Where is Mike?
Oh, he's out there talking to Philo.
Reverend Mike.
Not enough alienating stuff.
Philo's here?
Philo's here?
Philo!
Did Philo take Reverend Mike and do something with him?
Fetch, Philo, fetch.
He's like that.
He's like that.
He just does that.
You have to pull him off and bring him in here.
With him or to him?
Yeah, what do you do?
He's got a little tail out there.
Roll over.
Who doesn't have a little tail in here?
Horns, too.
I had to think about that one.
We would answer that, but, you know, FCC rules.
You radio listeners should be aware that Reverend Susie the floozy is sitting in here
looking really gorgeous with a devil babe outfit on.
She's got a four-tail.
We're all fabulous.
Great sort of zero gravity.
We're all lovely.
Calipiginous.
Especially the night-minded.
Everybody's getting off on it.
Floating out in front of our faces.
It's a 69-cent word, calipiginous.
We rode in here on a blissful tsunami of slack.
You know, this radio show is colorized and comes in three-dimensional sound.
Sodomize for your protection.
What does that sound like on, like, a black-and-white radio?
It sounds pretty good.
You can see it, sort of.
But funny on the steam-driven ones.
It's colorized.
Yeah, on the steam-driven computers we write this show,
and it, of course, moves very slowly.
No, but I said to the guy, he goes up to the third guy,
he went up to the 57th guy, but I can't remember the punchline.
A tube is a valve, and it squeezes.
I said, Doc, it hurts whenever I do this.
He said, just keep on doing that.
Not analog, it's more like...
He said, have you ever had this before?
I said, yeah.
He goes, well, you still have it.
Go beyond some mere conspiracy, a third concept of assertiveness.
Become outright, out and out, obnoxious, downright belligerent.
Oh, Bob, I know that I am a righteous guy.
I know that I am a loving and just guy.
That is why I know that you will allow me on X-Day 1998
to pour rock salt and ground-up glass into the gaping, open wounds
of the people I went to junior high school and high school with.
Yeah!
Well, just give me a deer carcass or a tree stump, a knot hole.
I think it's unfair for you to discriminate on these people
based on their prior sexual orientation.
I'm not that interested in women.
Hey, you better watch me, girls.
I've been out in the woods for three days.
I ain't had nothing but knot holes and deer carcasses.
I'm desperate.
Those deer carcasses are damn good, though.
He said linen.
And Trotsky?
That stopped it, Dad.
I got the Trotsky's back.
That's right.

Linen Trotsky.
Linen Trotsky.
That's right.
Okay, guys, really, there's only 20 more minutes before we go on.
Linen and Marks.
What do we do now?
We got to straighten up.
Come on.
We're going to have to do a damn show.
Okay, get back to the script.
When does the show start?
I don't know, and I don't care.
Are we finished cutting up, or are we going to start trying to be funny now?
When does the funny part start?
Is this the part where they do the launching?
Is this a head launching?
We're going to launch a head over the radio.
Are they going to launch a head?
Yes, no.
We could just fake it.
They don't even know if we even have a head.
Are you guys going to launch a head?
Yes, no.
Yes, no.
Okay, I guess they're launching a head.
Oh, there is a head.
Oh, this isn't all just phony.
Which part is that?
Yes, no.
Are you going to launch a head?
There goes a head.
And it's flying across the unfair way.
There it goes.
A close-up on the head.
It's on the 999th green, and it's rolling toward the hole.
Ow, it missed.
Hole and not one.
Another interesting sideline on January 6th.
We're getting rocket fuel in this one with the nuclear warheads.
The nuclear warhead, though.
Arnold Palmer.
Arnold Palmer's forces are firing.
The forces of Janeer.
Arnold Palmer.
The Trevinos have just entered the battle.
Yes, and Arnold Palmer's forces are trying to retrieve the head from the Janeer forces,
which are retreating up Stone Mountain.
Do you hear me, Mr. Lee Trevino?
Do you hear me?
Bow to your knee to Lucifer.
Apparently Janeer has addressed Mr. Trevino.
Do you hear me, Sam Snead?
I think a job for you, Nicky.
You got pantyhose, maybe?
You got number seven, Potter?
Amazing thing about this police that are dying.
I mean, you can't...
But you can't just...
...dodging behind the trunks of the trees there.
I mean, you can't just...
The trees are wearing trunks. I like that.
I mean, you can't just cut off the head of anyone that plays golf and then launch it and say,
oh, I launched a golfer head.
I mean, my uncle plays golf, but he's not a golfer.
He's an insurance salesman.
He just plays golf on Sundays.
You can't just cut his head off and launch it and go, oh, I launched the head of a golfer.
Well, you tried, though.
How did that work?
Well, it just...
You know, that's not really a golf...
And did he ever get better?
No.
You have to have a professional golfer or at least someone that's done, you know,
some of the major tournaments to call it an actual golfer head launching.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Well, because I couldn't find anything appropriate to cut to after that,
I should explain what's going on here.
You and me both are listening for the first time to recordings from our subgenius,
D-Vival radio show and panel discussions.
We're going to be talking about the most recent discussions in Atlanta last week during
the Dragon Con science fiction and Betty Page convention there and associated WREK Atlanta
broadcasts where, due largely to the efforts of Reverend Susie the Floozy and Lamar, we
were able to effect a gathering of church hierarchites such as Puzzling Evidence, Father
Joe Mommon, and the Church of the Holy Spirit.
We'll be talking about the most recent discussions in Atlanta,
St. Jainer Hyperclites, and, last but not least, friends,
the swinging love corpses complete with Dr. Philo Drummond,
the most horrible overman alive.
And so much oral bewonderment resulted from this particular subgenius conflagration
that next week's show will probably be more of the same.
It was a capper event to a pretty busy weekend.
We'll be talking about the most recent discussions in Atlanta last week during the Dragon Con

where, due largely to the efforts of Reverend Susie the Floozy and Lamar, we were able to
effect a gathering of church hierarchites such as Puzzling Evidence, Father Joe Mommon,
and the Church of the Holy Spirit.
It was a capper event to a pretty busy weekend to a pretty busy weekend.
It was a capper event to a pretty busy weekend.
It was a capper event to a pretty busy weekend.
Well, I had a great time with Mr. and Mrs. Nenslow, and Dr. Onan, and Dr. Howell, and
Dr. Hosler from Negative Land, and all those wonderful Expresso-drinking west coast beatniks.
All those wonderful Expresso-drinking west coast beatniks.
I just got back from this Atlanta shindig and why, tomorrow,
I leave for the denuded paganistical outdoor campout conclave called Starwood.
I leave for the denuted paganistical outdoor campout conclave called Starwood.
I leave for the denuted paganistical outdoor campout conclave called Starwood.
So, you better believe, my friend, that this particular show and the next one, actually, are being thrown together in this brief interim in the home throne office here in Dallas.
But enough holy gossip. Let's get back to the Swingin' Love Corpses live concert at the Atlanta DragonCon Geek Festival.
Okay, enough kidding around now.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We're standing up when Bobby in our associates a woman's daughter, but all the horse manure.
Get on off with Bob.
Oh, Bob boy, is such a smooth ride last time.
I was inside a statue of liberty.
I just, I don't know.
The Statue of Libertines?
She was green with NBJ.
That's the one, downtown Atlanta, outside the station.
I hate when I call a 1-900 sex number and the woman on the other end of the line tells me she's not that kind of a girl.
I just...
Yeah, the price is right, though.
Yeah, Jane-er just don't get no respect.
We've got Jane-er now.
What a comedian.
What a comedian.
I told my doctor I had suicidal tendencies.
He said from now on I'd have to pay in advance.
I don't know.
Get me out of here.
Keep me here.
I paid money for this stuff.
People paid me money for this stuff.
The nice thing about this radio is it's such a tough audience.
There's no such thing as a tough audience.
They're not laughing.
They're dead.
You boil them for six hours, they always come out tender.
Well, let's just pound them a bit with this mallet and tenderize them some.
Come on, callers.
Give us a little, give us some rain here.
We can cut through that gristle real fast.
Don't you worry.
We're listening to the show.
Operators standing by.
Dealers quiet as well.
I wouldn't bother spitting on your grave when we all become victims of the upcoming Nazi death state.
After I got out of the Army, I swore I'd never stand in front of the station.
I'm in line for anything again.
Nuts to butts, boys, nuts to butts.
Yeah, make a hole.
Make a hole.
Soup to nuts.
Are you boys hungry?
It's just like that stream of consciousness type of radio stuff where you just put whatever
thoughts in your mind.
It's a stream of unconsciousness.
Stream of subconsciousness.
Stand-up tragedy.
Turn that just a little bit louder.
I can't quite hear that distortion.
And I think everyone should know that we do have a sales booth at the science fiction convention at the Hilton.
And we are selling out.
Now, wait a minute.
Before we go on, let's get this clear.
We don't want to promote the sales booth.
We don't want to promote the 900 number.
Don't forget the 900 number.
Don't talk about that.
Don't talk about the new book.
Don't talk about Best of Jane or Hyperclete, Tapes 1 through 3, Doctors of Rob's News.
Don't think about the uncut Hour of Slack episode.
Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain.
Pay no, yeah, right.
You're listening to the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to, got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
.
.
.

.
.
There's a hاعj.
We have a taboo problem.
We have a taboo problem.
One in five students in the Hall of the elektronikon have a childhood without being fucking disabled.
That's why we, we had installed fiber liesatorio to stop people.
We didn't do it because we accidentally borrowed human intelligence for holding their own computer RAM6.
We don't.
.
Robertson prayer retreat. I'm talking about a level of hate that would make your hate look like a new-age potluck.
I'm talking about hate.
But what are you talking about? I don't get it. But it doesn't make any sense.
How can I talk to people in modern-day America about hate? Oh, I get it. It's a parody.
It's really... You don't even know, you don't even know what hate is, but that's like talking to a fish about water.
You have nothing to contrast it against. I don't get this. Are you saying that you you don't like other people?
With the right gravy.
Well, see, I see that I hate hate, which means I like people.
Your insecurity with yourself, see, if you would just come to grips with the fact that you're an imperfect human...
Latch onto that hunker! Deal with it!
Only a person who does not hate himself can truly hate everyone else.
But, Jayner, Jesus loves you.
It's just that everyone else thinks you're total ass. Wow, here he is now.
Jesus! This is Ivan Stang. This is Jayner Hyperglitz.
This is Papa Joe Mama.
And I'm Postley Levin. Hey, you got any words for us?
Yes. Who plays Jesus now?
Yes, you see, I am Jesus Christ, and all you have to do is confess your sins to me, and I can forgive you and give entrance to anyone into the kingdom of heaven.
Could you get me backstage to heaven, please?
Anyone except for you guys.
I've just got to meet him. I've got to meet him.
You've gone too far. I've got all his records.
What is the unforgivable sin? I thought about finding him.
Is there a sin you just commit and then you just pull the lever and down you go?
What is that unforgivable sin?
This show.
Well, besides that, it's Butterfingers.
We're going to have to actually do, you know, get ready. We're going on in just ten minutes.
We've got to straighten up. I'm not ready for this.
Which radio show? What city are we in? Which radio show is this? Which character am I?
I'm drawing up an outline here.
Are we in geostationary orbit or are we still...
Okay, I'll tell you what. I'll come in like I was...
In latitude and longitude and...
Why don't I stay out so that it...
You know, you all start off and then I come in late and then like I pretend like I was left behind and we can kind of...
No, just keep doing what you've been doing, being the straight man, not saying anything funny.
You've been real good at that all night.
Well, I could do that.
You've built a career on that.
That would probably help you seem funnier than you really are.
Yeah.
Well, you know, you're...
I think what you really do best is kind of like an Ed Woods thing.
I mean, the stuff you do is so bad, it's just laughable.
I just love it because...
Now, wait a minute. I happen to think Ed Woods is back in the...
I mean, those parodies of Ed Woods and Al Ackerman that you do, they're...

Well, see, that's the difference between me and you.
Those just crack me up.
You think Ed Woods is making a mistake.
I happen to think that he was deliberately making it bad so bad that it would be good.
It's easy to do things good and it's easy to do things bad.
Yeah, but see, he even did...
That was the way Dobbs did it.
You see, he even did that badly, so that came...
His concept of good-bad came out bad, but then that badness was good, so it's like a double reverse psychology...
All these normals running around saying, oh, he's a genius, he's a genius.
What do they know?
It takes a genius to recognize a genius.
It takes one to know one.
If they say they're a genius, that means they're an amateur.
It takes...
It takes one to kill one.
A true genius understands true geniushood.
That's why I understand Ed Woods, and you don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I just realized that if there were just...
More people could understand my inherent superiority over all other beings, it would be such a simpler world.
It could straighten everything out, but...
Look into my eyes, Jane Eyre.
But that would be...
Look into my eyes.
But you don't have any eyes.
They were...

You are insane.
They're in unison.
Supernatural?
Perhaps.
Bologna?
That is a supernatural.
Who comes at that?
Susie.
Susie, it's so good to be in the station with you.
It's so nice to give you a radio station reverend
Staying to do our evil work.
We can gangbanger now, that would be part of the joke.
Part of this because we're on the radio...

We've heard the satire.
