AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
Welcome to the subgenius radio hour of slaps.
Send 638 for the album. Only $9.99.
The UFO exhibiting anti-gravity capabilities follows the airliner right down to the surface of the Earth to its landing.
The UFO is a bell-shaped type which has been seen and photographed all over the world.
Angels flash through the heavenlies.
You know Ezekiel, saw a wheel.
But what a lot of us do not realize is that in chapter 1 of Ezekiel verse 4, the angels traveled in whirlwind fashion.
Not like our jets straight ahead. Whirlwind!
They move from one end of heaven to the other like a flash of lightning, verse 14.
And verse 15 says their color was burl.
Do you know what they put into spaceships now that are heaved out there?
The only thing that can withstand the heat. Other things would disintegrate. Burl-illium.
It's like some kind of vision I've never seen before.
It's like wagon wheels coming out of the sky.
And I'm sitting on the porch with Aunt May and she said,
What is it, boy? What is it?
And I said, I don't know, ma'am. I swear to God, I don't know.
But I just said, praise Bob.
You know, when, if Bob, if Bob says something, that...
Wall climbing.
Walk, what was that?
Wall climbing.
Wall climbing. Well, I was wall climbing. I was wall climbing.
That's what Bob said to do.
That's what Bob told me to.
I was wall climbing.
And, uh...
And, uh...
I...
I get...
Real scared, Bob.
Because, uh...
I've seen them.
I've seen them before.
But there's more of them now.
And, uh...
Because there's lots more.
They're floating in the air.
And they're living in the wood and the rocks and everything.
And they're always kind of laughing and...
And, uh...
Fucking and killing and laughing all the time.
Duncan Lunan of the British Interplanetary Society
has interpreted the signals as a message from the space probe.
A message from a dying planet in Epsilon Booty's.
When did you see your last flying saucer?
The last thing I seen was here Sunday week.
It was out in the wheat field.
In the wheat field.
Isn't that a little unusual?
No, I think they must feed off wheat or something.
Yeah, the little green man's there was real head-cat.
Rockin' and a-rollin' through the crazy black hole.
Brought out the sax and it started to flow.
Brought out the drums and it started to roll.
Flying saucer, rock and roll.
Flying saucer, rock and roll.
I couldn't understand it.
A big head said it was a crazy beat.
It just stopped me dead.
Joe!
Ah, yes dear friends.
From Media Barrage number two.
The ancient one about UFOs.
And we heard from, well actually it was 1981 I think.
Janer Hypercletes and the late Reverend David Boone.
And Jonathan Winters.
And despite having those ancient crumbling recordings around,
my friends, I barely remember.
Oh yeah, no, I forgot. This is the part that you remember.
Okay, you know what show it is now?
Yeah.
Oh, this is the Puzzling Evidence Show.
I'm just getting nervous. I'm watching this little car driving like a cup of coffee.
The little puzzling evidence show on the little KPFA here in the Burbank.
Oh yeah, you can't play all of it.
You can't die.
We don't get any feedback.
You've got it rough on the new radio. We can't play anything.
That's why, you know, that's why on all kinds of radio stations
you only hear about eight bars of something.
Because then you don't have to pay the royalties and do the paperwork.
So no more whole songs.
No more whole songs for us.
Unless, of course, they're original material.
Thank you. The copyright owners are us.
But it is good to be back here in California.
Yes.
After walking, after schlepping it over to XDay on my bare feet.
Oh, XDay. Yeah, I want to hear about XDay. And the audience goes wild.
Yeah, XDay.
They love it because they're thinking of XXXday.
So how was it to see Guy Duhl and Ivan Stang and Queen of UFOs and Nikki Death Chick?
And who else would have been there?
Oh, so all those people, they were great. It was excellent.
One day we had good weather, except for one day we had this wonderful thunderstorm
that rolled through during the night.
Man, I miss those.
And like, rain like crazy.
And Guy and I drove around in the...
And you slept in the van down by the river?
No, I didn't sleep in the van. I slept in the trailer.
The van was like next to the fire and next to lots of people.
And would have been a miserable place to stay.
And so I moved up on the hill to the hierarchy trailer.
Just like the old DocsDocs.
And when I was in the hierarchy trailer, no one bothered me.
I set up my coffee making stand and my little brewing post.
So I had coffee every morning and afternoon there.
And good, strong California coffee. Not that wimpy-ass Eastern coffee.
Yeah, I know.
And then of course, let's see.
But overall it was good. It was great.
We had a great time. We had the amino acids played one night.
Those amino acids.
Yeah, they are amazing.
The ESO played another night.
And I got a chance to jam with ESO for two different nights.
And that was great. I mean, we really, we wailed. We rocked.
We rocked! We didn't suck!
Sure, sure. Of course.
We tried to suck, but we just couldn't.
Yeah, you rocked.
We sucked at sucking!
No, no. You didn't suck. You rocked.
Well, that could be true.
Yes, I did, you.
I think we did.
Believe me, you got to.
Oh baby, it's gonna be new.
It's gonna be new.
It's gonna bebull bin-bugger, didn't pull them close.
Yeah, baby, you make me.
I think we did.
Isn't it good?
This is because of theأ
Wow!
Yeah
I'm gonna get on this
Yeah
I'm gonna get on this
Yeah
I'm gonna get on this
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
We grew our mullets out
While we were there
And one night Guy and I
We did the drumming routine
Where we drive around
The compound in our
Narc looking vehicle
Scaring the various pinks
That happen to be there
And the bodies that all shy away
And of course it was porn
Guy
Right
And I'm not kidding
It was like
It never rains that hard here
No
It was raining in
Giant cascades
Where one foot
I've been up to the cascades
It was raining like a bucket per second
Much like where you used to live
Yeah
A lot like where I used to live
Yeah
Big thunderheads rolling over
With lots of thunder

That's what they used to call me
A thunderhead
Big cracking
Yeah
And so
Yeah
Guy and I drove out
In the middle of the compound
Wow
Road
While it was raining like that
And
And
And


Was that reduce
As passed
Which is the same


Part of the ultir contradiction






Having
It's


I only said that in reference to the aforementioned extrusion of logic in reality.
And so what was your question now?
Well, Dr. Drummond, is it true that Dr. Howell, your comrade there at the show,
is going to join me, Reverend Ivan Stang, at the Indy Bible on September 20th in Indianapolis
for a huge subgenius freakout?
Can I get that info at subgenius.com?
What other news is there?
This is PR News. I'm creating unintended problems.
For PR News, I'm completely contained.
From Los Angeles, PR's 600 Kmart stores report.
From Eugene, Morgan Smith continues to battle two major campgrounds and several homes over the weekend.
PR radios at PR.
PR.org.
PR's Ricard resigned after a plagiarism scandal.
Yeah.
For PR News, I'm expected to return late in the week.
PR's Madeline Brand blamed for the continuing attacks on the dance floor.
This is PR News.
I'm selected by the U.S.-led Occupation Authority to help baby abandonments.
No questions asked.
This is coming up on 9.30 at 10 o'clock this morning.
This is PR.
PR brought to you by Fernanda Namby, Lemur.
Hey, Atlanta.
Hey, Atlanta.
Hey, Bob.
They spelled, they misspelled Namby in this publication.
I want them written up right now.
They misspelled Namby.
They spelled it Mamby.
Namby Pamby.
Namby sat on a fence.
This is what we're stuck at here at 4.12 in the morning at Subgenius International Airport.
X-Day's turned into such a big thing.
They had to build an airport just to handle all the people that come to X-Day now.
Here they get their Subgenius Church hair.
And then they march off to the area where the end of the world will happen.
And Philo Drummond is down there.
We can see him on the floor.
Philo, what?
What?
Goodbye, belly.
What do you think?
How about it?

How about it?
Can we add icons?
Oh, yes.
Here.
In another edition of the ancient Subgenius traditions, we can now add treasured and
hated symbols of our lives to this fire.
Janina Grinder here has apparently a Virgin Mary, which she is.
My mom.
Thanks.
That's nice.
That's nice.
Some people have thrown in.
Their driver's licenses.
Their work records.
Their time punch-outs.
Their parents' divorce papers.
And one especially poignant example.
If I could throw my self-esteem in the fire, I sure would.
I have Bob's rally monkey.
Bob did not rally.
Bob did not save us.
Bob's rally monkey.
Fat fucking lot of good and dead.
Feed the fire, asshole.
Burn the monkey.
Burn the monkey.
Burn the monkey.
Burn the monkey.
And now where the pagans would normally have hundreds of beautiful topless women,
we have banjo Bob.
Sample of the ultimate spouse dance.
The sacred dance of the subgenius.
Hell yeah.
Hurry up and burn, Bob! We're tired of waiting! We're tired of waiting for the goddamn saucer, and we want to see your face burn!
Bob once asked the classic question, would you tell me if my face was on fire?
This is our chance. Bob, your goddamn face is on fire.
My face is on fire! My face is on fire!
Snap out of it! Wake the fuck up!
Oh, where is the fuck?
Wake the fuck up!
Barbecue a poker while the effigies burn. You may not want to stay and see how we take care of our turncoat.
Christiana's kind of far away. So come along with me.
We can dance and trip and be anarchists.
We gotta get the manual and put it in the oven till it cooks.
We're gonna take the ashes to the wasp zone.
We'll take...
Muslim anarchy camp, reckless abandonment.
Random acts of dumbness.
We'll be rewarded if you see somebody taking charge.
But you won't!
You'll be expected to beat them.
And everyone who's no one will be participating.
No one who is someone will ever get to know the joys of anarchism.
What?
Destruction of the system, yeah.
So come along with us.
What?
Selling days and nights on the Anarchaic bus.
We're gonna pick up indigents and crusties and a half a dozen nuts.
And we're never coming home.
We're never coming home.
We're never coming home.
We're never coming home.
We're never coming home.
Underwater basket weaving.
Methamphetamine symposium.
African killer spelling bees.
Bowling in ice hockey rinks.
Anarchy camp's never a nerd.
Not much fun till someone gets hurt.
So we're greasing up the rusty bird ramp.
Time to make some reservations for next year's Anarchy Camp.
Just like X-Day, Anarchy Camp by the band NoFX.
And now back to KPFA Berkeley, the puzzling evidence show where Philo is reporting on 6X Day, although Dr. Howell had decided not to attend.
I know I've made some very bad decisions.
And I had people feeding me each day with gourmet food.
Yeah.
Just because I found out later is because I was a hierarchite.
Yep.
And they could have me like a figurehead in their camp.
And when I was sitting there, they attracted the bobbies up.
Now, did the camps have names to the camps?
Yeah, the camps.
People do stuff like the Tranquility Bay.
Yeah, they had different names.
You know, they didn't, their names, like there was one of the new subgenius bases that had a lot of the new subgenius guys from alt.slack and alt.binaries.slack.
Some of them.

Some of those new subgeniuses are a little off base.
Internet subgeni I had met in a compound called Pound Subgenius.
And that's just what I'd like to do.
And you could see it off in the distance.
Every one of them.
It had these big flags and giant bob heads.
I went in there and they were all computer geeks.
So you have like, you have to log into their camp.
When you walk up, you had to sign a big board, this rotating board that had this arcane mechanical device.
And you couldn't walk in unless you logged in, you know.
Board?
Never.
I was entertained every second.

And then Doc Frop had his compound.
I don't know what, other than, we just always called it Frop's place.
If only I could leave the compound.
And then, let's see, there was Tranquility Base is really cool.
They have the Bonobo Bar and the Tiki Banzai Grill was there.
Bonobos?
I say, aren't those pick-me chimps?
Just kidding, that's the name.
But, I bet anyone that likes the Bonobos would have arice in that bar.








.


.
.
.
.


.

.
...
.
.
.

So you guys were jamming?
Who was the jammies?
I jammed with ESO and Princess Wee.
Thank you.
Jammed with us.
We had, you know, Chaz was there and Dave, Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
He's a great American.
I know.
I'd like to be on their show someday.
We should all go be on their show.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave is what makes this country great.
I was thinking, did you go?
I wasn't on the show, though.
No, you should have gone to be on show.
That would have been fun, but they were all getting ready for X Day.
I don't know that they even had time for the show.
That's pathetic.
How can that be?
Yeah, no lie.
Because the show is like just a tiny snatch of X Day.
I don't understand.
When you saw, I mean, you saw how elaborate Chaz's camp was.
He has this cool crate that he's built down there in the middle of T-Base Camp,
and it's under the trees back in the woods.
And he's got his, like, it's a,
he could live back in there.
It's got a little mini kitchen, his computer's in there, all his history.
Oh, that's really a neat setup.
His whole history of CDs is his, you know, he's got a place to sleep.
CDs?
It's really nice and cozy back in there.
I guess I saw those.
Plus, he has all these young chicks that hang around.
Calking and balking and going, balk, balk, balk.
He sails in on his own yacht.
He sails in on his van.
Yeah.
He's got a van, you know.
What's the name of his book?
I couldn't really look for it.
He's a history of rock and roll.
Yeah.
I'd like to get that.
I have a good,
He's a real, he's a real music, musicologist kind of guy.
Yeah, that's fine.
But Tranquility Base plays his mostly.
I wonder if he listens to this show.
See, I think it's important that he listens to this show.
Okay, I need a little more church air here.
I don't know if he listens to this show or not.
Look, there's a caller.
Oh.
Thanks for waiting and go right ahead.
Yeah, I'm calling from Glen Rose.
I talked to these two a couple of months ago about some cattle mutilation.
Yeah, you were the farmer, right?
Right.
Raised cattle.
Yeah.
I told you all about the mutilation.
You all said it'd be a good idea if I sent some money in.
Might give me an edge.
Right, right.
Friends, I must interrupt here.
My own wife didn't recognize these voices,
so I should explain that what follows,
is like the third radio appearance ever in 1980 of yours truly,
Reverend Ivan Stang and my partner, Dr. Philo Drummond,
on George Nolan's show on KFJZ in Fort Worth.
The guy calling in is my brother.
Well, we've had another one down here.
Another cattle mutilation.
How much money did you send in?
Well, that's the problem.
I never got around to sending this money in.
Well, that's why.
Well, we don't have that much to do with cattle mutilation,
but we can help put you on the alert to who might be doing it.
And how to watch out for them.
Yeah, that whole situation with the cattle mutilations is pretty spooky.
Not very many people know about it.
And we've found that lately an even scarier aspect,
a UFO-related goldfish mutilation.
Goldfish mutilation.
Right in your own home.
You're going to see a lot.
You'll see a lot more of that.
People, it's like you'll wake up in the morning
and people will find that their goldfishes have been mutilated
and no explainable reason for whatsoever, no breaking.
Surgically, yeah, certain organs surgically removed.
It's just scary as can be.
We've seen that in some of these animals down here.
Uh-huh.
Is there any way to find out who's doing it?
Well, there's a lot of theories on that.
One theory says that it's the conspiracy doing it
and making it look like it.
Like UFOs to discredit law enforcement agencies.
Another theory says that it is UFOs
and they're using cattle eyeballs for rocket fuel.
And another theory is that it's some crazed teenage zombies out there
that are going wild.
Yeah, some weird religious cult doing it for who knows what reason.
Boy, there are weird cults around, aren't there?
There are indeed.
Most of the cults, I might add, some of them are us.
But most of them are them.
And most of the ones that are us don't know they're us.
Yeah.
Well, the way that they get it straight now,
the us are the good guys, the them are the bad guys.
That's right.
There are a lot of latent subgeniuses.
But by the same token, there are a lot of conspiracy members there
who don't know they're working for the conspiracy.
A lot of latent homo sapiens, too, you know.
That's right.
Or homo correctus is what the subgeniuses descended from.
Well, I wanted to know if there's...
Should I try to...
Find out who's doing it or catch anybody doing it?
Well, send us some money to begin with,
and we can fill you in on a whole lot more.
That box number you can send it to is...
Post Office Box 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
And I might add, that is a real post office box.
I have seen it, touched it, opened it, and it actually exists.
We're not kidding about that.
And we will send you material that will help explain
not only cattle mutilations,
but hundreds of other true mysteries
in this modern space age agogo world.
And I can also verify that these guys,
not only is that a real post office box number,
these guys are real actual solicitators, solicitation...
They are asking for money, really.
I'll send some money in this time.
Maybe it'll help.
In the meantime, you can sit out on your ranch in the dark
and just watch for bright lights in the sky.
And different kinds of things.
Well, the different kind of things, what I'm worried about finding.
Don't worry about taking a gun with you.
It won't do any good.
Well, that's a hell.
Yeah, bullets cannot stop them.
Come here, creatures.
I summon all of you to attend.
On March 22nd, hundreds of people witnessed a pair of flying objects.
For the next nine days, UFOs rose out of the sea.
The tongue in the air remained both of us.
And in various manners,
the port of Gover's Central Holiday City
I've opened the surface of the earth.
It's time to attack.
All the other women don't know why you're there
and whether you really had your tongue in your cheek or not.
Especially the farmer who had...
See, he had a special calculation on his land.
And his neighbor thought it was strange, too.
Are not the angels ministering spirits?
And so if the minister...
Who shall be the heir?
The celebration of the year of 2014?
Good night.
Only Earth with a single moon
will have exactly total solar eclipses.
He is too remarkable an occurrence
to be due entirely to chance.
We have just discovered an important note from space.
The Martians plan to throw a dance floor.
We have just discovered an important note from space.
We have just discovered an important note from space.
All the human race.
All the human race.
Good.
Nothing can stop us now.
It will only take a few hours to attach this detonator.
Then we can all take off from Mars.
Are you sure the rocket can carry all of us
and your men from the island, too?
Now get Dr. Harding.
He's going to help me make the final adjustments on the bomb.
OK.
You've got the robot in the car.
We've got the control panel here.
We'll take it along and let the robot do the fighting for us.
Then we'll have to wait before we find out what this is all about.
Not entirely.
The papers we found in Harding's laboratory explain why they're building the hydrogen bomb.
Its explosion was intended to deflect the rotation of the Earth enough to send it out of its orbit and spinning off into space.
Those zombies must have been as crazy as they looked.
It may sound ridiculous, but it's theoretically possible.
It's certainly lucky you managed to stop them in time.
Yeah, we're safe now, for the time being.
But there are undoubtedly more of those power-mad creatures loose on other planets.
So it'll take constant vigilance on our part to ensure the safety of this world.
If the people do not seek to offend him, another and worse war will break out.
When you see a knight with a strange light in the sky, you will know it is a sign that the world is about to be punished for its crime.
So make it clear that the보을 вопросы will exist tirar 빠리가 되지 않는iot look.
Submissory trouver
Get rid of me
Donate to more wrestle
Give me back my fun time
Conquer thisänder
Re pirate
We wanna win
I want to kill you
I want to kill you
La la la la la
Give me back my fun bag
Give me back my fun bag
I'm gonna make it all up to you
I'd like to give it all to you
Objects in motion, Earth, Venus, Mars
A place without gravity, I no longer see stars
Not far in the future, where did that galaxy go?
The fading of photographs, a dying light bulb
I'm gonna make it all up to you
I'd like to give it all to you
Across the horizon for an infinite time
Dying of loneliness without the sunshine
All together but away from each other
With darkness between us, with darkness between us
I'm gonna make it all up to you
I'd like to give it all to you
I'm gonna make it all up to you
I'd like to give it all to you
I'm gonna make it all up to you
I'd like to give it all to you
I'm gonna make it all up to you
I'd like to give it all to you
Objects in motion, Earth, Venus, Mars
A place without gravity, I no longer see stars

Not far in the future, where did that galaxy go?
The fading of photographs, a dying light bulb
Across the horizon for an infinite time
Dying of loneliness without the sunshine
All together but away from each other
With darkness between us, with darkness between us
C.D. Truth
An advertiser for the E.A.A.B.

band there from their new album, Chemically Dependent.
And you can learn more about that band at www.cdtruth.com.
That's like letter C, letter D, truth.com.
Wonderful band that we see every year at the devotional.
And before that, we heard Give Me Back My Fun Thing by the baby Philo Drummond singing
with his old band, The Swingin' Love Corpses.
This music in the background, by the way, is Einstein's Secret Orchestra jamming at
6X Day with Dr. Philo Drummond and Princess We Are Dove, as well as, I think, Dr. Lake
King.
Ah, yes.
And now...
We stand here at this anti-progressive-ist warehouse filled with so many of our comrades,
com-comrades of ours.
Kings of corn, we used to call them before the Bolshevik days, back when the Tsarist
police hunted us like pigs.
It's the Wellman-Howell syndrome.
Roman-Howell?
Romanoff.
It's an outside joke.
But physicists on three international teams have discovered the pentaquark.
But did they take their fresh fruit, organic vegetables?
Well, I would probably...
So you can imagine what it's like to be...
...stuck on this narrow-gauge railway with these subgenius gods all day yakking about
their me shows.
Yeah, they're one-wheeled narrow-gauge railways.
It's like a unicycle.
Railroad.
They didn't catch on very well.
This bulletin is just in.
It can't be read on...
You can't read the bulletin that's just in because it is a violation of FCC.
FCC law.
And they do...
It is law, folks.
I'm not kidding you.
We have to sign on to these new laws, these special laws.
Now here's Philo driving around X-Day in his NARC car.
Expedient super laws.
And he's enforcing the laws of the subgenius church.
If you were not...
Pull over.
I'm gonna...
If you were not observing the laws of the subgenius church during the X-Day observance,
it was quite often seen that apparently the old church would pull...
Pull you over and...
And say, I notice you have not offered me your phone number.
And they'd search your mind.
Now I must kill you.
An invitation to visit you at your fine home.
I'm frightened by your shapely legs.
Your flashing eyes, your floating hair.
I am provoked by your weight, all-consuming lust.
No for my lithe, nubile flesh.
And so here comes Stang with his security.
He's landing X-Day.
Up came Stang with his big boot on.
And he says to Doug...
Oh, there he is.
I see.
So this is a fake Stang with the helicopter landing.
And the real Stang is over there behind the fence on that grassy knoll
with a set of binoculars watching.
And oh my, I see.
He's doing...
He's watching with his one hand.
Okay, so we're going to go back to X-Day now.
The amino acids.
Live at 6XX.
Live at X-Day.
Live at 6XX.
Oh my god.







Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
The Amino Acids live at 6X Day, friends.
And they never stop.
And this is a good time for me to mention that at 6X Day,
one of the most joyous events is the Bull Dada auction.
Yes, where the subgenius ministers auction off the weirdest crap they can locate.
Sometimes it's not just stuff.
Sometimes it is their own bodies or sex acts or glands or fluids.
Once G. Gordon Gordon auctioned off his septum.
Yes, his septum for a lap dance.
Anyway, friends, the Bull Dada auction.
You know, Bull Dada is the latest exploration of advanced surrealistic Dadaism
in which the mind is filled with dirt and lugs,
which trickle like mutilated centipedes down the sides of the now empty craniums.
And which is the only way to find shelter and rest inside the now sightless eye sockets.
This definition of Bull Dada was broached first by the great Shredney Chisholm
in I believe the year 1972.
It's since elaborated on to include everything a kitschy, marvelous, insane,
and somehow packed with meaning for the subgenius.
Although it might appear, like this show, to be absolute trash to those without discernment.
Those pathetic...
normworms and pig boys who crawl their way through their jobs and misperceptions that they call life.
Praise Bob.
I'm Zach. I'm Martin.
What do you want to talk about?
Oh, I have something else I need to auction off.
You know, every X day, some things instantly become relics.
And we have a couple of relics back at the camp.
That was three?
I'm probably going to get rid of them later on.
But anyway, a relic has been created.
Let me see the hands of all of those who know what teabagging is.
Eww.
Alright, you subgeniuses. You all know what teabagging is.
How many of you know who Doc Fropp is?
Alright.
One human soul.
How many of you know what Chewy Chips Ahoy chocolate chip cookies are?
Well, I'm here auctioning off chewy chocolate chip cookies that have been teabagged by Doc Fropp.
Come on!
Right before the Bulldada auction began.
All my business now.
The going price for a brand new, unopened, sealed bag is $3.69.
They're mostly gone. I was handing them out right before I came up.
Damn you!
Damn you all to hell!
I saved Princess Wade.
I would not allow her to eat a cookie.
But you Stan! Yes, you!
And the Lord.
The bidding starts at 50 cents for the last remaining teabagged cookies.
Think of the fun you could have at your next campground gathering.
Two dollars!
Two dollars! Damn.
Going once, going twice?
Three!
Three?
The text will never go away.
Sold for two dollars!
All right.
Praise the Bob!
And you're listening to PR News.
But there comes a time we need to get things done.
The time has passed.
Yesterday was also Bob Day.
PR News.
Support for PR comes from the Northwestern Pit Children Foundation, driven to suicide.
From PR News in Washington, I will not say where the bodies are being taken.
Ha ha.
And from Zulu.
This is PR Radio.
Seven provocative mental girls at noon.
From PR News in Washington, I'm in an ambush.
NPR's Brad Eglint reports.
Brad will not report in the coming days.
Philip Pan, Beijing correspondent for the Washington Post, has barricaded himself inside Beijing.
Oh yes, it's in the 46th day today.
Thanks.
Thank you.
PR News.
Washington.
The German ambassador to the United Nations.
Germany would welcome such an approach.
PR News.
We're still rolling!
Ah, well, uh...
There's much more news.
Uh, there is some more news.
But it's so depressing.
I can't go the next day.
I don't have the money.
And I don't have a job now.
And it's a long way to go.
And I don't know anybody.
And I'm being a scumbag.
What do you say to that, Philo?
What do you say to somebody that says they can't go?
I don't think I can't go the next day.
I say, son, it's good you know your deficiencies now so we don't have to fool with you later.
I don't want to have to fight and trudge over your lifeless corpse on my way to the next


day saucers.
Whatever.
But I'm making my way towards the bounciest beauty and graceful arms of those beautiful
sex goddesses.
And I will, uh, know that I don't have to worry about you taking up space and breathing
my precious air.
Pinhole.
Pinhole.
That's what I say to those bobbies that tell me that.
I say there's five reasons to choose me.
I'm drop dead gorgeous.
I will never rush you.
It's a mutual massage.
I'm sweet.
Okay.
Well, also,
you should read all these wonderful books
about military skills.
I'm taking a nap.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's what I'm talking about.
You got the X-Tank.
You got the X-Tank.
You're a little early, sir.
Y'all, yeah.
The X-Tank is like a year away now.
X-Day is over.
It's crazy to think you could go back in time
and go to this year's X-Day.
What kind of thinking is that?
I'm kind of thinking.
That's some stinking thinking.
You're going to have to get rid of that stinking thinking.
I want you to leave your mind behind.
And I want you to practice ancient Indian medicine
that offers time-tested solutions
for gastrointestinal problems.
Okay?
Okay?
Okay?

Mass hysteria.
How about a show of this country?
Mass hysteria.
Mass hysteria.
Well, I won't say that.
Okay, don't because it's...
Well, don't think of this one.
There's a company called...
Mass hysteria.
That's us on the show.
You can thank your lucky stars...
You thank your lucky stars...
Mass hysteria.
That's what you get for doing the show.
...with our divinity.
All right, 60-cycle hum on the show.
Did you bring any salty bag snacks?
That army will never reach the gates of Zion.
You have to do that at the same time.
I don't have any bagful of crunchy items.
I don't want a stupid old matrix.
How about some snacks like potato chips?
Up until now, most of the focus on UFOs has been...
Not UFOs.
Is any of this real?
And if it is real, where is the evidence?
Only by exposing the full truth around the UFO question...
...can we get to the core reasons for the intense secrecy surrounding this issue...
...and the potential use of a highly sophisticated technology...
...for the betterment of our planet.
So you know, this techno...
Lubricated tongue.
...drives you crazy at this hour of the morning.
But of course, people's funds for salty snacks...
...reflects a fundamental biological imperative.
All cells, in order to survive, have to have salt.
They've just got to have salt.
They've just got to have it.
Every cell in your body...
They're just licking it up.
They need a big old salt lick to go down there.
...jumbo-sized bag of KFC barbecue potatoes.
So how many times did you tell them the next day?
What?
Did you say somebody was rocking out in there?
Oh my God, it's Carter LeBlanc.
It's Reverend Carter LeBlanc.
Ramping.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?





What?
What?

What?


How dare he say...
I...
Oh, this...
When he sees me on the road, he tries to kill me.
I abduct aliens, and I shove them up my ass!
I can kick more ass than a five-legged girl!
I floss my teeth with ten-dimensional hyperspirant.
I blow my...
My nose is the fabric of reality!
And I lick my ass with the wool that other people pull over their own eyes!
I may not teach you anything, but don't think that you're insane!
Unbelievable, dear friends.
Reverend Carter LeBlanc suddenly fired up, leaping on the stage with the Minoan brain-eaters
jamming in the background like mad.
It's insane!
It's mad!
It's 6X Day!
It's mad!
It doesn't matter if you sell the good shit!
It doesn't matter if it's hot steroids!
It doesn't matter if...
Friends, you can't understand a word he's saying, but go, baby, go!
It doesn't matter if it's a bike merger!
It doesn't matter if it's industrial secrets!
If you're selling good shit, it's not hard to sell!
It's not hard to sell!
It's not hard to sell!
It's not hard to sell!

Anybody, anybody who has studied any form of transcendental mysticism knows, they know that this reality is an illusion.
The things that surround us are nothing at all.
And that's a great deal for you.
That's a great deal for you tonight.
Guys, if the world we live in, if the world we live in is truly nothing, then Bob Dobbs has a great deal for you.
He's got something for nothing, and it's only going to cost you $30.
Amazing, dear friends.
The Minoan Brain Eaters opening for amino acids.
And Reverend Carter LeBlanc ranting his fool.
Head off.
So how many times did you jam an X-Tank?
I jammed twice.
And then where was the success in that?
The video playment area in relation to, say, I mean, was there a mass?
Like Burning Man has a mass.
No, it was like Tranquility Base.
It would be like having a club at one of the clubs, one of the camp clubs, theme camps, as opposed to the main stage.
There is a main stage at X-Day.
And the main stage is where the events take place.
Like, you know, the...
The Bobby contest, the Alien contest.
They have to put up steel spheres pointing out where the Bobby is at.
Oh, yeah.
The Bobby is at X-Day.
I think I've seen that in the...
I took pictures of that.
If any Bobby comes too near the perimeter fence,
he is instantly electrocuted.
His frizzling body hangs on the wires until it decays and falls away.
A Faye-like lead singer that was spouting some kind of obtuse,
and then, of course, the swimming pool and the various hot tubs in the area.
There's like two hot tubs.
Hop in.
And then...
That's just a copy. Don't jump in.
You know, the various dump stations that we like to visit periodically,
and all the various places where you can purchase your subgenius...
Yeah, it's developed, but it's private.
It's like Grandview?
I mean...
Yeah.
Oh, it's much more developed than Grandview.
It's a private campground.
Yeah.
For privates only. No corporals are allowed.
So, you know, people wander around without any clothes on,
without feeling restricted or inhibited in any way.
But they can play the violin like a virtuoso without a single mistake.
The nasty stares of those traveling in subgeni that just gawk and gawk and gander.
Well, when I get up in the morning and my feet are cold, I don't like to get down on the stairs.
Flying over there.
I just touch the bone to the strings.
But then we were naturally endowed with astonishing powers of renewal, self-repair, regeneration.
And here we are, you listening, me talking.
Nothing seems different.
I don't get it.
What happened?
The aliens came.
Let's rewind that one millisecond.









When the world ended.
Alright, let's play that video.
Wow.
Oh, there the aliens are.
Oh, for goodness sake.
Cut it. Cut it.
I really like the way that sample collar made it sound so real this time.
So that's what the aliens did.
They came, they exterminated, and here we are.
Are you getting enough magnesium?
Well, I'm getting my zinc.
And I'm also getting the...
Look, he's packing his zinc into his soup bag and he's ready to go.

What about the talking Apollo 11 lunar module?
What about the maximizing your ear and brain function technique pills?
What about exorcising a demon?
Yeah, we'll bring it up to about 190 PSI.
These are the pills you take to learn the techniques it takes to make tapes that teach you those techniques.
We're preparing for the end of the show here.
I think...
Yeah, we're starting to put our records away.
We're putting our tapes back in our tape boxes.
We're putting our...
We're putting our...
Each tape in tape.
Each tape.
And our magazines.
And our various subgenius regalia back in its little packages and its holders and its holsters.
Subgenius, you mean like Nancy?
I'm putting my guns back in their holsters.
And I am wrapping up all my fish, my dead fish.
I'm just showing you my...
Reverend Hal is placing his accoutrements in his well-worn leather...
Oh, is this on?
...attaché.
I call it my pouch.
It's attached to him.
It's sewn onto his back.
Hmm, well, okay.
It may have migrated there.
It's a back pouch.
I haven't felt anything below the waist for years, but...
He go!
What?
We're doing the show over here.
Slow over here.
The matter of animal tissue...
Thirsting after lusting after salt...
Man, man, man.
...is of crucial importance.
And to keep themselves supplied with this critical liquid, animal oils have developed ways for sensing sodium chloride and other substances.
They have a few moments.
Then with their long tongues, they lick it and they slap it up.
They lick it.
They lick it.
So I guess all this licking occurred at X-Tag?
Yeah.
They had a big old subgenius salt licks where we all went down to the river together and we licked on the big old salt licks.
So what happened right at the end of the world?
What did you guys do?
The X-ists didn't come again, and of course I never get up.
It's traditional that Philo always sleeps over sleeps, knowing that when that actually comes, the sex goddesses will come to the cabin, the hierarchy trailer for me.
He is asleep.
We will not come this year.
And I won't have to worry about actually waking up.
If he is not going to wake up, we will not come down.
Sex goddesses.
Try again next year.
They're plural.
Sorry.
Goodbye.
Oh, you thought I was talking about sex goddesses?

I was talking about you.
I get it.
Okay.
Well, I was.
Actually, we were talking about you.
You probably think this show is about you, don't you?
Especially if your name just happens to be Robert.
But this show is about the one true slack master, J.R. Bob Dobbs, the pipe-smoking super salesman
of belief and disbelief.
And the infinite detail can be had about Bob at www.7eleven.com.













Or you can send me crap at stang...
Post office box 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
And now, Soso Donna with his latest mix, Voodoo Crispy X Day 6.
Bob is back.





And he's better than ever.
Hold on, Phil.
Hold on.
Ha!
Oh, hey there!
We're back!
Wait!
Oh, anxiety!
It got me.

Okay.
Thank you.
Thanks.
So, so, Donna.
And now, friends of the
Subgenius Emergency Medical Technician.
Yes, at every X-Day,
we have a nurse.
And this is her.
Our official doctor, you might say.
Real doctor, available for people
who get hurt at X-Day.
And my fellow Subgenius Foundation
employee, Reverend
Nikki Deathchair.
I know what's going on now.
I'm totally aware of everything.
Don't worry, it'll heal.
It wouldn't be so bad
if it wasn't so funny.
If it just wasn't so funny that you were hurt.
It wasn't so true.
If only it wasn't so funny
that you were hurt.
You gotta laugh at your pain.
The basis of humor
is the discomfort of others.
It's punishing.
Oh my God.
He's gonna have a
cardiac arrest.
The M.T.
will have to take it away.
Sherman Volunteer Fire Department.
He's laughing.
It's not the honest thing, the laughing
is killing me.
Let's go run around and say goodbye to everybody.
She's dying from laughter.
Okay, okay.
We're gonna say goodbye to everybody else.
It was fucked up.
It's so tragic.
I miss you guys so much.
You're the fucking popcorn.
Let's party.
We got five minutes left.
The Sudden Genius Foundation company
is a family.
It's the entire corporation.
Right here.
He's so violent.
Bob, you're alive.
Oh my God.
It's all Stank's fault
and I've had enough.
Oh, when the doms heads.
Oh when the doms heads
Oh when the doms heads
Go killing things
When the doms heads go killing things
Oh oh I want to be in that doms town
When the doms heads go killing things
Oh, when the doms heads
Oh, when the doms heads
Oh when the doms heads
When the doms heads go killing things
Oh, oh I want to be in that information town.

Bob's town.
When the Bob's heads go killing things.
Do you know, Bob needs you right now.
He needs your $30.
Banjo Bob, you insufferable inebriate.
How the fuck are you?
Oh, I took your advice, you fucking turd.
I put shoes on you, motherfucker.
You know, if I were you,
some old man told me to put shoes on.
If it wasn't for your mattress back,
Mammy, with that curb service sign
and the fucking double bed mattress on her back,
I wouldn't be a motherfucker.
Oh yes, I almost forgot.
Friends,
are you a subgenius minister yet?
Have you joined?
Have you joined the church of the subgenius?
And by that I mean,
actually send in your $35
payable by PayPal or credit card
on subgenius.com
where it says become an ordained minister
or where it says stores.
And even if you have,
do you have your well-made Bob t-shirt
from anticonformity.com?
Do you have your Arise DVD?
Sure, you can watch it
on the internet, but
it's not the same.
And it isn't the same.
It hasn't been kissed
by the lips of Princess Wee
who kisses every copy of Arise that goes out.
And I sign every copy of Book of the Subgenius.
How about that?
You can still get those from us.
But yes, the $35 for the minister's pack,
you really ought to think about it, folks.
You don't have to meet
any subgeniuses
any subgeniuses


ever,
but you will have that option.
You can't come to X Day
unless you're a member.
You can't go to the
members only
kind of smarty pants
internet forum called Scrub Genius.
I do a lot more there
than on Facebook.
Because Facebook's just a bunch of gimme bobs.
People who can't even spell Bob's name right.
Do you know that, Princess Wee?
They can't even spell Bob's name right,
half of them.
They leave off the quotes.
Oh yeah, gimme bobs.
You can tell.
It's so easy to tell.
Anyway, friends,
we'll be back next week
with more X Day recordings
and hopefully with the lonesome cowboy.
Hopefully he won't be lonesome next week.
Well, thank you.
Good night.
And praise Bob.
Yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai.
