But now, I want you to remember to stay good boys and girls.
Respect your mothers and fathers and do what they tell you.
Obey your teachers and learn a whole lot.
Now, if you do this, I'll make sure you get good presents from me every year.
But if you're bad boys and girls, your name goes in the bad boys and girls book.
And I'll bring you something horrible.
The Self Genius Hour of Swag.
A toast!
To Santa Claus!
To Santa Claus!
One, two, Santa's coming for you.
Three, four, you better lock your door.
Five, six, grab a crucifix.
Seven, eight.
You better stay up late.
Nine, ten.
Santa's coming again!
Now Dasher!
Now Dancer!
Now Prancer and Vixen!
One Comet!
One Cupid!
One Donner and Branson!
Now dash away!
Dash away!
Dash away all!
Mm-hmm.
Uh huh.
Mm-hmm.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.


Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Mm.
Who were they, number six?
Who let you in?
What are their names?
There's an organization, isn't there?
Dissidents.
Who's the head man?
Santa Claus.
Daddy, when's Santa be showing with his big red sack?
Daddy, when's Santa be showing with his big red sack?
Mrs. Claus, are you ready at last?
Your pole is ready.
I'm bumped up with gas.
It's Christmas time, it's my time of year.
Get your sweet bones cooking, let's get into gear.
Santa's red sack is packed and he's ready to roll.
You'll love them women from the hips to the toes.
Time to pack up the sled, make that be trip.
No time to complain, don't give me no less.
They're counting on me.
It's Christmas time, deliver my load.
If I don't, it's a good day.
It's Christmas time, it's my time of year.
Through the cold north sky, I'm flying my sled.
Don't need no radar, I'm using my head.
To direct my notes, if y'all do the plumb.
Tickle your fancy till the morning come.
Christmas time, it's my time of year.
Get your sweet bones cooking, let's get into gear.
Santa's red sack is packed and he's ready to roll.
You'll love them women from the hips to the toes.
Well, I come down to Cheapman just once a year.
With my big red sack and a belly full of beer.
I'm gonna bring all the women lots of Christmas cheer.
Load it in, ready, say, it must appear.
This is the story of old Saint Nick.
With his big red sack and his candy stick.
Flying back home with his beer so white.
Getting high, I'd drink some of his beer.
My mom said he had to be a very didn't down boy,
So that he could relax.


Well, I'm so efficient I gotta put an end to it.
Checker changes ass when I get aóc denim.
Christmas still, my birthday present.
To myself and to all those here.
Yes, dear friends.
Santa's Big Red Sack by Iron Liver
with Brother Cleve Duncan and Dr. Felix Krul on vocals.
And yes, it is the Hour of Slack traditional Christmas show,
which is, as always, composed of all previous subgenius Christmas shows.
But don't despair. I know the last five were exactly alike.
But this time, why?
It's half new, thanks to an amazing Christmas barrage tape
we got from the good Reverend Jerry,
most aptly named subgenius, Nutter,
Reverend Jerry Nutter,
a tape called The Hopes and Fears of All the Years.
Ah, yes.
You know, when those other tape editing geniuses
and mad collectors help us out this way,
why, it makes Slack so much easier to get
in this hectic Saturnalia season.
By the way, I should also mention that we're doing this show
entirely at home, so to speak.
Most Hour of Slack shows are at least partly put together
live on the air in the high-tech studios of KNON.
But since this show has to be ready two weeks ahead of time,
I am forced to do it here at Bulldada Time Control Laboratories,
which may help to explain the lack of background music
and my own lack of the terror of,
oh my God, we're live!
And thousands are ready to pounce on any screw-up!
Actually, I kind of hate doing shows without that panicky feeling.
And you may also notice the different ambiance,
room sound, air noise, or smells, or what have you.
The background sounds like squeaky chairs,
or differently squeaky chair.
The dogs barking and the nuclear reactor thunking away,
and the whimperings.
The sub-Bobbies.
And, of course, poor old Willa Dobbs laboring away over there.
You there, Will?
Over there across the warehouse supervising the mail order division,
hauling canisters of souls down to the basement.
Anyway, all I want for Christmas, friends,
is my two frontal lobes back
and a stocking full of slack from Bob's own illegitimate dad,
Saint Nick, or Old Nick.
I can't remember which he prefers to be called.
Old Scratch, whatever.
Oh, yes.
Oh, so nice to hear Reverend Yukon Jack's Christmas themes again,
from his kitty cat singing to you, dear friends.
Yes?
This is, uh, listen, for those of you doubtful about the hour of slack,
stay tuned, because I'm going to be playing a Christmas carol
so horrible, so anti-human, so absolutely...
I mean, believe me, you want a tape of the song,
the Christmas carol, that I'm...
recorded right here in Dallas by sick, sick minds.
Sick, sick minds.
I'm so


But Refty, wary citizen, but nothing ye dismay,
though Christ was not our savior, nor born on Christmas day
my stupid dad
to save us all tomorrow.
All from atoms, bonds, and we have gone astray.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear, trembling and fear.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear.
God love ye weary citizens, for it is such a shame
to think of cruel injustices all done in Jesus' name.
Remember when you go to church, believers are to blame.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear, trembling and fear.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear.
God help ye weary citizens, you've all been taken in
by priesthood's waxing rich and fat upon your fear of sin.
Though you may knock at heaven's door, they will not let you in.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear, trembling and fear.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear.
God save ye weary citizens, for this will make ye sick.
That Christ was just another Jew they nailed upon a stick.
He couldn't save himself, you know religion is a trick.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear, trembling and fear.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear.
Oh, tidings of trembling and fear.
Oh, yes, and we have also,
I think it's been a while since I've said this, but I'm going to say it again.

another...
Damn it, where's my script?
Yeah, a new, that is new
this month, 1990 new Christmas
Carol, or actually it's an
X-mas, no, an X-ist-mas
Carol, not an
X-mas Carol, from the mighty
Soso Dada Clanch in Elizabeth,
New Jersey.
And you'll have to listen close to the lyrics,
because I believe this one is supposed to be
being sung by
the X-ists.
Slack Boba,
dropping in the hay,
with Connie and some Cutters,
they're on X-stay.
X-ists will come on,
must be on day one,
and we will have some
Slack Boba,
squat on top of it,
do it all the day,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We'll mess this up.
Slack Boba,
Slack Boba,
hey,
hey,
Connie,
Connie,
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good Lord.
For a brief moment,
the lights will go on.
And then a bomb concealed in one of the
tree ornaments will detonate,
destroying everyone
in the immediate area.
Including the president?
Especially the president.
And simultaneously,
five beautiful rockets will soar
like avenging angels through the night sky.
And when they reach their targets...
Merry Christmas,
everyone!
Merry Christmas, everyone!
To the minds of all beings,
let's penetrate the sacred radiation.
With your fiery incendiary
missiles of mercy,
turn out the hate and normalcy
which has sought to subdue our church
and our abnormality.
Sure, let's do it.
Purify them with your cleansing radioactive breath
till nothing human exists.
And now...
...carrier ducts
charged into a million
energy-efficient particles.
Again!
Give!
Give, folks!
Give a little to poor old
Santa Claus!
Give what you can
so thems ain't got hardly anything at all!
You can have a little Christmas cheer!
Give!
Give!
Give!
Somebody will hit
like an atom bomb
when he comes,
when he comes!
You!
I said, give!

Come on!
For those of you out there who enjoy the latest in new music
you'll want to know...
Back we go.
Oh, dear friends, this is...
Magic mode.
What is it?
What is this?
Say, do we have any druids in the audience?
Well, hi, yeah.
This one's for you.
Magic Mose and his Royal Rockers here.
Have yourselves
A groovy little solstice
Mithras won his fight
From now on
The days are longer than the night
Yeah, have yourselves
A groovy little solstice
Nosh out on druid food
Yeah, make little pigs of yourselves.
Then we'll all dance naked
In a fair stew
Yeah, make little pigs of yourselves
In a fair stew
If you are a dazzling urbanite
A smug suburbanite
Hey, that's cool
You don't have to lead
A boring country life
To be a good man
To groove on natural life
As a rule
Someday soon
We'll all dance nude together
If utility rates allow
You know, those funky Boston Edison guys, you know
Until then
We'll dance nude
On our ritual nobes and bow
To have ourselves
A groovy little solstice now
Take it away, guys.
Oh yeah, all you pagans and pagans


Out there ought to get into this
Special Christmas show
Here on the Hour of Slack
This is Magic Mose and his Royal Rockers
So, are you all having a good time this evening, huh?
I sure am
Aren't you?
Yeah
Are they putting booze in the drinks tonight, huh?
Mm-hmm
Oh, yeah
Well, remember, folks
The more you drink, the better we sound
Yeah
The better I feel
The more you drink
Praise Bob
Oh, yeah
It may be a witchcraft
The Royal Rockers, ladies and gentlemen
Aren't they wonderful?
But it's wonderful
It's a wonderful one
Thank you, thank you very much
Thank you
That was wonderful
The boys, thank you
I thank you
Oh, who would love
Hey, we're swinging now
Yeah
I'm not afraid of the cold or the dark
All my life I've lived in the cold and the dark
Well, who are you, little girl?
I am Greta Vilna
Please help me, Sandy Claus
Sure, sure, I will
But where do you live?
I don't live anywhere now
Don't you know the house or the street?
There are so many houses all alike
So many streets all alike
Oh, you poor little girl
This is terrible
Please don't cry for me, Sandy Claus
I'm not afraid for myself
Only for my papa
Where's your papa gone?
To a newspaper office
A newspaper office?
What newspaper?
I can't remember, but...
He had to go
And I'm afraid they'll send him away to prison
Like they did at home
No, they won't, miss
Newspapers don't ever send nobody to prison in America
They only try to help the police
The police
That's where I better take you, miss
To the police station
Oh, no
Please, no, Sandy Claus
I'm afraid of police stations
Why?
Because people who go to police stations
Hardly ever come home again
Not here, miss
Why, if that was so in America
There wouldn't be enough jails to hold them
Now, you come on
I gotta get you out of this cold and snow
No, please, Sandy Claus
Don't take me to the police station
Only two shopping days
To Christmas Day
Well, I hope you've done all your shopping by now
If you haven't
You can go ahead and go running out to the department stores
Even now
But you might prefer to go to the department stores
And get in the Christmas spirit this afternoon
Oh, dear
It is turnover
The time of the year when all things sell
The end of the year sale
So come and get it, everyone
And just buy our products
Now, are we
I'm a little confused about what Christmas is all about
Are we celebrating the birth of Santa Claus
Or his death when they nailed him?
Well, that's the ancient, ancient subgenie
But the present subgenie is the old Santa Claus
We have a joke
James Fair, the great, the little famous
But does Santa Claus sing those tunes all the time
Capricious, he sings them all

Yeah, I can like, compete with this ridiculous


So I am
I don't know

I can start
As helmet

You know what?



Because I do
I want to know
I know
I haven't print them
What anymore
Has happened
Leave them alone
that we're inventing as we go right now.
Exist, miss.
In the town.
Snap.
Sound system.
Ho, ho, ho.
Ho, ho, ho.
Ho, ho, ho.
Ho, ho, ho.
Come on, come on.
From Bunker Bunny, here you are.
It's He-Ball.
Hey, kids, you can help the mighty subgenius rice overthrow the evil normals with...
Shopping, shopping.
Everybody shopping.
11 more days to Christmas.
It's so separate.
It's so separate.
It's so separate.
It's so separate.
New from Tonka.
Now you are in my evil clutches, Bob.
I'll use this MTV bombardment to turn you normal.
Shut up, pink boy.
No way.
I'll never sell out to the conspiracy.
Taste a little of my rocket pipe, alien tool.
Bob Dobbs comes with rockets, pipe, head launcher, janger device,
all yuck-a-tisma, fightin' Jesus.
And other action figures sold separately.
Some assembly required, batteries not included.
This toy falls apart in three days.
He-Ball.
And wrestling.
And the masters of the universe.
Too much is always better than not enough.
It isn't Queen Barbara Dolphy when I came down so separately.
Gorgeous.
Me, goose, can blow from head to toe.
Right Barbie.
From Starlight, everything you see here.
I'm a chocolate space cadet.
Life support system down to zero cocoa.
Feeling spacey.
Absolutely.
What do you think?
Is it the nativity of Santa Claus that we're trying to celebrate here?
Or is it the horrible death of the Santa Bob, the Santai Bob,
as he's been referred to in some early pre-scriptures?
Now we need roller skates for Fanny and a bicycle for Annie.
And don't forget the tie for dear old Mad.
Oh, that tie.
We just thought of something funny.
Where the heck do we get money?
We get it all funny.
On the first day of Christmas, my true love sent to me.
A new Ford custom built station wagon.
On the second day of Christmas, my true love sent to me.
A $2,000 Moray diamond ring.
A new Ford custom built station wagon.
On the third day of Christmas, my true love sent to me.
A three year supply of Libby's frozen fruits and vegetables.
A $2,000 Moray diamond ring.
A new Ford custom built station wagon.
On the fourth day of Christmas, my true love sent to me.
A complete steered.
A three year supply of Libby's frozen fruits and vegetables.
A $2,000 Moray diamond ring.
A new Ford custom built station wagon.
On the fifth day of Christmas, my true love sent to me.
A Mandeville five in one combination radio, television, phonograph, wire recorder and bar.
A complete steered.
A three year supply of Libby's frozen fruits and vegetables.
A $2,000 Moray diamond ring.
A new Ford custom built station wagon.
On the sixth day of Christmas, my true love sent to me.
A $200 Moray diamond ring.
A checkered neon color and a dark orange.
A $3,000 Moray diamond ring.
On the first day of Christmas, my true love sent to me.
A $2,000 Moray diamond ring.
A $2,000 Moray diamond ring.
A $3,000 Moray diamond ring.
A $3,000 Moray diamond ring.
A $1,000 Moray diamond ring.
The problem with illusion is the ultimate weapon.
A doll that stands up.
She's new, from Kenner.
Where illusion is the ultimate weapon.
We must buy our toys.
We have devised a marketing scheme for children's toys.
It will empower us to resist them.
You will use your church as a vehicle to bring these toys before the power.
It will be a power for kids.
Do we understand and accept this lesson?
Yes.
For the usual plus expenses.
Good.
This covenant has been required.
In the archives of reality.
Okay, I think the girls will have the strawberry rainbow bite.
And for the boys, a little tiny transformer.
Robots will change into Dr. Bill's back again.
Yes.
But how will the battle of good against evil be represented in your hearts?
Marketing schemes, human.
Good.
Good and welcome home.
Good.
Good.
The primitive earth societies should accept this value judgment.
Good will have great physical attributes according to human desires.
Sexual desires.
Latent in children.
Threats and
Quizzes.
For the drought.
That energy.



Hello to all you tissue people.
Everyone.
Tomatoes.
freely ready to go.
Mach� J.
In the night, that the little children as they sleep.
Too much is always better than not enough.
Too much is always better than not enough.
Too bad, too bad, too bad, too bad, too bad.
Too bad, too bad, too bad, too bad.
When everybody sells, we're all selling.
But we all have something to sell.
Yes, everyone selling together a mighty symphony of prosperity.
Chocolatey pebbles from you know who.
I'm a chocolate space cadet.
Hey, Mom, can we have some polyester ores for breakfast?
Sure, son. All of us moms have TVs.
So we know that polyester ores are just chock-full of conspiracy genetic coding and administrative byproducts.
That's right, Mom.
One serving of polyester ores can turn your blue-collar children into what appears to be a bag of pink pus
stuffed into a white shirt and tie.
And remember, there's a whole dead executive in every can of chunky-style polyester ores.
You have lost your reward.
Here we go.
You shall enter heaven as a servant without a single soul to your credit.
Thank you.
Oh, it's unfair.
Show him his record.
Throughout the ceaseless ages of eternity is an awful price to pay.
It is an awful price to pay.
Mom, Buck's calling you.
And we do, we're going to seriously address this issue.
But in the meantime, we have the problem of who is the Santa Bob?
Were there any readings here?
Were there any readings on the Santa Bob?
We ought to talk a little bit about Were-Bobs and Ima-Bobs tonight, Reverend Stang.
I can sense a little bit of that coming on, Reverend Stang.
The Were-Bobs and Ima-Bobs, those who have the psychosis that convinces them that they are the Santa Bob.
Or that they're Santa Bob by night.
And they go shuffling through the snow on their nameless, hideous errands, the grin of Bob and the beard of Santa Claus and the pipe of the Lord stuck on the...

They're not going to be able to get out of the snow on their face.
They stop using the locks of their doors and they just kind of float in through the keyhole.
On the seventh day of Christmas, my true love sent to me...
7,500 cans of Campbell's delicious soup.
Six $100 hats.
A Mandeville 5-in-1 combination radio, television, phonograph, wire recorder and bar.
A complete steer.
Santa's on a diet.
He was forced into exile to a San Fernando Valley health spa.
Where they forced him to take off his clothes and embarrass him.
And he ran in front of his reindeer.
Who fled in confusion and hung her into the sky.
This one, dear friends, is...
Santa Claus is coming to rape your wife.
By a band called Mechanical Sterility.
The singer, I think, is Reverend M. Schaefer of the Church of the Subgenius.
Listen to this beautiful, beautiful song.
Ah, yeah.
Santa Claus is coming
to rape your wife.
Santa Claus is coming
to rape
your wife.
He's got a gun and he's got a big knife.
Santa Claus is coming to rape your wife.
Oh, yeah, that's right.

Where are you going to do your home?
All right?

Santa killed off all his elves
Cut off their heads and put them up on the shelf
Rudolph's cold in the freezer
Packed in separate baggies
Christmas causes disappear
Is that blood in Santa's beard?
Christmas time again I fear
Christmas time again I fear
Tell me you need to getco wicked
For all the night you determination
Well thearos you don't need
Take every beating and you're up against
Christmas undone
Do not take a second, night and day
And fabricate the timing and the timing
To keep my hair in order so you especially
And I cooked up a mean reindeer stew.
Daughter and Gibson.
And Rudolph, too.
Quite tasty.
He knows when you've been sleeping.
He knows when you're awake.
He knows if you've been bad or good.
So be good, for goodness sake.
Santa Claus is coming to rape your wife.
Santa Claus is coming to rape your wife.
Santa Claus is coming to rape your wife.
On the twelfth day of Christmas, my true love sent to me...
Twelve $100 Volta wristwatches.
A Sherwin-Williams paint and varnish supply for your entire house, inside and out.
Venetian blinds and window styling throughout by Kirsch Company.
A general electric sink, combining garbage disposal unit and automatic dishwasher.
A French maid for two weeks.
7,500 cans of Campbell's delicious soup.
Six $100 hats.
A Mandeville five-in-one combination radio, television, phonograph, wire recorder, and bar.
A complete steered.
A three-year supply of Libby's frozen fruits and vegetables.
A $2,000 Moray diamond ring.
A new Ford custom-built station wagon.
A 5-up, 6A radio built with a chrome quarter dad.
Wren manTIF.




Cut that out!
A lot can happen to a kid in this hard-boiled town.
We deal too much with the seed Acesis.
Actually, the people of the big town are no worse than other people.
Yeah, more good than better even in the et场.
That is...
Out-of-the-world project.
that. Yeah?
We forget a lot of things, Harry.
That we only remember
this time of year.
Yeah.
It's still snowing.
Makes the old town kind of
pretty, almost. Yes.
It hides and
softens the man-made
ugliness. And in a moment, we'll return
to the dramatic and heartwarming climax
of Prelude to Christmas.
Perhaps I could interest you in this little
sparkler, the wild turkey
flask. Comes in its own gift box,
holds 200 milliliters,
and we've got eye-catching
point-of-sale signs to let everybody know
about them. A great stocking
stuffer, too. I love
it. You guys are beautiful.
I mean, you have thought of everything.
Of course. Great packaging,
collector's items, precious crystal,
flask. You've
thought of everything.
All this should lift your
holiday sale. Now,
I can really be
on top
of the world.
And I owe it all to you.
Hello?
Where'd you go?
Where are you? Hello?
Hello, spirit?
Where are you?
Where are you?
Where did you go?
He's got those
holiday blues.
Is that a dream?
I knew
it was too good to be true.
Merry Christmas to all!
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Christmas,
the season of turnover,
when the shelves must be cleared.
I can't get that call right now, dear friends.
You know, I got, after all
these friendly calls, I got one call from
somebody who
said, what are y'all, the usual
thing, the usual question,
what are y'all trying to do?
I go, we're trying to give you some slack.
Okay?
You know, they go, who's Bob?
I said, well, give me your address.
I'll send you some information or whatever, you know,
give the number at the end of the broadcast.
And they, uh, and, and this person,
you know, I knew there was something that they weren't saying.
And finally he goes,
well, I just hope that
it was something like, I just hope that,
you know, you can get right with Jesus or
something like that. And just hung up.
He hung up. That was the key point.
Said he didn't want to hear what I had to say
back about
that because, you know, see a subgenius has so much faith
that he not only can accept somebody making fun of Bob,
stomping on a picture of Bob, he'll do it himself.
He has so much trust and faith in Bob.
Bob is such a good friend that he can insult Bob.
Now we subgeni, I hate to get on my soapbox in the middle
of a bunch of entertaining tapes, but we subgeni may be bad,
but our way of bad is holy, is holy compared to the other way.

The evil of so not all at all by any means,
but so many American fundamentalists,
charismatic, evangelicals, et cetera, in general,
of course they and their corresponding types in Iran,
Russia, Libya, South Africa, et cetera.
If you ask me are actually the ACE up the devil's sleeve,
wolves and sheep's clothing friends, just like Jesus warned about.
I we're Jesus and Bob.
Like we say, our old drinking buddies got nothing against Jesus.
It's just,
it's his fan club.
And now we aren't saying that Bob is the ACE up God's sleeve.
He's more like the smear on God's handkerchief, just like you or me,
but the uptight rival cults, they don't think God has a handkerchief.
Uh, no.
Cause God's perfect.
He doesn't even sneeze.
We're made in his image, except that we have all these nasty parts attached to us.
And we have to go in the secret room, the bath room to do awful things.
But God, Oh, he's clean and pure according to them.
Oh, and he's male, but he doesn't excrete juices and sweat and smelly stuff out of him like we do.
Cause we sin.
Oh yeah, we all sin.
We're bad.
We're worthless.
We're no good to God unless we sign a contract with his agent.
Well, friend, Jesus himself, he spouted just about as many great punchlines as Bob, probably more, but, and this is true.
This is historical fact.
The very early mainstream Christian church.
Methodically censored about half of the existing gospels about Jesus.
They, and this is, I'm not kidding.
You can go to any real bookstore and pick up the censored gospels that they finally found years later.
They took out the parts where Jesus specifically said that every person had equal access to the Lord and that you didn't need no preacher between you and him.
That in fact was probably his main point now lost in antiquity.
That you.
Were the son or daughter of God, just as much as Jesus was or Bob.
See, but that's too humanistic for the conspiracy Christians.
So they, they wiped out the subgenius Gnostic Christians.
Anyway, I'm going to get off my soapbox.
We'll get into the hideous theological discussions coming up next week as we attack the Bobby's.
Interrupt this program for a special promotional announcement.
We turn Bob and the bastards of the universe.
We'll be back.
After this.
Happy, happy holidays.
No more holiday booze.
Silent night.
Holy night.
All is calm.
All is bright.
The night of birth.
Mother and child.
Holy infant.
Sleep in heavenly peace.
Sleep in heavenly peace.

Now the German version.
Schlecht und Nacht.
Wurscht und klacht.
Rechenschlecht.
Wir bleiben schlauer.
Schlecht und klacht.
Schlecht und klacht.
Schlecht und klacht.
W unleash bitte.
Klusen loben.
Gebe es rmyuhan wie es ist.
Schlecht und gebleicht.
Streichen embrace, der alles l normale.
Rappen unter ig 1918.
2E.
Bleibt es 새 in der encounters.

Vielleicht hat Santa Claus bestimmt ihsch Bräuchte be ABCD.
Silent Night.
Evil Night.
Starring Olivia Hussie.
K am cette femme FDP en принé le veut.
Rare for you.
Delay-
Gip
Margot Kidder.
John Saxon.
If this movie doesn't make your skin crawl, it's on too tight.
Right on, right on, right on, right on.
Right on, right on.
I am yours truly, Rudy Ray Moore, bold and still beautiful.
All right.
Baby, I want to talk to you for this kiss.
Because Christmas holds a lot of memories for me.
Baby, I've had a lot of hard times at Christmas time.
I can remember me and my brother when I was about six years old.
We hung our stockings up over the mantelpiece and the health department made us take them down.
Baby, me and my brother wore tennis shoes so long.
Now, let me tell you how long we wore them.
We wore tennis shoes Indian summer, Easter, Thanksgiving.
Then Halloween day, New Year's and Christmas.
Baby, we wore our tennis shoes so long till we wore them out up to the name on the ankle.
When we got ready to lay down, we didn't take them off.
All we had to do was fold them back, baby.
I remember my father well, you know.
My father used to wake up every morning with a headache.
He used to have, you know how tossed it been.
He used to put a...
stocking cap on his head and put a knock light in front of it.
Daddy wake up with that thumping headache.
And he said, the kids are saying, my head's hurting so bad.
He said, I don't know what Santa's going to get y'all for Christmas, but he's going to bring you something.
Daddy took that old rifle and went outside and shot up in the air and come back inside and told us the biggest lie ever heard.
He said, kid, Santa just committed suicide.
So that we can celebrate future Christmases in peace.
And he said, I don't know what Santa's going to do.
But I'm going to get back to you and I'm going to tell you what Santa's going to do.




Yet in thy dark streets shineth the everlasting light.
The hopes and fears of all the years are met in thee tonight.
So goes the ancient Yuletide carol.
You know, I'm not the only soldier who says a little prayer inside when he hears it.
A little prayer that our United States keeps strong and free.
And this I know.
God helps those who help themselves.
And it's up to us, the American citizens, to keep up our defense with a strong volunteer army.
Because there's a light that shines on all of us the whole year through.
And that's the light of freedom.
Let's keep that light burning for all the years ahead by doing our part for defense.
On the fifth day of Christmas, my true love gave to me five valiums.
Four grams of passion.
Three pounds of grass.
Two hundred reds.
And a tab of yellow sunshine LSD.
Well, yes, Ivan, thanks for coming out to Dobstown here.
And I wanted to show you the Christmas nursery.
Oh, look at these little scamps.
And to think these used to be slackless children.
What did you kids say?
Great Bob!
Oh, yes.
That's so darling.
Does that warm my Bob land or what?
Yeah.
Hey, would you like to use one of these?
Yeah, yeah.
Warm it up a little more?
They're available.
Yeah.
A discount for our...
Our subscribers, our church family subscribers can adopt one of these little scamps for a mere, oh, couple thousand on top of your usual annual fee.
That's right.
Put them to work.
Take them home.
Put them to work.
They've been trained and they'll do all sorts of tricks.
They've been trained to slack off.
Just try to get work out of some of these little guys.
Prince Bob!
Merry Christmas!
God rest ye merry gentlemen.
Let nothing you dismay.
Remember Christ.
As they who was born on Christmas Day.
On the twelfth day of Christmas must you look after me.
Twelve kids are dripping of butter and magic mushrooms.
Ten yodeling buttons.
Nine gaps of dropping.
Eight spoons of smirking.
Seven whites of buzzing.
Six joints of smirking.
Five valiant
Four grand a patch
Three pounds of grass
Two hundred mills
And a cab of milk
One shag LSD
One day the rabbit woke up and realized he wanted a hamburger.
Boy, said the rabbit to himself.
A hamburger would sure hit the spot right now.
But, having never had a hamburger, the rabbit was at a loss as to where one could be found.
I know, he said.
I'll ask my old friend, the chestnut tree.
You, Fred Tanker.
Yes?
So many confusing issues at hand, including whether or not the Santa did actually die at the hands of the cavalry that day on the Mount of Skulls,
or whether the over-modulation can be helped at some time in the far future.
So, friends, this is a song about...
Oh, I see, I see. I can control that he comes in and out of here.
Learned how to control...
We can now control the hiss.
That means that their minds can likewise be controlled by subliminal messages planted in the hiss that goes out with this show.
Stay there.
Please stay there.
I'll be right back.
Remember, you are commanded, not asked, to be firm.
You are commanded, not asked, to be firm.
You are commanded, not asked, to be firm.
You are commanded, not asked, to be firm.
You are commanded, not asked, to be firm.
Oh, yes, friends, and...
What I'm about to play, close out.
Well, there's really two of me here.
Christmas show here.
This is a Christmas show.
A tape song.
There are two Doug Wellmans in here.
By Pete Warner, the editor of famous magazine called Toilet Suck.
I'm sure you've heard of it.
Out of New Jersey, Toilet Suck is a fantastic cultural artifact.
And what we're playing right now, friends, is an album by this fellow.
It says, the irritating sounds heard on this recording are not intended to be digested as reenactments of actual events.
Sounds based on personal activity.
Monsoon familiar mechanized calf Jesus.
And it is copyrighted.
The name of this tune is The Manson Family Christmas.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Shortly after Shady and I got new ones to do joy.
Creepy boys went down.
We have to let love happen.
Charlie is our love.
We are Charlie's love.
It's our one.
It's all happening now.
Listen to that beautiful.
Charlie Manson Family Christmas.
Yes.
You know, those were different kind of family values, I think, in those days.
But who says the 60s can't live again here in the 80s?
And now, your local multinational corporation presents
some energy-saving holiday tips from Mr. Abernathy.
Hello.
Hello.
Your local multinational corporation has sent me...
...to this remote point in Australia to prove a point.
Conservation can be dangerous.
In this remote aboriginal village just outside of Sydney, Australia,
the natives were told by their government to slow down
in their consumption of gasoline and fossil fuels.
Unfortunately, the files in the government energy office on this town were lost.
So, nobody bothered to tell them when it was okay to go back to normal energy use.
Sadly enough, this town has become...
...the victim of what we call an energy surplus.
And the natives have been forced to convert many of their dishwashers,
lawnmowers, and refrigerators into these homemade, energy-hungry miniature racing guards.
Boys and girls in the village between the ages of 14 and 20
must stay behind the wheels of these primitive, high-speed, and dangerous machines
for up to 90 hours at a stretch,
just so their village can receive the next fuel shipment from their local multinational distributor.
And we'll keep on shipping.
We're shipping at our usual rates,
just so this little village can meet and surpass its energy quota.
And to think, it's all because they kept lights off when it didn't have to be convenient.
This holiday season, why not turn on all the lights in your house
and keep them on for the rest of the year?
Maybe you'll make the load a little lighter on us here at Multinational.
And a winter reminder, citizens.
Carbon monoxide, the silent winter killer, lurks everywhere.
So, if you have a gas stove, oil burner, or open flame,
make sure all the doors and windows in the room are tightly sealed,
so that none of that nasty carbon monoxide can sneak in.
Thanks, and happy holidays.
This is Mr. Abernathy, signing off from your town to you.
Scott, you made your choice.
When you rejected my word, you rejected me.
And to your eternal soul,
you have found that only could you afford
to give to God that which was his.
But you could not afford to do otherwise.
The Senate still stands.
In your outer darkness, where there is wailing and gnashing of teeth...
Sir, please give me just one more chance, sir!
I don't want to go to hell, sir!
Sir, now!
I don't want to go to hell!
No!
...live as he could be,
and the children say he could laugh and play,
just the same as you and me.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob!
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
Just like the ones I used to know
Where the treetops glisten and children listen
To hear sleigh bells in the snow
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
With every Christmas card I write
May your days be merry and bright
And may all your Christmases be white
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
With every Christmas card I write
May your days be merry and bright
And may all your Christmases
All your Christmases
All your Christmases
All your Christmases
May all your Christmases...
Be White
One, two, three,
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob,
Hey Bob and Merry Xmas!
California oranges, Texas cactus
We think you need a little more practice
Throw them in the graveyard, cover up their feet
J.R. Bob Dobbs can't be beat!
Yay!
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
