With 1951 model cars beginning to make their appearance, this is the season when a lot of drivers get new car fever.
But if a look at your bank book tells you that a new car isn't for you, then why not enjoy the next best thing?
And what is the next best thing to a new car?
The next best thing to a new car is...
The Self Genius Power of Swag.
Making your weekends brighter with celebrities, music, news, and sports.
Is he still on the line, Gary?
I think we do have a guy still there.
Is he really? Listen, since we've got him holding on the line, why don't we just find out what this pessimist club is all about.
How long has the pessimist club been around?
Oh, about ten years. But I'm pretty sure we're going to fold any day now.
I mean, assuming we're not all killed by the earthquake first.
Oh, boy, you really are a pessimist.
Thank you. I try, but of course it never really does any good.
Oh, of course.
So, Gary...
Just what do you do at a pessimist's club meeting?
We make our predictions for the next six months.
Oh, and what are they?
Well, we feel pretty sure that there will be complete and total peace throughout the entire world.
Gee, that doesn't sound very pessimistic.
Well, no, not for those who will survive the Earth's collision with the sun.
Goodbye, Mr. Negative!
I've been hearing something on the streets the last couple of weeks.
Weird stuff. Some sort of epidemic of violence, what they've been saying.
I was talking to one old boy. He told me they got some sort of cult up there.
End of the world kind of stuff.
Well, let's not bore these folks. Come on, let's have another question.
Uh, I always seem to encounter and experience a sensation much like a fit of epilepsy while contemplating the Dobbs head.
What can I do to prevent this?
Well, do you have a history of this?
In your family?
I guess that's what I would ask if this person wanted to consult with me on a one-to-one basis.
But let's make sure that this is something that you want to get rid of.
After all, contemplating the Dobbs head is an adventure in itself.
What seems to be epilepsy might simply be a shortcut through unused neural pathways to the proper enlightenment.
There might be a little raving, biting.
Or a little bit of a tongue-mashing of teeth and so forth.
That is a byproduct.
Drumming of heels on the floor.
Or just drumming.
Thanks, Hal.
We have another one, too.
Oh, good.
Well, here's one that's similar to the standard atheist question.
I expect those. We usually get a couple of them. Let's have it.
Can Bob create a sales pitch even he could not resist?
And, of course,
the answer is, to Bob, nothing is impossible.
He has created this sales pitch.
It is what we celebrate every day in the Church of the Subgenius.
We all have bought Bob's pitch.
Yes, we are buying into it.
Buying into this ever-expanding pyramid scheme, outer telescoping plan of universal domination that Bob sells.
His remedy of slack for us.
That's why Bob doesn't care about sinners.
Bob doesn't really want souls as much as he wants customers.
And by George, there's one born every minute.
Here's a good question. I don't think this is addressed in any of the books.
Does Bob have a sacred atomic element or molecule?
Or even a top ten?
Well, it is probable.
And yet, if one attempts to investigate this, assuming Bob would even allow such a probing of his inner nature,
the uncertainty principle would make it almost impossible to identify.
What about, I would think that the FROP molecule has been identified with Bob.
Well, that is true. And that's a byproduct.
And there is a...
There is a radioactivity there. A slight radioactivity.
Of course, there's radioactivity in all plants to a certain degree.
But FROP is a different matter.
FROP receives more unbroken solar radiation in its growth stage.
It's a crapshoot. It's difficult to say.
Partly because of this uncertainty principle that I mentioned.
But speaking of molecules, Dr. Howell,
have you heard about the deadly molecule or element that's been getting into our ecosystem called dihydrogen monoxide?
Yes, that's a particularly nasty one.
Many hideous chickens are coming home to roost in these, the latter days.
Yeah, friends, watch out for dihydrogen monoxide.
It gets into everything.
Cancer cells, for instance, cannot live without it.
And yet, it's in our city's water supplies.
It's in every bottle of soda pop manufactured with very few exceptions.
DHMO.
So watch out. Look at ingredients and see if it says anything about DHMO.
An incredibly powerful carcinogen brought to you by human industrial supremacy.
As little as a tablespoon of it in your lungs can kill you.
If you get it in, like, a gallon.
It's in a gaseous or liquid form.
But if in a pinch, you can use a teaspoon.
Really? Only a teaspoon can...
No, you use several teaspoons.
Well, friends, if you have more questions about dihydrogen monoxide,
there's a website about it, and you can ask us about it.
Visit it on the web at dihydrogenmonoxide.com.
We don't want to make you paranoid or anything.
Here's an, I guess this is the last question.
Well, that's it.
That was mercifully brief.
Let's check this last question.
Well, this one could go on and on.
How come all dreams I have with Dobbs in them
always have Bob killing people with his grin
or pepper spraying unruly crowds?
Do you know what purpose your dreams serve?
They may entertain you or they may distress you,
but they are a necessary part of your mental makeup.
Your brain creates these scenarios to help you figure things out.
And believe me, a lot needs to be figured out.
Bob is and always should be a dynamic figure in your dreams.
If you were to dream of floating Dobbs heads and peaceful pastoral images
like those generated by saintly Ivan Stang in all his subgenius films,
then that would be a time to worry.
But in your dreams, Bob should be an active figure,
wielding a flaming sword, destroying pinks with the sheer force of his grin
as flaming Jupiter destroyed hapless Semele.
And as for pepper spraying unruly crowds,
that simply stands as symbolic mention of Bob's incredible power of peppery pacification,
that by agitating, he can still do it.
And that will cause the crowds to sit up and listen,
even as you, my friends, are doing now.
Oh, we just got another one, so I guess we're not through yet.
Oh, this is another one I bet you've gotten some variation on before.
Oh, it's always some wag has to ask something like this.
God bless those wags.
Are you going to say no to this question?

Are you going to say no to this question?
Mm-mm, Dr. Howell?
Well, I shall say no to the question,
but only in a fashion divorced of the meaning of the word no as written here.
Instead, I would spell it a different way and say no.
Actively attempt to know.
As I actively attempt to know this question,
even in the snarkiest, snippiest, wise guy question,
there is usually, for one thing, as there is clearly here,
the answer, not hardly concealed.
Thus, my job really isn't very hard at all.
You simply look in the second line, and there's the answer to this question.
And so I say, this question, now that I have attempted to know it,
I have essentially said no to.
So the answer, of course, is yes.
Praise Bob.
Nyes!
Answer nyes!
Nyes to all the problems of life.
And to the questions you have, such as what happens for the rest of this festival
since we don't appear to be on board the escape vessels.
Well, there's plenty of great fun coming up, isn't there?
Yes, we can drown our fun at the beer tasting,
which I love.
I suppose if you aren't contributing, you could probably beg.
You can beg from Princess Wee and me.
You can beg for beer at X Day.
Yeah, you better beg good though, boy.
What else?
Well, we've got, and I'm not, where is the beer tasting?
And frock beating?
I think it's mostly liquid.
Oh, I see.

I'm not sure what materials we're talking about.
Traditionally, it's been at the Cui-Gi-Bo camp.
I think that's where it is again.
I haven't been there yet myself.
It is.
But it's down that away.
Gaudy, well-illuminated camp that can be seen from a great distance away.
Wisely placed near the four flushers.
Yes, every ease can be taken.
And also near the round house, which is that big structure made of mastodon ribs in the
middle of the campground down the road there.
I hope that some professional pagans show up for the weekend and do their drumming and
fire starting and stuff.
Those are things subgeniuses have not mastered.
This morning I was asked about the date of the baptism.
That is listed in the schedule for one o'clock on Saturday.
That's morning for a subgenius.
Everything starts at one o'clock.
It's listed as the water baptism.
Oh, that's right.

And also I had heard tell of slip and slide and other dangerous water sport oriented things.
You can throw your hip out.
Yeah.
People with unthrowable hips and so forth should definitely.
You could poke your eye out.
Yeah.
I've actually had my eye poked out and my hip thrown out.
You think it couldn't happen.
Yeah.
Man, my brother shot me with a BB gun.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So friends.
But the greatest thing on the schedule is completely unknown.
The fact that it's a mystery.
In fact, there were two bands that were supposed to play tonight and I think Bonobo Convergence
will be landing here, but possibly not in time to do much, but sort of jam.
So I think it's going to be a jam up here tonight.
When it gets dark, I can project something I've been wanting to show for a while.
I accidentally.
Videotape.
Yes.
A UFO flying over this campground last year.
That's about seven 20 on July 5th.
We didn't see it at the time and I didn't look at the footage until two weeks ago, but
I can't wait to show it to everybody.
It's not real, real clear, but it's definitely weird.
It's it's a, I don't want to build your hips.
You're not going to see like a flying saucer, but it's like a weird light that zips past
some trees.
While Susan.
I don't know.











She is bitching about there not being any.
UFOs and it's right behind her head.
Yeah.
So we'll show when it gets dark enough for the, for it to show up properly.
This artwork, by the way, is all from all stuff that was posted to all dot binary slack
over the last year and most of it is by Fernanda.
Nanday.
Lee.
Murr, the only subgenius cool enough to call himself Mister instead of Reverend or post.

or saint or anything.
Mr. Fernando Nanny Lemur,
the great invager,
and the great heart ignition.
And there's a whole bunch of other people's work
thrown in there too,
but those guys way outnumber everybody else.
And compulsive,
the obsessive compulsive disorder
of Dobbsheadism.
So friends,
we forge on ahead
through the X day,
which is just beginning.
Yes, Bob has once again
taught us the lesson
that we don't know shit.
And he could show up
at any minute, the X's.
The rupture could be in the next 30 seconds.
Are you ready?
You have that membership card in your pocket.
You have that Dobbshead
ingrained in your mind.
Is your heart
focused on J.R. Bob Dobbs,
my friends? Yes!
That is all that counts!
Bob is the one!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Oh lordy, lordy, lordy.
It's all too wonderful.
And praise the great movie composers.
Praise them, dear friends.
And praise Dr. Howell.
And ask Dr. Howell
from live on Hour of Slack
from the stage at 10X day.
And to see that video
of the UFO over Brushwood
in 2006 on Google Video,
go to video.com.
video.google.com
and search for
UFO sighting
at subgeniusxday.
Friends, this is
subgenius hour of Slack
number 1112.
This particular injection
is for Reverend Magdalene
and her child custody case
which was discussed
at Starwood 27 and at 10X day.
In fact, one of the decisions
was handed down by the court
during a live X day.
Hour of Slack.
And you'll hear that.
You'll also hear
Dr. Leemur
and Reverend Susan Flusy
who brought us this show's openings
and Bonobo's Convergence
who did the background music
heard right now live at X day.
But now, the news.
This is PR.
PR comes from select theaters.
PR now.
PR news.
PR news.
PR.
PR.
From PR.
PR news in Washington,
I'm quickly wrestled to the ground
by security officers.
Can proceed as if nothing had happened.
Defense Secretary Robert Gates
said he could disrupt shipping
through the Arabian Gulf
despite an alert issued by health officials
on Wall Street 755-253.
The Labor Department
reported today that this is PR news.
New French Prime Minister
Tony Blair tried to jump
into Pope Benedict's Popemobile
to commemorate the 63rd
anniversary of PR news in Washington.
And suddenly I'm getting really serious here.
My employee, Jesus,
also known as Steve Bevilacqua,
he used to run the teen activities here.
It's like a fox watching my hen house.
He met a beautiful young lady at X day,
our festival that's a couple of weeks before Starwood.
In 1997, he met this girl, Rachel.
And in 1998, he married her right on this stage.
She already had a child though.
At that point, she became known as Magdalene.
Now, many of you have heard about Rachel Bevilacqua
or Magdalene having lost her custody of her child
to a guy, should I talk out of school or what?
This guy, nothing wrong with being an unemployed person
living in a trailer court because you've got,
what is it, chronic fatigue syndrome.
Man, I wish I had that.
This guy's been a lot of fun.


He's been a this whole life.
He's had pulled a on a .
He's just a jerk.
And yet, the mom, Rachel, is married to a guy with a good job.
She works as a legal something.
She's got a degree in English literature and so forth.
But she wasn't a fit mother because in her house,
they have pictures of Bob Dobbs.
And this New York judge, Judge Punt,
decided that between that guy and the woman who
works for Church of the Subgenius,
she's an unfit mother.
And this case was dragged out for well over a year.
And most of the time, this guy had the kid.
Finally, it made the news to such an extent.
And the judge, finally, after reading numerous newspapers
and websites about what the incredible, dumbass,

he was, to think Church of the Subgenius was a devil cult.
That's like arresting somebody for having
a picture of Alfred E. Newman.
If you're a mad fan or if you've ever
taken your shirt off in front of anybody,
including your own kids, then this judge in New York State
will take your child away from you.
Because you might have had fun at some point.
I guess strippers should all have their kids taken away,
too.
I don't know.
The whole thing was ridiculous.
And yet, by 10x day, Magdalene ended up
waiting for a four-judge appellate court panel
to decide her son's fate.
By that time, of course, she wasn't
the only one waiting to hear.
The whole x-day audience was awaiting the decision
during Ask Dr. Howell.
Now, there's also some serious suspenseful stuff going on.
I wish I didn't have, I wish it wasn't, but Magdalene's decision was supposed to happen
half an hour ago, according to my human clock.
And we don't know.
It was, and get this, I mean, this is just somebody finding out the fate of her child
for the next several weeks.
It could be delayed.
But you don't go to the court and the courthouse and have the judge tell you.
You look it up.
You look it up online, the fate of your child.
That's progress.
So I trust that at this point, she's probably checking the website and hitting refresh,
trying not to be terrified, you know, and have her stomach in knots, although I'm sure
it must be tough.
So our thoughts are with her.
They are.
Yeah.
And our suspense.
I wish I could say that was a big subgenius put on, but it ain't.
I used to worry about that happening to me and my family.
My wife was a schoolteacher, elementary schoolteacher.
That could have looked bad.
Yes, and you were far more culpable.
Yeah, way more.
She, Magdalene and Jesus really were just employees of Subgenius Foundation.
Yes, but in your case.
And the Son of God also.
But that's just.
It's just a coincidence that they went .
The Son of Man also.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know his dad too.
Joe, believe it or not.
So, anyway.
As in the book of Joe.
Yeah.
I've read some great books lately.
Oh, you have?
Yeah, there was a book about lost socks.
What happens to your other sock.
Oh, well, thank you.
By some mad scientist.
I forget his name.
Dr. Perditas Pedal, MD.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You can actually find this scientific book.
It's the kookiest kook book I've ever seen in my life.
This guy totally seriously goes into the mystery of what happens to lost socks.
That single other sock.
He's not concerned with pairs of socks.
Well, mismatched.
That's what I'm wondering.
Mismatched, right.
The full title is The Meaning of Lost and Mismatched Socks.
Friends, you know, as it's said somewhere in the scriptures.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The true visionary can see the future in the bottoms of wine bottles and in comic books.
It's just like reading tea leaves, only it's actually a lot easier to read than that.
Yeah.
We go for the easy reading version.
Yeah.
Actually, we were going to do a normal version of the pamphlet.
It was going to be the pamphlet in normal.
It would basically be pictures and very short sentences in big print.
This is Bob.
Bob.
But do you want money, a fast car, pretty girls?
Bob can help you.
Don't you hate your boss?
Picture of a devil boss kind of hitting a guy.
Yeah.
And so forth.
It would be about eight pages long and at the end it would tell him to send $40 to Bob.
People have been asking when we're going to raise the price.
I think that would be the way to do it on the normal pamphlet.
Well, you missed the opportunity to raise it to $33 by 10X day.
Well, we have intelligence from Modemac now.
Oh, my God.
Oh, Magdalene says they awarded custody to the father.
Did you talk to her?
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
So, the decision came out online on the website for the Appellate Court.
That's the appeals court.
And the panel has decided that custody should be awarded to the father.
They are sending this case back to family court to determine a visitation schedule for Magdalene.
And, well, beyond that, I think it's a good time to say that we're going to be making a decision.

I don't think she's even had a chance to speak with her lawyer yet.
So, this is all we know at this point.
We cannot even say what the final decision is until the lawyer approves it.
But this is definitely what it sounds like.
I'm sorry.
It says humor on the back of that book.
Yeah, I know.
Judge Punch claimed there was nothing funny in the book.
Okay.
I'm sorry.

Not now there isn't.
I'm shocked, actually.
I'm amazed that they would do that.
We haven't, we've heard of something like this happened to another young mom about ten years ago,
and we didn't hear about it until very recently.
Not another subgenius related thing?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was a situation where a subgenius was brought up in court and made to look like some really bad,
bad thing.
Ten years ago?
It is a bad thing, but not that way.
It's just bad jokes.
Damn.
I guess those people on the other side of the world aren't the only religious nuts you have to worry about, huh?
Yes, you have to worry about all religions.
Yeah, the war on terror just came home.
Well, wherever you have religion, you have a lack of education about important topics.
Now we're going to need money.
Magdalene's lawyer, by the way, as far as I knew, he brags that he's never lost a case,
and he specializes in this kind of thing.
In fact, this law firm defended Marilyn Manson in some sort of freedom of speech type issue,
and won, and they've had a history of that kind of thing.
They're getting paid, though.
They aren't doing it for free.
And the last I heard, her legal bill was 75 grand.
They don't have to have that all at once, but a few months ago, the lawyer said,
I really need 10 grand now, and they were tapped.
Jesus works a 9 to 5 job in England, which is why he's not here.
And hasn't been able to see this kid in all this time, hardly at all.
And her parents were strapped out.
They'd maxed out their credit cards, and they're not a rich family.
But we managed to raise 4,000 bucks for her during the last emergency like that,
just on the online thing.
God, I hate to have to keep doing that.
It's so ironic, because when I get home,
if the law firm says, I'm going to pay you, I'm going to pay you, I'm going to pay you,
this news will go to a boing, boing website, which a lot of people read.
And I'll probably have a booming amount of orders for subgenius memberships.
Whenever something terrible happens to Magdalene's family, it makes the news.
And a bunch of people go, oh, yeah, Bob.
Well, yeah, fuck them if they can't take a joke.
I didn't have $30 10 years ago, but now I do.
It's over life.
I wish there was a better way for us to get PR
than have somebody's life just put on totally on hold.
That's what it's like.
It's like they don't know anything,
because there's always these endless expensive appeals you can do.
But in the meantime, the only people who are getting anything out of it are lawyers.
Yes, they're bleeding them dry, the lawyers are.
But it's just the way it is.
And they're just dragged out so long.
And this kid is, you know, he was 10 years old or nine when it started.
Seriously, they got along for nine years.
The kid was traded back and forth, and it was not a problem.
But then as far as we can tell, what happened was the father's family got vengeful
and just wanted to screw the Bevilacquas, which it was easy for them to do,
because they get free.
They're destitute.
So they get free legal.
The Bevilacquas, meanwhile, because they're working three jobs between the two of them,
have to pay for lawyers, expensive lawyers.
And they'll be paying for years, too.
And they're such nice folks.
A nightmare being mocked in the court, too, by the judge.
This little kid is such a sweet kid.
She said to him something like, you know that there's no devil stuff,
and we don't even believe in the devil.
That's all, you know, just, it's all silly joking, play acting.
And the kid goes, well, some people, this is after staying with his dad for a long time,
well, some people don't feel that way.
Yeah, that's for sure.
Unfortunately, there are people in power.
I thought the mom was always automatically, they always biased it for the mom.
That's another curious thing about this case, that why do they continue giving it to the kids?
Because they're not giving it to a child, to an unemployed person who lives in a trailer.
Right, doesn't make any sense.
And not to a couple who are, you know, both making money and provide a stable home.
Yeah, they've got degrees.
Maybe it's anti-intellectualism.
Maybe they're trying to show the fancy folk up or something like that.
Well, you know, I think there's some of that.
It's not so much the Bob thing.
It's almost like a class thing.
And plus, you know, broken homes, it can be unbelievably nasty.
Tear you up more than anything in the world.
That's why we...
It's rough being a primate.
That's true.
We know the joys as well as the sorrows of our simian birthright.
Damn.
.
Two weeks later, not only were we getting calls from the likes of the Dr. Phil show,
but the case had again changed, this time in her favor,
as is somewhat explained at the Starwood Festival.
Two weeks ago, you know, they never really believed in a conspiracy of fundamentalist Christians
because they're not paranoid people.
They're nice people.
But when four judges unanimously decided that the
should get the kids,
who is he's a good Christian, understand.
He was a church-going person.
He'd .
But, you know, you know how it is.
You've heard the old, the jokes, I'm sure.
Anyway, all four of these judges decided to give him full custody.
And we were shocked.
Everybody was shocked.
I can't say too much about it, though.
But just since then, everything sort of turned around
because it turned out the dad, unbeknownst to those four judges,
had just done his third .
And it was on a school day.
So, I don't know how it's all going to end up,
but there's another hearing in August.
And three days ago, the whole family,
or all three of the Bevilacquas were together
for at least until this hearing happens.
And it sounds like, as disgusted as the judges are,
with old pipe-faced Bob Dobbs and those evil subgeniuses
with their takeoffs on Mel Gibson,
and the
Gibson movies,
that it may be even as evil as we are,
that the kid might end up getting to stay with his mom.
So, good news.
Subgeniuses try not to pray
because, you know, we never know who also might be listening in.
Then they know what scares you.
But any good vibes you might want to send that way.
You know, that kind of crap is supposed to happen in redneck Texas,
not sophisticated New York.
And yet, I raised two kids while running this evil devil cult,
and my ex-wife was a schoolteacher the whole time.
Well, this is what you say.
Officer, Your Honor, have you ever heard of Mad Magazine?
That's the only way they can understand it, friends.
Hello, you're on the air.
Good evening, Stan.
Just in time, I heard you say you had another caller,
and I forgot that I was even calling in.
The phone was sitting next to me.
Yeah.
So...
Turn my radio off.
Turn my radio off.
Turn my radio off.
Oh, and here, now we do have a fourth caller.
Hello, you're on the air.
Dick.
Yeah, you're an idiot.
It's an OBS 3545.
What, an idiot called your show?
Go figure.
Who'd have thunk it?
Who'd have thunk it?
That was probably one of the judges from Magdalene's trial.
You know, honestly, so what kind of appellate court was this
that handed down this decision that permanently took away the child from Mags?
Like, what was the...
It was the New York Fourth Appellate Court.
New York Fourth Appellate Court.
Did these judges actually go to law school?
I don't know. Presumably.
Because I don't know if Judge punched it or not,
but I know in New York State, like, you know, you usually have, like,
justices who are in charge of the court.
You don't have to be a justice of the peace handling everyday court matters.
Like, I think Judge Punch is technically a justice of the peace.
You don't have to be a lawyer to do that job.
You know, even...
And, you know, they often...
They often ignore conflicts of interest and go ahead and, you know,
preside over cases that involve neighbors and friends and family members.
And, you know, there's been complaints about that in New York State for a long time.
And, you know, frankly, I'm wondering when the test case is going to happen
where somebody tries to sue the State of New York
for violating their civil rights, basically, by not giving them due process.
Wow, that would certainly bring attention to the Church of the Subgenius
if that were done in this particular case.
I mean...
I don't know if this would be a good one to try that with.
Yeah, I don't know any of the details about this ruling,
what their rationale was,
and I don't know what the qualifications of the judges were either in this case.
But, I mean, you know, if...
You know, when people's lives get ruined by us,
underqualified judges hearing cases like this...
Well, in any case, let's take another caller here.
Hello, you're on the air.
Hello, you're on the air.
It's Dr. Drummond!
I'd recognize that cough anywhere!
You okay?
Alright.
No.
And that was another one of the judges from Magdalene's trial.
Yeah.
No.
Their denial of service attacks.
Oh my God.
Great job working.
The Judge says he wants to REP...
The Judge says he wants to REP...
He wants to REP...
He wants to REP...
The Judge says he wants to REP...
He wants to REP...
He wants to REP...
The Judge says he wants to REP...
He wants to REP...
the judge says he wants to rap
the judge says he wants to rap
the judge says he wants to rap
Up by Norrell Preff of Norrellpreff.com
at now five-fisted Tales of Connie
with the Reverend Carter LeBlanc on the bullhorn at 10x day.
When they came from the turkeys
When they came from the star wars geeks
I did not stand up
for that not a star wars geek
When they came
for the dungeons and dragons players
I did not stand up
for I was not a dungeons and dragons player
When they came
for World at Warcraft
I did not stand up
because I do not play World at Warcraft
When they came
for the aliens
I did not stand up
for I am not a alien
When they came
for the scientologists
I did not stand up
for I am not a scientist
when they came for the alien
When they came for the alien
I did not stand up
for I am not a alien
when they came for A Syn platform
I did not stand up
when they came for e a
conscious
I did not stand up
when they came for used car dealers
I did not stand up when they came for air conditioning repairmen.
I did not stand up when they came for corners.
I did not stand up when they came for pizza delivery boys.
I did not stand up when they came for coal heaters.
When they came for Ivan's steak.
I did not stand up when they came for George Bush.
I did not stand up when they came for Dick Cheney.
I did not stand up when they came for Arthur C. Clarke.
I did not stand up when they came for David H.
Who were they coming for?
I wasn't going to stand up. It doesn't matter.
But when they came for the subgeniuses, I stood up.
Because fuck everybody else.
And my friend, if you would like to help Reverend Magdalene financially with her legal bills,
you can do so if you go to subgenius.com and click on the link for news.
You'll find what you need.
Thank you.
Oh, I noticed somebody told me that they had studied under some kind of school of something.
Some fancy name school of something.
And they could raise their body temperature and make their body...
Oh, he's talking about yogis that could sit in the snow and you just see the steam rise off of them.
They could melt ice by putting their hand on it.
Friends, I know how to do that too.
And I didn't study.
Well, I flunked a lot of those mystery schools.
And I read the Cliff Notes.
I skipped through Manly P. Hall's Secret Teachings of All Ages.
That's all you need to start your own cult, by the way, is that one book.
But here's my secret.
You can really make yourself hot.
Just think of all the stupid things you ever did.
Think of every time you were a jerk.
Think of every time you were a jerk.

Think of every time you said something you didn't really mean.
Or bullied somebody just because you could.
Every time that you've said something snotty about somebody and then they happen to be right behind you.
Man, your body will heat up to 180 degrees.
And those of you young people who think it won't catch up with you, it will.
All your crimes that you forget now will come back to you when you're laying in bed at night when you're 50
and really need to get up in the morning.
That's my mystic wisdom for you.
Same thing Kurt Vonnegut used to say.
Be nice.
The problem with that, of course, is, well, yeah, first we must destroy all the un-nicers.
You know, there just seems to be no answer to it.
We're always looking for people who can, you know, it's like there's all these gurus running around going,
you're programmed.
You're a robot.
Break free of your programming.
I figured out not too long ago that I was one of the robots that I was programmed to stand in front of the other robots
and go, you're a robot.
You're programmed.
Break free of your programming.
This is a recording.
Break free of the matrix after this important message.
Aye yi yi.
Stand by for Bob.
I'm Joe.
Hi.
You're in Los Angeles.
Expect me to do it at least once a week.
Jack.
Sounds like one of those crackpots to me.
Let's hope so.
It makes the trip more interesting.
Do close, close, close, close, close for comfort.
He was the ugliest man I'd ever seen.
Besides normally twisted features,
He had a ragged scar running from the corner of his mouth to his right ear.
What's it all about? What's it all about?
So I better begin at the beginning.
I'm a very ugly man.
Oh, this is exciting.
Oh, come in, Bob.
Oh, come in, Bob.
This is my brother, Bob.
Oh, how do you do, Bob? How do you do?
Is this the man you've been telling me about?
Yes. I've been urging him to come and see me for a week.
And Bob didn't intend to be rude.
Well, Bob has been taking care of me.
How about a little kiss?
Nuts.
Bob! Hey, Bob!
Why are you pointing that gun at me, Bob?
Hey, who's that?
How should I know? I know.
That's what fits you.
I was so confused and disillusioned.
My name ain't Ray. It's Bob.
Before that was Joe. Before that was Charlie.
Stop it, Ray. Stop it.
Shut up, you little tramp. Tramp.
Well, listen to that, will you?
I'm not altogether a fool, Bob.
Coming in the rear. Coming in the rear. Coming in the rear.
Let him have it. Let him have it. Let him have it. Let him have it.
What? What? What? What?
What? Tell me. Tell me. Tell me.
Bob's bullet caught a squirreler between the eyes, killing her instantly.
It's probably just as well.
Her fate would have been the gas chamber.
As it will be the fate of Bob.
Her alleged brother.
Fate of Bob.
Bill Meggs was on Bob like a leech the second after he pulled the trigger.
Fate of Bob.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Fate of Bob by Norel Preff.
And friends, this is hour of slack number 1112.
And for more information about the church of the subgenius,
you can certainly check out
subgenius.com.
genius.com or write to post office box 181-417 cleveland heights ohio 44118 and now a song by
referring crow winters called humans
humans
they look like humans to me
if i was smarter i would be
quicker to drive them down into the ground into the dirt into the sky like my mother taught me
they look like humans to me
i like to keep them guessing
because who amongst them has the right to know the truth stay up all night their elegance is
fetish pathetic creatures memories i'd have to say my biggest fear is if a folk died in his tears
they just gonna elect another it could be a full motherfucker and i didn't say that but
i guess i really did if i should live my life with fear of all the things i might say i might as well go ahead and say
you animals you piece of kings you tried me to do and more with things yeah i could blame it on you
yeah i could blame it on you but that would make me human too
and they look like humans to me
so
so
so



















as i stated once before i like to keep them guessing
like my mother taught me
hey

, i like to keep them guessing
so they can't see when i grow up
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
i like to keep them guessing
i like to keep them guessing like my mother taught me she taught me she taught me well
i like humans
they look like humans
hahaha
they look like humans to me
they look like humans to me.
Humans are, they look like humans to me.
They look like humans.
They look like humans.
Crow Winters, friends.
And you can get more at www.crowwinters.co.nr.
And friends, we had a great band at 10X Day called Bonobo's Convergence.
As seen at bonobosmusic.com.
And I'm going to let this recording from Saturday night at X Day end our world.
This is a song about false religion.
This is a song about false religion.
This is a song about false religion.
This is a song about false religion.
This is a song about false religion.
This is a song about false religion.
This is a song about false religion.
This is a song about false religion.
This is a song about false religion.
This is a song about false religion.
Through sweet-sour times, there's a hero's love.


Bored on voyager
The Jack was loud like a
All they want is to think about the end
They call the death of Gaia
They crawl away from thought
All they want is to think about the end
They tell us all we're dead
While they sell our souls for us
All they want is to think about the end
Would I make it all stop if I was standing on top of the world?
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
So let me think of this shell
Oh, oh, oh
The
Yeah
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

That song's called Rapture This.
Thank you, Bonobos Convergence,
and thank you, bonobosmusic.com.
And you know, friends,
bonobos de-antigrams to Bob Soon.
