You will hear an important message prepared by Director J. Edgar Hoover.
Who are you?
Of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Who are you?
J. Edgar Hoover, Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation,
has prepared this following important message.
In case of the hour of slack, remain disturbed.
Do not act normal so far as possible.
But now let me tell you a story that I think will tug at your heartstrings as it did mine.
The Self-Genius Hour of Slack.
Shut up, listen.
From PR News in Washington, I'm demonstrating in pro- and anti-Russian rallies
at the South by Southwest Interactive Festival in Austin, Texas this weekend.
The BBBBB reports violence erupted with whips at a pro-protest on the peninsula.
Middle-aged women turned up in a car park.
First, they attacked the driver of a white VW.
A man was hit by a van, smashing his windscreen.
Another driver was dragged into some bushes, kicked, beaten, and lashed with a Cossack's whip.
We managed to run away.
The BBBBB.
The search for Americans is continuing in the South Saturday morning local time.
I spoke to Ignatius Ong, and Ignatius said they want to believe that Ong said this to us.
The, expect the worst, the, uh, the.
As the search continues, the International Criminal...
Criminal is investigating two stolen PRs.
Interpol says it's likely that this is PR.
PRs report reports Italians are holding an assault rifle.
Completed by Michelangelo in 1504, the large, shiny, bolt-action assault rifle is a national icon.
It's a symbol of democracy in the city of Florence.
Culture Minister Dario Franceschini said it's selling for $3,000.
Franceschini said Italy has a copyright on state-owned PR news.
The controversial...
Founder of WikiLeaks is hinting that this is PR.
Well, folks, we are going to introduce our first guest.
And, in fact, it's a pair of guests.
It's Reverend Ivan Stang and also Jeff Rosenbaum to talk about a, I guess I'll call it a self-created religious movement to some extent.
But you'll correct me and describe exactly what it is.
Reverend Ivan Stang, welcome to the Friday Show.
Boy, thanks.
It's great to have you here.
Interesting to do a radio show from a mall with little trains running through.
I'm not used to that.
Sure.
By the way, the ladies under Carmen Salesman will be here in just a moment.
So make sure you stock up.
Figure that one out.
Yeah, okay.
That's right.
So, Reverend Ivan Stang, Jeff Rosenbaum, who is here with us, told me about you because I was at a wonderful establishment that Jeff runs on East 195th Street.
There at the Euclid-Cleveland border.
And I saw emblazoned on the wall a classic picture that you see as part of a graffiti.
And show that to Chris so he can see that and recognize it.
And that picture is a guy smiling with a 1950s-style haircut and a broad smile with a pipe sticking out of his mouth.
And I see it painted on railroad cars.
I see it on bridges.
I've seen it on the sides of mailboxes.
Graffiti artists get bold enough to do that.
It looks like it came directly out of the ads.
I've seen it on the sides of people's sides and their heads and their legs.
Ted's old.
Yeah.
It's very cool.
It's a very popular tattoo.
So, this is one of the most famous tattoos slash stencils in the history of the world.
What's behind it and what's the connection with you and your religion as Reverend Stang?
Oh, we're out of time.
I'm so sorry.
Well, tonight, dear friends, we're going to try a new money-raising technique.
It's real simple.
The more you pay us, the funnier and yet more biting and trenchant and perceptive.
Our wonderful show.
Will be.
So far, only a few people have called in, so the show is still fairly silly and immature.
Although, still, no doubt better than anything on television.
Eh?
Uh, what now?
How are you?
Hi, Waldo.
How the hell are you?
Wow, we're just...
I sure am.
Well, don't have a cow, Waldo.
Let's you and me go see what's cooking up at Bud's.
You mean where the corn dogs are puffing?
Hot char?
That's right, Waldo.
Are you ready?
Yep.
Nope.
Afraid, dear friends, you aren't ready.
That one, that one's just...
We haven't even reached that level of intelligence yet because you haven't paid enough.
As more people pledge, the material in the show will gradually become more relevant,
more timely, more sophisticated.
And when we've raised 500 bucks, we'll turn the wit factor up to .5 degrees.
At $700, we'll achieve pithiness.
We'll reach pithiness levels above, well above 97%.
And when we reach, dear friends, when we reach our goal of 1,000 American dollars tonight,
when we reach that point, if we can reach that tonight, by then it will be the greatest
audio production in the entire universe.
Now, for now, it's still pretty stupid, I guess.
And, uh, because we're not going to be smart for nothing, friends.
We're subgenius.
Subgeniuses.
We must have slack or money.
Uh, because, well, for instance, as it says here in Slackalonians 4.25,
he was delivered, de-kidneyed, and eviscerated for our sins and was regurgitated from the
gorge of living death, even for the justification of these hours.
All of this must be looked over the history of our society.

And if you recall the case that the sap has completely taken over America and the world
within its own hands, cabins and howrails are quite different in color, but regardless






set purpose and knowledge, and you, speaking to the people of Dobstown, even with the second
helping of Rugo's pinkish-eyed ones, put him to debt by nailing him to the crosshairs
of Gwellman's gun site.
For Bob so shoved the world that he gave up his only besotted Sunday Supplement subscribers
that he, rather than they, should have the effulgence of slack unending, in order that
they be sure to endure eternal life, yea, to itch his own even unto the hind end of
the world.
Yet Dobbs regurgitated, freeing his epoptitude from the agony of slacklessness, for it was
impossible.
For knee ye, whose grunt is knee, to keep his hold on him, Dobbs went out on stage throughout
the night of slack for ye and everyone to prepare the way for us to leave the house.
Moronicus 2, 611.
Bob, who being in very nature Dobbs, did not consider equality with anti-Bob something
to be grasped, clutched, or palpated.
But rather...
Smoked in his living pipe, like a fine burly or rum-soaked shag, he himself nothing taking
the very nay, sure, taking instead the very nay-ture of a salesman, never taking no for
an answer.
And being in appearance as a man, he fumbled himself in the dark, staining the sheets,
and became obedient to entrop.
A.
Therefore God exulted and chortled to himself, but we gave Dobbs the name that is above every
name, Salesman of the Year, that, at the word of Bob, every knee should water, and each
human soil the tops of his shoes.
And now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether this cult, that cult, or for
that matter, any cult, should so long endure.
We are met!
On a great potter's field of that war!
These bland pinks, living and dead, shall little note nor long remember what we do here.
By the way, I forget, what is it that we are doing here?
Oh yeah, it is for we the living to confess that J.R. Bob Dobbs is dead to the infinite
gratification of Jehovah One, the Father, senile, infinitely maligned space god.
Jesus came to the world to be a god.

He came here as a servant, but Dobbs came as a salesman.
Prescriptures, 2019.
And he came unto the daughters of the farmers, and knew them well, when there was no room
for him to be by himself during the night.
And in the morning, before the sunrise, he continued travelling upon his route, so that
the franchise might not be usurped.
Yes?
And to this day, it never hath been so.
Bobbs is still the route.
Bobbs is still the franchise.
And now, dear friends, as Sister Basilica passes out among you, as she sniffs the contents
of the collection plate, each and every one of you, dear friends, should reach down, deep
down and give to the church of the powerful blinding apostasy.
Which fears no throne, but exalts in its own freedom to scatter its fundaments on the
earth, soiling the uppers of its shoes, to let down the inward-produced product of its
concentration, fertilizing the fields of science, sorcery, art, and religion.
Ah, ah, for lo, the frop cloudeth my brain, and my body, and my soul, and my soul, and
my shield, and my buckler, and my shield, are ripped away.
I am naked before thee, Dobs, all nagoi, thou who hast unbuckled my buckler, and unsnapped
my shield, which was my sole protection, yea, my buckler being so unbuckled.
I am even as a poe-buck, or buck naked, before Bobb.
Bobb dashes a bucket of ice-water over my loins.
The buck path is not, for the buck and the doe dwell in the same forest.
The buck is Bobb.


He is bucking tradition.
He changeth brick bats into buckets of bucks.
Bucks, bucks, yea, bucks, bucks, but awkward bucks, difficult to explain away.
I am chicken before my epopt, yea, fowl, like the birds of the ground.
Neuroticus 13, 6.
Oh, sick, sick, sick is this world, O Bobb, who hath beslimed the ground after thee, even
like unto the slugs and snails.
The slugs are the snails of the garden, whose chambered shells we step on and crush inadvertently.
Thou art not the healer, but the pharmacist, for thou dost sell unto us thy remedy of slack,
and it is unto us that we pay over to you the price, the price, Bobb, which thou dost
ask, namely all that we have, and we shall call that into our beloved radio station,
which presents your words, which we know we would never hear on any other call.


The station is a kind of station, a station which needs so much money, and we shall put
it therefore in the envelope and send it in, for the excess are nearly upon us, and the
sale ends tomorrow.
Going out of business, all prices slashed, everything must go.
So ask not upon what day.
Today shall the tithe be sent, for, unless ye know otherwise, every day is Dobb's day,
and ye never know when the master cometh again and again.
Amen."
And praise Bobb.
And in fact, praise Dr. Howell, who actually wrote that extremely erudite story.
It's a very interesting story.
He wrote a very interesting and verbose rant.
Now, Ivan, when did you start the Church of the Subgenius?
When did it initiate itself?
Well, actually, my buddy Philo Drummond turned me on to the word of Bobb in the late
70s.
And January 1, 1980, we printed a little pamphlet that found its way into New York publishing,
and we ended up having a book deal.
We've done five books now.
So as long as you spell subgenius right.
Google will tell you everything else you need to know.
We're down to about 30 seconds.
Is the Church of the Subgenius the kind of thing that somebody who, in your opinion,
belongs to some other church, they're Catholic, Jewish, Muslim, whatever, could join the Church
of the Subgenius without any conflict with their present religion?
If they have a sense of humor, there shouldn't be any problem at all.
That's a big if.
Okay.
Well.
We have our own fundamentalists, too.
There's occasionally subgeniuses that think I'm too liberal.
That's hilarious.
Well, we're talking to Reverend Bobb, staying on Integrity Radio, WINT, 1330 AM.
It's Friday night here at 4 o'clock.
This is the end from the writer's desk.




Can't be yeah.
Right now
By simply delimited




An influential name on the caffeine brain, inebriation steam train
Dopamine dreams of a future sleep machine, for when ya, for when ya
Fluorescing, possessive and passive aggressive, Zephyrs knee deep in needy
Pornographic graffiti, for when ya, for when ya
When she tells you to mellow out
Then she tells you to mellow out
When she tells you to go to hell, slick, willy wet and wild ride a mile wide, for when ya, for when ya
Songs from Gonzo and beyond, being honest, you promised, you give me a heads up and I'll fill you in, for when ya, for when ya
Screw this, that's it, I quit
Your fight, I'll oppose it all
Godzilla!
Yeah, I've been Godzilla
I am Godzilla, but I live in the country little town
Stockholm's not big enough for me
I'll have to take a ride by the Japanese sea
And smash Tokyo down, yeah, yeah, yeah
That was fun
The Japanese, the Swedish Godzilla song by Lonesome Cowboy Dave
Swedish Godzilla
You know, the geography Godzilla song
What's the Godzilla song now?
It's the geography Godzilla song, apparently
These are all the places that Godzilla will be destroying during the coming time
Followed shortly by the U.S. Army behind him
It's sort of a mop-up in the...
Stockholm, Tokyo, Osaka, Beijing, Seoul, Haifun, Barzoo
And here they come
Connie's got connections in Connecticut
Yes, she really has connections in Connecticut
There goes Danbury
So she was born out in Wyoming as a girl she started roaming
Oh, there goes West, I feel
One day she took a trip way down to Florida
Oh, they're moving on to New York State
And she called the real station down in Florida
There goes Albany
And we're such a little cutie
And she soon had all the fellas there adoring her
Then Connie secured the leading role in a wonderful Broadway attraction
But she wouldn't stay on a great white way
The pace of the action...
Can I?
Can I?
I sometimes think what a great and wonderful thing it would be
If our Lord Jesus would dress up in one of those Godzilla suits around Christmas time
And come visit your neighborhood and perhaps my neighborhood
Just hang around
Maybe sing a song with a man
Or wear one of those funny 1938 haircuts
I think I'd love that more than anything except life itself
Except for this is a freaking life
Hell no
This is not life
This is a pee hole we've crawled into and can't get out of
I don't care
I don't care
As long as I can see Jesus dressed like Godzilla
Oh, some funny Sunday
I don't know
Behind the pews or making the pew
Ha ha
Huh
And that's why people join the Church of the Subgenius, friends
Cause we have holidays like X-Day
Where you can find Jesus dressed up like a Godzilla
Yes, it's true
Actually, they will have an ugly parade this year
And who knows how Jesus will dress this particular time
Could be wearing anything or maybe nothing at all, eh, Monsieur?
You know how Jesus is?
If only his mom would dress that way
Yeah, he is
I'm supposed to be happy, she's a mammy, I'm the pappy
Now Connecticut's my old hometown
Yeah
Hey
Oh, Connie, Connie in Connecticut
I know you're interested in these squids
These prairie squids
But as you can see we only have four of them left
And you have asked clearly here in your invoice you said you would send me six
And this is the past future, Connie, and I'm not sure if you'll be able to keep up with this one or not
But the thing is, you know, if you don't really...
You'll
Hey, I just realized there's some credits that need to be given here
That we just completely blew off
The PR news, of course, is from Mr. Fernand and Annie Leher
Leher
Oh, the lady, Leher
And this is Uncle Unan Canabite
Unclean One Canabite, in the background
Unclean One Canabite
With the, uh,
Oh, name ain't a song.
He owes no man.
Listen to that.
Oh, name.
Oh, name.
So you see, somewhere out there in the world,
there are some geniuses who care.
Although they don't actually do anything.
They really care.
May I just say right now,
for this body,
that I'm wearing a pink lady's merkin
underneath these silky panties.
I'm a pubic merkin
because for the love of Bob,
whatever his name is.
For want of something else to call him.
Bert.
I prefer to call him less than I have in the past.
That's for sure.
I'm listening to this play now.
May I say right now
that I'm having a dysfunction in my colon area.
That, uh,
perhaps, uh,
Too much information.
my entire intestine may leap out
like one of those alien things or whatever.
Thanks.
I'll begin an argument with someone like that.
Too much information.
May I just say a bunch of unentertaining,
boring crap that's just going to irritate you.
Would you like a Kleenex?
blowing?
a plastic bag
is this all you got?
Are you scared?



How is it going?
Not that good.
Let me hear more.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Why ain´t it come?
Tell us why Lincoln ain't done it yet.
All day long we've been sitting here and waiting for word that Lincoln...
It's X-Day.
divided into Man dementia and

Mr. Lincoln is just too soft.
It's coming.
It's coming.
Give it to me quick.
It's coming.
Lincoln had unwound his legs.
Walk went all the desk,
can take in a wooden, and as he scratched
his bottom, seedling took form.
To the flesh, serve one another.
Pain, that they are all endowed, and the
pursuit of, to the flesh, if you see
them plowing, let him alone. Pinch him
and free at last.
Free at last.
Be kindly affectionate, one
to another, with brotherly love.
We stand
together.
We stand
together.
Together.
He'd be coming in all sweated up
and laughing. He knew I liked
that sort of thing.
Get your hands off my leg!
I'm not going in there.
Private Mandamus,
we've been wanting
to speak to you now because of
your record.
It's a very important
and misread
piece of disinformation.
Private Mandamus, it seems
you've been working
for the Skel Patrol for the last
three months and haven't found one
bloody drunk. You've just been
writing these papers and handing them out.
We can't allow
this. We can
however prohibit it, you see.
How do we work?
Get your hands out of there.
I was breathing
so softly. I
could hardly rest my own temperature.
I was convinced something
had gone very, very wrong.
I was working with my central nervous system.
For instance,
this pineal gland here.
All I have to do is push the right
buttons. And you see, I
can expand. I can become bigger
or smaller. Of course, it's not
like before. I still
have limitations.
The Big Bang is over, so to speak.
But I'll be back again someday.
You know, they said God's, the mind
of God was damaged
in the Big Bang.
And that's what the New Age
is all about, man.
God's got brain damage.
That means you're God. You can do your own
thing. It's the age
of Aquarius, man.
You screwed up, but you're God, man.
It's so cool. You can be
like an angst character, like
Promethean James Dean of the old era
type. It's like there's no good
or no evil. There's just
you, man. And it's like
you just do your own
thing.
Yeah, unlike the New Age.
It's the New Age. What you feel,
that's what's real.
The Tao is like, you know, balances
angst and joy, man.
Well, it's not real joy.
It's closer to slack, actually. It's kind of a form
of loose joy, which hardly
ever assembles.
Well, let's say it's hard to achieve.
Hey, man.
Guess who?
Guess who?
Do something about him.
Friend, I can tell by the fact that you tuned in
that there are some things I don't need to tell you.
So, I'm not even going to
bother.
What is wrong with that guy?
It's alright. It's alright.
He's okay, man. He's been hanging around with private
mandamus, see. He's been telling
all that crazy stuff, you know.
He's going to be alright.
Look, look. See, his flesh tone
is, well, it's not really a flesh tone.
It's more of like a... He looks like the
bark of a tree or maybe... Hey, it's an
onion skin. Yeah, man. He's
a bit of a... The onion skin.
That's just one of those... He's the metaphor man.
Yeah, a little metaphor man. Like the conspiracy
itself as you peel away the
onion skin.
Yet there's another skin underneath.
And you peel away that skin. And there's another
skin. It's skin upon skin. That doesn't
work when you start peeling skin off
a lonesome cowboy. Dave here now, does it?
Yeah. You peel off one layer of skin and he
starts screaming. That's because there's only
one layer to a subgenius. There's no metaphors
here, man. It ain't like nothing but one of them.
It's because we're the pure, the honest
primates.
The mandrills of the
world, don't you see? Our purple
behinds glow with pride
and slackdomness because
we've got Bob in them. There's also the
toxic material. We can also look at that
aspect of it too, but sure, yeah, we're
glowing. You need to get a glow on every
day before you ride the bus.
Some of us don't actually ride it.
We just kind of take it around with us.
Friends, you're either on the bus
or you're off the bus. You're either on the saucers
or you're off of those
saucers, my friend.
For Reverend Ken Kesey, the great subgenius,
a dues-paying subgenius minister,
by the way.
I remember when Neil Cassidy
was achieving his penultimate
years, talked like
this, even though he's from Colorado.
He still had a nasal twang
that deviated
septum, perhaps, but we're all deviated.
You know?
This is where I should cut to a bunch of
Neil Cassidy.
But you gotta have to lead some meager, eccentric,
sincere maniacal
like Alexander. Donna made you discover
that's pretty fair. Spencer, that's
pretty fair for Tom Edison.
Well, here we want someone who's
like Tony Perkins. That's it.
Somebody who is
who could be either way,
but in this case, it's a definite
neurotic thing already, I mean.
Like, he's obsessed with racing.
Let's say Tony Perkins
has a sick cat,
not being approved of at all, as the son, you see,
would be, so he'd have a mania
for auto racing, even though, like, say,
Tony Perkins wouldn't be good for football
or wrestling or anything.
Why?
This fellow can't race with a dam.
He's the poorest of the bunch.
He only runs for the family. It's in his blood, you understand.
Here we got this rural French
garage-owning family that the uncle
brother, couple of the brothers, father himself
race.
Neil Cassidy, Neil Cassidy, Neil Cassidy,
Neil Cassidy, but I bet I could...
The old buddy Jack Kerouac, singing
lonesome songs to the moon, arguing with himself,
laying on his mother's...
You know you can't force Cassidy, okay?
Kids, we're talking about ancient, dead subgeniuses
of the past, and that's what you'll be if
you don't make sure that we have your correct
address on our mailing list.
And this is how we salute them.
For instance, we light two flowers
for Jack Kerouac.
For Neil Cassidy, we blow up
five flowers.
And for the others, we take the tiny
little regimental everyday
conspiracy bus and blow the hemp
into bluey. But for Bill
Hicks, we eat a whole can of black beans
and lay around pyroflatulating
all night long. Forget about the rice.
There's no need for it.
It's an experience.
It's hardly an experience.
It isn't
hallucination, my friend.
It isn't pollution that
harms the environment.
It isn't your eyes that are seeing
the wrong things.
It's your face that's in the wrong place.
You have
visited yourself upon
an ugly, angry world.
A world of misconception
and deceit.
There, sit down on the
toilet of love.
Place your fanny, your booty
firmly on the place
where...
Why can't I just forget about it?
It's because we're not in the world of love,
man. We're in the world
of the hate.
Getting the hang of it.
Now the system changed.
Every system
is an integral
downfall.
We may make it perfect.
We may make it perfect.
We may make it perfect.
We may make it perfect.
It's a bad idea, man.
I mean, like, if I had my chance
or my choice
to have my own church
or something, you know,
to make a spiritual movement,
you know, and reap
souls and
rape sloughs and, you know,
gather unto myself the many
from amongst the fumes and so forth,
you know, like, if I could do that,
why would I become a...
You know a slack genius or any of those other it's like
Most of these people are like nothing like my own
Formed everything, you know the big macrocephalic dudes man the guys with the high foreheads, you know
They're a brain thing. They've got the you know, like the hardening of the skull and stuff
These are like the leaders of this church
Oh
Speaking of which
Have you know some of us are just regular ordinary space was named to be empty
From PR news in Washington. I'm exempt from paying minimum wage the Labor Department reports six point seven percent fifty eight percent
175 thousand percent PRS Tamar has four tails in nine days
January and December still fell short of what happened
Had been February White House economists started the year expecting 2014 would be
2013
185 economists still thinks that is likely pretty dismal PR news the White House
Some upbeat news the BBB BC is a violation of international law
Dow is left of 16 for three three three twenty nine eighteen seventy five
thirty nine point one billion percent medical aircraft led by nine percent petroleum
President Obama's
European leaders say this is not PR
Kansas has slumped and huge Kansas governor Sam have since enacted huper per per state Supreme Court has ruled unanimously that per per peer pube in the
state constitution and
Asked the district court to set a new standard for what Kansas should spend on each sport PR news in Kansas City
The issue has been a top priority for President Obama who is pressing Congress to approve a hike to the federal PR news
Point of сво


Get
triangle


Poll eig
Has done something bad bruh
I don't know what to do
You are very kind
But you believe what I tell you
You
You
You are just a bit of a squirmer
We could have been more visible
You are very kind
But you believe what I tell you
You are very kind
But you believe what I tell you


You are very kind
But you believe what I tell you
You are very kind
But you believe what I tell you
You are very kind
But you believe what I tell you
You
You are not that out of touch
But you believe what I tell you
These guys sound like an early Leonard Skinner or something.
Well, they're from Birmingham, Alabama.
They've got that southern sound to them.
It's a little like Grits and Gravy, you know?
They're for real, like God's people tend to be.
I doubt if they're for real, Stan.
No offense, you Yankees, just don't speak God's language.
We don't have the physical mechanics.
Nor play God's guitar.
We don't have the demonic tongue you southerners do.
Nor God's harmonica.
We can't eat God's beans.
But we play Satan's fiddle, like Charlie, what's his fat?
Oh, yeah, you got that satanic fiddle playing down.
I got Charlie.
This is a special meeting, and I'd just like to remind everybody seated here
that they're not supposed to be in those seats.
There's something seriously wrong with your pants and your stuffing.
Be quiet.
Places we've had marked are inferior to the original places,
and they're translated into stellar material.
Some of you will be evaporated, then the rest of you will become like mother's milk.
That's right.
You'll become like soft, screwy, smelly.
Like the cream that runs down the side of Bob's pipe.
Like the unconscious underman and the macho muchachos.
Can you feel Bob swelling up in you down there?
Yeah, just a repetitious simian with nothing on your mind except for that blank check.
Did you say something about blank chicks?
Yeah.
We're looking for blank chicks and lads.
We're looking for blanker chicks.
Who can be filled in by Mr. Fill-in-the-blank-himself, J.R. Bob-the-Dobbs.
Ah, I remember Phil Dirt and the Dozers, my favorite band.
They were great.
But not as great as Phil-in-the-blank-himself.
Phil was cool, and I remember Jethro Tull of Jethro Tull.
He was a cool fella, too.
How did you meet him?
How'd you come upon him?
I used to be in commercial radio, and of course, that was before the accident.
It wasn't an accident.
That's another thing.
It was on purpose, wasn't it?
Iron lung.
Well, in your case, it looks more like a copper mask.
Yeah, we're dealing with some inferior metals here.
The iron butt.
And the iron suit.
I am your father.
And the iron fist of...
What is the iron fist?
The iron fist of the...
It's like the iron fish.
Tish.
Yes.
Revenge of the...
Tish?
That is the theme of our show.
Tish means dish in German, don't it?
How they take something...
Great.
And turn it into utter crap.
Oh, pish cash.
Like this show.
Like this whole radio station once we got here.
Tommy, can you feel me?
Can you hear me, though?
Can you feel me?
Can you see me?
Tommy?
It's a lot of malarkey.
Can you see me?
Tommy?
Can you feel me?
Can you smell me yet?
You're asking up.
I wasted my pants again.
Are you wasting it?
Can you feel me, Tommy?
Hi, Seba.
Hey, you're not Tommy.
You're just another scale in the road.
I hear you.
You feel the smell.



Seed rising.
Bob's a-coming, friends.
And you can get more of that man, Bob.
If you just write for free information from the Church of the Subgenius.
That's right.
The information's free.
You know, I love saying this because nobody just about ever does this.
But you can.
But you sound so cool when you do it.
Actually drop you a card to Subgenius Foundation.
No, not Dallas, Texas no more.
No, not Austin, Texas.
Nope.
They...
They don't need slack in Texas anymore.
No, they don't.
Or maybe it's too good for them.
DNA level C.
Here at DNA level C, friends.
That's post office box.
Got that pencil ready?
Box 181417.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
44118.
And it's an address you won't want to miss.
It's an odd dress, all right, that she's wearing down there at subgenius.com.
But look, once again, the pubic...
Oh, that's mighty, mighty interesting.
I can't breathe.
I...
It's okay.
It's gonna be all right.
I'm telling you.
I keep trying to tell you.
It's gonna be all right.
You think it's really gonna be all right?
Yeah, yeah, man.
Princess Weir's always saying that.
I didn't like Red Mist.
I didn't like Search and Destroy.
I didn't like any of the other war rides at this freaking carnival, man.
I know, but I have it on good authority.
But it's not like you're gonna be able to do it.






It's gonna be all right, okay?
I don't like authority figures either.
I like figurines.
You know, little tiny gnome things you put in the back of your head.
It's okay.
It's the disfigurines you have to worry about, dude.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, look.
They're all like us.
They're all disfigurines.
Some of them have too much rouge on the left side of their head.
Heads up, friends.
Thanks to Lonesome Cowboy Dave for that, recorded back when he could get to the station.
I'm sorry.



And what's coming up next is the song Crazy Little Thing, performed by Mia Johnson.
That's from that Captain Beefheart album.
Oh, and the music we heard a couple of tracks ago, very weird stuff, was called Shower Scene
by the Psycho Skeletons.
And now, Mia Johnson.
Crazy little thing's just gone crazy, girl.
How'd you get a name like crazy little thing?
Probably the name that drove you crazy all along.
How'd you get the walk?
How'd you get the ride?
How'd you get it all?
It moves so slow and lazy.
How'd you learn to talk real low like that?
What makes all the men creepy?
Crazy little thing's just gone crazy, girl.
How'd you get a name like crazy little thing?
A heavy little thing just gone crazy
The way she moves there ain't no maybe
Talking real low like that
She brings things down lower than they should be
She brings things up higher than they could be
Oh, oh, oh, oh
A crazy little thing just gone crazy
Girl, how'd you get a name like crazy little thing?
A crazy little thing just gone crazy
Girl, how'd you get a name?
How'd you get that name?
She got the answer to the answer
Now the only question is
How old, how old, how old, how old, how old?
Cause if you're too young, girl
You're gonna be the ruin of me
They call her crazy, but I'm not
And she goes, she goes
Yeah, a crazy little thing just gone crazy
Girl, how'd you get a name like crazy little thing?
Crazy little thing just gone crazy
Girl, how'd you get a name?
How'd you get that name?
Crazy little thing just gone crazy
Yeah, how'd you get a name like crazy little thing?
Crazy little thing just gone crazy
Girl, how'd you get a name?
How'd you get that name?
How'd you get a bill like that?
You ain't been here that long
Crazy little thing, you've just gone crazy, girl
How'd you get a name like crazy little thing?
Probably the name that drove you crazy all along
Say it's probably the name that drove you crazy all along
Probably the name
Crazy little thing
Crazy little thing
Crazy little thing
Crazy little thing
Crazy little thing
Crazy little thing
Crazy little thing
Crazy little thing
Crazy little thing
Crazy little thing
Crazy little thing
Crazy little thing
Crazy little thing
Crazy little thing
