I'm trying to make believe I'm you, oh, trying to think
Just a stranger on the outside looking in
People say that life is fun, but I don't know why
As far as I can tell, life sucks, life sucks, life sucks
Then they die
Within the last 12 hours, we have received a number of unconfirmed reports from throughout the nation
that may or may not be connected with this strange phenomenon.
Bob?
I'm sick and tired of the rats
But the shit don't wait
Like!
Bob, removed
Würwe
Knows
Yes, you know
Yes, I understand
Yeah, awesome
Good judgment!
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
We will control the vertical.
Welcome potential initiates and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry hour of swag.
Chris Bob, help me somebody.
The church of the subgenius.
Bring you another 33 minutes of condensed,
ragged functions,
quality audio visual techniques,
exacerbated and complicated by the church of the subgenius.
Copyright 1985, 86.
Oh, Dr. Sperbach.
She said, cutting her own legs off in what was to be the foment of a startlingly trend among the so-called punk detail-a-hensia.
It's better to live on your feet than to die on your knees.
Enjoy life like Bob.
Get the head, you satan.
Do not be afraid.
I am not here to harm you.
I know you want to destroy me.
But listen, please listen.
I only want to help you.
I've chosen you.
Well, I'm sure that's very flattering, but I must get on with my work now.
They don't love you, Bob.
They don't love you like I do.
They don't love you like I do.
They don't love you like I do.
They don't love you like I do.
They don't love you like I do.
They don't love you like I do.
Dear friends, you may call 823-7490 for a complete explanation of the Church of the Subgenius in under two minutes.
It's not just the wars and the awards that win them.
It's not just the dull and empty distaste for a smothered culture that expires all around you in pools of its own wastes.
It's not just the terminal folds of Nunu.
It's not just the child zombies that murder their mediocrity parents and then cruise the streets with bloody feet.
It's not just those starry old vecks on the park benches with looks on their faces like those who shuffled out of the boxcars of Belsen and Auschwitz.
It's not just the anesthesiologist for needy.
It's not just the heaving pink meat masses that grope and clutch all around you.
It's not just the dino bones for Wotan.
It's not just the broken headlight, snapped antenna, and human excrement on your car hood.
It's not just that the old ways were best.
It's not just the bastardization and perversion of every honest means of self-expression.
It's not just the penoid snipers locking and loading on every high-rise rooftop.
It's not just the war.


It's not just the wide-screen technicolor corporate daisy chain that has defiled the entire planet.
It's not just Mongo in the Congo with fa-fa-fas the size of basketballs.
It's not just the prophets crying lonely and alone in the wilderness.
It's not just the indignity of having to work for some bland nun entity son of a b-
who thinks workers are property.
It's not just the blueness of the wound cleansed by evil.
It's not just the battling eco-freaks who want to go back to nature without realizing that nature is an open-ditch latrine in midsummer.
It's not just some
with a pipe and a
eating I know more than you do dog grin all over his homogenized face.
It's not just the horrible feeling of being entrapped inside a regimented, devolving world that you certainly never made.
It's not just the doorway to doom.
It's not just wanting to know what the hell is really going on.

It's not just the missing H's or the stolen alpha beta max.
No, dear friends, there is more to it all than that.
Bob ain't no nickel-dime bum show.
I put it to you, he's on the square and a corking fine business proposition.
He's the grandest thing yet and don't you forget.
Shout salvation and fightin' Jesus?
You'll need to rise precious early, you sinner, there if you want to diddle the almighty Bob.
Not off.
He's got cough mixture with a lot of shit.

I'll punch on it for you, my friend.
In his back pocket. Just you try it.
Thanks to G. Gordon Gordon for that one and this is Reverend Cleve Duncan.
Well, there once was a man
The world's greatest salesman
And he had to pass the pain
To get the shackles from my feet
Ah, yeah, but now he's gone
A martyr for the cause Bob is my own
And he's comin' again
Who knew that the first shot
Was gonna be the last shot
But he's got a hard drivin' pipe
The gas smoke all through the night
And although he may be hurtin'
The universe is still a-
He's gonna keep on squirtin' Bob's and Bob's own
And he's comin' again
Ah-ho!
Oh, yes, dear friends, we're gonna build that spirit back up.
And we're gonna build the spurt back up, too.
Now, you know, spurt and spirit sound the same for a reason.
They're both from the same root word, dear friends, and what a root it is.
What a root it is.
I want you to get out there and plant those roots, children.
Oh, yeah!
Bob is my loadin'.
He's comin' again.
Look!
He can save us from the men in black
With just a shot from his mighty sack
If only he could make it back
From the land of the dead
But until that happy day
We can only drink and say
Bob is my loadin'
And he's comin' again
I know he can make it
Without him, we can't take it
We'll lose the pieces of our minds
To the big boys and the whims
Until the day that he comes back
It'll be a world without sack Bob's and Bob's own
And he's comin' again
I just got to
I just got to
I just got to
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Dear friends, I've got a short sermon to do here.
And this is mostly...
This is going to be mostly for those of you
who have been regular listeners of the show.
And the rest of you probably ought to just go away.
Go to the bathroom for about five, ten minutes.
Then come back for more horrible tape.
Well, I got a letter here, friends.
A letter from Sister Mandy.
And I'm going to read this letter here.
It's pertinent.
She says,
I hope the show pulls in what was promised.
It would be a cryin' shame if you had to die again.
But then again, what was this,
this, this,
this excretive deleted
coming out of my radio last hour of slack?
Actually, she's talking about two hours of slack ago.
Two weeks ago.
I can't believe you would rag on native Texans
because they're not as rowdy as some chowderhead Yankees.
Now, dear friends, let me intercede here
and say that it's not y'all's lack of rowdiness at all,
but the lack of airplane tickets that you would provide
to get other subgenius preachers down here for a ride.
But Sister Mandy continues,
Now, I don't know if you are a real Texan or just a transplant.
I'm sorry.
I know I don't sound like I was raised in North Richland Hills and Fort Worth.
But maybe you like cold winters, she says,
in the way they say pepechfawm and clam chowda.
Maybe now we women of Texas aren't good enough
for old Reverend Ivan Stang anymore.
Is that it, huh?
Well, no comment there.
But Texans are Bob's chosen.
It's always been that way,
but that's why it's so disappointing that they don't act like it.
I certainly do.
Mandy continues,
I don't know.
I can't believe that the subgeniuses of Dallas
don't have the, say, cojones
to manage to put together a butt-kicking, glass-grinding,
splendiferous-type de-vival.
And friends, it's not the cojones that's needed,
but the energy and the know-how,
the art scam expertise.
She goes,
I'd be willing to give myself in every way possible to help,
although I'm a prisoner of the conspiracy's so-called educational system.
Irving, oh, I think, school, yeah.
I want to help when I can.
You know, as well as I, that Dallas is capable of it.
So cram this Boston BS and save your evil fluids for Dallas.
But friends, is Dallas capable?
For instance, the most high-buck disco club in Dallas,
Mistral, couldn't handle the technical demands of one extra.

VHS tape deck, which you operate in your own home.
She goes,
Yeah, I realize that your rant was meant to inflame,
but all it did was, well, I can't say this, but anger people.
And friends, I know that's true,
and it's because I delivered it poorly.
She says,
I know you can do better than that,
and that's true, when I've had enough sleep.
Do something, I can't read the something to them if they can't take a joke.
Do more than anger them.
Challenge us.
And friends, some did take it as a challenge,
which is how it was meant to be.
She says,
Dallas loves stupid.
Look at some of our swinging singles meat lockers.
Have a national devival or something.
Aim for Dallas's cojones and threaten to have them kicked by San Francisco or something.
Make yourself the most hated man in Dallas,
for without hate there is no love,
and without love there is no Bob.
Bob equals hate equals love.
Did you say that, or was it me?
It was me, Mandy.
I don't remember, but do it, Stang.
I know you can.
Well, you know, when I've had enough sleep and had a little bit of slack,
usually, oh, what did that mean?
The music stopped all of a sudden.
But it's true, I couldn't agree with you more about that after Boston hour of slack,
because after I'd finally gotten to bed and slept for 13 hours,
I listened to that tape of the show and went,
oh my God, I sound almost drunk.
But keep in mind that stupidity is certainly no sin in this church,
and I was just plain burned out, tired.
Tired, friends.
And on top of that, I was being facetious.
But I just wasn't being facetious well, so it came off the wrong way.
Now, you know, when you go for four hours of sleep a night, it happens.
You don't get the slack.
But then when I got to Boston, my buddies, Doctors for Bob and I, did get slack,
although it was partly slack through overwork, which is an unusual form of slack.
But many of us emergentiles have to get slack that way,
as opposed to you rewardian type subgeniuses, who I envy, by the way.
But number one, you've got to remember that by definition,
a subgenius preacher has not only the right, but the obligation, dear friends,
to make severe and even tragic mistakes.
Now, look at the rival cults, some of your local Christian denominations, let's say,
that preach total goodness and perfection.
They live, friends, in a false religion.
They live in a false, dangerous fantasy world.
And when they show their humanity, as Jim and Tammy Baker did,
oh, they're castigated by their people.
They're fired off their jobs.
And they sure look stupid.
They make Christianity look even stupider to the average American,
which is okay with me.
But in their smug, self-deluding pride, friends,
they set goals that are not only impossible, but actually ridiculously unnecessary.
And when they can't attain those goals, then they just get more fanatical
and can't admit that they couldn't cut what they set up for themselves.
And their people are so strung out between constant states of false happiness or guilt.
I don't know.
We now know that Jim and Tammy, for all those years, were actually only acting happy.
But living that lie just compounded their misery.
And millions of people do this.
They do this to themselves because they think God is as ignorant, intolerant, and insecure as they are.
But then that's their idea of wisdom and goodness, I guess.
Hiding their real feelings.
Living a lie.
Deliberately short-circuiting their instincts.
Pretending.
That's what they do.
They're pretending, friends.
Now, you can accuse the subgeniuses of pretending.
But, you know, in a way, they pretend much, much worse than we do.
So, when I come on the air and sound like a vindictive jerk,
remember that at least I'm being honest.
If I'm beat, worn out, I don't take speed like Tammy Baker to pretend that I've got superhuman energy.
I act like I feel.
I prove beyond a doubt that I can be just as overextended, overwrought, insensitive, and incoherent as any of you.
And yet, even with all these personality flaws, weaknesses, and staccato speech patterns,
yet I know that Bob gives me an excuse.
He doesn't need to forgive me because...
I didn't do anything evil.
I screwed up.
And Bob...
Bob loves me for that.
It's the power to fail, friends.
It's the power that the subgenius popes have and these rival popes can't ever have.
And...
The irony, friends.
The irony.
It's like with the pledge drives.
The Hour of Slack listeners are 50% paid up right now.
Probably more by now.
But yet...
Now, those gospel folks, they pledged and pledged.
They pledged and pledged because they were so full of faith.
And only 10%, at best, in some cases 6%, bothered to fulfill the commitment.
Because in Christianity, pretending and promising is good enough.
And that's what faith means, friends.
It means you've decided to be satisfied no matter what.
Because you're going to pretend everything's okay.
Oh, it's God's will.
So therefore, you don't have to do anything about it.
Leave it.
Leave it to God, dear friends.
Grace through faith, not works.
Jesus said, be like children.
And, you know, Tammy can't go to bed with her husband without taking off...
Without keeping her fake eyelashes, her bat-wing size fake eyelashes on.
I read that in the paper today.
That's how you keep your husband.
Wear makeup to bed.
Pretending, friends.
Yeah, they're like children, all right.
But they're like seventh grade children.
Cruel, gossiping liars and bullies.
That roam in cliques and packs looking for weak, unsuspecting minority victims.
Oh, they have faith, all right.
Faith that any nasty thing they do didn't count if God forgave it in their head.
And if you're having the kind of fun they can't experience, then you must...
That must be sin.
Because in their eyes, friends, slack is the ultimate sin.
The devil hates slack, too.
And when you look at the basic beliefs and behavior of a lot of these fundamentalist Christians,
they have a lot in common with the devil, friends.
A whole lot more in common with the devil than Jesus.
Now, subgenius is rationalized, too.
But our rationalization is so absurd that it allows us, the slack, to remember that it's just a rationalization.
And there's still work to do.
Praise Bob.
Oh, God.
Here's this Tammy Baker interview.
Yes, she rarely goes to bed without her makeup, swears by her false eyelashes, and wears different wigs for her husband, Jesus.
Jim.
And that still wasn't good enough, was it?
No, Jessica...
Jessica Hahn, she didn't have to change wigs every night.
Jim very seldom seen me without makeup and hardly ever in my life without my eyelashes.
I think every woman ought to wear eyelashes.
Yeah, I think natural-born eyelashes are kind of good, too.
They keep the water out of your eyes.
The sweat.
If you're inhuman enough to sweat, unlike Miss Tammy...
Um...
Oh, God.
Well, I've got more of that rant to go on.
In the meantime, until then...
And let me tell you, friends, it's not just the swelling coffers of the elder bankers.
It's not just the truncated attention spans of the conspiracy glorbs scrambling to get that ever-elusive status symbol.
It's not just the vapid shells of the chicken-like...
...chicken-like models posing on cue.
It's not just the puppet rock idols playing into the hands of the hell-spawned image consultants.
It's not just the cannibal zombies gorging themselves on self-interest.
It's not just the video pigs wallowing in visual sludge.
It's not just the mellow morons stuck in a time zone from the good old days, man.
It's not just the aerobic airheads working themselves into a cardiac arrest.
It's not just the talentless pinks hooked into a groove devoid of style-less.
It's not just the fuzzy dice brains rampaging like the Visigoths.
It's not just the misguided gummy space creatures.
It's not just the oppression of the raging slabs of the lame leftists.
It's not just the frothy mouths of the reactionaries.
It's not just the blank food tubes slamming their craniums against the walls of their own creation.
It's not just the empty youth culture borrowing from the ABC computerized format of possible personas.
It's that and a whole lot more.
Thank you, Sister Chris. We love you.
And thank you, Cecilia.
Let's join us now, shall we?
Yes, join us at the ankles and hips.
Thank you.
Now we're ready to hop off to our special sky ride.
The Japanese...
Don't you wish you were with us?
Well, send in your money and maybe someday you can.
No, really, we're a fun crowd.
You'd like us to move in next door to you.
To you, we'd be indistinguishable from the others you might see in your town.
Oh, maybe we'd have a wink in our twinkling eye or a smile or a leer on our lips,
but otherwise we'd look like everyday Joe Lunchpail.
A good, solid, honest, cream-colored working man,
ready to move in next to you and send the property values soaring.
How about it, America? Get in step.
Well, let's try now, huh?
For a typewritten transcript of this show, you'd have to be...
What's going on? I feel so sneaky!
Disobedient to parents, a subgenius.
Steals, a subgenius.
Lies, a subgenius.
Hater of God, a subgenius.
Whisperer.
A subgenius.
Whoremonger.
A subgenius.
Envious.
A subgenius.
Pride.
A subgenius.
A backbiter.
A subgenius.
A deceitful person.
A subgenius.
A hypocrite.
A subgenius.
Unmerciful.
A subplenius.
A false accuser.
A subpenius.
Well, I guess that about wraps it up. That's your typical subgenius now.
Monk, I don't need Dobbs. There's nothing wrong with me.
I'll make it my way.
Oh, good.
I must have been insane.
What can I say? I'm lost without Dobbs.
Without Bob, I'm guilty.
Guilty.
Be not deceived.
Dobbs is not mocked, though whosoever a man soeth.
Him also shall he reap.
Who is my shepherd? I shall not want.
That's right, dear friends. That's right.
Uh, thank you, Reverend Howe.
This is Jester Jackson of the Rainbow Coalition.
It concerns me that the American people have been lied to.
Lied to about the secret war in Central America.
Lied to about your support for racist South Africa.
Our government should be funding cities and housing the homeless,
not supporting fascism and waging illegal wars.
Join me in a march on Saturday, April 25th, in Washington, D.C. and San Francisco.
Help forge a new direction for justice and peace in Central America and Southern Africa.
March in a big way and in big numbers on April 25th.
I hate that old conspiracy as much as it hates me.
But me and Bob will get them.
Just you wait and see.
For as long as they have run things, they have turned them into...
Bob?
The time has come to get them back. Here's how I look at it.
That conspiracy is nasty and they take it for their patsies.
But we know that they are just a bunch of queers.
And when we defeat them, we'll be free.
We'll kill them and we'll eat them.
And then we'll go and get ourselves some beers.
Now Bob has come to fight them.
That's how we know we'll win.
And we know to serve them is our only sin.
We won't have long to wait now.
The end is coming soon.
We'll march happy toward the future, cause we did what we must do.
Underwater vacations.
Bob will rule all the nations.
We'll be farming vegetation out on Mars.
Cause we killed them and we ate them.
Said, boy, we sure did hate them.
And then we made the rounds of all the bars.
Thank you, Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger.
Great stuff.
So what are you guys going to do at this revival meeting?
You're going to make fun of religion stuff, right?
We never make fun of religion.
You must understand we're making money off religion, but not fun of religion.
No. No. No. No fun.
We hope to erase the slack area in this part of the country.
And hopefully we'll...
Yeah, sorry.
Really now, are you guys in this cult business just for the bucks or do you have...
Mr. Willis, isn't it a fact, really, that...
that you've invented this whole thing,
that you've thought up all these little gimmicks,
and you're taking advantage of a lot of ignorant people by getting money out of them?
People who believe in you and your silly preachings?
No, it isn't, Joe.
The Illuminati will be unmasked.
And the subgenius cult will have a lot to do with that.
Bob is going to see that the whole conspiracy, the Illuminati, the trilaterals, the...
you name it.
The guys that drive up and down the streets selling ice cream.
That whole...
All of that will be exposed.
That's what America needs.
To have their brains washed.
Clean out all that filth and all that garbage and all that fear
and all that sickness and perversion and all that junk that comes from the pit of hell.
...radio announcer and many friends of the rail land.
It's the old-fashioned healing broadcast coming direct from the auditorium here in Dallas.
This is a special night tonight.
This is oil night.
Would you love to have a heart like God?
Come out and be anointed with this miracle oil
that God has let me use for quite a few years now.
And we're giving it out.
Come and join the hundreds of people.
Bring that bottle and get some of this miracle oil that's absolutely raised the dead.
That's performed some of the greatest miracles.
You name it.
It's performed every known miracle that's happening.
But look, it's...
No, Hal, look out!
You clumsy fool!
What have you done?
The show is ruined!
Ruined!
Goodbye for all of us here.
This is Puzzle Inn. It's the love of your tracks.
Reverend Hal and Reverend Irv.
We tried.
Saying it's too late.
And we tried.
Goodbye, folks. I don't know how it works!
The whole thing's ridiculous.
The U.S. Customs Service is waging war on drug smugglers, and you can help.
If you see any unusual activity involving private boats or planes that might be connected to drug smuggling,
call the U.S. Customs Service.
24 hours a day, toll free, at 1-800-BE-ALERT.
You can remain anonymous, and you could receive a cash reward if your information leads to the arrest and prosecution of drug smugglers.
Help stop drug smuggling.
Call 1-800-BE-ALERT.
I can't believe they gave me that cart to play on this show, honest to God.
Well, if you want to get...
If you want to be damned by Bob...
...you're better off going to the police.
Now, let's talk about another man who's been spiritually trying to control you.
Do you think that freedom for this great society, this great planet, is voting?
Say no.
No!
Didn't they get to vote in Haiti? Say yes.
Didn't they get to vote in the Philippines?
Don't they get to vote in Poland? Say yes.
So did they get to vote?
You think they're going to plug out labor when there's only one man in the East? Say no.
But the rest of the world perceives as freedom as consumer goods.
More specifically, American consumer goods.
And children, we're drowning in consumer goods.
We're drowning in them.
But children, when you hear the 501 blues and your heart stings,
when you see Spud McKenzie, then high concept is getting inside of you, children.
It's getting inside of you. Now I know you're all artists, you're all hip, you're all aware.
You're a bunch of deconstructing thieves. I know that, children.
I know you can sit there and watch those ads and you can say,
Look at that jump cut. Look at that computer animation.
Look at that keyboard.
And you think by deconstructing it, you kept the message from getting into you.
But I'm going to tell you something, children. I'm right here to tell you that.
We are not that sort.
That's right, children. We're not that goddamn sort.
We are not able to resist those messages.
They get inside of us. They work it up.
And before you know it, you're another mind-death-dude.
I'll the conspiracy. I'm going to give you another example, children.
They say that in the NFL, between steroids and weightlifting,
football players can run so big and so fast that the human body can no longer sustain the impact they generate.
And the same thing is true by analyzing, by identifying metaphor.
In the world of advertising, the images they generate are so slick, we can no longer resist.
We cannot retain our will. We cannot make a specific judgment.
We cannot simply act the way I say. That's right, children. We're not that goddamn sort.
We are not able to resist those messages.
They get inside of us. They work it up.
And before you know it, you're another mind-death-dude.
I'll the conspiracy. I'm going to give you another example, children.
They say that in the NFL, between steroids and weightlifting,
football players can run so big and so fast that the human body can no longer sustain the impact they generate.
And the same thing is true by analyzing, by identifying metaphor.
In the world of advertising, the images they generate are so slick, we can no longer sustain the impact they generate.
They are so slick, we can no longer resist.
We cannot retain our will. We cannot make a specific judgment.
We cannot simply act the way I say. That's right, children.
Oh, boy. I have to cut in here.
Oh, that was Pope David Meyer two weeks ago in Boston, Massachusetts.
Pretty soon I ought to have a better recording of that, all the rants from there.
Janer was there, a whole bunch of good stuff.
Anyway, I had to cut in because the Will of Doves just got a call from someone who said that they had,
called the Cult Awareness group.
There's a group here in Dallas called Cult Awareness,
and had called them up just to see what they would say about the Church of the Subgenius.
And they told, the funny thing is that I, when they first opened, I called them up and said,
Yeah, I'm kind of concerned about these insane cults myself,
and I thought I'd send you some of our material so you could, you know, you can refer people to us.
And they apparently said,

Well, they didn't like the material I sent. I'd never heard from them since then.
But they're now telling people, whatever you do, stay away from those guys.
That subgenius guy, man, that's the worst, I guess.
And especially what, keep your kids away from them?
Especially keep your kids away from the Church of the Subgenius because of the sexually explicit material.
Now see, y'all that only listen to the radio show, you don't know what,
you don't know what you're missing.
And who don't order the tapes.
But I can't advertise that stuff.
And all you can really do is write for information from P.O. Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas 75214
for more information about Church of the Subgenius.
And for that sexually explicit material, which you don't get for free, by the way.
Not like, I mean, you get this radio show for free and get our information for free.
And it's not very sexually explicit.
But like I say, you, those of you who've been putting off writing to P.O. Box 140306 in Dallas 75214,
fine, I don't care.
Honestly, I really don't.
I always end up getting the last laugh, dear friends.
I have total confidence that that will continue to be true.
So, you know, I can't tell you what the deal is with the money.
But...
Gotta get some money.
That dirty, perky, shark-backed, black-and-wharton, filibuster-bottom, perky-oomah...
Only we know what we don't know.
And when we do know it, we shall find out later just exactly what it was that we didn't know.
But in the meantime, we shall experiment further and delve into the deeper recesses of the human mind
to find out exactly what causes this...
device not to function properly.
Could it be a malfunction of the foot gland?
Or the nose gland?
Yes, possibly you did not know that the nose and the feet are true glands of the human body.
And only after permanent foot and nose glandscaping
can you know how to make your feet smell and your nose run.
Which would mean...
possibly...
that you were...
backwards...
or...
built upside down.
But...
you'll delve further into that...
at the end of the broadcast...
when you and I cannot hear each other.
Oh, that was Dr. Philo Drummond, dear friends.
And we can get into this too.
This psychoneurotic mastosurgery.
The techniques of which has been developed by the many great doctors who have come over
to Dobbs and...
from...
from many of the other religious cults around the world.
I ain't been the same since I had my frontal lobotomy.
And it's...
we've got Europeans and Lithuanians and ice doctors and the big doctors and the doctors
of the trees and the tree-walking brain socket doctors.
We've got a song about doctors.
And here...
hyperclites...
here it is.
Dr. Philo Drummond.
Dr. Philo Drummond.
Dr. Philo Drummond.
Dr. Philo Drummond.
Dr. Philo Drummond.

Dr. Philo Drummond.
Dr. Philo Drummond.
Dr. Philo Drummond.
Dr. Philo Drummond.
Dr. Philo Drummond.
Dr. Philo Drummond.
Dr. Philo Drummond.
Dr. Philo Drummond.

Dr. Philo, philosophy, man.



Mm-hmm, yeah.
Oh, you know what that is?
Oh!
Textbooks!

Words?
Yeah, quotes are dr.
Philo Drummond.
You calling for them?
Yeah, Dr. Philo Drummond.



Well, there's a line down here.
It's from...
Some of you are going to get mad at me.
Jesus ain't in the church.
Don't turn the radio off. Keep it on.
And I wouldn't infer that our secondary state is Antichrist.
But I'm telling you that preparations are being made.
And that the very door of the day of the wrath of God is at hand.
And that if you plan to get saved, you'd better do it now.
There will be a day not in the too far distant future in which Antichrist will be revealed.
And the mark of the beast will be introduced.
And people will have a number in their hand and in their forehead.
They'll be given a computerized number, if you please,
that will entitle them to do business in this world.
And with Antichrist, you can starve.
We have a lot to do in a very short time.
Boy, you aren't kidding.
And that's the way I've felt for quite a while.
Get ready to ease out of orbit.
Ah, you bet, honey.
That's what we're going to try to do.
I have never flown a city before.
Many of you in this stadium have been deceived.
I think they'll pass the $10 bridge when they come.
The original concept was that throughout history,
all great geniuses had somebody at their side that was kind of steering them.
You know what I mean?
So you say that person is a subgenius.
That was the subgenius. He was the guy that was really...
He was making sure the genius was used to his proper potential.
Right.
And for the right reasons.
That's why the name is misleading, you know.
Now, I want you to hear a little of the service where the Holy Spirit was using me with the gift of discernment.
I was ministering in the Spirit.
God was showing me things about people I didn't know, I'd never seen before, but the Lord was talking to me.
God was talking, and I was walking.
Listen to a little of this right now.
And you have come to the end of your rope.
You don't know which way to turn.
Give me money!
It's starting to affect your nerves.
Give me my money!
And sleepless nights.

I want to kill my husband.
I want to kill my husband.
I want to kill my husband.
That's right.
That's right.
Please save my life.
Save my life!
Ha ha!

Ha ha!
Ha ha!
The future of your usefulness to us brought to you in living simulbursts.
From the depths of the third fish temple lodge of the Church of the Subgenius.
1984 version.
Send soon for a list of those deities certified approved.
P.O. Box 1403 on the line.
7-5-2-1-4.
7-5-2-1-4.

7-5-2-1-4.
7-5-2-1-4.
Available now.
On supplementary forms.
Through our offices.
In Dallas.
In Dallas.
You may now place the money in the envelope.
You may now place the money in the envelope.
You may now place the money in the envelope.
Established in 1977.
Munrises.
University ofої forts.


Elon Можно,py ininvite mar stangebde us wakeu.
Asuk ch에
Kennedy I'll give you 0 AD.
This is so background.
This information is true, but it was incorporate bhajna dressed in a anti-traumatic clothes before the fact of the redemptionaby.
I'm super skeptical that I don't have to sue You that with a problem.
General I'm from small rev.
As mentioned before, however foolish it may sound, the subgenius foot doubles as a gland, and a very complex gland at that.
Don't you want to be treated the way you need to be treated?
It treats you the way you need to be treated by intuiting the world around you so subtly that you rarely notice its machinations.
It was discovered by Dr. Philo Drummond, and he best explained its functioning in this excerpt from his daily radio show, On the Road,
so named because it is simply recorded in a car.
Or money.
Self-worth.
Or money.
To love people because they need it.
Or their money.
I believe it's something God puts in us.
Or what else does God put in us? I wish he'd give us some money, huh?
Yeah, I want some money.
Oh, we could truly know nothing only.
Reinforcing the powers of the mind.
The brain and foot gland is a small secondary brain at the base of the subgenius spine.
The mighty stegosaurus also possessed this organ, which made it tweet like a bird.
It helped it direct the reproductive and eliminative systems that are so important to us.
Another gland unknown to normals is the peen gland in the brain,
which regulates the eight separate stages or character generations through which the subgenius personality evolves during an average day.
Literally eight different personalities.
Each have control at the jessie helm of behavior at varying intervals.
We each contain eight people in our corrugated, rugated subconsciousness.
The actual average human has but four.
Good, bad, bland, and asleep.
The last thought by some scholars to overpower the others for up to 18 hours a day.
These different personalities account for the compartmentalization of the subgenius brain into eight distinct units or efficiencies in the descending order of control.
First the left brain.
The peen brain, which controls paranoia, anal compulsion, overwork, trying too hard, and thinking too much.
Then the north brain.
The make brain or take brain.
It handles jobs and money.
The south brain.
The fake brain or talk brain, which covers the gray and limbic areas of speech, writing, and lying.
Then the hind brain.
The me brain.
The pivotal center brain.
The private you rides piggyback on the lord and is infected by drugs or religion.
Bob comes in on this channel.
Then the forebrain.
The sane brain, which covers love, friendship, traditional family values called by some the tame brain.
The inner brain, or sex brain, is self-explanatory.
Finally, the right brain, or lame brain, or more brain, depending on your orientation, intuitive, art, music, drug, addiction.
And the eighth brain, the outer brain, is a pseudo-physical shell.
Incasing not only the other brains, but the entire brain.

body. This diffuse brain, larger but far less controllable than the others, is the nental life.
The nental life represents fully half of our brain power, but because it is so independent from us,
we can rarely make use of it. Occasionally, a subgenius comes along whose nental life is
incorporated into his thinking processes. Such less subgeniuses were Da Vinci, Einstein, and
Curly Howard. For most of us, however, the nental life is a separate entity, a semi-conscious
ghost twin which mindlessly follows the physical vessel about, but remains dormant throughout
most of our lives.
Something's pretty clear. Every one's a Bolivian here. And there's almost nothing to fear.
Because we got everything we want right here.
We got great big heaping buckets of Bolivian here.
And Bob Don brought us here.
Yeah, we're singing a praise to Bob.
Because he's done the math.
He's done the math.
Because I'm slopped up and silly, like a rip-headed slob.
And all I got to thank is Bob and Ivan Stagg.
And all I got to thank is Bob and Dr. Do.
And all I got to thank is Bob and everybody.
You can trust me.
I'm Dr. Ivan Stagg.
And I'm prepared to take your money and give you back your slot.
So you can believe in me.
I'm Ivan Stagg.
I never lie.
And I'm always right.
It extends throughout the universe.
It has to do with the universe.
It has to do with glass.
It has to do with the greatest.
It has to do with the public evidence.
It has to do with the Gelligan's Island.
It has to do with the Gelligan's Island.
It has to do with the doctor.
It has to do with Gary Eckler.
It has to do with the 10-minute luck plane.
It has to do with the Oglala cast over for me.
It has to do with the Gelligan's Island.
It has to do with the Gelligan's Island.
Oh, yes.
Yes, yes, dear friends.
Well, we're coming down, getting sort of close to the end of the hour there.
And I'm going to continue talking about the aspects of preachers going crazy.
On the radio, specifically here on the Hour of Slack, a couple of weeks ago.
Now, you have to understand, friends, that being a jerk, that's my outlet for artistic, I mean, religious expression.
After all, most preachers utilize the techniques of presumptuousness, orneriness, corniness, and a sort of posed intolerance.
And I also use stupidity and especially cantankerousness.
I can't really, you know, I can't relax unless I'm being cantankerous and inflicting my personal bile and spleen on others.
It's hate, dear friends.
And you wouldn't interfere with my right to hate to do my own thing, now would you?
This is a free country.
And besides, how can you, since I'm the one that's transmitting and you're only receiving?
Only receiving, friends.
Does that insult you, like last time?
Well, good.
That shows that I'm succeeding in doing.
Bob's assignment of getting you to stop letting the conspiracy, or even subgenius preachers, push you around.
This obscure church would be the next Inquisition, where I'm not constantly training you through applied obnoxiousness
to be in a continuous state of not merely defensiveness, but outright rebellion.
And if you let me get any more abusive, I'll have to kill you.
Because you'll deserve it.
It's like, I'm like an anti-role model.
That's what most subgenius...
Also,
Most subgeniuses should be anti-role models.
Besides, how dare you criticize the judgments meted out by King Stang?
You mock my total disregard for the broadcast niceties.
Oh, but have you thought about your soul?
Have you even got a girlfriend yet, huh?
Oh, my jibes have but barely begun.
I could rant a paragraph to you that would have every one of you listeners jumping off a high bridge
to escape the mocking truth wielded by my tongue.
Or Jane's.
Now, I didn't start out this way, nay.
I was a gentle man at one time.
But I've undergone teasings by the blackest minds of our generation.
If I can take it from the likes of Lies and G. Gordon Gordon,
then you'd best urinate in fear at the thought of what I could dish out to you on the radio.
To the innocent and guilty alike.
For, as my mentor, Dr. Drummond, told me,
none are so blind as those who have no eyes.
He who dares to mock King Stang and rouse him from his torpid reveries and clairvoyant visions
hath played out but the first move in a galactic game
on which hinges the very fate of this physical universe itself.
Congratulations, dear friends.
You've now entered kindergarten in the School of Terror.
Oh, don't worry. It won't kill you.
Indeed, it'll actually help you to keep your intelligence from decreasing.
At the same pace as your peers.
But, uh, but at what cost, dear listener?
At what cost?
At what cost?
Oh, I'm well aware of all your plans to assassinate me.
Oh, surprise you, nay.
Yes, I can see far, far more than you think.
More than you could ever imagine in your wildest LSD dreams.
Fine! Go ahead! Kill me!
You would-be Judases and Luthers!
Make your...
Your blindingly imbecilic move!
Your mere human attempt to wrest controls from the claws of this...
Stang demon you hallucinate!
Death would be but a step up in my ascension to ultimate power!
Next to Bob, of course.
And have you not guessed that certain contingency plans have been laid?
Thinketh you not of the children of the Stang?
Oh, I've read my Frank Herbert closely.
The Atreides conspiracy is but a high school prank!
Compared to the all-reaching arms of the Stang octopus.
Oh, your science fiction has ill-prepared you for the next generation of the Stang Ones.
What to your undiscerning ears is but a lively boy of seven and a sweet little girl of six
have undergone since birth certain forbidden training regimens which will render all your weapons,
all your propaganda, and all your mental hexes impotent! Utterly impotent!
Kill Stang One and...
The Emperor Xandar is unchained and at that point you can kiss your world, your human society,
your innocent subgenius church goodbye forever.
Or perhaps if by some accident of God the Emperor Xandar were eliminated,
oh, then you would face the Tev one.
And do you think they're my only offspring?
Have you fools never watched a Star Wars movie?
Just as Darth Vader's son Luke was kept from knowing of his own sister's existence,
do you think that...
that, um, I, the Darth Vader of Dallas, have shown all my cards?
Oh, no indeed, dear friends, no indeedy, I say.
But you'll see.
Well, stay tuned for, uh, Ron Lindsey.
You've been listening to King Stang, ultimate stud groupie attractor and mystic psychic power monger,
the very left brain of Dobbs, the chosen bringer, dear friends of terror,
and lawsuits, owner of the trademark of God on Earth, slayer of would-be scribe ship usurpers,
subjector of all bobbies, decider of degrees of fame of subgenius mortals,
second chosen of the fishers of wallets, biggest-organed and sexiest-voiced entrapper of radio groupies,
subduer of hecklers, butt-splitter of moonies, exploiter of comedic idiot savants,
master of the sardonic over-the-cute, violator of postal...
Oh, forget it.
Anyway, okay, okay.
Don't rush me. Stop, stop, stop.
Sister Chris asked me to come down here for an experiment.
She asked me to listen to the Church of the Subgenius cassette and, and...
I don't know, she said something like she wanted a normal reaction.
Well, that didn't sound normal to me.
At least it won't sound like a church.
I mean, aren't churches supposed to be quiet and not really boring?
I mean, I could hardly understand what went on there.
I mean, was it meant to be funny or what?
I mean, come on. Tell me. Is it serious?
Like, you know, do you have to...
Are they telling you to stop listening to Top 40,
give up things like watching Dynasty or eating Haagen-Dazs
or maybe shopping at home from an Esprit catalog?
What? Huh?
What are you trying to say? What is this note?
Listen, stupid, stop babbling or I'll ship you to Dallas with a sign saying,
U.S. Grade A conspiracy dupe across your forehead.
Hey, I don't know what that means,
but, but I don't like your attitude.
Okay? I mean, like, just, you, you asked me to come here and I mean,
why did you even ask me, what?
Just, just sit over there, okay?
You try and experiment down here and it just doesn't work.
You, you try to bring an opposing viewpoint, somewhat of a rebuttal and, uh,
you never can tell.
This is Sister Chris here. It's 1233.
It's not 1233. It's two minutes till midnight.
Four minutes till something like that.
And this is K-N-O-N 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
And you cannot leave either.
No, we're here.
Woof, woof.
No, we're here.
The Muslim film presents Ben Franklin,
Hero for Hopping.
I wanted the woods and the Indians to sleep with me.
But I was afraid of the cold and made them sleep outside.
So I never felt the touch of a warm, naked Indian or,
or in a cold, naked forest.
Ben Franklin,
the only president of the United States,
who was never president of the United States.
Was he an early drug user?
Let's see.
He wrote of it in Poor Dick's Conspiracy in 1761,
while still an apprentice book baker in colonial Philadelphia.
So, I betook me to the Hashfire Inn for a secret caucus of the hotheads,
rebellious libertines all, lusting for life and liberty.
The real George Washington brought the hemp,
and all the evening gators.
We quickly proceeded to get slain of the angels,
and young Tom Everson goodly stretched by the hemp,
which smoked us all like Boston's scrot.
What a fetid fervor of freedom.
I say, let's have a revolution.
Sam the tax collector.
To which Big Ben replied,
Fine Sam, then we can invite over a bunch of immigrants and make cars.
Yes, 1761,
Hemp kindled the fires of American history.
Never give me clockwork films.
And old toilet books.
And old toilet history.
And old toilet books.
And old toilet history.
Oh, yes dear friends,
you've been listening to the Hour of Slack radio ministry
produced by the Church of the Subgenius.
As I said, this is KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
Stay tuned for Down Memory Lane with Ron Lindsey.
And this is your host,
King,
Pope,
Killer,
Reverend Ivan Stang,
arbiter of hipness
down-putter of talk show hosts
and my mighty glibness
son of the king of bull shatterers
he who hath been copied
by David Byrne and Garrison Keillor
payer of royalty checks
to type running buddies
contract signer of all paying subgenius projects
president of the corporation of all Dobbs PR
48% owner of the Janer tongue
first interpreter of the dogma
enrager of pinks and lesser subgeniuses alike
living embodiment of hate slack under Dobbs
keeper of the original Dobbs image
carrot dangler of long promised magazines
and returner of compliments
you faithless
demon leader этой
lucrative
so
you
great

sneak

mm






the
Oh yes, dear friends, this is Li Weijing, a Chinese subgenius, and you are listening
to the Hour of Slack.
Remember, Bob is a comrade of all people.
He is a Chinese, just like in America.
People need Slack.
In Chinese, we call Slack, Lu Tianpang.
But it must be true Slack, not the bad Slack of the conspiracy.
Boy, will you look at that guy's swag.
Help me somebody.
Thank you, Li Weijing.
Yes, my friends, we have the great Ivan Stang here tonight.
Ivan Stang himself, the grand auditor and chief inquisitor of the subgenius faith, who
has every subject.
His name is on his special basement computer, and he's here tonight to make the hour and
a half of Slack seem like, well, like forever.
Ah, yes, dear friends, so good to be here.
Say it, Ivan, say it.
Feeling the power.
Hit it.
In this hideous, hideous place.
Bob lives, friends.
Bob lives.
Don't let him tell you otherwise.
He ain't dead.
Oh, what is this?
I should know.
I'm the guy that has to read sooner.
Later, all the mail that comes to that T.O. box that you probably thought was just made
up.
The opinions expressed by Ivan Stang do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the staff
and management of this radio station, the other staff, the relations and spouses of
the staff and management, or the staff of this staff and the staff.
That's really true, Al, but he doesn't know that it's all over the place these days.
He's dragged out of the Victoria Theater with these eyes.
These.
Deadlights looked on Bob and the light was drifting from them forever.
There's, there's saint of sale corpses dotting the landscape all the way from Little Rock
to Berkeley here.
I don't know what the big deal is.
I mean, that just because, just because there's a Dobbs corpse there doesn't necessarily,
I mean, can Bob really die?
I'd say yes, Ivan, and I think you better grow up and face the, face the sick truth
that this Bobby is.

This isn't necessarily everything that you say he is.
Putrescent.
