This here is a statue of Bob. Great Bob. Great Bob with a great pipe on his great white horse. Praise Bob.
This here is the pipe of Dobbs. Stuck in the grunting grin of Dobbs. Praise Dobbs on his great white horse.
If you can help us with a donation.
This here is the frock what lies in the bowl of Dobbs.
The great Dobbs. The great white Dobbs on his great white horse. Praise Bob and his great white horse.
This here is the smile of Dobbs.
Not to be confused with the grunting grin that holds the pipe that bears the frock that flames to the heavens that fills the sky with the righteous stink of Bob in the nostrils of every man.
Praise Bob.
This here is a statue of Bob on his great white horse. This is Bob on his horse. The great white horse Bob. Praise Bob.
This here is Bob. Mind your boots going through the door tip.
This here is the boots of Dobbs. What Bob uses to ride the great white horse.
Praise Bob.
This here is the statue of Bob. The great Bob.
Stride his great white horse.
This here is the door to the room that bears the statue of Bob. Mind your boots going through.
Praise Bob.
This is the horrible room where in dwells the subgenius radio ministry.
Hour of Slack.
And I knew there had to be some sort of music in the background there.
And yes friends this show is a little bit of a mess.
But we're not sure what it's going to be.
We know that we're going to get down to some beloved tape recordings of an actual subgenius devival in New York City.
The Slack folks devival in New York City without yours truly preaching.
It was wonderful.
And they killed it.
They killed them.
And it was love.
And it was beautiful with Pope David N. Meyer preaching.
And kings of feedback.
And just all manner of crazy.
Dr. Legume evil preachers.
Friends.
Those live recordings of true real subgenius preachings and spankings will be coming up.
It's going to be a religious show.
And speaking of religious shows.
Well let's see.
I have to have some sort of background music here at all times ready to go.
This ought to work.
All right.
See.
That one just went out.
That one just pooped out.
And we'll start.
We'll start this old lovely Doctors for Bob hymn in the background.
Friends because I wanted to.
Not so much a sermon at the beginning of this hour.
I'm just going to have to get my own little

Oh,
you know what?
Only in the city of this lovely city.
I.
I.
I.

Yes.
Okay.
That's there.
That feels much better.
Yep.
Friends.
What I was saying was I had a hankering to do not a sermon this time, but a review.
Yes.
I.
A high weirdness.
Any way you can get it review from.
I'm trying to get back in doing those.
You know.
Just bringing to you some helpful hints on where to find the weirdest and sickest.

of, you know what, I'm just gonna shut that music off. It's fighting me this time.
Friends, you know, the most hilariously stupid and deliciously bizarre crackpot materials can
sometimes be seemingly innocuous and found to have been lurking immediately under one's nose
for a long time while somehow going unsniffed. Their insane kook creators hide them right out
in the open where they are too often taken for normal and ignored by we connoisseurs of
bulldada. In consternation, we learn too late that they've been there all along just waiting
to be mined for their inadvertent hilarity potential. And I'd like to review today
a few of the most hilarious and most hilarious things that have happened to me in the past.

This, what I like to call it the prick teaser's digest.
Let me put it this way. Those who are not exactly in the walk will bray with laughter
upon close inspection of Brio magazine. A Christian magazine from Focus on the Family
suggested donation for gift subscriptions is only 15 bucks. Now what might pass
as any boring pink piece of fluff found in a dentist's waiting room or the living room of any
bland Christian family is actually a hilarious cesspool of repressed sexual terror.
And you know, there's a lot of kinds of Christian magazines, and this one's of an unusual variety.
It's not the sinisterly paranoid kind.
Not even the hilariously inept kind, but simply an example of the unfathomably lame.
What we worldlies and seculars would call almost Flandersian after Ned Flanders on The Simpsons.
Now, if you've got a sarcastic, atheist, teenage girl with an attitude in your family, a gift subscription to Brio is
a gift subscription to Brio.
It's just the thing for a birthday. Every month it will bring her many minutes of cynical mirth.
You know, this really just isn't the same without some sort of background music.
I've got to have it.
That's better.
I don't know if that's...
No, that's not appropriate.
Okay, I think I've found it. I think I know just what we need here, dear friends.
Thanks to Nenslo for...
coming through, delivering the greatest background music for this sort of thing.
I'm sure.
Okay, back to Brio magazine.
Brio looks like any other teen girls magazine.
It's got dating advice, diet articles, pictures of fresh-faced, well-scrubbed boys and girls with all their clothes on, looking happy.
The art looks as if it's done by real illustrators.
The artist is a real artist.
You see everywhere.
There's even a comic strip that looks just like Archie.
But it's all counterfeit normality.
Weird differences creep in.
The ads aren't normal ads.
Instead of perfume and blue jeans, it's the sterling silver, just-say-wait pendant with the inscription,
Worth Waiting For.
Regardless of what you buy,
or what you may have done in the past,
you can remain sexually pure until marriage, starting right now.
And notice how they're careful not to alienate potential customers,
you know, Pobucker girls who already made that mistake.
By the way, folks, I'm sorry if we're belittling those who happen to hold different beliefs from ours,
but we're right, and they're idiots.
Thank you.
Sample articles that you'll find in Brio magazine include,
they have titles like,
What Does God Sound Like?
Is Everybody Really Doing It?
Sexual Purity Defined.
It stops after light kissing, dear friends.
There's no sexual purity beyond the most chaste of lures.
Light kisses.
Ask Dr. Paul.
In this issue, the headline is,
My period is really, really, really heavy.
And there's hints for how to have the flagpole prayer at your school and so forth.
But you see, the Brio girl, as shown in their many fully clothed pinups,
is fresh-faced, lily-white, well-scrubbed, and squeaky clean.
Even the token dwarf, nice pinup girl.
The Brio girl is cool, but Christian.
She's...actually, she's every teenage boy's worst nightmare, friends.
But she has problems, too.
From sweaty hair after P.E. to agonizing over whether it's okay to pray about sports.
By the way, it is okay to pray about sports.
It says.
But you should ask God to help you play your best, not to win.
Because there might be Christian teens on the opposing team praying, too.
And you don't want to, you know, confuse God or nothing.
But there's this great letters section in Brio magazine.
And here are some examples of letters to Dear Susie, the editor.
Dear Susie, help.
I think I'm addicted to MTV.
My parents don't allow me to watch it.
But I do anyway.
Now I can't seem to stop.
I have a lousy attitude after watching it.
And I get songs with swear words stuck in my head all day.
What should I do?
Susie's solution.
By the way, this is not Reverend Susie the floozy we're talking about, but a Christian reverend.
She says simply quit watching MTV.
Which makes sense.
But if that doesn't work, get your parents to help you quit.
And she goes on to say.
I would hate to think that watching MTV affected where you will eventually spend eternity.
Ask God to forgive you and come clean with your folks.
Yes, friends.
It is a horrible thought to think that.
MTV affects where you will spend eternity.
Another kid is worried because she can't make herself stop cussing.
All her friends and everyone at school cuss.
And Susie says, well, then why not think about changing friends?
But Susie, this is a world of rampant, unrestrained cussing.
It is Satan's world.
And I'm afraid this child shall have.
No friends.
Unless she comes to the church of the subgenius friends where you can cuss.
In fact, if you don't, if you don't cuss in an original manner, why, we'll kick you out of the church.
Yes, we're fascists here, friends.
Dear Susie, I know that sex before marriage is a sin.
And I have sworn that I will remain a virgin until my wedding night.
But how much fooling around is acceptable?
By God.
And Aunt Bertha, I mean Susie says, anything beyond a light kiss is considered petting.
And when you're involved in petting, you're making it extremely difficult for the person you're with to keep a godly mindset.
In fact, each time you go a step further,
you find the devil.
And it takes more to fulfill your appetite.
Dear Susie, the boys on the football team have repeatedly raped me and my 13-year-old friends.
Yet, they profess a deep faith in Christ.
No one believes us because these guys are such terrific leaders and enthusiastic Christians.
Does this happen in other churches as well?
But friends, and Susie went on to say, you should tell your parents and call the police.
But my favorite of all was this one, dear friends.
This poor Christian girl, obviously this girl is lost.
She needs the church of the subgenius in her life.
Because her question to dear Susie was, I have pledged to remain sexually pure until marriage.
But what if Jesus comes back before I get married?
I want to know how it feels to have sex.
Is this a horrible thing to want?
See what it is, this girl, she doesn't want to go off to heaven before she's, you know, had, got, got her some.
Is it such a horrible thing to want?
And Susie says, yes.
No one knows the time or date of Christ's return.
He may come back before you receive your next issue of Brio.
And if he does come back, sex won't be the only thing you'll miss out on.
What about college life and grad school and giving birth?
No.
No, I'm afraid, young lady, the promise of Jesus' return is no excuse to fornicate like a common wanton weasel in the grass behind the old church there during summer, church summer camp.
Ah, yes.
And here's one that makes me think that Susie, dear Susie, the actual editor of this pen-Christian magazine,
actually, I think that she writes all the dear Susie letters, because here's one from a guy.
In Guy Talk, Susie asked these cute, non-threatening lads, shown here, the question,
What really bugs you about girls?
And this lad said,
I'm really trying to be a good Christian.
Sometimes it's tough.
But you know what makes it really hard?
It's when girls wear stuff that's like, revealing.
It's distracting.
My mom always taught me that's not cool, so it bothers me.
I think I understand why they do it.
It's what the world, you know, like TV,
It's what the world, you know, like TV,
tells them they're supposed to be doing.
But it really bugs me.
But yet, see friends, yet even in a Christian magazine like this,
there's titillation in spades indeed.
Because what's not, they have a lot of first person accounts of rape, child abuse,
and plain ordinary dates, you know, where the boy goes too far, gets fresh, goes beyond like kissing.
It's what they don't say.
They build up to it and they don't say it.
But by the time it gets to,
Before she knew it, his hand was underneath her blouse.
Man, you've gotten off.
You don't need it spelled out.
I like this, I like this new family values approach to pornography, friends.
And it is pornography for young Christian girls.
It's loaded with photos of non-threatening boys with captions.
Like, where does he stand with Christ?
And there's inspirational stories and there's music reviews
to tell you what's really Christian and what just sounds sort of Christian.
There was a review of Soundgarden, which I really like that band.
But their comment on Soundgarden was,
Why wallow in negativity?
There's no reason to settle for Soundgarden's weed-filled worldview.
Um...
And, you know, it warns you away from satanic card games.
You know, cause why hinder your walk with God
with exciting, original, imaginative, devilish games
when there's Christian ones like Redemption?
And it may be because, like the Christian rock and roll bands,
they're, well, boring, corny, predictable,
and blatant imitations of mainstream, secular hits.
And you always know how they're gonna end.
But, you know, I mean, the walk comes first.
But, um...
And to tell the truth, you could get the same thrill
just by browsing through a Christian bookstore.
When was the last time you did that, dear listener?
When was the last time you went to a Christian bookstore
and just wandered through looking at the titles
and seeing that lovely world?
Well, with a magazine like Brio,
you can smirk in superiority
without actually having to mess with any of those
tedious people in person.
Ah, yes, and this has been our review of the Christian walk
and, uh, why we're not in it.
And that's...
Let's get back to some serious subgenius preaching
here at the, uh, Slack Folks D Vival
in New York City.
Uh, dear friends, Price Bob.
Uh...type?
Here we go.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Hallelujah.
Welcome to the Slack Folks D Vival.
Whoo!
Louder!
Whoo!
Yes, yes!
You know why we're here.
To praise the almighty J.R. Bob Dogg.
Let's throw out the sacred golf ball.
The sacred golf ball for everyone.
The one that catches it is guaranteed slack.
But just...
Oh, that's...
Heads up!
So if I catch it, they'll have slack.
Get into my life-saving body of mine.
Anyway, I'm Rev. Bill T. Miller of Kings of Feedback,
and this is the legendary Kid Gimzu!
Yeah!
Doin' the line.



I told you!
You don't know that TERA was created.
After all, our spiritualpliners,
we're insignificant.
Wow!
Yeah, awesome!
Howdy.
to bring a few of us back from the dead from time to time.
Have you noticed that, especially around this time of year,
it seems anything goes?
No matter what you do, you just can't win?
Tired of the technobordom, the conspiracy of sales you're with?
Are we just not scary enough?
Are you looking for something that appeals both to your intelligence
and your nads?
You must have been to come out tonight, brothers and sisters.
Any old religion can offer you your own intellect back.
We're a bevy of beautiful men and women.
What the Church of the Subgenius offers you, friends, is eternal salvation
or triple your money back!
Okay, I was gonna finish up the rest of this one.
I'm gonna have to do this rant right now, but it just dawns on me right now
that I forgot something very crucial about this evening.
We're actually not supposed to just leap right into the ranting willy-nilly.
There's kind of a tradition in the Church of the Subgenius.
Those of you who don't know about it are gonna be initiated into it tonight.
And so, you know, other religions start out with a prayer before the preachers,
but we don't really believe in much prayer of sorts.
And appropriate to the Kings of Feedback, who are a noisy band,
we like to start out with a moment of sacred, traditional noise!
Yay!
Praise God, hallelujah!
We have Kings of Feedback playing all the doctor music for you tonight.
We have Reverend Dr. Dr. Mr. M.D. David N. Meyer,
the Pope of New York City, Idaho, and the great Pacific Northwest,
the isness of the business, beloved of Bob, coming up right next.
But friends, before I...
David Meyer, friends.
We got the whole world in his hands.
We got the whole world in his hands.
We got the whole world in his hands.
We got the whole world in his hands.
Thank you, children! Thank you, children! Thank you, children!
I'm here tonight to preach to you the word of Bob.
But first, give me an S!
S!
Give me an L!
L!
Give me an A!
A!
Give me a C!
C!
Give me a K!
A!
What's that spell?
S!
What's that spell?
S!
What's that spell?
S!
What must a subtenuous have?
S!
Children, the subtenuous, he or she must have slack.
Now children, people come to me, people from all walks of life, they come to me and they say day.
They say to me, Riv Day!
Riv Day!
They say to me, Pokemon! New York City Day!
Pokemon! New York City Day!
Just what is this slack of which you speak?
And children, I say to them, I say slack is difficult to define, but it's easy to recognize.
And it's often most palpable in its absence, children.
In its absence.
And you know who takes away your slack?
That's actually the conspiracy takers.

The un-initiated, let me say unequivocally, that the conspiracy is no metaphor.
The conspiracy is no analogy.
The conspiracy is not the Trilateral Commission.
No, the conspiracy is the vast, inhuman succubus taking your soul, children.
But do you know who protects you from the conspiracy, children?
Do you know who stands in the way of the conspiracy?
It's Bob, children!
Gerald Bob Doe!
Bob!
Bob!

Bob!

Does Bob save everyone?
No!
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Pa get to, children.
Pa get to.
Bob only saves those who have taken him into their heart and into their mind.
But most importantly, children, Bob saves those who have taken him into their checkbook, children.
That's right.
Now, children, I got a little sermon I'm going to preach to you all tonight.
People, you know, they come to me, children, and they say to me, Dave.
They say to me, Rev. Dave.
They say to me, pop of all New York City, Dave.
I'm so confused.
I'm sore confused.
I'm baffled.
I'm baffled because I have no identity.
No matter what I spend my money on, there is an abyss, children.
There's a void.
There's a canyon.
That canyon between you and yourself, children.
There's a valley.
The companion, the canyon that conspiracy invents so you go out and buy yourself an identity.
That abyss, children. That void. I've only got one thing to say to you about that void, children.
Why do you think they call it the gap?
They call it the gap, children. You go down there and buy something to get yourself an identity.
And no matter how much you buy, children, you'll never be satisfied. You know why?
Because you ain't got no slack, children. You ain't got no slack.
Because the conspiracy is on you, children.
But tonight, children, I've got something for you to buy that will give you that slack.
I have something to offer you tonight, children, that will never wear out.
That will never bore you. That will never turn away from you.
In which your interest will never slacken.
That's right, children. That's right.
And I have a product so fantastic you will play with it for the rest of your life.
And children, let me tell you.
My product is you.
That's right, children.
Does Bob care that from MTV and Nike ads and everything else, the world is so fragmented you can't finish a thought?
That any argument you hear sounds good?
Does Bob care that we have the attention span of gnats?
That's no, and I'll tell you why.
Come on.
Help me now because Bob is a short-duration, personal savior.
Hallelujah, children.
That's right, children.
As you know, as most of you know, Bob wants you to pull the wool over your own eyes.
Not the Gap's wool, children. Not MTV's wool, children.
Not the Wall Street Journal's wool, children. No.
Your own wool.
He wants you to pull your own wool over your eyes.
And relax in the safety of your own delusions.
Because children, when you do that, in five minutes you'll be so bored you'll start thinking for yourself.
And when you start thinking for yourself, children, you'll know there's only one path.
And that path is to Bob.
Now children, people come to me and they say, Dave.
Excuse me, I said they say to me, Dave.
They say to me, Ram Dan.
They say to me, Paul Pabon.
New York City Dave.
New York City Dave.
I don't feel that my worth is validated.
I don't feel that my boss regards me at my proper worth.
I don't feel that my girlfriend regards me at my proper worth.
I don't feel that my catamite regards me at my proper worth.
But children, I'll tell you something.
There is one person who'll always regard you at your proper worth.
That's Bob, children.
Come here and hold this mic.
Hold this damn thing.
Woo!
I'll show you something, children, right now about worth.
Let me demonstrate with a visual aid, children.
Children, this is a dollar bill.
Now, children, if you're one of those lame-ass whiz-bang one-dollar bill members,
well, Bob regards you at your worth.
Children, if you're one of those ass-kicking $30 members,
and wait, Will, if we just make him all, Will, what do the people get for $30, please?
Eternal salvation.
Yes, children, eternal salvation.
Eternal salvation is nice, children.
But in this day and age, we require something more tangible.
And I believe for a $30 membership, you get bumper stickers.
You get a pamphlet.
You get buttons.
You get the praise and envy and approbation of all your friends.
And then, children, you'll be regarded at your true worth.
Bob will regard you as having $30 worth.
Because you've got to remember, children, one of the geniuses of Bob
is that when all is said and done,
Bob doesn't really care that much about you.
Bob has bitter fish to fry, children.
Ask anyone who knows the Pope.
They'll tell you he's the most slackless member of the church.
Those who work the hardest always are, children.
We always are.
For instance, my mic stand has given me no slack tonight.
But, children, I want to say that when you tithe to Bob,
that which is Bob's,
the bit of your soul that smudges off on that $20 bill
and that $20 bill,
a cornucopia of slack will pour down upon you.
Unless, of course, you're one of these damn hip wimps or demibobs
that comes along and says,
where's my Bob?
How come I'm not getting any cooler?
Why spend $30 on the church and I'm not any cooler?
The answer is, children,
that your slack doesn't include cooler.
And that's just too bad.
But you know something?
Don't blame Bob, children.
Because Bob doesn't make human nature.
Bob just exploits it.
And now, children,
can you hear me, children?
Yes, yes, we hear you, Pope David N. Meyer,
the great Pope David Meyer,
back in the preaching circuit in New York City
at Bill T. Miller's amazing Slack Folks.
Oaks D. Bible.
And we'll be back with more of Pope Meyer's classic sermonizing
after these messages from someone else.
Now, children, when I go around to this great nation,
this great land,
and I preach the word of Bob,
people, they say to me,
Dave,
they say to me,
Bob, Dave,
they say to me,
Pope,
New York City, Dave.
What is the deal between pink and slack?
Ah!
So, children, it just takes a moment of explanation.
The pink boys and the pink girls,
they are the leading cutting edge of the conspiracy, children.
They are the people who want to take away your slack.
And I'm going to give you an example, a parable, a story
from the life of the Pope himself.
Last night, children, last night,
I walked 15 cross-town blocks in the rain
to keep a rendezvous at some upscale restaurant.
And I walked up in there,
and I was not, I was not clad
as I come before you tonight.
Because last night,
I was in the den of the conspiracy,
and tonight,
I'm in the cradling arms of slack!
I went upstairs, children,
to my normal Pope's guard.
Hi, Bob.
I went up there,
and there was this beautiful young lady.
She placed her hand on my arm,
and she restricted my entrance into this room, children.
And that's why I say the conspiracy is no metaphor.
There she was, children,
surrounded by the self-satisfaction conformity
of the conspiracy.
Gray suits and blue ties,
incarnate!
Oh, I love to be naked!
But, children, it was not so much that uniform that shone.
No, no, no, no, no, it was that
pink glow of conformity, children.
The way they looked around the room
to make sure they fit in.
The way they looked around the room
in pursuit of that scapegoat.
The way they looked around the room
to make sure that everyone looked just like them.
And that's why I say
they get that pink, wholesome glow, children.
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!









Because of pinkness have always been arrayed
against the forces of slack.
Ah!
Oh, children, it's a struggle.
There are times, children,
when those of you who claim to believe
do not tithe to Bob,
that which is Bob, namely your hard money.
And, oh, Brother Pink,
he starts to get old brother slack now.
Oh, yes, children, he gets on him
because he needs that money.
Oh, no, Brother Slack.
He's a fighting, children.
He's a gasping, children.
He's a choking, children.
But the final outcome of this great battle
is all up to you.
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
That's right, children.
It's all up to you, children.
Children, I know that in the privacy of your home,
in the horrible glare of that 2 a.m. bathroom mirror,
I know, the Pope knows in his heart of hearts,
Ah!
that you feel unclean.
You feel unworthy.
You wonder where that open-armed community is
awaiting to embrace you with the embraces
that you deserve, children.
Your Pope knows that, children.
He feels for you, children.
And, you know, there's certainly parameters
I feel for you.
I got a lot to do.
But basically, I do feel for you, children.
I know that feeling of wanting to be good,
of wanting to be clean,
of wanting to be right.
But, children, this is a revival.
We're here tonight to let that happen.
So, children, I'm gonna leave you now, children.
With one thought I want you to carry.
I want you to carry it in your mind.
I want you to carry it in your hearts, children.
I want you to carry it in checkbooks.
Yes, I do.
And that thought is this, children.
You are good enough.
You are clean enough.
You are right enough.
But if, if, and only if,
you get right,
we're found tonight.
Good night!
Good night!
Good night!







Good night, children!
Good night!


Couldn't get any slacker than that,
huh, dear friends?
Yes!
Let us hear it one more time
for Pope Meyer.
a bit of noise.
Well, to protect you from the anti-music,
we got some free Kings of Feedback
earplugs.
Here are Kings of Feedback.
Dear friends,
we're going to butcher up a couple of
Doctor classics from some of your favorite
Doctor bands, namely
Doctors for Bob,
Swingin' Love Corpses,
Brother Cleave,
and this long classic,
Box
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
B.O.B.
I'm in the sex god
I'm in the sex god
They think Bob is a good man
I bet you think Bob is a just man
But you don't believe Bob is a good man
You're the one who forgot from the beginning
You're the one who forgot from the beginning
I'm in the sex god
I'm in the sex god
I'm in the sex god
I'm in the sex god
That's right
Bob is a sex god
Just look at him
Dr. Prude, Dr. Prude, Dr. Prude, Dr. Prude
Dr. Prude, Dr. Prude, Dr. Prude

Dr. Prude, Dr. Prude, Dr. Prude, Dr. Prude
Dr. Prude, Dr. Prude, Dr. Prude, Dr. Prude, Dr. Prude



This here's Bob
That there is Ivan Stang, the sacred scribe
cunningly wrought in epoxy resins
Observe the pinched and callow features
the nicotine-stained fingers
the miserable, shriveled soul
The sacred scribe
Don't touch
Over here you have the overman
This here is the great white-headed overman
pink-cheeked and round-nosed
Don't touch him
Hell Monkey chin. Notice the split diversions on the tip of the nose.
Notice he has five penises under each armpit and two more between his legs.
This is an anatomically faithful reproduction of the overman.
Don't touch, please. Mind your boots going through the door. Tip.
This here is a statue of the Gebrogfran, faithfully reproduced in carved cedar wood
from the cedars of Lebanon on the banks of the Tyre.
Or was it the iron?
Notice the Gebrogfran is always represented just before he falls into the tube
and is annihilated by the great wave of Negi.
This here is the void, the faceless emptiness, the great vastness,
the emptiness, the dark midnight of the soul.
This is the black hole of all emotions we call Negi.
Mind your boots going through. Don't touch her. It's your problem.
This here.
Is the statue of Connie.
Stella Maris, the Irma Ja, the Virgin Mary, the mother of all, their great goddess.
Mind your boots going through her door. You'll be in a lot of trouble.
This here is the Dobbs Museum.
This way, please. This concludes the end of this tour.
Mind your boots going out.
Watch out for the statue of Dobbs, the great Dobbs on his great white horse.
Thank you.
Thank you.
What, what, what, what, what, what, you're going to play now.
You're listening to the Puzzling Evidence Program,
and we are not talking about UFOs.
As the gentleman asked,
He's going to play now.
Whew.
What are they going to play now?
Now that they've played with the Earth long enough,
what do the aliens want now?
And isn't it somewhat, perhaps maybe true,
that what they found out there at Roswell
was actually alien pet poop?
Do you understand?
I can make you all go away anytime I want to.
Actually, Senator, I never said on the record
that I thought they were spacemen.
And the case is still open.
And I feel that when we make this apprehension,
the expense will be well justified.
Is what I feel.
You seen anything out here tonight, Eddie?
Like what?
Something unusual.
This here's the desert, girly girl.
What you call unusual don't mean much around here.
If you know what they mean.
I seen plenty.
I seen hailstones as big as your head.
I seen lightning shoot out the ground up into the clouds.
And I heard stuff, too.
When the wind gets tangled up in them power lines,
it makes the water sing like crazy.
I'm a woman in love.
30 years out here.
Ain't nothing unusual to me.
Thanks a lot, Eddie.
Don't mention it, Sheriff.
Don't mention what?
The crazy woman at night.
What do you figure she saw?
Well, it could have been some kid in a hot rod.
Once more on...
Time for America's favorite traveling series.
In the
It's the morning before the Senate subcommittee hearings on unusual behavior.
Senator McCarr Trouble and Senator Foghead Leggirs have summoned Bob.
Uh-oh.

La, la, la, la.
Bob, I still can't find your glow-in-the-dark boxer shorts
or hand-painted tie with the many glowing heads of Neeky.
Bob!
Damn, drunk or frapped again.
What's this?
The pages of Bob's Betty Page photo splash,
all dog-eared, all soggy and slimy,
like greasy fried chicken.
No, no, no, no.
Roman, I mean, Bob!
I think Little Ivan's been clicking your castanets,
and what have you done to its eyes?
Stop!
Kill me, bitch!
Kill me, bitch!
No, Bob!
Kill me, bitch!
No!
No!
Me kill me, bitch!
No!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Woo!
How much slacker than that can you get?
You butchered those classics.
You slacked for sale!
I'm the art of power, baby.
I know it's fact.
You are the power of my life.
God, forgive me for nothing!
Let it run, don't bring up.
Stop!
You're a man.
You're piercing another human reality now.
I'm gonna have my slacks.
I'm gonna have my slacks.
I'm gonna have my slacks.
You slacks.
Boy, here we have you.
Here we go!
All sorts of slacks.
Yo, every kind of slacks is like them all.
Like the other side of the world.
And if you're right upstairs,
here he is, your butchered old man.
And you butchered that shit right now.
Get out!
Huge fight.
We have huge fights.
Final number three.
Fight, fight, fight, fight, I want huge.
Huge fights.
One, two, three.
Swag him off!
You have the cash, you can have your flag.
The money is mine!
Nothing for nothing.
You're like a tree.
Swag.
Flag is totally controlled by your protection.
Hey, you can't take my stuff.
I can take it for everyone.
Yeah, baby.
Swag, swag.
Swag, only, only, only by prescription.
Swag can heal your soul.
Stand back, dear friend, stand back.
I can't be responsible.
Why did that happen?
Repent!
Quit your job!
You have been driven to the brink of insanity
by the conspiracy!
Fuck!
You're out of the house!
You're an asshole!
What did you even think?
All this away!
All this is a mess!
Release!
Watch out!
Oh no!
Not the anti-bomb!
Bomb is not the answer!
And these are the things they are!
Nobody thinks bombs are the answer!
That's right!
Bomb is a blast!
Blasphemy is meant to die by the anti-bomb!
You can keep it off right now!
You can call the equipment!
He is going for the bomb!
And here comes the bomb!
Kill him off!
Kill him off!
The middle block!
Kill him off!
Kill him off!
Bomb blast!
Here it seems, passion!
Bomb, make it known,
when the biggest wave
you've ever had in the record
can become your single savior!
Grab and make it up!
Now, dear friends,
there's no telling
what's going on in this stage.
I, as I understand it,
Dobbs walked out.
They killed him.
he killed them
and Bill Miller
the lead singer there with Kings of Feedback
is having some kind of a fit
some kind of terrible
he's been messed up
he's spazzing out
the Pokeball New York
is healing Bill Miller
good lord look at that
look at what's coming out of his mouth
it's disgusting
Miller seems to be speaking in tongues
no he's healed
he's up he's up he's healed
Christ Bob
Christ Bob another healing
it's the only way
the only way to
the only way to

survive friends
is to kill Bob
we must kill that which we love
the most
Kings of Feedback dear friends
another lovely
devival
well actually that's not the end of it
that's only the end of
Part 2
Part 1 of the New York Devival
but we're getting now down near to the end of
Part 2 of this show
Kings of Feedback heard howling in the background
alright I know that was a heap of noise
and it's a bloody mess up here
we're gonna have to cart our savior off
put him in his body bag full of prairie crit squid juice
and resurrect him in three days
and dear friends you can resurrect
Bob yourself
with your request for free information
from the Church of the Subgenius
I think it's time to give you that
post office box number again don't you
you got that pencil ready
just be ready
at any second now
to write to
Bob at post office box
did you spell his name right now
did you get that right
that's Bob at post office box
140
30
6
Dallas Texas
75214
I'll give that number again
that's P.O. Box
140306
Dallas Texas
75214
yes and now what shall we do
what I need to do is give you some credits
as to what's been going on here
this is Doctors4Bob in the background
we've been listening to of course
the New York Slack folks
the Bible
particularly Pope David N. Meyer
the Pope of all New York
preaching back in his
domain of New York again
and Boston's own
kings of feedback with Bill T. Miller
doing those wonderful old hits
used Slack and Kill Bob
and so forth and we also heard
some nice cuts out of
Puzzling Evidences
broadcast there on KPFA
and Berkeley
cuts in well actually he got
some stuff from all over the place
that was G. Gordon Gordon
talking about
really giving you a tour
through the Dobbs Museum
and the statues of the saints
and the gods and the demons
and we heard some of ESO radios
Brain Rot Theater
Brain Rot Radio Theater
with the Bob and Connie show
with Lonesome Cowboy Dave there
and Princess Weardo and uh
and uh... what's that?
what?
oh there's so many many many things
to flip on next
let's just
let's just try one
Sister Smegma
it comes by her name
for her own lust for smegma pie
that woman's trying to delude you child
that's why you don't go to church anymore
Grandpa why is it that you tell me
one thing that I should do
and then there's another person
tells me the total opposite
and they say that's the right thing too
I don't understand that Grandpa
I told you son
only listen to me
and little voices in your head
especially the
grandpa
the little voices in my head
are telling me to kill you again
I think that that's crazy Grandpa
oh
oh
oh
oh
hey Dad Dad
Dad look at the price
that's been growing
I'm glad I killed all those sea monkeys
and got with something with some fighting
and I'm glad I killed them
Dad Dad
you're drunk again
And I'm all gagged up too
It's not your dad
Stop torturing me
Stop torturing me
stop torturing me Connie
you like it
you knew those high heels
were two sizes too small
oh gee mom and dad
can't we ditch this slather
and get to the part where I
eat the whole can of Crisco
How many times must we tell you
we're not as smart
Your parents.
Your fictionalized radio character.
The kid.
The innocent, mischievous gargoyle, like the voiceover says.
Your luggage.
A suitcase.
Get it?
I hate you, Mommy.
I hate you, Mommy.
I hate you, Mommy.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Get right up.
Was it good for you, Seegers?
Good night.
Oh, wait, what about Bob?
Oh, yes.
In the grips of my torment, I forgot about the best plane of all.
Wait a moment.
You, J.R. Bob, dog.
Who says we never mention Bob on this show?
We try to cover all the glitches.
This is Reverend Susie the Floozy in Atlanta, WREK, where we were just helping out.
You can get free information.
If you know what I mean.
But let's go back and listen, tapping in occasionally from now to 5 a.m. on Susie the Floozy's show.
P.O. Box 1.
4.
1.
1.
1.







1.

1.
1.
1.


1.






1.
1.
1.





1.

1.
1.
2.
4.
Eventually, the truth about history is so corrupted, it doesn't even bear the slightest
resemblance to what really happened.
Chief amongst the conspiracy lies is the revisionist claims that the normals seized control of
the planet from the subgenies.
Like most history, this is just another fabrication written by victors who, ashamed of the real
facts, try to cover up their shortcomings by doing what they do best, deceive.
Yes, my friends, the truth of the matter is that the normals did not fight for the
power they now possess.
We did.
We were the ones who fought and ultimately gave them the very control they lord over
us today.
Oh, it's hard to believe now because things are so different, but back in the old days,
we had it so good, we kind of felt guilty about it.
We'd look out across the planet admiring the beautiful landscape and architecture, and
we'd smile.
Oh, my.
That is, until the pink eyesore of humanity came into view.
The squatters camps and shanty towns of humans always polluted the outskirts of our paradise.
Call it misguided compassion or just outright pity, but we couldn't look at those pitiful
pinks without feeling partially responsible.
And that, dear friends, was the beginning of the end.
For there were those among us who spoke out in behalf of the normals and said we should
share.
Our leaders and future prognosticators warned us of the consequences if we were to make
such a mistake.
Beware, they warned.
Do not let the bumbling ways of the normals fool you.
They may have inferior balls and brains, but they can still reproduce.
Nay, their stupidity in matters as simple as birth control could create a population explosion
that will drown us in a pink sea of mediocrity.
But alas, we did not heed their warnings.
In fact, we laughed at the threat.
For humans were so few it seemed ridiculous.
They were, after all, our own creations.
Grotesque monstrosities developed in our labs to see if the subgenius gene could graph onto
that of a chimp.
Unfortunately, we succeeded, and in so doing, we failed.
For the results were so hideous and condemned by all in the medical establishment that further
research and experiments in this area were forever banned.
Yet our compassion prevented us from destroying what few normals had already hatched.
Eventually, this terrible, well-meaning mistake was followed by the ultimate blunder of our
race.
The one unpardonable sin that we pay for now more than ever before.
We granted the normals the vote.
Yes, we handed them the very weapon they've used on us ever since.
And the decline came fast and furious.
Now we have not only exchanged place with our inferiors as disenfranchised minorities,
suffering the same indignation as we did in the past, but we have also been forced to
suffer more.
We have not only been forced to suffer more, but we have suffered more.


For we know full well we are the victims of our own generosity.
Convinced by a few short-sighted liberals, we not only freed our Frankenstein from its
chains, but we allowed it to chain us.
And yet, these same monsters won't even give us credit for creating them, let alone providing
every accomplishment and privilege they now possess.
No, sir, they deny the truth and offer lies instead.
We took what we got, they scream.
It was the courage of our forefathers that forced yours to submit.
You didn't have the guts to fight us.
Ha!
What a joke.
Some genies have more guts hanging out their hemorrhoids than pinks have tucked in their
soft fat tummies.
We had the power to wipe the normals off the face of the earth, but we felt pity for them
instead.
And see what it got us.
Nothing.
Nothing but grief.
Well, we're not going to make that mistake again.
Our compassion and patience have both worn thin.
You and your uppity-milted pinko attitude are really beginning to irritate us.
We deal with it every time we see you on TV, or wait your table, or listen to your customer
complaints.
We tolerate it every time you jab your finger in our chest and say, well, let me tell you
something, or you don't know who you're talking to.
But enough is enough.
Now we're going to tell you something.
We brought you into this world, and we can take you out of it.
Only this time, we're not going to let you go.

We're going to make you feel sorry for you when you suffer.
Because you had your chance, and you blew it.
You proved to us that living amongst your kind is simply not feasible.
The lowest common denominator is too low a standard to bear, and too high a price to
pay.
If you had just said once, just once, gee, thanks for sharing your civilization with
us.
You didn't have to, but we're glad you did.
Then maybe, maybe we could have forgiven you.
But instead, you resigned.
You rounding back your Meanwhile moment.
If you envy your history, you ideological tan ties, you
black domineering form, you
victim yourself for beingwide eliminated, you
也是.
He vaporizes/.
It mensuers against your creativity.

We are part of your civilization.
You are, for us.
Let go of our consciences.
option except termination of the entire experiment. We must do today what we should have done long ago,
start over at square one. If only we had put humanity out of its misery in the first place,
we could have avoided a lot of unnecessary pain and suffering. But at least this way,
we have one thing to show for it. A hundred years from now, when we're teaching our children the
real history of the world, and they look up with their sad little faces and droopy eyes and say,
gee, did you have to destroy them all? Was it really necessary? We'll be able to look them
straight in the eye and respond without any hesitation, yes, we did, because the alternative
was too unbearable. Hearing us, the word of Bob, please, Bob. Amen.
you
