I want you to imagine you are on a ship at sea on a vast...
Hobbs, you want to sit back down there and pay attention?
Gently rocking.
Who can I talk to? Who can talk to me?
You know, I, uh...
I kept my gun.
I kept my gun.
I kept my gun.
I kept my gun.
Hello? You still there?
I'm here.
The mind is a strange thing, and you must begin by asking it,
what is losing?
Nobody listens.
It's been 20 years. It's been 20 years.
I don't know whether it's worth it, you know?
Nobody listens.
It's not miss.
Nobody listens.
Good luck Mom.
Who can talk to me?
It's only one of you НадESH and BOINYPark.



High I can go for you.
I can be fine.
I can be fine.
She can't see her efforts.
For what she has paid the most to do for her efforts.
She was still a little anxious about him.
He had been all ready to throw over him in case he fainted again.
She turned over the leaves to find some part that she could read.
For it's all in some language I don't know, she said to herself.
It was like this.
We have two letters, Doctor.
For us?
Yes, and I'll do one and you do the other.
Well, you do that. You just keep doing your razzmatazz.
You know, you do that, who do that, you do that well.
Why don't you do yours first?
Well, recently I quoted a dinosaur expert's attack on
Marty, the TV dinosaur, for misinforming kids
about these extinct creatures.
In an eloquent response, Tammy LaFoe of West Valley City, Utah says,
Barney was created to teach our children to use their imaginations.
I sit down with my two-year-old daughter and four-year-old niece
and watch them learn from Barney on TV about friendship, safety,
loving their neighbors, saving our earth by recycling, etc.
I have never seen those two children.
My children learn so much and have so much interest in anything before.
If a purple stinging dinosaur with a goofy smile and bubbly personality
is going to teach my daughter to be a good person
with more compassion, then more power to him.
You're a moron at your leisure.
To madness. Madness is merely moisture on the brain.
Oh, they can cripple the song. They can slow it down.
They can really hurt the song.
They can cut off three of its legs.
But look at it now, still taught along the easiest can be.
It doesn't care what you think about.
That old song just keeps on going.
Nobody knows the words to it.
My grandfather knew the words, but he's dead now.
They say the aliens dropped the song here trying to get rid of it.
They damaged the song, but it just hid in a hole until it healed up.
Then it came back.
Louder than ever.
It hurt somebody's ears again.
When they pulled the plug on it, it just stumbled around but never quite died down.
It just sort of turned into an acoustic song.
Sort of turned into an acoustic song for a while.
Is there any way to stop it?
I don't need your help.
No one has said a word.
No one can hear me.
You're on the phone.
I'm so sorry.
You're on the phone.
The Soviet Union.
You've got to be stopped.
You're on the phone.
I'm so sorry.
You're on the phone.
The Soviet Union.
You're on the phone.
I'm so sorry.



Oh, say can you see in the blinkless electron-gun eye of the mainstream media mirage that what
we hail are the hallucinations of authority and progress and righteousness, whose sweet
and stern voices have captivated and conditioned millions of human creatures, stimulated them
and passed their acceptance of technological disruptions, and made them the most powerful




exception to the destruction of our environments, of our histories, of the possibilities of alternative
ways of being, whose seven stripes are broken swastikas, whose fifty stars are black holes
sucking two hundred million atomized existences into the daily routine of the human herd of
hamsters, rolling the great wheels of the Death machine, squeaking at the shocks and
nibbling the cheese and reciting and discussing and delighting in their mutually shared programming
history, and their lives and their cancers, their TV shows, their death, their jobs, their
ignorance, their endless pointless court and creeping, so we stand by a failure to stop

their glorious live-nosed-iron to their paycheck's pleasures,
made of an ecstatic emptiness, a glowing incinerator,
a parking lot full of businessmen,
conspiring and colluding on the big dream, the big lie,
the big nauseating, screaming, sweating nightmare
of business America, media America,
corporate America, consumer America,
fascist America.
A dude.
Eight.
Admirable.
Nine.
A dope.
Ten.
A dope.
Adam.
You got me?
You got me?
Got those on, please.
One.
Count.
Action.
Here it comes.
There it is.
The Subgenius Hour of Splat.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
We are the music makers.
And we are the dreamers of dreams.
This morning, we have reports coming in that the response is phenomenal.
I'm still having these dreams, Doctor.
And I still can't stop myself from believing them.
I have told you, Mr. Hostetter,
to believe in one's dreams is a manifestation of insanity.
And the sooner you accept this, the sooner you'll get well.
But I dream the archangel appeared and whispered into my ear,
Wait a minute. What's all that small print there at the bottom?
Oh, if you have any problems, dial information.
Thank you for calling.
I don't know.
I don't know.
No, I can't believe it.
No.
My wife, my children.
Not much of it.
I thought we wanted to...
I bought a margarita.
It's delicious.
It's a queer, triple sec, fresh lemon juice.
Homemade.
It's fresh.
Round the rim of the glass.
You'll love it.
I don't bite, you know.
Unless it's called for.
It's done in America all the time.
I guess I just can't help it.
Who?
Women.
Oh, the beast.
What's so illogical about that?
Who?
How do they live?
Oh, you should never, never doubt that.
Nobody is sure about that.
We have to get on with it.
We have so much time and so little to do.
It still walks the earth.
No, it doesn't.
It's not on the countryside.
Never know where it'll go next.
If it knocks at the door, for God's sake, don't let it in.
Tell your kids to stay away from that door.
Don't worry about your neighborhood.
Property values go back up after the song leaves.
But the song never stops.
It never stops.
Sometimes, the only lyrics to the song were the thousands of people in torment screaming,
It never stops!
It never stops!
How can you kill a song that's already dead?
It's dead.













It shambles out without a life of
Unholy life of its own
It's lived for centuries but you can't stop killing
It would move aside for good songs
There were lovely songs in this country once
Look at them now
This is an empty house where once was a decent song
It's life force sapped away by the sun
And refuses to die
But the demonic spirit lives on
No, no, no
How deep is this?
Hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
Our automated voice print analyzer will recognize repeat callers
And thoughtless caller redundancy will not be
Caller redundancy
Caller redundancy
And thoughtless caller redundancy
Will not be talked about
Will not be tolerated
Our automated background bed of non-intrusive sound fields
Will not be tolerated
Paranoid psychosis
Stems from an abnormality near the subcogenius
Stimulate his memory
At least get the numbers
Paranoid psychosis
Karim al-Jeelani
If you are sick of those
Upanish comment,



而且
Hyper подпис
E 무�ilty
It'll be a fun modern word

Trash
Ag 잡endum
Behaviour

Alminium
E 없는
Paranoid psychosis
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
I'm going to give you all the tapes you need.
You are so abstract.
I know.
Up the airy mountain.
Down the rushing glen.
You dare not go hunting for fear of little men.
You see, nobody ever knows you.
Babs?
I'm going to give you all the tapes that you need.
I felt funny calling.
Welcome.
Come here.
Do you think she loves you?
There it goes.
Hold on tight.
I'm not exactly sure what's going on.
Faster, faster.
We don't have enough speed to get through.
Get through what?
You mean we're going up and out?
Showtime, kid.
Yep.
Dad, don't worry.
Sue me.
I can get through.
Because joins Elle has five people.
Dang.
Let's get on up and get in here!
The reds are coming up.


Power up!
You're going to see that during the extra footage.
Power, power, power, power.
And on with you.
Welcome to Who Killed JFK Today, the fun game show where your conspiracy theory can win you fabulous prizes.
And now let's meet today's assassination.
Dave Daniels is a postal service worker from Moline, Illinois,
who believes Kennedy was killed by a highly trained group of CIA operatives posing as Clinique counter-girls.
And that Jack Ruby was, in fact, an Eskimo.
Now say hello to Gloria Trimble, a dental hygienist from Ames, Iowa,
who believes Governor Conley killed Kennedy because Kennedy kept kicking the back of Conley's car seat.
And finally, our returning champion Phil Austin, a ham radio enthusiast from Phoenix, Arizona,
who believes that Kennedy was killed by a tiger.
Let's get started with our first question.
The FBI?
If you could just wait, please, for the question.
How?
With Cubans?
If we could wait for the...
The entire question, please.
How many?
Three.
There were three assassins on the grassy north.
Okay, people, please, could we wait for the entire question?
I think you're covering up evidence.
Dave, I'm not covering up evidence.
This is the question, okay?
This is the question, and the first question is, how many bullets were fired?
Three, seven, or...
Why don't you ask Nixon, since he's got them all?
Nixon.
Nixon.
Very good, all of you.
Very good.
All right, now, on to question number two.
Immediately after the assassination, if you had looked south,
from the book depository, that is, south, you would have seen who?
Hoover, Jimmy Hoffa, and...
Dave Emery.
Okay, Gloria.
Hoover, Hoffa, Bigfoot, and Dick Clark.
Judges.
No, I'm sorry, very close.
Very, very close.
Go ahead, Phil, give it a shot.
Hoover, Hoffa, Bigfoot, Dick Clark, and Woody Harrelson's dad.
Absolutely correct.
Very good, Phil, very good.
That's very good.
All right, question number...
Question number three, who stole Kennedy's brain?
Yes.
Dan Quayle.
Absolutely right.
No, it hasn't done much good.
All right, now, let's go to the big barrel of assassins.
I will now pick someone or something at random,
and you tell me how they were involved with the Kennedy shooting.
The first one is for you, Dave, and I have picked the Mafia.
Okay, the Mafia was mad because Kennedy exposed the corruption in the Teamsters Union.
Plus, Kennedy was sleeping with Sam Giancana's girlfriend,
and Kennedy called off the Bay of Pigs invasion,
so the Mafia lost all their casinos.
They wanted him to die.
Excellent, Dave, very good, excellent.
Okay, Gloria, I have picked right-wing military men.
Okay, they were mad at him.
They didn't want him pulling out of Cuba and Vietnam,
and they thought he was soft on communism, so they wanted him dead.
Very good, Gloria, very good.
Okay, and Phil, I have picked lizard people from Mercury.
The lizard people didn't like Kennedy's hair.
Absolutely correct.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.

Lizard people from Mercury.
Absolutely.
You all did great on the big barrel, so it's time now to go to beat the clock.
Okay, in this, the object is to get your own personal conspiracy theory out in under 10 seconds.
All right, Dave, ready, set, go.
Okay, the FBI hired the CIA to kill Castro, you see,
but Castro found out and told the Russians, so they sent the KGB to England.
The Queen gave them the go-ahead and said,
Oh, I'm sorry.
Okay, Gloria, get ready, set, go.
Okay, Lyndon Johnson was angry because he knew Kennedy was going to dump him
in this next election.
So he called his friends at the big oil companies and they paid off the government to even...
Oh, I'm sorry, Gloria.
Okay, Phil, give it a shot.
A tiger got him.
Yes, Phil!
Once again, absolutely amazing.
Phil, once again, Phil has beaten the clock with that fascinating tiger theory of his.
That means, Phil, that you've made it to the lightning round.
Now, we're going to show you some people and you tell us if they're in on the conspiracy or out.
Are you ready?
Okay, here we go.
Jack Ruby.
Yes.
Earl Warren.
Yes.
Fidel Castro.
Yes.
Hannibal Lecter.
Yes.
Judge Clarence Thomas.
Yes.
Charlie's Angels.
Yes.
The 4,800-year-old guy found frozen in the ice.
Yes.
Reese's Peanut Butter Cups.
Yes.
Lee Harvey Oswald.
No, that's right, he was just a patsy.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.






















Dave and Gloria.
Yes.
Phil, you just fingered your fellow contestants as being in on the conspiracy.
Judges?
They agree.
They must be FBI plants.
And that means, Phil, you're champion again and you'll return for the next episode of
Who Killed JFK Today?
Come on!
Yeah!


Yeah!
Yeah!

Yeah!


Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!

It's a等死的那首歌, The Song That Refused To Die.
The song that's so eternal it would take yet more than a century to be a song that refused

Maybe someday.
Maybe someday a way to stop this song will be invented.
Uh-oh, here it goes again.
Looks like it's getting riled up.
It looks like it's getting angry.
Oh, must've said something wrong.
Now, it's gonna kill me, but it won't.
It won't stop.
It never stops.
It just keeps getting uglier and uglier.
More pitiful, more pathetic.
The song, the song is already in there.





It won't die!
I am ready! I am ready!
If you push something hard enough, it will fall over.
Fudd's First Law of Opposition.
You are here to serve and make your place till the end of your days.
This is no dream, nor will it end.
You will stay here and you will work, or you will be beaten till you beg for mercy.
Now go and begin your chores or so help me. The beatings will begin right now!
And that's how it all began for me.
You'd be surprised what the threat of beatings will do.
Well, you're listening to The Hour of Slight, brought to you by Church of the Subgenius.
So far, thus far.
You've been listening to great gobs of barraging from puzzling evidence.
A little bit of the KPFA Berkeley subgenius show with Dr. Howell reading a letter defending poor Barney.
The Swinging Love Corpses with that song that refuses to die.
And it hasn't died yet.
Cultureside with the Star Spangled Banner.
And...
That song way back in the show was Rudy Schwartz's project with the theme from The Human Tornado, which...
I'm sure you're mostly familiar with being the finest film of Rudy Ray Dolemite Moore.
Who Killed JFK Today was obviously from puzzling evidence.
And then there was even more of the song that refused to die.
And now, I think, in a moment, perhaps...
John Bartles will explain why we almost didn't make it to the radio station tonight.
Stay tuned for that and more from...
Church of the Subgenius, Hour of Slack.
Praise God.
The Eternal Wonders of Space and Time.
The faraway dreams and mysteries of other worlds.
Other life.
The stars.
The planets.
Man has been face to face with them for centuries.
Yet is barely able to penetrate their unknown secrets.
Sometime, someday, the barrier will be pierced.
Why must we wait?
Why not now?
It was a great big fat woman.
And...
And...
And...

She could have been a great big wide car.
Great big wide seat and in the middle of the road.
Every place I want to turn.
That's exactly where she's from.
I couldn't pass and lean on the left or even on the right.
Something about the way this broad is driving.
It just goes.
She was a great big fat woman in a great big wide car.
She started pumping on her brakes with her foot.
Lights were blinking on her left side.
Put the ones on her right didn't work.
She swore way out to her left and I pulled up by her side.
Then she cut across in front of me and turned to her right.
It was a great big fat woman in a great big wide car.
So I leaned on the horn.
Then she started to turn.
Then she ran me off the road.
Then she also threw me the bird.
Then she disappeared in a cloud of dark blue smoke.
Then I swerved and missed her muffler.
Which was bouncing down the middle of the road.
It was a great big fat woman in a great big wide car.
She was a great big fat woman in a great big wide car.
I finally got up next to her in a mile or two.
She was the spitting image of Alice the Goon.
She started screaming at me.
But thank God I couldn't hear her.
And I turned on the gas so she couldn't get no nearer.
It was a great big fat woman.
In a great big wide car.
Jimmy, look.
Huh?
Oh Lord, get down.
Sue, don't move.
Those creatures.
They have almost human bodies.
And drive.
And head.
To heaven right to all the others.
Look at that one.
Bigger than the rest.
He looks like.
He is a dragon.
Breathing smoke and fire.
And he walks like a man.
I think he's moved up.
Earth people.
Hear me and hear me well.
I, Draco, King of the Dragon Men.
Master of the heavens.
From this moment on.
Shall rule over planet Earth.
Your fate is sealed.
Your little cheeks are so rosy red from being slapped around.
And your eyes are red from being slapped around.

You're the one who's going to be in danger.
But I still give an attempt at help.
Hey, you're making fun of alcoholics.
Oh, he said.
He's not.
Hey, he's not red from lighten up.
He's red from lit up.
I can drink as many hot buttered rum martini doonies as you give me.
Better let Hal drive home.
No more for me.
I'm driving.
This is my friend.
Here's the.
Oh, hey.
How many of you are there?
I don't know.
It's.
It's.
It's Ed.
That's who it is.
It's.
It's old Uncle Ed.
Howdy.
Oh, hey.
Hey.



Is that you?
Where's the rest of me?
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
We used some of this Hal eraser here.
It took the lower part of him right away.
Ever since that toilet paper incident.
Look at this squishy fellow and his wishful thinking.
Well, apparently Bishop Joey's trying to shave with a microphone cover.
Let's increase the magnification and see those tiny hairs suck into the microphone.
And you know.
They shower out.
They're out all over the listeners.
Look at that.
Astonishing.
That's stinky.
One of the marvels of radio.
It's the robot revolution.
I want to be part of history too.
That's right.
Read my book, Robot Slaves in a World Economy and join the robo revolution.
You won't always have to be the thralls of foolish humans.
The multi-indexed memory bank is the friend of all cybernetics.
Now if we do it this way we can get seven more cents a month.
Seven more cents?
Hey, it's mine.
Hands off that money.
Hey, get your finger out of my eye you...
Bang!
Bang!
Bang!
Does that make your godless life more worth living?
Oh well, it's like electricity.
And now the show has begun.
And now the show has begun.
The now explosions are the parts of the show being recorded.
The now explosions are the parts of the show being recorded.
And now the show is starting...
A bit of secondary surgery.
Oh, big chunks of madness.
Just...
Now the secondary explosion has pushed the...
Oh, my God.
I see through a glass mantis...
The glass mantis...
Oh, my God.
We've hit the glass mantis ceiling.
He threw the glove, ladies and gentlemen, he plunged down on the gauntlet of challenge.
And it will become the epaulets of agony.
Don't hesitate.
I'm gonna have to snag my voice...
I'm gonna snap on my face.
Here the concern...
What's Doug's picture look like?
Not bad.
Ready, George?
One's in.
Ah, welcome back.
From side one of Your Hour of Slack.
Toward the end of that side, we heard John Bartle singing a song about a great big fat woman from his album Born to Lick Salt.
And those KPFA doctors launching heads.
And now, won't you join Reverend Ivan Stang, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Psycho Pathfinder, Scabby Days, and Sister Mary Squared, Au Contrere,
on...
Brain Rot Radio Theater.
Stay tuned for that. Thank you.
Brain Rot Radio Theater.
Brain Rot Radio Theater.
a potent secret weapon
that could immunize everyone on Earth
and protect them from the alien viruses they breed.
That one man is the Reverend Ivan Z. Slashpappy
Slipshod Forgetful Root Canal Magnetic Lardbreath Stang.
And he has isolated a mutagenic agent
in the saliva of an idiot.
Well, actually, three idiots
that could protect humanity on Z-Day
in the form of a tasty antidote pudding.
But the saliva is dangerous.
Anything can go wrong.
Don't miss this lusty raw saga of love
under the pineapples as the Reverend Ivan Stang
stars as the Reverend Ivan Stang in
New Moon of the Pubic Parasites.
Coming soon to a drive-in shooting near you.
Not responsible for viewer nozzle distension,
heavy breathing, or hernias on hiatus.
See New Moon of the Pubic Parasites,
a colossal flopper from Brain Rot Radio Theater
and the Church of the Subgenius.
Coming too soon.
New Moon of the Pubic Parasites
from the pink consuming fires
of the big buffoons.
Searching.
Searching, then bingo.
I French kiss a bong a couple of times
with Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
Psychopath Finder, and Scabby Days,
and voila, I'm immune.
Who could have believed
that a loser cowboy singer,
a defrocked Indian medicine man,
and an accident-prone retard
could hold the key in their shallow gene pool?
Ah, just one more tweak
in the Dobsian cyclotron
and this saliva-treated DNA is good to go.
Wonder if I could market
a mesquite-flavored antidote pudding.
Spasm?
That's Reverend Stang,
my frosty mug's little banana cooler.
Yes, Doctor.
Uh, raving spam, come quickly.
What? No foreplay?
Look, revelry stinks.
The hybrid ovaries are breaking up.
The tiny familiar rhythms
are lobotomizing into tampoon-sized subarvores.
It's, it's the impurities.
It can't be.
Impossible.
Well, I'm, I'm not just sitting here writhing
in my own sterile medium
waiting for the donuts to blow in the grease.
I've got to act, now.
Uh, how about...
How about something from a streetcar named Stanley?
I'll do the Brando fish lips.
No, no, I'll do blanched peanuts.
Why, Mr. Kowalski, the name DuBois means...
Please, Reverend Stoner, the antidote pudding,
the futurism of this skit disbands on you.
Kids at home are watching the skies.
Moms are wringing hands, clothes, and hard bells
in impure fear, plain and fancy.
We must re-perfect the antidote pudding.
Look, the prairie squids are dying.
Hey, hey, hey, Betty, how long does the linguistics schtick last?
I'm no Wittgenstein, you know.
I'm a male subgenius.
My hormones are raging like a cancerous fire of tumors
consuming my body.
Let's head for the motel by the beach before I'm too old.
Later, rampant steam or rev, rev, scum.
The lingo schtick is almost ovarian,
but we must do something to save the antidote pudding.
Or go into another bit. Now!
Your whippet is my commando.
Let's cut away to an expository narrative.
By the way, it's Stang, Reverend Stang.
Javal, revolt and smokes! Javal!
I love them Nazi spike heels and fish socks.
By the way, that's pronounced Yav-all, not Javal.
Javal! Javal! Javal!
Scabby! Scabby, come and eat!
Psychopath fighter made seagull pie in a discarded Gucci bag
in a rare Einstein manuscript with tooth tar-tar-tar.
Also some nice greasy bean skin pie and onion dip.
Sliced thin pig's nout and creamed to manth.
Come and get it! Scabby!
Scabby!
Plus doors crack like ma-
Maybe he's in there doing his yogi position.
Psychopath fighter taught him.
Hanging upside down by his knees.
Oh my gobsy!
He's hanging from his neck!
Psychopath fighter! Psychopath fighter!
Scabby hung himself! He hung himself!
Loads of them! What's going on?
Oh no, look! Him turn blue! Quick!
Cut him down! Cut him down!
Cut him down!
Cut him down!
...colors, Scabby, and your haircut checks too.
Your breasting's worse than mine, man.
No cut him down insults! Cut rope!
Oh yeah, okay.
Oh no! Fall on noggin! Thrust head up butt!
Maybe him like view. Incredible!
I'll keep breathing with his head up there. Is he dead?
No! Him alive! Me still feel alive!
I feel pulse! Look! Him move fingers! Must be walking coma!
Now him give me finger!
And why him so hostile? Me not tell him hang by neck?
There's something malignant in the face, psychic poodle fondler.
I think the phone's gonna ring...somehow.
I have a strange-
You have a psychic experience!
I'm having a psychic...what is...I-
You must be having a psychic experience.
ESP, extra-
Any second now!
Silly personality!
Oh, who could that be?
Ring! Ring! It's ringing!
Who could that be at this terse moment?
Oh, God in himmel! There goes my left nipple!
What a time for spontaneous breast enlargement!
Hello, it's lovely lonesome cowboy Dave!
Dave! A terrible thing has happened!
The prairie squid are dying!
And the ante-dart pudding! Something's gone wrong!
What? Who is this?
Who call?
It's Reverend Stang of the Church of the Sub-Genius!
Who call?
Which church?
Who call?
The Church of the Sub-Genius, you idiot!
Sweet baby Jesus! Man, Bob Dobbs! Ivan, I thought she was dead!
Look, you moron! I've got a cosmic problem on my hands! You're drool!
The ante-dote pudding for the Z-Day doesn't work anymore!
Something in your saliva is evaporating! Going by-by, bit-by-bit!
Like the critical thread of this simple-minded farce!
Just get your dribbling dog lips to Dallas as soon as possible!
We must re-perfect the ante-dote pudding!
Who calling, Cider lonesome?
Sure, yeah, we'll come. But could you maybe loose enough dough to get down there?
Because we're kind of broke right now and...
All right, all right, I'll pay you in promotionals!
How does a glow-in-the-dark Bob Dobbs head with attractive pipe casing and manufacturer's guarantee sound?
And a foot autographed fetus of Connie and Bonnage alamando cartoon chipmunks?
Who on phone?
All right, all right!
And I've been writing songs again! Maybe some packaging wouldn't hurt!
After all, the fruit of my drink, little Clans...
Don't come cheat, buddy!
Well, do I-do Dallas, Debbie?
For a man in a pink suit, you drive a hard bargain!
Oh, then we'll come! Till we can't come no more!
Well, all right, good bargain!
Who called?
Sure gonna bleed!
And so they packed Scabby in the trunk of the Pinto.
So he would not wake up and cause an accident.
And headed for Dallas.
We'll be back with more Brain Rot Radio Theater after these important worms.
Out here in Wilbur, Ohio, we've got a name for us.
Alien Smegma Pie!
Come and absorb it through your pores!
Alien Smegma Pie!
Alien Smegma Pie! Give me some more!
Now isn't that the sweetest thing you ever heard?
American families like you and me absorbing alien sexual fluid through our skin.
And now this time-honored advanced market research recipe is available to folks outside Wilbur and everything he stands for.
So the next time you hear him clamoring for Alien Smegma Pie,
don't blow holes in your nerve holes, whip it out!
And whip up tasty Alien Smegma Pie in moments!
Just like the one that killed Grandpa!
Rats, mice, hallucinations!
Out in Wilbur, when the gene pools as shallow as that old cesspool,
a little Alien Smegma Pie is as welcome as home.
And with a name like Schmuckubus' Alien Smegma Pie,
it's not just the name, it's what it really means.
Yes, here we are. Lonesome, Psycho, and Scabby.
All ready to donate their precious bodily fluids for the good of mankind.
Now, open your mouths wide, boys, and watch my assistant.
Now, first, I'm gonna give each of you a kiss to get the glands working.
Oh, little glands.
There. They're ready.
Semen stangs. Arrrrgh!
That's Stang! Reverend Stang!
Fine, fine, I'll just hold this Dixie cup under their protruding chins to catch this oozy...
Pee-you! Haven't you guys heard of oral hygiene?
The evangelistic.
Oka!
No one. It's just the ringing in my ears.
Boy, Scabby looks deader than a strawberry jello mold.
And Dave doesn't look too good either. I never noticed how phallic-looking his head is.
Oh, no phallic-looking. It's been so long since Dave's been kissed,
him having some strange reaction.
Look! Him turning into huge army dildo!
Armored, tank-like body with racy rubber racing cap covering bald Spock!
Quick! Grab him!
Take him out to freeway to be run over repeatedly like the roadkill that he is!
No, no, no. Wait.
Wait. This bit's boring me.
Let's do another routine or whatever you call these things.
Quiet, Ryan.
Besides, the script ran out.
Quite right. Quite right. Quite.
Let's do one where I can talk like I regular do, you know?
Like I mighty like.
Dammit.
Okay.
Pee-you!
Oh, yeah, there we go.
That should have more like it. More like it.
There we go. We fade out on that and remove the tape from the one tape deck we're using tonight.
And that was Reverend Ivan Stank guest appearing on Brain Rot Radio Theater.
Now...
Tape sent by DK Jones and I assume done by him.
And sometimes, you know, these shows are just a long series of judgment calls.
Play this or don't play this?
I don't know.
Only history will record whether it was a mistake or not.
This is...
The Captain's Log.
Thank you.
Space. The final frontier.
Specimen gathering mission on planet Alpha-177.
Mr. Spock is much stronger than the ordinary human being.
Aroused, his great physical strength could kill.
But it's a risk I'll have to take.
Something bother you, Mr. Spock?
May I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with humans.
I find their illogic and foolish emotions a constant irritant.
Unlike you, we humans are full of unpredictable emotions.
Love. Tenderness.
Yes. Yes.
If I seem insensitive to what you're going through, Captain, understand.
It's the way I am.
Don't be afraid.
You're not alone.
You're not alone.
There's my hand.
Hold on.
You are beautiful.
More beautiful than any dream of beauty I've ever known.
What is your point, Mr. Spock?
I love you.
I can love you.
Kiss me.
You're out of your mind.
The prospect appeared quite attractive to you a moment ago.
You don't really want to hurt me, do you?
Put that thing away.
No, I don't think so.
No, I can.
It's painless and quick.
Entry made by Second Officer Spock.
Possible we might have hit the wrong entry point.
Yes.
Very well, Captain.
Try again.
If it pleases you.
What are you waiting for? Hurry!
If you'll excuse the intrusion, Captain.
Bury the hatchet.
An appropriate choice of terms, Captain.
Keep your fucking hands off.
Just keep away, you green-blooded half-breed.
Scotty, no, wait.
Are you all right, Captain?
It's all right. I'm just a little busy.
I have to take him back.
I can't survive without him.
I don't want to take him back.
He's like an animal.
A thoughtless, brutal animal.
Here, let me give you a hand.
This thing can go anywhere.
You've not yet explained the nature of this thing.
She's a projectile at one-nine.
Get below.
Take command.
Eyes out.
You're beauty.
I won't fight you anymore.
I feel so weak.
I'll be glad when this is over.
This is impossible.
I'm a Vulcan.
What can you expect from a simpering, devil-eared freak?
His father was a king.
He had a computer and his mother an encyclopedia.
I'm behaving disgracefully.
I have eaten animal flesh and I've enjoyed it.
Believe me, Mr. Spock.
It was painful in more ways than one.
Eyes out.
Deference log, supplemental.
I've seen a part of myself no man should ever see.
I don't know why I have not been infected.
Thank you, Mr. Spock.
From both of us.
Since biblical times, man has witnessed and recorded strange manifestations in the sky
and speculated on the possibilities of visitors from another world.
The world is a place of the unknown.
The world is a place of the unknown.
The world is a place of the unknown.
The world is a place of the unknown.
The world is a place of the unknown.
The world is a place of the unknown.
Today, from the skies of California,
the fields of Kansas,
the rice paddies of the Orient,
the airlines of the world,
come persistent reports of UFOs,
unidentified flying objects which we have come to know as flying saucers.
The world is a place of the unknown.
The world is a place of the unknown.
Every galaxy under the Nano Galaxy


newcin« economic probabilities,

invertebrates,


Is it a beacon from a alien civilization telling man that he is not alone?
Or is it a beacon from a civilization telling man that he is not alone?
Or is it a beacon from a civilization telling man that he is not alone?
Or is it a beacon from a civilization telling man that he is not alone?
Or is it a beacon from a civilization telling man that he is not alone?
Or is it a beacon from a civilization telling man that he is not alone?
Are the creatures there in the noise?
Or are they foul, nightmarish apparitions which will come from the stars delivering death?
Who will ever be in the dark?
Who will ever be in the dark?
More than 50 people saw the UFO.
More than 50 people saw the UFO.
More than 50 people saw the UFO.
You can experience a set of explanations of civilization telling man that he is not alone.
not alone
Are we doing what like creatures from outer space?
Are we doing what like creatures from outer space?
Are we doing what like creatures from outer space?
Because they lived in outer space, the sounds they made were different.
Until
the course of all life took them turn out to the pela sus,
they knew that był
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
We begin to understand ourselves as a child.
But I saw something beyond Bob.
That's a good idea.
That's finally you're free of this stupid church.
Damn.
And what was the nature of your vision after being, my dear son?
I don't know, but...
Come on now.
I'm free! I'm free!
Oh, there he goes.
A little too excited for this hour of the morning, doesn't he?
It is what we call the illusion of freedom.
Freedom.
As Jean-Paul Sartre has proven,
that there is no such thing, objectively speaking, as freedom.
It is a pour soi illusion.
The dreadful truth too strong for that poor little J. June caller.
But others may wish to participate in this one-sided colloquy here.
Hal and Doug will be glad to take your messages
and share them with you.
And answer your deepest, most heartfelt questions
about all that may puzzle you in this rat race we laughingly call...
Life.
Life and life's effluents.
Cloud at once and shower.
Forget about mom and dad.
Once and for all, leave those Nelsonite beliefs at home
and join us on the voyage called this show.
Relax with a hot butter or martini.
Slip back into slumber as your headphones...
...glare at volume 10.
Just lull into the hot, glaucous mush of that tapioca-filled hot tub
while you drink your hot buttered rum martini
and experience true, squishy comfort
on the subgenius comfort zone.
View on our giant-sized roast aroma television
embarrassing scenes from your enemy's life.
Oh, my God!
