So will the first paying member of the audience please raise their hand.
Oh, well I guess we don't have to give away the automobile.
In five minutes we'll be working on the rowboat,
so be sure to have your little numbers come in the door. Thank you.
Okay, well anyone who speaks after me is going to be sneezing violently tomorrow.
Microphone that is working properly.
In the last place we...
Oh, it's a little difficult.
And we add ours.
Answer, well, here.
So just with this, and we'll start in there too.
Is this a little better? Test, test, test, test. There we go.
I think we're on the right track.
Right track to slack!
Ladies and gentlemen, please leave your sets adjusted.
We're having operating...
Operating difficulties, which has necessitated a delay in the beginning of our...
Some genius hour of slack!
Test one two.
Our time control is just about... There we go.
Now we're ready to rock and roll.
Well folks, due to massive under personnel for our crowd management control,
we're having real difficulty managing the masses.
We're going to be starting up here at 8.30, which is in about four minutes.
All you folks back there with all your money trying to purchase one of a kind tapes,
direct from the manufacturer, no middle man.
Do it now, because we're going to be shutting down there in a second.
How the hell does anyone expect me to be on cue when I don't have my...
Yell a little, you know.
I am yelling a little bit, what the problem?
There we go, there we go. Hey, hey, hey!
We're the monkeys!
Good, good, good, good, good, good, good!
Whoa, yes, thank you!
Because we are not going to stop spreading the same word of Bob across the yards of America,
spreading that manure.
We are not going to stop until everybody is a deuce-paying subgenius,
whether they believe in it or not.
Praise God!
Well, there you have it, my friends.
A somewhat traditional way of celebrating Easter on The Downey Show.
We are joined by the Reverend Stang.
Reverend, would you introduce yourself to an anxious audience
bound to kneel at your feet in prayerful attitude today for the gratitude of having you with us?
Well, either that or they're bound for hell just for listening.
Amazing Grace
How sweet the earth
That formed a witch like me
I once was burnt
But now I've survived
Was hanged
But now I see
T'was grace that drew down the moon
And grace that raised the sea
And grace that raised the sea
The magic of the people's will
Will set our mother free
Tonight we're going to try to start off Bob's.
Bob's Five-Year Plan
The Five-Year Plan
Because the next five years are the only ones that count
Between now and X-Day, when the men from Planet X arrive.
And during that time we have got to generate more hate, more money, and most of all, more slack!
Yeah!
Oh, excuse me.
Well, that's slack, same thing, in some cases.
That's not a good idea.
The curse is mightier than the sword.
So friends, I want you to open your heart, close your minds, unzip your lips.
And bend over, because here comes Bob!
Bob!
So as to authenticate, alright, the Reverend, I should say, well, J.R. Bob Dobbs, who is the deity figure of your church.
Let me give a little background on this gentleman.
And folks, you're welcome to participate if you care to.
Bob Dobbs' father was an immigrant.
And a descendant of the only Spanish Mayans.
Or Mayans, as people with an education refer to them.
Who had maintained a furtive underground existence in Spain.
Now he also ran a pharmacy.
Alright.
His partially anglicized name was, and let me see if I can pronounce this,
Giaccia Cisjian M. Dobbs.
And he apparently died in 1949 in an explosion while mixing chemicals in the back of a store.
I think it was a PCP front.
Alright.
Bob's mother, an American of Irish descent, was Jane McBride Dobbs, a relative of the Irish revolutionary hero, Arthur McBride.
Obviously Bob doesn't resemble his father in the least.
And this has given rise to Jane Dobbs' reputation as the Divine Virgin.
Wasn't that Divine Anti-Virgin?
No, I believe she was the Divine Virgin.
I mean, there is, however, no little evidence that a mysterious milkman, probably Jewish,
was the true Dobbs' dad.
We suspect now that that milkman may be the legendary figure that Santa Claus is based on.
It would make some sense.
You know, Bob Dobbs is a lot like Santa Claus.
He brings you something for nothing.
Well, not for nothing, for twenty bucks.
But you get a lot of slack.
The milkman played by Dobbs' father.
Was that Dobbs' father who was the milkman?
We suspect so.
This is all sort of embarrassing to the Dobbs family.
I don't know whether we should have brought this up.
I mean, it could be an earthquake any minute now.
Upsettingly enough, this is beginning to make sense.
Ah, yes.
Now's the time to give more to call.
R.C., go right ahead.
Hi, John, I just have a couple of questions.
Sorry to keep you waiting so long.
Oh, that's quite all right.
Did you hear the program?
Yes, I find it fascinating.
I'd like to ask him, could he tell me how this merger will affect business at my office supply store?
Will it have any major impact on it?
How it will affect a supply store?
Office supply, yes. Pencils.
And you export to Chad or to Libya?
Yes, in relation to those countries.
It would be very hard to predict whether it would have any influence at all.
I wouldn't see why it should.
Why?
I don't want you to reveal any business secrets, but do you find a big market for office products in either Chad or Libya?
Especially Chad and Libya.
Is that right?
Yes.
What kind of office products?
Usually filing cabinets. That's how they bury their dead.
Pencils, lots of pencils.
Mind if I ask my second question?
Go right ahead.
Who is this guy, Chad?
He came from a different planet. What planet are you from?
1940. This is us, though, pulling your leg down.
Burying their dead in filing cabinets.
The next voice you hear will be mine.
Unconsistent, self-validating genius of oxymorons.
The James Joyce of swing set assembly instruction manuals.
The Pee Wee Herman of politics.
The Nathaniel Turner of pacifism.
The what's-his-name of whatever the hell it is.
The Lenny Bruce of fundamentalism friends.
The Timothy Leary of Barbara Bushes.
The Papa Joe Mama of the church of the subgenius.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
I said praise Bob.
Praise Bob!
$500.
The price went down.
We had a couple more people walk in.
I don't know if they paid.
$500 each you paid to be here to bestow your presence in Bob.
You better get your $500 worth because you're paying it one way or the other.
Is this religion a joke?
Yes, it's a joke.
Make sure you tell your friends it's a joke.
Because if they knew the truth.
The sermon tonight friends is entitled X Day 1998.
Why did we make this religion a joke?
The reason?
Tell us why.
I'll tell you why you made this religion a joke.
Because that's the only way we can slip it in right underneath their noses.
Slip it in!
They can discount it as a joke.
Slip it in!
A fad.
A sci-fi concert.
Perhaps some sort of artsy fartsy faggy waggy little get off trickster religion.
Faggy waggy!
When they ask you what the church of religion, what the church of the subgenius is, the last thing you should tell them is it's about killing you, pink boy.
It's about rounding up you and your friends, your family, your relatives, your girlfriends, everyone that's a part of your life.
And supporting you and putting a bullet in their skull.
A bullet in their skull!
A bullet in their skull!
A bullet in their skull!
Bleeding head good, healed head bad.
Why is it a joke?
Because life is a joke.
And we're going to extinguish this joke.
Because we are a bad joke.
A joke where the only people that laugh at it.
Is ourselves.
And we laugh when we see them in their death throats on the ground.
Going, oh god, I thought it was a joke.
It's not so funny anymore.
Somebody help me.
Somebody put my legs on fire.
And we'll drench them with that type of liquid.
Which some call gasoline.
Some call charcoal repellent.
Some call the energy juice of Bob.
Those monks in Vietnam are going to be our martyrs.
Those folks are going to be our marshmallows.
We're going to set them on fire and eat their flesh.
We're going to eat the hell out of them.
Iballs roasted at 500 degrees Fahrenheit.
Tastes good after three minutes.
You don't know that, friends.
But it's a fact and you're going to find out.
July 5th, 1998.
Bob's word has been coming to this planet.
For hundreds of years.
Just as time control transcends time.
Bob's word transcends understanding.
One never knows how his word is going to be let loose on the public.
In 1939, on Halloween, we were bestowed with another joke.
It was nothing but a small little religious radio.
Radio drama.
People listened to it and laughed.
Some people thought it was a joke.
Allow me to share you some of that transcript which I have from declassified radio drama archives.
Let us look at Bob's prophecy and what the normals have in store for them.
Bob's word comes in many mysterious ways, not all of which are immediately recognized or divine in origin.
Indeed, just as Bob can trick the normals into not understanding what he has to say,
he can also trick us, the subgenies.
After all, we are subgenies.
This, taken straight from the transcripts.
I've thought it all out.
Right now, we're caught as we're wanted.
And an exodus only has to go a few miles to get a crowd on the run.
This is from a radio drama, friends.
A radio drama about aliens?
A radio drama about exes?
A radio drama about invasion on ex day, 1998?
Maybe it didn't say 1998.
But it was 1998.
They won't need to be doing that.
They'll begin catching them systematic-like, keeping the best in store in case of emergencies.
They haven't begun to work yet.
Yes, dear friends, it was entitled The War of the Worlds.
And we just saw it as a joke.
But for a brief moment, the entire public were scared the hell out of their skins.
They were begging God Almighty for peace.
They were begging God for forgiveness.
They were calling the police force and saying, where do I enlist?
They were asking the divine saver, be he Bob, be he Jesus, be he the Hindu God, please God Almighty, save us.
But there was no answer.
The next day, dear friends, they were told The War of the Worlds was a joke.
And they believed it.
They came so close to salvation, so close.
But they blew it.
Where does that leave you tonight, dear friends?
When you go home.
When you go home, what are you going to think?
Glory! Glory! Glory!
What is the Church of the Subgenius?
A joke.
I was there. I saw it. It was a joke.
Is that what you're going to think?
Good, because you'll be one of those bastards up against the wall.
Or, or you can change.
And you can become one of Bob's select few.
His soldiers are first.
Turn that light off!
Turn that light off!
Turn that light off!
Turn that light off!
Turn that light off!
And you can become a soldier of death, a soldier of Bob, a leader of the general massacre.
You've only got four more years.
Four more years.
Four more years.
And then we're going to kill him.
We're going to kill the hell of him.
Praise Bob!
Praise the joke.
Praise Bob!
Praise the religious fallacy.
Praise the religious parody.
And whatever you do, friends, don't tell them what the Church is all about.
Here is the word of our praise Bob.
Amen.
Draw six, six, six.
Good exercise to practice.
Draw those as much as you can.
We are going to test this guy.

to be played
I'm a hit back and I'm sad
I got a toilet full of sin
And I want to throw you in
I got a toilet full of sin
And shame and misgrudging
And death
At last I have control of your radio tubes
And I do too
Good, this is Rand Hoack
And this is Stimson J. Catt
Of the Rand and Stimpy Show
And you're listening to the Hour of Slack
On KNON
Keep listening you idiot
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Else I shall deal you
Yes!
And if somebody out there still doesn't know what Slack is
We'll put them to work out on the Slack farms
Until they remember what they lost
I'm afraid that's what tights sometimes
Gives people to understand what Slack is
There is such a thing as genetic memory
And friends, we are genetic supremacists
So we best start thinking
While we can
Time to happy up
And look at ourselves
And admit that we are an ugly nation
We are an ugly society
And friends
Sex is messy
Paste the messy sex
Any religion that doesn't acknowledge the messy sex
Is a bad religion
This is a mess
It doesn't
But in the same time guilt raises a lot more money
We want this to be the kind of church where you can feel at home
You can go home to your friends and you can say
My God, I have a gish gal who missed my life
Squeeze me till it hurts all kinds of mind
And the melding and meshing and geshing
And get your gonads going
Got my mojo and my dojo
It's time to go, go, go
Get real, Connie
Come on
Come on
Come on
Somebody shake it
Come on
Come on

Come on
I got a fire
And now ladies and germs
It is my great most humble moment
To be able to introduce to you
The man who is subgenius
Just as subgenius is he
The one and only
Jayner Hypercleef
Abruptly
A spokesman of a gorgeous high school
Please take your seat
Back up!

Ay!
Yep
It's the Big Me
Duper Senior
Does it know that he is a genius?
All right

Alright
into his lungs. As long as the heart beats in the breast of a single subgenius, we shall
continue to fight for our cause. We shall continue to fight for our movement. There
will be no peace in the land until the normal person's body hangs from every lamppost and
tree. When Bob Dobbs comes into power, heads will roll in the sand. You've got to hate
the conspiracy. You can't just hate the conspiracy. You've got to hate the wind in the trees.
You've got to hate a cure for AIDS. You've got to hate a
disease. You've got to hate a disease. You've got to hate a disease. You've got to hate a
small child being cured of muscular dystrophy and learning to walk again. You've got to
hate a blue jay chirping at dawn. We're talking about pouring rock salt and ground-up glass
into the gaping open wounds of the people we went to high school with. You've got to
become the hate. But people always laugh at me as a prophet.
But many of the people that laughed at me yesterday are not laughing quite so loudly
today. And many of the people that are still laughing at me today perhaps will not be laughing
at me quite so loudly tomorrow. When I was the skinniest person in ninth grade, many
people chose to laugh at me. However, when I attended the funerals of these same men,
I found that the air was so fresh that I could breathe. I could breathe. I could breathe.
I could breathe. I could breathe. I could breathe. I could breathe. I could breathe.

The air itself was burst by a yetisoned corral of mocking, sneering laughter. He who is very
blast laughs best. They used to push me and shove me around, but when Bob Dobbs comes
into power, I shall push and shove them around in boxcars. People used to smile at me in points,
but now they're smiling at me in points. I'm going to tell you what came to mind when I

Now is they who are smiling because their flesh is rotting back revealing the teeth of the skull. There are no frowning corpses. Yes, they are still smiling. The only difference is that now I am smiling with them.
There is a lot of hate out there. I want to see you go out and spread it. Thank you. That's a really beautiful level of hate. I hate you too.
I don't know why you can't use your smell. It's like a back-up septic tank from hell. A place where he loves blanking them up. He likes with a Bible when he takes a dump. He likes with a Bible when he takes a dump. He likes with a Bible when he takes a dump.
And there's nothing worse than spending the evening with a documentary on the love life of a squid when you know there's something better to watch.
You end up squirming in your chair in the love life of a squid.
The love life of a squid.
The love life of a squid.
You end up squirming in your chair.
You end up squirming in your chair and just trying to tough it out until bedtime.
Lay your hands on the radio. Lay your hands on the radio band at home.
I hope that I'm certainly, it is never my intention to offend anyone on this program.
Get your hands off my radio.
And on this holy day, in an effort to present all of the various religions and the religiosity that goes about this nation on a day like today, a Christian nation I might add,
I feel it's very important.
It's very important that we bless.
Bless those who have nothing.
Those who have not been anointed by favor from on high with an opportunity to know of another religion.
One which indeed can give you hope.
One indeed which if you were wrong on your deathbed, you can instantly repent as you see the light approaching at the end of that tunnel.
And then recognize it to be nothing more than a huge sin.


J.T. Wheeler bearing down on your body.
How did you know?
I feel these things.
I feel these things.
Oh, geez.
Right in my crotch.
You felt that?
God.
Let me tell you something that I hope, Reverend Stang, while I know that you as the pope of this religion are familiar with it,
Bob, who we refer to in our teachings,
Bob grew up in a church.
He grew up fighting the stigma of that Mayan dad of his.
You know, other kids made cruel fun of the, oh, God, of that slope head of full-blood Mayan area.
And though Mr. Dobbs maintained dignified silence, little Bobby, well, little Bobby got in a lot of scraps battling for his dad's honor.
And it was shortly after receiving a blow to the head during one of those fights that Bob began experiencing precognitive visions.
Oh, that's another one.
Now, I got to tell you, this troubled childhood had a telling effect on this sensitive kid, all right?
He became, thanks to the pharmacies, where as a chronic alcoholic at the age of six, oh, but that didn't affect his precocious salesmanship.
And he made his first small fortune selling stolen prophylactics and pills to high school kids.
Bob was always a salesman.
I think that was, well, that was a precocious sort of salesmanship, all right?
And this pipe-puffing, tousle-headed kid was kind of world-worn and a veteran of life by the age of seven.
Later, of course, to regain his long-lost innocence, still a child at age 40, he claims that when he gave up drinking, he lost his fortune and had to come up with a completely new sales technique to regain it.
And I guess you, as one of his so-called, as the pope of the church, could kind of be called the...
Sales manager.
There are only three concepts you need to understand, and they're all the epitome of simplicity.
Those three are Bob, slap, and the conspiracy.
The conspiracy of the normals.
And there are very few rules in this church.
Some of them were mentioned on that video.
But the most important rule of all of those is this.
Bob.
Well, if they can't take a joke, that's the only one that really counts.
And what about Mr. Just His Way?
Oh, is he just totally mean and obnoxious?
Well, that's just his way.
Well, did he just pound your face until it was coming out the backside of your head?
Well, that's just the way he is.
Did he just try to conquer the earth and exterminate it?
Did he just try to exterminate entire races?
Well, that's just the beer talking.
Well, I think that's perfectly normal.
I can accept that.
Only this is just my way.
I'm just into sprinkling my lawn with the blood of Mr. Just His Way.
I'm just into painting my kitchen with the blood of Mr. Just His Way.
Oh, I do like your kitchen.
Yes, it's Central Arkansas redneck blood.
Do you really think it's me?
Yes, it is you.
It is me.
But what are the signs of the end times?
Know ye well the signs of the end times.
Imagine seeing yourself being executed on live television while you watch the evening news.
Your children being kidnapped and tortured in the Sunday funnies.
Your entire family tortured and dismembered.
Yes.
Part of an ABC miniseries.
Know ye well the signs of the end times.
Comic book stories come to life.
Dinosaurs re-inhabit the earth.
Thousands of pipe-smoking salesmen arise, each claiming to be the real Bob.
Only one is real.
The others will send you to hell.
How will you choose?
Know ye well the signs of the end times.
Thousands of long-haired, bearded men all being crucified,
each claiming to be the real Bob.
scream
Awake, children, spent the rest of their lives as demons but content with the crime of nar Gnome the
Lehman thee
Hi, all Jams, buses, pal, peace, taxes, assistance, jezz gets me real, all I'm suffering.
Only попроб for their back.
They say you're dying for your sin.

The obituaries threaten to take over the entire newspaper, each to death, reported as more
ghastly than the last.
Dozens of alien races do battle for control of the Earth, and yet the president can't
figure out who to surrender to.
Know ye well the signs of the end times, and ignore ye not the coming and going of the
time of P.
New superweapons are released by every country on Earth with devastating consequences.
People become so mutated you're afraid to step on a spider.
It might be a distant relative.
The leaders of Earth's nations fight a war over whether or not to fight a war.
Fugitive Nazi war criminals appear.
Earth ripe for conquest, but none of the victors are sure enough to win.
They want it.
Sato Futuristics become an understatement.
Know ye well the signs of the end times.
Poisonous gas replaces oxygen as the predominant gas in our atmosphere.
Suburban guerrilla warfare goes on in American cities.
Comic book stories come to life.
You send your children out trick-or-treating, and they come back with faces more horrible
than the masks they left with.
The world is a mess.
And you can't even tell the difference.
All races are sent to internment camps, including Caucasians.
Criminals arrest cops.
Customers sell items to convenience store clerks.
Mutant giant lobsters with glow-in-the-dark brains terrorize the population.
No one's safe.
Aliens come on the radio and say that Orson Welles has landed, only this time they're
telling the truth.
They're not.
And no one believes them.
Giant insects swallow up tiny dinosaurs.
Believe you me, it all starts in 1998.
Aliens the size of laser beams.
Laser beams the size of dinosaurs.
Dinosaurs the size of entire cities.
The American president becomes little more than a puppet for alien conquerors, who then
enact a ghastly punch-in-judi show.


To the horror of the American people.
All rights in question.
Even breathing is regulated by government agencies, claiming you can only inhale on
certain days and exhale on others.
As if there was an atmosphere left to breathe at all.
Sane people are locked up while the insane begin running things.
I start to run out of ideas.
Gopper head-lodging becomes a national pastime.
And I'm not going to be a cop.




Only people are using real gopper heads.
Strange man-eating plants grow out of the soil.
Plants with human faces and human-like intelligence emerge.
The sun becomes a giant black hole, threatening to pull the earth into it.
Know ye well the signs of the end times.
Did you know that 50,000 people were killed in an industrial accident in India?
Bobber!
Bobber!
A real bobber!
100,000 people died in an earthquake in Mexico City!
Bobber!
Bob is the comedian, earth is the straight man, and the end of all normal human reality
is the punchline.
Cousins!
Cousins!
Over!
The human race is over!





Castrate the mass litter!
The tragedy for the new freaking world order!
Spontaneous human combustion becomes so common that children and midgets are sold as disposable
lighters.
Praise Bob!
Bigger!
More!























Merry-go-round horses trade places with real horses.
People trying to ride horses find themselves just going around in circles
while children riding merry-go-rounds are thrown to the ground and trampled.
Dear Abby begins questioning her readers for advice.
Breathing now requires a license.
Televisions watch people.
Audiences tell jokes to comedians.
New street drugs are sold to make the user more straight.
Praise Bob.
Know ye well the signs of the end times.
Riots become so common, tickets are sold to them.
People jumping out of windows of high-story buildings become so common.
Pedestrians have to carry giant lead umbrellas around.
Know ye well the signs of the end times.
House flies become giant mutants and are used by airlines for transportations.
I finally run completely out of ideas.
Know ye well the signs of the end times.
Snap together do-it-yourself H-bombs.
Free inside specially marked boxes of tricks.
Not recommended for children under 12.
Mounds of bodies being bulldozed into open pits.
Open country becomes even more populated and ripped by disaster than the cities.
Seven headed demons arising from the lake of fire is predicted in the Bible.
People swarm in droves to try to join the church of the subgenius
only to find that the P.O. box has now been closed down by the conspiracy.
Know ye well the signs of the end times.
Someone spouts off the prophecies listed on the preceding two pages claiming,
I know well the signs of the end times, only to find that it does him no good.
He is massacred in a manner just as horrible as everyone else.
So why do I keep saying, know ye well the signs of the end times?
I was a tax-broder, dancing on the corner,
with a giant lead umbrella.

The body with the cleaver in her hand.
Castrate the masses.
A tragedy for the new shrinking world order.
Squeeze, it'll get bigger.
Anyway, they may be looking at you, talking down the street,
and they may be going, oh God, that person, that, hey, he ain't human.
He ain't normal. It must be an alien.
And we here at the Sisters of the Yeti,
we are not asexual or heterosexual or homosexual,
not even bisexual.
We're trisexual.
We do it with aliens.
Yes!
Yes!
Hail, Connie. Thank you, sister.
Praise Queen Victoria.
Whew!
Hurt me somebody, his hair's on fire.
You see, I'm the infrared woman.
I've got the beast of the abyss between my legs.
I'm tighter than a constipated Scotsman on a pay toilet.
I make the Virgin Mary look like the Grand Canyon.
You can run deep, but with me, you can't run silent.
I'll make you howl so loud there'll be green light on the moon.
The new age was invented just for me.
I wore the old one out.
I put the magic in sex magic.
I shocked Aleister Crowley and made the last ten popes
give up their vows just for one moment with me.
Who do you think Sappho wrote all those poems to?
Hmm?
I make Linda Lovelace look like a store window dummy with lockjaw.
When I take off my clothes, fist fights break out all over Mount Olympus.
I've got more swing in my hips than the San Francisco earthquake.
I'm bitchy.
I'm mean and I'm nasty.
Yes, I'm a real shrew.
Mad rapists run screaming for help to the rape crisis center when they see me coming.
I gave the anti-Bob back his own VD and turned him into a radical feminist.
Bomb!
Sold it!
Ice!
Smoked it!
That settles it!
It's time to stop prohibition and start to bitching!
I mean let's start asking some questions and getting some answers, okay?
I mean what is fun?
Happy up!
Start dancing!
Start drumming!
Start feeling really good about one another!
There's no place like my ego!
Me!
Me!
Only me!
What do I want?
Connie always wanted to be a princess.
She always wanted that Cinderella thing.
But then the conspiracy says that only Cinderella.
Looking with a Barbie doll can be a Cinderella.
And they started saying, oh well we're all just playing with Jane and Francis.
We don't know how to work with fire.
We don't know how to do the dance.
But darlings, if you're caught up in trance, you can follow.
You don't need an attitude adjustment.
You need an altitude adjustment.
And just start flying like a UFO.
11, 23, 60 man.
Hike, hike, hike!
Catch me, I'm flying!
I will sell myself to the one man!
Or the one woman!
Do you know what I'm saying?
She's on the slave block!
She's auctioning herself off, friends!
To the one man that can't build us an empire!
There's no place like my ego!
There's no place like my ego!
I am coming!
I am coming!
There's no place like my ego!
There's no place like my ego!
I am coming!
I am coming!
Oh, many posies, you want it!
Oh, many posies, you want it!
Ten million million dollars!
Ten million million dollars!
Shall open up our ego!
Shall build our great empire!
Although I should mention that we make an offer, as far as repenting on your death bed goes,
no other religion makes this offer.
Eternal salvation or triple your money back.
In other words, if you find yourself with the flames of hell licking at you after death,
you get a sixty dollar check from J.R. Bob Dobbs himself.
This is an alternate lifestyle religion?
You just mentioned flames of hell licking?
Oh, we're very open-minded.
Okay, alright.
Would you tell me something, because I don't think some of your followers,
which are probably getting us a .1 arb,
alright, what is Dockstock?
Oh, Dockstock is sort of like the subgenius Woodstock.
Oh, thank God, I thought it was some kind of a concentration camp.
Well, that's for after 1998, when the exes...
I thought it was an investment program or something.
Welcome, friends, to the main event.
The sermon tonight is entitled, The Lost Cause.
The Lost Cause!
Because let's face it, dear friends,
starting your own religion is not easy.
The religion today just isn't as easy as it used to be.
Back in the good old days, all you had to do was get nailed to a tree,
burned at a stake, or shot with enough arrows to make you look like a porcupine.
But today, dear friends, you look around you and what do you see?
What do you see?
Times are tough, competition is fierce, the price has gone up.
Nowadays, the Messiah has to give his life, and then a whole lot more.
A modern day deity like Dobbs has got to give his life not once, not twice, but three times!
I'm talking to you, pink boy!
How often have you given your life to Bob?
Well, you gave your three dollars to Bob, but that don't count.
He gave his life to you, and you didn't even say thanks.
Now, it used to be, it used to be that God in three persons was a slogan.
But now, dear friends, it's the only way a religion can live enough in order to die enough in order to get noticed.
But that's just the least of it.
Recession, stagflation, unemployment, and growth in the economy.
The crumbaroxy have taken away the profits from self-acclaimed profits.
Hell, by the time the regular church and government have stopped feeding it the troth, there's nothing left over.
Gone are the days of spiritual free enterprise.
Now religions get regulated, licensed, documented, investigated, stamped, filed, briefed, debriefed, indexed, and numbered.
Is that any way to treat a religion in America, dear friends?
No!
No!
It used to be that a religion was a threat to the system.
But you look around you today, and a religion has become part of the system.
And of course, there's another catch.
You have to become an organized religion.
An organized religion.
Now dear friends, we at the Church of the Subgenius have been called a lot of things.
A lot of things.
And not all of them have been very pleasant.
A lot of them have been rather insulted.
But there's one thing that no one has ever even insinuated that we are, and that is organized.
We are the most disorganized religion the world has ever seen, and damn proud of it.
I want to hear an amen!
Amen!
Amen!
Amen!
Amen!
Have you ever noticed, dear friends, have you ever noticed that organized religion is the one industry that government never even threatens to tax?
Don't you find that just a little bit odd?
I can't hear you.
Just a little odd?
But it shouldn't surprise you.
You want to know why?
I'm glad you asked.
Because it's called a symbiotic relationship.
The government wants religions to thrive.
It's called mass hypnosis.
They discovered a long time ago that it's easier to herd the masses around as long as they attend church masses.
Because they know that when your heads are up in the cloud, it's easy to manipulate the bodies down on earth.
Why, they could even get people to kill for them.
Why, sure, just ask Ayatollah Khomeini.
The government that has an army of religious fanatics has got the best morale that money can buy.
And what about the money, dear friends?
What about it?
It's money.
It's money, right?
You need it.
What's the best, most efficient way to get it?
Anyone can cheat on their taxes.
After all, the IRS has only got so many million employees to audit you.
But people who believe in God, they can't cheat.
Why?
You owe back one little penny.
And you burn for hell.
Burn in hell forever and ever.
Little wonder your money is stamped, in God we trust.
Because as long as you would trust in Him, they could trust in you.
You see, it's a two-way street.
The government supports the church, and the church supports the government.
This little symbiotic relationship is what we at the church call the conspiracy.
And that conspiracy, dear friends, is what the church of the subgenius is sworn to destroy.
Listen, we don't hate God, and we don't love the devil neither.
We love your money, and we hate the way the church and the government get it all.
We hate the conspiracy between the puppet masters and the pulpit masters.
That's why we're the only church, the only church, dear friends, that's proud to pay our taxes.
Because we don't want any of their conspiracy kickbacks.
That's also why we're the only religion to offer a seven-day Sabbath.
None of this nine-to-five bulls**t, five days a week, with another going to church.
And the church of the subgenius, dear friends, every day is your day off.
We don't even expect you to come to church.
You want to know why?
Because we don't expect you to have a ch-
How many of you have a car?
We don't expect you to have a car.
We don't want you to have a car.
Because we don't expect you to have a car.
Because we don't want you to have any obligations that are going to make you pay the conspiracy.
Just think about it.
That rusting status symbol falling apart out there in the street,
the one that pollutes, the one that you pay 40 cents on the dollar of every gallon of gas you pay for,
obligated you to five years of indentured servitude the moment you drove it off that lot.
It depreciated a thousand dollars that very second.
And now the conspiracy's just got you right where they want you.
Because if you don't pay off that, if you don't pay off the rest of that bill,
they're going to repossess you, your car, and the remainder of your soul.
Oh, and I almost forgot.
The punchline.
The great joke.
The last laugh.
The final punchline of the grand illusion.
All the time, the conspiracy has got you thinking that you're the one in control.
Why, sure.
It's a democracy.
You have a choice.
No conspiracy around here.
Why, no, sir.
Look over there.
Where, here?
In the church where you grew up?
Oh, no, sir.
Shame on you.
Look overseas, perhaps.
Look overseas at your neighbor.
But just think about this, friends.
If it's really a free country, then how come you're paying a third of every dollar to taxes?
And if it's really a free choice of religion, how come you have to choose it?
Or else you burn forever in hell.
That's the beauty of their system.
You see, you're damned if you do, and you're damned if you don't.
No, thunders Uncle Sham.
This is a free society.
All religions get equal treatment in the good USA.
Yeah, right.
Then explain to me that when we try to celebrate a simple religious rite, like, say, the head-launching of Arnold Palmer,
we have to use a fake plastic head to do it.
Go figure.
Now, the Christians, they got to fight to the death in giant, glorious, state-sponsored arenas.
And we have to use plastic heads.
And the Christians?
They got the head of John the Baptist cut off at the neck and served to them on a real silver platter.
And what do we get?
Plastic.
Now, how are we supposed to compete with a religion that gets that kind of free publicity?
I mean, which religion would you be more interested in?
The one that uses real human sacrifices, being fed to the lions?
Or the one that serves fake plastic heads?
You see, they got people like Charlton Heston parting the Red Sea in glorious, Cicero, Technicolor surround sound.
And we've got intermittent mics on KRON.
It just doesn't seem right, does it, dear friends?
We at the church know the odds are against us.
After all, Bob Dobbs ran for President of the United States on three occasions.
Three! Count them! One, two, three!
He died just as many times.
He was assassinated.
But did you hear about it on the national television?
No, sir.
Did you see it?
His name on the ballot, dear friends?
No, sir.
But when Pat Robertson and Patrick Buchanan ran for President of the United States, you
never heard a thing of it.
We may not have the star status of Patrick Buchanan or Pat Robertson or even Pat Boone,
for that matter, but at least we don't have the conspiracy patting us on the back for
a job well done.
We'd rather sell the
world's most expensive plastic bags than sell the world's most expensive plastic bags.
We'd rather sell the world's most expensive plastic bags than sell the world's most expensive
plastic bags.
Every last thing we have than sell our souls to cooperate with the conspiracy.
So maybe it's better to starve than it is to be reduced to spiritual cannibalism.
And who knows, friends?
I'm sad to say it here tonight, but look at your numbers.
Maybe it is a lost cause.
How are we going to revolutionize any part of society with 11 people in the audience?
That's not even enough for 12 apostles.
Automatic weapons.
Well, that may be a solution.
That may be the final solution.
And that may be the solution we have to resolve to.
But don't let it be said we didn't try the peaceful means.
So if it is a lost cause, maybe we should just give up.
Do you think we should just give up?
Let's just give up.
No, sir.
No, sir.
We will not give up now.
We will not give up later.
Because that which does not destroy us makes us stronger, dear friends.
They may have the political machines, the organized religions, the communication networks,
all the police.
All the military and all the money.
But what do we have?
We have the faith.
Faith in J.R. Bob Dobbs, the man with the anti-conspiracy plan.
Oh, J.R., we are unworthy of you.
Show us your grace.
How's he going to do it, friends?
How's he going to do it?
Well, let's just say J.R. has got some friends in high places.
Very high places.
So the next time the conspiracy tries to tell you it's a lost cause, just remember, it's
always darkest before the dawn.
And even J.R. Bob Dobbs can see that it ain't over until it's over.
In final words, friends, remember, Bob Dobbs will return.
Only this time, he won't be alone.
Hearing the thwart of Bob, I'm going to go.

Wee!
Bob, ain't it?
Father!
The ozone layer has so many holes in it, it begins to look like a piece of Swiss cheese.
Praise God!
The truth will make you very, very paranoid.
People fight duels to the death over morsels of food not big enough to feed a rat.
Atmosphere so polluted that the wearing of gas masks becomes mandatory.
There are spring fashion shows to introduce new annual fashions in gas masks and camouflage
chic.
The smell of rotting corpses becomes so common...
Gas mask?
In times.
In times.
In times.
In times.
In times.
How much do I owe you my charge for this?
The smell of rotting corpses becomes so common, women are forced to wear... it is sold as
a perfume.
Know ye well the signs of the end times.
Rape becomes so common, women are forced to wear chastity belts, even around their husbands.
Human beings are hunted for sport on national television.
Displaying human heads on spears once again becomes a common practice.
Christians are called up to the rapture.
The rapture is a sign of the end times.
But those who are standing indoors when it happens bump their heads on the ceiling.
Others collide with airplanes or suffocate in outer space as their bodies leave the atmosphere.
Realizing their fate, some Christians attempt to chain themselves to the ground to no avail.
Animals house human beings in human zoos.
Know ye well the signs of the end times.
It turns you off while there's still a chance.
But my friends, I come to you with a heavy heart tonight.
Why, you might ask.
Do you come to us with a heavy heart, Jane or Hyperclakes?
Why?
Why?
Why?
It is because...
Why?
It is because the church is the church of the Lord God.




















The church of the sov genius is facing a financial crisis.
The words stick in my throat, but we are in danger of losing the entire ministry.
I'm not talking about just the radio ministry, just the TV ministry.
I'm not talking about just the homes of slack host children.
I'm talking about the holes to bang.
This church needs new долго having uses like организ catastrophic poverty.
Free anvision services, free development, free principles for years to come of Cannon Church.
We can't run this ministry on love alone.
If we're going to destroy the very concept of money, it's going to take money, tons of it.
Let me put it this way.
If I were you, I'd give me all your money.
And if you were me, you'd probably take it.
But how do you tithe your money to J.R. Bob Dobbs?
How do you decide how much to give?
Well, you just take the unnecessary portion of your salary,
say that what you were going to spend on food and rent,
and that's the part you send to Bob.
But we don't want the money.
We put the money in good piles and burn it.
But that part of your soul, which is attached to the dollar bill,
goes up with the flame.
It will be received by our interplanetary spirit.
We will face guardians, and you will be saved.
We feel like...
Why get ripped off somewhere else when you can come here?
We are prophets, and we want prophets.
Oh, yeah.
So can I give the sacred post office box?
The sacred post office box.
Right here in lovely Dallas, Texas, folks can just write to Bob at post office box.
So J.R. Bob Dobbs gets this money?
Oh, he seems to intercept a lot of it before it ever gets to me.
Well, you know, I'm not really...
That's how I know he's magic.
I'm not really resentful of that, you know, because I always hear...
I hear Reverend Shuler, and I hear...
I used to hear that guy...
What's the guy who makes it with all the whores?
Oh.
Swagger.
Swagger.
Oh, yeah.
I've heard him, you know, I've always heard him, you know,
talking about money that I needed for Jesus to continue the good works of Jesus.
And the money never goes to Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
He always seems to go directly to those guys.
You, at least, are very honest, and your all holy of holies receives the money directly.
Oh, that's right.
Well, of course, a lot of it goes to the home for slackless children and the radio outreach and all these...
Radio outreach.
The home for wayward girls and so forth.
Home for wayward girls, which I believe is one of your specialties, isn't it?
Well, we're trying to keep up with the Koresh's.
You might say.
Well, that's not bad.
You are, you, of course, are owners of Hotel 666's.
We're trying to buy into that.
That's not a bad...
Give us the post office box, too, as you send your offerings to J.R. Bob Dobbs.
All right.
That sacred post office box number is 1-4-0-3-0-6.
1-4-0-3-0-6.
In Dallas, Texas.
Is there something about...
Write down those numbers.
Let me see if I can...
You know there is a hidden message, friends.
1-4-0-3-0-6.
I will tell you in just a moment, my friends.
When you take 4 and 3, add them together, it makes 7.
Take the 1 in front, take it away, and it makes 6.
Take the 3 and the 1.
They make 4.
Take from that 4, take the two 0s that are in that, and count them as 2.
Add that to the 4.
It gives you another 6.
Again, my friends, you end up with...
Ronald Reagan's street address.
6-6.
You see how, if you study these religions the way I have, you can always find the veil of secrecy.
Downey.
E Pluribus Una.
Here we go.
I really like it now.
I cannot tell you how.
I'm doing this for I.
I've paid my money so much.
They make up me, make me easy, send your women a ride.
They make up me, make me easy, send your women a ride.
Rosie the Riddler taught us how to act.
We must take up our work.
You bring on...
Our slack.
It's the vibes that we love.
The dicks can shrivel up.
We licked wash in 92.
No time to see if slick Willie will do.
The job that he promised.
Sure, he was slick enough to get in.
But Willie stayed hard enough to do the job.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
We kind of like Bob Woods.
Bob, if you can hear me now, I'm sending out a message to you.
It's an unidentified flying object.
You'll play to know what you really think.
Yeah.
Woo!
Woo!


I want the wool over your own eyes and relax in the safety of your own delusions.
I want my ad man, don't want no blue sad man. I want my phone.
I'll give my job and work to jerk you off.
It's not pornography, officer. Oh, contraire. It's empowerment.
Well, I never.
I've never seen her do that before.
I don't know.
Damn, give her a beat and just lick her up a bit.
Praise Bob and Al Cunnery.
Al Cunnery.
I'll be your Bob. I'll build you an empire.
Yes, I bet you would.
I'll take ten dollars. Ten dollars and three cents.
