Shh. Don't tell anyone.
But this is the subgenius hour of slack.
Shh.
I.O.! Let's go!
I.O.! Let's go!
I.O.! Let's go!
Oh, the cool light.
Man, it's time to start dispensing.
And we'll do it.
We'll scramble asses off exactly at 7 a.m.
We'll take the hit and say...
Bob them.
I can't take the joke.
Bye, buddy.
Hopefully we'll be on the saucers by the time that damn sentence is finished.
I don't know about you, but the minute I'm ruptured, I'm going to bed.
Hey, come on, honey.
Don't let me hold you in the way for a minute, baby.
I'll be gone in just a little while.
You see, I gotta go out in this cold, this cold.
I'm going to brush you.
One more time.
Yes, dear friend.
We will do just that.
One last final time before X-Day.
Because, as it says here on Bob's handwritten memo...
The world ends July 5th at 7 a.m.
1999.
This is the original piece of paper touched by Bob.
Oh, yes, friends.
And Bob has been moving in America as these last days come to a close.
I saw Bob in Portland.
Bob came to a subgenius show in Portland, Oregon just two weeks ago when I was at that.
And we have recordings of these things.
We have proof.
The proof is all around us.
We have proof.
My friends, X-Day is coming.
And the...
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
It won't be long now, friends.
35, 45 years since Bob first received the immaculation from Jehovah One
that the X's would come.
In, according to my seven minutes.
Damn it.
I ain't gonna need this pretty much.
And with that, I smashed my watch, friends.
And I gotta admit...
I had to go buy a new one after that.
Because Bob didn't show.
This roof...
Well, this roof is gonna be blown off the top of this building.
How long do we have?
Don't!
Don't!


But this time, friends, you have a second chance.
Yes, a second chance.
Sister Friday Jones is dispensing the Kool-Aid.
As it's said in Revelation X, if you have perfect trust and faith,
you will be ruptured.
Don't worry.
Trust us.
Are you bored?
Are you jaded?
Has all enthusiasm faded?
Are you jaded?








Introducingêtre


Are you one of those people who
Are you so
Second
Shut up, Im not done talking to you.
radical
Oh, isn't it wonderful?
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius.
Our own watch.
Subgenius people, why, they're the salt of the earth.
You'd like to rub elbows with them.
Sound impossible.
I'd like to rub salt.
Yes, you rub it between the forefinger and the thumb.
Say what?
You'd take the pinch of salt.
You'd rub it between the forefinger and the thumb.
Walk with your shoes around a burning, decapitated child's head
and then jump into the grave and say,
hop on my thumb, hop on my thumb,
this is a problem I must overcome.
Throw in a dead cat or a live cat that's not feeling well.
Then cover with the sod and when the birds chirp on the third Saturday after Mikkelmas,
take a large dill pickle and insert it in.
Sound enough.
Our own watch.
Oh, God, not again.
I must do it all over again.
I've got to start this damn show all over again.
And again.
The show that never ends, but soon it will end.
Soon everything will end.
Ha, ha.
This is a horrible studio out here with the lights on.
That's a lie.
That's just a type.
Light, light, light, light, light, light.
At least I've got this little porthole.
This is a portable thing so that we can start the show whether I'm in the studio or not.
Or even on after I've been in the studio for hours.
And here we are finally in the studios.
As you can see, oh, oh, the guard dog's trying to get out.
As you can see here, or would be able to see if the camera was working,
this huge bank of cassette and reel-to-reel decks that are brought in each night for the hour of slack.
by the zombies, by the very Will O'Dobbs.
Bob needs money.
Money needs glory.
Glory needs gore.
Gore needs sex.
Sex needs Bob.
Bob needs money.
And it's your money that he's gonna get, my friend.
Sure is shooting.
He's gonna get it.
He's right behind you.
Bob's creeping up on you.
Your brother, Dr. Huckabee,
a coming with advanced knowledge.
Great.
He's shooting right now.
Bob will save all true believers, though, in 1998, right?
Actually, Bob, you better hope that Bob does some wheeling and dealing
for your soul come 1998.
He is the salesman of the universe here to make sure that Earth
and your soul does not get sold to the robot mutilators.
At least for not too low a price.
So you better read that book with all three eyes or however many you have left.
And leave the driving to Bob.
That's right.
You do the walking, let Bob do the talking.
Who are these men from Planet X, children?
What is waiting there for me?
Bob.
It's easy enough to die for Bob.
But would you kill?
Would you kill for him?
Would you kill and kill and kill?
Kill till your hands are slick with blood.
Kill till your flesh is numb with the killing.
Kill until you can kill no more and then keep killing.
This week's Hour of Slack is brought to you by The Conspiracy.
We're everywhere.
We always have been.
You can't escape us.
The Conspiracy.
The Conspiracy.
Controlling your lives since before the dawn of time.
Friend, the elder gods have been sleeping.
But they're waking up.
And you've got to find that word of Bob before it's too late.
Before 1998, the last day.
The end of the world.
The end of time as we know it.
When the very, the very...
The score is racked.
The score is racked up and it's the time and a half time.
Yes sir.
We just won't have a chance.
It's gonna be all right.
have their way to us.
The smallpox blankets
and the Indians,
you know,
well, this is going to be
technological viral
infectation
of an entire planet
with means of doing things
and means of destruction,
means of alteration
of genetic patterns,
means of controlling
people's minds
that we don't even,
to us it's magic.
Any significantly advanced
form of science
becomes magic.
If that smoke
comes out of Bob's pipe
no more,
then we shall be reduced
to that can of warm beer
under the bed
of a hungover elder dog
at 1130 on a Sunday morning.
Bob is here to make sure
that instead of it being
the end of the world,
it's the end of their world
and the new land.
The new Jerusalem
where slack begins.
Yes, the streets
will be paved with slack.
Slack will drop gently
from the sky.
Slack will ooze
out of the pores
of the faithful.
The tribulation money
will fall from
the flying saucers.
Yes,
it will all be floating around
as little green rays
coming out of our feet.
That's why we tell
the public
to throw their money away.
It's no good.
It's going to be,
currency is just going to be
flying down from flying saucers
in a few years anyway.
Or give it to Bob.
You give it to Bob
while it's still good.
You cash in that money
while it's still good.
Because they're going to be,
see, people are just going to be
bringing all their money to Bob
when the end of the world
is upon us.
It's going to be too late
because money won't be worth anything.
When those tribulation times
come down,
that subgenius pamphlet,
especially if you've got
a white copy,
now if you've got a white copy
and a brown copy,
it's a little bit of difference,
but they're both worth more
than a bundle of thousand dollar
treasury bills a foot high.
There will be people
trading paragraphs
of that pamphlet
for boxcars full of food.
You think it will replace currency?
Bob will replace drugs,
religion, rock music,
and everything
in a great paradise
of unrestrained sales,
unrestrained slack and sex.
And it's going to be
If you have any drug users
in your audience,
we should note that
the book of the subgenius
we found in a test
that was conducted
in Austin recently,
that if adulterated street drugs
are thrown on top of the cover,
all of the non-narcotic qualities
are completely erased
and indicated as negative
and destroyed.
All impurities are removed,
giving you that 1% of pure
that you paid for
out of whatever it was
that you were...
By the way...
That's better than Pyramid.
Yes, much better
than Pyramid Power.
I'd like to say those...
...in a plane
rather than going to a point.
Book of the subgenius.
That's it.
Book of the subgenius.
I'm the fellow
everyone knows.
Bob.
Bob!
Bob!
Yes, Bob.
Hey, man.
That is one strange dude.
Who is it?
One strange dude.
I think Bob
is just the guy with the pipe.
Oh, that's crazy talk.
But friends, you know,
are critics.
I have some people worry
now and then
that the church
might become corrupt.
The church of the subgenius
might become corrupted
by the conspiracy
and there'd have to be
a replacement for it.
Well, hey.
Friends, I'll tell you,
we don't have to worry about that
because the true church,
the true church of the subgenius
is going to be up in the saucers.
Ah, the pinks won't have to worry
about...
about...
about the subgeniuses.
They're going to be up in the saucers.





There'll be all kinds of cheap cults
and spin-offs left behind
just like the cargo cults
among the last mutated remnants
of humanity.
And also,
there'll be subgeniuses left behind.
The subgeniuses who didn't think
they really needed
that $20 membership card.
Did we just have a power barrier?
I believe we did.
Ahem.
Yeah, those who, as I was saying...
Excuse me, friends.
We're having serious, strange poltergeist effects in here as the lights flicker on and off.
Yeah, anyway, there'll be some subgeniuses left behind.
The ones who didn't think they needed that $20 membership card.
The ones who tattooed Bob's face all over their whole bodies.
The ones who put...
They might have put Bob on national TV.
They might have donated their whole estate to us, but they never sent.
They never sent their $20.
Now, it might be confusing a bit to those left behind after the rupture.
Because the rupture happens for different people in different ways.
A lot of subgeniuses, when they undergo the rupture,
watch the people standing around and back on Earth.
It looks like a burning monk or spontaneous combustion.
They just burst in.
They just burn to flames and scream and scream.
It's the most horrible, painful-looking thing in the world.
But, of course, that, friends, that's just the image.
That's just sort of the hologram, the body being left behind.
Just the shell.
Because on next day, when you are ruptured, no matter how it looks, you know,
your youthful, perfect body is being recreated on the vessels of the sex goddesses
and a thousand clones of kitten...
on TV dot are gonna...
Well, I...
Friends, when you get on that escape vessel,
every person you ever had a crush on since elementary school
is gonna be there ready to have sex with you.
Either that or else, simulacra of those people.
It might as well be the same.
Because the sex goddesses, you see, can change their form completely and totally.
First, you...
You'll...
There'll be the...
Say, the girl you had a crush on in first grade.
Well, now she's at a perfect...
She's perfect and healthy at age 25, of course, you know.
And when she leaves, why in walks the girl you had a crush on in second grade?
Or here's that boy you had a crush on when you were 13 and he almost kissed you,
but now he's gonna do it.
And he's still wearing the same clothes that he did at the prom.
Or that milkman.
Or the babysitter that you lusted after.
They'll all be there.
The sex goddesses tap your mind.
It's not really people.
It's part of the...
The muam system.
The...
A biomorphic toy that conforms to the fleshly configurations
to satisfy any kind of lust you might have.
And they can pre-guess what you're about to think, friends.
They can sense a desire percolating up in your mind.
And just...
For instance, just a few seconds before you...
You think of it.
That zap comic that you always wanted to read a second time
what just happens to be over there in the pile?
And you...
And you look back and you think,
Man, this is...
This is great.
If only I had a frop stick.
Well, here's a frop stick.
Because muam and the biomorphs and the sex goddesses can anticipate your every wish.
They can whip a desire coming on.
And you'll think,
Now, if I could just...
Um...
Meet up with that...
That haughty librarian at that one college I went to
while I'm reading this comic.
And sure enough, in she comes through the door.
Well, if only she'd dance, you think.
Oh, if only she had a small whip.
And it happens.
As you think about it, there's no limit.
No limit at all.
And, oh, if only she'd give me a ham sandwich first.
Ah, yes.
Now I'm...
And you'll sit there and think to yourself,
You know, I can't believe there was a time...
When I wondered if it was worth the 20 bucks.
And you're sitting there eating the hell out of that ham sandwich,
Getting a scarf job from that biomorph,
Watching widescreen color TV Elvis movies,
And thinking,
How could I ever have wondered?
How could I ever have doubted Bob for a second?
And to think of poor Bubba,
My brother Bubba back there on Earth,
The guy that said,
Hell, send him $20?
That's just what they want you to do.
I'll pump gas for $2.38 an hour the rest of my life,
Before I'd send a dollar to that damn sub-gum church.
Oh, yeah.
Well, it's hard times for Bubba now, friends.
Because, children, our heritage awaits us in the stars.
And soon, oh, yes, soon,
As Bob is my witness,
We'll never be slackless again.
Let the judgment begin.
I'll get the ball rolling.
The end of the world?
How near is it?
We hear a great deal today about the end of the world.
When is it going to come?
Some have been so presumptuous as to set dates.
As a result, people have sold their worldly goods,
Gone to a mountain top somewhere,
And waited for the end of the world to come.
Others have taught and preached that there will be no end,
That everything will go on as it is.
And both parties are wrong.
And I alluded to the fact that certain traditions of men teach that when a planet goes through,
Or a comet goes through a certain field,
Was it the great hunter?
I think it was.
That that means the earth is coming to an end.
And I made the statement that,
It would be impossible for Haley Bopp to hit the states of the Americas,
Unless a chunk broke off.
And this lady thought I said a chunk was going to break off of Haley Bopp and me and the world.
I didn't say that, alright?
That would be an impossibility, is what I was actually saying.
There's nothing out there that's going to run into Haley Bopp.
But I had fun doing that.
I hope you all enjoyed it.
But no dates were mentioned other than astronomical signs,
And the heavens were taking place at those times.
The church of the subgenius is surely the church of the future.
Or at least what's left of it.
The world as we know it will end in 19...
Uh, 99, dear friends.
We, uh, there was a slight miscalculation, or a little bit of an, I guess you could say an embarrassment.
But friends, you know, we weren't ready.
We were not ready.
And that X-Day drill of 1998 proved it.
But friends, X-Day, this time, double X-Day,
Dos Equis is coming, it is going to happen,
And I'm going to do three hours of slack.
Real quick.
Like tonight, before I leave town for Brushwood Folklore Center,
Where we hold the gigantic celebration before we leave the planet.
And, you know, why do I feel the need to do three shows if I'm going to be gone?
You know, I mean, uh...
You know, and why should we do, and they're going to be X-Day shows, friends.
Why should we do that even though X-Day will have already happened?
In fact, by the time you hear this, you know, it'll be a miracle if you're even hearing it.
I imagine they'll probably, I had to play a rerun last week,
Of an anticipatory X-Day show from a year ago.
And I could do that again, but man, we've got so much great stuff, friends.
And why should we keep doing X-Day shows even though X-Day already happened?
Just to rub it in.
Just in case anybody's left on this planet, any radio stations are left,
And anybody's listening, friends, it's just to rub it in.
You could have gone that distance, but no.
No!
No!
You had to hang on to, well, I'm not going to go into that.
I don't care.
I'm too busy.
Too busy packing, because I'm going to take it with me, friends.
As a subgenius, when you translate over to the other plane, the other dimension,
You can take it with you, and I've got a lot of crap I want to take with me.
So I'm packing.
And if the X's don't come, by God, I'm going to wait there at Brushwood until they do come.
And I've been burning CDs, friends.
The wonderful Rev. Dr. Jack sent us, actually donated to the church, a CD burner,
Which has turned out to be a Bob send, so to speak.
And soon we'll be able to put this show out on CDs.
And won't that be wonderful?
Instead of these metal tapes that we spend so much money on.
And friends, and friends, Bob is moving!
Oh, friends, it is so marvelous.
I've had been devivals.
I've had devivals across this nation as we approach this final hour of X Day.
There were devivals in Boston on the church steps.
There was a great devival, friends, in Seattle, in the beautiful nation of Seattle, Texas.
I mean, Washington, where we shall play tapes from that, friends, of the incredible Papa Joe Mama's new rant.
And a preacher, I never knew had it in him.
But Rev. Pope, whatever, Ken Huey sang.
He has Bob on the brain.
And he's gonna tell you about Bob Poopy.
And he's gonna sing the new subgenius anthem.
And we had, there were devivals in Portland, friends.
The lost continent of Lemuria and Portlandus.
Both rose up.
And Bob was there at that actual devival, at that club.
I got sick as hell.
And, uh, I mean, physically.
But, uh, I mean, physically.
I was really ill.
Because I was close to his presence.
It was him!
It was him!
And we've got tapes, friends.
We've got tapes of Orton Ninslow for the first time in public singing his new, his X Day hymn sing-along,
Take Me Off to Space, with new lyrics this time, friends.
And Dr. Howell was there at that show.
And we'll be hearing Dr. Vagina Jones was there.
And, uh, oh, friends.
There's so much coming up that we will be playing.
What we're playing in the background is a tape handed to me at last X Day Drill 98 by Reverend Goddess Heather Hillman.
And we have been listening to, um, the Susie the Floozies show.
Friends, I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you credits ahead of time.
What I just played is also what I'm going to continue to play.
Susie the Floozies, amazing radio show.
Bob Slatton Funhouse from Atlanta at WREK.
And, uh, I'm gonna give you credits ahead of time.
She put together an incredible X Day show last X Day.
I'm gonna be running some of that.
And, and, uh, we heard a long rant about X Day.
The music in the background, that was me from the old hour of Slack number 400 some odd.
This is hour of Slack 689.
Can you believe it?
I didn't think we'd ever make it to 666.
And, uh, but, uh, Doctors for Bob was that luscious music, the rock music in the background and that long rant about X Day.
And, uh, stuff from our old media barrage tapes, G. Gordon Gordon, Poon Flang Dammerung, Buck Naked, Yours Truly.
And you've heard Friday Jones, the feminine voice giving those little grisly asides.
Here and there will be more.
And, uh, Dr. Hal Robbins on the KPFA show.
And clips from the subgenius video, the soundtrack, friends.
And, uh, of, of, of X Day, the X Day video, which is still available.
And, uh, soon, sub CD ROMs of, of, of Subgenius.
And our website, our website will be, except they won't be available because there ain't gonna be no world here, friends.
And, uh, uh, oh, and, uh, I'm just so excited about it all that I'm gonna let Chaz from the, uh, the other land, uh, uh, rant for me for a little while.
And, and then, uh, but that's what's going on.
I'm gonna try to do three, count them, three shows.
The next three shows you hear, or the next two after this one will be, uh, done.
The same exciting night that I'm doing.
All this stuff.
And, um, I'll probably be real tired.
So I imagine the se- the third one will be terrible.
But, yeah, alright.
The four non-profits of the apocalypse.
Hey, uh, we sent those ships out last year.
And the ships went aground.
The water drained out of the ocean of space for us last year.
But it won't again this year.
We, we, we, that year is here now.
That year, that year, it's a month away.
It's a month away.
From tonight.
A new day.
Is the eve of double X day.
The real, the real X day.
The real X day is coming in one month, kids.
And Einstein Secret Orchestra will be unleashing a brand new CD at that, uh, at that event.
And present our brand new CD of music to the X's.
On, uh, on double X day.
Coming up July 4th weekend at Brushwood, uh, campground, uh, in New York.
So, uh, uh, it's going to be, yeah.
We're going to do it.
We're going to climb on those rocket ships and build the vessels if we have to.
Yeah, we did it.
We did.
We did build the vessels.
We did build the vessels.
Testing the systems needed for this trip.
We did it in one year's time.
We did it.
We made a kind of relief.
We did it.
Thanks for the ride.
We'll take it.
Thanks for the ride.
And we're going to take it from here come one month from today.
From one month from today, we're going to light that fuse.
We're going to climb on that rocket ship.
We're going to hang on our parachutes and our six packs.
And we're going out there 50 miles high.
There's no such thing as the year 2000.
There's no years.
There's no days.
There's no nights.
It's just space, folks.
That's all it is.
And we're ready.
We said we were going to do it in a year after things fell apart last year.
That's right.
We said we were going to do it, and we're going to do it.
We got the rocket ships.
They're all primed and ready.
We've had at least five test launchings at Brushwood already.
You've missed those.
You backsliding little bobbies.
You've missed the test launchings.
But we did them.
We did them, and no one got hurt.
That's the most amazing thing of all is nobody got hurt yet.
But at X day, somebody is going to get hurt.
Sacrifices must be made.
Don't let it be you.
Okay?
So the safest place to stand at any rocket launching is right at the launch pad.
You definitely don't want to be about 1,000 feet away because things go wrong.
You know, sacrifices will be made, like I said.
So you better get on board here, kids.
And find out what the heck I'm talking about, will you?
Because Einstein's Secret Orchestra is going to be jamming for the alien sex goddesses come one month from today.
From today, actually.
I think it's Friday, July 2nd.
ESO will be jamming its jam.
So anyway, we're doing it.
We're heading there.
We're going.
Just get out of our way because we ain't waiting for no one.
We got that lighter up to the fuse button.
Rocket button.
We're going.
Yes.
What is the law?
To light the fuse.
That is the law.
But how can there be love without the Father?
Because we have a lighter to light the fuse.
He hasn't left us.
No.
He's just in the nose cone.
I don't know what I will tell the others.
Yeah, that's what I will tell the others.
I'll tell the others.
Well, that's what we always tell the rubes.
We always just tell them, oh, yeah, the Father's still here.
He's up in heaven.
That's right.
The God is the Bob or whoever, whatever one they're looking for.
The Father is up in heaven.
And the President or the Czar is very far away.
Friends, we've also got a new media barrage from a new media barrage editing Foo, the
Ministry of Found Objects.
I've got music by Ron Slabe in the background and a whole bunch of CDs that came in.
This has sure been a month for audio collage found sound editing CDs.
I have such things from Eddie the Rat, the Brand Flakes.
Negative Land has a new one and some releases from Negative Land's little record company.
So, friends, there's just too much.
There's just too much.
No.
No.
No.
No.
That's the end of this side.
So, we'll just show you with all that stuff on side two of this wonderful subgenius radio
ministry, Hour of Slab.
Thank you all.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.

Bye.

Bye.
Bye.











and now my friends i'm proud to present the mighty nenslow live at the portland
revival the raising of lemuria lemuria rising i think nenslow
this is a song i wrote it's called there's a fellow if you don't know it sing along
there's a fellow down in texas
they say his name is bob he tells me i should strike off i should put my job
well
well
of 1998
the earth would meet destruction
suffer a deadly fate
bob made a deal with x's who come from outer space
to purchase an extinction for the getting raised
with an ace of genius
and i must have my slack if i don't live forever
forever
forever














i get my money back
that day was long away
now it has come and gone
there was no fire from heaven
and this old world rolls on
poor stang was made to suffer
a terrible disgrace
of suffering
humiliation
he feared to show his face
where are they some genius
and i must have my slack
if i don't live forever
i get my money back
now there may be nothing
because we are such chums
such chums
But there is no reason to be down in the dumps
It'll all still happen, no need to curse or frown
They got all right numbers, just got them upside down
Well, I'm Issa Jean and I must have my slack
If I don't live forever, I get my money back
We don't want to miss out on all the fun, so we might have to join you
Say goodbye to the evangelicals for a few hours because we want to be involved in the actual
We're not going to all leave, if this is the last we'll probably see of each other for a few hours
But hours will be meaningless in a few days
Don't get on the ship!
Where's Jesus?
Well, in answer to your question, Jesus
It just happened
Jesus is, uh, to tell the truth, he's probably at, right now as I say this, he's probably at work at his second job, his bartending job
Would you believe that, here Jesus comes back to earth in the 20th century
And he, not only does he immediately go to work for the, uh, for the subgenius foundation
Instead of, say, the Southern Baptist Convention
But
He also has to, because the subgenius church doesn't make that much money
He has to get a, Jesus Christ has to get a second job as a bartender
Uh, ministering to the publicans
Well, anyway, friends, that wasn't what I wanted to talk about
I didn't want to brag on Jesus
But I wanted to, um, present some more from the Seattle devival that Pope S. Lilith produced, um, uh, uh, in, uh, this year
This 1999 year
And, uh, Papa Joe Mama delivered one of the most beautiful
Really, you know, for a holocaustal it was a beautiful rant
This was his toned down rant, he said
He had one that was more, uh, uh, uh, inflammatory, shall we say
And, but instead he
Uh, delivered this
At the, uh, Seattle devival
Thank you all
Our next rancher, dear friends
Our next rancher
Is a total pussy
He's a cramming coward
He's a traitor to his own kind
He, dear friends, he thinks that the human race only needs to be exterminated once
Now, I don't know about you, but I know for a fact that what the human race has done to us mighty subgeniuses
Deserves more than one death
In fact, I have a saying
Kill him, resurrect him, kill him again
With all that said, he's still a snazzy dresser
Ladies and gentlemen, Father Joe Mama
We don't need a microphone
But we'll use one anyway
Brothers and sisters
Some people out there think I'm about hatred
What makes them think that?
What's there to hate in this world?
Ho ho, it's lovely, isn't it?
But let the other religions run about there and use the demagoguery
We are a thinking man's religion
Let me hear a thinking mob
Thinking mob!
I think I can hear Bob thinking
And as proof of that
I put together something that I've never heard before
And I think helps prove that we are beyond just hatred
We're a thoughtful, perhaps a little demigra-
Demigro-gory, demigra-
Blah, blah, blah, talk your tongues, talk to somebody!
Perhaps we do revert occasionally to a little bit of demagoguery
But in general, we like to add something more to our religion
The spice of life
Maybe it does include the occasional extermination of 99.8% of the humanity
Great Bob!
Of 0.2% more than it was this time last year
But we're working on that
And we're going beyond that
So tonight I've included a thoughtful treatise I like to call
Invisible Fences
And I call it that for a very simple reason, my friends
Because most beings in normals
They actually never want to experience freedom
No, they seek out captivity
They want someone else to make their decisions
So long as their motherly masters pretend to really care
It's natural, they're bred that way
And they're trained that way as well
See how the humans are raised
Living under the control of their parents
Being told what to do
What to eat, how to live their lives
Kids, well, they hate or bane, but they do it anyway, don't they?
In fact, they put up with it all their lives until at least 18
Before they finally get up the nerve to leave home
And...
Well, even that age continues to rise, doesn't it?
Fewer and fewer kids ever leave home
Even as adults they keep hanging around the house like the family dog
They're let out for exercise
A chance to run around
But then most of them return for the free food and a warm place to sleep
Some will run off for a while
But ultimately the cold, cruel world catches up with them
And they're back again
Living in the room above their garage or in the trailer out back
We all know adults like these
We snicker at them and call them losers
But are we any better, dear friends?
Are we?
Yeah!
Well, I don't know about you
But I've been thinking about that
And it seems to me that a lot of my friends
Went off to school, got an education
And then what did they do?
No, they ran out and they got married
Now I'm not saying there's anything wrong with marriage, my friends
I think it's a fine thing if that's what you want
But if you left home because you wanted to be on your own
Then running out and getting married isn't exactly being on your own, is it?
I mean, if you can't stand to have your mother sit there and ask you
Where you were all night last night
What do you think your new partner's gonna ask?
Well, as evidence of this contradiction
I would point to the high rise of divorce
My point is simply this
People think they want one thing
But then when they get it, they want something else
And if you think we've got it bad
Just consider the dogs
Yes, the dogs
Their relationship with the humans
Began with such promise and potential
The Dingos were out there one day
They smelled the luscious burning flesh
Coming from the caveman's cave
So they thought they'd check it out
Sniff around
Kind of, you know, moving a little closer
And over the course of time they got thrown a few scraps
Eventually they were included in the hunt
Ultimately they were moved all the way up the ladder
Into man's best friend, or so they say
But look at them now!
Most of them are relegated to nothing more than
Lawn ornament status
That's assuming they're allowed to even get out of the house
They're kept in these tiny little walls
And told to use the newspapers over there
Those that are kept outside
Are kept in tiny little fenced areas
Oh, man's best friend, all right
And then those who don't have fences
Oh, they've got the worst lot
It's called the invisible fence
We all know about the invisible fence, don't we?
Those poor animals, they can see freedom
They can even smell freedom
But if they try to taste freedom
them, zzzzzzzzzzzzzz, shocks, cores through their brains, right through their nerves,
through a cute little collar that's placed on there and probably looks very nice if you
happen to be just passing by.
But again, dear friends, we must turn to ourselves and ask, are we any different?
We were seduced long ago by the conspiracy, and now it controls almost every aspect of
our lives.
Just think about it.
Like, every radio and TV program, controlled by the FCC.
Every dollar earned, taxed by the IRS.
Every means of transportation, licensed and regulated by the state.
Hell, you can't even drive a moped without their permission.
Now, dear friends, help me out here, but that seems to me like we are controlled by something.
That essence is what we call the conspiracy.
Now, some people will say, well, you know, it's, it's,
it's not a right to drive.
It's a privilege, and maybe so, but the list goes on and on.
And the average Joey doesn't even seem to know or care, does he?
Hell, he seems to enjoy all the added attention.
Bring it on.
Take away our guns.
Take away our cigarettes.
Take away our drugs.
Tell us how to live.
Just, just pay us that attention, please.
We want you to take care of us.
Well, dear friends, I have to ask, why would anyone want to be the pet or the ward of the
state?
I'm afraid I know the answer.
Because it looks easy from the outside.
After all, you're fed well, you get good shelter, even your shots.
But we all know what happens when you become a problem pet, don't we?
It's called getting fixed.
Snip, snip.
And boy, does it fix them all right.
Yes, dear friends, they become lazy, submissive, and overweight.
Just look out your window, and you see it every day.
Pacified pigs, humans, normals, waddling down the street, carrying their briefcases, or
clutching their shopping bags.
Oh, they're fixed all right.
They're pets to the conspiracy.
Their collar is a clock, a wristwatch, firmly held around the wrist.
And they're in the middle of the night.
They're invisible fence.
It's the so-called law of the land.
Oh, you can't see it.
But if you break it, you'll feel the pain and in very short order.
You'll be fine, thrown in a cage.
Or if it's bad enough, you'll get the ultimate punishment.
The shock in the chair.
I'm from Florida.
I know about old Sparky.
Now granted, there are some states that are a little more shell-ish.

Shall we call them humane?
They do, after all, offer us alternatives, like the lethal injection.
How humane.
Isn't it nice to know that some of our masters still care enough to kill us with kindness
and put us to sleep?
Awake!
Reject the conspiracies, good intentions of our would-be masters to domesticate you in
your life and death.
Reject the conspiracies.
Reject the Faustian bargain the conspiracy offers you.
The corporate title.
The new sports car.
The key to the executive bathroom.
Tell them if you want to piss, you'll use the fire hydrant.
Thank you very much.
Because let's face it.
What we need is a master who offers us a new leash on life.
A leash with plenty of slack.
And that's it.

That slack master is J.R.
Bob Dobson, the Church of the Sun.
Deacons, do I hear a praise Bob?
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Yes, dear friends, he offers us a life without collars or invisible fences.
And with the help of his alien allies on X-Day, he promises not to take care of us, because
we don't care about that, do we?
No, no.
We have someone else we want taken care of.

It's the pigs and normals.
He's the one that we want taken care of.
And that's where Bob gets his coming handy, dear friends.
The moral to this little lesson, my friends, is simply put thus.
If you lie down with dogs, you get up with fleas.
But if you lie down with dogs, you get what you please.
Praise Bob!
Amen!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!

Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
The world as we know it will end in 19...
99!
Ha ha!
Things won't be the same no more, baby.
Danger, danger, you better stop it now, you better stop it now.
A danger, baby, you better stop it now, you better stop it now.

The world ends tomorrow and you may die.
This is another song I wrote over ten years ago.
It's become quite a favorite of the Church of the Subgenius,
although I've never performed it in person, live, anywhere before.
I'd like to dedicate this to a little friend of mine who's in the hospital right now.
A little boy named Billy Stoddard.
Little boy Stoddard is known as the saddest boy in the world.
A lonely boy went out one night and gazed up at the sky.
He felt so sad, so lonely, he gave this awful cry.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down you sauce man.
Take me off to space.
Stick needles in my belly, take centers off my skin.
I don't care as long as I live, it's sauce and pain.
I know that you don't take away this, but I'm a special case.
Come on down you sauce man. Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Turn your laser beams off and then turn the unit a race.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down you sauce man.
Take me off to space.
Come down you tiny robots with your little nipper claws.
You pale bug-eyed aliens with wide and clammy paws.
Don't care if you're some kind of ghastly thief without a face.
Come on down you sauce man. Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Turn your laser beams off and then turn the unit a race.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down you sauce man. Take me off to space.
Hey, can't open you little layers.
Let me join your crew.
Give me a knife and you bet your life I'll cut up cows for you.
Living is a servant's dream and death is our disgrace.
Come on down you sauce man. Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Turn your laser beams off and then turn the unit a race.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down you sauce man. Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down you sauce man. Take me off to space.
Now everywhere I look today I see these little guys.
With big round heads and pointed chins and big black shiny eyes.
Compared to what abducted me they're just pathetic fakes.
Come on down you sauce man. Take me off to space.
Whoa, take me off to space. Take me off to space.
Turn your laser beams off and then turn the unit a race.
Take me off to space.

Take me off to space. Come on down you sauce man. Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.


Come on down you sauce man. Take me off to space.
Well the sauce and everything must never flow.
But there's a problem here.
It's very frustrating to realize that the world is a mess.
But there's a problem here.
That some of you are not going to be going with us on the ships.
I look at you and I want you.
And you're not coming with.
You're not going.
You're not going to share your fantasies with us.
You're not going to allow us to do it right.
It's not going to happen.
Some of you are not paid members.
30 measly bucks and a belief in Bob now.
Who needs belief? You just need the 30 bucks.
Yeah but you know.
Bob gives really great.
Woo! 7 fans.
I'm not telling you what he's really great at because then I'll end up with 2000 people.
The day after X day wanting exactly the same thing.
I don't have the stamina for that.
I was just curious if you're going to start having missionaries like the Mormons do.
Well we call them E-missionaries.
And it tends to be more of a long range thing.

We're not trying to save anybody right now.
We're trying to impregnate them so that they'll have quadruple subgenius children later on.
It's a very different thing.
It involves genetic implantations and stuff like that.
And you know we're not trying to save hearts and minds.
We're not trying to convince anybody of Bob's message at this point.
You know if they're going to miss out on it, fine.
That's their tough luck.
You know Bob didn't say we had to save everybody.
He said we had to get everybody's money.
Right.
Subgeniuses come from a better world and they're going to a better world.
They descended from abominable snowmen and will evolve overnight on some evening in late 1998 into over men and over women.
It is an unbroken line of continuous change as opposed to that of pinks who are an evolutionary dead end and have been spinning their wheels as mere humans for the last ten years.
A million years or so.
Anyway I got so many beautiful memories of growing up.
Going to the subgenius summer camps.
Oh yeah.
Camp Slackajalacka.
Way up in the mountains where the authorities could never find us.
Yeah we'd be running around and swimming and building small incendiary buildings.

And we'd be using incendiary devices out of common household materials.
And I guess the one most beautiful cherished memory that I've got is when at the end of the day we used to gather around the campfire.
Listen to the snap, crackle, pop of the sizzling flesh of whatever human we'd managed to hunt down and trap that day.
And we'd sing us some of those good old subgenius songs.
Barney Boy, could you play us some of that good old subgenius music?
Arise the videotape that showed us.
Arise the radio shows that did.
It's time that we know that your loaders.
The saucers soon shall come.
The war shall fix the normal stone.
Thus the rise of the india can stand.
Come on.
As you moments come the war will haunt us.
Or shall lead us.
They shall draw.
Here's the final thunder.
The final conflict.
To the fire of evil space.
The church of lost of genius shall crush the human race.
Here's the final conflict.
To the fire of evil space.
The church of lost of genius.
Shall crush the human race.
The church of lost of genius shall crush the human race.
The whole sea miles have forebelled it.
Subgenius done all the damage.
No mortal power can forestall it.
Nor even a light of the sun.

No mortal power can through stand.
Who does'st permit the wzmyaddle not be bold всегдаadhp imnletty zam'finess aldno pasuz iwn tiedp л
Get out, all you birds, now.
Take our
batr甲

Thank you.
I show my grace.
Oh, Lordy, Lord, Lord, Lord.
Lord, love a duck.
Bob loves you.
Love Bob.
Oh, friends.
St. Kenneth Huey, friends.
St. Kenneth Huey, the amazing St. Kenneth Huey
at the amazing Seattle Divival.
It's, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, Lordy, Lordy, Lordy.
And friends, you can learn more
about the Church of the Subgenius.
Well, actually, it's too late now.
Who cares?
But you could have learned more
about the Church of the Subgenius
from this address.
Or, well, http://www.subgenius.com
or post office box.
That's, got that pencil ready, friends.
Bob at post office box
140306.
Once again, that's Bob
at post office box
140306
in Mighty Town, Texas
75214.
Once again, that post office zip code
is 75214.

75214.
Hey, just address that letter to Bob,
hold the envelope near your lap,
and drop it in the mail without a stamp.
It's all magic, and it's all real,
and it's all here.
It's now, and you better get used to it
because, oh well.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
guitar solo
This is Joe Satriani in the background.
Good night, dear friends.
Joe Satriani, and this song is called Surfing with the Alien from the CD by the same name.
Thank you.
This is Joe Satriani.
This is Joe Satriani.
