It'd be against my code of honor to borrow something and not pay it back.
I know.
As my grandpappy used to say...
The Self-Genius Power of Swag.
I don't even know why it bothers me so much, but it does.
I hope so.
Shut up.
From PR News in Washington, I'm suffering from dehydration and heat stroke.
Police in San Antonio, Texas are investigating what they describe as an apparent tractor-trailer
parked at an apparent Walmart.
PR reports on where the vehicle came from.
Chuck Schumer said Iran and North Korea.
Schumer said...
A strong PR News is nearly a clear message on behalf of the American people,
because Trump is Putin, but Russia is essential against Russia.
Turkey is in San Antonio overnight.
Turkey says PR News is permanent.
Palestinians say...
On Friday, officials say...
Israel says...
And officials say to praise the stabbings.
Pope Francis called for violence in Jerusalem.
Pope Francis also called for PR News in Washington.
And he finally was able to do so
with the sister of President President Donald Trump.
A week after Trump threw Washington gentle
victim Mueller- Buddha Jr.
He greatest failure.
it's raining I can make you eggs and ham
synchronize your swallowing or there'll be a traffic jam
where three conjoining acts meet up and share an Adam's apple
Intersecting planixes might get confused and start to grapple
What do you say, three-headed woman?
What are you keeping in those credenzas?
Could it be that dresser holds three different kinds of prescription lenses?
Tell me what you want and I'll glance
I'm gonna gladly obey
Gonna make sure you have a three-headed day
Yes, Bill, you're getting a stomachache
What now?
Now, why does Bill have a stomachache?
How come she got three heads?
She has three heads
How come she got three heads?
She has three heads
How come she got three heads?
She has three heads
How come she got three heads?
Feeling like a fourth wheel?
You got your own ménage à trois
It's more economic
Because you only need one bra
Let's take a walk to the ice cream parlor
I'll bring you bib that's got three colors
How do you do, three-headed woman?
How many hats are you wearing today?
What do you say, my three-headed woman?
Come and use my pillows in your three-headed way
Have a three-headed day
Have a three-headed day
Have a three-headed day
Have a three-headed day
Have a three-headed day
Have a three-headed day
Have a three-headed day
Have a three-headed day
Have a three-headed day
Who could possibly do such a thing but the Rudy Schwartz Project from their new album Postal Code for Ham?
Just think, if you have the whole album.
Welcome to Hour of Slack number 1600.
I'm Dr. Sinister, 88, and even though I'm still between radio studios and just sitting at my desk right now,
this is not a rerun, nor is it an X-Day compendium, but relatively new, sacred stuff.
I was missing my home base of WCSB Cleveland last Sunday, so I tuned and then called in to Dr. Sinister's radio synesthesia.
And that's coming up.
We also already heard titles, noises, and PR news by the great and hoary Lee Murr.
More coming, as will be some Bull Donna collage by Cool Hand Chris.
What we also have that's new is a visit to the porn shop by the new team called Subgenius Uber Women of Austin.
That being the good Dr. Boo-haha and the good...
Reverend Anna Monk.
Right now.
So what kind of vinegar was that that we saw?
Kangol.
Kangol. Yeah, but what is Kangol? What is a Kangol?
I've been wondering that myself.
I just, it's not like Kangols.
Is it like an exotic fruit? Is it part of an animal?
Is it the angle that a kangaroo makes when she's eating?


When it's bent its leg about to kick you in the face?
It's a Kangol?
Kangol.
How would you make that into a vinegar, though?
Kangaroo angle vinegar?
I don't know, but like there's a lot of stuff that I don't understand in an Asian mart.
Like vegetarian intestines.
That's weird. Did you see some in there?
Yeah. Yeah.
But they told me that guy would get better.
So...
Now they have actual vegetarian intestines in the, in the, they're like tofu shaped.
But, because you know, when I switch over to vegetarian food, the first thing I'm going to miss is looking like I'm eating intestines.
I'm going to miss the chewy texture of animal colons.
I'm just, you know, there's nothing like a, like a good vegetarian colon to make.
Honestly, I, I, they, they didn't like it.
They didn't look appealing.
They looked, they looked so much like regular intestines.
I also didn't want to eat them.
Yeah.
It did not make it okay.
I find that amusing is the vegetarians that want to eat things that look and feel like meat and taste like meat in their mouth.
It's like, why not just eat meat?
Right.
If I don't eat bacon, I'm going to miss it.
Well, yeah.
Yeah.
If you wanted it.
Then, you know, but why are you giving it up if you're, you know.
What about lab grown meat?
What about it?
Like, they, they, like a guy that grew his own, like a, grew a human ear and then like attached it to his arm and now he's like that art piece.
Well, aside from that, I mean lab grown meat for eating.
Oh, for eating.
Could they go?
No, because they've been doing lab grown meat for other purposes for years.
Well, they should start making lab grown human meat so we could.
You know, if the FDA is so up on approving like the growth of meats and other organs in the lab and like if it doesn't work out for like a transplant or something, why can't somebody eat it?
Yeah.
Fry it up.
I honestly think that there's some kind of weird black market when it comes to that kind of thing.
It's not just the morticians and the county examiner's offices that are like serving up cannibalistic cookouts and, you know.

And they're like, you know, upscale braised brain hideaway retreats or whatever.
I honestly think that somewhere out there there's a lab growing meat to feed to cannibals that think it's more ethical.
I mean, if you could grow a clone of yourself, would you eat yourself?
No.
Would you have sex with yourself?
Probably.
What kind of a question are you making?
Would you eat yourself?
No.
Like that?
Sure.
Sure.
I mean, why not?
Probably not, actually.
We'd probably just go and get somebody else to do it because we know how it is.
We like to be that lazy.
Oh, you and your clone would be fellow princesses together.
We are, yeah.
I think it was, as the great Pease once stated, you know, he was describing himself.
He wasn't describing me.
But as many subgenius might declare, I am a subgenius.

I am a selfish lover.
I think that the people that would pay money to eat lab-grown human meat would also pay
money to have sex with you and your clone.
I'm not sure if I would take it, though, because it's like a me time kind of thing.
I mean, what if they were really nice?
Me times two kind of thing.
What if they were really nice?
What if they were really nice?
Then why are they really nice?

Because they're really hanging around with me and my lab-grown clone.
Right.
Why the f-
Well, maybe because they're nice but also kind of creepy.
You know, there's like those nice creeps out there.
You like tolerate them.
I'm stalking you, but I'm leaving you gifts so it's okay, right?
And they're not severed cat's heads.
They're just, they're like journals so you can put your feelings down and then I can
read them while you sleep.
They're very thoughtful gifts.
Thoughtful and heartfelt gifts.
I saw that your can opener broke when I was watching you through the window, so here's
a new can opener I got you.
Oh my goodness.
I mean, it's, I noticed that you're left-handed so a left-handed person can also use it.
Here's your left-handed can opener.
Oh.
Signed, that person that watches you sleep.
Right.
I, yeah, I like, I like how we make the voices for the stalkers really, la la la la la.
But they're in real life.
They're like, I just got this for you cause I thought you needed it.
You know, like just, they're probably a lot more gritty and crass.
Maybe your stalkers are.
Mine usually sound like cartoon characters.
Actually, all my, all my stalkers just yell in sign language most of the time.
Oh really?
They leave me notes in braille, but I can't read it.
That's pretty cool.
Not really.
It's probably like death threats or something.
A death threat in braille.
A death threat.
Oh.
Is this ableist humor?
It is not ableist humor.
It's pun-tastic.
Yeah.
It's just, you know.
It's very punny.
It's just a pun.
I wonder, you know, I'm pretty sure that my deaf friends would think that that was also
rather humorous.
Yeah, but the deaf can hear.
They also threaten me on occasion.
Oh, I see.














I know.
They would, they would find it quite charming.
In sign language?
Uh, yeah.
Among other languages.
But I mean, everybody knows that sign language.
Mmm.
You know.
You put your index finger down, you put your middle finger up, you put your ring finger
down, and your pinky finger down, you put your thumb in, and you point it to the person,
and that's what it's all about.
Yeah, it is.
I think is the way the song goes.
I could be wrong.
Mm-hmm.
So, uh, are you, are you, are you, are you, are you, are you, are you, are you, are you,
uh, oh, no.
Thanks, Jeffrey.
Uh, so,
Ms.powerhouse, I'm, um, Bó Greensleeves


One, two prevents...
No, she just shows up because I'm not earlobe.
...so, uh, it's quite diezendana, very small.
I'm just, I'm trying to,


...the � amidst a generation ağá
It's nothing, just pinched, in a little...
...bucket of much cocker tour you put on fresh jeans.
Oh, that,
you put some haze in between my plötzlich
laughter you went to.
talking about i guess i don't think i've ever i'm gonna need you to stop talking about my mood swings
yeah no please don't i don't need you to talk about my mood swings but i was just reading
the ingredients since we were just in an asian market and it has asian medicine ingredients
mostly korean and chinese but there was some vietnamese stuff yeah like i don't know what
bai zu is i'd have to look that one up but i can look up what a kangle is yeah look up kangle
what is a kangle vinegar hold on a second we're gonna pause this for a second
and so we've been searching for the last half hour and we have gotten literally nowhere on
kangle by gum overlord animal i believe i have it what finally the discovery is nigh
what is kangle
vinegar it is black vinegar an inky black vinegar aged for a malty woody and smoky flavor
right okay that sounds really good but that makes but what is kangle well this one calls it ding ho
whoa what just watch your mouth there ding ho it's made from rice uh sorghum
and maybe a little bit of vinegar and then it's made from rice and then it's made from
wheat and millet is that what you do with millet uh yeah you can eat it you can eat it
it says that it has medicinal properties for good for lowering blood pressure good for so for it is
for cankles yeah can help out with those cankles the kangle for the cankles kangle vinegar for your
kankly kankly legs that is uh wow it's also called mature vinegar
it can be made from sorry sorry it's just mature vinegar this vinegar has aged that's why that's why
it's so dark is so you can't read the label of the vinegar that's inside it because it's for mature
audiences only oh yes mature vinegar it's like the bags that you get when you go to the porn store
the sex toy store yeah the porn and sex toy store because usually they sell them in the same store
they do and they give you a black bag not that i know of because i've never been
we never set foot inside any buildings with no windows that had pictures of half-dressed women
on the outside there's usually windows i only go i only go into ones that have windows very small
windows toward the top of the building i actually like full-on like here's huge windows you can see
me from the highway shopping bookstores bookstores in quotes
that's not that doesn't sound like a porn store i thought they made them like the one in the one in
our town that's right next to the highway doesn't have any windows on it so that way like the
you know the people can't see like the legislation in our town we live in the same place and it's a
city i know that what do you mean like we can go up the street right now and you want to go to the
porn shop yes of course okay so well yes we're animal overlord animal and dr brouhaha going to
the porn shop we'll be right back
the end of a perfect evening don't leave after all a girl likes to know you've had a good time
this same type of rot and decay caused 16 of the 19 major civilizations to vanish from the earth
magnificent egypt classical greece imperial rome all crumbled away not because of the strength
of the world but because of moral decay from within
when you think of two girls 16 and 17 years of age that leave school in their junior or senior year
and they want to get married then there's something definitely wrong
or take the case of the girl who finds herself in this situation
so i'm going to go ahead and get my
all right there dr brouhaha
overlord animal what an adventure i cannot believe we could get that we just spent a lot of time in
the porn shop or i'm sorry in the
adult
novelty video store bookstore it was a bookstore it's the adult adult books video novelty bookstore
i was uh honestly uh i i was impressed there's some new stuff in there yeah
i've uh i gave myself a bunch of hickeys with those weird sucking vibrators they have i i know i uh
i i got it i got it i got it i got it i got it i got it i got it i got it i got it i got it i got it i got it i got it i got it
to say for um for us just from being looky-loos to yeah yeah you got like being able to give
yourself hickeys with a sex toy it is a little confusing to me but um that's progress that's
that's science work that's science yeah oh man i'm gonna need to uh what's the word save money
yeah we're gonna not cheap we're gonna need people to send us money hickey and fessing things
yeah you can you can watch dr brouhaha give herself hickeys in various places on her person
if you send money to uh you know i guess animal house at gmail.com is paypal a-n-n-a-m-a-u-l-h-o-u-s-e
at uh gmail.com like that paypal and if
you want to send us money we're gonna need people to send us money
specifically state that it is for dr brouhaha's hickey fund
it will definitely go towards that i think how much was that we needed uh that one was 74.99
yeah plus tax though uh do they tax sex toys i thought they were like sure do i mean i'm sorry
educational models if we're teachers using them for education then they can't be taxed right i
thought there's laws against that there's not a form that they accept there in that store
i'm gonna have to get if you're using it for work
they will also not accept it the tax uh tax evasion form well there you have it folks that's why the
donations to the church yes are uh tax deductible donations to the church are tax deductible
therefore you can get a tax write-off on my vibrator purchase not a vibrator the educational
model the educational model the hickey machine hickey machine
it's a vibrating hickey giver i just want the one that looks like a little bunny rabbit but not the
not like the rabbits that everybody else imagines but like it looks like a cartoon bunny like a
cartoon rabbit like and you poke its belly to turn it on and it was like oh that would be great
if it made a little little pills i wait we get oh stop copyrighted giggles
tons of money
i would i would like a punsberry doughboys uh it was a little chub yeah that's right oh my god um
anyway um and for children listening at home we saw one that looked like bubble gum don't don't
chew don't chew bubble gum i honestly didn't uh for the life of me why does this gum taste like
rubber why does this silicone taste like dildo
um so yeah so that was a fun adventure and i'm so glad that you could
go on the adventure with me
to the adult bookstore i'm really glad you took me i'm very i'm very educated now i feel like i
learned a lot i thought i knew i didn't know and now i don't know what i didn't know but
i know what i know now i know that you can stimulate the prostate from two different angles
oh yeah now i know that the well actually many different multiple angles but also
not just from the interior but from the exterior from the posterior
and the anterior and the posterior of the posterior yes as it were
um yeah i didn't know these things because i
grew up in a very sheltered environment most of us did and that's why it's good to have these stores
regularly uh scattered across the american highways these days kiddos uh go and shop uh
shop locally yeah find your local adult video novelty and bookstore and frequent them ask if
if that product is right for you ask to see it
in action they they have to demonstrate it actually i mean but not they don't i mean not
like personally demonstrate they don't have to yeah they just have to turn it on they have to
well they don't have to turn you on they have to make sure that it can turn on there's no returns
or exchanges on these devices so yeah unless the factory specifically provides a guarantee
specifically because some of them do like cal exotics specifically
i think fun factory in germany's got like at least a year warranty or something yeah yeah
like if they blow i don't want one with a recall notice yeah if they blow up in your home you should
be able to get a refund for that but there's so many rechargeable devices now it is so impressive
like it'll save you money kids save it's like so save the planet yeah save your save your mind
you know and uh you'll have batteries in all your flashlights and remote controls
yeah when you need them yeah your your wii controllers and uh the the like all kinds of
stuff yeah we'll actually have batteries the double a's the triple a's a few of them nine
bolts or we'll stay in the smoke alarms and not end up but you know i gotta say the one thing
that's it's like you know how kind of disappointing it is when an annoying when you can't find your
phone charger yeah when you can't find your charger for one of these devices
yeah a little little annoying there yeah so but uh and they don't sell them side on they don't
sell yeah they're not like a cart yeah and they're not they're like proprietary like
phone chargers used to be so yeah maybe they'll make like universal models soon with those things
they do they do company-wide yeah models with the ones with magnetic attachments that are like the
two dots trying to avoid those kids that's uh you want to get the ones that have the insert with like
the the
jack the headphone jack the magnetic two dot ones the magnetic two dot ones are very specific and
if they're not connected just right um it it will and they're and they look like they could fit other
devices that have the magnetic two dot but it's really toy specific even within the brand
and so you're spending a lot of money on something that once you lose that little charger that you
will lose don't let your cats chew it up
seriously i've yeah anyway um if you want to play with your kitty don't let your kitty play with it
right okay so uh there's the uh definitely the ones that had to plug in jack style charger though
absolutely universal across the board um there's one that's a little longer than the other ones
and don't ask me how i know this but anyway but it still works well for the all the like across the board
you could yeah good times waiting to happen expensive times though well they're worth it
in the long run minimum 50 bucks i mean think of how many dates that you spend like 50 bucks
just on a date none i am a single lonely
see there you go you're not spending money to like go out and talk to another human being that might
um may or may not touch you in ways that make you feel like you're not spending money on something that's not
going to make you happy oh so yeah it's like i'm saving myself all that bother yeah just 50 bucks
bam like the one that i wanted the one with the little wool and the other
that thing was 150 bucks well okay so that's like at least a couple years that's some whiz bangs
that was like yeah to like a uh you know like a tv website or something yeah that was like uh
that's a couple years worth of entertainment so that vibrator better have
a three-year warranty on it it did vibrate it also went
but uh needless to say um we spent way too much time in that store we did we learned a lot
the sales uh sales representatives were very helpful they were super sweet
yeah and they kept running off to the bathroom did they i think one had a
her
nose itched a lot weird i wish my nose was itching
anyway i've gotta say good night dr brouhaha good night animal i'm gonna i'm gonna not stop at that
place on the way back home okay good for you or do if you want to okay
oh wow this is back in 1998 at the original x day
he's an ab discip how are you emailing these guys
man that's of several different time travel
dimensions ago the history has been fractured
since that moment so many times that it's absolutely impossible to keep track of which
time stream that we're on from that point but uh that's getting off into the scientific ends of
things. I just
I shouldn't stay on the phone
long. I was falling asleep
but I
was tuned in
and was listening to the show
and I'm happy to hear
y'all.
I'm happy to hear from you.
Things are going better here
at Stang Ranch. I had a
rough July
but I've kind of
settled in. There's sort of
a routine. I'm able to get
back to work and
it rained.
It finally rained
after six weeks.
All the colors
altered
in about 24 hours.
Everything was yellow
and brown. Suddenly it's all
green and purple and blue
and red and everything.
So
things
are finally looking up.
It's my main point.
I said you never really can trust
the conspiracy anyway.
You
can't trust yourself.
You
can trust the conspiracy.
You can trust it
to be stupid.
That's the one thing
you can depend
on with the conspiracy.
If they're going to do something,
it's going to be stupid.
That's
the
kind of in some
ways the definition,
I guess, of the
conspiracy, the conspiracy
of the normals.
They'll go for
what looks
like the easy way
out.
Oh yeah. Nobody listens
to the old prophet of doom until
it's too late. Mark my words.
You'll see
you kids, by God,
I'm glad I won't be able to do this.
I'll be around to see it.
Praise God, everything's
okay.
The spirit came back to me.
You'll have to leave me for a second.
Friends, if you
want to help the church at Subgenius,
you just take a good look at subgenius.com.
There's a button on that front
page. That's all I'm going
to say.
Praise
God.
Praise God.
But
I'm so glad to hear
to
hear one more radio
synesthesia with
Governor Rocknard calling in.
It's like, man, I've been
listening to this kind of stuff
kind of in the background while I was working
dealing with my show right
after recording it every Sunday
night for 20
years.
And
I
just
I just
I just had to say
praise Bob and thank
you guys.
I'm so glad that you
hung in there.
Yeah.
You know,
they ain't killed us yet.
And by some
weird twist of luck, we're not
dead yet.
Oh, as long as they can get work
out of us, they'll keep us alive.
No, especially the unpaid
work.
Oh, that's the best part.
Stuff we don't get paid for.
Oh, they love that.
Yep.
All right.
But it all comes
out even in the end.
The great
sand
dial of destiny and eternity
where everything
is equal except some win
and some lose.
Otherwise,
as said in
as said in the book of the
subgenius, stop sucking
on the finger and go
where it points.
That's it.
That was a good one.
And as
NTC, the rub genius
said.
Someday I will be
a large scar.
Okay, if we're lucky, that's what
we'll all be.
That's the best you can hope for
until the exes come and Bob's
promise rings true.
On that day, we'll see all
the disbelievers embarrassed
and we'll be the trolls
that go lolling
to heaven.
Oh, that's right. You know, honestly,
the best part about being
in with Bob is not
the fact that we get our own
planet
full of sex goddesses.
And get taken there on pleasure
saucers.
That's nothing compared to the joy
of watching all the pinks left behind.
Right, right.
It's it's it's
that's all well and good.
All that slack and
joy and sex
and orgasmic
radiation and so forth.
But the but
really, it's
that we want to see everybody
else burning in hell.
It's just like every other thing.
Every other religion.
That's what it's all about.
Yep.
That's the basic formula
right there for any religion.
Who are you going to get to watch
burn in hell?
That's right.
By the way, one more thing.
Indignation.
It's an addictive drug.
Butthurt is a drug.
I like to call it proctalgia
or proctopathy.
Ouch.
Oh, oh, hey, that's cool, man.
Hey, that speculum is cold.
Yes.
Pull it out.
Yeah.
I'm not a real doctor.
I just play one on the radio.
But because I play one on the radio,
I can't use a term like butthurt.
I have to use terms like proctalgia
or proctopathy.
Oh, OK.
Oh, well, but why
I agree. I think that's
you know, after years
of tossing deliberately
whenever I could.
I finally.
Speaking of.
Well, they do that in headlines
now.
Wow.
Dr. Brujaugh.
Geez.
Animal Mall.
Overlord Animal Mall.
That was quite an adventure.
That was an adventure.
I am.
I am taken aback.
I think I have learned new things
that I didn't need to know.
I've learned things that I
definitely needed to know.
And so, yeah, that
that was a thing that they
have. And there were windows at the
adult bookstore.
Just a couple of them.
But they were in the front.
Sure.
So they could see you buying stuff
if you were to purchase things.
But we didn't do that.
Yeah, definitely.
We didn't buy anything at all.
We had to save our money up because
that is an expensive place to shop.
Yeah.
They for the you got to spend
money to get the quality goods
there.
That is that is probably
true.
Yeah.
Well, a lot of rechargeable stuff.
Anyway.
They did have a clearance rack.
So.
They they I don't want to anything
that's on the clearance rack of an
adult bookstore.
I think that you might, though.
I mean, sometimes there's some really
nice leggings or like a lovely like
costume with like those
those those tails
had internal parts
and not not on not for them.
Anyway.
So so anyway.
So that was that was a great
adventure. And I'm glad we got to go
on that adventure.
And now, you know, you know what
I want for my birthday.
But besides that,
yeah, I think that I'm going to stick
to pastry cafes
and coffee shops
full of Korean and other treats.
Maybe bookstores without adult
novelties in them.
Yeah. Well, I want the the closest
I want is like a pillow that looks
like a log, but it's really a
pillow.
That kind of adult novelty.
I can deal with that.
Or maybe a pen that shaped like
they had like a little cat at the
very top of it.
And that costs,
you know, $17
for no good reason.
What about a cup that's like a duck
shape?
No, no, no, no
duck shaped cups. But the the ones
that look like lab beakers,
but they're just like
kitchenware.
You can't actually put them over a
bunsen burner.
You couldn't, they would totally blow up.
That kind of adult novelty, you know.
Yeah. Like martini glasses with fake
sharks in them.
A finger puppet of Freud.
Oh yeah, I like that.
You know, something to that effect.
Wholesome novelties.
But that adults would purchase.
Gorilla feet.
As opposed to the monkey's paw,
which was also an adult novelty.
But a fake hook for your hand.
A fake hook for your hand.

Like a pirate's hook.
A real hook for your hand,
because sometimes it's just that novel.
Oh my gosh.
Now I want to find out monkey paw,
where more we can get monkey paws.
I don't know if I need some wishes
to be coming true.
I feel like they're cursed.
There's aren't the monkey paws all cursed.
Aren't all wishes like, like zing?
Like, oh, you wanted to get a back rub.
Zing! It's by spiders.
I didn't want a back rub by spiders.
You know, or like, but it feels so good.
Oh, but now the poison's sinking in
and my skin's falling off because it's necrotic.
You know, but like, you know, or like,
I wish for a thousand more wishes.
And then it just like exponential wishes.
Because every wish has to be for more wishes.
But you get all these wishes,
but you don't actually use them for anything.
Because you keep wishing for more wishes.
For more wishes.
It's just like a time waste. It's just like a time waste.
I wonder if there's like a foolproof wish
that you could wish that wouldn't cause like a rift
in the space time continuum.
I wish to cure cancer.
But then like there's worse disease
or leprosy makes a big comeback or.
Yeah, where you find out that cancer is actually helping us.
Yeah, because like then the planet overpopulates
and no one has enough food.
And then like the, you know, the World Bank collapses
and it's anarchy in the street.
Actually, that sounds fun.
Yeah.
I was gonna say.
Yeah.
And there's already not enough food for everybody in the.
I mean, there is enough food.
We just don't.
But there's not in the right places.
It's true.
Too much food in one place and not enough in others.
And I got to say earlier when I was eating my blueberry puree filled
Danish square bun thing, whatever it was from the bakery.
Hashtag Danish square bun.
Octothorpe Danish square bun.
It was so good.
I was thinking it's like, oh, and there are children starving
in other countries.
And then I was like, so which country do you think of when you think of starving children?
Ireland.
Really?
Ireland.
That's the top of your list?
That's your go to?
Well, I guess like Belarus.
OK.
I'm thinking like Somalia, you know?
Yeah, I guess like Syria.
They're probably starting there.
Syria's probably having some problems over there with food.
I hear there's stuff on fire in Greece.
Maybe some of their food got on fire.
Maybe they're.
Yeah.
Maybe.
Maybe some of their food is on fire.
So they have less olives and olive oil to eat there because it burnt up.
Slowly.
Just very slowly burning away.
It's like a tire fire, but it's an olive oil fire.
That's I mean, those trees are really big.
They might take a long time.
Oh, my gosh.
That would probably take forever.
But I was thinking like, you know, I like the starving children of South American, you know,
country.
I'm kind of Costa Rica because I can sit on the beach and watch starving children.
That's always fun.
You could get them to get you food from the bar.
I know you didn't in front of them.
Yeah.
That's all.
I mean, you could give them a you could give them a bite.
They're starving, so you can't feed them a lot at once.
They'll still get sick.
So just let them have like a bite or they can smell it.
Have them on a drip feeder.
If they smell it, that'll give them like they'll be inhaling food particles when they smell it.
So that'll give them a little nutrition.
I just get mine from the air.
That's the flaky puff pastries.
Well, yeah.
All they really are is air nutrition.
So yeah, well, let's send them flaky puff pastries because that way I won't.
No, I'm just going to eat this one.
It's so good.
I mean, you'll drop some crumbs.
But I thought about them.
See, you did.
And that's that's important.
It's the thought that counts.
It's making others aware that there's a problem.
Mostly it's my.
How I'm dealing with starving children.
I'm doing it for the sake of starving children around the world.
Prayers are good, too.
I hear.
Oh, thoughts and prayers.
Yeah, I hear if you send them, you got to put them in the combo.
If it's just thoughts or just prayers.
No, you got to be thoughts and prayers.
Send both or it doesn't work.
Yeah.
Likes and shares, thoughts and prayers.
There's also you can send money to.
What?
Who does that?
You know, to your PayPal account.
Oh, yeah.
It's a and a m a u l a t.





H o u s e at gmail.com is the PayPal that you'd want to send that to.
That'd be cool.
We will not purchase any adult novelties or books, but we will buy.
Totally will do that.
Flaky pastries.
Oh, flaky pastries.
And eat them in front of hungry children.
Well, no, we'll share with at least one hungry adult.
I get hungry.
Yeah.
I need more pastries.
I mean, there's some kids on this block.
I could probably.
You're right.
I could probably give them a bite of my pastry.
I know.

They might want it.
What if they don't want?
That's the thing, though.
If you get one with nuts on it, kids hate nuts.
So then they won't want it.
They'll be like, oh, it's gross.
Which I did.
I got one with almonds.
Oh, that's terrible.
Kids find almonds just unpalatable.
I actually really liked the Jordan almonds when I was a kid.
Those things are terrible.
I was a weird child.
They're like.
I'm a weird adult.
I think they'll break all the teeth in your mouth.
They did.
They did.











I have horrible dental problems now because of almonds.
Because of Jordan almonds.
Yeah.
Because it's got like that rock hard titanium sugar alloy on it.
Oh, it's definitely something.
It's carterized the shell of the.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's dangerous.
It's like now that you husked your almonds, just coat them in lead.
Bite into that.
It gives it a sweet, crunchy shell.
Diamond crusted lead shell.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
That's the.
That's where all the enamel goes.
Anyway, I've got to go back across town past that adult novelty store.
I'm not going to stop.
I'll probably stop at that 24 hour bakery though now that we've mentioned that again.
And if your town that you're listening, pleasure out there.
If you don't have a 24 hour bakery in your town, you need to protest at City Hall and
demand 24 hour pastries.
Or just open one yourself.
Or open one because it's a really good idea.
Yeah.
It's, you know, butter is expensive, but flour is cheap.
And, you know, just mix it all together and charge them $8 each.
Yeah.
And in the morning you're going to want to have the freshest pastry.
So you're going to be there all night anyway baking.
Or somebody is.
Not you.
You'll be asleep in your money bed.
You can pay somebody else.
But you can pay somebody else pennies on the dollar to be there overnight because they
hate humans.
And they will make sure that the place doesn't burn down while baking and glazing more pastries.
Hopefully with the butter mixture.
But, yeah.
And no Jordan almonds.
No Jordan almonds.
Hopefully not.
Okay.
Well, good night, Dr. Brujaha.
Good night, animal.
So, we're going to take one more caller here right now.
You're on the radio.
Hello?
Hello, No Money Mark.
Welcome to the program.
Yes, I am calling so late tonight.
Well, hey, it's good to hear from you.
No, you're fine.
No Money Mark.
No Money Mark.











How are you doing, Reverend?
I have a question for you.
One of the pinks tried to co-opt the subgenii by trying to fake the invasion of the sex
goddesses.
They can't do that.
What?
Who was fighting this invasion?
The saucers?
I want to see that.
Yeah.
Sounds good.
Yeah.
I'm not sure.




It's nothing like the real thing, though.
You're talking about an actual physical invasion by UFOs.
Correct, Mark?
Well, what we were expecting and still do expect is a ... It's more of a mystical, metaphysical
thing that we can't even understand.
It's like you could say we were being beamed up into gigantic, sizeless flying saucers
but really it all happens on a level that humans could never possibly understand.
I don't pretend to understand.
Well, this is where all ... Yeah, I mean, this is a fundamental concept in all religion
and that is the use of metaphor to put it in terms that us puny humans can understand.
No, no.
This is all literally ... This is absolutely literally true just like the book of Genesis.
Well, one of the books of Genesis.
Yeah.


Well, you're saying that it's hard for us to understand what's really going to happen
when the pleasure saucers come.
Right.
But I was told that the pleasure saucers would come with the exists and the sex goddesses
in command and they were going to let me board their saucer and they were going to take me
to either Planet X or another planet in that system where ...
That's technically true.
Okay.
We don't actually know where ...
And Bob sold it.
I smoked it.
That settles it.
But you're saying here that the actual process, which as described is something I can very
easily imagine because I've been a science fiction fan since I was a small child.
Well, then you would understand that this is the one that you can't understand.
Which means that there's going to be something that actually happens.
The actual process of it is going to be beyond the capacity of our small human being.
It's going to be beyond the capacity of our human brains to truly comprehend.
A good example for this would be the HBO show, The Leftovers.
Are you familiar with that Reverend Stang?
No.
Okay.
The Leftovers is about what happens in a world where a rapture type event takes place and
2% of the Earth's population disappears.
That's the point.
And it appears in an instant.
And the rest of the world is trying to cope with the idea of the departed.
The sudden departure.
Left behind, man.
Left behind.
Right.
But it's actually more closer to the rapture itself, but it takes away the biblical Armageddon.
You're saying that HBO ripped off Left Behind?
Kinda.
I bet they couldn't even get Kirk Cameron to act in it.
Well, here's the twist.
In the series finale, in the final episode, it was discovered that basically this woman
who worked for the government department of sudden departures, where basically they were
trying to keep track of who got departed.
She found this group of scientists.
Who she thought was running like a suicide cult scam.
And they had built a special machine to where she was able to cross over to that place where
the 2% of the population went.
But for that 2%, it was a world identical to Earth, except for them, it was 98% of the
rest of the world that disappeared.
Well, Governor, former Governor, I'm not sure if you know this, but the former governor
of North Carolina, Governor Rottner, sometimes I get the impression that you live inside
the TV world.
Oh, I do.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I kind of, I have trouble identifying with that.
I'm old.
I'm still out in the dirt world.

And your generation was the first to have been raised with television as a thing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, the funny thing is the people, a generation up, hipster, you know, elder hipsters
that I respected would say things to me like, you guys, your generation is totally, totally
different.
You, you.
You, but the TV, you're not, you're, you're just not like us.
And I was going, oh, I, I still am.
You know, my, my family runs a ranch.
I mean, I, I go hiking and exploring.
I'm a survivalist, a naturalist.
And they're going, no, you don't, it's, I was going, no, no, it's the next generation,
Internet kids, they're the ones that are really cut off from reality.
But I've come to realize that, no, the kids aren't the ones that are cut off from reality.
To them, it's normal.
And there's some things I'll never understand and I don't expect to.
And I'm just glad I'll probably be dead before the last mountain gorilla dies.
You know what? I refuse to accept that I will just never understand some of these things that are going on in the world today.
I think the more you hear the thoughts of the people who are involved...
I think a person can understand. That's the whole point, is to try to understand it.
I think that we can understand it.
To relative degrees.
The problem is, all the monkey people understand it differently.
Well, but you can come to understand how they understand it.
Because it's not like their brains are made of different material than yours.
You know, they have probably the same number of neurons you do, or something very close to it.
They have a prefrontal cortex and a medulla oblongata and a cerebellum and all that crap, you know.
It's not like their biology is any different from your own, so...
No, and those things were hard won.
It took a long time for creatures to develop those organs you just mentioned.
To the degree that we have them.
It's...
I just sometimes I have to wonder if...
It's like, we got to the point where we can really understand it.
It's a fairly good perspective on...
The history of this planet, at least.
Well, you mean the history of our solar system.
But yeah...
Because humanity has existed in two different worlds.
The true earthlings, probably, you know, more than likely descendants from the African...
And Sub-Saharan regions.
And then the Martian earthlings.
The Martians had to escape Earth after they wrecked it.
And then they came to the Earth in the Mediterranean region, proclaiming themselves gods.
Yeah, that's household knowledge.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's...
You know, everybody knows that.
But that's still...
Everybody knows that, I think it's not until...
Before they were stronger, before they came from the east...

We're meeting all these people who...
We know they came to Earth to give us kind of an anxiety.


Yeah, you know...
And for more information about the Church of the Subgenius or this insane show, it's subgenius.com.
You'd be surprised.
And now to close, the song by the Rainmakers that I first heard, and only once, on Dallas Radio in 1986,
wrote down the band name, ran to the nearest Peaches, and bought the cassette.
Except, this was their breakout song back then, friends.
A little more popular in Europe than the U.S. for some reason.
Although this is a livelier version from the album Live in Oslo and Kansas City.
This is the song by the Rainmakers.
And now to close, the song by the Rainmakers.
A chair of gold
He tell the boys with the horns
To get down and go
They're air back
Aiming bells at the stars
They say, beat me big daddy
Hey, to the bar
I did not put you here to suffer
I did not put you here to whine
I put you here to love one another
And to get out and have a good time
Nah nah nah nah
Let my people go, go, go
Yeah
Let my people go, go, go
Let my people go, go, go
Let my people go
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Now Jesus went out for a walk with his mother
Scribes and the Pharisees, they're flaunting, hugging mother
They locked him up, they threw away the key
He said, why's everybody always picking on me?
I did not put you here to suffer
I did not put you here to hide
Which I hear to love one another
I didn't have a good time
Yeah
Let my people go IG and The Didn's
Yeah You gotta, baby, gotta
Let my people go
They ain't don't letting my people go
I'm sick and tired of feeling so bad and do I feel alive
That my people come here to have a good time
You're a pig, you're a man, you're a viper
Let my people go, let my people go
Let my people go
Gotta let my people go
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Give it fire
Give it fire
To move faster in London
The Dow is 39-21-614
The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled
This is PR News
PR comes from PR stations
