You know dear friends, there's nothing like being strapped by a big scrapping woman using her big red, red straps.
Or you know if you're feeling particularly bad and devilish, if you want the thrill of the forbidden, you might want to use those big green straps.
Oh, Bob wouldn't like that, now would he? But it would be so, so very bad. Yes.
What?
Yeah, you got all...
You got all the poison on this one.
You got all this crystal and this poison.
Oh, Kevin.
Thank you.
Hey, hey, hey.
Y'all quit.
No respect here.
No, you can go ahead.
The paper was just harsh.
You don't get any more. I'm sorry.
You're having a hard time.
It's all right.
I've had it much fun.
The Magnum.
Fun police.
I don't lose.
I'm sorry.
Can we see your fun license?
Take the ice pack.
Get the rubber sheets.
Take some heroin or some crack.
Oh, hey, your crack filled my heroin.
Your heroin filled my crack.
Well, did you crack all my heroin?
Your Tylenol filled my spider.
I remember back when all you needed was a few hundred land mines, a Dobbs hat and a few dull thick headed lads to mend the barracks.

And it was an easy time for a revolution.
It was an easy time for a doctor back then.
Ah, yes.
There was no end to the bones to saw clays.
Yes, you could scam for the best of them back then.
Sex hurts.
Sex until it hurts.
I'm gonna tell you.
Sex hurts.
Speak to us, Trinita.
Sex hurts.
Sex hurts.
Sex hurts.
Sex hurts.
Sex hurts.
Sex hurts.
Sex hurts.
Sex hurts and hemorrhoids are two different things!
Don't you know this is where your bad days are?
Don't you know this is where your bad days are?
Now
That's where the nanny made it
Now
And now
You won't have to wonder
When the ghosts are to stay
Ooh
You're looking at
The torch that you're in
Underwear
Excuse the man
I'ma really make a party
Well, I've been to the room
Because I'm dancing with a
Ladies and gentlemen
May I have your attention, please
When we leave this area
In a moment
Be sure to take along all your belongings
Including your imagination
Kill Bob
I know what you want
You want to kill Bob
You want to kill me
Oh
What about Slack
That's your key phrase
It will trigger the entire message
Without your being aware of it
And now
The Self Genius
Hour of Slack
Ahhhhhhh
Ahhhhhh

Ahh
Ahhh



Years ago
I started out broke washing dishes
And got promoted to be a bus boy
To support ten brothers and sisters
And a mom and a dad
Things are different now
I credit the whole thing
To Bob
B-O-B, B-O-B, B-O-B, B-O-B.
Well, I know you're not used to seeing me without my partner, Bob.
Bob is in jail, and he's doing quite well.
Been to the Betty Ford Clinic. He's different now.
Imagine that. You kill your whole family just because the devil tells you, you know?
Then afterwards, you go back to the devil and you go,
Yes, devil, I did as you instructed. I killed my family.
And then I chopped them up and put them in a duffel bag.
Here they are in a duffel bag.
I'll be burying them tonight at the shallow grave by the side of the railroad track.
As you have commanded, O Lord, host of the hoary netherworld.
Then the devil pulls off a mask.
It's me, Bob!
It's me, Bob!
Bob works in mysterious ways.
You can tell it's a spirit-filled revival.
But when the stage looks like this.
Blood, broken cameras.
Man, if I really wanted to do time control, I'd smash my radio show here.
Oh, and there goes the radio show.
But that's okay, because welcome, dear friends.
This is Hour of Silence.
Slack number 358.
The Subcon special.
Because last week was the Intergalactic Subgenius Convention in Chicago.
Sponsored by the Pope of Chicago, Michael Flores.
And Uberdominatrix, Pam Smith.
And although we have gotten a lot of excellent audio contributions from all over the place.
Whoa!
This month.
We're going to stick to tapes of that Subcon tonight.
Oh, yes, because I think everybody had a lot of fun at the Subcon.
But I know that I, I had more fun than anybody else.
It was a total all-slack gut blowout.
Just as promised.
It wasn't a real big crowd.
Maybe a hundred subgenius diehards.
But they came from all over.
There was one guy even from England.
And a bunch of people from Houston.
And from LA.
And Brian Anderson.
And friends from ZXQ Universe in Minneapolis.
And I couldn't believe it.
An Hour of Slack fan from Dallas actually thought it might be worth it.
Reverend Andrew Baggett.
It was so, so nice to see a familiar face there.
And I'll bet he'll testify that you.
That is, I'll bet he'll testify that you.

That is all the rest of you out there listening.
You really screwed up.
Because although it wasn't a big crowd, friends.
It was in some ways the greatest subgenius revival ever.
Mainly because of the unique combination of the swinging love corpses.
And Sister Mary squared.
Au contraire.
A hot, hot combo.
And it was hot in that bar that the devivals were in.
So we all had to shed as many clothes as possible.
Sister Mary, Sister Terry Terry, and me, and many other people all ended up performing in our underwear.
So it was visually arresting.
When I looked at the video, I couldn't believe it.
Four babe preachers, dear friends.
It did not look like the subgenius devivals of the past.
In fact, I would go on.
I would venture to say that the new subgeniuses are getting a vastly different impression of the church than in the old days.
Do you dare to wear your underwear on your head?
As Father Joe Mama has exhorted you.
Well, Sister Mary squared did.
And I would have.
I meant to.
But I forgot.
But it wasn't all devival.
There was this little theater in the trashy part of town.
Where most of the schmoozing and many rants and the video acid test took place.
Called the Prop Theater.
Which very shortly gained the new appellation of Frop Theater.
In fact, we changed the sign outside to say that.
Because that's just what it was.
When you first entered, the authorities in charge informed you.
Well, you can do soft drugs like pot and acid up front in the lobby in the theater.
But if you want to do crack or shoot up heroin or coke, you have to go to the backstage area.
Sorry, sorry, that's just our policy.
We had William Burroughs in here last month.
And the band that was with him was all young heroin addicts.
And one of the patrons walked into the girls' restroom and caught this kid shooting up in his butt.
So, I'm sorry we have to be so strict about it.
Hard drugs in the back only.
Now, despite this amount of permissiveness, dear friends.
I never saw any subgenius doing hard drugs.
Except for the terrible amounts of free beer that Pope Flores supplied.
A lot of free beer.
And no soft drugs either.
There was Frop, of course.
There was the various different kinds.
There was the Jesus Heroin Frop.
And the Buddha Amphetamine Frop.
The Jim Jones Cyanide Frop.
The Lobsang Rampa Cyril Hoskins Placebo Frop.
The Rasputin Hashishin Frop.
The Naked Desert Radioactive Undying Frop.
The Negi Toxic Waste Crack Frop.
The Outcast Bedouin Spore Frop.
So much Frop that we were squeezing it out of our lungs.
People were doing Stang Lung and Cleave Liver and Wellman Brow.
Which is like doing 40 Jane-er Tons in 10 minutes with the digital delay set on Bold Surrealist.
And the Sweat, God, and Pain knobs turned up to 10.
By the way, the God is measured on those knobs in ineffabilities.
That's what the little marks represent on that God knob.
Anyway, it was a party, dear friends.
We did what Bob said to do.
We did exactly what that man Bob said to do.
We had diamond cutters with shiny heads.
And the swinging meat Jesus was blessing us all the way on down the line.
We were, we warriors, dear friends.
We're dancing while proudly displaying our purpose.
We're dancing while celebrating our purpose.

That was the guys.
By the way, I should mention I see a lot of people recording our shows these days.
And most of them have much better tape decks than mine.
So if you go to a subgenius show and you have a good tape deck please send us copies.
Because your copies are better, probably better than our originals.
especially the love corpses and the watch smashing and the preacher babes oh
please oh please we can put such a wonderful little type together with that
so well I guess we'll just proceed on with these tapes and show oh I should
mention that princess we are doe graced the convention with her presence which
is a very electric presence because her princess we are doe uniform is sort of
like a space Viking Queen all lined and and livid with glow sticks and all she
all she has to do is strut around a subgenius event proving herself queen of
all the UFOs not just the little silvery ones or the big cigar shake ones or the
amorphous blobby ones all of them
all of them dear friend for we you know on X Day she shall regain her powers and
her other helmet horn light will resume blinking and on that day you better hope
you're on her good side boys so anyway this show will be a lot of my
favorite subgenius stars might my new Shur Disevz actually old hurt her añ
Along for thevale by Derral blades


Swinging Love Corpses Live, Sister Mary Squared, Au Contrere, and G. Gordon Gordon, the amazing G. Gordon Gordon, on the panel discussion, the conspiracy panel discussion.
You'll hear quite a bit of us discussing various conspiracies and levels of conspiracies.
And, of course, you know, I couldn't do a show without starring yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
And, of course, Joe Riley's lovely media barrage cuts as transitions.
Ah, yes.
The best song that we do.
Song number one, song number two.
The best song that we do.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, pretty baby.
Oh, pretty baby.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
It's the best song.
It's the best song you want to sing.
We want it to hit you.
We want it to hit you.
We want it to hit you.
We want it to hit you.
We want it to hit you.
We want it to hit you.
We want it to hit you.

We want it to hit you.
Oh, pretty baby.
It's the best song.
It's the best song.
It's the best song.
It's the best song.
We want it to hit you.
We'd like to do that one first, just to get it out of the way.
We'd like to do that one first, just to get it out of the way.
We'd like to do that one first, just to get it out of the way.
We'd like to do that one first, just to get it out of the way.
We're all grown, we're all grown up men.
We're all past the age of reasoning.
We're all past the age of reasoning.
It is our time.
Long be us.
Yet you still ask.
We are going to save the universe.
We are going to save the universe.
We are going to save the universe.
Wow!
Yes, I am!
Oh, come on, we've done it!
Huh, it's all right now, we're going to save the universe.
We're going to save the universe.

Why do we still want this world to go on and on and on?
We have the results, just don't forget, don't worry!
Show us!
And no.
Oh, without front teeth no one is.
We don't deserve to leave, we feature not for us, we are too far.
guitar solo
guitar solo
Don't you worry
Don't have no fear
Don't get up tight
Because the end is near
We can't fail
We must learn
We must learn
We are more than a band
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
This time!
This time!
In a little Ziploc baggie
In a little Ziploc baggie
In the whole universe
We got it all saved
We got it all saved
Down on your knees
I'm a stock genius
I don't have to paint this grass
I'm a stock genius
I don't have to paint this grass
I am saved
I am saved
I am saved
I am saved
I am saved
Gave that air ball
Hail Cognac
Hail Cognac
Hail Cognac
Hail Cognac
He may be dumb, but God he is cute
Praise God
Praise God
Well, it's a real pleasure to be here
I ah, I've been looking forward to this
having been in the church too long
I discovered the church about a year ago
and I thought, first things first
you get to know me a little
I hope to get to know some of you a little
Oh yeah, oh yeah!
Oh yeah, oh yeah!
I know you're pushing shop and it's lucky fun, but you might just be lucky.
And hey, I'd rather be lucky than good any day.
So I thought I'd tell you how I came to find the Church of the Subgenius
and introduce you to the other priestesses and priests that are among the audience today that I came up with
and who brought me to the Church of the Subgenius.
I did not know Bob.
I had no idea who Bob was.
Yet when I was little, I felt as though I was from another planet,
as if I had been put down into this body.
And somehow I wasn't like the rest of the people out there.
They were weird.
You couldn't talk too loud because you might hear the people come off.
And you couldn't walk too proud because then they'd realize.
That's right.
I'm a woman.
That's right.
I'm not just a woman.
I'm a wall man.
I'm a sister of the Yeti and I am proud to be a member of this church.
But I wasn't always this proud.
Before I met Bob and before I hailed Connie, I was deprived of my individual freedom.
I was sick.
It was.
I was a member of the.
I was a member of the Yeti cult.
I beat myself into unconsciousness.
Stick me in the third eye.
I am dumb.
Tried all kinds of religions.
Tried all kinds of ways.
And the only thing I could find was a power game.
Tell it.
A name that I didn't know the meaning of yet.
But somehow deep inside my soul I knew it was mine.
Because my mind bent and twisted and turned and went in ways that no one could possibly dream of.
So I was merry, merry.
on the contrary but no, Bob, dammit, that was too easy.
So I became Mary squared, all
contrary. Tell it, sister.
Mary to the second power, on the contrary.
The virgin and the whore all rolled into one.
Praise the ovary man.
I found Bob, I found
Bob, and I found Connie, and Bob
introduced me to the church. I had my first religious experience in the church
with Bob. Praise Bob. And along with Bob I found
the pagans and the witches and the beat-dickin'
semi-deities that walk and talk among us today.
I enjoyed that ride. It was the jerks that got me.
I got to break this conspiracy. What I have here is a photograph
of a UFO being tested by Nazi officers
in World War II.
I attended the UFO Congress in West Berlin. I've been living there for
17 years and I'm also the sole representative of the Church of the Subgenius in West Berlin.
And I attended this UFO Congress and there was a speaker there whose main subject
was extraterrestrial conspiracies on his planet. And he claimed that the
Nazis were the first. Well, he could probably go back thousands of years,
but as far as our history is concerned, the Nazis were the first to actually make a deal with
the graves and that they had this souped-up technology in exchange for human lives
which they needed to experiment with. This is proof. Jews. That's what the Jews were.
And that's one reason why when the U.S. won
World War II, they hired all of the main
Nazi intelligence people and scientists. Thank you very much.
Yes, thank you.
We have found that there are certain
forms of a very advanced technology which involve
energizing with forces that we don't normally associate with
energizing machinery or equipment. They have found that the
sudden dissipation of the life force out of the human body
can be used for various other means.
And this is part of the really big conspiracy that I love to hate.
Basically, you must envision the universe as a food chain
in which different levels of energy are consumed by more
advanced forms that eat the forms below them.
Whether it's animals eating grass, carnivores eating meat,
animals merely absorbing liquids. But there is also a whole
spectrum of energy, the psychic spectrum, which can be used
for energy forces. The Aztecs had found this out.
The release of human life through massive, massive ritual sacrifice
can provide an energy level release that will power
technology, that will power psychic technology. The Nazis were
working on the same project. And this is the same project that is even
to this very day being experimented on in certain levels in parts of
Central America, in Guatemala, in Costa Rica, where these guerrilla
forces supposedly clash with government forces and bodies are
left behind. It is not a war for land. It is not a war for territory.
The universe right now is a war for energy. The energy resources
of our universe are limited. The life forces are varied and exist
on enormously different levels. And I want to tell you that we are
about way down in the bottom of the food chain in the world.
We are in the galaxy. And the things that we really should be
talking about is not the cheap bullet of politics here on Earth,
because it doesn't matter. What we should be thinking about is the
things that threaten us from the outside, the things that manifest
themselves as old flying saucers or super sonic creatures from
Hollywood or Jim Jones or anything like that. The point is that there
are a lot more scary things out there than George Bush or Bill Clinton
or Ross Gay.
Or Ross Perot or Saddam Hussein or Bob Dobbs for that matter.
Human anguish is a very high priced drug among the elder gods.
The elder gods will pay top dollar for the right quality of human anguish.
John
Johnson
bone.
Basically,
it's because he has a lot of natural Antarctic evenly.

The week was very wild
Stay inside I open the door
See the cobblers in the corner there's dust on the floor
We close the door the boy has a bonner
It's our house, six to the bonner
It's the hideous house where we belong
You can never leave
Things going on but you can't believe
Down in the desert you can hear the scream
Ready to wake like a bad dream
But what you see is no illusion
You can only draw one conclusion
I think the truth is they don't die
Thinking like a star when you leave your life
It is how, man, where we can be found
It's a hellish house, it's a whole dream
It's a hellish house
It's a hellish house
It's a hellish house
It's a hellish house
Woo! Woo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
You can never leave
There's things going on that you can't believe
You'll adore the floor and the fauna
To us our house is next to Nirvana
Home to the strong man, music to sing
Go on, make the go to the wall of this city
I speak to you, man, take your time
Make it like a song, you'll be alive
It's a heady ass house, it's well and good and all
It's a heady ass house, it's well and good and all

It's a heady ass house, it's a home sweet home
It's a heady ass house, it's where we belong
It's a heady ass house, it's a home sweet home
It's a heady ass house, it's where we belong
It's a heady ass house, it's where we belong
It's a heady ass house, it's a home sweet home
It's a heady ass house
It's a heady ass house
Hey, turn this guy around.
Turn this guy around next time.
I want to see his back popping like that on this side.
Turn around the next song so we can enjoy your lively antics there.
This audience member with the double-jointed shoulder blade.
Wow.
Seriously double-jointed.
Bizarre-looking mutant.
Great dancer.
I never saw a shoulder blade man before, you know.
That's kind of a new one.
Hey, but wait a minute.
You need to punch that big zit you got on your back, though.
This really looks bad.
It's a really nasty white one back there.
Ah, just kidding.
We better get back because it will be dark soon and they mostly come at night.
Mostly.
I need your money as a dwelling place while I am here on your earth.
Where do you put it?
You got a hollow leg?
It exists in almost every city and hamlet in the country.
And you must stand united on this and stamp out this frightful assassin of our youth.
Because it is only through enlightenment that this scourge can be wiped out.
The point is, as Charles Ford said, we are property.
And the free rent control days.
The early universe are over.
And what it boils down to is, is this planet a paying proposition for the exes?
Can there be something of value?
Otherwise, should we just render it down?
And Bob is the person who can negotiate the difference.
As I said, it's either a hell stuck ease on some side of the intergalactic highway,
or perhaps it is a little green planet of the clocks where the souls of subgeniuses are farmed
and ecologically conserved to feed the elderly.
And the only way to do that is to make the gods of the earth and the gods of the earth
on a rational, slow basis.
Earth farm one is what we live on.
That's what the exes call it.
And that's the best scenario.
Yeah, that's the best possible scenario.
We're not even talking about worst possible.
Worst possible?
No, stupid law of the earth.
Well, the worst possible is if the Yakutism end up with us.
In which case?
I'd like to mention one of my favorite conspiracy theories.
Yeah.
And you know, conspiracies always imply, oh howdy y'all, conspiracies always imply that
it's secret knowledge.
So let's lay to rest a conspiracy theory that has become as popular as smiley faces.
JFK.
JFK.
I believe that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone.
Yeah!
Which Lee Harvey Oswald?
Six foot two blonde Lee Harvey Oswald who walks over to the Russian Embassy in Mexico City.
Five foot ten Lee Harvey Oswald.
Or was it the Lee Harvey Oswald with the backboard shadows?
Okay, one of the three.

One of the Lee Harvey Oswalds acted alone.
That's a good way to sum up the Kennedy assassination in one sentence.
One of the Lee Harvey Oswalds acted alone.
No doubt many of you do not believe that these things do happen.
But they cannot happen to you.
You may also believe that the facts have been exaggerated.
Let me tell you of something that happened right here in our own city.
All my indicator lights are green.
Watch what you're doing.
We saw a flying saucer come down.
You know, like on the TV.
Can this be the threshold of inner space?
Ladies and gentlemen, this is our McDonnell Douglas Mission Control Room at Disneyland
Spaceport.
The Director of Operations has been expecting you.
And while we're waiting for our flight to be called, he'll take a few minutes to describe
what's going on.
At the side post up ahead, your next stop.
You're next.


BOBS..........

Bog-bob's place.
I have too much yay in me.
There are many things in this crazed and confused world today.
Confusion is rampant in the minds of us men, or rather women.
In fact, while one person is swearing to one way of life,
another set of ideas entirely separate may be swimming around in that person's head.
Why, even in our own church, yes, even here, there are those among us who profess to be subgenius.
They even act like us,
but
oh,
au contraire.
Inside their blank and confused little minds, there are time and order.
They are the ones who are the most
Well, mankind's knowledge and woman kind too,
with your bottom lines how many people you through.
Working your way to the head of the path,
by cheating, deceiving, and making a class.
There are just a lot of people who think like you,
who want a jatuzzi and a room with a view.
Who act like stupid and makes you feel black,
and big tips and a douche look black.
Of course you're a sester and your man's won't clunk,
as long as she puts out, you come home drunk.
She thinks you're garbage and you think she's scum,
you'll both be content if your man's a cop.
Music
Whoa!
Boy, that was a good one.
Boy, the end of tape comes quick there.
You've been listening to Subgenius,
the world's Subgenius convention,
some recordings from there.
The Swinging Love Corpses is the band that we've been hearing
and will continue to hear.
And Sister Mary Square there preaching in her slip.
Oh, what a sight to see.
In a very hot, I mean, temperature-wise, hot club.
I think anybody who has followed the election
over the last year or so knows that for the first time in history,
the conspiracy has failed.
The conspiracy has put up the most odd,
only 30% of registered voters are voting.
Therefore, I think it's time to fire the conspiracy.
Yeah!
We're not loose, sir.
We're not loose.
We're not loose.
Yeah, we're not loose.
We're not loose.
I'm saying it's time for the Church and the Subgenius
to become the cult to become the ultimate conspiracy
behind all others because they're blowing it.
The CFR, the Illuminati, fire them.
Kick them out.
Raise their rent so high they go to labor.
That's Pope Michael Flores talking.
but go ahead it's not gonna say fire the Illuminati go ahead the Illuminati they're out
well actually I think the Illuminati should uh they're the best alternative to chaos right now
the way the system is set up I think the Illuminati I think what would happen if we didn't
think what we have the Arizans running things everybody just be throwing things in the other
all you know you wouldn't you wouldn't have a good organized war there'd be no good weapons
systems it takes a certain amount of organization to bring out the tea garden yes yeah Larry or that
go that go remember that go for a miniseries that miniseries that was so cool it made it
seem like it was almost like real
the conceptual thing you know it's like when Orson Welles before the world you see
this is what it's for it's for testing that's what we you won't see a major war now you will
only see them small wars designed to prove the efficacy of weapons
systems that can then be turned around and sold at a profit to people who want those
weapons systems in case the same thing happens to them we no longer have two nations fighting
one another by building up nuclear arsenals we now have three major weapons markets competing
against one another throughout the planet for everything from small arms ammunition up to
air-to-air interceptor missiles and that's what it's all about the military-industrial complex
does exist it has existed and as long as monkey men have opposable thumbs and believe that the real
solution to anything is to pick up something heavy and beat with it you will continue to have weapons
and that's you know like if you want to talk about a big conspiracy then you should talk about the
commercial conspiracy which families and which banking companies sell arms where they sell arms
how much technology that our government licenses to other people to make
cheap weapons for how many generations have they been selling the F-16s to China
the guy
5,000 people at work they sold 150 you ever see that allowed the Russians to sell the
Sukarevs to China and get part of the cash money on their deal all of the arms deals are agreed ahead
of time there's no free market in arms the world's divided up you sell 115 X-16s over there the Eastern
block used to sell mix over there
you sell small arms here
cash flow
it's all cash flow
all history is nothing but a big cash flow chart
if you'll notice if you notice it started off with the Granada it was small then we went to Panama it was a little bit bigger and they get just a little bit they get it worked out you see and the Gulf War it's sort of like they're getting it
it's gonna be like it's like the Olympics it's like the Olympics every four years you have a commercial war you got more money on it than you would on NFL football
you just don't see the names matter
McDonald Lockheed
Ling Tamco
Graham Coat
all of those names
they're working it all out they get the details out once they get the media hooked in just right you know it's commercial
we want the Super Bowl dammit
yes
I want to see the
the Super Bowl of wars
let's see the Millie score if it'll fall apart
yeah
last for miles
what about the
the
what
the sports conspiracy
the sports conspiracy
what's the sports conspiracy
isn't it true that the sports conspiracy is a conspiracy?
the sports conspiracy is a conspiracy
to keep us out of the front
to keep our attention
of course
money money
it's all a circus
it's all a circus
to keep you deluded
to keep you stupid
and to keep you thinking about nothing else
but either your stomach
your genitals
or which part of your body may offend someone
that's what American culture and television is all about
to sell you a line of cheap shit
you should worry about how you smell
whether you're wearing the right armpit deodorant, whether or not your stomach is going to get you through the day.
You are being trained to feel uncomfortable about yourself. You're being trained to hate yourself.
They're numbing us with television so when they finally take over, it's like, hey, we see this on television every day.
Why the hell should we do it in real life? They think it's all real life. They create real life through TV sometimes.
Well, television is real life. They're trying to create real life.
It's all a matter of disempowerment. What they want you to do is they want you to pull the veil over your eyes and believe what is going on around you.
If you do what you want to do, then they say, hey, you failed somewhere, bud. You did something wrong. You want to do what you want to do.
We want you to do what we want you to do. And then what they want you to do is they want you to fight them because basically if you fight them, it's an impossible battle.
Yeah.
You lose.
Whereas if you turn it on yourself and fought the aspects within yourself that made yourself a more capable human being in control of the areas around you, you would have stronger effect on people.
And that's the only thing that you can do.
I'm not saying.
The problem with fighting the conspiracy is it's sort of like we're like mosquitoes trying to buzz a colossus.
And it's sort of pointless in that the colossus already has malaria.
Yeah.
What if you sing them in the eyes?
Oh,
the.
Promotions received when you kiss a blast off to self reinforce what you think you are.
You're not worth as much as a turd to me.
You played my on coast and it's all I can see.
Call me a sinner and call me a whore.
Don't change the truth that you're still a whore.
What's the difference between you know that you need to feel by the lies that you need.
I think.
And judges and some events like this, it was on you know on the bull Keith.
I don't know.
Yeah.
But I agree.
Okay.
So you were in.

Yeah.
Remember his life?





Go,

guitar solo
Connie, it's not that Connie is smarter than Bob, it's just that she's wiser.
She knows where she's going, she just doesn't know quite how to get there, that's all.
But then the curve is always mightier than the sword, and if you can't get straight, you can always go around.
Woo!
Woo!
Heal me!
Oh!
Sister!
Sister, do you need to be healed?
Heal me!
Do you need to be healed?
I need some healing!
Oh!
Connie will give her some healing, she will give him some healing and some good soul,
because Connie knows the words to techno magic.
Time plus money, and preferably someone else's money, your money, if you give it to this church, equals slack.
It's a very simple concept, too.
Understand, but few can really put the words together.
They keep beating themselves into unconsciousness, stick themselves in the third eye.
They are dumb.
You see, you can't avoid the noid, but you can annoy the void, and reach into any situation, and pull yourself out by the bootstraps.
Oh!
Woo!
Woo!
Bob has been drunk so many times that he didn't think he could give it up, but when he gave it just that little bit of try,
it didn't take much to get him up and going.
Second coming, hell, that's for Jesus.
Third, fourth, fifth, sixth coming is for Bob and Connie.
They're coming all the time!
Right?
Swelling gushes!
Woo!
Anyway, so, let's see, where were we?
Oh, we were talking about techno magic.
Now, in order to understand techno magic, I have to take you all through an initiation.
Is everybody here ready to be saved?
Yeah!
Is everybody ready to be healed?
Yeah!
Alright, well, the first thing that we have to do is get rid of our bull.
And it's a very simple process, but few people know about it.
Reverend Dennis Murphy from the Cult of the Living Bull developed this.
And if I can have everybody just stand up from where you are.
Don't have to make a big deal about it.
Just stand up and get up nice and relaxed.
This is kind of like reading a book.




The new laws of the now section of our church.
And you just close your eyes.
When you close your eyes, just listen to what I have to tell you.
First, I'll tell you what bull is all about.
You see, everything that has ever gone into you, or ever will go into you, is input.
Right?
Right.
And everything that has ever gone out of you, or ever will go out of you, is output.
Huh!
Simple enough to agree on.
Now, the stuff that gets caught in between,
is bull.
And you need to get rid of that.
So, we're going to take three deep inhalations on your first breath.
I want you to visualize everything that has ever gone into you.
Anything that ever will go into you.
Anything that you ever wished to go into you.
Take a deep breath.
Ready?
And hold it.
And let it out.
Ahhh!
And on the second inhalation, I want you to think of anything that has ever gone out
of you.
Anything that's ever shot out of you.
Anything that's ever spewed out of you.
Anything that you've ever wanted to get out of you, or intend to get out of you in the
future.
And take a deep breath.
Ahhh!
And hold it.
And let it out.
Ahhh!
Ahhh!
You're getting aggressive with the concept of extra meditation.
I can see this.
Now, on the third inhalation, I want you all to think of something that's going to go
into you.
I want you all to think of everything that has ever gotten caught in between you.
Pieces of chicken in your teeth, your brain in your head, anything that's been dying and
just ripping to get out.
And I want you to take the third inhalation and hold it real tight.
Ready?
Ahhh!
Now, at the top of our lungs, we're going to scream, bull!
And let it all out.
And scream as loud and as loud as we can.
And to the windows break.
Are we ready?
Yes.
One, two, three, bull!
This is a song about...
This is a song about those kind of problems that young men have.
No, it's not.
It's about problems we all have.
The call on everybody, stick your finger in your nose.
Pick up your phone.

Pick a burger out and wipe it on your clothes.
I don't know how you feel one way or another, if it makes you happy, then wipe it on your
brother.
So you're driving in your car and you're looking at your neighbor, minding that kid's
so misnastical it's like he's savoring the labor.
He's pulling, he's tugging, he's taking on his thing, it's a lonesome thing.
Still connected to his brain.
Pick a burger!
Pick a burger!
Pick a burger!

Pick a burger!
Everybody's doing it, picking it and chewing it.
That's a pile of horse manure, son.
Would you rather have somebody like George Bush or Bill Clinton telling you how to live your life,
or would you rather have somebody like J.R. Bob Dobbs?
Now let's talk some extended family values here.
Let's start building up some marital contracts between these countries,
because if I bet Omar had a good tantrum once in a while,
he might have his head screwed on a little bit straight,
and it would eliminate all the problems, reduce them to domestic affairs.
Who gives a what's going on in the family?
They can beat it out amongst themselves.
Well, hey, like I was saying, that's real family.
Hail the...
Hail the...
Subgenius fully extended nuclear family.
Right.
Kill the drummer.
Kill the drummer.
There you go.
Now I recognize it.
Don't you go dancing with your blue jeans on.
You better wear...
You better wear leather or maybe nylon.
You won't have to walk the street because I can see.
Looking at the board.
Oh, yes, dear friend.
Oh, yes, dear friend.
The swingin' love corpse is taking us out of the show here.
But I need to pause here and explain to you all that you've been listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
And we've been visiting the Subgenius World Convention in Chicago last week.
And we've been visiting the Subgenius World Convention in Chicago last week.



On tape tonight.
And, oh, there's so, so much more.
We've really just begun.
That conspiracy panel discussion gets real lively in the second half,
which we'll go into next week.
And, of course, more of the swingin' love corpses and all those beautiful things.
But in the meantime, if you have questions about just what sort of a religious broadcast you're listening to,
you can write us for free information.
You can write us for free information.
If you've got to give that post office box number, got your pencil ready,
just write to Bob.
Bob won't actually get it.
He's our guru.
He's unapproachable to trash like you.
But we'll certainly send you some free information.
If you write to Bob at post office box 140306,
Dallas, Texas,
75,
2,
1,
4.
Once again, that's box 140306,
Dallas, Texas,
75,
2,
1,
4.
Ah, yes.
Yes.

Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.

Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
This is
one of two
videos
that
I've










absolutely
wonderful
on
Instagram.
We're
going

have




what
all
The doctors will cut into your third nostril,
opening it up
to reveal to your tiny brain a new dimension,
a new dimension in horror.
Monsters become real.
Oh!
And you can see it's her women's clothing.
It saved my life.
It saved my life.
And it can save your life, too.
It can save your life.
Now, the second thing we need to do is grounding and self-censoring
because, as we all know, there's no place like our egos.
So I want you to think entirely of yourselves
and begin chanting,
and just become so completely stuck up inside your head,
stuck up inside your head,
that you begin to believe that you are a channel
for the true forces of Bob and Connie
to come through.
And they're down and laying up on top of your head
like a flying saucer
because, hey, you're supposed to be chanting my name.
This is my chant.
There's no place like my ego.
Oh, God, you are true believers.
I hail you.
I hail you.
Okay.
Now that we are all truly grounded
and caught up inside our heads,
and now,
now that we've gotten rid of our bull,
we can fully admit that what's going on within us
is going to go on without us,
whether we like it or not,
so we'd better happy up and have a good time.
So get ready to get rid of our chickens
and look at all absurdities and say,
we are an ugly religion.
We are, we pick our noses,
we pyro-flagellate to the gods,
and sex is messy.
Now, praise the messy sex.
We're just an old parishioners who just walk among car representation and

We've just gotindustrial домой
Rememberh 첰
Do you know the если
Can you change the logo?







eh,
No, I gotta change the logo.
Don't break the qualifiers.
You better.
© transcript Emily Beynon
