We interrupt our normal programs as requested by the government.
Normal broadcasting will now be discontinued for an indefinite period.
The power of slack will be broadcast in most areas on your regular radio receiver.
I repeat, normal broadcasting will be discontinued for an indefinite period.
Remember, your enemy controls electromagnetic radiation.
Radiation, radiation, radiation, radiation, radiation, radiation, radiation, radiation, radiation.
Make sure you're prepared.
The Bible prophecy is a very, very important subject for every Christian to study,
to help you better understand current events, to put things in perspective,
and most importantly, to help you have that inner peace of knowing that God is on his throne and in control.
Oh, I like to go to the lake and fly to the lake.
And people will have a number in their hand and in their forehead.
Someone with a lot of energy.
Okay, your code number once more.
237.
237, you're calling from Dallas.
Okay, thank you.
Hi, you're on hotline.
Yes, my code number is 237.
Amen.
Amen.
We're living in turmoil.
Fearless.
Chaotic times.
Praise the Lord.
And these times are not going to get any better, my friend.
Amen.
They're going to get worse and worse.
Doctors warn.
It's going to be a sad time.
Amen.
When Jesus comes back.
If we're not walking by the same rules.
And minding the same.
Things.
So many people are confused about it.
And got their own theory about the way they see the word of God.
But I...
All the signs point to serious health damage.
All the signs point to thousands and thousands and thousands of cancers and birth deformities
and miscarriages and awful health problems.
Both sides will be destroyed regardless of who starts it.
The minute you have another war, there's not going to be any war left, I don't think.
Because we're going to blow one another to pieces.
Peace on earth.
Peace on earth.
Peace on earth.
P-O-E.
Purity of essence.
I give my vote for Jesus and I thank God for you and Brother Robinson.
Because in this day and time, we don't know what we're going to come to.
Are you familiar with the government prepared cancer maps?
There's not going to be anything left for the kids.
I mean, there's not going to be a world left.
And we're all going to end up digging our own holes.
And as soon as we dig them, they're going to fall in on us.
And we're all going to end up digging our own holes. And as soon as we dig them, they're going to fall in on us.
I don't think anybody would know what to do.
Even possibly the president.
So we're still going to be hiding this stuff underground.
I personally feel that the president of the United States is evading the issue of hazardous waste in America today.
He's with Wonder Woman and her incredible powers of strength and agility.
At 6, it's Kirk Spock and the crew of the Starship Enterprise.
And the only cult they want to talk about is the subgenius foundation, the church of the subgenius.
And the only reason they talk about it is for the money.
We're going to go to the phones right now.
Good evening. You're on KFJZ with Mr. Opinion and Dr. Philo Drummond and the Reverend Arnold Stang, Ivan Stang.
I have a question for Mr. Drummond.
Yes, go ahead.
Are you Mr. Drummond?
That's right.
I'm calling from Dallas.
What's your question?
Well, do you work on spiritual problems or do you just work on wallets?
We will help you out spiritually.
Of course, it helps if we can have some financial assistance.
We sell $10 memberships.
And once you start getting our newsletter, you start receiving lessons on how to conduct your life in the most beneficial way for both you and us.
We listen on the radio dial.
We get the rhythm when we've got a dial.
Well, people, we'll make you do better for a while.
Put your hands on the radio.
And feel the power, dear friends.
That was the Pink Boys.
Put your hands on the radio.
And before that, a recording of the very first time the Church of the Subgenius was ever mentioned on the radio anywhere.
In 1980, when Mr. Opinion had Dr. Philo Drummond and myself on a radio show,
we were the most infamous guests on KFJZ in Fort Worth.
Yes, friends.
This, however, is 26 years later.
And it's Hour of Slack number 1062.
Our 1062nd show devoted to the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And this isn't even the oldest weekly Subgenius show.
It might be the most weekly, though.
Anyway, for this episode, I started unearthing our old album from 1981, Media Barrage No. 4, The End of the World, digitizing the tape.
So you'll be hearing a bunch of that mixed with a bunch of brand new Subgenius yakery and doctoring,
and also clips from a movie called I Heart Huckabees.
And also some Lemur and Norell collages.
And in the background, music we have here is Stephen Kent and Transmission, who we met at Starwood.
Anyway, friends, let's go now to the 9X Day Drill at Brushwood for some live radio with Dr. Hal.
And, um, I forget.
Perhaps you've been deceived by...
Evangelists masquerading as angels of light.
...gone, and the world is waiting for who?
Well, the world's not believers entirely.
They're waiting for the Antichrist.
They don't know they are.
But who's gonna come in ten days but the one who says to Israel, you need protection?
As we said, have made the club, and...
Hello?
Hi.
Hi. May I speak to Reverend Stang?
Oh, yeah. You got me?
Reverend Stang?
Right.
Yeah.
I call to ask, as far as your belief is concerned, are you a Christian and do you believe in God and the Bible?
We believe in everything.
You do?
Mm-hmm.
The reason I asked is I was intrigued by what you brought out about using the word conspiracy.
And I was wondering if you believed in the fact that Jesus Christ is saved yesterday, today, and forever.
And do you believe that he still has a true prophet in these last days as he did in Moses' day?
Well, I'll tell you what.
We've been, in the course of our research, we've been getting a whole lot of stuff in the mail about the second coming.
A lot of other cults are talking about the second coming and how Jesus is gonna come back or sometimes it goes by other names, that Christ is gonna come back.
And our main, the main thing that the Subgenius Foundation has to say about that is beware of cheap imitations.
There are a lot of false prophets running around.

And a lot of people that are, in the next 20 or 30 years, there are gonna be a lot of people trying to convince you that they are Jesus back on earth.
Oh, yes.
I've, as a born-again Christian, I've seen that in the Spirit, too.
I know exactly what you're talking about.
They're not always meaningful.
Yeah, it's meaningful.
Meaningful how?
That's what I want you to find out.
About your life?
Yeah, about my life and about the whole thing.
About the universe.
The universe, you know?
The big one.
I mean, should I keep doing what I'm doing?
Is it hopeless?
Mr. Markovsky, we see a lot of people in here who claim they want to know the ultimate truth about reality.
They want to peer under the surface at the big everything.
But this can be a very painful process full of surprises.
It can dismantle the world as you know it.
That's why most people prefer to remain on the surface of things.
Maybe you should go home.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
Take it easy.
What do you say?
I say don't give me the brush off.
Please.
I want to know.
This is big.
Have you ever transcended space and time?
Yes.
No.
Time, not space.
No, I don't know what you're talking about.
You and I are scientific men.
You can understand the wonder of what's happened.
Now just think.
Less than a month ago, Santa Mera was like any other town.
People with nothing but problems.
Then out of the sky came a solution.
Seeds drifting through space for years took root in a farmland.
From the seeds came pods, which have the power to reproduce themselves in the exact likeness of any form of life.
Your new bodies are growing in there.
They're taking you over.
Cell for cell.
Atom for atom.
There's no pain.
Suddenly, while you're asleep, they'll absorb your minds, your memories, and you're reborn into an untroubled world.
Forever is the summer of the sun.
Exactly.
What a world.
We're not the last humans, that is.
They'll destroy you.
Tomorrow you won't want them to.
Tomorrow you'll be one of us.
I don't want any part of you.
You're forgetting something, Miles.
What's that?
You have no choice.
And our children will live, Mr. Beale.
The children will live, Mr. Beale.

Fine.
















To see that perfect world in which there's no war or famine, oppression or brutality.
One vast and ecumenical holding company for whom all men will work to serve a common profit.
In which all men will hold a share of stock.
All necessities provided.
All anxieties tranquilized.
All boredom amused.
The chemicals these factories create are welcomed by our modern day lifestyle.
The locals here complain the campers commit what along this coast is perhaps the greatest of possible facts.
They don't spend enough money.
We're going to make 30.
A mandatory retirement age.
And we're going to set up rehabilitation camps.
Mercy centers in every state of the union.
Citizens will report to them after five years.
At the age of 35.
And there, in groovy surroundings, we're going to psych them all out on LSD, babies.
That way, they're not going to hurt you.
And they're not going to...
Hurt me.
And babies, they're not even going to hurt themselves anymore.
They want drafters.
We'll draft them!
And some of them are really going to dig it.
And that's going to be the real mother-loving gas.
There's going to be cats who want to split from taxes.
Diners club.
Crazy birds.
Crazy wives and crazy husbands.
And millions of troops.
But millions are going to go willingly.
Ah, the funny sketch.
Thank you. Do you like that?
Yeah. No, but it was a funny sketch.
That's a joke.
You talk about young people in America.
I don't recognize them.
I don't think they exist.
I think your kind creates them.
You force them into little molds and pop them out like little plastic figures off a production line.
You stuff them full of preconceived ideas, praise them for turning out so well.
But they're not people, they're machines.
Then you wind them up in a machine.
You make them pop like little tape recorders and send them out into the world to spread another generation of lies.
This is the best of all possible worlds.
This is a recording.
As shown in this diagram, the surface is actually the roof of a 150-story apartment building which encompasses the Earth.
The future's treasures are housed in countless numbers in each of these identical levels which contain the five types of reality to be found.
The corridors, work areas, metroplexes, holograms, and of course the units for eunuchs.
Each unit has its own different resolution.
This unit is not very control of its own, even knowing you may be a human being.
Say in your midносenty years your heart will be at ease.
Next up on B composers when you've lost your drive take a look at the arms 온 you and make a vehicle option
The first dip, which returns their
Blue glasses, I'm on with the timer
How could life be in a final?
The good condition is to keep me cool
Yes, barbecue by the heated grill
Some would you cool with a second bottle too?
Just can't decide what I want to do
Hey, hey, I've got a heartache complex
Here at the apartment complex
I've got a heartache complex
Here at the apartment complex
We shall come to the level of lighting
A fine little life couldn't be more exciting
Loving room and clubhouse too
I don't have a worry till my break comes through
Watching soon as bed, I'm excited
Tonight is the day
I'm gonna wait with the room and delight
Hey, hey, I've got a heartache complex
Here at the apartment complex
I've got a heartache complex
Here at the apartment complex
Now
Oh, I know you like to live in the complex
And make a little tale about it
So easy to sit upon
Your life is such a good range
So you can make it through
In the middle of the day
Yeah
My friends come over and they think it's so fine
Well, they don't know that none of it is mine
My little furniture and color TV
None of my belongings belong to me
For these lots of luxury that's made to counterflag
Cause I always assume that I'm late to the bank
Hey, hey, I've got a heartache complex
Here at the apartment complex
I've got a heartache complex
Here at the apartment complex


The Pink Boys
The vocals by the late Dr. X from the 1981 subgenius album Media Barrage No. 4
Also some cut-ups by Noriel Preff and Fernand and Andy Lemur
And some bits from the odd 2002 film I Heart Huckabees as follows
I'm trying to remember something here, it has to do with...
I'm trying to remember...
Well, you know, John...
I'm trying to remember something here, it has to do with...
I'm trying to remember something here, it has to do with...
I'm trying to remember something here, it has to do with...
I'm trying to remember something here, it has to do with...
I seem to have forgotten where I put my special pills
But I will soldier on here
For some of you more deformed, please pay no attention to the beasts
Which appear spontaneously in front of your eyes
They're not real, they are an hallucinations
And can be easily done away with by snapping the nose
Thus, pulling the nose
most important parts of the septum together,
and by plugging one ear, like so,
and staring cross-eyed.
That doesn't work either.
Well, you know, these beasts are very tractable.
They can be harnessed and made to do useful work.
They are, after all, fellow creatures,
fellow sufferers with us.
And meant to be hung from the curly-fried trees
They are our brethren, our siblings,
created in the garden by the creator of all things.
And who might that be?
Why, the manufacturer.
The manufacturer, indeed.
And don't forget, don't return it.
No, they won't accept it.
But there is the great callback day, which will occur.
We all get to go back,
and that's when we find out
that our...
previous life was a sort of audition for the big show.
And of course, we're always looking for fellow enthusiasts,
chorus girls, spear carriers,
anyone who can accompany us out on stage
when it's time for that performance to start.
Because if you try to make yourself look good,
you're going to look rinky-dink and bring everybody down.
But if you try to make the show look good,
not only will we all succeed, but you
will look good.
They'll say, what a professional that Joe Bob Subgenius is.
How he made it all shine.
If only I could be like that praiseworthy individual.
I'm interested only in facts.
I want to know how things began, where they started.
I'd like to know what a nexus really is, and how they began.
Oh, you'll find out soon enough.
Yes, we'll see the next time.

I think we'll have to wait for those exes...
before we want to, maybe.
Will we have to stare into the red eyes
and the dark visage of a horrible, horrible thing?
That's even assuming they've got eyes to stare at.
What if they don't even have a face to look at?
What are you going to do then?
I was told that their eyes are capable of causing tremendous amounts of damage
to an ordinary onlooker like myself.
That's true, but I'm not saying that they look like eyes.
In fact, I've seen a thing that they look sort of like a wiggly nipple
or an extended finger sticking out of a little concavity,
like a crater only made out of flesh.
So you're saying it's like an ocular nipple of some sort capable of...
It is a light-sensing organ.
A light-sensing ocular nipple capable of giving both sustenance and taking on light?
Yeah, that's about the size of it.
So you have neatly encapsulated it in your description.
That ought to be made part of the official handbook.
Well, I heard that John Wilkes Booth,
the night before they assassinated Abraham Lincoln,
that he was found in a cabal of three or four of these others
discussing plans of an unearthly nature,
and that the U.S. conflagration at the time had nothing to do with it.
Well, it might not have appeared to have anything to do with it,
but it's as they say, if a butterfly farts in China, a wall falls down in Peoria.
We're all connected, and these convulsions on the earth of human wars and rumors of wars
are only eddies in our own backwater reflecting the giant convulsions of the cosmos all around us.
For there is war in heaven, principalities, powers, dominions, thrones,
great gods grapple in the central blue, lambasting themselves with clubs the size of universes,
and we think our tiny religious and secular controversies are worth ennobling ourselves about.
How pathetic.
Thank you.
What happened to my pills that were here?
How pathetic.
Yes, I sneer to scorn at these who do not open their inner portals to the possibilities of endless perception.
He got a little pretty mouth, ain't he?
I believe that I have Bob Dobbs.
I have Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Professor Dobbs?
I believe.
I believe.
I believe.
I believe.
Is this part of my investigation?
Yes.
Say this blanket represents all the matter and energy in the universe, okay?
You, me, everything.
Nothing.
Nothing.

Nothing.





Sorry, I'm left out, all right?
All the particles, everything.
What's that side of this blanket?
More blankets.
That's the point.
Blankets, everything.
Exactly.
This is everything, okay?
Let's just say that this is me, right?
And I'm, what, 60-odd years old, and I'm wearing a gray suit, blah, blah, blah.
And let's say over here, this is you, and you're, I don't know, you're 21, you've got dark hair, et cetera.
And over here, this is Vivian, my wife in college.
And then over here, this is the Eiffel Tower, right?
It's Paris.
And this is a war.
And this is a museum and this is a disease and this is an orgasm and this is a hammer
Everything is the same even if it's different exactly, but our everyday mind forgets us. We think everything is separate limited
I'm over here. You're over there, which is true, but it's not the whole truth because we're all connected because we are connected
Yeah, all right now
We need to learn how to see the blanket truth all the time right in the everyday stuff
And that's what this is for why?
Why what why do I need to learn how to see the blanket thing all the time in the everyday stuff?
Well, you wouldn't want to miss out on the big picture would you?
That's partly why you're here right and this is it. I'm talking about it right now
I mean it'll take a while for you to get you know, but
It'll help you
How
When you
Get the blanket thing you can relax because everything you could ever want or be you already have and are
That's something pretty good. Sounds very good. All right, get in let me get in. Mm-hmm
So get in here, yeah, what's gonna happen to me in there, okay, you're gonna see you'll find out
The purpose of this suit mr. Makowski is to help shut down your everyday perceptions
And give up your usual identity that you think separates you from everything this room
the street
This town this this country this economy
this history
This planet your body your senses your job everything that you identify with
You know the future is a magnetic place each year a hundred
Billion are born into it why it seems all roads lead to tomorrow
Why just looking at the future is enchanting browse along conveyor belts were awe-inspiring
Holograms are as much a part of the experience of every man as were the real trees mountain sunsets of the dark past
It's thrilling to wander amidst these realistic 3d images and you'll certainly feel at home since the leaders here have chosen the
architecture of the mediocrity of the middle class
As the most relaxing and appeasing of all art forms
It could be the old world charm of suburbs and franchises or power plants and office buildings
Which might suddenly change to lovely forests and pastures?
But wherever you go, you're still amid the clean ever-changing the holograms of the future made possible by the amazing
Hologram projectors and the careful planning of the folks behind the scenes and it won't put a dent in your budget
since holograms are produced in
economical black and white
You might even get to see a rare hologram eclipse when your real surroundings become enjoyably apparent
We are
critical
You can't see it all but you can't even be sure you're seeing any of it
Oh
You beat it you little pussy pussy
You're an asshole
You're an asshole
You're an asshole
How are you? Okay doing okay? I thought you said that was gonna relax me eventually, but you have to practice at home
Okay, you got a lot of layers in there don't you? Huh?
Catch me up to speed tell me what's happening. What's happening is she wants to talk about my work situation
I want to know about my coincidence. I thought not what's happening right now. This is what's happening right now
I'm telling you she's spying about the blanket. I'm not I don't know the blanket right now like this
I'm telling you she's spying on you
You're just taking pictures of you

All right, I love a dress
Oh, you said that was interesting
How can any of these clothes fit you to why the hell would you wear a full dress?
Oh, oh, What are you talking?
It'll look good. Come on. laughter
market




Pr Авprof
is an infinite sphere whose center is everywhere and whose circumference is nowhere.
Well, how can the center be everywhere if the, uh...
The problem in America today is
humanism. Humanism, as Pastor mentioned,
is when we become like gods
to replace God and we dethrone God and we begin to live for
ourselves and become lovers of ourselves more than lovers of God.
Oh, Bob! Oh, Bob! Oh, Bob!
Give me food! Give me money! Give me food! Give me everything, Bob!
Oh, Bob! Give me some food! Give me some money! Give me some food!
Give me some clothes! Give me pills! Give me some food!
Give me some clothes! Give me some pills! Give me some cards! Give me some things!
Give me that! Give me everything! Give me everything! Uh, I'll make a peace agreement with you.
The only reason America still stands is there's a remnant
of Christians who are still praying for a
spirit of God.
spiritual awakening in this country.
The church of the living God is preaching and believing and looking for the coming of
Jesus Christ.
There is a way out.
There is an escape route.
This world is destined for destruction.
It's doomed and it's damned according to the word of God.
But Jesus is coming for a church.
He's going to get his bride out of this world.
Point one.
I am tonight setting a clear goal for the energy policy of the United States.
Beginning this moment, this nation will never use more foreign oil than we did in 1977.
Never.
Today, I want to talk to you about something that, well, is kind of a passion of mine,
and that is sexuality.
You know, I like the subject.
And so.
It's a hot subject.
Check this out.
You're going to fall out of your seat when you hear this.
This is from the Associated Press.
The title of the article is Pentagon lists Christian beliefs as disorder.
Ooh.
Uh-oh.
A Pentagon document classifies Christian beliefs as a mental disorder.
Based on scientific and medical evidence, the APA classified Christian beliefs as a
mental disorder in 1973, a position shared by all other major health and mental health
organizations.
Hmm.
So there you have it.
The Pentagon, the intolerant Pentagon, is listing.
The church.
As a disorder.
Hmm.
Sexuality is no sin.
Check this out.
Washington.
Eh.
Eh.
Eh.
Eh.
I have a problem.
Ha.
Ha.
Ha.
Eh.
I have a problem.
You can call me gone.
Out there.
Gone.
Dum.
Dum.
Dum.
Da.
Da.
Dum.
Snitcher.
Snitcher.
See the word hypocrite?
Okay.
Okay.
If you're a Christian, something is wrong.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Da.
Bye-bye, Norrell Preff.
And now, some Radio Synesthesia, which is Dr. Sinister's show from WCSB in Cleveland.
Well, that was totally pointless.
But, you know, it took up a good four minutes of the time I have to fill.
Now, God has a reason for everything that happens in our world.
And you don't want to know.
I read in the news today about a little girl.
I forget which state she was in.
She was about to go in and start getting terrible chemotherapy and surgery for some kind of cancer.
I think it was blood cancer.
Cancer.
Leukemia.
And she suddenly, it turned out she was healed.
And her mom said she, the doctors couldn't figure out what had happened, but her mom said she knew that they owed it to God.
I'm thinking, well, yeah, so God gave her the cancer too, right?
Exactly.
This is what always bothers me.
You know, people say we give God the glory for this miraculous recovery, but you know what?
You don't give him the blame for the problem in the first place.
Right, he'll kill off all these people with cancer just so that the occasional miracle makes everybody think he's great.
Well, I don't know.
One of my favorite.
But he can't do that every time.
I can understand giving him cancer to show him once and for all the value of life.
But then, well, I guess if everybody got miraculously cured, then it'd be.
They'd get bored.
And people are so ungrateful.
Well, you know, if you want to actually believe in the God of the Bible, I am forced to make some weird analyses of it.
I mean, I personally conclude that the whole thing doesn't make sense unless you look at it a certain way.
God is evil, easily amused, and really not all powerful.
Yeah, and with occasionally a really, really sick sense of humor.
A horribly sick sense of humor.
And, I mean, like I said, you know, we're talking about somebody who had his chosen people in slavery in Egypt, you know.
And he inspired Moses to lead them out.
And Moses went to the Pharaoh and said, Pharaoh, let my people go.
And Pharaoh actually was convinced by Moses' argument that the people ought to be free.
But then the Lord went down and hardened Pharaoh's heart.
You remember that in Exodus?
Because the whole place.
That was the phrase they used.
They hardened Pharaoh's heart.
Yeah.
So he would hold out and God would get to send a plague of...
Yeah, because otherwise God wouldn't have a very good excuse for sending all those plagues.
And he had all these plagues and special effects he just had to use.
Exactly, exactly.
God acted through Pharaoh's PR people and said, no, Pharaoh, you can't give Moses the freedom that he needs.
So clearly, clearly, clearly when God intervenes in human affairs, he's not always inspiring people to do the right thing.
He's sometimes inspiring people to do the wrong thing.
Just so God can flex his muscle and do something even worse.
It's whether men are to be ruled by the state or whether they are to be ruled by the whims of a dictator.
Are men the property of the state or are they free souls?
Man shall be ruled by the will of other men.
You shall see hail fall from a clear sky and you shall see darkness when the sun climbs high to noon.
And you shall know that Bush is God.
Bow down to his will.
That you may...
Know the power of the Lord.
Death and evil.
For seven days you will thirst.
Thus saith the Lord, let my people drink bitter waters.
That you may know these things are done of God.
You have not yet obeyed the Lord.
Let my people drink bitter waters.
Slaves worship you and you serve only God.
See this staff?
God made it a rod to rule over scorpions and serpents.
Stretch out my staff against the waters.
To make their lives bitter in hard bondage.
Brought more evil upon you.
God forgive my weak use of his strength.
Hear his word and obey.
You have not yet obeyed Bush.
God has set before you this day his laws of Bush.
God has set before you this day his laws of Bush.
Bigotry will cause that you they pay for you.
For your cooperation with him God will have no opinion on this.

Die God v. Bush.
Hastee's
Hell.
I empty the ears.

I keep myFine balance.
levels, but it seems sort of obvious between the lines to me that God and the devil are
doing this good cop, bad cop thing, but they're both.
They're both on the same team.
Yeah.
Well, it's very obvious.
We're the ones that are under, you know, in the inquisitor's chair.
In the book of Job, it shows God making a bet with the devil.
And by the way, you know, if you're making a bet and you know everything, doesn't that
kind of count as cheating?
Well, that's why I say it's a good cop, bad cop thing.
Well, if God made man in his own image, then God made the devil in his own image, too.
Or?
Well, no, the devil, actually, I met the devil at Starwood.
He's been to the last several Starwoods, and he's not entirely, he's hominid, but he's
not manlike.
He is red, and he does have horns.
He doesn't actually have a tail or hooves, but he's, he doesn't, he's got a clownish,
kind of a nose.
Are you sure that wasn't Dr. Howell's famous devil disguise?
No, no, I know.
Dr. Howell does do a devil suit, but old Splitfoot is always, well, think about it.
Starwood's the biggest neo-pagan gathering around this neck of the woods.
And it's a lot more comfortable than Burning Man.
No, that's not necessarily so at all.
That's a myth based on fear of the desert.
Actually, both of them can be hideously hot or cold.
Within five minutes.
Five minutes of each other.
But anyway, the point is, I'm not kidding.
And if you want to look at the photographs on SubSight, there's a picture of Reverend
Andy Christ, who is a mason in his fez, shaking hands with Satan, who is always, as I said,
is a real person who's always at Starwood.
In fact, he's been, he posted to one of the subgenius news groups lately under the name
Mickey Mephistopheles, I believe.
Maybe you didn't know this, but there's more than one devil, too, you know?
Well, yeah.
And there's, well, everybody has their own devils.
Well, there were hundreds of them.
And the devils are all working for each other.
Well, wasn't there one called Abaddon?
Oh, there was one called damn near everything you can think of.
Right.
The Satan, I used to use the wisecrack, well, you have to be a Christian, you have to believe
all that Christian stuff first before you can be a Satanist.
Nenslow pointed out that that is silly and not true.
That's not true, because Satan, or Shaitan, has been around for at least 3,000 years,
and was, the Jews picked him up from somebody else.
He had originally been a, just another desert devil monster.
You know the origin of the name?
You know, jinn or whatever.
Maybe it was the guy who was at Brushwood.
You know the origin of the name Beelzebub?
I don't know that.
Ball.
What?
Ball.
Ball.
Ball.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, they would take, that was the name of another god in that area at the time.
Yeah, Beel.
And Zubub.
I always thought that was Beel, was the way it was pronounced.
And Zubub kind of means like dung.
Oh, Beelzebub.
Yeah, so they were just making fun of Ball.
Lord of the Ducks.
It's like calling him Satan Pepe.
Which sounds really childish, but I just passed a billboard that was for the cartoon channel,
but I think it said Pooting on it.
You know what?
Those Cartoon Network billboards are disturbing.
Well, when I was 12, I probably would have been thrilled.
And when I was 25, I would have thought, well, I'm glad that people are not so uptight anymore.
But for some reason, now it's kind of like, must the world just keep getting dumber and
dumber and dumber and dumber?
And the answer is yes, it must.
It very much must until something so horrible happens that only the very smartest survive.
Right.
Right.
Right.












And the world will get smarter again.
So you better hope X days just right around the corner, Professor.
Well, you know, that's what I'm hoping for.
You know, we're all waiting for the saucers here.
You know, we're all holding on.
And, you know, the tables, they will turn around.
Plendecks will soon be found.
Well, that sounds so good, I decided to believe it.
Yeah.
I'm going to check a tape.
Yeah, all right.
All right.
All right.













Thank you.
Thank you.



Bye.
Bye.












There's no doubt of the trouble that's about.
So I say, my friend, you'd better start to pray.
They're a terrifying sight as they fly on day and night.
It's a warning that we'd better mend our ways.
You'd better pray.
Pray to the Lord when you see those flying saucers, it may be the coming of the judgment day.
Many people think the saucers might be someone's foolish dreams,
or maybe they were sent down here from Mars.
If you'll just stop and think you'd realize just what it means,
they're more than atom bombs or falling stars.
And though the war may be true, there's unrest and trouble brewing,
and those flying saucers may be just a sign
that if peace doesn't come, it will be the end of some.
So repent today, you're running out of time.
When you see a saucer fly like a comet through the sky,
you should realize the price.
You'll have to pay.
You'd better pray to the Lord when you see those flying saucers,
it may be the coming of the judgment day.
The Buchanan Brothers.
Praise Bob.
And before that, some radio synesthesia and a collage about Moses
from the geeks of dubious sexuality,
who all said,
We've also sent some movie soundtrack clips,
not including the following, from 9X Day.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.

And also, and also, and also, and also,
and also, the devotional I just read today is coming up,
and Jihad Jerry is going to be there.
Jihad Jerry.
You know, Jerry Casale of Devo formed a sort of a protest rap surf band
called Jihad Jerry and the Sunbuddies.
I can't remember.
So, well, when is the devotional?
That is in September, the middle of September sometime,
not early or terribly late.
So we've got about a month.
I guess we have one of those.
middle weekend. About a month to go?
I read about it in the Free Times.
There's a
funny picture of Mark Mothersbaugh
with his finger up his nose.
Is that a current issue? Yes.
The one with the battered woman on the cover?
No. Well, maybe
it's the scene. This one has the drug-using
politician on the cover.
Yep, yep.
When they had Bob on the cover,
they got complaints. Of course, that was
because Bob Dobbs' face was pasted
in over the baby Jesus
on a classical painting.
And now, the radio adaptation
of Mel Gibson's
Passion of the Christ.
Are you
Jesus Christ?
I am.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!

Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!

Ah!

Ah!
Ah!










Ah!
Ah!

Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!

Ah!
Passion of the Christ
from Phineas Narco
of National Cynical
Radio.
You can get it on there.
You can download tons of shows from nationalcynical.com.
And what else?
Oh, actually, I've got something for you guys.
I must share this with you, and this is not a well-known fact.
God, where's the note?
There is, it's called jesuschristarcade.com.
And it's a series of flash games that are amusing for a little while.
And the first one, Jesus keeps rising up, little cartoon Jesus is rising up to heaven.
And you blast him so that he crashes to the ground and doesn't make it to heaven.
Blood comes out and everything.
Would it be a good one?
A light gun game?
I don't know how of these light guns that you point for a century people speak of.
So loud.
Let's take another call here real quick.
6-8-7-3-5-1-5.
Hello, you're on the air.
Hello?
Hello.
Hello.
I was just wondering, like, what religion are you guys over there?
Church of the subgenius.
That's him.
This is what they're speaking of.
I, of course, am part of the non-aligned movement.
Well, you bought a subgenius membership card.
But that does not...
But you can still have your own religion besides that.
It was JesusChristArcade.com that I was talking about.
And I'm not kidding.
I'm not making that up.
I believe it exists.
Yeah.
So, Colin, why is this...
I have another question.
What was that website again?
JesusChristArcade.com.
It's done by a very religious fellow.
A Reverend Jeremiah.
I had a radio debate with him just yesterday.
I found a funny, interesting website called GodIsImaginary.com.
Okay, guys.
Thanks for having me.
I gotta go now, okay?
Oh, really?
Okay.
Have a good night.
Well, hey, while we're...
Let our religions carry you away.
And the true and not true.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?

What?

What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?











What?
What?
What?
What?


























Here's why...
nation. The judgments of God is going to fall upon this nation. An angel come and stood right over my
head, and I heard that angel singing. There's a nation that stands in the judgment. There is a
nation that has forgotten God. Sin stands in disgrace. America has forgotten God.
Delightfully refreshing. Delightfully refreshing. Delightfully refreshing. Delightfully refreshing.
A young man of 17 years of age is more exciting, more exciting. Jesus, you are good-looking. Come
to bed with me and attack me. That is a good thing to do. Come to bed with me. Sleep with me. Oh,
what an exchange.
And your
God is

good. Beautiful, beautiful. Expose her. Beautiful as Jesus. It's painful, pleasurable. Oh, no. Come
close to me. Think of it. They were doing contact with others. They were getting along. They strip,
they strip. She had devoured him. Bring out the long beat. Isn't it interesting living in this
perverted land? A stench always came first. Beautiful,
beautiful. Let's do it. Delightfully refreshing. Say you're driving with your children and someone
cuts you off. You're mad and you have every right to be. That means you should take it out on the
other driver's color, sex, or age. So teach prejudice to your kids. God gave us a purpose.
God put us here for some reason. Everything that we do here is
aimed at the next world or it ought not to be done. You who are pastors who have been chosen by God
Almighty to lead. We are talking about Christianizing America. We are talking about
simply spreading the gospel in a political context. My friend, God Almighty does not hear
the prayer of a Jew for how in the world can God hear the prayer of a man who says Jesus Christ is
not the true Messiah.
It is.
In this last moment, we need to bring the world to the foot of the cross.
And we have been dealing with and showing who these people were and telling you that they were
representatives of all the 12 tribes of Israel who were without a question Anglo-Saxon, Celtic,
kindred peoples. Because that's the true Israel.
Israel of the Bible that's who the true Israel of the Bible is.
I shall go down in history as greatest German.
I am not associated with them.
We think of ourselves as the ultimate minority, the subgeniuses, the final organizations,
the most understood minority.
And they don't take us seriously and righteously so.
What happens if they cross us?
You know.
Maybe we pray or something.
but most often we don't know about it we are in this until the Lord himself comes
back and rescues all of us all right cut him off leave him on down into the
never-ending valley of toil and agony stretching mile after mile an inferno of
mud-soaked bodies and everywhere the lash of watchful taskmasters ready to sting the
backs of the wearer she lives up there she invites you up there and when she gets you
up there she knocks you down a nice guy like Benson don't think honey I'm not thinking honey
I'm just telling you Benson wasn't good enough for her come on get out of the sky I don't like
you sure that's her but don't let her fool you when she looks soft and sweet she sits in your
lap and purrs doesn't she yeah she don't fool me none because wham and there it is fire is still
fire stuck a little tongue out at me didn't you
fire we read a kiss from Cinderella well she didn't get away with it did she did she can't
she got kissed right back and when you take her by the throat you shake her silly slap her back
you put her in her place and you give her the left the vicious scheming rotten darling
you're very
you guys ever read a book I've been reading the most fabulous book
um the the science of disc world 2 the globe it's half non-fiction modern science uh
Carl Sagan-y type stuff and half the weirdest most insane fantasy satire you ever saw
sounds uh sounds like good stuff by Terry Pratchett who is a best-selling fiction author
in England and he's a great writer and he's a great writer and he's a great writer and he's a great
he know I'm the one that's going to say this.
Two scientist fellows who have
been apparently keeping up on things a little better than I have it's full of
some great debunking yeah you would probably actually like it Dr. Sinister
why don't you repeat that name for me it's called the science of disc world 2
uh-huh the globe there was a science of disc world but that was about the flat disc
shape world on the back of the four elephants and the big turtle right this one is very small



about our world.
Interesting.
Although it relates
to Discworld,
or Discworld science.
There's also
the Physics of Star Trek
by Cleveland favorite
Lawrence Krauss.
Well, but that's kind of
a spoil sport thing.
Yeah.
This one is far from that.
It's very, very fun
and playful.
And it's not heavy,
heavy, hard science.
It's definitely
what you would call
written for the pop
science level.
But it's quite a step up
from last year's
Discover magazine,
if you know what I mean.
All right.
And so we come to the end,
sort of.
We've been hearing
a combination of
the old subgenius
Media Barrage number four
and some new stuff
by Norrell Preff.
Also, some weird noises
by Frater Sadi.
Or Sodi.
I don't even know.
And,
Lemur.
And in the background here,
Stephen Kent and Transmission.
Thanks to Dr. Sinister
and WCSB
in Cleveland.
This is the Hour of Slack.
For more information,
see or write to
Post Office Box 181417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio
44118
or just check out
subgenius.com
dot com.
Stretched across the surface
of reality.
Contains a thousand
scattered images
that cannot be retrieved.
This building,
you encrypted the truth.
That's how good you are
at betraying yourself.
I told you that he wasn't
ready for infinity.
Hey, don't start with
that magic blanket bullshit,
okay?
It's not magic.
It's just the way things are,
Tommy.
You and me in the air
are actually tiny particles
that are swirling around together.
Look right here.
You see?
Okay.
But look at the cracks
between these particles.
And the cracks we fall through
the holes of nothingness.
Exactly, because that's what
I just experienced upstairs.
But look closer.
There are tiny particles
connecting the larger cubes.
Yeah, and then tinier cracks
between the connections.
And even tinier connections.
And even tinier cracks.
Yeah, but if you look
close enough,
you can't tell where
my nose ends and space begins
because they're unified.
See?
So what?
You can't see any of this anyway.
Do you see anything?
No.
But I want to debate
this particle cube thing.
You live all the time
with things you can't see.
You can't see electricity,
can you?
You can't see radio waves,
but you accept them.
Trust.
Fuck trust.
You better stay away
from Katerine Albert
because she's going to
lead you down the path
to darkness.
She was our prize graduate
student until she went astray.
No, I think that I am
going to stay with her
and the cracks and the pain
and the nothingness
because that's more real to me.
That's what I feel.
Word!
Okay, we're not sweating it.
No, we're going to work with Brad.
And it'll all come back
to you and interconnection.
Brad, are you kidding me?
I'm going to work on that prick
and it's all going to come back
to pain and no connection.
No.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.
It's on.

You can take those records
and run them backwards
and you can hear Satan
talking on there.
So I want you
to realize
that we're in a crooked
and diverse nation.
Nation.
Nation.
Nation.
Nation.
Nation.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
We're going to get you.
We're going to get you.
Peace!
Right there, motherfucker.
Peace!
Right there, motherfucker.
Son of a bitch with a machine gun.
Son of a bitch with a machine gun.
Peace!
Right there, motherfucker.
Peace!
Right there, motherfucker.
Son of a bitch with a machine gun.
Son of a bitch with a machine gun.
Get out of here! Get out of here!
Peace!
Right there, motherfucker!
Son of a bitch with a machine gun!
Get out of here!
Well, never mind. I'll break the end of it, isn't it?
I'll be back with the bacon.
I'm drinking to a woman.
I'm drinking to your mother.
I'm drinking to your father.
And I'm drinking to the whole corn-fed state of Kansas.
