I'll be hehehehehehehehehehehehe
Pe-pe-pe-peen worm.
We haven't identified the UFO as yet.
So we can't conclude anything.
We the jury find the defendant guilty.
Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty.
No! No! Guilty!
I'm not me! I'm-
The Self-Genius Power of Swag!
Click.
Click.
Click.
Click.
Press S Done.
menu
Click on Sh fert.
Click.

Text.
debt. The mountain of cocaine.
Tons of cocaine. Atomic
bomb radiation experiments.
Unwitting test subjects. Dangerous
radiation. Marijuana abuse.
Hooked on drugs. Time for us
to bug out.
Rocked.
Rocked. Rocked by rape.
Rocked.
Rocked.
Rocked by rape.
Rocked.
Rocked. Rocked
by rape.
Sex. Drugs.
Rocked by rape.
Nazi war criminals. Cancer. Darkness.
Murder. Caution. Terrorist.
Castigation. Police conspiracy.
Dramatic urban torture.
Drunk driving. Hostage siege.
Government shutdown. Collapses.
Desperation. Despair.
Deep into debt. Criminal.
Persecuted. Semi-automatic handgun.
Explosive gunman killed a
tourist. Criminal victims.
Racist. Massive lawsuit. Hostage.
Ethnic war. Cancer death rate.
Fleeing for their lives. CIA narcotics
operations. Hungry. Homeless. Frustrated.
Terrorist. Spoiled. Unsanitary. Hard-hitting
losers. Brutal. Bizarre. Critical bombing.
The gang. True. Criminal. Anti-government
love triangle. Deeper and deeper into
damage. Even death. Anti-drug DEA. Worldwide
ban. Time for us to bug out.
Rocked. Rocked. Rocked by rape.
Rocked. Rocked. Rocked by rape.
Rocked. Rocked. Rocked by rape.
Sex. Drugs. Rocked by rape.
Disgruntled conspirator. Attack. Killed.
U.S. war plane went down in flames.
Crash. Gunned down. Shooting death.
Blood drops. Murderer.
Desperate. Tragedy. Isn't he dead?
Death penalty. Ransom note. Forbidding.
Notorious. Overwhelming. Communist. Urban
punishment. Low ethics. Extortion and
murder. A plane crash set an entire
neighborhood on fire. International
smuggling pipeline. Make it faster, better,
cheaper. Health risk. Criminal. Murdering a
man. Tough. Diplomatic. Hell on earth.
Magnetic radiation. Fraudulent assassins.
Mysterious murder. Chemical terrorism.
Military targets.
Total crash danger. Freak accident. No known survivors.
Wild and wounding semi-automatic truck bomb. Emergency anti-fatal shooting rampage.
Notorious negative police brutality. Fear. The hidden Nazis next door.
Marxist rebels. Serious murderer. Accidents. Problems. Punitive damages.
Like that negative heart wrenching controversy. Time for us to bug out.
Rocked. Rocked. Rocked by rape.
Rocked. Rocked. Rocked by rape.
Rocked. Rocked. Rocked by rape.
Sex. Drugs. Rocked by rape.
Bug out. Bug out. Bug out. Bug out.
And that's part of our world tonight. For the CBS-CVU's Dan Rappert reporting, good night and have a great weekend.
Only on CBS.
The Evolution Control Committee. Final piece thereby the Ohio, uh, uh, Group Evolution Control Committee.
And now this.
Dear Dr. Vegetable, you know I've always heard that old thing about how the grass is greener on the other side of the fence.
Well I looked over my fence at my neighbor's yard and his grass is greener.
But then I went over to the neighbor's yard and he said, well I'm not getting any grass, I just got my grass.


were there and I looked from his yard at my grass and my grass was greener. Can you explain what's
going on here? Sign me perplexed in podunk. Well, I can tell you one thing for sure, French. When
you get a grass that's so green that all your neighbors look over it hoping for a brighter
future, when they all start pointing at your backyard or looking up at your garage area,
you've got more than a singular problem. It looks to me like you need to move away.
You need to move away to the blue hills of Venus. That's right, my friends. Take on an
entirely different new persona in another world itself. Next caller, I'm sorry.
Wow, I always wanted to take a Venus dream vacation, but you know, confidentially,
just between you and me, it's all those, well, you'd have to be near all those
vinooks, you know. And all those hundred foot tall women with the enormous decobs and the
long bobbed hair.
Well, they aren't like our kind, and I hear those bastards can fry you with their eyes.
Yes, that's true. They not only can fry you with their eyes, they can also smote you with
their ears. But the wavelength is so strong, it knocks a man down.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
And I think it's gonna be a long, long time. The touchdown brings me around again to find
I'm not the man they think I am.
Oh, no, no, no. I'm Bob.
So CIA leaks at the top levels of the white.
No, it's done more than leak on us, buddy boy. It's urinated on our standard of living.
What are they bitching about Clinton? Something about moral issues and stuff like that?
Yes.
Here we have now federal criminal espionage laws.
I did not grope that woman. I did not grope that woman.
The hypocrisy man. The liars.
Man, I'm telling you.
But you shouldn't have taken it so seriously.
I sneeze on your sleeve.
Thank you.
Wipe it off.
I wanna go back to...
His father, Arnold's father was a reptilian fast coat.
Adolf Schwarzenegger.
Adolf Schwarzenegger.
He was like an SS guard or something like that.
Yeah, he wore a little skull on his neck and he was a snappy and I don't know about that.
He was the courier for Grandpa Bush.
Between Grandpa Adolf and Grandpa Bush.
Yes, between the true Lord and the...
He was a true Nazi.
A Schmegma-Schmoker.
It wasn't like something that, you know, the tabloid is just sort of make up.
No, that's like real truth.
He shined up.
Come on, you guys.
You know it's not the Nazis that secretly run the world.
It's the Nazi Jews that secretly run the world.
That's right.
Or the Jew-Nazis.
I never have been able to figure out which it is.
But it's one of those two combinations of opposite...
Gay Jew-Nazis.
I think it's the Jew-Nazis.
Well, now it is the gay Jew-Nazis because of Hollywood and all that, you know.
The gay Jew-Nazis for Christ were the ones who started nuking the whales for us.
I mean, you know, on our behalf.
At our behest.
Hey, man, that's not PC.
Shove that in your pocket.
Don't talk about whales.
I know, that's very old and smelly.
But it is a true thing, you know.
And we're kind of grateful for it.
A little bit.
I mean, we.
I always say we when I don't know what I'm talking about.
You know, trying to get acceptance from others, you know.
Oh, we, we just had a sandwich and vomited all over the place.
We just rammed our heads through the window.
What?
The man I'm about to introduce.
His history goes back, back, back into the primordial ooze.
Of the church's inception.
This man has seen it all.
And he's done a great deal of it, too.
And he has found time to run a business.
Start a family.
Save the damsel in distress from the villainous machinations of a shadowy villain doing villainous
things.
Played convincingly by Christopher Walken.
Anyway.
Since this man was introduced to J.R. Bob Dobbs many, many years ago.
His life has been a series of ups and downs.
Ins and outs.
Forwards and backwards.
Overs and unders.
And many fascinating prepositions as well.
Yes.
This is a mensch.
This is a real man.
The one thing he can say about his life is it's not boring.
Well, except for last night when all he could talk about was, you know, what the young kids
listen to today and how things were great back in the good old days.
Now they don't do stuff like they did back then.
Blah, blah, blah.
Yackety, smackety.
But anyway.
This next guest, this first guest, this next great speaker comes to us at great expense
to you, the citizenry of Indianapolis.
But I ask you, what cost your soul?
What cost salvation?
$40!
$50!
All right.
You've been reading the literature.
Very good.
Very good.
All right.
Well, I'm going to ask you to open up your hearts, open up your minds, and open up your
wallets for the one, the only, Ivan Stein!
Praise God!
Praise God!
Praise fucking God!
God damn, Bob!
Oh, that's Bob, by the way.
That was Pope Fred.
Actually, I thought he was describing Bob when he was talking about the thing.
Although Bob's life never did have any ups and downs.
It only had ups.
Oh, well, it's so great to be in Indianapolis again.
You guys are the greatest, greatest crowd here in Columbus.
It's just...
What Pope Fred was saying was actually true.
I preached the word of Bob for more than 20 years now.
But friends, a lot of the time, I was preaching slack, but I wasn't getting slack.
It is about slack.
And the great thing about this religion is we won't tell you what it is.
We'll let you figure it out for yourself.
It's just a great pep talk to remind you that it really is there, but nobody else can tell
you what it is.
Now, here's what's really bad, though.
When you're...
And some of you may be in this boat right now, where you're thinking, well, you thought
you didn't have any slack.
It was...
Everything was almost unbearable.
You were considering suicide.
Just to...
Just to teach them a lesson.
And you were really slackless.
And then, something happens, and you found out you weren't slackless.
You did have slack.
You were just a spoiled punk and couldn't appreciate it.
That's bad.
When you find out, oh, shit, you mean that stuff I was so miserable with, that was slack?
Because now that it's gone, I'm really fucked up.
Now that I can't shit the number four on the list.
But what's really good is when you thought you did have slack, and then find out that
wasn't slack at all, because what you've got now is so much better.
That's the good part.
So, just assume that you have some slack now.
Try to figure out what it is before it's gone.
That's the tricky part.
But surely it is not the luck of the Irish to be so messed with by a bunch of narcos.
It's the luck of the Portuguese, lad.
Look at yourself, come here.
Oh, man of war.
You're not Irish.
Look at your wallet.
I mean, not your wallet.
You need to look at your wallet.

Look at your driver's license.
Not your wallet.
It comes from old country.
Really old country.
Yes.
The very oldest country.
I'm sorry.
Country number one.
Gondwana land.
Gondwana land.
The old country.
The lost city of Kor, up above the Arctic Circle.
Kurva, we lost again by the Arctic Circle.
Where she, who must be obeyed, holds court with her high priest, Calicrates, and surrounding
this high but completely isolated civilization are the submen.
The bongo thumping.
Ukabala pongas.
A sub gum.
Back.
Back.
Me want slack.
Slack?
You'll get slack but get back.
Slack.
Slack.

Slack now.
Friends, if you don't know, this could be your last chance to learn how to cure that
ailment.
How to get that job.
How to quit that job.
What do you mean, serious job?
Where's the job?




Where are the money you spare?
Where Uncle Bert left the money before he left town?
Come on, I know you want to know where the will is buried, the secret will.
Oh, there's another one.
I hope there's money in these things because the truth is never free, you see.
Information wants to be free, they say.
That's a lie, actually.
Information wants to make money for Bob Dobbs.
True words were never spoken, ladies and gentlemen.
And now we will essay to do a brief version of the nightclub act,
which is performed every Wednesday night in San Francisco at the Odeon Nightclub
at the intersection of Valencia and Mission Street.
We usually have mind-breaking special effects, eerie music, and confusing projections,
but this is the naked essence.
of our show.
Reverend Stang will read the questions, and I will essay to give you the answers.
So let's start.
Essay.
It was essay, actually.
To essay is to judge the value, and that we will try to avoid doing.
Speaking of value, Dr. Howell, what happens if these cheapskates don't even throw in the slightest gratuity?
Well, that is sad.
But I would not call them cheapskates.
They have already paid to get into this event.
Indeed, my conscience troubles me to ask for money at all,
except that it makes the question and answer process better.
Because when you ask the toothless old crone to tell your fortune,
you always cross her palm with silver.
This has a twofold purpose.
First, the toothless old crone can buy groceries.
They eat baby food.
But secondly,
you must value the question itself.
And there is nothing that shows that you value it more than that you are willing to part with a little bit of money.
Let's remember, money has no value, but we give it what value it has,
by believing in it and accepting it.
So there is the value in an exchange for an exchange.
Back in San Francisco, we treat money,
moneyless questions,
by answering it with the magic eight ball,
which, though always infallible,
gives answers which are terse and laconic,
and without the flowery elaborations we usually provide.
So, money or not, let's have the first question.
Dr. Howell, who put the con in Connie?
Well, that's a very good question.
Who put the con in Connie?
Well, Connie Gobs.
Well, Connie Gobs assumed her own position by that law of rightness and appropriateness
in which all things fall naturally into their proper order and place.
But there is no coincidence in that Connie and conspiracy begin with the first letters.
The first three letters.
You see, one must have intimate knowledge of the law of the universe.
The second letter is the law of the conspiracy.
In order to achieve one's full manhood as a subgenius.
And Constance Dobbs, in the great game of singularities and coincidences,
epitomizes this well.
That is some answer!
Thank you.
Well, in that case,
this other George here asks,
Will the power of slack rain dollars uncountable
upon all subgeniuses soon?
No!
Well, the term soon is relative.
When we think of geological time,
the slow movement of continents,
the great stately progress of glaciers down from their Arctic fastnesses,
and how the wind weathers away giant mountains
into single grains of sand, one grain at a time,
we can use the word soon,
in this context,
and be accurate and truthful.
But it will happen when we are expecting it least.
This is in all the holes that fill the holy books.
And we believe in it wholeheartedly.
At least I do.
And remember,
if you see a coin on the street
and bend over and pick it up,
this is a portion of money that is coming to you.
Because reality,
has a sinusoidal nature,
and moves in waves.
It is a wave form.
And what you see is a fractal piece
of what you may either avoid or take.
Now my good friend Ivan Stang found a $20 bill.
This means that this is the fractal portion,
the preliminary,
of a nice chunk of change that's coming his way.
It's happened to me too,
and it's always worked out.
The only problem is that as you,
for the rest of your life,
as you walk by that spot where you found the $20 bill,
you can't force your eyes not to look on the ground
for another $20 bill.
Which you think might be there.
And it might!
If some doofus who frequents that area loses a $20 bill,
he might be equally careless and lose another one.
So you really can't help doing that.
As a subgenius,
when I found that $20 bill,
I didn't look around for one more $20 bill.
I looked around for a busted open gunny sack
of $20 bills dropped by a fleeing bank robber.
And if you don't look,
you're not going to find it.
That's right.
No, remember all the cash in the room!
Alright, the next question.
Uh, this one is signed,
and I'm going to give the name at the end.
That's fine, we like that.
We like that.
Why does my penis make a whistling sound
when I masturbate?
Asks...
David Capuro, girls.
David Capuro?
Is he really here?
There's a David Capuro who signed this.
Well, in San Francisco, there is a David Capuro
who is a yo-yo master.
He's a specialist in the manipulation of the yo-yo,
which in the Philippine Islands,
back in the day, was a deadly weapon.
But David Capuro wiggles his yo-yo
for the edification and amusement of the crowd.
But he always does seem to ask questions about his penis,
which makes me think he might actually be there.
Well, let's examine this question closely.
Why does my penis make a whistling sound when I masturbate?
Well, David, if it is you and you are here,
have you ever tried a simple experiment
of putting a hot dog or a sausage
in the microwave oven and turning it on?
If you listen closely,
you may hear a plaintive whistling sound.
As this piece of beef is brutalized
by the bombardment of microwave radiation.
Your organ, David, under too much self-stimulation,
may make a similar cry for help.
You need to learn to love yourself
not only wisely, but well.
Of course, I'm speaking of subgeniuses here,
and I know a great many of them, us,
qualify for frequent masturbator miles.
Too much is always better than not enough.
But I would say that a slight amount of care
will eliminate this annoying whistling,
and the fact that you choose to encapsulate it in the question
shows that the question is important to you
and that you have the stamina, the wherewithal,
and the get-up-and-go to take this edge
off your usual pleasurable practice.
Praise Bob and the whistling penis!
And the whistling wiener.
You should try this experiment of putting a hot dog
in the microwave oven.
It almost sounds as if it's trying to tell you something
with its whining and high-pitched cries.
How can I get the microwave oven door closed on my...
No, not yours.
On a sample.
A stand-in.
A succadenaeum, as it were.
Anyway, all right, here are two questions.
All right.
Both paid for, by the way.
Excellent.
Why do I have this feeling,
asks Reverend Sun Moon-Dude,
why do I have this feeling that everyone is insane
and I'm a damn idiot?
No, you're not.
Why do you have this feeling?
Let's see it.
Why do I have this feeling that everyone is insane
and I'm a damn idiot?
Well, Reverend Sun Moon-Dude,
perception is what all your organs do.
It's what you do simultaneously
to bring you a picture of the world.
And when you are in good health,
that picture is relatively flawless.
There are some things that human intelligence
and human perspicacity
can never really pick up on.
Strange vibrations and radiations
just beyond the ability of human perception.
But if you properly form a gestalt
with all your senses,
you will receive an accurate picture.
And you are doing this
because everyone is insane
and you are a damn idiot.
God damn it.
Well, I'm sorry,
but the second part of this question was,
if your answer is,
because everyone is insane
and you are a damn idiot,
then I want my five dollars back.
And then it says this will be worth
a million dollars someday.
Well, unfortunately,
this second part does not have
the interrogative quality
which makes it a question.
It is a statement,
what we call a side note or a footnote,
and though interesting,
cannot regrettably be acted upon.
Oh, my gosh.
Yes.
When is there going to be another DeVival?
Ah, when is there going to be another DeVival?
Hopefully around November 14th.
Around November 14th.
Keep watching the area.
What did you say?
And the location?
What?
What should the location be?
Let's look through the mists of time
and see what the location of the DeVival is.
Could it be the Beachland Ballroom?
The Beachland Ballroom.
Was it the Beachland Tavern?
The Beachland Tavern,
the little old tavern on the beach.
Wonderful.
Well, good to know.
All right.
Death before dishonors,
drugs before lunch.
Later.
That's right.
Enjoy a work-free drug place.
Yeah, actually,
it's kind of funny.
We actually transmitted some information,
and it feels kind of good, you know?
It does feel good.
I feel a little bit cleaner now.
It feels really good.
The first DeVival I ever went to, actually,
was at the Euclid Tavern,
and I had a pretty good night, actually.
I got picked up that night.
Well, you know, Euclid looked on Beauty Bear.
What did you get picked up for?
Not picked up for, picked up by...
He was picked up for indolence, intransigence,
and inefficiency.
It was kind of crazy, actually.
I never expected...
You see, it really works, folks.
...that I'll promise to join our church,
and you will get laid.
I never expected that to be true.
It really does happen.
We offer benefits that no other religion can provide.
I can show you too many details.
I know too many details.
You have read the literature.
Oh, yes, and the pleasure saucers, and...
You do follow the controversy.
Y'all boys are wild.
I've been listening in.
You guys, you guys are special.
Thank you.
Wow.
Wow.
We're special.
Yes, they call me Special Ed.
We're special.
Wow.
That made my night to have a total stranger say that we're special, actually.
Well, we are.
We're each and every one of us.
We're special in here.
I wish I could work with you, maybe.
I don't think you need to say it.
I think y'all know already.
I think y'all know you're special.
Well, just don't lose your specialness on this special evening.
Please?
We are all special.
Oh, yeah.
We are special.
I'll have the special, too.
I ordered the special.
You ordered the special today, too?
I ordered the special, yes.
I'm still waiting.
We are all too special.
Sorry, I'm a too much on the back of the kitchen.
We are all too special, for we are all each one part of this whole universe.
We'll have two more specials, then.
And the universe will not be the same.
Just concentrate on the pure, bright, white light of imbecility.
Actually, I maintain that the birth of any person, uh, is a birth of a person.






It diminishes the value of all other persons.
Particularly the lower births.
Always try to get the upper birth.
Because, you know, it's just a matter of supply and demand, and human life has...
Or the afterbirth.
We had that special show on Ant-Man's birthmarks in Vivid Technica.
That's so tasty.

Okay, seven billion people on Earth.
How much, uh, how much is that per person?
How much is life worth?
Twenty-nine ninety-five.
I don't know.
What is the global per capita income on average?
That's something I never see.
Like, uh, you know, you see it for countries, but I wonder what it is globally.
Well, I don't know.



It's just a matter of supply and demand.
And can that even be a measure of the...
Well, I don't know.
Basically, it's just a supply and demand issue.
Human life...
Isn't that what we said last night?
Think globularly, act loco?
There's a colloquium.
Oh, yes.
I think the supply of human life value is the demand.
I'm sorry, cut.
Speak up.
What if you're a person who's special and it's really a demand for you?
Oh, man.
That's, that's something, too.
Some people, you know, some people are not that special.
Yeah.
And there ain't no demand for them.
But if you're special, you gotta be more valuable.
Yeah.

Because it's a demand for you.
Yeah.
Well, then you have to spread the specialness around into every crack and crevice and crevice.
Every crack and crevice.
Buttered up with specialness.
The supply of life outweighs the demand.
Too many people are following the story of Onan and not laying their seeds still because
they don't want to piss off God.
Pulling out does not work.
Because, you know, God laid the smack down on Onan after he pulled out.
You know, all he's doing is...
You know, all he's doing is...
All you public teenagers can't be wrong.
He's practicing...
Unless they're talking about pulling out.
He's practicing contraception, not self-abuse.
So Onan is tarred with the brush right from the start.
Unfairly charged with a crime he did not commit, although there was reason for God to be quite
angry with him and to hurl a thunderbolt which reduced him to a tiny grease spot in the margins
of the Bible.
God fucks us all in the end.
There we go, those seven magically malign words.
But that's what they say.
It is painful to come into this world and painful to leave it.
And in a blaze of irritable ouchness we live our lives.
That's true.
Unless you die in your sleep.
Well, we can't sleep now, but we can answer your questions if you want to call in and...
We'll do our best to tell you the answers to the things that are troubling you.
We've got a panel of experts up here.
Any question...
A church service...
Is possible.
There is no question off limits.
Provided by this radio station and the Church of the Subgenius.
Just think, any question.
For example, you might want to know how much the earth weighs or something like that.
So just call in and we'll tell you.
Actually, hey.
I think we're gonna take another call here.
You're gonna have to...
I'll show you my bacon.
I have a question.
Ask your question.
How much does Bob weigh?
Ooh, how much does Bob weigh?
There's a question for you, Dr. Howell.
Can Bob lift... make himself so fat that he cannot lift himself?
I think that...
I'm gonna guess before you answer.
Well, all right.
You're welcome to do that.
Guess Bob's weight.
My guess is that Bob travels at the speed of light and therefore his mass is infinite.
I'm gonna guess.
Well, if Bob were to do that...
Yes, but we're talking about Bob at rest.
Ooh, no, no.
Oh, look, the collar hung up.

I was going to say 265 pounds, too.
Well, that's just one of those mysteries.
Who's still with us?
I'm here.
I'm here.
Having a signal interruption, a little bit of difficulty.
You see, part of Bob's makeup is heavy matter from extrasolar planets, which, like deuterium,
is the...











is quite compressed, like the heart of a neutron star.
But a far more significant puzzle in the annals of the subgenius is the search for the missing
artifact, the holy grail of the Church of the Soul Genius, the scissors of sight.
What we need is to locate the famous scissors of sight, and we are stumped, since the true
scissors have been lost to mutant kind for many centuries.
In a private letter, Reverend Ivan Stang, I will now quote him, said,
No man to be found.
No man today has those scissors.
He also said that the scissors were most likely created from the remains of a huge Atlantean
crystal, the misuse and subsequent explosion which caused that continent to sink with a
watery splash beneath the waves.
As the Atlanteans were major contributors to the gene pool that eventually produced
the subgenius race, it does seem plausible that rather than trying to rebuild the lost
empire, the remaining Atlanteans would instead be the ones who would be the ones to be found.
The only thing that is more likely to happen is that the scissors were used to create the
power icons, before tragically diluting their seed, like Onan, by cross breeding with ancient
pink human slave tribes they themselves had helped to create.
It is from this distant epoch, 80 to 79 million BC, that the scissors and many other powerful,
but little known, sur dure perceives originate.
I hope you have been satisfied by this answer to your question.
Friends, George Bush wanted a faith-based religion.
Fuck religion!
Fuck the faith-based religion!
We need a face-based religion!
And this is the face to base your religion on!
Why?
Why should you worship Bob?
That's the dumbest question in the world.
The answer is, because!
That is the answer!
Why should you worship Bob?
Because!
Bob is coming!
Bob!
Bob!
Is!
Coming!
I'm actually excited about the new $20 bill coming out this fall.
The one with the peekaboo view of Andrew Jackson.
Oh yeah.
Like the fashion 20?
Oh yeah, it's multi-colored.
You can hold them up to the light.
They fluoresce and you can hear a little tune played.
All to defeat the scourge of counterfeiting.
Mammon comes in pretty colors now.
When are they going to come out with those Tamagotchi bills you have to feed and care
care for as long as you have them.
Oh Lord, another responsibility.
The future was supposed to be easier.
I don't understand why we have to make everything harder and harder.
Like to operate your telephone, you need an instruction manual thicker than a phone book.
Far larger than the actual telephone.
Well, this isn't the way Hugo Gernsback said it would be.
No kidding.
The only thing that really is up to snuff in the future is special effects in movies
about the future.
Oh, those are way better than I ever expected to live to see.
I don't agree with that actually.
Really?
I mean, some of them are pretty good, but...
Oh, you're a kid.
You don't know.
When you were young, Dr. Hall and I had to live...
We were weaned on Ray Harryhausen movies.
On the analog special effects.
Depends on how far back you're talking.
You are on the air.
Hey, can you guys play the Savage Revenge of Helen Keller?
I wonder what Helen Keller would think of that music if she were alive.
She could sense the vibration.
She would be able to hear it.
She would be able to hear her skin.
Well, it might give her a good gut feeling.
Yeah.
Yeah, she was a filthy commie actually.
It's something they don't really teach you in history class.
I was aware that she was a very angry child.
Enlightened and progressive individual.
Into polyamory way ahead of her time.
She could take on whole teams of her cricket players.
She was very violent.
Had cricket lighters.
But these days...
She liked to break things.
Well, it's only records.
Because of course she couldn't hear them.
She would always fall and...
But she did learn to communicate.
And to become a writer.
Whose words reached millions.
People used to trip her a lot.
No, no one would do that.
Because they liked the old girl.
Tired to string her together.
They liked her, you see.
She had that quality of likability.
And so you'd just like her and that was that.
Unlike some...
Like some people.
When you see them, well, you have the opposite.
I think I'm one of those people.
With the woeful countenance.
Listen, I hope...
They call it the mark of Cain.
God's brand.
To show the incipient evil.
I think I got that.
It's written as plain as day.
Right on your forehead.
As large as life.
As big as a barn door.
And there's no way you can scrub it off.
Neither.
Now I don't know if I've even come close to answering your question.
But you are connected and you have a chance to ask a question.
So...
Hello?
So ask if you have the stamina.
Oh.
Well, I guess the caller doesn't want to ask a question.
Nonetheless, like a green shoot of a plant that only blooms every 100 years.
This brief interval is open to those who want to ask questions and will receive answers.
Of course, I have to say I don't claim to have any supernatural powers.
But you might be surprised at how I resolve your uncertainty.
And tell you that the keys that you lost are in the left hand of the top drawer of the chest of drawers in the garage.
We make absolutely no claims to the accuracy of these answers.
But we do have answers.
We have answers aplenty.
What we don't got is questioners.
So come on, you sons of...
You sons of...
I won't even say what you all are.
You just don't have it.
Who's gonna fight the next war?
By God.
Dr. Howell, where is Uncle Wilbur's real will?
Well, now, I'm glad you asked me that question.
Of course, the will that was probated is everyone's idea of the real will.
But just between you and me and the gate post, there is an opportunity to retrieve another will.
So I'll see you about that opportunity when we're off the air and we can do a little bit of private business.
Yes, we got a live one here.
All right, speak your mind.
What isn't Bob?
What isn't Bob?
What isn't Bob?
What isn't Bob?
Well, every piece of hair tearing tension and back breaking strain.
Everything that's scratchy, itchy and unpleasant.
Everything that's gritty, smelly.
Slimy and scummy.
That is the non slackful essence of the non Bob.
The domain of the being we call, when we have to speak his name at all, Neegi.
Oh, he's a little bit of a...
Interesting.
And you made us mention him.
You know, the thing is on the radio, what you talk about, you see in your mind's eye.
So now we're all looking at Neegi.
Thank you very much.
You're certainly not welcome.
Or you are.
Oh, stop it.
Oh, look what you've done.
I'm going to start a stick up here, man.
They're up chucking on the board here.
Oh.
Well.
Well, maybe you have another question which will make up for your last one.
Are you holy?
Well, this is a high holy day, so, hi.
Yeah, we are holy in that the word of Bob, the pollen of Bob, brushes off on our clothing
and makes us have a little of that insectoid Dobbs glimmer.
Hmm.
I just meant, do you have holes like the Swiss cheese?
We could turn off the lights in this studio and we could still see.
Let's put it that way.
Interesting.
Interesting.
I actually meant, I wanted to know if you had holes like Swiss cheese.
Well, I do and so do you and so does every man.
They're called pores.
Pores.
And through these holes, the skin breathes a hearty breath.
But why can I not see them?
Well, you can if you employ a simple magnification device.
Interesting.
I've never heard of this before.
Just believe us.
You don't have to.
You don't have to.
You don't need any evidence.
You don't need that scientific mumbo jumbo.
Proof.
Proof.
Proof.
You need to learn how to respect.
How did you know his name was Jimbo?
Authority figures and the words they tell you.
You need to learn how to take it.
But I fear that, like, in my personal flack, respect, it's not a good thing.


It causes me to go against my flack.
Well, the skin is to a limited degree porous.
On the other hand, it's a very good protector and keeps anything from penetrating.
So it's only penetrable on the micro level to a certain insignificant depth.
So don't worry about those little holes.
There's plenty to worry about in this world.
But the skin holds us back.
You know, one of the most horrible things the conspiracy ever did to us was, you know,

making it such that over a phone line and a radio broadcast and, you know, words kind
of get mumbled.
To say that, give me slack, it kind of almost sounds like give me flack, if you say it fast enough.
Oh, no, no, we don't want that.
That was a terrible thing to say.
The flub genius must be lax.
Yeah, there you go.
See how easy it is to misinterpret these essential slogans.
So listen carefully and we will attempt to transmit loud and clear.
Did he say there must be flack?
Yes, flax.
It's good for you, man.
That's got all the omega-3 fatty acids you need.
And lanolin, sheep oil.
It's better for you than the competition.
I warned you of that.
Now, if you want to ask one more question, we can squeeze you in.
We could squeeze you into a lot of places, man.
I've been squeezed into very uncomfortable places before.
Yes, all right.
Well, thank you for that thought.
And how about that question?
Yeah.
I have no more questions.
I think that you've answered everything and nothing.
So you're complacent and absolutely satisfied with things as they are?
I'm never satisfied and I always will be.
Well, then you seem to have achieved the slack essence on your own.
And we can do nothing more for you.
Thank you.
That will be $30.
$30?
Yes, that's how much you'd pay, you know, a couple of nights eating out and it would
be gone.
But here you pay for your subgenius essence.
That'll be with you always.
Believe me.
I have so much slack that I don't have $30.
It's slacked right out of my pocket.
Oh, well, it's unfortunate because you have set in motion what we sometimes call the Omega
Contingency Plan.
Oh, dear.
But if you'll send in the $30, we can easily turn even these cruel things aside.
I forgot about the Omega Contingency Plan.
It's mentioned, though, in the official recruitment.
It sounds apocalyptic.
We never should have even started that whole thing.
Omega Contingency Plan.
I know, but when they don't send $30, it's like the tumblers of a lock moving inexorably
into position.
It just happens.
It's like the bombers that have been sent to destroy the world not being able to be
called back because of a fail-safe point.
Yes, certain ignorant folks think that you can call those bombers back, but once set
in motion, they will do their job.
I kid you not.
But I'm sure nobody wants to think about that at this point.
Right.
It's all right.
I don't know what you're all곤
Okay.
None of our nerd groups don't mind doing that, and like I said, they don't mind



Oh, it's not that sonic, escape is better.



It wasn't me, sir.





You're right, sir.

Thank you, sir.

Now then, judges, if you can put your...
To deny me of the cross I bear
That you gave to me
And I'm here
To remind you
Of the mess you left
When you went away
It's not fair
To deny me
Of the cross I bear
That you gave to me
You
Wanna know why
Oh, here comes the polka music.
Oh my goodness, this is from Final Fantasy IV.
Ah, when I was a young man
I used to put on big, heavy, heavy shoes
Much bigger than my actual size.
When I get to heaven
Gonna put on my shoes
Walk down to the river
Gonna stomp all over God's heaven
Concentrate on
A life that maybe I might have lived
Perhaps if I had known what to do
I'd been confused for so long now
I'd throw those shoes in the river
And stand back and laugh
And if I could find them now I'd
Be of stout heart
I'd drink too much of that
To have it anywhere near where
What now?
Well, you could throw them up over the telephone lines
Near a kid's school in a drug-free zone
And they'd see those big clodhoppers hanging up there.
But I take it that you're not that kind of American.
Yeah, well, I'm not that kind of
Of tishnick creep.
I don't believe in the doodads and sandwiches
I'm a full-blooded
That's right, you're a red-blooded hunk of
He-Man, an asshole.
And, of course

Yep.
And we know that what we're doing
In another part of world
Hello, pagoda realts

Is it the psychic erection network?
They're interfering with this
On the radio again
I'm so sorry
We seemed to have lost the thread
Which would have led us out of Ariadne's labyrinth
But we all do have a psychic erection now
To try
Naughty datos
halting steps through the unknown
before the darkness of abyssal ignorance
closes down around us once again.
And in the distance we can hear the heavy breathing
and snorting of the monster
leading us into oblivion.
The monster is much bigger and bigger than we ever dreamed.
Most people don't even think that monsters are a problem.
They'll find out all too late.
And giant spiders, you know, we can make light of that,
but it is a very real and significant danger.
It's an enchanting possibility,
but it also is a frightening reality
in many parts of the world we live in.
And we live in them all.
I know that you may be troubled by the idea
of withered mummies, snarling werewolves,
dribbling saliva,
and man-made monsters clumping about at night,
perhaps coming closer and closer to your door.
But, you know, we just have to live with things like this
and not be cowed.
We have to be brave and not whimpering cowards
hiding in holes in the ground,
smelling like dirt.
We live with private monsters, don't we?
Why don't we live with huge public monsters?
That's right. Let's make a contest of it
and we'll be keeping up with the Joneses' monsters.
And we can become members of the board of directors
of various different monsters
that we have a kinship or a feeling for.
That's right. It'll be good for the economy, too.
I expect an immediate uprise in stocks and bonds.
On the NASDAQ?
And I think this is going to work for us.
A chicken in every pot, a car in every garage,
and a monster in every basement.
Yep. And a chicken in every...
Did you say a chicken in every park or a car?
Oh, yeah. We're throwing in some chicken.
Also, of course, our vegetarian friends
can eat these large, congealing, floating blobs of tofu.
It's all part of the platform.
But we still have enough to stand on
even when we break them off the edges.
And, of course, the...
The parkers are all 100% Gore-Tex.
You don't have to worry about your chicken freezing
or your tofu getting too hot in the sun.
Neither the gloom of night
nor the irritations of the day
shall stay these couriers
from their appointed ground rounds
and chicken sandwiches.
Yep.
All right, this one.
Slack?
Question mark.
To slack or not to slack?
That's the question?
I think everyone can answer that one.
They don't need me.
To slack, of course.
This one has yet another question.
Why subgenius?
Well, why not?
I mean, you like the Mormons better
who were held up as an example earlier.
You know, the Mormons got their name
from worshipping the angel Moroni.
Moroni, yes.
But they can't call themselves Moron.
So they have to call themselves Mormons.
There are many religions
which make the subgenius by comparison
hardly look absurd at all.
And when you say,
why subgenius,
we say because.
As Ivan Stang said earlier.
Because.
One more quick one here.
Who's the real Junior Bob Dobbs?
Oh, Junior Bob Dobbs.
Who's the real J.R. period Bob Dobbs?
Well, I'll tell you something.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I'm very glad this question was asked
because the fact is,
like the Suriname toad,
which has many holes in its back
through which thousands of repulsive little toadettes emerge,
or the scorpion who carries a seething mass of its infants on its back.
Bob Dobbs has many children
and you are all, each and every one of you,
a son or a daughter,
or a daughter of Bob.
I am myself.
I can give you the progression
which demonstrates that I am of the Bobbly material
and am essentially Bob and a son of Bob.
Let me explain.
Perhaps some of you remember something a long time ago
called the Nixon administration.
Does anybody remember that?
Remember he had some creeps working for him?
Of course he also had the creeps.
He was the president of the Nixon administration
which was the committee to re-elect the president.
But operating those were H.R. Haldeman and John Ehrlichman.
Does anybody remember Haldeman and Ehrlichman?
Of course these names are being swept into the ash heap of history.
But try to remember, for a moment,
that there was a Haldeman and Ehrlichman.
Well, Haldeman was H.R. Haldeman.
Just as there is a J.R. Dobbs.
H.R. stands for Harry Robinson.
Haldeman was H.R. Robbins Haldeman.
Well, it happens that my given name is Harry Robbins.
He was also known as Bob Haldeman.
Well, if he can call himself Bob
on the basis of being named Harry Robbins,
which is exactly my name,
then I, too, am Bob.
I am Bob.
And people ask me about this suit.
I am one of Bob's children.
I am Bob's big boy.
I was wondering about that.
Yes, let's go on.
A burger for Bob.
The pay is a cigarette butt.
A soggy cigarette butt.
And yet, I will answer the question.
Because, as I said before, these people have already tithed
to Bob in paying their admission fee.
Here's the card that came with it.
An absolute blank card.
A blank question.
Well, the blank...
Are you sure?
This might not even have been an official question.
But let's assume that it is.
The blank card demands an answer
which is full of information.
Enough information to fill a card.
And, of course, if you write real tiny,
this could encapsulate the entire Oxford English Dictionary
and the complete works of Charles Dickens.
Fortunately, there are municipal buildings
in towns of this size.
Libraries, we call them.
And I recommend that you go there
to receive the complete answer,
which time does not permit me to relate,
from the blank card.
Very nice.
And here's a very interesting one,
signed by Reverend Nicky.
Reverend Nicky?
What does the subgenius essence taste like?
What does the subgenius essence taste like?
The subgenius essence.
Well, it is a slightly salty flavor.
With an undertaste of sweetness.
Lasting sweetness.
A sweetness that you might feel
at the back of your throat
after receiving a full blast
of the true subgenius essence.
Something as sweet as
the scent of a new morn hay.
Or rain after a long, parching thirst.
But, of course, in order to taste
the subgenius essence properly,
one must drink deep.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Now, can Bob create a rock so big
that not even he can smoke it?
If so, where can I find it?
And does he take American Express?
Woo!
Bob does not deal,
in the sense that you mean.
Bob can, indeed, create a rock
of this enormous size.
But not by trying to.
Bob doesn't do anything on purpose.
Bob is simply a lucky son of a gun.
He surfs the luck plane.
And simply by being himself,
the world's most perfect slackless man,
achieves all.
Woo-hoo!
We must all try to be like Bob.
And then we can receive
enormous dumps of greatness.
Oh, so poetically put.
This question from someone named Probe.
Probe?
How can I get the cute straight guy
sitting at my table to let me lick his feet
and suck on his toes?
Give me $40!
Is that it?
Yeah, that's it.
How can I get the cute straight guy
sitting at my table to let me lick his feet
and suck on his toes?
By trying over and over again.
Practice makes perfect.
You've got to wear down the sales resistance,
just as Dobbs himself would do.
Remember, you don't necessarily get it
by trying too hard.
Some wonderful things happen accidentally.
And when you've given up expecting them to happen.
But they won't happen just by mooning around
and saying, I wish I would have such slack
if I could only perform this disgusting act.
No, you have to do it.
And if you end up weeping and disheveled
by the side of the road,
consider this.
If the fool will persist in his folly,
he will become wise.
He will be wise.
Well worth the price paid for that answer.
Now this one came with the...
Yes, I see, with the long green,
the kale, the cabbage.
And it's asked by Princess Wee.
Dr. Powell, why isn't life fair?
And to follow that up,
okay, why isn't life more fair?
Why isn't life more fair?
Why isn't life fair?
And since, in case you say that it is actually,
why isn't it more...
Oh, I wouldn't say that it is.
But I am put in mind of that great sage Archimedes
who said in speaking of the lever and fulcrum principle,
give me a place to stand
and I shall lift the world.
In other words, if you have the right place
to put the fulcrum and a lever long enough,
you can shift the entire bulk of earth.
Now what was that question again?
Ah, yes, life is not more fair
because you are not standing in the right spot.
You must align yourself with the forces
which comprise life so that for you
it will be exceptionally fair and rewarding.
Of course, there's always going to be someone
standing very near you saying,
boy, you sure have a good place to stand.
I wish I could stand there.
And your answer to that question,
that person must always be,
yes, it is a good place, isn't it?
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
in every aspect of life.
They come up with this definition
of something that's perfect.
Actually, friends,
not only is there no such thing as perfect,
there's no such thing as normal.
Praise Bob!
That's why it's best for us
to let the aliens do our killing for us.
Because when we start killing,
we're subgeniuses.
We might make a mistake.
We might accidentally kill a rich subgenius
who happened to be able to afford
a decent haircut.
Try to be perfect, friends.
It's per-fucked.
It's for per-fuck it.
It's what it is.
It's a word that's hard to deal with.
I am Matt Gerard Smith.
I am talking to you today
about my new type, Archita,
and the fact that as of yet,
you have not tossed my salad in.
Why haven't you tossed my salad in?
My puckered starfish is winking at you,
all pink and brown.
Maybe it's more of a taupe color,
but it is a puckered brown eye.
Toss my salad, please.
If you do not enjoy tossing my salad,
you can return it for a full refund.
Keep the chamois as our gift to you.
