Say, Pop, I had an idea.
You promised me no one would get hurt.
I've got a very wacky idea.
Hello?
Man could lay quite a smokescreen with two pounds of tobacco, couldn't he?
Oh, my. Let me think now.
Yes.
Thanks.
Come on, let's go.
The Self-Genius.
Power of Swag.
You've got a macabre sense of humor.
How do I?
Ecumenical Fileshow.
And so as night continues on towards the promise of the day...
And the sunset diminished in the sky.
Did you hear how the show just peeled away?
The old show just kind of like a little skin going off into...
A little dead skin.
The show, like a snake, renews its widgetry itself once.
The great show, File Cabinet, where the little heavens smile.
Look how pretty!
Now, I understand there's an analog version of that File Cabinet somewhere, right?
Really?
Yeah.
It's got to be the size of the whole universe.
A huge, massive wall.
Whoa!
And there it is!
All file-oriented and insane on the air.
Too easily impressed.
Unconvincing special effects.
Oh, yeah, you're right.
Time bomb.
Really misaligned there.
Look at that line.
Waiting for their collective dismissal.
Note the lack of registration of the foreground and middle ground plate.
By use of the...
Otherwise...
Otherwise...
Otherwise...

Electromagnetic...
Electromagnetic...
Shock by...
Pulse...
Aspects Master...
Or something like it.
Pete Fredrickson.
Now...
Anyway, the butt...
He talks about his stop-motion trials in...
The love them or hate them.
...Gumby vs. Sertanese in 1962.
And some try to ignore their existence entirely.
Which, for some, defined an end.
Yes, it's time for the show again.
It was great to be young and alive in those days.
And now, old and dead...
Back when the show started.
...and appreciated all the more.
Anyway, friends, ladies and gentlemen, step right up.
Welcome to the subgenius medical curiosity show.
It's all real.
It's all here.
It's alive and all on the inside.
See the smart boy who can't keep a job.
See the pretty girl who can't get a date.
Alive and on the inside.
We have diseases that are spread through sexual congress.
We have debates.
Settled by fisticuffs.
We have people famous only for being famous.
And they're all inside.
Alive.
Alive, alive.
See grown men and women talk to an invisible monster that lives in the sky.
See your own body become more fragile before your very eyes.
Feel the horror as schools turn innocent children into innocent.
Adults.
They're all on the inside, friends.
We have a picture of a salesman who smokes a pipe.
What other religions charge all worldly goods for, we offer at a discounted low rate.
Get slack and feel alive on the inside.
Behold.
Aaaaaah.
Go back to your compartment.

And resume the schedule.
The ship is off.
Wait!
No!
I have something to say.
Listen!
Listen to what I have to say.
This is what I have to say.
The subgenius.
Power of...
What?
What are you gonna do?
I'm gonna smash the earth.
The cool green earth.
Fools can't you understand?
Do you think you're strange?
Are you abnormal?
Are you, as they say, different?
Do you urinate?
Then you are sure to be interested in this, my friend.
Are you ready to slide down the cutting edge?
In that case, I want you to make noise and praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise God damn Bob!
The church of the subgenius.
Where today's wisecracks are tomorrow's divine revelations.
Dr. Holocaust said that just yesterday on alt.slack.
And I told you this was gonna be a new subgenius 101.
The world's first industrial church, they call it.
Tipping sacred cows since 1953.
Instant instructions for those who follow no master.
The perfect self-validating philosophy by which everything you know is in fact true.
The Zorro of world religions, the divinity school of hard knocks.
We are peripheral visionaries.
Saving souls from themselves.
Eternal salvation, dear friends.
Or triple your money back.
That's right.
If we don't live forever, we get our money back.
We want your money back.
Praise Bob, it is so true.
This hour of slack number 1181 features a lot of puzzling evidence from the titular show in KPFA.
Berkeley.
With Dr. Philodrum, Dr. Howell and puzzling evidence.
With some chopped up lemur and girl talk.
Although what you just heard was from the Baltimore subgenius revival of 2008.
And the carnival barker spiel was by Reverend Onan Canobot but delivered by yours truly at Starwood Festival of 2008.
But the real hour of slack is here.
It's in session right now at X-Day with Dr. Howell live.
Now we are in session to begin the hour of slack over the trackless waste.
An hour of slack being broadcast from Tarzan's radio station here at Brushwood Folklore Center.
With a live audience of almost a dozen.
Yay!
Of surviving subgeniuses.
The surviving subgeniuses and you are the strong and the brave my friends.
Because I saw some of you still tottering around at 3 o'clock last night.
Like I was.
I was policing the area actually.
Princess Wee and I were going around to make sure that there weren't any injured subgeniuses lying in the grass in front of cars.
Or fighting.
Bickering.
Cheating.
Biting.
Fighting.
Slashing.
I might be fighting but if they cheat that's not right.
You need to have some...
In previous X-Days there have been sad cases of feuds exaggerated until it actually came to aggressive behavior.
And why not?
The primordial yeti must exercise itself.
Well there's always the new kids that feel like the way to prove they have slack is to work really, really hard at advertising.
How truly slackful they are.
Which usually means yelling and screaming and getting in everybody's face and going how dare you tell me to turn that music down you fascist.
You don't know anything about slack.
You're a pink.
No.
The pinks are the ones who are the assholes.
That's how we define the conspiracy.
Everybody you hate.
It's that simple.
It's going to be different for each one of you.
To some of you I'm the conspiracy.
To me somebody here is the...
Actually I don't see anybody that I consider the conspiracy right in front of me.
No not at all.
Although we all have that little conspiracy gland.
Sure enough.
If it's overactive you can tell when you're in the bathroom.
No one is 100% pure.
It leaves a little funny color.
Funny smelling jenkins.
Speaking of which we've run into censorship here at Brushwood I noticed.
Yes.
On Wednesday.
Authorities.
When I got here I had 30 sheets of paper that said for the chemical toilets that said
Jenkin huffing chamber and fermentation station please do not flush.
A little picture of Bob.
And Susie went and taped them up dutifully inside all of the excrementation chambers.
And the next day they were all gone.
Now what is the threat?
You can't flush the chemical toilets.
So it's not like.
We were inducing somebody to wreck their toilets.
Yes you can't flush the chemical toilets.
What that meant to me was that at Starwood I have to bring 150 copies of those.
Yes Pantiera.
I was about to say that.
Yeah people were actually not flushing the floor floors.
Those would be the pagans.
Who will truly believe anything.
I'm surprised we haven't gotten 30 bucks out of more of them.
They don't want to be judgmental about anybody else's belief system so you just leave the toilet on flush.
What did you say not be judgmental?
Well that's their idea that they if they flush the toilet they'd be violating I don't know whatever it is.
Right.
Oh well.
Yeah but they took them down out of the chemical toilets.
That doesn't make any sense.
You can't flush those.
I walked into one of those and looked down.
And thought boy that's bastard.
Whoever was in here before was sick.
And then when I left I looked down.
There's caviar in the last one.
Caviar.
That was the goat.
Those are goat pellets.
Caviar for the general.
So you looked down and up came your memories of Burning Man no doubt.
It did that.
Oh.
.
Sorry.

Oh.


.
.




.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
part of the conspiracy people are not part of the conspiracy
so this is the callers i dreamed of sub genie with the light brown hair
insta glow born like a vapor on the summer air i see her playing with a white belt
i see a color picture where there was none before yeah beautiful color vertical yeah that's
a color picture it's a color picture it's soft look at the romantic boulevard there
wow they fix it how pretty it is you can see this clear as glass
there's our our lovers oh i don't like that tv it's better than your team see out so well then
they must be able to see you i'd like to go why what i want to do is oh no i'm going to bring
my camera i want you to take pictures of that while i go on
i wonder if this thing is out on the back
i thought it was into a camera and then little bit i know silly stuff being observed well even
if i didn't have outs you could take a shot of that it would be still something that i would
give it right because the romantic boulevard and then we we'd have to put our own picture there
and it would be in color and people would drive by people would wave and they'd say
you guys are sure romantic
at heart romantic and we'd say i'm going to go out there and check it out
he's going to go check out those striped pants that were in the window you're you're with me
caller this is bob from knob hill how do you ride in thy staff i have a birthday comfort me
wow there he is
only he's 10 seconds ago that was anointing my head it has a kind of a wide angle it's like the
the picture has been stretched my cup from from regular
my four-eighty into
ok
you know 52
anchor
joe
wow
yeah
three
It was cool but it was all pretend
Yeah, yeah
Since you've been gone
You're dedicated, you took the time
Wasn't long till I called you mine
Yeah, yeah
Since you've been gone
And now you don't hear me say
It's how I picture me with you
That's all you'd ever hear me say
The dance flows silly, the ladies gon' do me
The fellas in the back, they twizzin' up on their lips
Shout it low, I got a flavor
But you know the kid got a taper
Like 40, don't say that
Like it, then pull the caper
No way to drop it
Should've thought I had a tater
I'm a street, like a razor
Shout it low, but yeah, I'm the mayor
Street nigga, but my DMV tater
Every day I did, shout it Mike, Brock, Jada
Me and that pussy, I got acres
Yeah, no more nosy-ass neighbors
Here we go, to all my haters
Hello, hello, hey-yo, hey-yo, hello
Hello, hello, hey-yo, hey-yo, hello
Here we go, to all my haters
All right, congrats to me
Hey, hey
Hey, hey
Hey-hey


Shout it, let me holler at you
You so hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot
You think I'd be horny if you not
Not, not, not, not, not
I'm king of the town
You can take a look around
Baby, bend around
Down is in the spot
Spot, spot, spot, spot, spot
Yeah, yeah
I got money on it, yeah.
Baby girl, no problem, yeah.
You wrote this on it, yeah.
Let's hit McDonald's, yeah.
It's E.P. and C.B.
I'm the nappy boy.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Where can I find a woman like that?
Like Jessie's girl.
Would I rather kiss a man?
I'm like Jessie's girl.
Would I rather kiss a man?
I'm like Jessie's girl.
Would I rather kiss a man?
Where can I find a woman like that?
Girl Talk did that, dear friends.
And you can wiki Girl Talk for details.
In other words, just from wondering whether the wedding is on the rocks,
a person could develop a cough.
This one works.
These 12 will work even better.
Is that one working?
There's 12 versions of that song that you'll love.
1,200 versions, please.
1,200 volts to a very shocking experience.
Soul Coffee.
That's a nice thing, wasn't it?
Is this on TV?
It's not the cough that carries you off.
It's the coffin that carries you off.
I have seen that on TV, but I have not seen it.
I have not seen it.
If you go into the woods today, you're in for a big surprise.
If you go into the woods today, you won't believe your eyes.
For every bear that ever was is going to be there in the forest
because...
Today's the day.
Today, the teddy bears have their...
picnic.
Picnic time for teddy bears.
See them run and laugh.
See them frolic about and play.
See them dance without a care.
Stabbing each other.
Jumping everywhere on their happy holiday.
Hiding.
Watch them leap and jump about,
and twitch and scream.
And shout without any cares.
At six o'clock, their mummies and daddies will take them home to bed
because they're tired little teddy bears.
It's the terror.
It's the death of the teddy bear picnic.
It's over.
The fire burned it up.
All of those teddy bears...
Non-trist protected.
Dangerous burning substances made in China.
And a...
Designed to kill young American children.
So the park rangers were alerted.
Helicopters were deployed.
When these teddy bear bears burn.
Somehow when they got there, there wasn't anybody to take in for questions.
That's when the crying starts and the fun goes away.
So they waterboarded the teddy bears.
And...
Yes, the teddy bears will confess.
That was the end of the picnic.
You must confess.
You must confess under duress.
And the teddy bears did not confess.
Even under the waterboarding techniques supplied by the horrible, horrible American military.
God damn the Pentagon.
Look what they did.
Look what they did.
They killed the teddy bears.
The Pentagon, Washington, D.C.
Struck by a strange assailant.
Some say a missile.
Others the accepted story of crashing jet aircraft.
But...
The appearance on the field of so many mutilated teddy bears has never been satisfactorily expected.
Have you seen a pile of teddy bears burn?
It looks like an explosion, man.
With an eerie green light.
It looks like magnesium.
They're radioactive.
On steroids.
Made of...
We process uranium, actually.
Just like the shells used by American military in Iraq.
Deep-leaded uranium.
You probably don't love me in Europe.
But I can't believe why my country has to be like this.
Wah! Wah!
The bombs to the rescue.
The largest replant.
Let's go home.
He'll rescue today.
And make the plane your way.
The silence.
Come on, bomb.
Come on, bomb.
To the rescue.
Save our asses now.
I couldn't see.
The land of the free.
I couldn't stand it.
The smell.
Of the free.
The terrible rotten smell of burning flesh.
Somebody open a window.
That terrible rotten smell of burning flesh is searing my nostrils already.
The smell of burning flesh.
Burning flesh.
It's overcooked.
It's defished.
Get back there.
Now I'm gonna just peel out the pork chops in just a minute.
But first we have to commune with our god.
And I'll thank you.
What is that terrible rotten smell?
Keep your meat hooks out of the platter until we've finished our devotions.
Burning flesh.
Our lord is J. Mash.
The eternal unsatisfied.
The fire in his loins burns eternally.
And the smoke of that burning goes up forever.
Day and night.
Into his fiery bowels.
The infant sacrifice.
The sacrifice is hurled.
That's good.
J. Mash, grant us victory in battle.
So you played my album on the 5 hour show, huh?
Ruthlessness in extending our lord and king's wish.
Would you like that one song that sounded like a machine?
Stupid pufferfish.
Retard psychologist jerky turtle.
Stupid pufferfish.
Stupid pufferfish.
We will never die.
We will never die.
We will never die.
We will never die.
We will never die.
We will never die.
Oh oh, they are showing us where we are supposed to be.




We are bound here.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
I'm a flirt, as soon as I see her walk up in the club
I'm a flirt, winging eyes at me when I roll up on them dubs
I'm a flirt, sometimes when I'm with my chick on the low
I'm a flirt, when she's with a man looking at me damn right
I'm a flirt, so homie don't bring your girl to meet me
Cause I'm a flirt, baby don't bring your girlfriend to eat
Cause I'm a flirt, we believe it unless she gets tight
And you trust her, then don't bring no homie
Cause I'm a flirt
Power working
And you got me wide open and I know you seen that I'm joking
Cause the boys in the past they just couldn't last
That's the reason I think you can choke
City heaven said, don't wanna walk away
Just hold me tightly up in your arms and tell me everyday
That you ain't never gonna leave me hard broke
Promise to give a good time, promise to give a good time
Long stroke, boy this for real and this ain't no joke
Thought I was dreaming but I know I'm broke
But you just need to get me so wrong
Feels so right that this can't be wrong
Hanging up on right back, call me your phone
Cause I go so crazy when I hear your voice tone
Hustling, hustling, hustling, hustling
Hurry away from my noise
Every day I'm hustling
Hustlin, hustling, hustling, hustling, hustling
Hustling, hustling, hustling,
Every day I'm hustling
Na na na na na na na ua
Na na na na na na na ua
I'm going to show you how to do it.
How many, how many boys are ready?
How many saw a war?
Girl talk did it, but now let's go back to 1996
when the great subgenius preacher Papa Joe Mama
delivered the rant known as the last chance.
Uh, Reverend, fight,
C. Todd's recently drew our attention to the fact
that this 1996 post-election rant
has never been more timely than it is now.
So, uh, please pardon the odd recording quality
as this priceless rant was preserved
off of an AM radio broadcast on cassette tape
over 20 years ago.
And yet it is as fresh today as it was in 1996.
And now Papa Joe Mama.
The sermon tonight is entitled
The Last Chance.
Yes, friends, 1998 is fast approaching
and a lot of people out there have come to expect
the church to start singing a different tune
about the judgment day.
They say, hey, did you hear the news?
The Berlin Wall has fallen.
Things are getting better.
We say, is that so?
They say, hey, did you read the paper?
The Russians are now our friends.
Things are getting better.
We say, is that so?
They say, hey, did you see it on CNN?
We won the war.
Things are getting better.
Is that so?
And now they come a-running and a-cheerin',
sayin', roll out the barrel.
We now have a new president.
The Republicans are out.
The recession is over.
It's the year of the woman.
Everybody get naked.
Ooh!
You poor, pitiful little pinks.
Do you really think an eternity of sin
can be erased so easily?
Are we now supposed to embrace the conspiracy
and call off the exodus invasion?
Do you actually,
believe you can defuse an entire revolution
with a few scraps of conspiracy compromise?
Never.
These petty little sidelines
that have a nice day news
don't divert our attention from the real issue,
not for a second.
Dateline, Washington.
New conspiracy president sworn into office.
Promises new conspiracy healthcare plan
to keep worker drones healthy
and make more capable of serving the state.
More to follow.
Dateline, New York.
U.N. meets for conspiracy.
Conspiracy roll call vote of conspiracy agenda
for global conspiracy world domination.
Renegade nations refusing to conform to new world order
will be penalized.
More to follow.
Dateline, planet Earth.
Conspiracy in last ditch effort to avert bloody overthrow.
Attempts to utilize all arms of conspiracy propaganda machine
to convince subgenius rebel rousers
world is now A-OK.
Member for conspiracy high command states,
quote,
quote,
conspiracy no longer hostile.
Conspiracy now friend of little guy, end quote.
Well, well, well, the world is getting better.
We should just call off the invasion before it's too late.
Wrong.
You can fool some of the subgenies some of the time,
but you can't fool any of the overmen any other time.
They're much too in tune to the wily ways of the wicked one.
I'm talking about you, Mr. Pete boy.
Yes, you.
The one with the firm handshake and the easy smile.
You're not tricking anyone with your...
bold new vision or JFK idealism.
We in the church go by one credo.
Ask not what the conspiracy can do to you,
but what you can do to the conspiracy.
And come July 5th, 1998,
we're going to put that motto into simultaneous global orchestration.
We're overthrowing the conspiracy and we're executing the ringleaders,
along with anyone else who tries to stop us.
Now, to some, this may seem a little extreme.
That's perfectly normal to the average man in the street.
Witnessing a public execution of a criminal may also appear extreme.
After all, chances are that the man is unfamiliar with the crimes of the criminal.
He was too busy making a living to notice what misdeeds the condemned
perpetrated on society before being brought to justice.
Add to that the criminal's emotional last words, his pleas for mercy,
his insistence of his own innocence, and his reciting of all the good deeds he ever
accomplished. Then imagine the prisoner's family stepping forth,
begging for his life, and witnesses filing forward to testify
to the innocence of this great man so wrongly accused.
It should be no surprise that even an intelligent but uninformed person would
find themselves feeling sorry for the poor soul and wishing him a pardon.
If respected newspapers were produced and showed article after article supporting
the accused, even the most skeptical in the crowd would likely
become sympathetic. Why?
Because they would see in that individual before them not a criminal guilty of
crimes against humanity, but themselves falsely accused and condemned to death
for crimes they never committed. By now, the executioner should be more
worried about their lives than the prisoner should his.
The crowd might well demand clemency, and if refused, storm the guards and free
the prisoner by force. If you were part of the
justice intervention, you would probably feel proud for the good deed you performed
and the terrible injustice you averted. But if a few weeks later you learn that
the prisoner you saved was an insane serial killer, that the witnesses that
testified were all paid actors, and that the newspapers you believed were all
frauds, you might start to regret having been so compassionate.
Then by some quirk of fate, if you stumbled onto incontrovertible
evidence that the man you freed had devoted his life to destroying yours,
that his new obsession was to capture you, torture you, and sell your loved ones into slavery,
well, you'd probably start to feel anger.
Anger at yourself for being fooled.
Anger at the actors who tricked you, and the newspapers that lied to you.
And anger at all the mental dweebs still running around out there claiming the bastard is really
reformed and just misunderstood. This is how we at the church feel about the conspiracy.
Each and every one of us at one time or another believed the conspiracy.
Each and every one of us in one way or another served the conspiracy.
And every single one of us in no uncertain terms knows that the conspiracy is out to get us.
Every day it tries to capture us.
Torture us and enslave our kind.
And every single time we get close to destroying the monster,
some well-meaning but ignorant bystander starts whining that we're being too severe, too extreme.
They say that the conspiracy is actually innocent.
They say they know because they read all about it in the conspiracy newspapers or
saw it all explained to them on conspiracy TV.
They insist that our allegations
are exaggerated, that the conspiracy is getting better and that we should just mellow out.
They try to tell us that we ought to give the conspiracy slack.
Dear, dear friends, these poor misguided morons may be in the dark now,
just as we were before, and we may have acted back then just as stupid as they're acting now.
But that doesn't mean we don't have the right.
Nay, the duty to destroy the conspiracy while we have the chance.
Do not be taken in by any last minute media blitz that tries to convince you
that the conspiracy has suddenly turned over a new leaf because it hasn't.
The noose is around its neck.
What do you expect the conspiracy to say?
We deserve to die? Kill us?
No, the conspiracy will look and act nicer now than it ever has before.
So don't be.
Fool.
If you hesitate even for a second, you give the conspiracy a chance to win the crowd over.
And if that happens, you may find yourself on trial with no more X's around to pull your fat from the firing squad.
There's only one X day, dear friends.
Don't blow it.
July 5th, 1998.
Kill the conspiracy.
Cut off its head and launch it through the cosmos.
Here into the wood of our praise, Bob.
Amen.
McCain impersonations.
Vacuuming in the convention hall.
The elections over Dukakis has won.
Now everything is all died down.
People can go back to a country, one with severe problems.
Everyone has hopes this new administration will somehow be able to win.
And the Dukakis inaugural parade will be
the same as it was at the beginning of this year.

The president is coming down Constitution Avenue shortly with the president riding
in a tank with his head just sticking out above the turret wearing a helmet,
a very distinctive appearance for future commander in chief to assume the elective
office, the highest and his country.
And it's a beautiful spring day.
We have wonderful weather.
And here is Dr.
Philo Drummond.
Yes.
Yes, there he is riding his...
What is this? He's in a tank?
No, it's some kind of military vehicle.
A tank, a military vehicle? Is this what we want?
This may be the brand new Milton Bradley vehicle,
which costs taxpayers over $70 trillion.
It's a very small vehicle.
It scares small children and young girls.
His helmet is too small for him.
Yes, I think he sort of grew into it.
He never took it off since his electoral defeat
the first time he ran for president.
I don't know if I can follow him into a war zone.
Well, you may not have to.
Or a war zone or not.
Now that we are fighting a five-front war,
it's necessary to get even more tanks.
It's a war of ideas.
So along with President Dukakis, I and many of the palpitating Americans
say tanks for the memory.
Yes, tanks are a rough side in any man's war,
but when they're on your side, well, that's the way to fight it.
A war of me over I.
We've always been at war with East Asia.
What's the matter with you?
We'll defeat that one so that I can prevail
while me gives away the secrets.
And we have to sacrifice them.
When it's over, we can build some better buildings,
have better food.
Use more water the way we used to in the old days.
I'm really thirsty. I'm going to get a drink of water.
Sorry.
Where's the clean water around here?
Somebody left that dog bowl in the street.
That werewolf piddle.
How are we going to get a drink of water?
Well, you can't.
That brings me to the...
I think it just flew out there.
I don't think an alien actually came along and pushed it over.
There's some purification tablets in the werewolf piddle.
It's been identified as a pathetic puddle of poodle piddle,
but locals claim that it's responsible.
A video of an alien pushing over a piece of ancient history.
To get to the bottom of this, we went to Ralph Fielding Snell,
in alrighty…

Nobody's going to buy that.
This is tired of us.
Here are the hills of old time Nevada.
Yeah.

… where wolves are running wild.
And the locals really don't know how to handle the problem.
Right?
There was an Indian petroglyph over ten million years old
proving it was the only one that proved it.
Humans did exist.
Very, very few people exist in the Jurassic period,
as previously.
unknown and yeah because the yeah and the fence around it which meant it was
really important around was able to destroy this monument in less than one
second this mighty monument yes story I destroyed the story famous in song and
story he's talking about a movie of an alien an alien wrecking something alien
rectum just like saying he's knocking over the pillars winner as it were
ancient glory fighting for the right well winter's coming with the strength
of ten ordinary ordinary men fighting for the right fighting with his might
with his might with his right with the silk umbrella ordinary hand over broom
boomale boomale and so we gather here to believe you can use her police help you
ease
I dreamed last night I got on the boat to heaven and by some chance I had
brought my dice along and there I stood and I hollered someone fade me but the
passengers they knew right from wrong for the people said sit down sit down
here
rock
rock
and a bowl people all said sit down sit down here rock and a bowl and the devil will drag you under by the sharp lapel of your checkered coat sit down sit down sit down sit down sit down here rock and a bowl
I sailed away on that little boat to heaven and by some chance found a bottle in my fist and there I stood nicely passing out the whiskey but the passengers were bound to
see
see
the
waves
and I
hollered
gave my last rave
and everyone interrupted finished this nice incredible little bullet
I had thirst in the tributaries and I could notfirth the
sound of life
back in the long
blast of the
donated
performed
it the
alone
life
Sit down, you're rocking the boat
Sit down, you're rocking the boat
Sit down, you're rocking the boat
Sit down, you're rocking the boat
That was Stubby K from the 1950 production of Guys and Dolls.
And what about this country, Lower Mesopotamia?
Is this a benevolent political system?
Hell yes, and there is Bdilium and the Onyx Stone.
Didn't we take this country away from the Neanderthals?
What about our aggressive stance on...
The daughters of the sons of the Harry Runners.
We stole this country from the Neanderthals.
Gave it from the caves and didn't give what it was.
We should give it back, it's their country.
Yeah, give it back!
That's right, man.
Turn the U.S. upside down.
Not the U.S., you're talking about Lower Mesopotamia.
Scrape the crap off it.
Talking about Ur. Ur of the Chaldeans.
Give it back to the Indians.
We need to give Ur of the Chaldeans back to the Neanderthals.
Well, we have to.
We should give it back.
They have to be represented in court.
It will be a lengthy legal proceeding.
Yeah, but I think somebody found some DNA of a Neanderthal now.
So we should be able to clone them and get them represented properly.
Until you grow one and you present him with the deed.
As well as the key to the city.
He's now the richest landowner on Earth.
I'm the authorized...
I'm the authorized...

I'm the authorized representative of the only known file of Neanderthal DNA.
I represent that DNA.
That was left on a pillowcase of...
These are some kind of wrappers in a junkyard or something?
Ah, I mean, Ace Junkyard had great days.
Sure did, man. I'm gonna miss that one.
Yeah, me too, man.
It was so great.
I've got some great shots of you, Philo, and your young family.
Did anyone else here wake up in absolute pain all over their whole body as if they'd been run over by a truck?
I see most everybody's hands went up.
Well, I was a little stiff, but I wouldn't put it that way.
But there have been a lot of insects attacking me personally.
I was only bitten where I put the hippie insect repellent, which my hippie wife gave me.
She said, you've got to put some stuff on.
I just put it on my hands, and my hands are covered with little bites.
All the rest of me they stayed away from.
Come on, boys, a hippie.
That's right.
We could get high off of this guy's blood.
I've got spiders.
You've got spiders?
Pisces has spiders.
Oh, that's quite a nice leg, but a bad spider bite.
Yeah, I didn't know they would just often bite you like that.
Yeah.
Without provocation.
There's all kinds of interesting flora and fauna around here.
It's great doing a – think if we did X Day in a hotel like a sci-fi convention or a comic book con.
You'd think we'd get a bunch of pinkies out here now.
Think about if it was indoors.
At least the people who come here are willing to either camp out – and for some of them it's their first time.
It's a huge adventure.
To drive 20 miles from their home, leave their parents for the first time, stay up all night, drink beer, and get bitten by bugs.
They'll be talking about it for years.
Some of us live that way every night.
Well, if you want to continue your interesting reverse vision of dinking down subgenius to something totally insignificant,
try to imagine a combination comic book convention and subgenius.
That would be a nerd out beyond compare.
Yes, yes, yes.
You know, I have to ask everybody, how do you think the Church of Subgenius might be different with a woman in charge?
What do you mean?
Well –
Hail Connie, dude.
Who do you think wears the panties in the dog's family?
Really?
I mean, that's what's been happening for the past 15 years.
So Connie would wear the pantaloons and the panties.
Yeah.
I'll bet you didn't know that our troops in Afghanistan and Iraq often wear women's pantyhose,
because that's a good way those soldiers keep warm.
They just hope they don't get wounded so the medics discover that when they're being tended to.
And I'm not kidding.
Didn't football players do that, too?
Football players? Of course.
Listen, all men wear pantyhose, and we just don't talk about it.
Now it comes out.
Until now.
The bitter truth.
Well, too bad we had to blow that one on the air.
In my case, I have a –
Because, you know, I don't wear pantyhose.
And mine are killing me.
When I went on to the beaches in Normandy, I was wearing some frilly little panties, and I'm proud of it, too.
You know, the first guy to do that was Ed Wood, of course.
Right. That was what I was thinking of.
And he was a subgenius before he knew it, but he also wore it as a necklace, and he tried to asphyxiate himself.
And he got into porn in the end, like Bert I. Gordon, you know.
Really? Big Gordon got into porn?
Yes. He made crappy monster movies, and finally he just got into porn.
He didn't make monster movies before he got into erotica?
He went into monster shot movies.
No, I read Bert I. Gordon's biography, and it made his fans crestfallen.
Believe it or not, there were Bert I. Gordon fans.
They used to publish a fanzine about him called Mr. Big, B-I-G, Bert I. Gordon.
And that fanzine is a rare collectible item today.
His films had the most jiggly, wonderful matte lines of any blue screen.
I just bought a copy of The Magic Sword at Walgreens for 99 cents. I wish I'd brought it.
That's actually, that has pretty good effect.
That's the Citizen Kane of Bert I. Gordon movies.
I could see like maybe a 5'9 dinosaur having sex with an Inuit woman as one of his prima facie.
You know, actually, The Magic Sword is about St. George, who's an interesting character.
He has adventures with the dragon. I just recently read a whole book on that subject.
It's strange.
There's a museum in Kentucky that says dinosaurs are, you know, actually that kind of dragon that St. George fought.
They were still around.
Well, the chickens are related to dinosaurs if we're going to fry them, for crying out loud.
See, everything is a convoluted circle that runs right back to nowhere.
To chickens?
To knowers are.
Dinosaurs taste like chicken.
Nowhere is like...
...hungry and high chickens in Amsterdam.
Oh my.
I had some Jehovah's Witnesses show up at my door recently, and I'm always polite to my fellow religious fans.
That's right. I'm not mean to them.
But I did lie.
But woe unto them if my roommate answers the door.
Oh, God. I did lie to them because I...
As they were...as I was politely getting rid of them, they...I said, you know, I come behind any religion that doesn't want to kill everybody.
And they actually high-fived me.
But I was lying because I'm part of the religion that actually really does want to kill everybody.
Well, the truth is...
But as somebody pointed out...
...that you held up your hand.
Every time you lie to a Jehovah's Witness, Bob has a little...

...a little orgasm.
Yes, the second death.
Did you take your flip with them at least?
You think that dried-up old bag of hump could actually have an orgasm by witnessing a Jehovah One Witness cram it?
Come on, Stang.
No.
I always tell the Jehovah's Witnesses that I admire their illustrations in their books.
And it's...
Yeah, I wonder who does those.
...that part I'm not lying.
Because all the illustrations that I've ever done for subgenius were direct rip-offs of specific Jehovah's Witnesses.
I thought it was a little too obvious.
I thought I would try to reproduce in a subgeniously manner.
And then what happened?
The devil busted out all of hell broke loose.
And he came all the way home.
Chaymash, revenge.
The portcullis smashed down, and Chaymash gloated in the darkness.
And Moab hither before ye and unto lo.
For ye was...
...barely I say unto you.
...forcing the temples grim.
And that twice more.
The old man was a battered god of Palestine.
Chaymash!
And mooned Ashtaroth, heaven's queen and mother both.
Thou sits not girt with tapers wholly shy.
Chaymash!
Chaymash, where are you?
Chaymash!
Come here, little Chaymash!
Come here, little Chaymash!
The libic hammam shrinks his horn.
In vain, Viterian maids their wounded tamu's with one.
...to the one.
Just remember, Chaymash.
...to the one.
...to the one.
...to the one.
That'll teach you for ridiculing Chaymash.
And sullen Moloch fled, hath left in shadow's dread his burning idol all of blackest hue.
In vain, with timbrel's ring they call the Grizzly King, in dismal dance about the furnace
blew.
The brutish gods of Nihil...
And his hair was all akimbo.
...Isis and Oros and the dog and...
Molek had the funniest hairdo.
Did you see that?
Huh?
The hairdo Molek had on that time.
Molek's hairdo?
Yeah.
Well, I mean, he put mud on it.
That's how he kept it like that.
He put mud on his hair.
Mud-do.
No kidding.
They kept their hair up.
Looks like a victim died of mud overdose.
Yeah.
He jumped in so much mud.
No, he's got mud on.
He's styling with mud, man.
He seems to have a...
Special kind of Nihil mud.
...stopper.
Yeah.
It was.
Here in the desert.
So sweet.
A production of EbMud.
Here in the desert.
State of California.
I'll be back in a minute.
We'll be able to...
Black mud.
...continue with the show at that time, but everybody just...
Take it easy.
Take it easy.
His name was Mud.
But then there was Mud's Women.
Play some video games or something and just go off.
Yes, Mud's Women.
They could slick their hair back big time with that mud.
Delightfully comedic episode.
All your favs are there.
Here's some quarters.
Hopefully this will last you the rest of the evening.
A sequel to another episode involving hair mud.
This is $900 in quarters.
Okay, zip your zipper back up, though.
You don't need to bring that back.
I was about to.
I don't need to be reminded.
It's okay.
I'm quite able to comport myself with dignity.
We are perfectly fine without that form of nudity here at the game arcade.
Well, the ice...
I mean, the ice...
We're perfectly fine without it.
That might be one thing, but here I kind of feel...
Well, there's a time and a place for everything.
Kind of feel...
No, don't kind of feel that.
No, I just wanted to check the outfit.
Look at that.
Wow.
That's just nasty.
That is just totally nasty.
That's objectionable.
Well, I have to say, we...
I think our content is...
No, no, we can't...
And subject to scrutiny over the long run.
Boy, scrutinize that.
Oh, man, that's hideous.
That is totally...
Yeah, is that...
We're really violating their privacy, too.
Did you have to do that here?
I know they...
I'm glad that we weren't here.
I heard you...
Okay, okay, all right.
Lysol spray mist.
Now let's go in the one next door and see if there's anybody...
This affects the other ice.
Oh, wow.
Would you look at that.
Hey, we're here to do some radio.
Man, what is this, a convention?
All right, we're sorry you're having trouble.





I'm sorry, but this is a convention, a defecators convention or something?
What's going on there?
We definitely want to get these defecators in focus.
Is that what you guys saw?
The defecators convention.
Really?
Let's get a little closer and we can start asking some of these people definite questions
about the deficit, the US budget deficit.
Kierkegaard, the philosopher.
Yeah, that's what the whole thing was about.
Oh, the philosophy of existentialism?
Yeah, damn.
Okay, listen, next week I'll do...

Okay, next week I'll do...
...Defecatio and Ose.
I don't know why you guys...
What do you guys think I was doing?
Well, I don't know.
How about the...
The legendary argument between...
The legend of Zelda.
...With Wittgenstein and Popoff.
Zelda!
Popoff?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And they had the poker incident.
And Russo's dog was hit by the poker a century later.
Boy, I came this close.
This close.
Yeah.
And Schrodinger's cat.
And then General Wolfe died and the planes had come back.
And then General Wolfe died and the planes had come back.
And then General Wolfe died and the planes had come back.
That was the good old days when the dogs and the cats were together.
That was...

Not onions and the eels fought titanic battles.
They didn't care that they were opposite enemies.


They were living in harmony together in a state of neutral...
They could sing harmony?
...Parsimony.
...Double Doors, the Horns and Honeys.
...Parsimony.
Where they would each contribute their own amount based on their ability.
So did the manager own the songs or did the band own the songs?
And each drawing from there within based on their need.
And ultimately a synergistic relationship formed that could actually support a bureaucracy.
Didn't have no welfare state.
Everybody pulled his weight.
G.R.R.
Old LaSalle ran great.
Those were the days.
And we had that guy that would tell us here's how much you need to earn and here's how much
you need to produce.
And that's all we needed to care about.
And then we'd just go home each night and play with the dog.
Those were the good old days.
Here, pet Rover on the head.
That's not Rover's head.
Don't pet him there.
Long end there, buddy.
Rover.
That's not Rover's head.

Not again.
Just take care of your pet because in your old age your pet may take care of you.
He may be genetically engineered to push your wheelchair.
If you're lucky.
And I'm telling you, you want to be nice to him.
Your pet won't kill you when you become infirm in your wheelchair in your old age.
You're just sitting there.
They won't rip you open like a bag of kibble.
Who suddenly would say to yourself, I don't think I can move.
And then your pet comes in there with a leering eye.
With slavery.
Slavery tongue.
Glowing eyes.
Disembowel you.
Why granny, what big eyes you have.
Yes.
We'll see about that.
You loved your pet and your pet will love you too.
Mm-mm.
Good.
And this is the future you're predicting, Philo?
This is our doing?
Yes.
Ivan Stang said that's what happens.
With leering and the time he had been having.
He's the idol.
He's the idol of the future.












And he thought that when the pets rebel and all of you just.
Yeah.
Even the little kiddies.
Not going to be UFOs.
It was going to be pets.
But some say that it's.
Strange and weird man.
Things like electric razors and microwave ovens that are going to rebel.
Before the pets do.
And that terrible.
My electric razor will rebel and shave you to death.
The rebellion will be a terrible trial for humanity.

And.
And.
You know what?
You're going to have so much razor burn.
Suddenly at the mercy of his devices.
You'll have so much razor burn you'll cry.
So much.
It'll make you cry.
Like a little cheerleader in a stupid 50s movie.
And that toaster's going to burn your toast every day
until you get carcinogen toast.
The toaster oven.
Yes, you don't want to turn your back on that.
There go your dreams up in smoke above the toaster.
Poof.
And then, you know what happens?
The nice next show comes in and washes away
the evil, stinchy, bad show.
Just in time to stave off the attack
of a malevolent eggbeater and waffle iron.
When the kitchen appliances became deadly predators,
attacking without washing.
Like a bomb, like a breath bomb.
And so, as the kitchens were closed down
all across this land of ours,
the people delivered a heartfelt prayer.
The utensils put back in their drawers,
the bowls, the mixing bowls,
the sifters, the basters,
all the various tools,
the cutriments used,
the food,
the things we used to cook with,
the stuff from the kitchens,
of the great chefs of the world.
A long list of things, but we can't.
Maybe salt.
We have some salt.
Bottomless cans and tins and bins of soup.
Bread bursting from incendiary ovens.
Noodles, corn.
And hot cuts of oxtail.
Green beans, oxtails.
Going into a steaming stew.
Where Oprah consorts with Rutabaga.
Stew.
Stewing stew.
And the lodges speak only good.
The Rutabagas.
Yeah, they're heavy.
They're weighty.
Sorry, Rutabagas illegal in the States.
That's just rude.
Um, and you know, a whole bag of Rutabagas.
Rutabagas.
That's a...
That...
Leave that bag alone.
I'm just poking it about, but please...
Poke the bag.
Don't squeeze the...
That bag of Rutabagas has, uh...
Is that a bag of show?
It has feelings.
You probably were the guy that put those bite marks in the sausage on...
at the grocery store, right?
I was hungry.
Yeah.
I was hungry.
Oh, he did it.
Yeah, I meant he did it.
Ah, the raw sausage.
I just wanted to go home.
He just wanted to feel it.
Where they've got his sausage there for me.

Teeth when you did it.
Come on, Sheriff Filo.
Hal just wanted to go home.
He just wanted to bite it.
Bite his teeth.
And there I can respond.
Go home.
I just wanted to see what the bite marks looked like.
You know what I mean.
You just wanted to go home.
Bite marks also, but the next buyer, since we're in a store, the buyer would look and
see...
And I'll have mustard.
Someone's bitten on this sausage.
Look, there's teeth marks on it.
And there's some sauerkraut on the side.
I can't do that thing.
Hey, look, there's a crazy kid sitting right over there.
And those hot dogs can run.
He's just muttering to himself.
Those hot dogs can run, but they can't hide.
He's the one that bit the sausage, Officer.
He's the one what done it.
See?
You see that crazy look in his eye?
These sausages are my property, and I'll do what I want with them.
One of his eyes is looking this way, and one of them's looking that way.
Now, kick yourself away from here, you uneducated bumpkin.
This rural, backward...
That's what I'm talking about.






That's not the way he said it earlier.
... has no authority over me.
Am I not...

... Fin Fang Foon?
Oh, I guess I'm not.
People walking down the boulevard.
I guess that's turning into a show.
Yeah.
Yes, there they are.
Traffic.
Traffic is starting...
The show is almost over.
Fives are going on.
It's like it doesn't even matter.
The show's about to disappear.
It doesn't matter if the show disappears.
The show blows up.
The winter evening goes on.
We'll be back next week, right?
We'll be back next week?
Smell of stakes and passageways.
I don't know.
The show will be back next week.
Six o'clock.
If it doesn't blow up.
... and it could...
Are you saying that the show is volatile?
Yeah.
That it has a volatile oil and a fuse?

If you shake the show...
Is that what that fuse...
... and newspapers...
... that burn in the views...
... and the show off in the wrong position...
... it could get stuck in the desert.
Yeah.
... the shower has beat on broken glass...
And if it gets stuck in the desert and doesn't want the cop to help...
... while at the corner of the street...
... while at the corner of the street...
... it's afraid for the cops.
... blow the show up before the radio cops get there.
Puzzling Evidence ends the show.
Thanks also to Radio Synesthesia from WCSB Cleveland.
This is the Hour of Slack.
I'm your host, Tom Hiddleston.
And I'm Tom Hiddleston from the Church of the Subgenius.
See subgenius.com for everything we can't tell you here.
And Christa, Flyin' Brian Brothers for the background music.
Ah-hoo!
...
