The hour has come, Karis.
The moment for which you have waited so long.
Ragab has seen your bride, Princess Ananka, taken away.
Now, you shall go to take her.
You know your destination.
Drink.
Drink from the brew of the nine Tana leaves.
And any who would stand in your way,
kill.
Kill!
And now, menacing all mankind and every creature on Earth,
comes the...
...Soul Genius, Power of Swarm!
No one would have believed in the middle of the 20th century
that Uranus is surrounded by an unbreathable atmosphere
eloquent of fertility.
The power of the Sun.
What you got in here, fella? Tickin' like a bomb?
Goin' crazy.
Everything all right?
Twelve o'clock and all is well.
It's just a matter of time before the sun sets.
The stars look far away.
They are far away.
But the one we want, it's not so far.
See it there?
It's the shiny one.
The bright one over on the right.
It's hard to believe there are people there.
People like us.
People like us.
People like us.
It's the third planet from the Sun.
It's called...
...Earth.
And we could talk about sex, friends.
Some people seem to be interested in that for some reason.
I actually have to wonder...
We were gonna do a workshop, a sex workshop, called Bragging.
Is it really more important than the sex?
I've sure heard a lot more bragging than I've heard sex around here.
As Bob said, just because it happened to you, that doesn't make it interesting.
And, however, let me brag.
I've noticed that whereas some people can hurt other people's feelings by bragging about who they have done,
there are others who...
The only way they can hurt people's feelings is to brag about who they declined to do.
So, I'm not going to get myself into trouble anywhere that way.
But, yeah, they go, what?
Sex in the Church of the Subgenius?
How can this be?
I thought it was all a bunch of nerdy boys.
And it was!
It was!
For the entire duration of the 1980s, the Church of the Subgenius did indeed look like a GWAR concert.
And then...
That has changed.
Oh, you were the one girl at the GWAR concert, weren't you?
A focus of many energies.
Friends, we discovered that it's true.
In more ways than one.
If you build it, they will come.
And we lied.
We said that the Church of the Subgenius was not just a UFO crazy Bob cult, but it was a sex cult.
And after about ten years, it came true!
Praise Bob and hail Connie!
Praise Bob!
Friends, we don't stand on the shoulders of giants like some cult leaders do.
We hump furiously at the backs of the necks of giants!
We are piggybacking on those giants and raping their neck back at the same time.
We maul to the beauty of the toward foe!
TOUT enfrentung der nichts!
He97

Mass imagen
Possividade
Pacie
I got an infection and it spread to my dick
It swelled up to the size of a human head
And then a mouth opened on it and this is what it said
Kill the pink boys, quit your job
Mock the world and praise Bob Dobbs
We'll build a ship and take a trip
Go on, go get a pen, write the coordinates
Three and a half months in my garage
Tearing parts off of old used cars
My groin at this point was unusually large
And went occasionally home while smoking cigars
The project was finished, the ship would hold twenty
The power source was anything the crew would think was funny
We didn't need the slackless, they're hapless
Our mouth proved its worth in escaping the stark fist
On our way to Planet X for sex that wrecks necks
A prairie squid and every pot of money shot a coney twang
It's an all-hoss hour of bonanza
It's like a world without Tony Danza
Or Fanzo, the pink shit that hits the charts
In a world of dead art, simultaneous lobotomy and sodomy
We take a moment and we pause to reflect
On the pinks that we killed and the plants that we killed
Planet that they wrecked, and we laugh like banshees
And howl like Comanches, do a victory dance
In our underoos and panties, our fantasy is a reality
Earth's tarnished in dust, is Planet X a bust for us?
Bob's pipe is lit, space and time shift
A temporal disturbance that causes a slack rift
A withdraw then a hit, a dimensional split
Severs forever, subgeni from pink shit
Bob walked in a circle and steadily exhaled
In the smoke, I can see why the pink boys failed
To pay a naze has caused destruction
Sick and whole
Of slackless suction
Paper view alien abduction
Functioning on soulless slack
The money should be painted black
The mate from space that stole your balls
Will soon come back and take it all
Return to slack, return to Bob
Repent slack off and quit your job
Or slurp the beastly knob
Connery!
Lick the throbbing vein of slavery
Now you're sleeping like a baby
But Bob woke me up and said
Get out of Dodge
There's a guy who's dick and top
With a UFO in his garage
I ate some bad ham and I got really sick
And in a puddle of my puke
Where the puke was most thick
A mouse did appear and it beckoned me near
And it whispered the following words into my ear
It said, kill the pink boys, quit your job
Mock the world and praise Bob Dobbs
You'll build a ship and take a trip
Go on, go get a pen, write the coordinates
Six and a half months, hold up alone
Circuit boards, duct tape and turkey bones
The ship appeared more than designed to be a ship
It was disaster prone
But the vomit assured me that far weirder ships had flown
The project was finished, the ship would hold twenty
The power source was anything the crew would think was funny
We didn't need the slack list or hapless
Our mirth proved its worth in escaping this dark fist
On our way to Planet X for sex that wrecks necks
A prairie squid and every pot of money shot a coney twang
It's an all-hoss hour of bonanza
It's like a world without Tony Danza
All fans of the pink shit that hits the charts
In a world of dead art, simultaneous lobotomy and sodomy
We take a moment to remember the world without Tony Danza



We tool up any moment and we pause to reflect
On the pinks that we killed and the planet that they wrecked
Then we laugh like banshees and howl like Comanches
Do a victory dance in our underoos and panties
Our fantasy is a reality
Earth turns to dust
It's Planet X or Bustros
Oh, yes dear friends, such a religious, religious song
by the El Queso All-Stars,
our brothers in slack
from out there in the desert lands.
Uh, yes.
The El Queso All-Stars.
And friends, we are in an X-Day spirit here,
waiting for that day,
that day that Bob foretold
when the dues-paying subgeniuses will be saved
by the X-ists,
the alien sex goddesses
who will lift us up
onto their saucers of escape
in that great event that we call the Rupture,
when Bob will give us the slack we paid for
and make us overmen and uberfemmes
and give us our own escape planets of our own design.
We can be whatever we want
and we can do whatever we want.
We can do whatever we want
to those pinky-winkies down below on Earth.
You know, the disbelievers,
those who did not love Bob enough.
Anyway, friends, thanks to
Fernanda Nande-Lemur for the title sequence,
Mr. Sister for the clips after that,
and Ace of Cleveland,
and Starwood2006 for the ranting platform.
We have more of that.
And thanks to Brushwood for allowing Starwood and X-Day,
Drills, to happen there.
We've got an X-Day Drill coming up there in New York
at Brushwood this July 5th.
This'll be our 10th X-Day.
Friends, this background music by the,
the Kirkendall Void is great,
but it has some genius-y,
it's actually, it's my CD player, it's not them.
Anyway, as I was saying, friends,
yes, we've got X-Day Drill coming up.
It'll be our 10th X-Day Drill.
Last year we had X-Day Drill number nine,
where we recorded the great Dr. Howell
premiering a new song,
an X-Day song that he composed on the way there.
Well, I've got the one I did,
so I could do that one.
Oh, your song?
Yeah.
Whip it out.
All right.
I'm going to...
Not that, the song!
Too late.
The X-Day song that I wrote in the airport.
I had to circle around and around forever,
thinking I would actually never get here.
X-Day is here,
the mountains fall,
I cringe and hide my head.
I never send in,
my 30 bucks,
my soul is filled with dread.
Oh, Bob just let me live,
And all that is mine,
I most surely will give.
Oh, lift me away
on your bright saucer ship.
To my sub-genius home,
Oh, bear me away
on your bright shining ship.
to my sub-genius home, Oh, bear me away on your bright shining ship.

my subgenius home.
I laughed at Bob,
ah woe is me,
I thirst for slack in vain.
Now he still grins
and smokes his pipe,
I must have been insane.
Oh Bob, just let me live,
and all that is mine
I most surely will give.
Oh lift me away
on your bright saucer ship
to my subgenius home.
Oh bear me away
on your bright shining ship
to my subgenius home.
I saw the pinks and normals flee,
the dreadful harvest from the sky.
They perished like the melting snow,
yet not a one knows why.
Oh Bob, just let me live,
and all that is mine
I most surely will give.
Oh lift me away
on your bright saucer ship
to my subgenius home.
Oh bear me away
on your bright shining ship

on your bright shining ship.
to my subgenius home.
The towers of the proud did fall,
there was no shelter from that storm.
While far above,
subgeniuses watched
in comfort safe and warm.
It was a dream,
but then I woke,
the rupture still can be mine,
and I was in the dark.
I wrote out a check to Ivan Stang,
now Bob's grin seems benign.
Oh Bob, just let me live,
and all that is mine
I most surely will give.
Oh lift me away
on your bright saucer ship
to my subgenius home.
Oh bear me away
on your bright shining ship
to my subgenius home.
Oh that's so beautiful.
There, there.
It's all right.
My grandpa used to sing that to me
back long years before you even wrote that song.
Yes I know.
Well you see,
in the bosom of the people,
the simple-minded faith in Bob persists.
The gap-toothed credulity,
which supports Bob and all his works,
it comes from the horny-handed sons of the soil,
the salt of the earth,
the pepper who've been mustered
in the ranks and legions on the great day.
Hallelujah gobble.
You sure got a pretty mouth, Dr. Howell.
I'm not sure I like to hear that kind of language
in this here rural setting.
But we have much to explain
and explicate of the many wonderful
and notable works and wonders of Bob.
I think you did your job.
Rob McClendon's

So while since I stayed, I guess I should believe
Maybe next year will be better than the last
I still remember the last thing that Bob said
As he was leaving, how the drills go by so fast
And it's one more day up in the saucer
And it's one more night in Rushwood
If a Friday Jones could be my pilot
I wish she would
Na na na na, na na na na, na na na na
Na na na na, na na na na, na na na na
Na na na na, yeah
The smell of the boys and of normals
And the feeling that they all can't help
But sit in my face
With my third eye I look across the mill
The way to see he exists
On their way to burn this place
And it's one more day up in the saucer
And it's one more night in Rushwood
If saucer dreams alone could bring me Susie
Maybe I could
Na na na na, na na na na, na na na na
Na na na na, na na na na, yeah
Na na na na, na na na na, na na na na
Na na na na, na na na na, na na na na
Na na na na, yeah
I cruised the Slattern Mansion some time after 2am
And talked a little while about the way I was feeling
About the church
But the conspiracy makes you move a little slower
Makes you talk a little lower about the day that we take over
It's been a while since next day and I guess I will believe
Maybe next year will be better than the last
I can't remember all the times I played the hour of slack
And wish my wish would make it come to pass
So it's 6.59 on board the saucer
But it's 7.01 in Rushwood
I have never made it to an X day
I guess I should
Na na na na
Na na na na, na na na na, na na na na
Na na na na, yeah
Na na na, na na ,na na na, na na na
Na na na, na na na, na na na, la na na
Na na na, na na, la na na, la la, la la, lá la, la la, la la, la la, la la, la la, la la.
Na na na, na na, na na, la na na, na na na, la la, la la, la la.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And please don't forget to wear all the special equipment we've given you
and quote as many of the silly science fiction phrases like proton pack, nuclear device,
a weekend whacker, and all of the other things that we've been telling you as you board the ships.
If it makes you feel better.
Also remember, after boarding the ships, there's a brief moment of unconsciousness called the swoon,
followed by some indigenous music played by aborigines.
On a didgeridoo.
And there's the smell of acrid fires burning as the Temple of Truth goes up all poo-poo.
A friendly reminder again.
See?
Sack after sack of delicious coffee beans will be ground for your delectation and enjoyment.
And for some of you, your bodies will be ground and made part of that sample sumptuous ritual.
Yes, there will be that communication of communion.
We call it the mingling.
Oh, by the way, speaking of which, Scotty is in space finally.
Yeah, isn't that great?
For those of you who haven't heard...
That is fantastic. I thought that was great.
James Doolin.
Thank you.
He was the actor who played...
They also found a new planet.
Yes, well, they don't really know what this planet's like yet.
They say they think it might be rocky or it might have water.
Or the water might have burned off.
They haven't even looked at it directly.
Oh, yeah.
The new planet, that's like we would all weigh five times as much as we do now.
Right.
Exactly.
So breathing would be quite a bit of work.
Live on that planet.
Oh, those would be some big people.
Well, they could come in all sizes.
They'll just be...
They could be a little squat.
We don't even know if they would be people or not.
You know, the funny thing about life is that, you know, life on Earth has certain conventions.
You know, you expect to see certain types of organs on terrestrial life.
But that's only because these conventions came about earlier on in the evolution of life.
They were very practical ones because they were the ones that worked over such a very long period of time.
But there are millions...
So you can expect them to show up on a world that's like this world.
Right.
Right.
Well, there are...
The sun is a slightly different...
So that alone would make it different.
What I'm saying is there are millions and millions of other combinations of parts and functions
that could contribute to the viability of a species.
And any one of those could have evolved instead of the ones that evolved in terrestrial life.
So in that case, you might...
And it's because of that so cool that now we have to actually start thinking about stuff like that.
It's life, Jim, but not as we know it.
Isn't that the planet...
Isn't that the...
The solar system or planet that we said is like 2 trillion miles away?
Yeah.
It's actually relatively close.
It's like 20.5 light years away.
20 light years.
If we achieve light speed...
Sure, man.
Oh, yeah.
At a half light speed, it would only take 40 years to get there.
It actually would take us closer to like 20,000 years to get there at our...
Well, at our current speeds now, but I...
I said at half light speed.
They know of...
There are already ideas for, you know, for almost light speed travel that...
That they're working on now.
Would be fantastic.
This...
You know, there's...
And everybody get together and work on this problem because that could very...
You know, this discovery alone could change the way that humans think about the universe.
Oh, we're not using...
There's two-thirds of this planet that we're...
We haven't even begun to put apartment buildings on.
To despoil, yeah.
It would be a lot easier to deal with than some other places.
We...
We...

In a Walmart.
You know, and also, there's...
Nobody's been able to make a biosphere yet that works.
There's no...
Every attempt to make a self-sustaining environment that several people could live in that didn't require refreshment from outside hasn't been...
You know, nobody's been able to do that.
Another funny...
There was that biosphere experiment in the desert that went on for several years, and they just...
It was a miserable failure.
Because of bacteria.
I mean, they learned a lot, but...
Because of bacteria.
They learned how difficult.
That's what happens when you let potheads in there and let them have parties.
That's not what happened, you fool.
Anyway, the...
Another funny thing about, you know, possible extraterrestrial life is it...
It wouldn't even necessarily...
Not only does it not necessarily have to have the same kinds of parts and functions that terrestrial life has,
there's also the possibility it's not even necessarily made of proteins as we know them.
There are other possibilities for self-replicating molecules other than the ones we have.
It could be gas.
It could be ashes.
It could be liquid.
Well, the...
They could be cloudlets.
Or foglets.
What I don't like about the hydrogen-based life forms is they're rude, and they smell awful.
I mean, I'm still talking carbon-based.
You know, they won't let you smoke around them.
They're just awful.
They're...
Well, and they're all on...
They're all on DHMO.
Oh.
They're tripping on DHMO.
That's the worst, man.
Yeah.
You know, they hang out with...
They're not a bad crowd.
They hang out with that racing crowd.
Oh, a bunch of gas bags.
Yeah.
They call us water bags.
Ugly bags of water, they call us.
Ha-ha.
Yeah.
I tell you, boys, the Galactic Federation ain't what it's cracked at today.
Okay.
You know what I think...
You can take it from me.
You can take it from me.
I'm from another time.
I don't know whether it's the future or the past, but it's really not that different.
It's different from the way things are right here on Earth.
Just that it's smellier.
Right now, I will give you all my money.
All for me.
Bob's of X-Day, friends.
Recorded at X-Day 9 by Reverend Rosna, who came there all the way from Germany.
But now I think he's in Scotchman land.
That was just part one.
Part two is too dirty.
That was all the subgeniuses saying, Bob.
Like froggies, like little froggies.
And before that, we heard some radio synesthesia from WCSB Cleveland with Dr. Sinister and his guests.
And this that you're listening to is the Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
I can't get no.
That is sanctioned.
I can't get no.
That is sanctioned.
Because I try.
And I try.
And I try.
And I try.
I can't get no.
I can't get no.
When I'm driving in my car.
And that man comes on the radio.
He's telling me more and more about the useless information supposed to fire my imagination.
The subgenius.
The power of Slack.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That's what I say.
Space.
Yes.
Now, let me see.
I heard something.
What was that?
I don't know.
What is it?
It's just a Joshua tree.
From outer space.
No, no, that's not what I mean.
Well, what do you mean?
I'm not sure.
What?
I don't know.
Something.
Oh, brother.
That figures.
Hey, what's going on?
I don't know.
Let's get out of here.
Ah!
Oh, the slime comes.
It comes.
In the doctrinally correct Church of the Subgenius,
we don't have many rules or many goals.
There's only one rule, and that is, pardon my language,
but fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Believe it or not, that is a philosophy you can live by,
and I'm dead serious.
You really can.
In fact, you have to.
Otherwise, you end up letting them tell you how to live your life, you know.
There's only one rule.


There's only one real purpose and meaning to life,
besides getting slack for yourself and 30 bucks for Bob.
And that's the ooze squirt, friends.
That time that comes at the end of the sex,
the meaning of life is not to procreate.
It's just the fun part of it.
That's all.
In other words, gluttony is okay.
Sex, just for fun, is not only okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.



You have to do it.
As I said, even if it involves somebody else.
Two huge interlocking circles, markings on the desert soil
that cannot be seen from the ground, but can be seen from the heavens.
I think they're not designed to be seen by human beings, but by alien beings.
Michael Pattinson says he was a member of the Church of Scientology for 23 years.
Now he's a disgruntled ex-member who says the circles are signposts
for reincarnated Scientologists who come from outer space.
There are markings to show the location of one of the vaults
which Scientology has prepared to safeguard the technology of L. Ron Hubbard.
See, I don't think that Nostradamus really has made all these predictions.
I think that there's actually been a cabal that, you know,
okay, Nostradamus was a fun guy.
Yeah, he could tell you, you know, what kind of underwear you were wearing at a party and stuff.
Only because he...
He, you know, snuck a peek.
Right.
Yeah, because he snuck a peek.
He was waiting in your dressing room.
But people understood that, you know, people falsely misunderstood that he could see into the future,
so they decided to start exploiting him.
No, I don't think so, because you ever heard a story what freaks me out
is when he went by that kid and he knew he was going to be the pope in the future?
Yeah, you know what that is?
That's a story.
I don't know about a story.
Yeah, I heard it was documented.
I heard he did a few things in front of a few people.
What kind of document?
It moved out.
Who was that dude who was famous?
Casey, what was his name?
Casey something?
Casey, I don't think Casey Jones, because he was driving his train.
But who was that dude?
Casey, somebody who would...
Edgar Cayce.
Edgar Cayce.
Who was it?
That's right, Edgar Cayce, the sleeping prophet.
Yeah.
Of Kentucky.
Think of a tape on him.
Have you ever heard of that one?
You're right.
You're in Edgar Cayce territory.
That's right.
I knew people who knew people who knew people that worked with Edgar Cayce.
Doctors that were real impressed by his trance diagnoses.
He would go into a self-hypnotic trance and be able to diagnose illnesses of people far away
and prescribe mysterious unwholesome ointments and packs that you put on them.
They wouldn't even know that they had cancer.
But yeah, Edgar Cayce, yeah.
He also spouted an entire alternate history of the Earth that included Atlantis.
And in fact, that was...
That was the material that George Powell made his movie Atlantis, The Lost Continent from,
which in turn, both of those inspired a whole lot of the New Age crystal head Atlantis stuff.
A lot of that comes from good old Edgar Cayce, a small town country studio photographer.
Edgar Cayce said that the world would end in 1998.
Yes, he did.
Yes, he certainly did.
And Nostradamus said that the world would end on...
July 5th, 1999.
And Bob said the world would end on July 5th, 1998.
So we know that that date has not come yet, and all of our calendars are severely out of whack.
They're saying at least 14 years.
Oh, at least, yeah.
Which is...
For all we know, it could be a thousand years.
I heard 19 years once.
Because in 2003, George W. Bush said, war is peace.
Right.
And that meant...
That meant...

That was 1984.
Yeah.
Right.
He said the goal of this war is peace.
That was the real 1984.
Yeah, 2003.
It was 2003.
Abby.
Abby.
Abby.

He-He-Heavy!
Heavy!
Heavy!
Heavy!
Heavy!
Heavy!
Heavy!
Heavy!
Heavy!
Heavy!
Heavy!
Heavy!
Heavy!
Heavy!
Heavy!

Heavy!
Pokokaka, go get out!
Wonder, wonder what you are!
Pick a girl, castle blue!
Don't you step off!
Melvin, shoot!
Nike said, just do it!
Do it, do it, get down to it!
Turn the top and rock steady!
Yabba dabba doo!
Rinse the way!
Tickle on, tickle out!
Stumble, tingle up!
Best to go boom, boom, then shake your rope!
Bow wow wow!
I want candy!
I shot the sheriff and shot Andy!
Fret not dreadlock, rolls on fire!
Pokokaka, kick the clock!
Born to rock!
Biddy, biddy, biddy, I was born to run!
Suck it to me, suck it to me, suck it to me, suck!
Poo-goo, god damn it!
Ho-chi-men!
Inca, loose beard and geeky men in the shed!
Now, I'm, ruined on!
Boogaloo, boogaloo, BOOGALOO' zijn gaan
Ramble normal ding-dong!
Vega Dong, get it on!
Headstrong, Oblong
Pitcher, Prawn, Arnhub Dunk
Ping-kong, Anathong
Babylon, Marathon
Ping-pong, ping-pong
This is wanna ding-dong!
KEEP MAN HATTING AND GIVE ME THAT!
Give me that!
KEEP MAN HATTING AND GIVE ME THAT!
Give me that COUNTRYSIDE!
Stick it to her
Tick it to her
Topper it over her
Stop her
She's a hippa
and a hobbub
and a bad boy
Like mama, tick tak toe!
Tongue and cheeky羅
Ee始
He's so geeky, he's so geeky, ready or not, hide and seeky, he won't find a street too freaky,
Bubba Bubba Babs is a Bubba Bubba Bubba, DJ Ozy and the microphone,
Rocked up to Bob, Bubba's got a rubber on his bitches and a cap on his supersized robot,
Gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme that thing, Bob knows everyone's wish was to shake that thing,
Rubber baby, Bubba Bubba Gabby's in the fire, he's got a big cap on his rubber hammer,
On the top of a rubber hammer, mm-hmm good!
Keep Manhattan, gimme that, gimme that, keep Manhattan, gimme that, gimme that,
Give me that electric slide!
Yeah!
Give me that electric slide!
Yeah!
Yeah!
packaged up nosy music
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
Happy birthday, Mr. President.
Yeah.
Yeah.
My, yes, it was.
I don't know if I've explained the church of the subgenius,
but as I said, it would kind of be a mistake to do so.
I mean, anything I said would be limiting it.
Our whole point is most subgeniuses learn this sooner or later.
Even your own little homemade, made-up religion,
it's really just something that you felt comfortable with
that you could hang ideas on
and test them out and see how they work.
Bob is not going to tell you what slack is.
In fact, if you start trying to,
we get this every now and then.
Reverend Stang, I sent in my 30 bucks
and I got a great package of stuff
and a little card and everything,
but I didn't get no slack, man.
Give me my slack or give me,
but our slogan is eternal salvation
or triple your money back.
So they want their 90 bucks.
Sorry, Bob.
Eternal salvation.
It hasn't.
It hasn't come around yet.
You know, we don't know yet.
You have to die first, at least.
And then eternity has to come around
before you can prove you didn't get the salvation.
Bob is not the answer and neither is anything else.
That is Bob's point.
You know, you must learn to think for yourself.
Only Bob can show you how.
You really should buy the DVDs over there,
the Arise DVD, which is our classic,
which has been revised.
By the way, if you have the old version,
that's got it hasn't had anything removed,
yet it has twice as much in it.
How did we do it?
You'll have to buy it to see.
And it changes with each showing.
Same with our books.
When you have to, when you leave here,
you should have enough books of the subgenius
to put them in every hotel room
that you stay in on the way home.
That's a lot of books, friends.
And we will sign those and so forth.
I don't want you to do that until I get off.
Stay.
I'm going to go to the next page, though,
because I don't think anybody else knows the prices.
And poor Princess Wee can't speak.
I was making the old joke,
oh, my wife can't talk, the perfect wife.
She wrote down, no, the perfect wife is mute
and owns a bar.
An old, old joke.
Now, let's see, at this point,
I could marry everybody to each other
so that you could, you know, copulate friends-edly
without fear of being sinning.
But I don't think any of you really had that connection.
Did you?
Somehow I get the feeling this isn't the crowd
that's really worried about getting their sins forgiven.
And in fact, my friends,
J.R. Bob Dobbs is not going to forgive your sins
because he did not come to forgive your sins.
He doesn't care about your pathetic little sins.
No, not even that one.
Because Bob came here,
he's not well enough connected to forgive your sins.
He came here to justify your sins,
to rationalize your sins.
He does not bring forgiveness, friends.
He brings something far more important.
He brings an excuse.
And there actually is a wall-sized certificate of excuse
for every possible sin
that comes with the Subgenius membership pack,
suitable for framing.
Yes, dear friends,
we will frame you for Bob's sins.
But first, we go to KPFA in Berkeley
with puzzling evidence.
Dr. Hal Philodruman and this time,
callers, Reverend Modemak and Reverend Phineas Narco.
And I'll let that tape end the show
because it just gets weirder and weirder and weirder.
And I heard either just today or the other day
a no-late-breaking flash of information
about X-Day, mainly and chiefly,
that Roknar will not be attending.
Wow.
Oh, my God.
Oh, no.
Yes.
Why?
Does he have to work that weekend?
Every time he goes, his tent explodes
and he gets sucked, I mean...
They shave his head,
they put strange objects on top of his head.
He gets sucked in the rain and soaked by rain.
He's tired of seeing X-Day commercials by Microsoft.
You know, seeing X-Day mentioned in Microsoft commercials.
Yeah.
He's just tired of it all.
He's getting the anti-royalties
where they actually send you a debit check.
You have to pay money because you're on TV.
What happens is if you don't watch the commercial,
they debit you.
I can only say that he'll be missed
and I guess this means we're going to have to find somebody else
to wreak havoc on this year.
And that kid's got better watch my back.
Yes.
In fact, I think there's a target growing on your back
even as we speak.
Oh, here's a guy that might go to Doc's, Doc.
By the time we got to stop Doc,
we were half-living.
It's me.
It is you.
It's you.
What do you think about this new business?
What did you want to do with the book signing?
Did you have something you were going to do
when you showed up or...
Well, I was going to sing a song,
but I just, I didn't know.
I didn't, I got there late, so...
Sing a simple song.
Yeah, it was funny.
You got there right as the...
Sing a song of six pence?
You got there right as the energy was sort of...
A pocket full of rye.
...deflating.
Yeah, I...
So it wasn't, it would have been real hard to kind of go,
okay, everybody, I'm going to be Jane here.
Yeah.
But it was too bad,
because I was kind of hoping you'd do that
in the middle of this confused audience
walking around trying to get the book signed now,
and here's a guy singing a song.
That's a good song.
You would have been a better finish
than my dear friend who talked about her burning man book,
which really didn't...
Yeah.
Didn't really quite fit the deal.
Yeah, nobody could figure that part out.
Hey, well, how does this, what does this mean?
Oh, I don't know.
It's a...
Because a lot of people would think there was a serious overlap
in the two contingencies while...
And there is none.
Except that they're cults.
There is none.
There are both evil cults that enslave people's lives.
And as the years go by, there is even less.
...a plan to continue to go on.
Well, I could have said...
Because we've kept the conspiracy in our crosshairs
from the beginning, and as a result...
Well, of course there's an evil cult.
I'm sure you'd rather just wad up the conspiracy...
...this evil cult...
...and stuff it in the old crotch of a tree.
What?
But here in today's...
Put it in the fulcrum tree, you say?
...today's...
...future...
The Poochum tree.
...we have to realize these things are not done all in one flash.
An augenblick, as the Germans might put it.
We're still out in the park at St. Stupid's Day.
Did you hear about the chocolate Jesus?
Did you hear about the gathering?
The gathering of revolutionary forces?
They built this artist in New York.
He made a six-foot tall, anatomically correct chocolate Jesus
just in time for Christmas.
That's just sick.
That is just sick.
Why is it sick?
What's wrong with that?
Well, that's just sick.
I was talking about the expression of the little chocolate Jesus.
It looks like he's going to throw up.
That's just sick.
Well, they were upset about one...
A couple of things.
One was that it was made out of chocolate, and it was Jesus.
Why is that?
Why?
What is wrong with that?
Well, they simply suspect that...
Everybody knows Jesus didn't like chocolate.
...it would be in bad taste, although, of course, it would taste very good.
And secondly, what really cheesed them off was that this Jesus was not a good man.





It was nice, but it also had the wordlaughs in it, a kind of업
.
Jesus fell to mess with someone.
One has to accept that you may need to quit difficult matters, and,

Man lacking excitement ceases to want to do it, and he opens the...

In the Kombucha case?
In the Mobil spirits case, Jesus was the starter of people speaking bad language.
Uh-huh.
Disbelief.
Disbelief, yes.
Every era, the separation between God and the At forgot God hasn't been happy with


There were guys who were hired during the Renaissance to buy the clergy to paint their underwear and hands on the naked figures, including those in Michelangelo's The Last of Us.
Because Christians are pacifists, generally.
They won't defend themselves, so you can abuse their deity as much as you want,
whereas if you abuse the deity of the religion of peace, you would then be subject to immediate death dispatch.
Looks like Salman Rushdie did when he wrote his book, The Satanic Verses,
which I believe the Ayatollah still has a death fatwa against Salman Rushdie.
Or has that been... has the Ayatollah let him off the hook on that?
The problem is, you'll never know until he gets the end of his life and hasn't been killed.
Like, 300 bucks for that stuff.
Yeah.
I'll make like a...
I'll make a thick bed of it.
I wonder if they actually had a real person underneath that chocolate and it was simply a toad.
Well, that would be the Roger Corman movie version.
Or House of Wax.
Yeah, how does that guy... I mean, he has to have straws in his nose or something to live.
Or maybe they just used a dead body.
But maybe they did it like where they hijacked a guy off the highway like they did in House of Wax.
The new version, you know?
Now that I didn't see.
And then they...
I saw the version with Fay Wray.
They're trading down with wax instead of chocolate.
1934 classic.
Or chocolate instead of wax.
I think it was like a Roger Corman movie.
Bucket of Blood where they had a statue.
Yes, in Bucket of Blood, the Roger Corman exploitation picture,
Dick Miller of Dim-Witted Busboy developed a technique of covering his murdered victims with plaster.
And presented...
They were painting them as sculptures for which he is hailed as a genius by the beatnik inhabitants of a swingin' cafe.
But things go wrong when the statues crack and the hideous ichor of death oozes through impugnifying the chest.
I admit those movies.
See now, that's your youthful...
There was dead air right there and you...
I draw inspiration from dead air.
...of movies.
When I was a kid.
Growing up in the...
Dobstown area, this was in the 1960s, every summer my mom would take me, my sister, and
each of our best friends to Ichiku Park on the north side of the city.
That explains it.
We spent one glorious afternoon.
My mother had grown up with Ichiku, and she most wisely determined that so would we.
By the time I got there, the grand old amusement park's heyday, well, hey, it was long gone.
In fact, it was in its death throes, in its death rattle as it grotesquely inspired, soon
to be torn down and superseded by a new kind of amusement park located in this suburb.
Not that I noticed that there was anything wrong.
I waited all year to go to Ichiku Park, and then when we finally got there, my joy was
uncontainable.
Did you go nuts?
Oh, you bet.
I did something that made all the other kids' hair stand on end.
What did you do?
Their two eyes nearly started...
Well, I was playing in the water, and I got water on my pants.
Were you humiliated and mortified by the location of said water?
No, because it splashed evenly over my pants, so there was no localized discoloration.
They were simply slightly darker.
So it didn't appear that you had urinated on yourself.
But then I went with my buds into the Ichiku Park fun house, which was a huge structure,
and one part of it was a giant...
record player turntable, which the kids would sit on, and as it went faster and faster,
they'd be flung off by the centrifugal force.
But I had wet pants, which made me stick to the giant record player.
And all the other kids were thrown off, though struggling and trying to hold on, but I simply
sat there with my arms folded, and because of my wet pants, did not fly off, exciting
the admiration of all who viewed me.
Turn table.
And that was the only time in my life that I've ever had so much respect of the audience.
As his body was slung outward to an extreme degree, his pants stuck like glue.
What I didn't realize was that there was another factor to dislodge kids from the spinning
disc, and that is that the operator who was viewing the whole thing from a booth and seeing
it could also apply electrical jolts through little contacts, and soon he did, and then
my wet pants didn't help me at all.
In fact, it was the opposite.
They fried you.
I was hoping to get off that thing because it was so disgusting.
Can you believe they could get away with that stuff?
Yeah, they should get it.
I got sued on that stuff.
Man.
No, it was a great amusement park.
They had all kinds of things like that in it.
They had barrels.
They'd build up women's skirts.
They'd just crawl through these turning barrels, and you'd fall and scrape and get blood on
your...
Yeah.
I mean, all the kids would.
Oh, man.
Those were back in the days of, like, did they have the Fun House?
Remember the Fun House?
They just let you in there.
What about the Fun House with the mirrors and the spinning discs?
I'm talking about the Fun House.
The Fun House in Hitchcock Park.
And the floor that goes up and down, and the air that sprays up, the walls that are crooked.
Hey, I want to talk about Salman Rushdie for a second, and his movie, I mean, his book.
Yeah.
I think people should take the cause of freedom and expression and make it the Titanic versus
the movie.
A simple song.
Yeah, but that would be like asking the Ayatollah to come and shoot you.
Well, you could.
You're just a scaredy cat.
We are.
We're a country of cowards.
We are a country of cowards.
You're going to let them say, well, we don't like you.
Hey, we may be cowards, but we're good cowards.
Don't you think that if a movie like that were made, I don't know how hard it would
be to get the rights.
How hard that would be?
I've tried to wash that yellow stripe off my back, but it's just there.
I think I'm a lot like the rest of America.
What a triumph it would be to have that in theaters.
And people could go see that and see for themselves a story that they tried to suppress.
That's it.
If only the public could see the truth.
Yes.
Now the story can be told.
Maybe you could go straight to DVD.
Have the public gather in front of the station in 15 minutes.
Salman Rusty's not scared.
He's out there, man.
He knows.
He's saying, Kaya, Tolok, come on, bring your fatwa.
That's all those things you're on.
I'm still holding over the head of the world, and we're tolerating that.
All of the listeners gather outside.
Yeah, we'll tolerate that until they make us not tolerate it.
The internet's dead.
Have you tolerated it?
Have you tolerated it?


We're tolerating it because we deserve to tolerate it.
There might be a...
Because we're the evil.
Buddha's hell for jaywalkers.
We are some evil.
We live to life the truth.
We live to life the earth's resources.
Eat you and we have the greatest glass.
The hosiery in this place died while we were so, so, so, so.
We eat the beautiful creatures for their pelt.
And self-absorbed.
By a variety of cells.
Our senseless killing and these animals.
Our extreme needs for the earth's most amazing show.
We had a waste infinity key.
But then again.
Help stop the slaughter.
We eat the resources before someone else can.
Simply so that we can.
And learn the secret of the engineer's needs.
Hey, wait!
You can't deny the existence and heart.
And the existence and heart.
And the existence and heart.
Do I look like I'm made of money?
That want to buy from the evil?
Besides, I do buy.
Satan!
I buy small chunks of the earth's resources every time I buy anything.
Controlled electrically, the mechanical monsters swing their heads, roll their eyes...
I hate to be harsh about it.
Breathe, snarl, roar, and grunt in real...
I hope you don't think I'm being arbitrary.
I don't know if we should fool around with those monsters.
I don't think any of you would like it.
A complicated mass of cogs, wheels...
I like it.
...bellows, and silent...
But how will the Europeans and the Muslims think about us?
...the lifelike sounds and motion of the brontosaurus...
How will they?
Isn't it important to us to believe that they want to think of us as something that can be admired instead of...
...burn our eyes out with their thoughts?
I don't think we need to worry about...
They are.
They're killing us with their thoughts right now.
Let's just dance.
I feel the pain.
Yes, we can counteract the pain through dance.
Let's just rock like it was the 80s in Prince.
Of course we can't really play Prince.
Hey, quit stepping on my feet.
...expert operators and explorers will make these huge creatures swing their heads from side to side...
...roll their eyes, lash their tails, and open and close their mighty jaws.
Hidden where they can see the crowds, these radar-activated robots will frequently give spectators an added thrill...
...by having the most fun.
These are electronic pills...
...swing suddenly toward them...
...containing a certain virus that we will use...
...to infiltrate...
...the robots...
...in one horrifying instant...
...cognitive mechanisms.
...on the outside signing books...
...that's Phineas Narcole...
Hey, will you sign some books for me?
Please, in the new...
Will you sign my name on some of those books to me?
Sure.
Why, uh, we all signed them. Let's, uh, not, uh, deny it.
There's nothing to be ashamed of.
Set up auto-deny. We're gonna have to go in and deny it.
But I signed them with your name.
All because you said deny.
Well, now...
You say deny, we gotta deny now.
Get into the...
Just auto... set it on auto-deny.
Here we go. Yeah, it'll just be busy.
Okay, leave your message, callers.
It's 420.
It was 420 on the Puzzling Evidence Show, but it is now the hour of slack.
And...
...for more information on the Church of the Subgenius...
...you can go to subgenius.com.
Or you can write to us at, uh, subgenius...
...post office box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Uh, friends, uh, we've been listening to, uh, in the background music here...
...Annihilation Earth from the Kirkendall Boyd's new album Stung, Praise God.
We took heaps with forge and saw a great Obelisk!
Such big as now, brother...
Yet those sequence for collapsing, baccala, בר есть entré,
But I think that this is not a new, this is a story that we are still venture.
Jawoslav Myhryansky
resituational


hip hop
remix
hip hop


comedy
magazine
cinema

