You know, outside organizations are wonderful,
but they can only supplement the example and inspiration children should first receive from their...
Some genius, powerful, smart.
Within a year, most of the juveniles that exist today would disappear
because the family that prays together stays together.
I sure hope it's Dave.
Schweinholder.
Dave.
It must be Dave.
Dave.
Yes.
It is Dave.
I'm the devil hiding in your swimming pool.
God, I don't have a swimming pool.
Me too, because that's an actual real thing that happened up around here or down there.
What?
A devil in a swimming pool?
No, the devil went for a swim in a human body,
and it wasn't a real...
He made a mistake, because even the devil can make a few mistakes,
because he's not perfect.
Only,
Bob is an imperfect sailor.
And so, he said, I'm going to take maybe 50 laps.
He started drinking his swimming pool of water.
He couldn't get out of his body, back to being a devil.
So, they put him, I guess, somewhere down the hall in room 329 or something.
Oh, he's in the country club nursing home with you?
Yeah.
Well, we call it a nursing home.
We know what kind of a home it is.
Yeah, it's a real homey home.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Home for homies.
Friends, Dave's been sick for a month or two.
And he's always been sick, and he always will be sick,
because it's a sick, sick, sick, sick world that we live in,
that Dave grew up in, and us too.
Yes.
And it's getting sicker by the minute.
It certainly is.
I mean, just think of all these many viruses,
and now we're like, he used to be like,
oh, well, Korova's going to be over, or Kofet.
What's the other one called?
Kofef.
Kofef 19.
Kofet.
Yeah.
Kofet's going to be over.
And there'll be another one starting with a K and a vowel sound.
Yeah.
Kaka.
Caused by hamburgers?
Hamburgers.
Hamburgers.
No, hamburgers.
Hamburgers.
Hamburgers.
Yeah, yeah.
Anyway.
Okay.
Okay.
So, Dave, that's good.
It's good to hear you on the show again.
It sure is.
Well.
It's good to hear you on the show again.
The lads and laddies and lattices and lad things out there
had all been kind of going, where's Dave?
Yeah.
Where's Lone Cow Dave?
Yeah.
Yeah, there's like a Lone Cow Dave-shaped hole in the show.
Buddy agrees.
Yeah, Buddy really agrees.
And it sounds like a dog.
Partially agrees.
He can't hear you.
He can't hear you.
Well, it's very, very moist and humid down, or very hot down in Tejas.
And I was just wondering if Buddy was a hot dog.
He's a hot dog and a cool cat.
Yes, we decided that just today.
That's his favorite thing is to go out in the yard and get baked and then come in the
house and put his belly on the ice cold floor and then go back out and get baked.
Back in and get cold.
He really likes getting baked.
He likes to go back and forth.
I used to like getting baked.
I haven't gotten baked in quite a few years now.
It was some of the best days of my life.
Well, I didn't mean being baked on marijuana or anything.
Last time Buddy did that, he had to go to the hospital.
Oh, yeah.
He decided to eat the whole snack.
The entire bag that had just been mailed to me.
Not that I would have anything like that around here normally.
But Buddy knew it was there.
He had butter in it.
He staggered around for quite a bit.
And then he ate it all.
And then I noticed he was sick.
Then he threw up.
And when I went to get a mop, the other dog ate the puke.
And then she staggered around and then threw up.
And, of course, I swept up the puke then and froze it.
And swallowed and then ate it.
We've still got it for later if we get desperate.
No, no.
Yeah, the next day, they slept it off.
And the next day, they were okay.
Although, at first, they got a fight.
They had painful vagina itch, right?
And then Buddy burned his draft card and Claudia burned her bra.
And they started a garage band.
Mm-hmm.
Wow.
It did affect him.
It did.
Sounds like punk rock days.
Yeah.
I thought dogs were more like into Mendelssohn and Tchaikovsky.
Tchaikovsky.
Tchaikovsky.
Tchaikovsky.
Tchaikovsky.






But they are until they get into your medical cookies.
Yeah, I guess, yeah.
Mm-hmm.
All right.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, so kids, you know, make sure those things are...
Actually, I was going to say, up high on a shelf locked in a box, a wooden box with a
latch and inside a freezer bag inside the wooden box, way up high where they can't get
it.
Yeah.
But that's where they...
Right.






They were when Buddy got them.
And little Buddy's industrial self.
The monster.
The monster is coming.
Well, what will prevent the monstrosity of the Carbidolus virus from achieving any, you know, can it slow down somehow?
Or do we all have to watch our dogs go nuts?
We have to all wear diving suits and the dogs have to wear scuba gear.
If we go out of our room.
Can't just carry like a linkage bag of eggs?
Well, you can.
But they won't reach out of your room.
That's a special thing.
Yeah, I know how people feel when they feel incarcerated.
Because I've been incarcerated.
They wouldn't let you leave, right?
But it wasn't because you had the Covfef-19.
It was because you...
I think they were afraid that you'd fall down.
I tested negatory on Cora.
Cora alone.
One of our friends, the only other for real subgenius in Glen Rose, Texas.
There's more than one?
I'm trying to think which of her names I should use, if any.
I'll just skip it.
But she had to be quarantined for nine days just for flu.
Regular, ordinary flu.
They wouldn't...
Her job made her stay home.
Yep.
They won't let her go to school either.
She had to be clear of a fever for, I think, 14 days before they let her come back.
Princess, will you show us a little closer to the mic?
Okay.
Remember, this is a radio show, not...
Okay.
Did she have painful vaginal itch?
Like some of the rest of us?
Dave!
TAVE!
That's not flu or cough feff.
That's Spanish fly flu.
Spanish fly flu.
Yeah, mix and pudding with tripe.
Spinach flu.
Yeah.
Uh...
Spinach flu.
We locked the kitty cats up.
So they wouldn't climb around on Tarzan's radio station.
while we're doing the show because they do climb around on it.
Oh, they love to rollick around in these fancy pieces of equipment.
Well, there's big plastic dinosaurs to knock over
and all kinds of things to knock over.
A moon.
Well, I wish I could visit it just to get the hell out of here.
I bet you, I bet you.
But, you know, Dave, even if you did get out of there,
if Nurse Ratched would let you out and you were back at home,
you'd just be, it'd be the same.
You're still not supposed to leave or go anywhere.
No, he wants to come down here and visit us.
You have to, is it true that you are kind of implemented
to not buy groceries, to only buy certain bags of friendship
and other toiletries?
I mean, don't they not want you to go outside too much?
Right.
No one.
No one's supposed to go outside and they don't.
They stay home.
It's just like your novel, Dave, Neighbor World now.
Everything is a whole lot like Neighbor World.
See, listen to Buddy.
Buddy knows.
Yeah, everybody's looming, you know,
getting real high off the light waves from their screen,
only they don't call it looming, they call it zooming.
Mm-hmm.
Well, there's zoom to loom.
The whole world is zooming now.
Yeah.
That's the phrase used.
We went to a zoo.
We had a zoom hangout of subgeniuses every Saturday at 3.20 Central Time.
There's a zoom chat.
It's funny because it's a whole separate group of people
that did the zoom chat that are different from the hour of slack listeners,
different from the forum readers, different from the Facebook people.
The zoomers are a whole different looming crew.
A whole different group of looners and zoomers.
I'd just as soon zoom the looms and the loons into the moon.
Yeah.
After a while.
After a while, I get tired of it.
In fact, tonight, get this, Dave,
tonight is the first Ask Dr. Hal virtual Zoom teleconference show
where Dr. Hal will do his nightclub show from his room,
his quarantine cell.
He's going to be in the station.
And there'll be musicians that are in other states
and can't really be in sync with each other,
so I'm not sure how that works.
Although they said that the other day they sang Row, Row, Row Your Boat.
And of course, nobody was quite in sync, right?
Because it's not instantaneous.
There's a certain amount of delay for each person
depending on their internet setup and so forth.
And apparently, Row, Row, Row Your Boat,
a cappella was a great success of Weirdness.
Yes.
Whereas if you tried to like play the blues
and be in time with each other,
it would just sound like a subgenius band.
So, you know.
Yeah, I know what that quote sounds like, unquote.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And so, but yeah, Dr. Hal's going to be on and he'll,
I guess people can text their question to Ask Dr. Hal.
Well, that would be lovely.
It would be like right now, wouldn't it?
No, no, no, no.
That doesn't happen at all.
10 p.m. Eastern time, 7 p.m. Pacific time,
and blah, blah, blah in between.
We have to check it out at 9.
But that'll happen every second Sunday of every month.
Wow. Cool.
Yeah, every second Sunday of every month.
And maybe every other second Sunday,
or second and fourth Sunday, something like that.
Every two weeks, they'll be Ask Dr. Hal.
Cool.
Online.
That's great.
And he'll have to dress up like Charlie Chaplin
when he's a communist.
There was an old movie.
Charlie Chaplin got run down the street,
and he grabbed a danger flag, which was red,
and the police thought he was a communist,
and they put him in jail.
But he got out because of the minister's wife,
liked eating cheese and carried a dog around with her.
Excellent.
So I thought that worked out pretty well for everyone.
Well, except for the fact that Charlie Chaplin movies
were all in black and white,
so how do you get the red flag?
Well, yeah.
Somebody has to say,
hey, look at that red flag, not gray,
but red that he's carrying.
I think it was contextual of the days
that a certain type of construction flag was red
because that's what he grabbed.
He wasn't a communist.
He was a neo-communist.
He was a neo-lighter, something like that,
a historian or a pastoral.
I don't know.
The subgenius historian, Reverend Susie the Flusie,
recently pointed out that she always thought
that the commie red scare was a 50s thing,
but actually it started in the 20s.
Yes, yeah.
Both in the United States and England.
In fact, in Peaky Blinders,
they're chasing after commies all the time
or bedding down with commies
or buying dope from commies
or selling guns to commies.
And nothing's changed.
That was 100 years ago on television, anyway,
and nothing's changed.
You're absolutely right.
If you listen to Mr. Dr. Presidential E.X. Trump,
you would know for certainly that it's,
you can use, you're a communist as a word of derision.
Well, unless you're one of his Russian masters,
then, you know, you're a communist as a compliment.
So he could be like a double agent of some kind.
Well, when he's pretending to be hard on the Chinese,
then commie is a bad word.
But when he's licking the boots of the Russians,
then commie is, you know, commie is,
that's what liberals are, not Russians.
Russians are cool. They're all white people.
Give me a break.
And they're run by an authoritarian bunch of oligarchs.
So they've got to be perfect.
Right. Especially the oligarch part.
Sure. Yeah.
If only we could make America just like Russia.
That is, in fact, what I think a lot of people
in the backs of their minds are thinking,
only they're confusing Russia
with the fictitious good old days of America
and the fictitious non-Russian.
I mean, you know, the 1950s.
Yeah.
When everybody was, quote, happy, unquote,
which is also a complete lie.
Yeah.
So I know that because I was there.
And I didn't get the plastic battleship that I wanted.
So I tell you, the 50s were not that great.
Even for a little white boy.
There are also little scuba divers
you could put up your nose if you wanted to try.
Oh, you have those too?
Yeah.
Well, there were some little plastic scuba divers
if you put baking soda in their back.
Yeah.
And then stuck them in your nose,
they'd actually swim up to your brain and start eating.
Yeah. Somebody might know what we're talking about.
Perhaps, maybe.
I sure don't.
You guys have me lost as heck and beach.
Your brother would know.
Your brother had the little scuba diver that you could...
I forget if it was...
It must have been baking soda.
Yeah, it was baking soda.
And then you drop it in a glass of vinegar?
No, in the bathtub.
And he'd kind of poot his way around in random circles.
But at least he moved, you know.
He didn't just float there.
He moved.
Because he had this, you know, air coming out of his...
Whatever.
His back.
His back.
His groin.
Yeah, it's coming out of his back, actually.
It's coming out of his back.
That was the orifice.
Well, things certainly not only have changed,
they've gotten worse.
Most things, anyway.
Oh, yeah.
Now the kids' scuba divers are all run by remote control
and have, you know, legs and arms that move.
And they actually swim through the water.
And, in fact, they have AI free will.
If you turn that part on, they'll swim wherever they want to
and maybe even attack you.
Yeah, those were dangerous.
But here's the thing.
They cost about 750 bucks apiece.
So, you know, whereas I think in our day,
the little baking soda scuba divers were what?
Three cents or something.
Maybe a dollar for the whole kit.
A dime per soldier.
Per Eastern Bloc soldier.
Well, you could, for a dollar,
you could get a hundred green plastic army men.
And then melt them.
You could melt them all if you had a sun-gun movie lamp.
Yep.
You could do anti-war artworks using potions.

You could make piles of army men and melt them,
melt them into a partial slag
so it looked like a tortured hill of fighting, struggling men.
Yep.
All green.
You could also get a chemistry kit
that you're routine not to blow up.
And mix all the chemicals in in vain effort to blow them up.
Speak up, Dave. Speak up.
Speak up, Dave.
What about the chemistry set?
The Gilbert's Chemistry Set lab?
The Gilbert's Chemistry Set that he used to buy.
Yeah.
Thinking, it said, don't worry,
this chemistry set will never blow up, so you're good, safe.
And you would try any way possible,
anything you could think of to make the chemistry set
blow up in someone's face.
Right. We all tried to.
And all it would do is make a smoky, smelly thing come out.
Yeah.
Oh, I invented an invisibility potion
just by randomly mixing chemicals
and painting them onto grasshoppers.
And one of the grasshoppers literally vanished.
And I realized I had invented an invisibility potion,
but I couldn't remember which chemicals.
I wasn't using the scientific method.
I wasn't being disciplined.
I wasn't keeping a list of each, you know, potion that I made.
And you were wearing ladies underwear, too.
I believe you anyway.
No, no. I didn't even know what ladies underwear were.
I didn't even know what ladies were then.
I was only like 10 years old.
And remember, this was the 50s.
Right. You were raised by wild wolves.
Well, I was raised by 1950s Americans.
And they didn't like to explain embarrassing details
like how ladies were different from men.
Dad always wore a hat and a suit and a tie.
And Mom always wore those Betty Furness underpants
and globe things, you know.
I have no idea what my mother wore under her dress.
No idea.
Well, why not?
I never...
Is that such an uncommon desire or want?
I wanted to see what my mother wore.
My mom was wearing her underwear.
All right, I shouldn't have said that.
I didn't mean that, Dad.
Well, you were braver than me then, man.
Well, I've always been braver than you.
I got to admit, there were times when we would sneak into our parents' bathroom
and open the drawers and marvel at these odd things in there.
Rubber tubes and long, narrow things and short, thick things.
It had no real use that we could discern.
They had a machine that would...
If you plugged it in and turned it on, it shook.
It just shook violently.
And we would, like...
It had straps.
You could put it on your hand.
And we would rub each other's heads with it.
My brother would rub each other's heads with it.
And it would kind of hurt and feel kind of weird and give us visions.
We never did figure out what my parents wore.
I don't think my parents used that stuff for any of us.
Well, at least they weren't celibate.
There were a lot of people in their 50s who were celibate.
Oh, my parents absolutely were completely celibate the whole time.
I'm certain of it.
Oh, they were?
Yeah.
What about the time that you walked in and found the squirrel on your dad's belly?
Well, they were both asleep, so it didn't, you know...
Oh.
Okay.
No, they told us about the birds and the bees, but they weren't birds or bees.
They were Mammy and Pappy.
Squirrels and yogurt jacks.
Mammy and Pappy.
Yeah.
The stork brought my brother and me.
I think my sister happened after some disease made my mom's belly real huge.
And then my sister appeared.
Oh, jeez.
But that was a long, long time ago.
By the way, Dave, I told you my sister had the COVID and survived it.
Yeah, I heard it.
In a Texas prison where she's serving...
Ew.
Two and a half to five years for a good deed.
In Texas, no good deed goes unpunished.
No.
Yep.
But it could be worse.
It could be Louisiana.
What do they do in Louisiana?
Do they take you out in the swamp somewhere or something?
They give you life for stealing a blender.
Did somebody get life recently for stealing a blender?
No, somebody got life about a lifetime ago for that.
I think...
I read that they just freed a guy after 40 years from prison.
He'd been in prison because he sold $30 worth of pot.
Yeah.
And he probably committed another crime that involved pigmentation.
Yeah.
And...
Crimes of pigmentation are big nowadays.
Well, they always have been.
They've been that way for a long time.
400 and some years.
Everybody's kind of...
I'm going to go back to the news again for a while.
Wow.
Oh.
Yeah.
It's awful.
I have friends in Portland where if you were watching the news, you'd think, oh my God,
there's every street.
Portland is exploded.
Yeah.
Oh, every single street is just full of screaming, yelling, black clad monsters throwing bombs
and setting everything on fire.
And cops.
Noble, noble, unmarked federal police.
Unmarked federal policemen nobly spraying gas into the faces of those moms and dads.
The wall of parents.
Yes.
The wall of children.
Wait until they have their kids come out in front and go, please don't spray us.
We just want to say that black lives matter or else no lives matter.
So our lives should matter, but also black lives.
Kill the kid.
Remember Kent State.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They like to kill kids too.
Yeah.
And I just recently saw or heard one of the-
Don't make those libtards cry.
Oh, I wasn't going to use that word anymore.

Giuliani.
Called the people in black lives matter and Antifa called them killers.
That sounds like a lawsuit to me.
You can't just accuse somebody on the air of being a killer if they're not.
Well, the problem with Antifa is that-
Well, how could they sue them?
There's nobody to sue him because there's not actually an Antifa PO box.
Well, I don't know.
I was saying, what's the next step here?
Oh, I saw an ad today on Facebook.
Join Antifa.
I actually gave them a big Facebook ad going around, Join Antifa, 200 bucks a day to invade
the suburbs and throw bricks through windows.
Of course it was totally fake, but every Republican in the United States has read it this morning
and only about 10 of them instantly recognized it as an obvious damn satire or deliberate.
The only doubt.
fake made by Russians or Chinese or rednecks.
Or Iranians, too.
I shouldn't say rednecks either because there's liberal and progressive.
There's even smart rednecks that aren't liberal or conservative.
They're smart.
Rednecks with necks that are red because they work outdoors a lot their whole lives.
It does make your neck red unless you're kind of red already.
Yes, where the dog collar shines through.
Right, and the dog whistles.
Oh, my.
I was trained like a dog growing up in the 50s, so I hear the dog whistles.
I know what the dog whistles mean when they use those polite ways of saying,
all them people is subhuman.
The South.
Shall rise again.
I know what all.
I can translate the whistles into those sentences.
It's a good thing you can because those are standard earmuffs nowadays.
It takes a lot of peloponnesian pleasure to make them work right.
Well, everybody's got some kind of earmuff on to not hear what they don't want to hear.
What kind of pleasure? Peloponnesian?
What kind of pleasure?
Peloponnesian.
Well, you know Peloponnesian.
Peloponnesian?
Peloponnesian?
In ancient Greece, mixed with Polynesian.
Oh, okay.
Equals Peloponnesian, meaning mini Peloponnesian.
You know what I mean.
Got it, yeah.
Yeah, Polyphemus.
Yeah, one-eyed ninny.
Yeah, one-eyed ninny.
I just heard a burping sound in the background.
Could that be the industrial police force?
I felt it.
I didn't hear it.
I felt a kind of a buzz run through my face.
I felt a buzz run through my fingers.
Well, mine was fell all the way down to the bottom of my scrotum.
So there, Mr. Stang.
That's a big burp.
Dave, black helicopters are probably listening to this broadcast even though it's not being broadcast.
No, seriously.
It's just being recorded on this little Olympus recorder here.
Well, they can hear you.
But it's going through the phone.
You know, they can hear it through the phone.
Right, right.
They don't know you can hear them listening.
The black helicopters will come for you first, Dave, because you're easier to find.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I guess that's right.
Actually, I'd be just—
I don't know how so—
I'd be easier to find, I guess, but I have more escape routes.
It would take them at least five minutes to catch up with me.
And more escape boats, too.
You know, if the black helicopters showed up and there were guys kind of, you know, rappelling down into our yard, we would shoot out that door—I'm not going to say which door—and out that gate—I'm not going to say which gate—on the air.
And down that trail—I think you know which trail it is—and we'd be down on the ranch road in about ten seconds.
And they wouldn't know where we went except for their heat vision goggles and their hound dogs.
So it would take them at least five minutes to actually catch us and shoot us.
Yeah.
But we'd give them a little bit of a run for their money.
I hear voices.
There are voices in my head.
Yeah, that's what I was talking about.
There's escaped goats and hostage chickens.
The escaped goats?
Or the scapegoats?
The escaped goats and the hostage chickens.
And they've all got Stockholm Syndrome supplies.
Yep.
All work at the maritime freelance organizations for some reason.
That's right. I love my captors.
And they let me build my own cage—or, well, kind of decorate it anyway.
Yeah, they let you decorate it.
Sometimes they let you do it.
Sometimes they charge you.
Yeah, but you get to pick which of the three throw pillows you can have in your cage.
So, you know, and they give you snacks.
We have snacks here at Trump Stop.
And we're off work for like eight hours a day.
Sometimes you can sleep.
Sometimes if you try all day, eight hours of trying to sleep.
Yeah.
And then you put a cigar in your nose and everybody expects it to go away.
Like, that's what they did to me, too.
They stuck a cigar up my nose.
It still pinched a little bit.
They're pinchy people.
Frog fighters, you know.
Deluxo grabs.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
That's just what I was thinking, too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Deluxo grabs.
Well, you and your blasted Hanami Gritch.
Yeah.
You pull the cripes.
Our Harmony Grits are pretty good.
Yeah.
I like Harmony Grits.
They're in tune.
They're gritty, but they're in tune, you know.
Yeah, they have to be.
If you want to make them creamy, you have to add too much cheese and cream.
Dave, my Victory Garden is going great.
You know, I started a garden this year because we were going to be in prison in the same place all year.
This is the first time.
I'm in years that we've been in prison in the same place.
I thought, well, I'll start a little Victory Garden to celebrate.
And I got carried away.
And now we have one okra and 100 million hot peppers.
And 200 million cucumbers.
Well, yeah, the cucumbers are good.
But I said that I'd never.
I'd never really monkeyed with tobacco.
I'd never really thought about tobacco peppers per se.
I ended up growing some.
They grew well.
Big old bush of them in 100 degree weather.
They're good for making sauce out of, too.
Well, but I have several mystery peppers.
And I cut one of each.
And I was going to go through and try them.
And I started with the smallest one, which was the Tabasco.
And I was really pretty shocked.
I couldn't do much of anything for about an hour after that.
I guess when they make Tabasco sauce, it's 99% vinegar and 1% actual molecule from the Tabasco pepper.
I had like literally a nibble the size of an 8 millimeter film sprocket hole.
Okay.
The piece that's punched out of the film to make the sprocket hole.
That's how big of a piece I had.
And I had to scrape my mouth with oyster shells for an hour after that.
Get rid of the oil.
That just was intolerable.
Well, at least you didn't have to dress in bear skins and dance around the fire, you know?
Have to?
That was what I was trying to.
That's what I wanted to do.
But you can't.
Fires are illegal now.
Here.
Unless they're wearing masks.
No, no, no.
I mean, you can't.
It's 100 degrees and it hasn't.
By the way, I'm not exaggerating.
It's 100 degrees.
It has been for a couple of weeks now.
And it hasn't rained for six weeks at least.
So the grass is glass.
It just it's brittle.
It shatters.
I don't have to mow.
All I have to do is walk on it.
And it's flat.
It's flat.
It's been rather droughty up here, too.
Well, you guys still get moisture out of the sky sometimes.
We haven't had that in a long, long time.
Long, long, long, long time.
I was reading a post from a Norwegian friend of ours.
And he was real sad because the blue muscles.
Of Norway.
Might as well be extinct.
What a great band that was.
And they couldn't catch even cod.
He said it used to be when you didn't have anything for dinner, you just walked down to the harbor and throw in a hook and catch some cod.
Well, now you couldn't even catch cod.
And I was going, oh, boo hoo hoo.
They're so sad because they can't eat their favorite seafood.
We don't even have water.
Much less a harbor.
Good God.
So there's a drought in Norway, too?
Yeah.
Norway is droughted, too?
No, it's not that.
It's that the.
It's hot.
The global coronavirus, you know, the cool warming thing that they love so much has extinctified the fish or drove them north where they can barely cling to life.
Of course, pretty soon the polar bears are going to be coming south and eat all the fish.


And then the polar bears will starve to death if they have to go further south.
Or start their own extinct function, yeah.
Everything's pretty.
Eventually everything will eat everything else up out of desperation.
And there won't be anybody left except for you, me and Bob Dobbs and we.
Quite an experience to live in fear, isn't it?
Quite an experience to live in fear, isn't it?
That's what it is to be a slave.
In fear.
Sounds like Peter Siller's in it.
Yeah.
Discarnate voices.
Colombian discarnate voices.
Dave shouldn't be able to hear that.
That's the Danish National Orchestra doing the soundtrack of Blade Runner and they threw in some soundtrack clips.
I play at the beginning of the show, I think.
What we had on was a band called Thrust playing.
Playing saucers, I think.
I'm not, I'm confused.
Maybe it was, uh...
I just don't know.
I don't know if I'm real or a skin job or...
I mean, skin jobs are people too.
I mean, you can't say a skin job isn't real.
They're real as hell.
Yeah, foreskins can be very painful and luxurious too.
In some mountain places.
Well, you could say they're not human, although they look human.
You could say they're not human, but you people wouldn't believe...
You could say they're as human as a human door.
Quiet.
Whoa.
Attacked ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion.
Oh, wow.
Is that the new Hungarian orchestra?
I watched sea beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhauser Gate.
Did you guys say that?
Yeah.
Old people talk this way, old people.
I know J.R. Bob Dock for who he was.
I know the subgeniuses for what they were.
Well, they didn't know what he was, and he didn't know what he was either.
So it makes all the difference the same.
Hey, speaking of quotes from Little Big Man,
Onan pointed out that Dustin Hoffman turned 83 this week.
They could re-film Little Big Man and he wouldn't need makeup.
They could do the old man scenes and he wouldn't need the makeup.
Yeah.
My name is Jack Crabb.
I'm the sole living survivor of the Battle of Little Big Horn, commonly known as Custer's Last Stained.
Last Stained.
Wonderful that he lived so long that he could actually do that.
It's wonderful that I can do that.
It was wonderful that he could do that when he was only 30 or so.
Yeah.
Thanks to the great makeup artist Dick Smith.
Ah ha, a Smith.
Dick Smith before he dicks you.
Right, Dick Sniffer they call him sometimes.
Sorry.
That's not...
I thought that was funny.
There really was a great makeup artist named Dick Smith.
And the reason I know about him is because he wrote this wonderful publication called The Monster Makeup Handbook.
And it was for kids.
And I got it when I was 12 years old.
I remember that.
And Dick Smith used his son as a model for a lot of the makeups because it was makeup for kids.
And his son was named Douglas Smith, age 12.
Wow.
Well I was Douglas Smith age 12 then but that was long before I was Ivan Stang age 7,100.
And so that made me pretty...
Pretty excited.
But don't you think Dick Sniffer is a funny name?
I mean...
Well, yeah.
There are funnier names but...
There are funnier names.
I had a buddy in high school named Richard Titley.
Oh no, it was Robert Titley.
Bob Titley was his name.
But his dad's name was Dick Titley.
Goodness.
Poor guy.
Bob Titley is a well respected figure in country western music management now.
I knew girls...
I knew a girl whose name was Fonda Dix.
Like a lot of my old high school buddies who made it good, they are not my Facebook friends.
And I've heard third hand that when somebody mentioned, didn't you know Doug...
Ivan Stang back when he was Doug Smith?
The less said about that the better.
Oh.
Sad, isn't it?
It is.
What do you think about the...
I knew a girl whose name was Fonda Dix.
No way.
Oh yeah.
D-I-X, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's a common last name.
And Fonda, like Jane Fonda, Peter Fonda, Fonda Peter.
But that's a last name.
But like Peter Fonda probably had to say the same thing in reverse.
Fonda Peter.
Say your last name first, then your name.
Fonda Peter.
We asked your name, not your proclivities.
Yes.
No.
We don't all have...
For the faint tops, we don't all have the same proclivities.
It would be a hell of a rush to the steam wagon.
You know what I mean?
We'd all be hand over hand trying to get in those old festival gates.
That'd probably be really fun.
No festival gates this year except for Sturgis.
Right.
Which is also a dirty name to many people.
Oh, you know what else is also open for festivals?
It's Renaissance Fair.
The Renaissance Fair in Texas cared more about money than the safety, than having another
Renaissance Fair with quite as many people next time.
I'll have to check that out.
They have Renaissance Fairs around here in August too.
So I'll have to check that out.
But I think it's very, very selfish of them because somebody might get converse.
Can't they do it on Zoom?
I understand.
It's not the same.
It's not the same at all.
And it is mostly outdoors, which is fine.
But then the shops, you know, when you go into the shops are these tiny little tents.
Yeah.
Like Starwood.
You know, you walk into a little tent and everybody's hacking and coughing.
They're so glad to get their mask off for a minute.
And they're hacking and coughing in each other's eyes.
And then they go home and give grandma a big kiss on her head.
Wait a minute.
I do that every day.
Yeah, but you're not in little tents with people hacking and coughing, dear.
No.
The worst I've been in is the supermarket in the tiny little town.
And there's no...
And you keep your distance from people in the grocery store.
I've been keeping my distance from people my whole life.
See, none of this is good for me.
You've got to be careful.
I've been wearing a mask my whole life.
The mask of normality.
The mask of Norway and the codfish.
The deadly hot codfish.
I forgot to tell you about the nice little old lady the other day when I was walking into the grocery store.
She smiled and kind of laughed.
And looked at me and said,
It's just like Halloween, isn't it?
Oh, because everybody had masks on.

Yeah.
I'm going to try a big smile on.
She just got done trick-or-treating and robbing a bank.
Were you wearing one of your Dobbs head bandanas where the lower half of your face was Bob's lower half?
Yes.
Yes, I was.
Yeah, those are...
Then it is like Halloween.
You could rob banks with those Dobb masks.
And you should, too, probably.
Well, that's true.
It would confuse the video replay and facial recognition thing.
And Bob would get it.
They'd go after Bob.
In many lights, people with masks on look like cartoon faces.
And you look at them and like a beautiful woman's face suddenly becomes an ogre face.
And you want to laugh out loud, but you can't because you want to be quiet.
It works the opposite way for some people, Dave.
Some of us have a big face.
We've observed that now that the ladies are wearing masks, maybe they put more work into their eye makeup or something.
I don't know what it is, but for some reason...
Oh, eyebrows, for sure.
They all look beautiful.
All the women's magazines are telling women to do that.
They're all saying...
We use more makeup on your eyes.
Yes.
They're all saying, look, you've got to cover half your face, so work that stuff.
Right.
And remember, ladies, boys can't tell that you don't have your teeth anymore.
Right.
So work the eyes.
Yes.
They can't tell that you lost most of your nose to cocaine use.
They don't know that you really look like the Phantom of the Opera from the bridge of the nose down.
So work it.
Do your hair.
Do their eyes.
I've noticed that every gentleman's quarterly man...
Has a three-day...
Four-day stubble.
It's like a half beard.
What's up with that?
You're a little light ass, that.
I seem to remember that being a big fad in the 80s.
Well, yes.
The first, there was the Miami device that they made because Miami Vice guys had the half-grown beards, and that's where it got popular.
That's what started it.
But then it fell out of favor, and then recently, again, it has fallen back into favor.
Over the last year.
I would say.
You mean like right now I'm accidentally fashionable?
No.
No.
That's only if it's evenly all over your face and it's black.
And there has to be a big chunk of it on your throat, too, on your neck.
I don't know that the wide stubble really does anything for anyone.
It's softer.
It smells so white.
Your beard is so soft.
I love it.
Makes you look like Kill Bill.
Or some other...
Redneck.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to take my shoes off.
I'm literally just stretching.
Yeah, put your shoes back on.
Boy, oh boy, are my feet smelly right now.
Boy, you'd never be able to tell that Dave was in an iron lung right now, would you?
No.
No, you can never tell.
He sounds like the same old Dave.
In fact, he sounds better than he did the last time we did a show.
This is a great connection we've got right now.
Yeah.
This phone is great.
Especially the gurgling sound and the mad professor in the background screaming, this is my phone.

This is mine.
This is mine.
It's alive.
There's no buzz.
That's right.
There's no buzz.
There's no buzz.
Well, Dave's buzz phone was his home line, that ancient hard-lined phone.
Ah.
It's gone now.
Oh.
He only has the magic little pay-as-you-go phone.
The cello phone, as Bill Cates calls it.
The cello phone.
The cello phone.
The guy who goes, hup, hup, hup, is sounding off now.
Bleepo, I mean.
You can hear him down the hall.
The tracker phone.
Tracker phone.
Yeah, that's the way the conspiracy can track Dave.
He has a track phone.
Oh, I see.
You know, I have to recharge the dog's trackers every day.
I know.
Do you really?
Which is Monday, see?
We can't take him today, because this is the Lord's Day.
There's nothing open except beer.
The Lord's Day.
Places where you can buy beer.
Honestly, you think about it.
In this town, on Sunday, only places where you can get beer are open.
What else is open?
The dollar store.
Dollar store, you can get beer.
Tractor supply, you can't get beer there.
So that's the only store that's open on Sundays.
I don't think you can get beer at the dollar store.
Hell yeah, you can.
Dollar General?
Hell yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Not good beer.
It's all American, you know.
I didn't know you can get beer there.
Of course.
Yes, you can.
Conspiracy beer.
Yeah, dollar store.
I had no idea.
I thought you were going to say,
Oh, because you're not an alcoholic, dear.
Oh, okay.
Or not a very good alcoholic, I should say.
Okay, gotcha.
All right.
But no, you go in there, they've got all that Coors and Miller crap.
I didn't know.
They don't have anything I would drink.
I didn't know.
I'm a snob.
I'm a hipster snob, man.
Spell backwards, that's Bonds.
Yeah, Rignotskisnaka.
Bonds.
My dad had to say everything backwards.
Hey, Dave.
You remember the Fireside Theater?
They inspired us to become a fan.
We've become what we are today, right?
Yeah.
David Osman of the Fireside Theater is still alive and kicking, and he's on Facebook, and
he's cooped up in the woods, sort of like I am, and he's been posting memorabilia like
crazy, all kinds of old photos and old jobs, radio jobs he did, and times when he met his
heroes, who were people I'd never even heard of, mostly.
Yeah.
And I'd say it's kind of fun to watch a guy 20 years ahead of you that you copied and
imitated and was your hero, and now he's just your Facebook buddy going, hey, look
at this old picture I found.
Well, that kind of makes sense.
I met him once, and he seemed to be that kind of guy that would do that.
He'd live a reclusive life and sell things on I-Bean.
David Osman was actually the first celebrity.
To me, he was a celebrity.
First celebrity I ever met, and he was so nice that I vowed that if I ever became a
slight bit of a celebrity, like he is, that I would try to be nice to fans and not be
haughty or any of that kind.
I'd be encouraging.
And I've really tried hard.
And about a week ago, I wrote him a book.
I wrote him a fan letter saying, thank you for being so nice to me 40 years ago, because
I've been nice to my fans ever since then, as much as I could.
If they weren't insane, obnoxious, crazy, boring, talk-too-much ninnies on speed without
offering me any.
Al Pacino walked up the steps of the Guggenheim, and he kept on pointing at me going, you!
You!
Every step he took, you!
And it was like he knew me, and he was waiting to come and embrace me or something.
He got right in my face and he went, nah.
He thought you were another Italian that he recognized.
I suppose that was it.
But I was like, why is he doing that?
By the time he got right up to me, I was kind of chuckling, but a little nervous about meeting
Al Pacino, and I didn't.
He's, nah.
He said David Carradine.
Yeah.
No, he said Al Pacino.
No, he's another Italian-y kind of guy.
My brain is glitching.
My brain is glitching.
David, I had a weird surprise.
Princess, we and I did one of those DNA tests, finally, and we got the results back, and
there was a bit of a shock in there.
It turns out I have like 13% Italian in me.
Everything else is British.
Ah, if he was tangy.
If he was tangy.
Yeah, yeah.
And I went, I'm not sure where, how, what.
I talked to my cousin who does genealogy and has really been following the staying side
of the family, and she said that would come from the Swiss.
We had some Swiss, a major Swiss ancestor.
Switzerland is right north of Italy.
Mm-hmm.
So that's where there's a little bit of the old pizza brush.
It's divided up into a French sector, an Italian sector, and a German sector.
They have Oing and Romance.
So there's four distinct languages, and one is like an Italian dialect, and the other
one is actually Italian.
Well, one of them Italians sneaked in and nailed one of those English or British or
Irish or Scot gals.
Or something happened there.
The old Italian double cross.
Of course, if you're ... Everybody from the British Isles is basically part Scandinavian
and part German and part French and part Roman because they were invaded by all of those.
Just because.
And there was a certain amount of rapey, rapey stuff going on, and probably some, oh, hence
some centurion.
Well, well.
I bet the old witch woman won't mind if I impregnate myself with something new here.
Impregnate yourself?
A man can't impregnate.
I like to think that it was somewhere in my British Isles background, one of my Yeti woman
ancestresses, that Roman guy had been away from Rome for a long time.
My sister did the ancestors.
Oh, yeah.
The English part of ours also had Roman in it, or what would be considered nowadays Italian.
Well, there's a difference.
Roman is not the same as every other kind of Italian.
Well, they survived the Saxon plunder.
The Saxons actually tried to wipe them out, but they couldn't.
They just ...
Damn.
Do asconced.
Remember, St. Patrick was ... Huh?
When I was in Rome when I was very young, like 19, and on a bus, and this priest sat
down next to me and softly put his hand on my leg, and he said, you know, young man,
you look Roman.
I went, what?
I don't think so.
As far as I know, I'm mostly just, I don't know.
I don't know if ... I don't think I've got any Italian.
He goes, no, not Italian, Roman.
He goes, you've got a Roman.

Roman knows.
Classic Roman knows.
You look at our coins and stuff, you'll see what I mean.
He's like, what?
And then he moved his hand a little further up me, and I went, that's a very interesting
photo.
Oh, this is where we get off.
You guys went and had dinner then.
Could hardly wait to get back to the hotel room.
I know.
That happened to me too, twice.
No, all I ever learned was that I had a Roman nose, which I don't really know.












I don't really get or see.
I've had people tell me they thought I must be part Chinese too, including Chinese have
said that.
But maybe it's just that wherever you go, they want to make you feel good.
So they go, you know, you look like you're part human like us.
You don't look as ugly as regular Americans because your nose isn't quite as huge and
your eyes aren't as retarded looking or stupid looking or something looking.
I've been hip to that.
You must be part Chinese.
You must be part Chinese.
You must be part African.
You must be wherever you are, you know.
Yep.
That happened to me also.
And my grandfather was actually from Rome.
So his claim to fame as being Roman was kind of true.
From Roma Saini.
But my grandmother was from the south.
Way down yonder.
Yeah, the hairy ones.
Napoli.
The ones with big naples.
Yes, big, big Napolis.
Yeah.
Which I always thought was part of France or Indian subcontinent, Napolis.
But I guess it's more a fruit flavor you can get once in a while.
Well, you'll have that.
Well, heck.
I wonder how much Neanderthal you have, Dave.
Oh, many, many, many tons of it.
My brother got a fancier DNA test than me.
And it said that he had more Neanderthal than 70% of the people who'd taken that test.
I don't know if that's really saying that much.
But in theory, my brother and me would be almost identical.
They can actually check for Neanderthal bees?
Oh, heck yeah.
The one that we and I took was the cheap one.
And they don't tell you much about it.
Ancestry.com, that one?
Which one did we use?
Ours is 23andMe.
But the one we got for our mom was more expensive.
Yeah.
And she turned out to be mostly pure.
Trapezoid.
Pure inbred British type, British Isles.
Which means, you know, part everything.
Everything else.
Because everybody invaded England.
It's just like my grandfather used to say.
He'd say, I'm a Duke's mixture.
A Duke's mixture.
Dookie.
Welsh, Irish, English.
Scott.
Scott, all those.
Cornwalls.
Cornholish.
And you turned out to be one half inbred British Isles.
And one half, what is it?
Oss?
Ashkenazi.
Ashkenazi Jew.
Yeah.
That's like being from outer space.
No, it's like being from Russia.
Well, my father was 100% Austria-Hungarian.
Right.
But not originally.
It was from somewhere near Russia.
Because that's near the Ashkenazic Republic, which they named for it because they wanted
to have their own Israel place.
Oh.
The Russians did anyway.
Yeah.
They did.
They did.
They did.
Well, I guess we have to read up on that and figure out which planet you're from, Princess
Wade.
I guess so.
If at all.
If you are-
If you're from any planet.
Any planet.
And not some gas giant in deep outer space.
A gas cloud.
Larger than 20 solar systems.
Well, that's about it.
The cranes are made of gas.
Yeah, that is about it.










Actually, Dave, we've been talking almost a full hour.
Okay, well, I'm going to go lay down now.
I thought you were laying down the whole time.
I thought you were laying down this whole time, Dave.
I was laying down for much of it, but then that got too uncomfortable.
I have to stand on my feet for a while.
Well, I'm glad you can still stand on your feet for a while.
Me too.
You're going to have to walk with a walker, so.
Well, we have walkers around here.
You have to shoot them in the head.
Yeah.
Or bust their brains in.
That's about the only way to deal with walkers.
Yeah, redeem them.
Yeah, Wee Ma Ma has a walker.
She calls him Fred.
We don't know what his name is.
She rides around on him.
He doesn't have any arms, and his lower jaw is being removed, you know.
So he's a useful ride for the old gal.
She needs help.
Yeah.
Princess, we, nor you, were ever big fans of that Walking Dead show.
I refused to watch it for a long time.
I don't know, zombie, that stuff's, that's actually a beautifully written show.
Really, really good.
I quit watching it only because I couldn't handle it anymore.
It got too intense for me around season seven when they introduced the evil human,
who was a thousand times worse than all the living dead put together.
And I just couldn't handle it.
Tugging at your compassion strings too hard?
Oh, no, it just grossed me out.
It was too horrible.
Gross.
All my friends that had survived so long were having, were being tortured.
It was so vivid.
It was just, ugh.
I had to switch to something light, like Game of Thrones.
It was so much less violent and had more Naipolis in it.
It still had walkers.

White walkers.
It was kind of a Nazi Walking Dead thing.
Night stalkers, night walkers, huh?
White walkers.
Because they came from the far, far north and they were kind of frozen looking.
And they controlled an army of the dead.
It was a show, you know.
Okay, well Dave, our necks hurt so we have to go now.
Okay.
But at least your fans got to hear a good show for a change.
Yeah.
Because your fans have had to listen to Zoom recordings and reruns and me reading and all
kinds of stupid crap.
Horrid Dave-less shows.
Yeah, Dave-less shows.
Anyway, we're going to go now.
Okay.
Going to the show.
Okay, well enjoy your laying down, Dave.
He always hangs up real fast.
Yeah, he, he, he, you know.
It's like he wants to get out of here, man.
Friends, you're listening to the Hour of Slack.
Number one.
Okay.


$1,792, maybe 91 or both.
And everything's okay at subgenius.com.
You can learn everything at subgenius.com, including stuff about Dave's book, Neighborworld,
and other Dave-related things.
The end.
Okay, now we have the internet part.
$35 for your Subgenius membership, folks.
and when you get that membership it's not just a bunch of flyers it's not a just a bunch of
stickers that's not it's actually a pretty sizable package that appears in the mail
and it has metal objects decoder pins and rings and well not rings exactly but
it does have stickers and it has diplomas but they're not like what you're thinking of it's not
what you're thinking the reason is because most of you listening to me can't imagine it and are
never going to send that 35 bucks because you think you can imagine it and you think you know
how it is you can't and you don't and you won't but the that smaller percentage that goes 35 bucks
that's nothing they're bound to raise it to 50 any minute now i'm gonna go for it what the hell
you
maybe i'll meet you know something of the opposite or otherwise desired sex or sexes
so who knows you know stick your neck out stick other things out it's nice out why don't you
leave it out praise bob praise subgenius.com and there is a go fund me for dave uh dave's going to
be uh well the hospital's going to be taking dave's money for the rest of his life
i think he's allowed to have two thousand dollars in his account but anything above that they're going
to take forever um because he's he's been in therapy now for weeks and he's got weeks more to go
um he sounds good doesn't he does he sounds great but he sounds so much better when that red light's
on because we've been talking to him every few days and oh he doesn't sound that good when he's
not on the air no but he's speaking great
you're welcome to be on the air but he's not on the air he's not on the air but he's not on the air
On the radio.
Don't be fooled.
He woke up and snapped out of it and fought off his pains and paranoia.
For you, the listener.
He really did.
He did.
He really did.
I'm real glad we did that.
Me too.
It's reassuring to know that he can still enunciate and speak.
If he tries.
Yeah.
Okay, praise Bob.
Hey, praise Bob.
All right, try Trilogy.
Try TrilogySoaps.com and Freethink Radio.
Oh, and we got in Dobbs.Town.
FreethinkRadio.com is where all the audio, all the subgenius shows are now being replayed.
Dobbs.Town is the non-Facebook, non-Google groups, cool subgenius hangout.
And I'm going to try to use that more.
And then there's yet another new one called Dobbs.
Discord.
Reverend Fox has started a new thing, Dobbs.Cord, which is on Discord, which is another non-Facebook,
non-Google, so that you don't, your privacy is not as much infringed.
There's not as many jerks.
There's no ads.
You know, it's just, for now, it's better.
Uh-huh.
Dobbs.Town is on the Mastodon platform.
This.
Dobbs.Cord is on the Discord platform.
And now we're going to zoom off and see the Ask Dr. Howell show in a couple hours.
In a couple hours, yeah.
After we walk the dogs.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Ah-oo-ga.
Ah-oo-ga-la-la-la-la-la-la-la.
Ah-oo-ga.















