Grandfather, I have a white wife.
You do?
That's interesting.
Does she cook and does she work hard?
Oh, yes, grandfather.
That surprises me.
Does she show pleasant enthusiasm when you mount her?
Well, sure, grandfather.
That surprises me even more.
I tried one of them once,
but she didn't show any enthusiasm at all.
Well, grandfather, all the whites aren't crazy.
I'm glad to hear that, my son.
I thought they were.
Oh, no.
I know of one who is as brave as any human being.
I'd like to know.
I'd like to meet this man and smoke with him.
What is he called?
Mom?
The English pig has not yet learned the rules.
No, and I'll never learn the rules.
Not your way.
Blind obedience.
Without reason, without thought, without soul.
The Self Genius Power Roles.
Watch.
I'll listen carefully.
I see.
Is that clear?
Yes.
Yeah?
Yes.
Can't seem to get rid of that streak of honesty in you.
The one that ruined you was that damn mob.
He gave you a vision of moral order in the universe and there isn't any.
Those stars twinkle in a void, dear boy, and the two-legged creature schemes and dreams beneath them all in vain.
All in vain, Jack.
Did you hear anything?
Listen to me.
Two-legged creature won't believe anything.
And the more preposterous, the better.
Whales speak French at the bottom of the sea.
The horses of Arabia have silver wings.
Pygmies mate with elephants in darkest Africa.
I have sold all those propositions.
Maybe we're all fools enough.
None of it matters.
Ah.
You stay with Allardyce, Meriwether.
And you wear silk.
What I don't know is I want to wear silk.
My dear boy, what else can a man of parts wear than silk?
Tarn feathers, I reckon.
And what did you say?
What did you say they find in your body?
What did you say?
That's the big news this evening.
Let your thoughts fly the ship.

Leave the world behind.

Let your words boil both the faces and the mouths.
And the craftsmen hold a stray!
To build machines of industry To send him to his grave
He'll calculate the blood and sweat The sight of which he'll soon forget
Swallow with the decadence Of all the time he saved
When intelligence progresses In a never-ending wave
An exponential growth The likes of which we've never made
The next day, wire to the plan
Every aspect of our lives Is moderated by remote device
And in the name of common sense Believe everything they say
War makes sense, there's a nation Is it patient? It's the end of the world
The dangers of your race are abomination Of complicated, unenplaced myths
With the comfort of conformity We were silently enslaved
An instant wire to the plan
Wire
An instant wire to the plan
Wire
And before we even realized The message was relayed
An instant wire to the plan
Wire
An instant wire to the plan
Wire
To communicate to all of them The force required to break the skin
Let the force prolong Our whole existence
We'll all live but decay
War makes sense, there's a nation Is it patient? It's the end of the world
War makes sense, there's a nation Is it patient? It's the end of the world



So responds
Theöm

Unfor searches
Connect that wire to the black wire.
And what should start up but that band Mose Giganticus from their album The Invisible Hand.
And you can learn more of Mose Giganticus from mosegiganticus.com.
And before that, some lemur makings and clips from one of my favorite movies and books, Little Big Man by Thomas Berger.
This is Hour of Slack, number 1138.
And we're pirating some pirate cat radio recorded last December during a season in hell in San Francisco.
With host John.
John Kell.
And Dr. Howe.
The Mongoloid of Lloyd Mongoloid.
Mine truly.
And puzzling evidence and you.
So yes, you too.
You too can participate in the program this evening.
That's right.
Where the Reverend Ivan Stang of the Church of the Subgenius is traveling and visiting us here out in beautiful San Francisco, California.
United States of America.
Western Hemisphere Earth.
Dr. Howe.
Puzzling evidence.
K. Rob.
Lloyd Mongoloid.
And myself, John Hill in the studio this evening for a season in hell.
Happy to be here.
Happy to be talking to all of you.
Four and five.
That is the number for salvation, ladies and gentlemen.
Isn't this an extra long season this week?
No, it's always four hours.
Really?
That is quite a hefty bite of radio.
I guess after two hours, honestly, I'm just getting warmed up.
So we need the extra two hours for me to eventually burn out.
Now, I have five minutes.
I have a question.
Yes.
Is that a jug of jinkum next to the bathroom in the hallway there?
A jug of what?
I'll tell you about that.
I've always wanted to try that.
I hear it makes you see your ancestors.
So free.
It might be some old...
That is jinkum.
I wanted to make sure because it looked like...
It could be cleaning fluid left by the cleaning lady.
Well, it looks like the...
It is a unisex bathroom, you know.
For the listeners out there this evening, now you know.
You call.
You do go on.
You do participate in the cavalcade of fun that we're having here this evening on the program.
Once again, 415...
You couldn't do it.
No.
Skis, skis, skis, skis, skis.
You know, they're listening in Berlin on the FM dial.
At 104...
Guten Morgen, Berlin.
Und on the Internet at piratecatradio.com.
That's correct.
That is correct.
All Dr.
And everybody appears to have some type of technological device.
Bundesmundsherrlichderloh.
Ich bin ein Berliner.
Really?
A jelly roll?
Delicious.
How goes the spreading of the doctrine overseas?
No, you can be in California for not using a technological instrument every 90 seconds.
Germany's a big...
Germany's a big fan.
...big center of subgenius activity.
And Debo.
And Shanadu.
Yep, but the Scientologists have got to go.
Shanadu?
Shanadu.
My late fetish is four girls, Japanese girls, singing para para pop songs.
They sing about King Kong.
Ask a geek boy.











He'll tell you, because his girlfriend is deeply involved in this.
We should get Geek Boy to call us this evening.
Maybe he can tell us what's going on.
Since they sing about King Kong, they come into my purview.
I'm X-Boy.
I'm a Kill Zero boy.
Philo showed me that video this morning.
And then King Kong was on his TV?
And they didn't get...
A little while later.
Philo and Einstein were disimpressed by it all.
Coincidence?
They thought it was...
Or conspiracy?
Well, they're very stupid, yeah.
Remain secret.
I had to justify this all day.
Not King Kong, Shanadu.
Yeah, exactly.
I thought they were a sham of a dude.
Oh, come on.

Now, how high and mighty are we going to be?
Just because we are the head of a successful cult, it doesn't mean we have to...
Actually, I'm jealous, because we don't have the four little Japanese pop stars doing
Bob songs.
Well, there was one...
I don't know.
I guess I...
The director said it's the great...
Comment on last X-Day, but if you'll think really hard, you'll think that you will.
At least part of the way there.
Okay.
Now...
Can I let out my thoughts now?
How easy.
How hard it is to pass these thoughts.
Oh, this is a bit...


Big thought.
That's the robo-puzzling, it sounds like.
So often, we have to choke philosophical thoughts on the show with a roughage of knowledge.
It's like when...
Man, that was fun, following you through the crowd.
Oh, right.
On the deck, he ran down all the way.
That was during that first set.
Trying to run behind you and cut through the people with a little...
Oh, yeah, about the wireless mic that afternoon.
I was going to give it a good workout.
They call him Wireless Mike.
But I'm sure he's got some award-winning video now.
We'll just see.
This is a new camera, and I kept hitting the button that went from movie to still pictures,
much to my frustration, because I'm not used to where they put it.
Puzzling, are you putting any of your stuff up on YouTube?
Yeah, should be this week sometime.
All the time, man.
The last concerts.
Now, where do we find you on YouTube?
Puzzling Evidence TV.
Puzzling Evidence TV.
Not Puzzling Evidence TV.
Yes.
Puzzling Evidence TV.
TV.
TV.
Because I was going to say, Shenandoah are the great grand artists of the two-way.

They're the women who are singing in Mothra.
I think it is, right?
The twins?
The A-linas.
Yes.
That's where they come from directly.
Shenandoah?

They're all about Shenandoah.
Or Hinoi Team, which is, you look at Hinoi Team and you start feeling really guilty.
Something like the A-Team?
The T and A-Team?
Sort of.
But it looks like 14-year-old Japanese girls.
So you feel really weird later.
Not much T, but a little bit of A.
Wow.
The twin fairies from the Odo Island.
And they do King Kong, too.
And they do Ike Ike, and they do Night of Fire, which is, man, I love that song.
Yeah, they are.
I had great regard for them when I was a child.
I liked those two little twins.
The Irreverent Friday Jones could sing that entire song that those little twins sang.
She knew the Mothra song by heart.
King Kong!
Well, it is a catchy number, and so is she, as I understand.
Is Bob big in Japan?
Bob is big everywhere.
It's true.
It's just that some people don't know him yet.
But do the Japanese know him?
They call him Big Bob.
Oh, yeah.











Now, believe it or not, a Japanese publisher about ten years ago paid us five grand for
reprinting the Book of the Subgenius, and then they never did it.
We got paid, but they never published it.
And what I heard was that nine translators had committed seppuku in frustration over
trying to translate it into Japanese.
They could not get slacku.
Oh, yeah.
A subgenius translated all of Revelation X into French.
This makes no sense!
And then we never were able to sell the French translation.
What about Shining Path of Least Resistance?
Would he be able to do anything like that?
Well, Shining Path of Least Resistance, and this is a true story, was going to set up
a subgenius devival at a club in Osaka.
And he did.
And one week before the devival was to happen,

the earthquake tore Osaka to the ground.
So apparently the gods of Shinto, well, there aren't gods of Shinto, but, and that's maybe
why they had power over Bob, prevented the subgenius devival by causing an earthquake
in that city.
That must have been a little bit of a warning.
Oh, now, here's the...
Talk about warnings!
This one's kind of the other way around.
Remember the terrible disaster of the tsunami?
Yeah.
The tsunami that destroyed so many, uh, coastal areas.
Countries in Japan by years.
In Japan.
In that, in that town, uh, that, that, uh, that main resort town that you saw so much
footage from, with the embarrassing name of, uh, Fuck You or whatever it was, and, uh...
What is that tourist town where the, so much of the tsunami...
Anyway, there was a subgenius there that Christmas Eve.
Wooden Chiseled.
Partying on the, in the bars along the beach.
Of course.
Absolutely.
Only one?
Only one?
I'm quite surprised.
Probably just one.
But get this.
He was going from bar to bar, spreading the word of Bob, putting up little Xerox Dobbs
heads, and at some point he probably said the phrase, the world ends tomorrow and you
may die.
Famous subgenius quote.
He then got too drunk and pa- went to his hotel room, which was luckily on the 10th
story furt way downtown.
Woke up in the morning and of course the streets were filled with bodies and water
and...
He looked out on a wilderness of waste.
Yeah.
So, uh, what can I say?
I guess there's something to be said for going to bed when you get that drunk.
Fascinating because I have a story to share with you.
I had a friend of mine staying in the Marriott between the Twin Towers on September 10th.
Whoa.
He goes to the hotel room.
He's in a hotel bar, ordering drinks for he and some friends.
He's talking to a couple of stewardesses or would they be steward-i?
I don't know.
And he says to them, the world ends tomorrow and you may die.
Oh my God.
Next day, down.
After tower one comes down, he's running out of his Marriott in only his underwear, leaving
everything behind.
And luckily, some people on the streets were kind enough to give him some clothing and
a few dollars and such and allow him to settle his accounts the way he needed.
So yes, we have, we have, we're gathering evidence as we speak.
Be careful about uttering that phrase, shouldn't we?
I guess so.
You know, it's a no laughing.
Depends on when and where you are.
I love the culture.
Like the other girls.
The other girls on the subway.
They're still obsessing over those jackets.

I love the Japanese Twitter page.
On September 11th.
On September 11th.
On September 11th.
Puzzling evidence bidding on Japanese girls underwear.
He's trying to get that pop group to come over here and participate in the next puzzling
evidence-a-palooza.
How's it going?
How's your luck hanging out?
I think they're coming.
Wow.
Oh, here's another September 11th related subgenius story.
See, I told you.
We knew a subgenius who worked in the...
The towers.
But he slacked off that day and called in sick and stayed home just because he was lazy.
Saved by slack.
Saved by slack.
Saved by slack.
And that's another true, inspiring true story.
That's quite brilliant.
Sliciness in this case.
Rob just did the ultimate September 11th show the other night.
I wonder if...
It made callers peel out and crash.
Oh, gosh.
That's terrible.
That's in terrible taste.
Talk about the Tokyo Drift.
Yeah, I hope so.
Yeah.
Okay.
Weak.
Blah.
Blah.
Blah.
Blah.
Total.
Trashy novel.
Industrial effluent.
It was impossible to ponder.
Excessive consumption.
Thinking.
Thinking.
Presumption.
So real.
Cribs.
Obliterate.
Excess.
Bodies.
But everyone knows the agenda.
Bad.
Light bulb.
Light bulb.
Think.
Think.
Think.
Think.


Please.
Think.
Please.
Think.
Think.
That is truly.
Excess.
So real.
Two Real Friends by Reverend Noel Pref.
And now we'll go back to the world of Little Big Man, a classic literary proto-subgenius.
In this scene meeting his long-lost boyhood pal, who has become the Cheyenne equivalent
of a rogue subgenius.
Incidentally, the Lakota subgenius.
equivalent of a rogue subgenius is called a Heyoka.
Hello, younger bear.
Goodbye.
There was a boy whose life I'd saved.
It was a mortal embarrassment.
Did you catch rabbits on your hunting trip?
No.
Then don't give the rabbits you didn't catch to Buffalo Wallow Woman.
You see, younger bear had become a contrary,
the most dangerous of all Cheyenne warriors
because the way they live drives them half crazy.
Except for battle, a contrary does everything backwards.
He says goodbye when he means hello,
yes when he means no,
walks through bushes instead of on trails,
and washes with dirt,
and drives with water, and so forth.
I thought you were dead.
Dead to the normal world, friends.
The rogue subgenius.
And now, a little more Mos Giganticus.
Uh, for just some...
Uh, slack.
A slack break.
etz
Tr Miz



What!
I'm leaving.
Opps.
A старacic nossos was is here.
He hasDisapointionS
But are Bh basin
A tennis just flies like décor.
Do not attempt to sabotage me again.
I will defend myself.
I will defend myself.
I will defend myself.
I will defend myself.
I will defend myself.
I will defend myself.
I will defend myself.
I will defend myself.
I will defend myself.
I will defend myself.


He just blew the place away.
I fell down and worshipped them.
On vinyl?
No, no, on CD.
I was about to hear that, although it was just this...
It was great.
But they were just so energized.
I saw them at 7778 at the Mabuhay, is what I was saying, for those of you on drugs.
And Sting, how did you end up meeting the real, actual Debo?
Well, I...
After my initial frustration at them beating us to the Cliffhart Act,
they printed their address.
The Club Devo and their second album.
And I sent them a subgenius pamphlet.
And Mark Mothersbaugh wrote back a postcard
indicating that he had read it very closely.
And we started communicating.
And I sent them my underground movie, Let's Visit the World of the Future,
which featured pornographic violence animated with G.I. Joes and Barbie dolls.
And they were planning to do just...
I mean, it was such an animated sequence in Love Without Anger video.
So they hired me to do it for $1,000.
And I had five days to get it done.
And it really shows.
You're all, right on, that's $200 a day, yes!
And then I found out, of course, later,
that Devo had actually been just one of Bob's many experiments in pop music,
like The Monkees and that band that Wellman likes so much, or Shambuzy, or whatever.
Those were all...
Those were all Bob's experiments.
And Devo will tell you that Bob just...
He created them, but yet he...
Then he ruined them.
And they had to struggle back after being Bob followers for a while.
Like...
They were at...
Mark came to the very first World Subgenius Convention in Dallas
because they happened to be performing in Dallas that very weekend.
That was the most fun.
That must have been a pretty brilliant time, actually.
And I thought that video would be up on the walls, but it wasn't, actually.
But it's on YouTube.
You put it on...
Yeah, we used the quotes from that ancient interview a lot.
It's fun, because he was the famous guy.
We had a BBC crew shooting us.
Three-camera shoot.
Showtime.
Light, sound.
Even they were blowing it, I guess,
because on a lot of the tapes, the sound was...
They forgot to turn it down, and the band blew out the...
What year was that?
1981.
1981 and 81.
Yeah.
I just...
I drove out in 80 and met these guys.
So that was the first big gathering?
Yeah.
Yeah.



The first World Subgenius Convention.
Yes, it was held in Dallas.
I lost...
Personally, I lost $1,500, which was basically my life savings.
I was a father of two...
Yeah, I had a family to support.
It was really the name of God.
I did not myself produce another subgenius show after that until X-Day.
The X-Day things, which was a whole different thing where we can't lose.
We found the perfect campground.
The perfect.
The perfect campground for the end of the world is a place called Brushwood.
Surrounded by miles of Amish and Pennsylvania Dutch Hutterite country.
Yeah, it's an Amish country, and it's about two hours from Cleveland.
It's clothing optional.
They only knew what we are doing.
The owners of it are dear, dear friends of all of us subgeniuses,
and it's just the perfect place to wait for the end of the world.
But I think what John was...
You can party like you would party if the world really wasn't.
I think what John was asking about is why we dedicated the entire church to that.
The guard and the first thing.
The what?
Remember the guard who...
Is that what I was asking about?
Yeah.
I'm sure you know better than I.
I think you were asking about the Dallas policeman who was hired...
Yeah, tell us all about that.
...to be the security guard at the first...
That's exactly what I was thinking about.
...at the first subgenius show.
The guy who quit.
And he was so insulted and offended and humiliated and embarrassed as a Christian by Bob.
Oh.
Go ahead.
Leaving you with no security.
Right.
So, you know, nowadays...
That was the plan the whole time.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
These days, we don't have to pay for security because almost every revival we've held has
several subgeniuses there who are young Marines or Army or Navy SEALs.
I'm not kidding.
They're out of uniform, though.
By the way, yeah, they're out of uniform.
But, Dr. Hathaway...
Well, no, it's true.
Young female Marines.
That was my favorite.
Well, they're young female Marines and they're out of uniform.
But there's...
She actually was...
They come and go.
Stations, post-ins.
You know who we're talking about.
I just like the show.
There were three folks from an Army base in Hamburg or someplace in Germany helping us
do security and watching out for terrorists and so forth.
And at Baltimore, friends, one of the mighty military men, not on duty, nor in uniform,
nor his right mind, nor in any condition for a job interview, nonetheless, Reverend Jimbo
took that defiable mic and told us how he had been in a land of pinks and...
That spirit and soul and slack mean absolutely...
Absolutely freaking nothing to these people.
Say that it's so, but I love you.
It's so.
It's so.
I am sorry to say.
But I'm here to tell you that slack conquers all.
Yes, it does.
Slack works.
Slack worked for me and it works for you every day.
It does.
All the time.
You don't need love.
You don't need real religion.
Real religion.
Slack is all there is.
There ain't nothing else.
All you gotta do is believe in Bob.
Yes!
All you gotta do is believe.
That there's something else besides the grind.
There is!
And the hate.
Show us Bob!
I can't show you Bob.
Bob reveals himself to you.
So true.
Now, Bob reveals himself to you in many different ways.
Love me.
There's...
Oh, I don't know.
Spending a whole day just engrossing yourself in the dirtiest parts of the internet.
Oh, the best!
Oh, the best!
They're the best!
There's days just watching the weirdest fucking movies you can find.
Apologize for my French.
Turns me on.
Hell yeah.
I like it.
French is right.
Come on.
I got an outfit.
I'm French.
You guys motivate me.
Oh yeah.
What do we motivate you to?
What, what, what, what?
Say it louder.
What do we motivate you to do?
You motivate me...
To win!
To spend more money.
Yeah!
Fuck yeah, buddy!
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm sorry to say...
That old, poor Reverend Jimbo de Limbo...
No!
Is nigh close to broke.
No.
He spent all his money on the vices of life.
Jimbo de Limbo!
And Bob!
Grace Bob! Grace Bob!
And Bob!
Fuck what, bud?
There's nothing, because there's nothing more important in life...
Than the vices and Bob.
Do all you can to live every day, because the world ends tomorrow.
And you...
And you...
And you may die!
There's nothing worth living for, friends.
There's nothing worth living for, friends, other than today.
Tomorrow may never come, but today is right now and right here.
This is the only time.
This is the only time that you can be possibly, absolutely positive of.
I wanna be with you!
You can be with me, friends.
You can.
All at the same time.
All at the same time, where I'm staying at Pisces Place.
Gotta be thinking!
Come on over.
That'll be so creepy.
Get going!
Why do they have two bedrooms, though?
There's a big floor.
Show us!
Friends, Dobbs has revealed to me his plan for the future.
What is it?
His plan for the future...
Is everybody living together.
Everybody living together.
Yes!
Everybody fucking together!
Everybody fucking, fucking together.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
There ain't no differences left.
There'll still be differences, friends.
But it's in your mind.
Fuck that.
Once there's...
There's still a mind.
And there's still a soul.
Now, to get back on topic.
This lacklust places on the planet, they need us.
They need your spirit.
We need help.
They need your money.
We need to break out. We need... the only way to do this friends is to put your
money and put your faith in Bob. There's a merchandise table right there friends.
I know some of you hadn't bought anything but there is stuff you need to
buy tonight.
Tonight. Money. That's all it's... that's all... that's the world revolves around
money. Bob needs your money. Bob needs your soul.
Praise money. Praise Bob's. All the Bob's. All the different Bob's friends. Praise Bob's.
There's more
than one. I hate to admit it but there's more than one. I've been led to believe
up until recently that there was only one Bob Dobbs but there's actually very
more than one. Very more than one. There's the Bob that takes your money
and there's the Bob that gives back.
At the store he'll give you something for your money. In your bed he'll give you
something for your trouble. In the bathroom in the head.
I know you all enjoy the scent of your own extra meditation.
I do! Extra meditation!
Hallelujah friends. Praise Bob. Praise Bob. I do so enjoy the scent of my own. It smells like roses to me.
It smells like beans to y'all but... My friends hate me. Oh they hate you. Your roommates, my roommates, they despise it.
My roommate hates it. I do! There's the Bob. There's the Bob that you see when you go to church with your grandparents.
You may not realize it but he's there. Praise Grandma.
He's the Bob that gives you the slack from doing whatever the hell it is that
your family wants you to do. Yeah, no indeed. Fuck them friends.
But it's the slack of not hearing about it anymore. I'm sure you understand.
There's the slack from downloading stuff off the Internet. That's Bob. Right there.
Pirating stuff. Yeah, Ebom's World. Crazy stuff on there.
This'll find it's way onto YouTube I'm sure.
There's the Bob that's there.
when you pop that pirated CD into your CD player.
Yeah!
Thank you.
Unpaid shit.
Unpaid stuff.
Now, don't you do anything unpaid
from the Church of the Subgenius,
because that's the only sin.
And to talk about sin, it's really kind of an anachronism
as far as the Church of the Subgenius is concerned.
It's something from the past, isn't it?
Pretty much.
For the most part.
I mean, sin, really.
Who the hell really cares about sin in this day and age, friends?
Kind of.
I personally hate sin.
Sin equals death, and death equals non-slack.
Sharpen the slack!
Sharpen your slack. You have to.
So what I want you all to do, dear friends,
is go to church.
Go to church.
And write down everything your preacher says not to do.
And do every last thing.
Because there are no sins.
There are no sins under Bob.
He offers an excuse.
A divine, all-purpose excuse for only $30 and, you know,
a little something-something.
A little something-something.
Justification.
Justification, yes, indeed, my friends.
Injustification.
All right, friends, we're ready for the amino acids,
my non-ending rule.
The rant has finally come to an end.
Allahu Akbar.
Praise be to Bob.
And may the revolution of Bob never end.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
My blessing with you.
And these few precepts in thy memory look of character.
Thank you.









Thank you.
Give thy thoughts no tongue nor any unproportioned thought his act.
Be thou familiar but by no means vulgar.
Those friends thou hast and their adoption tried,
grapple them to thy soul with hoops of steel.
But do not dull thy palm with entertainment of each new hatched,
unfledged comrade.
Beware of entrance to a quarrel.
But, being in, may that the oppose it may beware of thee.
Give every man thine ear, but few thy voice.
Come, come.













Master, thy habit as thy purse can buy, but not expressed in fancy.
Rich, not gaudy, for the apparel oft proclaims the man.
Neither a borrower nor a lender be, for loan oft loses both itself and friend,
and borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry.
This above all, to thine own self be true, and it must follow,
as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man.
It is true there is a thing here I do not understand.
There is a pain between my ears.
Shakespeare will do that to you, friends, as will the world according to Noral Pratt,
who has a report on Trouble Cook Condoleezza Wright.
The United States is very interested in the future.
Oil provincial, provincial, provincial.
I had a chance, I had a chance, had a chance, had a chance, had a chance.
Chance, chance, chance.
I, um, I.
Oil, oil, oil, oil, oil, oil, oil, oil, oil, oil, oil, oil.
When things go bad, things go bad.
And that's true.
And when you look at Iraq and the Middle East, I think that that's been the case.
And I'm telling you now that things are getting bad in Iraq, thanks to this new strategy.
And thanks, very frankly, S.S.S.S. Hard, hard, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, take the lives of others.
To seek out and destroy.
Bill Russell, I will get the gates of hell.
Chitty, chitty, chitty, chitty, chitty, chitty, chitty, chitty, chitty, chitty, chitty, chitty, chitty.
Huckabee, Huckabee.
Toonoo, toonoo, toonoo, toonoo, ham, ham, ham, ham.
This morning, again, early this afternoon.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
The first question is, you had a much smaller organ.
How do you think you did it?
About pain.
All this mess we create.
Do you think, uh.
Live free or die.
Die, die.
Unusual, unusual.
You know, there's this sort of myth, um, we might even surprise some gay people in New Hampshire.
Well, you know what, Christian conservatives care about eating gays.
Nasty dumpster diving.
I really did it.
Cut, cut, methamphetamine.
Watch this hand so you don't see what I'm doing with this one.
Deep relationship.
I'm not giving up yet.
My blackberry was lighting up like crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy.
Turn it on, turn it on.
Huckabee, Huckabee, Huckabee.
Got that.
Up, up.
Look.
Blow.
He put his finger on deep.
I'm ready.
Huckabee understands that.
That's quite bright.
Which candidate would Bob be most interested in today?
Well, President, I'm assuming.
Well, again, the question is, which one would Bob do?
All right, let's answer.
Which candidate would not?
Would Bob not do?
All right, let's go down the list.
I don't have it in front of me.
We have to guess.
We need the list.
Bob loves everyone.
Fred Thompson.
Fred Thompson.
He would not do Fred Thompson.
Absolutely right.
That's what I wanted to know.
All right, there you go.
Because in Kill Them, if you notice carefully what was showing the other night.
The great film Kill Them.
Yes, was playing on the screen a lot the other night at the production.
And in Kill Them is a very young Fred Thompson trying to run over a guy.
And he ultimately gets blown up by a.
By a charge in the hood of the car he's driving around.
Well, that's Hollywood.
Your senator.
He's been busy.
He's an amazing guy.
Lawyer, actor.
Liar.
Yeah, amazing guy.
And he's too old for what he's doing.
Poor guy.
Yeah, I think he's kind of.
Eisenhower.
He's got nothing to worry about.
He's forgetting his lines.
Yeah.
I guess they're hoping he's going to be the new Ronald Reagan.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I think Mr. Romney would love to do that.
Yeah.
The horrible Mormon.
I was.
The handsome guy.
I totally thought it would be Fred Thompson.
But now that we've seen him, he's just.
Yeah, he's not as good as he is on Law and Order.
Too bad the writers.
Like.
Nobody's sexy.
Nobody's like.
And Richardson, who I thought would do better because he's actually.
Well, Huckabee's hick like appeal has proven to be powerful on the Republican side.
They like Huckabee.
They like Huckabee more than they like Romney because slick and smooth like Romney is boring compared to Huckabee.
Huckabee's earnest hickitude.
But of course, he's also a horrendous superstitious.
I mean, he's like all the rest of them.
I went about Giuliani today in San Francisco being asked point blank on the news about public funds going to pay for his his tryst.
And he said, no, no, no.
He said all those funds are accounted for.
You could even ask Wendy or whatever his mistress's name.
He's totally out in the open.
You did.
But it was a Judith.
I can't remember her name.
But she's now his wife.
At that time, she was his girlfriend.
That's right.
And he said, well, the city does that.
You know, it's not up to me.
They have to do it.
But I do the same thing with all the people that come up.
Weird about Giuliani is how he titters and laughs at every.
Oh, I know.
You've seen that.
He's kind of like Bush in his shoulder shrugs.
Giggles and he laughs and he exposes all his teeth.
And then he either answers the question or not.
But he's always tee hee heeing.
When they ask.
Ask him a question.
He's done the drug.
He does it every time.
He's pretty good at these questions.
And of course, the prozac nation that we are, we nod.
Yes, he's laughing.
He must be likable because people that are happy laugh.
Oh, now, with tonight's exciting story, the hair turn.
The soldiers quickly overpowered the loger.
Let me go.
Hello.
Got what he was after at the post.
The loaner held one of the officer's wives.
Who's that?
Goat.
She's the scheme and double dealing polecat.
An unshavery type.
He is the loan.
That's right.
I am there.
Be here for.
This is the loan.
Tonight's story was written by the loan here.
And edited by Fernanda Nandi Lemur.
Now, let's drop out for a second with those gigantic.
Oh,
I'm going to go to the

I'm going to go to the back.
Are there any other bands you guys can think of that the church has really
influenced?
Or even like other artists video wise about stalling, of course, would be the first.
Just about the first come to mind.
The guy did the music for the Warner Brothers cartoons.
You know, Esquivel indirectly influenced.
Many of us.
And I heard.
Bernard Harmon obviously is one of the.
Are you speaking of things that influence the church or what the church is?
Yes.
Speaking of things that influence the church.
But you're thinking of things that the church.
The church influence.
But I actually I like the direction you were also going.
So what else influenced the church before we get into what the church is?
Well, of course, more than anything else, all the great world religions.
All right. You know, Judaism, Zoroastrianism.
I think he was asking about musical.
What do I do?
I'm so religious, artistic.
I can tell you some really major influences for those of us who worked on the Book of the
Subgenius and the radio shows and go the Fireside Theater.
All right.
So we were all Fireside Theater maniac.
Oh, yeah.
Underground comics like Zap, Robert Crime, Gilbert Shelton, Esquivel.
Mad.
Justin Green was my favorite.
Justin always great.
What else?
Well, the Warner Brothers cartoons that we grew up with.
The Three Stooges, Ray Harryhausen, the Secret Teachings of All Ages.
That's that's all you need to start your own religion.
The work in general of Stanislaw Zukalski.
The great Zukalski.
He's the genius who realized that humanity had been molded by interbreeding with yetis.
Yetis. Yes.
And that's who we are.
We're the result of that interbreeding.
That's what he was, too.
But in his theory, he thought that the yetinsani or crossbreeds were the bad people.
Well, we, on the other hand, as subgeniuses,
believe that they are the ancestors of the subgeniuses and are therefore the good
rather than the bad eventuation of this interspecies cohabitation.
Well, that explains everything.
Well, it's well, almost proto subgenius thought, which is found in many places.
Carnival freak shows and side shows were very inspiring to many of us.
We saw our fellow subgeniuses actually
making a buck.
Exploiting their abnormality.
I got to actually meet Priscilla, the monkey girl and her husband, the alligator man.
Texas State Fair.
They would come by every year.
How about Louie Louie, the goat woman?
We immortalized.
Gary was so impressed.
I was so in love with her.
The state he was in.
I'm going to go to the other side of the state, but I'm not going to.
I went.
I went to the bathroom after Louie Louie.
The goat woman had been in there and there
were little pellets in the toilet she'd forgotten to flush.
It's just like a
just like a real nanny goat.
Sometimes guys get really turned on.
Special head for you.
Yeah, you're on.
Well, then also there's Chuck McCann and a bunch of great film.
The Projectionist was what was the early media media barrage.
It's what we that was.
Yeah, kill them.
And media and media barrage.
And also what was the other one?
There was a great media barrage in the Monkeys movie Head.
Right.
By Jack Nicholson.
And he's certainly much worse than the plan.
The writer's base.
Oh, head head moves fairly fast.
So with the old diamond writing, that's the only good part.
Thanks.
You don't like the time.
Frank Zappa tells the truth.
I just saw a thing on YouTube that Rosie sent me with Frank Zappa playing.
Michael Nesmith and Michael Nesmith playing Zappa.
And the nose keeps falling off.
Oh, horrible, horrible, horrible.
And they're on the set of the Monkeys and they're doing this kind of uncomfortable.
But they're trying to really send up.
It's really funny when we're not paying you to watch movies YouTube all night.
Oh, they are.
So, yeah, I'm not like Brooker's.
You're lucky
the guardians of help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help, help.
At home, in the neighborhood and that school at school.
To wrap, wrap, wrap.
To keep all of their body warm.
Color is good, good, good.
Learn to jump.
Get another supply of trouble.
Oh, no, it was hard.
Miss May can blow.
George, you forgot something more important than your handkerchief, hand or food.
People who put fingers into their mouth come to them.
Blow George gently.
That's better.
Oh, and oh, oh, and oh.
What do you think?
George, who sent you in here?
I'm hot. I'm hot.
George.
Oh, not so hot.
No pressure on the opening.
Oh, you're moistening your lips and hold it under your tongue.
George came in to see me in bed.
I do think he'd be more comfortable in bed.
Well, just a minute. Just a minute.
It will be better for mother when Joan chooses.
Wrap, wrap, wrap, wrap, wrap, wrap, wrap.
We need heat. We need rubbers.
I'm going to visit Duke come often.
Next morning, father made a box.
Father made a box.
And here are new cups spit into the toilet.
Spitting.
Keep away from persons with.
Here, kindergarten children go to the toilet.
Go to the toilet.
Now, Joan has a wrap, wrap, wrap, wrap.
Everyone is having a good time.
It pays to avoid people with wooden shoes on their doorstep.
And that's why I can of an Arctic creature, an unknown animal.
It doesn't a ruminant.
It swims in the subzero saline waters of the Beaufort Sea.
Hmm, that's very clear by the thousands.
The Beaufort Sea.
The Beaufort.
The Beaufort was.
Some people call it Beaufort.
And a beautiful one it is.
Speaking of Beaufort.
Glossy skins are valued highly by educated professionals.
The subgenius foundation got a membership
of application and donation from the town of Beaufort from a man named Robert Dobbs.
Coincidence or conspiracy?
Is this.
Yeah.
Coincidence.
First Robert Dobbs to join the church.
I think that's very significant.
Man from Beaufort.
The irony is.
Beaufort, Michigan.
Would that be Beaufort, Michigan?
Beaufort, Kansas or Texas?
Beaufort, Texas.
Texas. Beaufort, Peru.
Peru to you too.
Beaufort, Beaufort, Peru.
Oh, well, I'm not sure I understand.
But it's true.
Robert Dobbs joined the church of Bob Dobbs.
Now, do you think that was his real name?
He actually sent it as 30 bucks.
Well, it was a credit card order.
And that does him credit.
Although you don't have to have the correct name to pass a credit card.
I don't.
You only need the the number and the expiration date.
Oh, I'll do a number.
You can have a.
So friends, all I need is your your credit card number and your expiration date.
We don't need your name.
I only wanted to help him.
No one knows his own expiration date.
I know mine.
It is not given to know thine own expiration.
But do you know you're born on day?
I know what I got.
I know what I go.
And do you know your staleness date?
Do you know what it's you're over the hill?
Five minutes. There's no more.
You may not be dead yet, but don't you know what it's like?
He's like a fork in a.
He doesn't trust our youth.
How about your God on too far?
Our joy are the same ones stamped on my head and pays us.
But with earth and dust.
How about you're living on.
Borrowed time date.
I'm in the dark.
It's a moment.
Half when we remember the challenges of the unknown.
We're living on borrowed time.
Shut really the story of our.
It gives me hope.
You know, it just makes me remember that, Dr.
How the challengers of the unknown were living on borrowed time.
That's right.
They didn't know who they borrowed it from.
They don't they didn't know who they were.
They don't know who we are.
And I remember that most people know who they are.
That's why they're unknown.
They were the challengers of the unknown.
Very good.
I guess you guys.
I don't remember helping.
Maybe they were out of this room.
We're going to get it out of here quick before these other fellows.
We're going to pull the show.
You have to pull the plug on the show.
Pull the corners of the show up and fold it in on its own.
The show over the end of this bag.
Or I mean, I still feel like a hobo.
We'll just put it on a stick like a bundle stick.
OK, then trundle the bundle stick.
Bundle stick.
We'll bundle the show up and put it on a bindle stick.
OK, let's get ready.
But from this earth, this grave, this dust.
Bob Dobbs is going up in triumph.
I trust it's goodbye from all of us to all of me.
Goodbye.
The puzzling evidence show of KPFA and Berkeley recorded last December and
finally hauled away by Dr. Philo Drummond, Dr.
Gary Debrogue fan, puzzling evidence, Dr.
Howe, Leslie, a girl, a K-Rob, Bishop Joey and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
The background music is the great Rudy Schwartz Project.
You are listening to the Hour of Slack from
the Church of the Subgenius, praise Bob.
Subgenius.com, Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 4411A.
Now, what do you want me to do with the cash, Bob?
You know what's to be done with it.
Food and warm clothes and
the long
chair.
The story you have just heard is the long chair.
Thank God the president may stink,
but at least now we can look forward to a better yesterday.
And everywhere I spread my seat, I know I'm leaving a little bit of that
gland of Bob, that gland that we all carry and you can bring out that gland
and more of these the more these special little bibles and little translations we
have that are the only.
And they'll bring out that Bob gland in you that will make success come your way.
It will change the way the luck plane works for you.
I mean, the the the way the patterns in the special formulas and the way it all works
in the universe, the way it's all put together in a special mathematical way by
who knows what all and and no one can decode it.
But we can sure make it work our way if we just if we just cleave to Bob, cleave to to
the words of Bob and the foundation that's trying to help Bob and his ministers.
You cannot help Bob without helping the ministers of Bob.
Praise the Lord.
It feels all right. Oh, yes.
Put your hands up.
It's through Dobbs.
Through Dobbs.
Who is who is.
The truth about Bob.
That's my feelings about him.
There he is.
The truth about true feelings about him.
Absolutely. I love Bob and I think Bob lives in all of us.
Nice.
So, Bob, don't get serious about Dobbs.
Don't get serious about Dobbs.
Fuck Bob.
Fuck Bob.
Fuck Bob.
Fuck Bob.
No. No.
What's the trick you're going to show us this time, Blackstone?
Well, now all you need is to show us.
Here's a quarter. Well, here's one.
Lay two matches side by side about four inches apart.
Right there on the table.
Done. Now, Rola, take the coin very slowly.
Here it goes.
Slowly, slowly.
Well, nothing happened. Do it slowly.
Easily.
Here it goes again.
Slowly, slowly.
It doesn't work.
Well, here's a half dollar.
Just give me that coin.
Now watch.
This is Blackstone.
I'm going to fight it out.




I'm wrapin' it up for you.


Nobody's gonna get too high or anything.






It'll just be a second, then.




Maybe.



