I do wish we could chat longer but I'm having an old friend for dinner.
Getting vegetables every day?
You know I can't make that promise.
The Self Genius Power of Swagging!
Shut that dog up!
I bid you welcome.
What do you believe in, huh?
What do you believe in?
I believe whatever doesn't kill you simply makes you...
a stranger.
Give a man a free house and he'll bust out the windows, put his family on food stamps.
Now he's a big spender, no food on the table and the bills ain't paid cause he's spending on cigarettes and PGA.
They'll turn us all into beggars cause they're easier to please.
They're feeding our people that government cheese.
Give a man free food and he'll figure out a way to steal more than he can eat cause he doesn't have to pay.
Give a woman free kids and you'll find them in the dirt.
Learning how to carry on the family line of work.
It's the man in the White House, the man under the steeple, passing out drugs to the American people.
I don't believe in anything.
Not a word.
Nothing is free.
They're feeding our people that government cheese.
Government!
Cheese government.
Cheese government.
Get out!
Declined.
Ball.
Declined.
Ball.
Ball down baby.
Declined and ball.
I said ball way down there.
Declined and ball.
Come on ball down little mama.
Declined and ball.
Oh decline and fall.
Give a man a free ticket on a dead end ride.
And you'll climb in the back even though
nobody's driving too goddamn lazy to crawl out of the wreck.
And he'll ride a while he waits up for the welfare check.
Gone to hell in a handbag.
Can't you see?
I ain't gonna eat no government cheese.
No government cheese.
No government cheese.
No government cheese.
No another government cheese.
No government cheese.
Can't you see?
Without government cheese no government cheese.


No government cheese.
You'll have no government cheese anymore.
With government cheese.

With government cheese.

with government cheese.
With world commerce,
I keepbusiness.
season yours truly reverend ivan stang from 11x day punctuated by some new music from this year's
devotional cover album as you will soon see well we're still uh counting down to three o'clock but
we have much more to impart here with our live broadcast from beautiful brushwood new york
on the day before x day rest assured your money is safe
and i thought my jokes were bad so so friends don't be a well we want you to be a bobby when
it's time to be a bobby when you first get into bob
and
and

A bright apple-cheeked little lad, a beaming Bobby, first springing up and rushing about to tell everyone the news of Bob.
But the old, creaky, tired, and sagging subgeniuses have heard it all.
And they are apt to be a mite grumpy when interrupted from their lawful pursuits with this early, due-fresh Bobby stuff.
But then there's the next phase where you really decide that it's stupid.
And you've outgrown it.
And I don't know why I sent those people so much money.
And they're rude to me.
I posted my hilarious comedy thing on alt.slack and the only ones that even responded made fun of me.
How dare they?
Mockers.
How dare they?
So there's always that phase.
And that one also.
Always.
They always come back.
Invariably.
I've seen them drift so, so far away.
There was a subgenius who, he became a Christian missionary and went to work for Ted Turner.
And yet he returned to the fold in the end.
He knew where the real slack was.
So we don't worry.
We're not insecure.
Bob's not an insecure God like so many others that demand lip service.
Bob says, go ahead and kill me.
Throw my picture down on the ground and pee on it if that's what it takes to free you from my mind control.
Because he doesn't care about your mind.
He doesn't care about your soul.
He cares about the same thing that you most care about.
Your checkbook.
That's right.
Your bank account.
What's in your purse.
Because that's what's real, friends.
All this frippery and foo for all about heaven and hell.



And so forth.
It doesn't matter if you ain't got the scratch.
For old scratch.
And now that the dollar is devalued, does Dobbs have a preference?
Does he say he prefers Euros or the Japanese Yen?
No.
As the great preacher, Reverend Carter LeBlanc pointed out last time,
so what if the dollar has lost some value compared to those other countries' money?
That's just, we did that so we can sell that.
We can sell them more shit.
Ah.
If the dollar gets weak next to the damn Euro,
that just means they're going to be buying more crap from us.
I was concerned because I...
It's a circle of life.
It's like when a cat has its little kittens and then devours two of them.
The great chain of being.
I was really worried, Stang, because I saw you had gotten involved in Water Bear Futures
and I thought maybe you were a prize of some secret investment plan.
Oh sure.
But I'm not worried about it.
That stuff goes up and down, up and down.
How are the water bears doing?
Great.
Oh good, good.
There's always going to be a need for water bears because they're a part of nature.
You know, the most important creatures on this planet are really the worms.
Yeah.
They keep, as far as living animals go, without them the grass would not grow.
True.
As it was finally figured out by the scientists of alt-slot,
dirt is mostly shit and shit is mostly corpses.
Well that's the difference.
When you realize that, it kind of takes you down a notch just a bit.
And plants.
And at the same time it does bring up the truth of the circle of life.
As you die and go to the ground and become worm food, then you somehow, another person arises
and gives their money to Bob.
Bob will always have customers.
If every life form on the surface of the earth was wiped out, there still remain those heat
vent worms at the bottom of the deepest trenches that live off of no oxygen at all but just
heat and sulfuric fumes.
More than that, there's the underground life.
Eventually, their descendants will be building cities, polluting the air, wiping out all
other creatures and causing great extinctions and buying something.
And then there's the subgenius memberships.
Because that can never end.
That is the part of the cycle that cannot end.
Life could end almost, but only in so much as there was still enough to buy salvation
from J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The biomass of the subsurface life exceeds in weight, could it be weighed, the biomass
of all life on the surface.
Including oceanic life.
That's right.
Those worms and microbes outweigh everything bigger than them.
Because there's so much more of them.
That's a lot more souls to save.
I wonder what happens if I fill this suis that has no space.

True.
Who does the ca-

I know you really got a problem.
A nasty kind of reflection.
A dangerous sort of destruction.
It makes it difficult.
Makes it hard to reach.
Takes it all away from what you had in mind.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Here's to you.
I know you really got a problem.
A nervous kind of distraction.
A mild sort of reaction.
A nasty sort of contraction.
You never get no satisfaction.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's a big black hole that you seem to be missing.
And it's driving you to destruction.
But it doesn't seem to stop you in the least.
A heartless obsession that you're rolling on back.
Week after week.
Week after week.
Day after day.
Day after day.
Hour after hour.
Hour after hour.
From where you came.
From all of the same.
Yeah, yeah.
From so long ago.
One oven came.

One day, losing sight of the hell.
Yay, yeah.

It's been two weeks.

I've already lost my piff.
Shit's being great, man.




Occupant did that doing truth.
You've got a problem from the latest
not necessarily beautiful, but mutated out of them,
estado palabras de reverendo
callus wilders,

occupant has been with the church and Devo for over 20 years, I guess,
as has the great writer Robert Anton Wilson.
Heard here in this interview from right where you are sitting now,
a CD from maybelogic.com.
What do you perceive as the greatest threat to our freedom?
The stupidity of the population.
As Schiller said, against stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain.
Do you feel that the American population is more stupid in some way than any other population?
Well, in lots of ways.
In Europe, the owners, the capitalists, the entrepreneurs, the managers,
they all believe...
They believe the more intelligent the workers, the better their work will be.
So they believe in giving good educations even to the working class.
In this country, the capitalists seem to believe the stupider the population is,
the easier it is to manipulate them.
So why waste time by trying to educate them?
And there's been a deliberate dumbing down since the 60s.
Every decade I see more college graduates who don't seem to know...
They not only don't know anything, they don't even suspect anything.
Fortunately, Internet is working in the opposite direction.
I wanted to ask you about that.
You know, many people claim that technology is going to, you know,
especially the Internet and computers are going to be used to enslave us in some horrible way.
And you hear an equal number of people arguing just the opposite,
that it's bringing about all these new types of freedom or new vistas of freedom.
How do you feel about that?
Well, to take it by a curious path, when I was working on my historical novels,
my wife used to say, you know, I'm going to be a writer.
And she used to collect old encyclopedias.
Every time she was in a bookstore that had a set of old encyclopedias, she'd buy it.
So we had about eight different sets of encyclopedias in the house.
So every time I wanted to look up a historical detail,
I'd look it up in three or four of the encyclopedias.
And always it took, it didn't take as much as three.
Usually only two I'd find a disagreement.
If I went through all eight encyclopedias, I'd find eight different...
Like when did, how old was Mozart when he wrote his first symphony?
He was either seven or eight, depending on the age.
Depending on which encyclopedia you look in.
How tall was the Bastille?
90 feet, 100 feet, or 120 feet, according to three encyclopedias I consulted.
This is what provoked me to what I call Wilson's 22nd Law.
Certitude belongs exclusively to those who only own one encyclopedia.
If you own more than one, you begin to encounter a certain amount of doubt
and uncertainty about things in general.
More and more people are doing research on Internet.
I wrote an article a few months ago.
In which I didn't open a single book.
All the research I had to do I did on the web, on the world.
Everything I wanted was on the world wide web.
That certainly wasn't true ten years ago when I first got online.
I did a whole article without once leaving the computer.
Everything I wanted to look up I just go to the world wide web and I could find it pretty fast.
So more and more people are doing research on the web.
And the one thing you find out when you do research on the web is what?
You find out if you own eight encyclopedias.
Which is, there's no one reliable source.
There are a dozen different sources.
All claiming to be reliable.
And then you've got to use your own ingenious mind and your own talent for analysis and skepticism.
Which one of these guys really sounds like he might know what he's talking about?
Which one should I bet on?
Whose source is every act of perception should be regarded as a gamble?
And from the experiments I've done and the experiments I've led in my workshops and seminars,
that has become overwhelmingly obvious and true to me.
Every perception is a gamble.
Just think you're walking down the street in a big city.
You see a face half a block away.
You think it's a friend of yours.
You get a little closer, it's a total stranger.
All perception operates on gambles.
You pick up a few details, you fill in the rest.
And if the guy never comes any closer, you're not sure that you saw an old friend or somebody who just looked a little bit like an old friend.
How does that relate directly to our political freedom though?
The main trouble with Marxist parties is they think,
we think that Das Kapital has all the answers in it.
The major problem with the United States is that about 50% of the population at least thinks the Bible has all the answers in it.
And then there are libertarians who think Ludwig von Mises has all the answers.
Except for the ones who think Ayn Rand has all the answers.
If you think there's one book that has the answers, you're never going to really discover anything and you're never going to think an original thought.
If you find out there's 12 books with different answers,
you're almost forced to start thinking.
So I feel the Internet is forcing more and more people to do something they've never done in their lives before,
which is try to make an independent judgment, how to judge between alternatives.
The Rainmaker came to town
And the people got what they wanted
The Rainmaker came to town
And everybody got what they need
Hey, hey, hey!
Well, the people wanted power
And reputation galore
So they became a bunch of bullies
In the assorted world
And they sailed around the global block
Looking for some heads to knock
And most of them came home heroes
Heroes in a box
And the Rainmaker came to town
And the people got what they wanted
The Rainmaker came to town
And everybody got what they need
The Rainmaker came to town

And everybody got what they needed
The Rainmaker came to town
While the waves were 강ing


And they got what they wanted


Cats and dogs and buckets
And the Rainmaker sailed away
On the flood of relief
Hey, hey, hey!
Well, the people wanted beauty
Beauty and prettiness and all
So they stretched and they dressed and they made up
And put mirrors on every wall
Till they all went blind from ice cream
From the thing they wanted most
Now everybody's so isolated
A good-looking bunch of ghosts
And the rainmaker came to town
And the people got what they wanted
The rainmaker came to town
And everybody got what they need
The rain came falling down
Cats and dogs and buckets
And the rainmaker sailed away
On a flood of relief
Hey, hey, hey
Well, the women just wanted their food too
Cheap instant potatoes and rubber meat
The kids just wanted to watch TV
Now the girls can't spell and the boys can't read
The men just wanted a steady job
Now they got to pay the union mob
And everybody wanted to be free
Laws and rules should keep it that way
Hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey
Well, everybody wants to be happy
Everybody wants to be warm
And be loved and liked and wanted
And have some kind of home
But getting it is work
And keeping it is tough
But destroying it's the easy bit
We all got the magic touch
And the rainmaker came to town



And the rainmaker came to town
And the people got what they wanted
The rainmaker came to town
And everybody got what they need
The rain came falling down
Cats and dogs and buckets
And the rainmaker sailed away
On a flood of relief
A flood of relief
Now sail away at your ghostly pace






Sail away, sail away
And the Rainmaker came to town
The Rainmakers, from their first album with Bob Walkenhorst on singing and guitar,
kind of timely for election time in the USA,
there is a rainmakers.com.
But now, back to the subgenius church X Day stage for July 4th, 2008,
with Dr. Hal Robbins and music by yours truly.
Why would you do that to me, Bob?
Absolutely, whichever one tithed the most.
And then?
Then there are those 11 herbs and spices, too.
It's the old, old story of which one means the most to Bob.
The little old lady who only had a quarter left her dame,
but yet she put it in the collection plate.
Or the Mr. Moneybags, who could easily spend a million dollars and never miss it.
And he only gives Bob 10,000.
I think we know who Bob loves the most.
The one who makes good eatin'.
The fuck that little old bitch.
Yeah.
Not that dried up old thing, but the fleshy capitalist is a far better subject for the grill.
He takes the knife to her, laughing while he does it.
He turns to me and he says, why so serious?
He comes at me with the knife.
Why so serious?
He sticks the blade in my mouth.
I'm not gonna lie.

Let's put a smile on that face.
And why so serious?
Listen to them.
Children of the night.
What music they make.
And now, United Front Ministries presents Dial a Story with Aunt Bertha.
This week's episode, Billy and Timmy Go to Hell.
Good evening, boys and girls.
Once upon a time.
In fact, it was last Sunday evening.
Gee, Billy, I don't think we should have taken that LSD.
Don't sweat it, men.
It'll be cool.
I'm scared.
Don't be scared. You'll have to get it.
I have a bad trip.
Bad trip?
You didn't say anything about a bad trip.
Just don't think about it.
Oh, what if Aunt Bertha catches us?
I don't think that Jesus would...
Oh, forget about that old Jesus.
What's happening, Billy?
Oh, boy, I can taste colors.
Oh.
Look at the trail.
I'm scared.
I think we should go.
I'm scared.
Billy, where are we?
I don't know, Timmy.
It looks like a big cave.
And it smells like charcoal.
I can't see through all the smoke.
We're in hell.
I know we're in hell.
We're gonna be thrown into the lake of fire and beaten up by scorpions and bugs.
And earwigs and horrible leaves and chickens.
And hell, I know it.
I don't know, Timmy.
I think it's just one of them hell hallucinations.
It sure is real, though.
Oh, look.
Billy, it's Satan.
I'll bake your bones to make my bread.
Run, Billy, run.
And so Billy and Timmy ran to and fro throughout the whole lake.
They went on a long, horrid netherworld pursued by the Horned One.
To Long Sugar!
Hey, wait, wait.
I don't want to be cast into the pit of foppers and spiders and horrible leeches and-
I have you now, Timmy.
I'm going to torture you for a thousand years, and then I'm going to throw you into the burning
pit of fiery scorpions.
But, but, I have tried to study the Bible for many hours.
I... oh, don't torture me!
Ow! Ow!
You should have thought of that before you decided to disobey Jesus.
Aunt Bertha!
That's right, Timmy. It was I, Aunt Bertha, who prayed and prayed for you to be delivered from that horrible drug.
We're sorry, Aunt Bertha.
We thought Satan was after us.
But it was only you.
And Jesus.
We'll never take psychedelic drugs again.
See that you don't.
Yeah, I'm having a flashback.
Me too.
And so, Billy and Timmy prayed and cleansed their bodies with holy water and studied the Bible until the wee hours, until they slept the sleep of the angels.
I hope you liked this story, boys and girls.
If you would like to make a donation,
to the Aunt Bertha KFJC Radio Ministries,
get on your phone right now and call
650-941-6800.
That's 650-941-6800.
Call with your pledge now.
Operators are standing by.
That number again is
650-941-6800.
941-6800.
Goodbye now.
Goodbye.
And shoot us out great branches.
Aunt Bertha, Dr. Hal and Phineas Narco from NationalCynical.com.
And now back to the X Day Live.
One starred night Prince Lucifer arose,
Tired of his dark dominions,
Swung the fiend above the rolling ball,
In cloud parts screened,
Where sinners hugged their specter of repose.
Poor prey for his hot fit of pride were those,
And now upon his western wing he leans,
Now his huge bulk o'er Afric's sands careens,
Now the black planet shadowed Arctic snows.
Soaring through wider zones that pricked his scars,
With memory of the old revolt from awe,
He rose to middle height,
And at the stars, which are the brain of heaven,
He paused and sank.
Around the ancient track marched,
Rank on rank,
The armies of unalterable law.
Flies? Flies? Poor puny things.
Who wants to eat flies?
You do, ya loony.
Not when I can get nice fat spiders.
Here is a question, Dr. Hal.
It was written, scratched into the paper with the fellow's keys,
And the question is this.
Where are the pens?
Proving once again that this is not a fake subgenius show.
This is the real thing.
When we hand out stuff for you to write on.
There are markers all along right over there.
The question is which pens do you mean?
The Sharpie pens or the pens to write these answers with?
You might have to share.
It's a question of faith.
You might have to share among one another.
If your neighbor has a pen,
You must borrow it from your neighbor.
That's simply the way it is.
The pens that people draw with, Princess Wee says,
Are pens that people could also write with.
It's a concept. Multitasking, we call it.
You may have noticed that we leave poster board and pens and things laying around.
We try to encourage you subgeniuses to,
Spew it on out, man.
We want to try to encourage your artistic essence.
We want it to germinate and grow.
Well, I see you've accumulated some questions.
So now we're going to begin the Ask Dr. Hal thing.
And probably conclude it very quickly.
But let's have those questions and see if they can help us along our sinusoidal subgenius path.
That farting Bob.
Is still irritating my idea of good audio.
Oh, well, I'll move it farther away.
Hold on. Here, you can answer. Here's our first question.
Could Bob's pipe be considered a yoni slash lingam?
That's a very good question.
Could Bob's pipe be considered a yoni slash lingam?
Well, it is unlikely to be both.
But with Bob, all things are possible.
So aggressively used, Bob's pipe is then the lingam.
Passively used, Bob's pipe is the yoni.
However, one must make sure that it is not glowing to red heat when given this secondary application.
All right. I'm glad to know that.
Because I had really stayed awake at night wondering.
This question, what is the key, the musical key, of Bob's sails pitch?
Ah, that's very interesting.
Well, you know, Bob does have a mellifluous voice.
Which assists him at being the saint of sails.
The most average pitch is, of course, middle C on the piano.
And this is Bob's standard tone as we interpret it.
But on those special occasions, he can soar into a lilting soprano or sink down below a soothing baritone into a rumbling and authoritative bass.
Here's one you'll like, Dr. Howell.
Okay.
Since dinosauria shares some traits of reptiles and dinosaurs,
I ask, right before you get devoured by the hungry T-Rex,
do you have to face his mighty throbbing hemi-penis?
That would be a confused dinosaur, I think.
Dinosaurs know the difference between food and a sexual object.
Unlike some subgeniuses I might name.
Subgeniuses have larger brains and larger and more developed plays.
They have a more
we should celebrate our differences, even where we differ from the noble dinosauria.
But if you did have to face the throbbing hemi-penis of a rampant Tyrannosaurus Rex,
it would only be a brief moment before the merging of alimentation.
The
T-Rex
is a
superhuman
dinosaur.
It's a
superhuman
dinosaur.
It's a
superhuman
dinosaur.
It's a
superhuman

It's a superhuman

A dish.
It's
It's awij Duin.
T워 call
T Nasıl

A

and gets in deep with the sharks.
Hey.
One day they carve her face.
We have no money for surgeries.
She can't take it.
I just want to see her smile again.
Huh?
I just want her to know that I don't care about the scars.
So,
I stick a razor in my mouth
and do this
to myself.
And you know what?
She can't stand the sight of me.
She leaves.
Now I see the funny side.
Now I'm always smiling.
Here's another one.
This is one I'm sure many of you have wondered.
Who would win in a fight?
Bob or Shatner?
Boy, you know, this is so much like the actual questions.
Questions.
I get that.
Who would win in a fight?
Popeye or Superman?
You know, that sort of thing.
In this case, who would win in a fight?
Bob or Shatner?
Bob and Shatner could go at it.
And Bob might be down,
but he would ultimately get up.
But Shatner would just be ultimately exhausted.
Shatner is only mortal.
And doesn't really give 100% these days.
The way he used to.
I know you all know the way he used to.
But,
you know, he's only frail, mortal flesh.
And besides, he's got everything he wants.
But if you want to see a real Shatfest,
you've got to go to watch The Intruder,
that Roger Corman movie.
The only good movie that Roger Corman ever made,
the only one that ever lost money,
features William Shatner
as an evil, racist agitator
who comes into a small southern town
and works them up into lynching,
and other atrocities.
And to film this,
they went to an actual southern town
full of racists,
and got them all riled up.
It's a terrifying and wonderful film,
and in the middle of it,
you see Shatner
acting his scary heart out.
Now that young Shatner
might give Bob more time
on the field of battle.
But I think the fact that we're all here
shows that we all know
Bob will ultimately prevail.
Right, they had the fight, Bob won.
Now this one I've even heard asked at X Day before.
It's a very common one.
All right.
Is there anything that Dobbs cannot sell?
Hmm, anything that Dobbs cannot sell.
Is there anything that Dobbs cannot sell?
I don't think there's anything that Dobbs
cannot sell,
but there are things that he
characteristically does not sell.
You know, there is only a certain amount of inventory,
and until one is blessed with infinite time,
one doesn't get to go through all the stock,
particularly the out-of-sale items in the back room,
the shop-worn items.
These you can sell,
but why bother when you can entice them in,

and when you can't?
So, I'm going to go ahead and read the first part.
The first part is,


Bob's special talents of salesmanship
have always made his meat and drink, so to speak.
Dobbs, Dobbs, Dobbs, Dobbs, Dobbs, Dobbs, Dobbs,
Dobbs, Dobbs, Dobbs, Dobbs, Dobbs, Dobbs, Dobbs,
Dobbs, Dobbs, Dobbs, Dobbs, Dobbs,
this will be disturbing.
I have a statement.
I am bisexual, a cross-dresser, a homosexual, in action.
Bath houses, massage parlors, mortuaries.
The sexual confusion that...
Hold still for this. Admit it!
In a restroom, a transgender movement...
...can go into the girls' restrooms?
Is that what that means?
Well, it has to be.
Somewhere, spreading, leaking.
I am with that.
Stand up next to the movement!
Go stand up next to the mountain and jump it down.
I'm up above and down.
I stand up next to the mountain and jump it down.
Gonna jump it down with my hands.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hello. Welcome to eternal sodomy.
Clean, sexual, strange flesh.
Lust for one another.
Sodomy is sexual passions.
Men with men.
Women with women.
Sexual burning.
And lust for one another.
Sexual sodomy.
Practicing homosexuals.
Of homosexual sodomite lesbian practices.
Did you notice?
Homosexuals will inherit the kingdom of dog women.
People can come out if you want to.
As is the well-eaves of the...
Well-eaves.
Nass-o-dash-tet.
Gar-ro-gar-ro-gar-ro-dash-tet.
Collages by Norrell Treff.
When not by Fernanda Nandi-Lemur.
The booty-chop cut up there was by earth, wind, and fire.
But now we go to the 11X Day drill and ask Dr. Howell.
Dr. Howell, this is a two-part question,
or two questions from Reverend Xanatos.
I can stand the push of your two questions.
Question number one.
Why is the sky?
Hmm.
Well, that's a good one.
Yes?
Why is the sky?
Why do we have to have a sky?
Why is there a sky instead of no sky?
Why do we not have the icy embrace of outer space?
Instead of this atmosphere with its confusing clouds and winds
and meteorology?
Well, it's all linked together.
We have a moon.
The moon makes tides.
The tides...
The tides...

The tides cause the waters of the earth to move.
Our moon is exceptionally large.
Without our disproportionately large moon,
we might have a static system.
The elements of the atmosphere might congeal or escape off
into space.
We have a sky, but that sky, as permanent as it seems,
is like everything else, a transient phenomena.
They say there's no such thing
as permanent phenomena.
There's no such thing as perpetual motion.
And there isn't.
But you can push the envelope until, for our purposes,
it's almost the same thing.
The sun eternally falling toward the earth in that regard
is a perpetual motion machine.
Of course, it's getting energy from outside itself.
Without the sky, there would be no protection
from the deadly cosmic rays, which are sleeting
through everything, and our soil would simply be lifeless,
like the moon and large parts of the so-called planet Mars.
But you know, folks, it is the organic which creates soil.
It is the presence of shit and death which makes the soil
as fecund as it is.
And you can start growing in regolith if you have the elements
of it, because when you do so, you're changing regolith,
which is a very big force for the earth to move and fall
into the soil.
There will come a time when our sky is not what it is now.
Unfortunately, this time is coming very rapidly.
The entire earth is going to be closed down.
I don't think anyone is going to get out of it.
It's not just x-day, too.
If x-day doesn't happen, the world will end anyway.
Anyway, the oceans are going and when the oceans go we don't have the phytoplankton
and our sky or what we have left of it will be quite different.
You know the oceans are being carbonated as if the oceans were a large soft drink because
of the carbon emissions that are being pumped into the atmosphere these days.
And this means that calcareous creatures with shells will not be able to form those shells.
Not just coral reefs.
All that's going to be living in the oceans in a very short time is bacteria and jellyfish.
And if you think this won't affect Earth's blanket of atmosphere, you've got another thing coming.
Well, there's another part of this question which is why does the conspiracy value
cleanliness so much?
Well, it was John Wesley, the founder of the Methodist faith, who said cleanliness is next to godliness.
And sure enough it is true because God being ex-organic does not need to be scrubbed or cleaned.
But on the other hand, as I have pointed out, cleanliness is next to the lunar rock, to lifelessness,
to the immortal monument.
And so, cleanliness is the last of the questions that I've been given.
Is there a way for us to consciously alter the luck plane?
I believe it's alter, affect, I'm sorry, affect the luck plane.
Yes.
That's my answer, yes.
There is a way to alter the luck plane.
First of all,
it's a feeling.
It's an instinctive feeling.
Like if you're surfing the luck plane, you have to be somewhat cognizant of the sinusoidal nature of luck itself.
These things do not travel in straight lines but in waves.
For example, whenever I see a penny, I always bend over and pick it up.
You may be familiar with these studies by time and energy efficient yuppies
who figure their time is so valuable that it is a waste of their time to bend over and pick up a penny.
So they let it lie.
Well, what about a nickel?
What about a half dollar?
I find that if you avoid these pennies, you might be avoiding the fractal tail of a large sum of money
which will come your way if you only grasp the end of it and firmly pull it towards you.
If you don't believe you're going to have luck, in other words,
your luck will, or lack of it, will substantiate this belief.
Every time I find a nickel, pretty soon I make pretty good financial score.
And on those few occasions when I've found $20 bills, and there are such occasions,
I have not avoided picking them up.
And lo, soon after that I've gotten good jobs, large checks,
and have been able to devote myself to personal success.

I'm not a professional slack.
Dr. Hell, a subgenius just brought me a question with what looks to me to be a tawdry bribe.
What are you saying?
Let me show you.
Oh, this is no bribe.
This is simply some money for me and a perfect illustration of what I was saying.
And here it is, the question.
My son, who is now a bachelor,
now 20,
is still afraid to come to X Day.
But his 15-year-old sister,
what's to be here?
What?
What's to be here?
It must mean wants.
Yes, it's written wants.
What do I do?
Well, what you do is you satisfy the spirit of the yearning proto-subgenius,
and let that child who wishes to come to X Day come to X Day.
Because who knows when it will be too late to come to X Day.
Too late to board the vessel.
Too late for everything.
And then in those last minutes before you frizzle and fry in the Holocaust at the end of time,
there will be the added torment of reproaching yourself
for not acting when you should.
And like the old cat in the adage,
waiting too long.
It's just Bob is what it is.
It's just, it's literally Bob.
Lingering at the tattered fringe of your consciousness,
flooding your awareness with bold new waves of sound,
sweeping you inexorably toward grand new vistas of being.
The National Cynical Network.
The National Cynical Network.
Now that's one movie of Steven Spielberg's that he didn't re-edit.
There have been no special editions of any...
Steven Spielberg?
Steven Spielberg.
There have been no special editions of those movies.
It's odd.
He's done everything else.
Listen to it.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why, why?
Why?
In a way...
Why Amy, what so chance have you?
I don't know.
Why?
Because something doesn't work.

Are you crazy?
What you see at that moment is the perceived message of a shitload of people
out of their minds denke shots at those things.
He has...
It's beautiful.
Don't look at the reverb machine, Marion.
Don't look at the reverb machine.
It's beautiful.
It's beautiful.
Keep your eyes shut, Marion.
No.
It's beautiful.
He keeps saying it's beautiful and then he blasts himself with white noise.
It's beautiful.
Well, I don't see what's so beautiful about it.
I'll open it.
Yes, Raiders of the Lost Boombox coming to a theater near you.
Boombox?
It's beautiful.
I'm going to blow up the Sony.
Sony, Rene.
Don't do that.
Blow it back to God.
Don't do that.
Don't do that.
Don't do that.
Don't do that.
Phineas Norco and company from NationalSynical.com.
And now back to the cleanliness of Dr. Howe.
So there was one question you missed here.
That was the second one for me.
Nope.
I got it.
Oh, the cleanliness.
Cleanliness.
Cleanliness.
Yes.
The sine qua non.
Cleanliness.
Cleanliness is an illusion.
One cannot be clean.
One can only remove minor excrustations from the surface.
Inside, it's all dirt from the standpoint of robots and crystalline formations.
All salt, stink, and fluids.
But we have to embrace that portion of ourselves.
Weren't there some aliens that referred to the humans as...
Ugly.
Squirming bags of unfulfilled appetites?
No.
Ugly bags of water held up by white sticks.
Sure.
Well, that's their prejudice, you know.
To us, maybe they're the monster.
I suspect they are.
I suspect they're the typical unthinkable things.
Either bone-dry monsters from another world, which is where you get that prejudice against human squishiness.
So...
Or gas-based creatures like those in the clouds of Jupiter.
Those stink.
God, they stink to high heaven.
To me.


But humans are extremely well-suited for this universe.
I'm going to risk a little bit of bad luck and point out something here.
That humans are right in the middle of the possible size anything can have in the universe.
They are right at the point between...
Micro-smallness and unthinkable hugeness.
They're among the largest creatures on the planet Earth.
All the animals larger than people you can write on a single sheet of paper.
The ones that are smaller take volumes to list.
And then if you go on out through the nebulas and gas clouds and galaxies,
you find that as you approach the super-large,
you're also doing it from the middle point.
The golden mean.
Yes, those humans are placed there.
Here's one last question.
Oh, a last question.
Well, I thought they were all...
It's a one-word question.
You may have seen it before.
Ah, yes. Oh, yes. I get this one a lot.
And this question is, why?
That's an interesting question.
It's a good question.
It has also been phrased as, why is there anything?
Why is there a universe at all?
Why is there something and not nothing?
And many people go on and on with,
what a wonderful miracle is that there's something and not nothing.
Underpinning this attitude is a proto-theological attitude.
Even a proto-Christian attitude,
that there should be something devoid of contingency,
is not that remarkable.
And so, to the question, why?
My answer is now, and is always,
because.
Accept it. Get used to it.
You can deny it, but you who deny are part of the fabric,
part of the Baroque complexity,
and you might as well put your back into it.
Thank you very much.
Ah-huh!
A Hing Set.
Dr. Howell from the 11th X Day Drill Live Tapes.
The background music here is by Speed.
And you are otherwise hearing our Slack number 1170.
For more information on the Church of the Subgenius,
you can check out subgenius.com.
But let's clock out now with the Transistors doing this classic by Deebo.
We'll see you next time.
It's a beautiful world we live in
A sweet romantic place
Beautiful people everywhere
The way they show their care
Makes me want to say
It's a beautiful world
It's a beautiful world
It's a beautiful world
For you
For you
For you
It's a wonderful time to be here
It's nice to be alive
It's a wonderful time to be here

Wonderful people everywhere
The way they come, their hair
Makes me want to say
It's a wonderful place
It's a wonderful place
It's a wonderful place
For you
For you
For you
, girl
All you number of bravos
My new pizzeria
All you number of bravos
Enjoy our problems
Gypsy
Today is a mountain
But I'm not going away
I'm tired of your clumsiness
Have you heard me make a song?
ec
Beautiful people everywhere
The way they show they care
Makes me want to say
It's a beautiful world
It's a beautiful world
It's a beautiful world
For you
For you
For you
It's not for me
Not me
Not for me
Not for me
Not for me
Not for me
Not me
It's just not for me
But , yeah
If you believe it
It's just hard to get
Hoje

I'm slime

If I could get your head up and down
Just like I said
Thank you.
