Yeah, okay.
I'll tell you what, we're going to get into all that.
Don't worry, man. Don't worry. You don't have no program.
Just relax.
When I say toilet paper, that's when you come rolling out, okay?
We're going to continue on with the thing recorded in 1738 in the Benjamin Franklin Studios.
Some of my friends have prepared a song that they desire you to hear.
And I would appreciate it if you would listen to it.
Also, please play it for your friends.
And even after election day, please run it off once in a while
to remind you that I am in Washington and will be watching out for your interests.
The song will now be sung by the Lang and Glee Club.
Are you a vampire, Melvin Laird?
Are you a blank vampire?
Are you caught?
In the Transylvanian transvestite time trap, Melvin Laird?
Honk, honk, oh the geese of Canada
Quack, quack, oh the ducks of derision
Late at night
When the moon is full
Do you creep from the crypt
And flit from throat to throat, Melvin Laird?
Cause I saw you grinning with a drool a-dripping on the TV screen
Testifying with your vacant voice for the ABM machine
I could swear I saw two fangs touching the microphone
So I'm carrying my wafer, I'm carrying my cross
Just in case I find you breathing down my neck
In the silent halls of Congress, Melvin Laird
Are you a vampire, Melvin Laird?
Are you a blank vampire?
And it's starting with verse 1 of chapter 4.
It says,
Dear friends, do not believe every spirit,
but test the spirits to see whether they are
from God, because many false prophets
have gone out into the world.
It is a quest.
It's a quest for Bob.
We're going to Bob the entire Cleveland area tonight, yet again.
Yes!
We are Uber women going into Kinko's to make thousands of Bob faces.
Thousands and thousands and thousands of Bob faces.
Billions upon billions.
And then we're going to scatter them.
Yay!
Unto the masses.
Unto the masses.
And 1 Timothy 4.1 says that there are false prophets
that go around teaching doctrines of devils.
This is a doctrine that I feel are the devil.
2 Chronicles 11, 14-15 says,
it says,
Don't be surprised because the Satan will appear as an angel of light.
I know you think, well, it's just an innocent, fun little holiday
for kids to go out and dress up.
Well, we need to really investigate and find out what the origins are.
And we need to be honest with ourselves and say,
we're nothini 621.
Come no, find us, me.
I hope you saved Alrighty Where.
00.
I'm telling you thatặ 시ce I can try this later.





a punk rocker, or whatever you are again, it just never fails.
That's the way they want you.
They want you a bum.
Lose your job, lose your car, just like it used to be when you ran around with them,
and you're starting the same thing again.
So I'll tell you what, the best thing for you to do is keep away from me
because I don't want no part of it.
Until you can shape up, change your look, get rid of that blonde hair,
go back to normal, and get off the drugs and the booze
and quit running around with those kind of girls you ran around with.
What? Who am I?
I'm the record.
Genie the record.
Genie the magic record.
Why, I can do anything.
Oh, you don't think so?
Well, I'll prove it.
Alakazoot, I'm a whistle.
That was easy.
Alakazing, I'm the subgenius.
Our host.
Watch.
Here's your host.
I was shown on my inner eyelids the true history of this planet.
It is one.
Of an amazement.
And it's gold.
Yes, I said gold.
It's gold.
It's more impressive and more wonderful than any, any, any religious
or any superstitious nonsense that has been propagated to keep the hybrids going.
To keep them pointed in one direction.
We Canada has lost since 1992,
and now, in a series of


Is in many but would not be.
The surname jerk.
Yeah.

It must be true slack, not the bad slack of the conspirators.
Ah, yes, dear friends, this is your host and prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang,
and I was sitting down getting ready to do Hour of Slack number 961,
and oh, there was so much to choose from.
A newly-mer collage, an ancient, rare fire sign theater, puzzling evidence all new,
and there's some synesthesia call-ins at Starwood.
More of that Onan on Mars, all kinds of stuff.
But I got to digging around in my old box of shows, old shows,
from when we had that one brain cell.
And I pulled out one labeled Pre-Election Pledge and Vote Drive.
And I listened to it a little bit, and my gosh, I think I'm just going to run that whole show
because it goes on.

It kind of puts things into perspective due to its incredible age.
Even though Hurricane Ivan is so current, yet this ancient show.
Well, you'll see.
Hour of Slack number 365.
Well, we're on number 961.
That's about 600 shows ago at 50 shows a year, 12 years ago.
That would make this about 1992.
And yet, it seems like yesterday.
And that's the horror.
I'm sure of it, too.
It's also during a pledge drive, which is also rather timely since we've all gone broke.
So, friends, ignore all phone numbers and station IDs that I might have accidentally left half audible
in this ancient, ancient show.
Praise God.
And it's ludicrous.
It is absolutely crazy.
How can we, as, I mean, we look back,
and we look back, and we look back, and we look back, and we look back, and we look back,
and we think, you know, where they were primitive people, you know, they were practicing these crazy rituals,
and, you know, and these crazy traditions of spirit worship and things.
Hey, man, wake up.
Nothing's changed.
You go to MJ Designs, and you've got four aisles full of ghosts, goblins, witches, and, you know, and death and gloom.
And, you know, and what is going on here?
We need to realize that all we've done is just become more sophisticated in the same area.
We need to stand up against it.
Right.
We need to say no.
I know this day.
He didn't leave with Lucevac.
Telephone rang.
It would not stop this President Kennedy calling me up.
He said, my friend Bob, what do we need to make the country grow?
I said, my friend John.
The South Virginia must have flat.
When you look down the street, it's like, it's like the city's getting ready for a Bob Parade or something, man.
I mean, there's like, you just look down the street and there's like, there's Bob.
Bob.
Staring at you.
He's giant Bob heads everywhere.
And we telephone Paul.
And we made him in Dayglo colors.
Big orange colors.
Yeah, and they look like Halloween Bobs.
And pink.
You can see the pink ones really well, too.
Yes.
Oh, God, they're great.
And then, and then I saw her.
She was a bright red 64 GTO with 50.
And that's awesome.
And then I saw some of the fins and gills like some giant piranha fish.
I'm obscene phallic symbol on wheels.
Little rivers of anticipation ran down.
I can see that I can go 500 Italian forces into life.
Reality behind me.
Inside the belt of my trousers.
And then we hit the magic.
Yes.
Yes, my love exploded over her bright pink leather interior.
And at that moment, I thought of my mother.
That was easy.
Alakazing, I'm a telephone.
Telephone.
You don't have to answer that.
It's only me.
I'll make you smile and I'll make you laugh
as I spin around on your pornograph.
Round and round I go.
Ouch! Oops!
Be careful with that needle.
It scratches.
I'm sure glad you turned me over.
That fuzz on the phonograph tickles.
I'll bet I can sing Farmer in the Dell faster than you can.
The farmer in the Dell, the farmer in the Dell.
Stop, stop.
Did you sing it that fast?
Oh, you did.
Well, I bet I can sing it even faster than that.
And there was no sound at all.
Put the clock upon the wall.
And the door burst open wide.
And my daddy stepped inside.
And he kissed my mama's face.
And he brushed her tears away.
That's right.
It's the Princess Wee and Sister Mary Square Show.
That's right.
Chick is twisted.
Crazy.
Oop-a-shooby.
Hip-lip city.
My analyst told me that I was right out of my head.
But I said, dear doctor, I think that it's you instead.
Because I have got a thing that's unique and new.
To prove it, I'll have the last laugh on you.
Because instead of one head, I got two.
And you know two heads are better than one.
Hey, man, don't badmouth the head.
Hey, we got a reward.
The head is cool.
I do not wish to appear stupid.
I do not wish to appear stupid.
Inside my steamer trunk, my eight-year-old son was losing his hair.
What shall I do?
What shall I do?
I do not wish to appear stupid.
So for all I know, maybe these...
Ah, yes.
Oh, my God.
This is one of the callers that wanted to meet Reverend Stang at a cheap motel.
That's a good one.
He comes with a $200 plan.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty, purgish, hard-to-back, black, important...
Well, tonight, dear friends, we're going to try a new money-raising technique.
It's real simple.
The more you pay us, the funnier and yet more biting and trenchant and perceptive
our wonderful show will be.
Now, so far, only a few people have called in, so the show is still fairly silly and
immature, although still, no doubt, better than anything on television.
Eh?
Uh, what now?
Wait a minute.
Hi, Waldo.
How the hell are you?
Gosh, Rudy.
I sure am hungry.
Well, don't have a cow, Waldo.
Let's you and me go see what's cooking up at Bud's.
You mean where the corn dogs are puffing?
Hot charred.
That's right, Waldo.
Are you ready?
Yep.
Nope.
I'm afraid...
I'm afraid...


I'm afraid, dear friends, you aren't ready.
That one, that one's just...
We haven't even reached that level of intelligence yet because you haven't paid enough.
As more people pledge, the material in the show will gradually become more relevant,
more timely, more sophisticated.
And when we've raised 500 bucks, we'll turn the wit factor up to .5 degrees.
At $700, we'll achieve pithiness.
Let's go.
We'll get to a level that's above, well above, 97%.
And when we reach, dear friends, when we reach our goal of 1,000 American dollars tonight,
when we reach that point, if we can reach that tonight, by then, it will be the greatest
audio production in the entire universe.
For now, it's still pretty stupid, I guess.
Because we're not going to be smart for nothing, friends.
We're sub-geniuses.
We must have slack or money.
Because, well, for instance, as it says here in Slackalonians 4.25, he was delivered,
de-kidneyed and eviscerated for our sins and was regurgitated from the gorge of living
death, even for the justification of these, our grins.
I'm sorry.


And I can't think of a better way to put it, well, we saved my ass.

It certainly had to be stale.
But the reason that this again I'll be making a video about how the He specby took care
of yourself, and what happened, I'm not sure.
Is the Bible such a Roman notified things to you?
Your eyes, you eyes?

You're half-me.
and knowledge, and you, speaking to the people of Dobstown, even with the second helping
of Rugo's pinkish-eyed ones, put him to debt by nailing him to the crosshairs of Wellman's
gun site.
For Bob so shoved the world that he gave up his only besotted Sunday supplement subscribers
that he, rather than they, should have the effulgence of slack unending, in order that
they be sure to endure eternal life, yea, to itch his own even unto the hind end of
the world.
Yet Dobbs regurgitated, freeing his epoptitude from the agony of slacklessness, for it was
impossible.
For knee-gee, whose grunt is knee, to keep his hold on him, Dobbs went out on stage throughout
the night of slack for ye and everyone to prepare the way for us to leave the house.
Moronicus 2, 611.
Bob, who being in very nature Dobbs, did not consider equality with anti-Bob something
to be grasped, clutched, or palpated.
But rather...
Smoked in his living pipe, like a fine burly or rum-soaked shag, he himself nothing taking
the very nay, sure, taking instead the very nay-ture of a salesman, never taking no for
an answer.
And being in appearance as a man, he fumbled himself in the dark, staining the sheets,
and became obedient to entropy.
And.
Therefore God exulted and chortled to himself, but we gave Dobbs the name that is above every
name, Salesman of the Year, that at the word of Bob every knee should water, and each hew
man soil the tops of his shoes.
And now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether this cult, that cult, or for
that matter any cult, should so long endure.
We are met!
On a great potter's field of that war!
These bland pinks, living and dead, shall little note nor long remember what we do here.
By the way, I forget, what is it that we are doing here?
Oh yeah, it is for we the living to confess that J.R. Bob Dobbs is dead to the infinite
gratification of Jehovah One, the Father, senile, infinitely maligned space god.
Jesus can't be saved.

He came here as a servant, but Dobbs came as a salesman.
Prescriptures 2019.
And he came unto the daughters of the farmers, and knew them well, when there was no room
for him to be by himself during the night.
And in the morning before the sunrise he continued travelling upon his route, so that the franchise
might not be usurped.
Yes?
And to this day it never hath been so.
Bobbs is still the route.
Bobbs is still the franchise.
And now dear friends, as Sister Basilica passes out among you, as she sniffs the contents
of the collection plate, each and every one of you dear friends should reach down, deep
down and give to the church of the powerful blinding apostasy.
Dear friends, give!
There is no throne but exalts in its own freedom, to scatter its fundaments on the
earth, soiling the uppers of its shoes, to let down the inward produced product of its
concentration, fertilizing the fields of science, sorcery, art, and religion.
Ah!
Ah!
For, lo, the frop cloudeth my brain, and my buckler and sheath shall be lost.
shield are ripped away. I am naked before thee, Dobbs, all nagoi, thou who hast unbuckled my
buckler and unsnapped my shield, which was my sole protection. Yea, my buckler being so unbuckled,
I am even as a poe-buck or buck naked before Bob. Bob dashes a bucket of ice water over my loins.
The buck path is not for the buck and the doe dwell in the same forest. The buck is Bob. He is
bucking tradition. He changes brick bats into buckets of bucks. Bucks, bucks, yea, bucks, bucks,
but awkward bucks. Difficult to explain away. I am chicken before my epopt, yea,
foul like the birds of the ground, Neuroticus 13.6.
Oh, sick, sick, sick is this world, O Bob, who hath beslimed the ground after thee,
even like unto the slugs and snails of the garden, whose chambered shells we step on and crush
inadvertently. Thou art not the healer, but the pharmacist, for thou dost sell unto us thy remedy
of slack, and it is unto us that we pay over to you the price, the price, Bob, which thou dost ask,
namely all that we have, and we shall come to thee.
Call that into our beloved radio station, which presents your words, which we know we would never
hear on any other kind of station, a station which needs so much money, and we shall put it,
therefore, in the envelope and send it in, for the excess are nearly upon us,
and the sale ends tomorrow. Going out of business,
prices slashed, everything must go. So ask not upon what day shall the tithe be sent,
for, unless ye know otherwise, every day is Dob's day, and ye never know when the master cometh,
again and again. Amen.
And praise Bob.
And, in fact, praise Dr. Howell, who actually wrote that extremely erudite-sounding and verbose rant.
At this level, our salesman can see the top of the ladder and is well on his way there.
You revolting genetic accident, take your smelly shell elsewhere.
See, General Spyback, see how well you...
He is a little crazy, but he's a little crazy.
He's a little crazy, but he's a little crazy, and I'm so amazed he's loyal.
Stupid, but loyal.
But, little listeners, you may ask, is there hope?
Listen, you little listeners whistling in the glistening mist.
Listen to these inspirational words from the Book of Life, Chapter 10, Bankruptcy, verse
than ever.
The passage runs, and I quote,
If you be tired or be proud, if you've got that run-down feeling, remember, you're not
just anybody, you're special.
You are living proof that God does not exist.
Yes, you, little listener.
If you are like most of the people who follow you, you are living proof that God does not exist.

who listen to this show are proof that no supreme being could ever exist the phones aren't ringing
i've got a tape here that will absolutely blow your mind i was about to shift into the serious
socially relevant political part i've got material here this tape is so timely and so new that
joe paulino and mr trocar i believe that's his name a tow car in san francisco fedex this thing
to me so i could get it on the air before the election actually i've got a bunch of stuff that'd
be real good before the election i would like to play that material it's timely and urgent that's
right but this is the point is you're not going to hear this in any other station around here
you're not going to hear anything even remotely like it so
well my name is george you might have heard of me i ran the cia back in 73 straight out of kenneth
bunkport i'm a
t-shirt
texas resident in 1980 i became vice president hostage deals never heard of that poop
contras and drugs i was out of the loop besides no one cares that's plain to see because in 88
you elected me eight years a second string to the gipper finally i got the ball well i sold
some arms to my buddy sadam he turned around and gave kuwait the slam so i kicked his butt bombed
iraq to rubble killed a bunch of school kids without any trouble sent in the u.s team yep
we cleared the benches buried iraqi boys alive in the trenches now gasoline's cheap the message is
plain mess with our oil you'll feel the pain at least your non-combatants will we're hell on decoys
too one day my son neil called me on the phone he said dad about this little savings and loan called
silverado it was giving him trouble and one day it would burst like a big fat bubble i said don't
worry son i'll save your neck the u.s voters are going to pick up the check for all the money that
the u.s has and hey that's not all you just wait till the rest of the bank system falls
never have trusted banks put your money in plastics i've always said well i went to japan
and i met a whole bunch of bigwigs there then i lost my lunch the japanese prime minister he took
it in stride he called for his limo and we went for a ride he said george that stuff you barfed
on my shoe was our biggest u.s import since 82 yep we own your factories we run your banks george
you gave us the store by the way
thanks very polite people the japanese you know they drive on the left side of the road it's been
a great four years just look what i've done we're the biggest debtor nation that's under the sun
unemployment's up a million people in jail the whole social system is ready to fail abortion's
still legal that's a matter of time you may believe anita but clarence thomas is mine so i'm
out of here done my republican share to send the country off to god knows where it's the democrats
turn let them do what they can we'll be back in 96 with a man
named
dan
quail that is hey you think that's scary just wait till pat robertson runs hey you think maryland
will let bar and me visit the oval office for old time's sake what not conservative enough why i gave
that boy a start hell i was in dallas in 63 when he was in knickers james my haldol please
oh yes dear friends the george bush farewell rap by tokar and paulino there in san francisco
and uh... did you know
k n o n
the spell backwards is
and o n k
nonc
dallas
said backwards is
salad and did you know that the clinton backwards is the and and and and levels
the
the
you've been there
are you still there
before вопрос
a
had
your remove
wander you
we'll all

a
parallel
genetic
compost here
there's a mighty problems too good
well
Yep, Cleveland Backwards is DNA level C.
It's backmasking.
Did you know that if you take the phrase,
Jesus loves you, and play it backwards on a rock and roll album,
and this is serious now, this is true,
the phrase, Jesus loves you, backwards, comes out as,
we smell sausage.
But if you take the phrase, Bob loves you, and play it backwards,
it says, we smell Bob.
Bob.
By the way, that was discovered by an Akron, Ohio, subgenius alumnus,
Mark Mothersbaugh.
Oh, well, yes.
Discovered that on his fancy computer doohickey, and informed us.
It used to be on his answer machine.
You know, I have a lot, a lot to thank Cleveland.
Mark Mothersbaugh was in Devo Wars.
Yeah, he went in Devo.
Some of these.
He was in the Devo.
He was in the Devo.
That was a great band.
He used to whip it.
A whole lot of subgenius mutant hierarchs came from this era.
And some other things.
Especially Akron.
Especially the Akron area.
Palmer Vreedys of the Lies Foundation.
Yeah.
And, well, I guess that's about it.
I guess that's about it.
Now, hold on.
Now, how many, and now, Cleveland is pumping out,
it's like a gigantic zit erupting with subgenius madness.
Subgenius madness.
Pope Jimbo.
Pope Jimbo.
Pope Jimbo, I hope you're listening.
We thank you.
Well, I don't.
I think we should announce over the air what we have to thank Pope Jimbo for in Cleveland.
I got some letters from certain, well, committees and, well, the city government requesting that the Subgenius Foundation cease and desist.
And, Senator, I stand here to tell you that Pope Jimbo had nothing to do with any of that.
No, no, no.
You can't blame.
And I don't know who he is.
I don't know his real name.
I'm not.
And I'm not going to.
Meet him tomorrow.
Well, okay, you've alluded to this man, and now you're not going to talk about him.
I'm not going to talk about him.
Well, actually, I am going to meet him tomorrow, but I didn't want anyone to know that.
Because I don't know yet.
I'm not allowed to.
Is he a real hierophant?
I mean, does your church have a hierarchy?
You mentioned a hierarchy.
I thought you were good.
A rigid, rigid hierarchy.
A rigid hierarchy.
Well, I thought the only hierarchy was Bob itself, himself.
Well, it's sort of like the Sunnis and the Shiites, you know.
I forget which is which.
I think the...
The Sunnis believe that there is no intermediary between God and man, and Allah, all of it.
You know, everybody's their own preacher.
But then the Shiites believe that there are these imams.
Imams, yes.
Yeah, imams who stand in between...
And their actual spokespeople for all of that, and God, and so forth.
As we all are.
Yeah, and some subgeniuses, there's Sunni subgeniuses...
We're imams.


...who hate the hierarchy and think we're a whole bunch of fascist show-offs and blabbermouths.
We should be burned at the stakes.
And then there's those who recognize that, in fact, we are closer to Bob than you pathetic mere mortals out there with your $20 memberships.
Oh, I'm just remembering.
And all of that, and I'll have you know, I'll tell Bob on you.
I'm gonna tell Bob on you.
Christ, is that easily done?
Is that easily done?
I don't know.
I heard a preacher on the radio once.
I heard him say it a long time saying, I'm gonna tell God on you.
And I thought, well, what a concept.
Now, that guy's a Shiite.
He don't know Shiite.
And I don't know Sunnis.
Got no use for them Sunnis.
I like the Shiites.
Because I'm one of them, you know, imams.
I just watched you stop combing your hair and kiss me.
You're the maximum, utmost.
Well, I'm beamed in a dreamsville and I'm moving right now.
Because that's the kind of scene that I dig.
Baby, you're the ginchiest.
What?
Mmm.
Mmm.
Mmm.
My bob head is down.
Yeah, but what good is that bone gonna do us?
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
We're stimpified and ranned.
We are.
We're stimpified and ranned.
We've been deeply stimped and ranned.
Stimped and ranned.
Something.
Something.

Bob is coming.
And ain't no lie.
Well, I went to the drugstore.
And what did I buy?
A blank cassette.
Papers.
Papers.
Doo doo doo doo da girls.
Doo doo doo da girls.
Doo doo doo da girls.
Doo doo doo da girls.
Do they want to have one?
Doo doo doo da girls.
Doo doo doo da girls.
Doo doo doo da girls.
Do they want to have one?
Radio!
Radio!
Radio!
Radio!
Radio!
Radio!
Sire, there is no more money!
We gotta get some money!
I mean this, when this show ends, if you haven't helped, the stuff, the stuff, the stuff is going to be gone!

station what you know as reality is going to come to a crashing halt see what i mean
well you gonna pledge don't pledge all you gotta do is call the station but now you're sitting on
your butt you're probably not gonna vote either are you yeah oh that's too much trouble and
a plancher if i don't have a car or a job and i i'm alienated man quit sitting around whining uh
i mean make your mark stand up and be counted the vote for the least of three eviles
the worship at the church of your choice send this station your money i mean
we don't care who you vote for clinton well we do but we won't tell you who
won't we won't tell you who to vote for bush and perot hate you now which do you want your
friends i mean you this is your time to make a choice uh you can have the nice powerful shadow
government that can do anything it wants for its own country club buddies without telling you and
at your expense or you can have some commie who's so treasonous and un-american that he
smoked pot and slept around and was against the vietnam war or you can have a raving lunatic

you know really he's the classic rogue unsaved subgenius but he's still just crazy as a tree full
of fish friends come on now well
i bet you bush wins i bet he does that's my prediction george bush is going to win why because you because you're too tragically hip
to to actually go out and vote or pledge you're too hip to pledge oh no man
i'm just going to i don't have a conscience it doesn't matter bleeding heart bad invulnerable
heart good i'm just so cool now friends if clinton gets elected and takes away all our
guns and makes them teach communism and drugs and homosexuality in the schools along with witchcraft
and forced pregnancy-abortion combinations every nine months and evolution,
well, I'll be real surprised, actually,
because I don't think you'll really see much of a change at all.
And that's the sad thing, my friends.
The conspiracy is so much bigger than the Republicans or the Democrats
because they're all just a bunch of normals,
and they'll do anything to pass the buck
after taking as much of that buck as they possibly can.
And it ain't going to change.
No, sir, not in our lifetime.
Ain't going to change a bit.
You know, they're all out to do it to you.
Every one of them.
The other day I had to spend all day long
dealing with a loss.
A lawsuit.
Evidence of somebody stealing Bob's name
to put on their record album
so that it would sell better
because they didn't really have their own name.
And so instead of working on our new book,
I had to go deal with the trademark infringement evidence.
Ironic that we'd be suing somebody for copyright infringement, I know,
but this was extreme.
I mean, this isn't like what we do.
This is more like what?
They do.
Your friends like what you're doing to us,
sitting here listening, going,
I ain't going to pay no money to get in the way.
I ain't going to vote for you.
You're only stupid, stupid, stupid.
Well, now, I know from the best of your views.
Yeah, friends, because the same day I had to deal with that lawsuit,
I was in the post office sending out truth,
and I dropped my checkbook,
the Subgenius Foundation checkbook.
And after waiting in line for half an hour,
I realized that I dropped the checkbook,
and I ran back out looking for it,
while there was a man in the lobby holding the checkbook.
And he looked at me and said,
is this yours?
And I said, yeah.
And he handed it to me, and he said,
could you give me some money for returning your checkbook?
And friend, I looked at him,
and a sort of a grin of stupefaction,
and I knew just what to do.
I pulled out my wallet.
He wanted to know,
he wanted a reward for returning my lost object.
So I pulled out my wallet,
and I offered him everything I had in there,
which was one dollar.
He took my last dollar.
They all want a piece of you, friends.
A vote is not a piece of you.
It's taking a piece out of the other one.
See, not voting does not show the system
that you refuse to be a part of it.
Same with not pledging.
They'll just assume that you're too stupid,
to fight it.
And they'll be absolutely right.
And if you don't vote and pledge to your radio station
that plays the hour of slack,
your Reverend Stang is going to be ashamed of you.
I'm ashamed.
I'm going to tell Bob on you.
I'm going to tell Bob on you.
You can all pledge five bucks.
Every one of you can pledge five bucks.
If you've got enough brains to appreciate this show,
then five bucks should be no problem.
Only laziness could explain your not sending five bucks.
And though I dearly love slack,
I detest laziness.
They are not the same thing.
Slack and laziness aren't.
Do not let your butt rot.
Get off of it.
Call, pledge, vote, send in the money.
In that order.
Call, pledge, vote, send in the money.
Call, pledge, vote, send in the money.
In that order.
What you believe tonight is the single most important separate issue of this press.
Where the people are more or less treated as objects to be programmed during the campaign
with commercials and media sollution, and fear messages, and personal attacks, and things of that nature.
Anything goes.
We can ask anything.
Anything goes. Anything goes. We can ask anything.
This issue is an issue that divides Americans deeply.
I'll talk about that a little bit later, but the changes are mind-goggling.
There will be a giant sucking sound going south.
There will be a giant sucking sound going south.
How long can we continue with trickle-down economics?
Change for change's sake.
Change for change's sake.
Change for change's sake isn't enough.
You'll have a shot at me in four years and you can vote me right out if you think I've done a lousy job.
You'll have a shot at me in four years and you can vote me right out if you think I've done a lousy job.
And I would welcome you to do that.
I've been in the Senate.
I would have voted with the majority if it was a close vote.
But I agreed with the arguments of the minority.
You know, my wife Hillary gave me a book about a year ago in which the author defined insanity as just doing the same old thing over and over again.
I got a, I'm a little confused here because I'm a little confused.
I got a, I'm a little confused here because I got a, I'm a little confused here because I'm a little confused here because I don't see how I got a, I'm a little confused.
And I'm getting tired of it.
Don't like swimming over the super-dry.
Got to keep on swimming cause I don't want to die.
Who dealt this mess anyway?
Yeah, that's an old park player's turn.
Sometimes you can use your switcheroo and it can be applied to frontal politics.
What I mean is, who was it that set up a system, supposedly a democratic system where you end up always voting for the lesser of two evils?
I mean, was George Washington the lesser of two evils?
No.
Michael Godlewitz is saying that yesterday at bite-sized
On camera knowl
dislocated
Paracetamol
The country is coming apart at the seams.
Who am I? Why am I here?
You need to have a president you can trust.
Who am I? Bill Clinton.
Let the president have a shot at it. Let the president have a shot at it.
I don't have any experience in creating the worst public school system in the industrialized world,
the most violent crime-ridden society in the industrialized world.
You have to question my patriotism.
You even right went into the White House to go into Russia in 69.
Went over for American's debt. I honor your score too.
Honor Mr. Uniform and whoever saw pro-crow.
Beeson is supporting.
But when Junk went around this attack patriotism, wrong. Wrong. Wrong.
You're from Connecticut named Bush.
You've right to stand party to attack my trade.
I was a poor but I'm country.
President who bring the heather.
Now we had enough.
Who am I? Why am I here?
The amount of time the candidate could spend in his country
in a campaign trashing their opponent's character and their programs is depressingly large.
We'll be on again Saturday night 8 to 9 o'clock on ABC.
Okay, okay.
Family.
I've been there, Al.
Job.
I've been vice president.
Senator Gore.
We've been to the Congress together.
I've done the job as president.
President, you never...
What's your role from time to time?
And let me just where I am.
President Bush to Malta.
I had to meet with the president.
Meeting between the president and Gore.
The chopper.
I've been there before.
Broke out of the gun.
The situation resembled the present.
I know. I made the president.
The president...
The coup was...
Decontented him.
The situation ended.
Been there.
Come in and put yourself up a chair.
You're in the White House basement.
Come down the stairs.
Lieutenant Colonel Northe's doing fine.
He cordially invites you to go whack...
At Ollie's Playhouse.
First meeting with Rear Admiral Poindexter.
Examining long and short-term risk factors.
Vice President Bush drops by.
Elliot Abrams gets a deny.
Ever been...
At Ollie's Playhouse.
The Amarunder never told Poindexter to sell Hawks to Iran.
Gomez got withdrawal symptoms.
At a bank in Switzerland.
Hasim Busk got home for Christmas.
Woo-hoo!
Spokesman speaks.
Says bye-bye.
And me says when we get the dough, it won't remove us, you know.
Because it came from the ayatollah.
Reagan's in bed.
He's always napping.
But even when he gets up, anything can happen.
They're gonna take out Case's brain.
Give Casper and Schultz ya pain.
It'll be cuckoo.
It'll be wacky.
He'll be covert.
At Ollie's Playhouse.
I'd like to create more millionaires than were created under Mr. Bush and Mr. Reagan.
I'd like to create more millionaires than were created under Mr. Bush and Mr. Reagan.
I'd like to create more millionaires than were created under Mr. Bush and Mr. Reagan.
I'd like to create more millionaires the old fashioned way.
I'd like to create more millionaires the old fashioned way.
They're so heavy they give you, you know, back and, broken back.
He would target America.
Target America.
Target America.

Target America.
Well I want you to know that we really appreciate that.
Expanding jobs, growing expanding base.
Right now, a flattened job base and where it's going, it's minimum wage.
To really up base, that's going to structure an investor, a foreign competitor.
We're not.
We're not.
We're not.
trillion dollars budget and have the streets of the future up in this country. The revenue
go through a period of suffice. It's got to be fair. We've created and have much to show
and we have all I can say. I'm not going to sit there and be a punching bag. I'm not going to
sit there and be a punching bag. I'm not going to sit there and be a punching bag. How much longer
will it take, Dan, for trickle-down economics to work in your theory? Well, we're going to have
plenty of time to talk about trickle-down government. Well, I'd like to hear the answer.
But the question is, the question is, which you have failed to address, and that is, why is Bill
Clinton qualified to be president of the United States? You've talked about Jim. You've talked
about Jim Baker. You've talked about trickle-down economics. You've talked about the worst economy
in 50 years. I'll be happy to answer those questions. I'll be happy. I'll be happy. I want
to go back and make a point. Well, you've asked my question. I have an answer. I have an answer.
I will answer.
What's come over our great land? America is still my home, sweet home.
But where have all our heroes gone?
You have not told us why Bill Clinton is qualified.
I'm the president of the United States. I pointed out what he said about the Persian Gulf War.
Let me repeat it for you. Here's what he said, Senator. You know full well what he said.
Do you want me to answer your question?
I'm making a statement that he can answer.
All right. Can we give Admiral Stockdale a chance to speak?
I think, but he said, Al, here's what he said. If the vote, I mean, this is the Persian Gulf War,
the most important event in his political lifetime. Here's what Bill Clinton said.
If it's a close vote, I'd vote with the majority. If it's a close vote, I'd vote with the minority.
That qualifies you to be president of the United States.
Let's give Admiral Stockdale a chance.
Let's give Admiral Stockdale a chance.
Let's give Admiral Stockdale a chance.
Let's give Admiral Stockdale a chance.
I saw a group of boys the other day
standing in the corner
of the United States
of a playground, looking and laughing at a magazine.
And I overheard one of the boys say, man, is he ever cool.
And he pointed to the man whose picture was on the magazine cover.
And everybody kind of said under their breath, yeah, he's cool, all right.
And I got sick to my stomach because I'd seen the cover.
And the man that they were talking about had instigated a riot in one of our major cities
last summer. And the magazine was writing about how the police were unkind to him.
The judges were unfair with him and how he talked back and slung his long hair about and cussed and did his thing.
And they made him into a regular hero.
And inside this magazine was the story of the baseball player who got involved with the gamblers, of the football player who said that football was not the end, just a means to an end, meaning the girls and the good times, and a story of the folk singer who proudly claims to be both a member of a party alien to our government and a member of the government.

non-tax-paying citizen. These young boys read with open eyes and open minds. And I thought to myself,
my God, are these the people that these young boys look up to? Are these their idols? Are these the
heroes of the now generation? Come on in, boys. Let's see what you got here. Nothing, nothing can
stop us. He doesn't like trickle-down government. And what I don't like is trickle-down government.
And therein, I think Governor Clinton keeps talking about trickle-down, trickle-down,
and what I don't like is trickle-down government. At least you'll understand that I think that's
fundamental in our country, which you know what you're getting into. The word pain, the word pain,
the word pain. Men's suffering, Jim. There have been suffering, Jim. It's irrelevant. It's irrelevant.
Why is that a mistake? It's irrelevant.
I think it is highly irrelevant. It's irrelevant. It's irrelevant. It's irrelevant. It's irrelevant.
He has to do it. I think we've been fighting for day one. Price is time. The misery index,
and all you hear about is how bad things are. Are you better off? Are you better off? Remember the
question, are you better off? Are you better off? Everybody now knows the terrible price they're
paying by waiting until it's obvious to the brain dead that they have problems. I don't have any
criticism of Mr. Farrow. I've never heard.
Governor Clinton make a mistake. So my argument is not with Rose Farrell. It is more with Governor
Clinton. Everybody's nibbling around the edges. Let's go to the center of the bullseye of the
core problem. I'd rather, if you gave me two bad choices, I'd rather have people representing
foreign countries working on their campaigns. That's the American way. It's the American way.
That's the American way. It's the American way. That's the American way.
Oh, friends, where have all the, where have all the pledgers gone? Oh, I just don't know what
happened. I just don't know what happened to the subgeniuses of America. I know what, which ones do
count. That's the ones who pledged tonight, and the ones who will pledge next week, because we're
going to have to do it again.
Friends, I am going to give you the, why, the credits, what you've been listening to tonight.
That very last thing, the collage of the debates called Master Debaters by Dad's New Slacks.
The folks in Portland, Maine, who played the hour of slack there, thanks, Dad.
There are quite a few little clips. Thanks to Reverend Susie the Floozy in Atlanta,
gave us a lot of those clips. A lot of clips came from the Lookout Miami media barrage. We still
don't know who did Lookout Miami. Oh, gosh, back from the beginning, while we heard Jimi Hendrix,
Ed Sanders doing some of those political songs, the Fugs, that is, the Yeasty Girls,
the Princess We Are Doe and Sister Mary Squared show, a little bit of barrage from Dr. Legume,
friends, and quite a bit of cuts from WCSB radio in Cleveland, where I was a guest on Lonesome Cowboy Dave's show.
Well, oh, and Ollie's Playhouse, the song Ollie's Playhouse was by Eugene Chadbourne,
and the amazing George Bush Farewell was by Joe,
Paulino, and Mr. Tokard. Friends, you've been listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour
of Slack. For more information on Church at the Subgenius, all you got to do is drop a line to
Bob. By the way, Emily, Tevis says hi, if I doubt if you're still listening at this point.
Write to Bob at Post Office Box 181413.
117 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Just drop us a line and see what normally goes on in this normal, normal show.
Ah, yeah.
Please.
In his case, that's the American way. It's the American way.
I was opposed to the war.
I was with the minority, but I guess I would have voted with the majority.
Could I do it? Yes, I could.
Okay.
Could I do it? Yes, I could.
Could I do it? Yes, I could.
Could I do it? Yes, I could.
We told him he could take the northern part of Kuwait, and when he took the whole thing, we went nuts.
That is absolutely absurd. That is absolutely absurd.
You violated the rule. You're ruled. You violated the rule. You're ruled. You violated the rule. You're ruled.
That's what I'll do as president.
Which I consider absolutely sick operation.
Whose country is this? Whose country is this? It's a mistake.
It was a remarkable event.
We did try to bring Saddam Hussein.
Saddam Hussein. Saddam Hussein. Saddam Hussein. Saddam Hussein. Saddam Hussein.
We did try to bring Saddam Hussein into the family of nations.
And what you're seeing on all this Iraq-gate is a bunch of people who were wrong on the war.
Iraq-gate.
Ladies and gentlemen, directly from the Oasis Lounge in the Sands Hotel, here he is, Saddam Hussein-ger-field.
Oh, thanks, Johnny.
Oh, I'll tell you, I was okay last night.
I was okay last month.
But now I'm in bad shape.
Oh, I tell you, I keep trying to move a missile launcher and it gets blown to bits.
I tried to move my tanks and it got blown to bits.
Oh, man, I'm afraid to move my bowels.
Oh.
Then I said to my wife, Mrs. Hussein, I said, hey, Debbie, what do I got to do to get a rise out of that bush?
She said, buy me some flowers once in a while.
Oh, it's like my doctor.
You know my doctor, Vinny Al-Assad-Boombatz?
Oh, I said, doc, hey, my missiles keep misfiring and I can't hit the target.
He said, buy Debbie some flowers once in a while.
Oh, I don't get no respect at all.
Hey, hey, where's my Air Force?
Come on, guys.
Hey, I got to go change the oil in the Gulf.
Oh, America.
Oh, thanks a lot.
Hey, give me a break.
Come on, call that Ollie guy.
What's his name?
Oh, I said to my son, Bud, I said, what are you going to do after the war?
He said, I'm going to Disney World.
Oh, God, that America.
Those guys don't give me no respect.
I mean, they keep bombing me.
And all I can do is bomb up here.
Oh, I'm in bad shape.
Iraq, great.
Come on, that's not leadership.
George Bush continues to watch Bill Clinton's back in his troubled reelection race.
And now behind him, Ross Perot's footsteps are getting louder.
Jim Mikloszewski joins us now from the White House.
Good morning, Jim.
Good morning, Sarah.
The Bush campaign has been a big issue.
Presidential debates, anti-TV campaigns, there's been some movement in the polls.
Unfortunately for the president, they're headed in the wrong direction.
America is still my home.
We all belong.
But where have all our heroes gone?
I had heroes when I was a kid.
We all did.
And our heroes did their thing, too.
Like General Douglas MacArthur, who returned like he said he would.
Like Gene Autry and Roy Rogers, who chased the bad guys right off the screen.
Like Glenn Berg, who flew the ocean.
And Jesse Owens, who showed Hitler.
And John Wayne and Gary Cooper.
After all, didn't they really win the war?
And General Ike, bless your soul, because you made us feel safe.
We've killed some of our recent heroes, the Kennedys and Kings.
And even as great as their space feats are, how many of the astronauts can you name?
Huh?
How many?
My heroes were people like you.
People like Joe DiMaggio, who proved that nice guys can finish first.
And Stan Musial, who never had an unkind word for anybody.
And Winston Churchill, whose two fingers raised together meant victory.
Not just to let your enemy have it all, kind of artificial peace.
This country needs a lot of things today, friends.
But it doesn't need any one thing any more than it needs some real heroes.
Men who know what it means to be looked up to by a grimy-faced kid.
Men who want to sign autographed books and not deals under the table.
Men who are willing to play the game with the people who made them heroes.
Men who don't mind putting on a white hat and saying thank you and please.
I wish I knew more men that I'd be proud for my son to look up to and say,
Daddy, when I grow up, I want to be just like him.
We'll have all our heroes.
Heroes.
