4, 3, 2, 1.
1.
God is eating itself.
And we're the digestive enzymes.
We're here to taste.
Lick up, lick up, lick up, lick up.
That which is spilled before us.
Nothing more.
Just to turn one molecule into another.
Air to warmer air.
Switch some bonds around.
God is eating itself.
And we are merely one of many enzymes.
Yes.
We work through shit.
We work through trees.
We work through urine.
And oh my lord, we work through peas.
We breathe it in.
We breathe it out.
There you go.
God is eating itself.
And we are the digestive enzymes or the



Here we go.
Well...
Oh, is this off?
X-Day, brought to you by cigarettes.
Yay!
Get used to it.
X-Day, brought to you by madness.
Get used to it.
I'm not mad. I'm just disappointed.
Why?
Well, just taking on that typical mad scientist role.
I'm not a mad scientist.
I'm, you know, mildly frustrated.
Things could be, you know...
Eh.
We could use much more eh.
And more madness.
X-Day 19. Eh.
Buy your t-shirts now!
I'll sign them for you.
For $20.
Is everybody having fun looking at their phones?
You're missing out.
All the funds on the phone.
On our interactive web stream.
Download now, immediately.
Subscribe to our live feed.
Baby Bear broke it.
I didn't do anything!
It's Baby Bear.
I know that shrill.
What was that, Baby Bear?
What?
What did you say?
I didn't do anything.
She didn't break it.
Yeah, right.
I fixed it!
Yeah, right.
That's what happened.
I believe her.
X-Day, brought to you by internet.
Don't you put the dumb thing here.
Here, make fun of me.
Which dumb thing are you referring to?













All of this!
All of this!
How many subgeniuses does it take to light a cigarette?
Fill out your answer on your web form.
And vote for the best one.
To vote for Princess Wee, dial 1-800-411-321-1010-320.
Enter code 4479.
Charges will apply.
I'm terrified.
I'm terrified.


I'm basing the entire subgenius text messaging system out of the Philippines.
So we're making all the money on the text messages going back out.
It's going to be great.
Wow.
Yes, dear friends.
And you guessed right.
We're finally playing some of this stuff recorded at 19X Day.
Last July.
When the world again failed to end.
But we did have a great party.
And I've got some, actually some randomly selected clips.
I haven't even really begun to tear into the, there's two video cameras, two audio recorders worth of everything.
And among all that stuff, there's some great things.
The first thing we heard tonight, that was Reverend Nugget ranting.
Yes.
Monday night at Caffeina's.
When the guitar work was by Reverend, well, Angry Lord Larry and Reverend Rock God.
Or maybe he's Lord Rock God.
They're all lords nowadays.
We heard a little bit of, oh, spouting around there with Reverend Fox, spelled F-A-U-X.
And Princess Wee and Baby Bear and Fidjuli and a bunch of those people from the Thorazine Urine Pod Crust.
There will be more of that in weeks and hours to come.
But now, well, our friend St. Andrew the Impaled, who has written and performed so many great songs at X Day, has a singing partner now.
The beautiful Reverend Amy M. Hum.
And here they are together.
Like I said, I wrote a bunch of songs, including this one.
It's called Half of the Beer.
Half of the Beer.
Oh, is that what we're doing?
Yeah, you want to do Half of the Beer?
Yeah, I mean.
Oh, no, we should do the other one first.
No, it's okay.
We can do, yeah, let's do Half of the Beer.
Okay.
The other one requires you to play the ukulele.
It's okay.
It's fine.
All right.
I don't mean to bring you down, but I hate you.
And I can't live without you.
I can't live with you one more minute.
You cause nothing but strife since I made you my wife.
It's my life and I don't want you in it.
Don't think I'm at all put out.
Cause you're stupid.
And you can't even hold down a job.
Thought I was getting a man when I gave you a kiss.
I gave you my ham instead.
All I got was robbed.
Well, go on, get your things and go.
Just leave me half of the beer.
Then get your ass up out of here.
And oh, take the cat.
The cat?
I thought you liked the cat.
No.
No?
No.



Then why do we have a cat?
Fuck.
I'm really not quite sure why you'd think I'd be leaving.
After all, this is my place too.
Though I somewhat agree that someone has to leave.
That someone I believe should be you.
If you think I leave my place.



Then you're crazy.
Just look how my fingers are worn.
I did all this work while some lazy jerk just sat around all day watching porn.
So go on get your things and go.
Just leave me half of the beer.
Then get your ass up out of here.
Oh, that was really nice.
I mean, that was a really nice harmony.
Well, thank you.
I mean, you sing the notes right, so it makes it easy.
I still recall the day you first snookered me.
You got me with that lovely voice.
And for some reason you seemed like the girl of my dreams.
And really, I had no choice.
Well, it wasn't that easy for me.
Cause you write songs.
The kind that get stuck in your head.
And it might seem absurd.
But the way you write words was enough to get me in your bed.
We both know we've been through months.
And it seems a mistake to waste it all.
Sometimes I miss your touch.
We were good at such.
If you recall, do you think that we could?
No, I don't think we should.
But it was epic.
Till it grew.
Grew septic.
I got bored.
And you often snore.
Wait, what?
I don't snore.
Oh, you snore.
Yeah.
So go on, get your things and go.
Just leave me half of the beer.
Then get your ass up out of here.
Cause this shit is done.
Yeah, go on, get your things and go.
Just leave me half of the beer.
Then get your ass up out of here.
Cause you are no fun.
Yeah, go on, get your things and go.
Just leave me half of the beer.
Then get your ass up out of here.
I'm seeing someone.
Wait, what?
Yeah, it's Bob, what the?
Uh.
Hey, you wanna trade mic so you can play the mic on that?
What?
Get under there already but I can'tester.

This is a mufti rock in Hawaii.
Oh, Blaine, is Biraz de Raya shining?





Always cold to look at you woe was fit the fuck out of fashion.

I like it because now I have the voice part.

Now this is me but I got suffers on my Monday.
Discord.
Discord.
your hand is not in the air.
Put your hand in the air.
Put your hand in the air.
And put your hand in the air.
Now on your hand, you will notice that you have some extremities.
I have five.
You may have a different number than me.
But let's see what happens when I take this one away.
That's how many nights I will have spent at X Day.
If I take one more away,
I have the amount of times I took a trip into town for supplies for X Day.
If I take one more away,
I have the amount of times I smoked out of a froth pipe covered with habanero pepper juice.
Yes!
And if I take more away
this number is also
the amount of times
I have seriously injured myself while at X day
with this gaping leg–vagina
and the burn on my hand.
TMительно
Not to mention the stress and pain for the last two days of sleeping on the cold hard
ground.
Kind of gets to you.
But if I take one more away.
This is how many.
This is exactly how many.
How many.
How many.
How many.
Right here is the amount of days until the end of the world.
I can count to this many.
And that's as high as I need to go.
I'm not just your average squeaky voice.
Shit faced.
Mother fucker.
From a buckle underneath the Bible belt.
No, it's not easy living on America's Wang.
It's not easy being on the sun spot.
On the dick of the country that the entire world knows is constantly waving around.
It's not easy dealing with hundreds of dicks all over the place.
110 degree heat with 5,000 percent humidity
It's not worth the pain and isolation of suffering at the hands of the conspiracy
But that's okay
Because it's just this many days until the end of the world
I
Registration is still open if you have not yet paid
And if you have paid
Pay again
It's worth it. I really
love
It you get a genuine feeling at the bottom of your heart every time you open up your wallet for Bob
Give until it hurts
Give until it really hurts
Give until you have only one thing left to give
And then get that too
Tonight
ismus
What's happening
apter
In speech
In a time of panic
Reverend Dr. Lord of Anger, Larence, has misplaced a mystical elixir which imbibes him with the
power to remove the souls from people who have not yet paid $35.
Dr. Hal has a notebook which contains the names of people that will not survive X-Day.
Ferg has a bag of froth.
That's gonna make it past X-Day.
Spike!
Well, he ran out of the whippets, but you could have had him anyway!
And Baby Bear,
you and that
family,
you and that fellow there,
with your beautiful complexion,
and I'm jealous of your hair,
and your gauges are bigger than mine,
and that makes me feel inadequate.
At least I know that I'm not the one that has to go home with the girl that I made cry when I raped Bob.
Sorry about that.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
About saying rape,
not about raping Bob,
but by saying rape,
because that is ten times actually worse.
It's actually worse.
It's actually worse.
Down in the medicine fish hole.
in the medicine fish hole, down in the medicine fish hole, we were down in the medicine fish
Well, you may wonder what the Medicine Fish Hole is, and you'd wonder even more if you
were down in the Medicine Fish Hole because, well, it's full of medicine.
And fish!
The Medicine Fish Hole!
Down in the Medicine Fish Hole!
You see, there's this hole behind the couch where Medicine Mom keeps the medicine.
And when the good bad Sandy or the good bad Tavis or any good bad kid is bad or good and
gets hurt or sick, they go down in the medicine fish hole.

Down in the medicine fish hole.
Down in the medicine fish hole.
And see, like I said, there's medicine in there, but there's also fish because even
though it's behind the couch, there's this, at some point there must have been blood because
there's a barbed wire fence that's, you know, it's a barbed wire fence.

And it's got, I guess, got washed down the creek, slammed into this big rock, and somehow
got folded into kind of a fish trap.
It's like a barrel made of barbed wire that somehow got accidentally formed from a broken
piece of fin.
It's been stuck up against that rock for, I don't know how long.
And it tends to trap fish.
It's full of fish and medicine.
That's where the medicine mom puts the medicine.
And I know some of you take medicine.
I know that happens.
I know that you, somebody out there, you have been down in the medicine fish hole.
Down in the medicine fish hole.
So yeah, you don't know what's going to happen in the medicine fish hole.
There's going to be medicine.
There might be side effects.
It's probably going to be good medicine, but you've got to be careful.
You know, sometimes the cure is worse than the disease.
No telling what's going to happen down in that hole.
Did you go down?
In the medicine fish hole?
Now did you?
I know some people went down there tonight.
Oh yes.
You can't fool me, kids.
I know the how it, because I can smell the fish.
It's kind of stinky down in the medicine fish hole.
But it is, after all, the medicine fish hole.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

We need to get him out first, all right!
They are going to be able to get you out of here, when you come down it's going


We want to make sure you will, some medicine has to have some prison canceled
or then you will be released by force.
And there we go.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Yes, dear friends, that was a wonderful Wotan jam, you might say,
there that we just heard with the kazoos,
the beautiful kazoo duet by Reverend Anna Maul
and Reverend A.P. O'Stacey.
There were other people involved there,
I think Dr. Shoggoth and Reverend...
Reverend Hazel of the Windmills on different guitars
or electric ukulele in one case.
They were also playing on the Medicine Fish Hole Wotan song there.
Keyboards we have heard and will hear in the background
came from Doc Cosmack.
And bass playing was at different times
by Reverend Bover or Reverend Pease
or Reverend Fowler.
Or Reverend Sinfaltimus Ex Mortis,
who I think was playing on that rant.
He and Angry Larry and Lord Rockstar
were playing on that rant that Reverend Fox did
about his visit to Ex Day.
Did I mention Fid Chooley was on drums a lot of the time?
People just rotated all over the place.
Almost every night we had jamming,
either at...
at the stage, main stage,
which was kind of outdoors,
or when we thought it was going to rain in Caffeinas,
which is kind of indoors.
Now, our friend called a minute ago, Princess Wee.
Yes.
And then he gave up.
Oh, no.
Because he called five minutes too early.
No.
So...
Dave.
Here.
I shall call him.
You know, you shan't,
because you don't have your phone.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah, right.
So, here, you can use my phone,
which has a special...
Praise Reverend Stang's phone.
Here, let's just listen to some music.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Why would he even bother with a song like that?
Who cares?
It's a terrible song, man.
Why would he even do that?
I do kind of know that this will not be on the radio.
Obviously.
Oh, except for maybe the XXX version.
We do those kind of shows, but you don't hear them on the broadcast show stations.
This is Lord Angry Larry or Angry Lord Reverend Larry or something.
And Lord Reverend Rock God, son of Sinfaltimus.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
I think all the music that we'll be hearing in the background tonight is from X-Day.
And this is from Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Yes, the old nasal God humper.
The old nasal God humper.
Not the only one, mind you.
No.
No.
There was a rant earlier tonight about a God.
I thought that I intuited that on the airwaves.
God eats.
Yes.
Yes.
God eats or God hates us.
No, I don't think he hates us.
Actually, I think he just sort of sits back and watches the show.
I think he kick-started the whole thing and then just sat back and went, oh, God, look at this.
Yeah.
Self-referential.
Wasn't it something like God is eating himself and we're the digestive enzymes or something?
That's right.
That's right.
There was Reverend Nugget's rant.
It's exciting to relive parts of X-Day.
Oh, it is.
It is.
Often they sound better to my deafened ears in the headphones than they did in real life.
Although there were several times when I was the only person who could really hear what was going on because I had the headphones.
We had an equipment breakdown on the very last night and I could record vocals, but they weren't amplified.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, ho.
Those were some of the best ones.
So, yeah, Dave, I'm glad I didn't pick up the phone when you first called because that wasn't you.
Yeah, that's a good thing because I wasn't on the phone there because it was too early.
Because even though I am slightly misshapen, did you know that God believes that we're like the geese that they make patated foie gras out of?
And that's why they shove our pancreas full of stones.
No.
And then that way God can eat us like the way French people eat patated foie gras.
Now, I'm not saying this is a legitimate answer to any question that you might have posed in the future or the past.
Because I know that you're, you know, into time control.
The church is so geese, you think, oh, time control.
Well, we're big on talking about it.
Yeah.
We talk a big time control, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, sure.
You talk a good game.
You talk a good game.
Speaking of talking a good game, we got a letter from a prisoner this week who had mentioned that, well, we get a lot of letters from prisoners that have no money in them.
And they heard we were, you know, good marks to hit up or something.
I don't know.
But this particular prisoner in Texas has been listening to Hour of Slack on his iPad.
That's his iPad.
A relative gave it.
It's his only way of reaching the outside world.
And he mentioned in his letter, he said, no offense, but my favorite part of Hour of Slack is Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And that's the second such letter I've gotten.
Unsolicited.
Unless it's really that Dave controls the media.
That would explain it.
Dave probably controls the media.
That's why they only say nice things about him.
Well, you know, I am Fortagonian, and they say that the Fortagonians control.
The media with their eyelids.
Right.
And that's why I was a foreskin myself.
Well, the way I look at it.
They're all different body parts.
You know, you have to know how to control each body part perfectly well to get the polystyrene action going that way.
And then you go, it's like tentacles.
Like, you ever see the movie The Godfather?
The logo for, like, the puppet hands and stuff?
Oh, no.
The logo for the puppet hands?
Well, no.
The puppet hand logo.
It's like.
The movie The Godfather.
Oh, right.
The poster.
Yeah.
Yeah, the poster.
And it has, like, you know, puppets.
Not puppet hands.
Strings.
Puppet strings.
How could I get confused between puppets and between strings and hands?
Because everybody knows that these mandibles we use are not strings.
I'm sorry.
But, yes, that's how we control minds.
Well, I figure if they control all of the media, then they must be pretty smart and probably should be world overlord.
If they, you know, if they're that swuffed that they can control everything in the media, except, of course, there's some uncontrollables like Rush, I guess.
But nobody's really paying much attention to him anymore.
Because you just turn on the TV and you've got crazy guys screaming at you any time.
Not just him.
Lots of them.
Yeah, lots of them.
I've noticed that, too.
Like, you just.
I used to just go.
Go take the dial and just swing it from left all the way to right.
And you'd hear, like, there would be a little breakup from the middle of the sentence.
And you'd go to another channel, another station, and there would be the same amount of garbage and the same type of garbage flowing from that entity.
And it was just incredible how unfree.
Unfree.
Yes, that's right, friends.
I said it out loud in dirty language.
Unfree.
Our First Amendment.
Yes.
Why?
But what's so amazing about the fact that the liberals completely and utterly control the media is that the people who learn that get that news from the media.
And usually not exactly liberal slanted talk shows, either.
So there's certain contradictions in here that cause a pain between my ears.
It is a bit of a conundrum.
Yes.
Can I tell you a short, I'll try and be as brief as I can, story about this controlling the liberal media?
Take off your briefs and whip it out.
Okay, baby.
Daddy-o.
Well, this right-wing talk show host had a lady on her.
Apparently, they didn't screen her very well.
She was a professor of Indiana University in Pennsylvania.
There is such a place and such a university.
It's not the university of, I don't know.
It's the one where you know it's from.
Pennsylvania, Indiana, Pennsylvania and not Indiana.
Anyway, he got her on and he wanted to know about, well, we heard that the liberal media controls her, that the liberal is liberal and stuff like that.
And apparently what she did was she took a study of thousands of regular network TV shows and examined encapsulation and shots.
As you know, if you shoot somebody from above, it creates a problem.


It's a certain thing in the listener.
If you shoot somebody from under, that creates another ethos.
Right, sure.
And she went to NBC and CBS and ABC and they're all shooting to make liberals look bad.
And the guy was freaking out because she had all the stacks and the stats with her.
And he was flipping because he didn't want to accept the fact that the opposite was true, that all the media, which is owned by very, very wealthy people.
I guess people don't understand that either.
Except for this one right here, which we're doing pretty good, I understand, but we're not wealthy.
I mean, we're kind of.
Well, I think you can hear this college radio station at least for four miles radius.
Something like that.
Yeah, we can hear it from four miles away.
Well, then there's the Internet and 25 people can listen on the Internet.
So there you go.
But this actually is not necessarily a liberal control.
It's not a controlled station.
It's at a state university.
It is an ignored station for the most part by the university, thankfully.
Yeah.
It's not an ignoramus station by any means.
But, yeah, most of your media is actually driven more by advertising needs than anything else.
Yeah.
They can make a lot of money.
They can make a lot of money off of people who are sitting around in their seedy apartment,
hating all those retired or permanently unemployed people that got nothing better to do than listen to the talk radio
or watch the talkers on TV and the walkers on TV.
Pretty soon they become walkers.
Walkers for Trump.
That was my Halloween costume at last Christmas.
Did you know that?
Yeah.
Didn't walkers for Trump?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I made a sign that said walkers for Trump.
And then I got a zombie mask so I'd look like one of those walkers in The Walking Dead show.
And I found a walker that old people use to help them limp.
And I taped the sign walkers for Trump to that.
And then I had my zombie mask on.
That's what I did at X Day and Star Wars.
Yes.
It was X Day and Star Wars.
It was X Day and Star Wars.
Not Christmas, which is what you said the first time.
Well, I liked it that way.
I liked it that way, too.
You just like to dangle the little Christmas balls from your tree.
I like balls.
Little Christmas balls.
Little shiny balls.
Cheery little Christmas balls.
Dangling from the tree and tinkling.
There's always tinkle.
In fact, the balls smell slightly of tinkle, too.
Isn't that fun?
It's tinkle, tinkle balls.
It's a good thing you don't have to lecture tomorrow.
It's a state university of you know what.
You know what I do have to do?
I have to go get hearing aids tomorrow.
Hearing aids?
So is Princess We.
We're both going in and getting hearing aids.
Jase, we're going to see if it is appropriate for us to be wearing the machine in our ears.
They're very, very, they're made to look invisible lately.
Well, I don't care how they look.
I just care how they sound.
Princess We and I are hoping to find out what it is.
We've been arguing about all these years.
Because we don't really hear what each other is saying.
Just crabbing away.
We're about equal.
It's sad.
She has to, when we go for walks, she has to be on my left.
Because that's the only side of my head where the ears work.
Well, it's good.
It's a good thing you've got two or three, four ears on the left side of your head.
Right.
Because the ones on the right side don't work at all.
And there you have, like, what, 20 of them just hanging there.
Right.
And not one of them works.
They're all deep.
I honest to God, I thought it was the headphones.
I thought that all the headphones in the station and at my house just all had a really weak right channel.
So I could tell by the VU meters that they were the same volume.
But they obviously weren't sounding that way.
They had to have been broken.
Why was that ear so quiet?
Have you ever tried sucking all the wax out of it and perhaps maybe giving it to the poor people?
Yeah, I tried the wax candling, you know, because those create such intense suction.
And it actually sucks the ear wax out of your head.
That's believable, right?
So I was told, yeah.
Have you ever tried one?
Have you ever done the ear candling?
No, it cost too much money.
But I went out there to the place, to a health food store that claimed they did it.
And then she said how much it was going to cost.
And I went, oh.
OK.
Well, you know, you can buy the candle for a dollar.
And the way it works is you hold it up to your ear and light the end of it.
And by golly, there's some wax at the bottom of that melting wax-covered paper.
And that must have come out of your ear because the great suction that a giant cone makes when a little fire is burning on one end.
And the funny thing is when there's no ear there, it sucks ear wax out of the ghosts and spirits.
That's how you know it works because it does the same thing whether there's an ear next to it or not.
There's still a little ear wax there.
You can just see it.
Oh, well, then I'm glad I didn't go back to the bank and get a bunch of money.
Yeah, if you believe in ear candling, then I say vote for Trump.
They go hand in hand.
And don't let your kids ever be vaccinated because, frankly, we don't want your kids voting either 20 years from now.
If that's even allowed.
And that's true, too.
That is true.
That's the last thing we'd like to see because we would be another non-functional, useless pair of pipe.
What do you call it, Seth?
If that were true, because imagine what Trump is going to do when he gets in there and he hears about the Church of the Subgenius.
It'll be huge.
Well, you know, some people say that obviously he is what you call a rogue subgenius who is just adding chaos.
But I think they're being a little charitable to the guy.
Yeah.
I think he's just exactly what he sounds.
Like, oh, well, it's not a nightmare.
It's not a strange party sound.
Yeah, right.
I wish he would quit, too, because he actually every once in a while says a few things that are right.
I think that's how they further obfuscate this.
This re-erection of that's when it's being sarcastic.
No, no.
He was being sarcastic when he was right.
Duh.
Can't you even tell?
Don't you even know what sarcasm is?
Go live.
The guards are so stooped.
They're so stooped, I can't believe it.
So is sarcasm.
I thought it was really, really wild when they were attacking NAFTA, which they forced on everybody.
They forced on the Democratic Party.
And NAMCO.
I mean, Clinton signed it, but he wasn't the author of it.
It was Newt Gingrich.
And so when Newt Gingrich is talking about Trump, all of a sudden, they're going to turn over that dirty, rotten NAFTA.
Just like he wasn't the guy who did it.

He did it.
And I talked to somebody at work about it, and they said, well, you know how politics are.
People just lie.
And I said, jeez, yeah, I guess that's true.
Yeah, they lied to each other to make each other feel real good about how everything's going to,
how those others are going to get what they deserve.
The others.
Those others.
They all hate the others.
They live right next door to us, too.
You can see them being all happy and singing and dancing merrily.
And just enjoying themselves when they're part of the evil Eve.
Socialist conspiracy.
They all hate Jesus because they don't want to have a big old fight right now.
Let's blow up the world in the name of Christ.
Criminy.
Criminy.
Praise criminy.
Criminy.
Criminently.
I had a dream, Dave.
Oh, no.
Yeah, well, it was prompted by.
I have a bad habit of looking at about 10 different kinds of Internet news sites in a row.
And I'm used to seeing a certain thing right there on the front page every day on every one of those sites.
So I turned, I was looking at, I think, Yahoo News or something.
And there wasn't the thing that I always see there wasn't there.
There wasn't a picture of Trump.
And there wasn't.
There wasn't an article about it.
And that's when I had my vision or my dream.
I thought, OK, he's decided that all of his supposed troubles are entirely invented and cooked up by the media, which is hand run by the senile, demented Hillary Clinton.
Right.
That all makes sense.
She's dying and senile.
And so.
But she cleverly controls.
Well, pretty much everything.
All Republicans.
OK.
And so Trump has been saying that, you know, all the media is the lowest thing in the whole world.
I'm sure he wouldn't.
He doesn't include Breitbart or a judge reporting that.
But those don't have pictures of him.
Actually, if you look at those, they don't have the Trump news.
They only have the evil Hillary news.
Now, my dream was, what if the evil overlords who actually do control all the media.
Decided that they really were tired of Trump calling them names and just agreed amongst themselves for three days next week.
Let's not put anything about Trump on our front pages.
Nothing.
No matter what he does.
That's crazy.
So that when he gets up in the morning, he has that same experience I did with the thing that's always there isn't there.
If he was not on the front pages of all those news.
Sites for three days in a row.
What might he do to get attention?
So, in other words, if the media wanted to, they could goad the guy into doing something so crazy.
Yeah.
They'd have to put him back on the front page.
That's brilliant.
That was the dream or that was an actual kind of strategy.
Well, I should probably call up the masters of all the media, which I think are named.
Their names are Bill and Hillary, according to everything.
I've been.
Reading in the comments section all day.
Yeah.
They're also Patagonian, too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And they founded Patagonia anyway, even though they even though it was founded long before their birth.
Yeah.
It's their responsibility because of their weakness.
They allowed that to happen before they were powerful.
Yeah.
So it's all their fault.
It's all everybody else's fault.
It doesn't have anything to do, listener, with your drinking, your lack of education.
Your inability to hold down a conversation, have a conversation without using four letter words, every other word.
None of those are the reason you're angry, fearful and miserable.
It's all the other guy's fault.
And by the other guy, I mean all the other guys and girls, especially the girls.
They the girls and the sissies have been oppressing the big tough men so long now.
That the big tough men have turned into girls and sissies.
They can't do anything but why.
And the girls and sissies have become big and tough.
It's like it's upside down.
It's terrible.
It's emasculating.
It is.
It's a horrible feeling to wake up and look down upon yourself and see nothing there where there used to be three things.
Big tough white men are being beaten by little old ladies with senile dementia.
It's right there.
They're socially.
And want to give you something for free.
And everybody knows that's the worst thing you can do to give to do for anybody is giving something for free.
That's crazy.
Like a free education.
That's just what they want you to do.
That's horrible.
That's just what they want you to do.
Why would you want to give anybody a free education or or cure them free?
That's they have to pay.
Jesus would be sickened.
He would be absolutely disgusted by these socialists.
Disgusted the idea of free education, free anything.
Free medicine.
Free fish or loves.
What?
What?
You think these fishes loves just come from magic?
Yeah.
You think these tax cuts are just going to come from?
Man, why do you think you're not all each getting an individual loaf and a fish?
Right.
Because, you know, this costs a pretty penny.
I mean, not as far as, you know, glamorous looks or anything.
That's just a giveaway to people who don't want to work.
They just want the loaves and fishes, but they don't want to go fishing.
Yeah.
Welters.
They call.
I'm.
I'm.
I gave that guy fishing.
Paul.
And the next day he came back and said he broke it and he wanted me to fix him some more fish.
Yeah.
And all they want to do is stay in their mother's basement and smoke frap all day.
That sounds good.
I want to do that, too.
No, that's horrible.
Oh, that's getting free medicine or free food or, you know, like if you're starving and somebody gives you a sandwich.
What is wrong with those people?
Oh, and here's what's even worse.
My mother, there's there's no basement at my mother's house.
Oh, well, what?
We have to live in the whole house.
My mother doesn't even live in my mother's house or my father.
We live in there in that house now.
And there's no basement for us to sit and collect welfare in.
So I'm still having to work.
I'm going to be mailing out subgenius membership packs till the day I die.
And since I've got senile dementia, which is proved by the fact that there's a picture of me stumbling once, that means that means that, you know, that.
I guess that's it.
That's the end of the world.
Everybody's just going to take everything for free from me.
No way.
I can hardly.
And I'm confused again.
But it doesn't matter.
I don't care.
As the great orange man said, Obama founded ISIS.
And the man said, no, he hates ISIS and he's killing members of it right now as we speak.
I don't care.
He founded ISIS.
And that's the point.
The key sentence.
I don't care.
Yeah, I said so.
I don't care what happened or didn't happen.
It's what I said that counts.
Don't trouble me with the facts.
Yeah, probably not with facts.
Right.
That is correct.
Because facts only confuse people and get them to become malingerers and people that want free food stamps and free medicine and free education.
You know, you've got to.
You've got to pull yourself up by your bootstraps, even if you don't have any feet.
I heard somebody the other afternoon say, well, how can you pull yourself up by your bootstraps?
You don't have any boots.
And I thought, well, dude, a lot of people don't have any feet.
And I thought if we could only get everybody two or three feet, that would be enough.
You know, just a couple inches would even work.
So true.
So, so true.
And so out of the left, we am pure.
And yeah, it's stupid.
That's what I say.
She ain't got no legs.
You can't say that.
Legs are on fire.
Sorry.
Well, even though it was originally said by a preacher and that guy ripped it off, then if we say it, then we're ripping that guy off.
But Dave was talking about not having any feet, so I just had to say it.
Well, you don't want to plagiarize any preachers, even if they're subgenius preachers.
Okay, sorry.
You might want to punch them in the belly button.
I'm sorry.
What's up?
What's up?

What's up?

What's up?
What's up?






What's up?

You talk about Youngstown, Bodies With No Feet.
Yes.
No, I didn't.
I'm totally unaware of that song.
Yeah.
It wasn't on any of their conspiracy albums.
It's called Otto Modown.
Right.
Otto Modown.
You probably heard more covers of it on this show than the original Otto Modown.
I've heard of Otto Modown.
Yeah.
But I didn't know it was about the connectigating snakes of Youngstown.
Yeah, it was about the corruptigating snakes of Youngstown, basically.
And gang wars and murders and all that.
But, you know, I turned off our background music because it was coming to a song.
A song.
It was one of the first songs that was performed or recorded last X-Day drill.
The 21st X-Day drill or 19 X-Day.
That special song.
Well, it's a song everybody asks for.
This is a nose drill you're talking about.
The kind that's used on the pineal gland.
Where you just put it right between the third eye there.
No, that's a different recording.
I did play.
I'm glad you heard about my nose flute playing.
I did play nose flute quite a bit at X-Day.
But that's not what this is.
In fact, I don't think I was there to hear it.
But I was there to record it.
My recorder was laying on a chair catching all this.
Anyway, it's Freebird.
It's the subgenius Freebird.
That's another thing Jesus would hate would be Freebirds.
You've got to work by your bootstraps if you want to earn a bird or two.
But, yeah, this is, let's see now.
What band is this?
I believe that the main culprits in this case.
This is Wednesday night.
We had not set up any real recording stuff.
Just the people who were there early started jamming with their equipment.
They couldn't help themselves.
There was a little PA.
I think the main guitar player.
The main player and singer here is Dr. Shoggoth.
But, and Reverend Hazel of the Windmills.
I'm not sure who's playing drums.
But I know the drums were a box.
A large wooden box made for that purpose.
Yes.
He sat on a drum.
Anyway, here.
Box drum.
Dave, we have to go because the show is over.
It's two minutes till ten.
And the song is two minutes long.
Okay, well, I'll listen on the other end.
And Pokemon.
Go.
Oh, Pokemon.
Go.
Okay, Pokemon.
Here goes.
I don't know the second verse.
UFO sausage coming for me.
We're gonna kill all the pink ones.
It's time to go.
1998, this time.
Just you wait and see.
Mary Bob lied to us again now.
Oh, no, no.
That's really okay.
That motherfucker, he's already got my money.
Good.
This is so smart now.
You can't drink that bird.
No.
You can't put any fucking shit on.
Oh.
Oh.


Oh.
And this bird, he kept on chaining
And this bird, he kept on chaining
And this bird kept chaining
And this bird, he's not having it
cubed
Most overhead
Hekg
x-axis
End of Before่
Middleut
Why are you playing?
