Bob?
Ah, yes, dear friends.
It's rerun time again.
Suzy the Floozies.
Bob's Slack Time Funhouse number 51 from 1994.
Praise Suzy the Floozy and W-R-E-K in Atlanta.
Praise Bob.
B-O-B-O-B
Let the joy jump in the good times roll.
Let the pleasure pop.
Now let's take a stroll.
Light up.
Let's all get mellow.
Light up.
Get smoke in your eyes.
Light up.
Get hip, I say, fellas.
Light up.
Hey, what is this joy?
Light up.
Let's all get ready.
Light up.
I know how you feel.
Light up.
Now don't be afraid.
You'll find what I mean in any old field.
Pop.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
Eight, nine, ten, and then eleven.
Light up.
Now get your dig going.
Lame up.
I'm saying that's the thing.
Light up.
Don't let that man get you.
Just pop on your cig and blow the smoke, man.
Light up.
I may not change my underwear,
but I'm changing.
I'm changing my ways.
Oh, there hasn't been a whole lot of Bob
in the slack time funhouse lately.
But now it's battle stations
and full speed ahead slack.
Ooh, with the size tension in the air.
Whew.
God, it's the reek of future death
zooming down on us.
This isn't the time to be lulled into warm complacency.
Oh, the end times have checked in
and they've left an early wake-up call.
What is it?
What will it take to convince you
of the signs of the end times anyway?
Oh.
The Republican Party
and the zombie Jesus slaves
of the Christian radical right
of seize power in a bloody coup,
which you did little or nothing to prevent.
Oh, think you'll be able to hang on
to your precious slack now?
You don't have enough slack to go around now.
And they're going to take
even that little bit away.
Good luck.
Name me one friend you've got left, he said.
Bob, I said.
This was the only lifer in the prison,
the only American to have been convicted of treason
during the Korean War.
He was the chief clerk in the supply room
where I would soon be given my civilian clothes.
He was a science fiction writer of some note,
publishing many stories a year under various pseudonyms,
including Frank X. Barlow and Kilgore Trout.
Somebody said, oh, Mr. 666 is way off in the future.
No, my dear friend, he's been around a while.
And he's here tonight.
He's here tonight on the face of this earth.
And all the world is wondering after him.
And that's why this subject is so important.
The deceptions are all around us.
Deceptions are saying it's off in the future.
It's off in the future.
Don't worry about it.
Friends, we better start worrying about it.
And friends, there are some things taking place around us
that's going to come down very, very soon.
Are you ready for it?
Are you ready for it?
I tell you, we're living in serious time.
Look at the sign.
Before, basic food groups had been replaced with a pyramid.
Isn't that enough to tip you off?
Look at the signs.
The new Blue Star Ointment commercial no longer mentions Tether.
I don't even know what Tether is.
And they took it away from me.
Look at the signs.
We think we're okay in our little shells, minding our own business,
standing on the corner of walk and don't walk.
But, Seekers, it's time to run.
Quick.
It's not too late.
We got to get some Bob into us.
We got to get some Bob into us.
Bad.
Oh, even if it hurts.
Oh, it will.
It will.
Oh, it's time to read some beads until it bleeds.
The only sensitivity I care about is nerve endings.
Are you yeti enough to test yours?
So welcome, friends, to Reverend Commandant Susie Der Flusie's Boot Camp for Bob.
Today is the first day of your last hurrah.
Hey, you, pink boy.
Drop and give me 20, mister.
The rest of you, you'll have to suffer through these Bob songs.
And don't think you're getting off easy.
The hell is just beginning.
She says things I would not dare to articulate.
But I'll simply say this.
If that is true, why so many of them get injured in the very act?
Why are some of them killed in the act?
And why do so many of them have to have colostomies?
Good times.
You! You're one of us!
Maybe you're one.
Something to be outright laughed at.
I heard someone over here say who's been the most effective evangelist the last 20 years.
His name is Bob.
And while... Listen, listen, wait. Listen, look at me.
Listen, wait, wait, wait.
While he entertains you, he indoctrinates you.
While he entertains you, he gets through to you.
While you laugh, you begin to laugh.
You lose automatically.
I met Bob when he came in the door, when I came in the door to service today.
And Bob was formerly bound by the powers of darkness to a terrible degree.
Oh, whatever.
He says he gets a funny feeling down inside when he sees the Boy Scouts and the YMCA.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
And they were doing these crazy things.
Of course, that's just the start.
Thank goodness that, you know, nobody I knew was there because I thought,
I'm never going to another one of these as long as I live.
I mean, you know, and he was a little nervous too when they grabbed his hand.
You know, it was like, this is not what we're used to.
What we learned a long time ago is that you become what the people you associate with.
And so he started associating with people in this business.
And I began to see the changes.
You know, Bobby was a good person and a good guy, but I started seeing the change of staying away from the people that he was hanging around with
and looking forward to the future.
And so I started getting a glimpse of what this business had to offer.
So will all you goonie birds answering this description please stand up?
You misfits in this brave new age.
You dismally disorganized, improperly apologetic ghosts of the past.
Stand up. Stand up and stand up.
And be counted.
Stand up. Stand up.
Stand up. Stand up.
And now it's time to bring up the headliner of the evening.
A very special gentleman.
Please welcome to the stage Bobby.
Bob!
Last night my baby wanted to talk to me about art.
But I said no.
No.
Let's just close our eyes and watch.
Bob!
Hi Bob!
I like to get mail of course, but for some reason I get the strangest kind of mail.
And these are all real letters I'm reading you.
Every one I assure you has come in in the mail from someone I don't know.
To give you an idea of what the people think of the show and what they like to say in their communications.
Dear Bob, before I tuned in your program I could never get my husband out of bed in the morning.
Now he can't get out of the house fast enough.
Why don't you give up?
Why can't you act like normal people?
Why don't you stop whistling?
Why don't you stop acting like a moron?
Or maybe you aren't acting.
Yes!
That's all I'm taking from you.
Get back here you jackal!
He's gone!
He's gone!
He's gone!
Find him!
Find him!
Find him!
Find him!
Find him!
Oh yeah.
That old slack magic has me in its spell.
Oh yeah.
That old slack magic has me in its spell.



Oh it's hard sometimes.
Howling and bumping and grinding in the radio wilderness.
Trying to sew my little seeds of slack with hundreds of sweaty strangers in the dark.
Oh while the city sleeps around I'm lighting up your dials with the power of Bob.
When I tell people I have a show called Bob's Slacktime Funhouse they often say,
Who's Bob?
Well that certainly separates a wheat from the chaff now, doesn't it?
Oh I like to think that you all know Bob.
At least those of you who matter.
But don't fool yourself into thinking that that puts you any higher up in the food web
because of it.
Oh yeah.
Here at the Funhouse it seems like we've lost our grip on Bob.
We gotta latch onto his pipe and pull him down off the ceiling and bump his stomach
and get him out of the house.
And get him into fight and trim because he's our only hope.
Oh.
I want you to get to know Bob personally.
If you don't already.
Those of you who don't know Bob,
my heart sings like the prairie squid in rutting season for you at the joy you're about to experience.
Oh and those of you who have forgotten Bob,
Fie!
Fie upon thee!
Wake up!
It's time to cover your ass, kids.
Don't be a pink boy.
Pinks are like sponges that don't work.
You.
You subgenius tods.
Yeah.
You, on the other hand,
soak in this.
I want to give you a close encounter with Bob and his amazing life.
His precocious youth.
His early careers in sports and salesmanship.
And his hot, hot linkage with Connie, his first and primary wife.
And all through the wonders of our patented sub-g-liminal hypnognostic brain ventilating system.
I want you to take the fronts off of your speaker seekers.
There.
Yeah, now put your head in the speaker cone.
No, no, no, not that one.
The big one.
Yeah.
Okay, reach over.
Yeah, you can still barely reach.
Now turn that dial up to 11.
Or lethal, if you have it.
And I want you to feel the slack pouring over you like drug tapping.
Saturating you with pure Bob land.
Meanwhile, I'll just notch up your pain meters a little bit.
Once upon a time, there was Bobby.
Bobby was a boy who drank milk.
He drank milk in the morning.
He drank milk at noon.
He drank milk before he went to bed.
And where do you think all that milk came from?
Well, that milk had a long journey.
For once upon a time, there was Bobby.
And once upon a time, there also was...
Do you hear them?
Yes.
Yes, there also were five cows.
Five cows.
Five cows.
They didn't like to wait, but came and moved at the farmer's gate.
Five big cows.
The farmer came when he heard them call and led each one into her stall.
Now I must milk them one and all to get the milk for Bobby.
The five cows were Daisy and Squirrel and Queen and Lady and Buttercup.
When they were in the barn, the farmer took his stool and big pail and sat down to milk.
Squirt, squirt, the milk poured into the pail.
And when the five cows had given all their milk, the farmer let the cows wander out of the barn and into the pasture again.
There they ate the green grass and forgot all about the milk.
But the milk had only just begun its journey.
For once upon a time, there was Bobby.
And once upon a time, there also was...
Do you hear it?
Yes, there also was a wagon.
A wagon with a horse and rubber shoes.
It clapped each time he started, each time he stopped.
A milk wagon!
And the milkman said,
My work is done before most other work's begun.
From house to house I hurry on to bring the milk to Bobby.
The milk wagon came down the street until it stopped at Bobby's house.
The driver jumped out and put down the bottles Bobby's mother had ordered.
Then he drove away and forgot all about the milk.
But the milk still went on with its journey.
For after the milkman went away, Johnny's mother ran downstairs and opened the door.
There stood the milk bottles.
The milk from the cows who couldn't wait, but said moo moo at the farmer's gate.
The milk in the truck that couldn't stand still, but went a-hawking down the hill.
The milk on the train that carried the freight, and clickety-clackety couldn't be late.
The milk where the factory whistle blew, and said, now there is work to do.
The milk that went where the horse clipped flop, each time he started, each time he stopped.
The milk from a bottle that opened up, and mother poured into Bobby's cup.
Don't call me Bobby.
The milk slipped and fell.
The milk slid down Bobby's throat.
And so, turned into Bobby.
And so at last, the milk ended its long, long journey.
Your commentator was privileged to visit Space Platform 7 last week.
And before Cadet Bobby and Cadet Betty went into pre-lunar medical quarantine, I interviewed them.
These telememory tapes will introduce you to the new technology.
And I will tell you what they do to these two exceptional youngsters.
Cadet Bobby.
Don't call me Bobby.
Bob, are you and Betty worried at all about your lunar adventure?
Not really, Doctor.
We've been thoroughly checked out on our space shuttle craft.
And of course, adults have made thousands of such trips.
After all these years of training, I suppose it's really a great thrill.
It certainly is.
But, I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it.














Bob, of course, studied 18 months longer than I.
Bob, where have you trained?
Well, I had calculus and logarithms in elementary school in Washington, USA.
Then I spent one year in the Space Flight Center at Houston, USA.
Another year in Moscow on advanced power and propulsion systems.
Six months in England at the Academy of Celestial Navigation.
And then back to Houston for advanced computer technology.
I had just about the same program.
Except for one thing.
I was not prepared for the fuels and propulsion.
The girls just don't seem to take to the engineering courses.
Well, you kids have spent six months here, 50,000 miles from Earth, on Space Station
Number 7.
And now you are ready for the final 200,000 mile voyage to the moon.
Goodbye.
And thanks to all of you.
Goodbye.
And thanks to all of you.
I think it was just a matter of time.
After all, when we were growing up, Bob had a huge supply of Playboys underneath his bed.
His dad had a subscription.
Bob dearly loved those Playboys, as I recall.
B...O...B...
He said, do you know the story of the Playboy?


And I said, well, Coach, the only thing I can tell you, he looks like Mr. Clean.
I mean, he's the largest thing I've ever seen since a Big Mac truck.
He is about 225, 230 pounds.
Packs arms the size of my thighs.
A huge, huge man.
This is my friend and colleague, Texan.
Howdy there.
I didn't catch your name, mister.
God, I'm old.
So, God, you're about as big as a mountain.
90 feet high and 9 feet tall.

Wow.
Like you might have played some football.
We're going to kill some elephants today, are we?
Why did Bob do that?
Bob knew what he wanted.
He made a plan.
And he stayed enthusiastic over several years.
I mean, I've read his interviews and his letters.
No, he's, you know, not retarded.
I mean, I've talked to the man, and he's pretty quick.
But from some reason, you kind of get that impression sometimes.
I don't know, maybe he just like, you know, when he goes into create,
it's like somebody playing a musical instrument or driving a car.
They kind of go into that zen state of retardedness where if they were
neurotically trying to, you know, do something, specifically, you can't drive a car
if you're totally conscious.
You're concentrating on it.
You'll go nuts.
It's like being a, you know, that's the way you are when you're learning to drive.
At the same time, he's kind of nuts.
I mean, he's kind of a nutty guy and eccentric.
I mean, he's not Hugh Beaumont.
He's definitely not Mr. Normal.
Then neither am I.
I mean, he's just practise.
I know, unfortunately.
I know.
But he's kind of nuts.
Electric staff, no one's there but the face in the window.
And when you think he's gone, leave your curtains drawn.
His radar's on the face in the window.
He's the perfect commander.
He never steps out of line.
He keeps his distance.
He won't run out of time.
Ever, forever, a true friend through thick and thin.
You can't keep him out, but you won't let him in.
The eyes are everywhere.
It's the electric staff.
No one's there but the face in the window.
And when you think he's gone, leave your curtains drawn.
His radar's on the face in the window.
The End
We've been throwing out some real good hotels in America.
Drive those three wheelers down the lobby of Hyatt in Maui.
Roar!
Roar!
Roar!
I gotta tell ya, ya know, some things change about, well let's just take Bobby for instance.
Don't call me Bobby.
Bobby!
A lot, he's changed a lot.
In a lot of ways he's become very refined, but there are things about him that will never
change.
Ha ha!
Is that clear to you?
The brain is not a container to be filled.
It is something to be activated.
To be excited.
To be excited.
I'm trying to find a young man.
Here's one.
I'll bet he's less than 26.
How old are you?
26.
26!
I got him!
What's your first name?
Bob.
Bob!
It appears to me that you don't need much motivation, but I'm gonna use it anyway.
I think probably this is true.
Bob, isn't it true that unless you have found your field in life, the thing that you want
to do, isn't it true that you frequently think of what you are best suited for?
And if you could only find your field in life, what would you do?
Find out what he's best suited for?
He would work 18 hours a day, I assure you.
He would study.
He would self-discipline himself.
He'd stop fooling around.
I'm not saying that you are.
I'm just using that as an example.
I'll tell you what you're best fitted for.
How do you like that?
Now, Bob, if you could ever believe this, you'd just jump out of your skin.
I guess you're jumping now, aren't you?
Bob, you are best fitted for anything you want to do.
Anything.
I don't care about your past education.
I don't care a thing of your past.
Your best fit is to be a good student.





You're best fitted for anything.
You know this theory that's been known since the beginning of time.
That we are what we think.
I'm Bob, and this here is my place.
Excellent.
Christ.
Welcome to The
Genet만 Show withёл Paul
and Kate
Uh-oh, you know who that is?
That's right, it's your pal, Bobo the Clown! Yay!
Hey, Bobo, want to play a game?
Okay, look up, look down, now look at Mr. Frying Pan.
Uh-oh, Bobo, fall down, go boom.
Wake up!
Oh, Bob!
Wake up!
Beep, beep, beep.
Beep, beep, beep.
Beep, beep, beep.
Beep, beep, beep.
Beep, beep, beep.
Beep, beep, beep.
It's on every station.
Get a trace on that signal, now!
Make him proud!
The other officers quickly take up the slack.
That's how big it was.
It could be seen for miles and miles around.
Now, here's the king's command.
I'm going to command all these musicians to start playing their musical instruments, and as soon as they start playing,

you are to fall down and bow down in front of that great image 90 feet high and pray to it.
It's a bad joke.
I'm not giving in to a smile or a grin on a face I might never see again.
I'm not gonna fly in some big, phony sky on a line.
I'm not gonna fly in some big, phony sky on a line.
I'm gonna fly that I know just can't win.
Beep, beep, beep.
Yes, Bob.
You rang?
Am I a lousy picker?
Er, whatever.
I analyze it and assess it thoroughly, and then I make my prediction on the air and I
pick the opposite.
Me too.
I stand on my record.
But one thing I shared with you this afternoon is that Bobby didn't listen to me, and I'm
thankful now that I'm here.
I'm thankful that he didn't, and hopefully if you've got a negative spouse, you're not
listening to them either, because he didn't listen to me, and he went about and built
the business, because he saw something in it.
A friend of his or an acquaintance of his had shown him the plan, and I won't bust his
bubble.
That's his part of the story.
Well, Mr. Stang, it was an almost foolproof plan.
But let us look to the next paragraph of prophecy, which says, Dateline for Dominance, 1991,
first paragraph.
And I quote,
World War III.
Church of the subgenius shifts into Operation Removal.
End quote.
Now, admittedly, dear friends, that leaves open some room for interpretation.
And just what is Operation Removal designated to remove?
And knowing Bob, he'd want to remove the very concept.
Of removal.
I suppose Bob told you that his plan has been approved, and recruiting is about to
open.
You once offered to help us find the right sort of recruits.
How many men do you need?
I thought you'd say that.
We'll need 1,100 men to begin with.
I'm in this thing any way you can use me.
Looking forward to it, Mr. Stang.
Hi, I'm Bob.
Hi.
Are you famous?
Yeah.
Oh, I'm Bob.















I'm Bob.

See, I saw this program that I'm talking about tonight some seven years ago.
Seven years ago when I saw this program, I folded my arms across my chest, I crossed
my legs, and then I looked at that guy that was talking about this program, and I said,
no way.
Whoever this joker is, whoever's up there, he's always grinning.
I thought, why was he always grinning and never dawned on me?
Because he is so doggone rich.
Being a joker is a good thing.

Being broke is not a good deal, but he looked at me and he says, Al, whatever you do, you're
going to like Area 3.
He says, as a matter of fact, judging from the first two areas, you'll probably want
to be involved in Area 3.
And I was committed and convinced that Area 3 looked good.
And then he spelled it out to me.
D-E-A-D, dead.
Fantastic.
I'll talk like this.
Bob's your uncle, mate.
That really doesn't help, Bob.
I'm Bob.
I'm Bob.
You get the slack in the off, you get the back slim.
Well, that would have to have been last Fourth of July.
It was very hot out.
Oh, so hot.
It was just blazing.
And I was at the youth group picnic.
Minister Bob was there in his Bermuda pants.
They cover more legs than his Bermuda shorts, you see.
And I was at the youth group picnic.
And they're just a little bit tighter in the back.
They just hug his buns in the cutest way.
But anyway, I was slicing some Rice Krispie squares I had made.
And Minister Bob was filling cups of the punch bowl with his ladle.
It was the biggest ladle I'd ever seen.
I wanted to touch it, but I was afraid to, because it was so abnormally large.
And as I watched him with that ladle, he kept dipping it into the bowl and pouring punch.
He said, I'm going to do it.







And dipping and pouring and dipping and pouring and dipping until all the cups were filled.
And it didn't take long, because that was some big ladle.
And then suddenly, violently, there was a shudder.
My buttocks were tingling.
I was alone, lost in space.
I saw him toss that ladle aside, his arm exhausted.
I must have passed out, because that's all I remember.
You may call me Connie.
You did what was doing the storm, remember?
You said, all right, Connie, we might as well go down together.
I like that.









I like the way you said, Connie.
It was like a punch in the door.
Now, what's going to happen?
Do you know that's breaking the second commandment?
Because Babylon was the head of witchcraft, sorcery, fortune-tellers.
Notice that.
When the music starts playing, you're to bow down and worship the great image.
Night and day, you are the one.
Only you beneath the moon and under the sun.
Whether near to me or far.
You are the one.

It's no matter where you are
I think of you
Night and day
And I won't tell you I jumped in with both feet
and started listening to tapes and reading books because I didn't.
I had to read lots of books, lots and lots of books.
And sometimes you're going to pick up a book in the beginning
and you're going to read it and you're going to think,
I can't finish this, this book is too heavy.
And you're going to put it down and a couple of years later,
a couple of months later, you're going to pick up that book
and all of a sudden it's going to slap you in the face.
Hello, Connie.
Bob!
I'm so glad.
You're glad? How do you think I feel?
And you're just as good as new again.
Stop kidding.
Why are you kidding?
In high society, I just ain't the type.
Folks all look so surprised when I light my pipe.
Oh, yeah.
Do you, uh,
smoke a pipe too?
Oh, don't be coy. I like it too.
What's it going to get you, Connie?
All this business of filling my pipe,
pouring my drinks, corned beef and cabbage?
I suppose I should pretend that I don't know what you mean by that.
But I won't.
Connie, look, for the past few days, all you've done is...
All I've done is what?
Well, is to tell a man in a thousand little ways.
To tell what man in a thousand little ways?
Well, not with words, maybe, but with looks, actions,
and...
Aren't you ashamed?
All right, maybe you say I'm wrong.
A partner in sin?
There was an influence there.
Sometimes there is a mood that just...
We don't know why.
You wouldn't get a pal, would you, Connie?
Or yourself, maybe?
I don't know yet, Bob.
Oh!
Hello, children.
Well, here we are, Doc.
The two longbirds.
All ready for the wedding.
Sit down.
Are we healthy enough to get married?
Yeah, both as solid as a new dollar.
That first baby didn't hurt you a bit.
You can have a dozen more if you want to.
And, Bob, you'll be pleased to know
that there's no trace of your old V.D.
One hundred percent sure.
What did you say about a first baby?
You've been married before?
Doctor, what did you call it?
V.D.?
You mean to say that Bob is actually...
had one of those horrible diseases?
That isn't true, Doctor.
Is that true, Bob?
All right, if you must know, I did have it.
But it's no worse than having an illegitimate child.
I think it is.
Why, I'd...
I'd sooner marry a leper.
Thank you for letting me know about this in time, Dr. West.
And now I'm going out into the clean, fresh air.
Well, there went my happy wedding right out the door.
I'm terribly sorry, Bob.
Probably the whole house fell asleep because of me!
But it felt like a party because of you.
He was giving it his all, and then I Anderson.
And obviously I paid you.
But mistake over lift!
Tell me why you never saw me again.
Tell me why.
Away!

Away!




ought to stand up against it, say amen, evil soul.
The pipes, we need a jolly life, jolly life, we're free from every garrenstripe, garrenstripe,
we drink the best, we drink the best, no, no, no, I'm glad that this gay life is mine.
Fear the name of fingers, waters, dirty birdie, Holland, no sterling beef or chemist, drink
beef, eat beef, fear the name of mist, mystic, Myron, Tucker, Dolan, Battis, Soaring Inn,
oh, George E3, oh, smiling, no, Nick, Bob, Cobra Bar, Nick, Nolte, oh, Golden Throat,
it's John A.D.
If you understand that we have all had a partner in sin, you really didn't do it by yourself.
There was an influence there.
Now we shop at Neiman Marcus instead of K. Martin Sears.
We go on Neiman Marcus, and as soon as they spotted us, and I was there,
last year, they said, hi, Bob and Bonnie, how are you?
They remembered us.
And so on the back, they take you in the back, and they have drinks for you, whatever it
is, scotch, whiskey, whatever you want, and I asked for the usual.
If you drink five gallons of Gatorade, you're going to expend five gallons of Gatorade somewhere
in one of these restaurants.
You buy that, right?
Frankly, either way, it's good.
Just put the phone out.
We went 15% and did some crazy things, and we went direct, and I can remember going direct,
and I can remember standing up on stage and putting the microphone up to my mouth, and
nothing came out.
And I went, oh, my God.
No, Connie, no.
I blew five-step flame out of my butt.
It really isn't all that bad.
Hope you understand.
That there's nothing more liberating than being able to pee and poop your own diaper.
For the love of Bob.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Come on.
Yeah, what's the matter with that?
It's disgusting.
Don't ever ask me to do that again.
You just have to be careful.
You always think about, you know, getting poop on the finger, you know?
And I remember the first time it happened.
I couldn't believe it.
I mean, it's like, oh, my God.
I've got poop on my finger.
And then I started thinking to myself, it could be worse.
I could have a job.
I don't think I can.
I can't.
I just can't do it.
And I said to Bobby, please don't ever make me do that again.
Don't call me Bobby.
No, Connie, no.
Connie, Connie, please.
Don't ever.
Don't ever.

You're my guiding light.
Oh, my God.
No, Connie, no.
Night and day under the height of me.
There's such a hungry yearning burning inside of me.
And the storm that won't be through.
Do you let me spread my lightning?
Making love to you night and day.
Oh, day and night.
Night and day.
They won't believe that.
They will when they hear the things you and Bob said to each other the other night in Irene's apartment.
You were there.
And there were probably a thousand people there, but I thought there were 7,000 people there
because there was so much excitement.
And for once in my life, I found a place where I could be accepted for being me.
And that people loved you unconditionally, no matter who you were, no matter what you looked like.
And everybody was going towards a common goal.
Everybody was excited for everybody else.
And all of a sudden, I felt like I was a big loving.
I just, I all of a sudden found a place that I felt like maybe I could grow into.
And of course, you know, that wasn't, you know, the beginning either.
It's a long stretch. It's a journey.
It's something you do every day.
It helps you get closer to your dream.
Well, Bill, I'm an admirer of Bob.
Does it worry you, Bob?
You can't let this thing taste.
I think they could take it a step beyond to the bizarre, the grotesque,
to intentionally mean-spirited injury of other innocent people.
It was, it had Bob's fingerprints all over it.
And he and I both would agree that Bob's not a nice person.
I saw him shoot Bob.
Joe's what you get with a liberal agenda.
You pump people full of drugs and pipe dreams of what happens.
They come gunning for people like Bob.
But those folks don't realize something.
You can't kill the truth.
Bob is not going to be stopped by any bullet.
He'll be back.
And man, you better watch out because he's headed straight for Washington.
And that's all I've got to say.
Excuse me.
I have to go pray.
Yeah, right.
His new album entitled,
Bob on Bob is released
and debuts with a bullet at number two on the charts.
Was never heard, no seen again.
Officially presumed is dead.
But the words he left behind
still echo through my mind.
I'm the only man who'll ever get to
and come back alive.
He's the only man.
I'm the only man who'll ever get to
and come back alive.
So?
This is no joke now.
Not building up to a joke.
It was hot.
And I knew it was going to stay hot.
Terribly hot.
Exactly as I had predicted.
This is beautiful, ain't it?
Yeah, but it's hot.
Oh, we'll have a swell time here.
Yeah, a hot time.
Just like the movies.
Yeah, just like the movies.
Soon me and Natasha will be right under them palm trees.
Soon you and Natasha will be knocking down them palm trees.
He's gone!
He's gone!
Find him!
Find him!
Find him!
Sam Beasley loaded with crocodile.
I believe we have some friends of yours on board, sir.
Hello, Bob.
Connie, what in the world are you doing here?
Oh, I can't believe it.
It's like a little paradise.

Are you comfortable here, Bob?
You'll find out tonight.
I will.
We've rented a porcupine to chaperone.
So, um...
There are a couple of little canvas chairs there,
and they're cooking somebody's skull, you know, or something.
The scene is an American and a Britisher,
and they've been discussing all afternoon a little juice and a little vodka.
And, um...
The Britisher says,
I know you've hunted in many, many sections of the world,
and I know that you've killed an innumerous amount of animals of all types.
Birds, reptiles, things of that nature.
But you have never hunted Bob,
in that he's the great white hunter,
and I think, as far as I'm concerned,
the greatest white hunter of all times.
Yeah, I'm looking forward to meeting him.
He better be pretty damn good, I'll clue you.
Because I've spent $100,000 coming over this godforsaken town.
Territory.
True, I've made some foolish investments.
I've married three or four times.
One was a teenager.
I was really drunk down in Big D one night.
Married a child. Married a child.
God, she was having no heaven to have you down there.
I'm looking forward to this guy.
I hope to God you say he's as good as he is.
Believe me, he is.
In fact, he's coming up right now.
Striking blue eyes and carrying a .22 short rifle.
What the hell's he doing?
I expect to kill with that.
I've only known him to be always a crack shot.
Strange, I must say.
Going out after elephant today.
He'll have to be good all right, won't he?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We have a friend
That we don't talk about
Wears a black leather jacket
Sort of I'm the brando type
Oh, what a friend
That we don't like to talk about




Has black hair
And a set of teeth to match
We're just having cocktails
Right out here in the sun
Jungle
Listening to a little hi-fi
Pictures of home
Waiting for you
Texan
This is my friend and colleague
Howdy there
I'm a friend and colleague
God almighty
Oh, what a friend
That we don't like to talk about
I guess this doesn't seem strange to you
But you should see what our friend can do
He let Satan tempt you
He just said,
Let Satan wet up his knives
He lets him get the filthiest, rottenest, degradating rot of hell
And hit you right smack with it
And then he says,
Use my word
Use my name
Use my power
Yes
Look, you get yourself a couple of pints
And a chicken tikka masala takeaway
Pops your uncle in f***ing the rude word
I haven't heard it from your mouth
Yours and Bob's
Yeah, you heard it from him
I did not hear it
He slept with you
On July 4th, the weekend
I'll give you a flick
I'll give you a flick
Look at him get pipe and smoke at home
I feel bad
I know, I feel bad
About the way things happen
But I don't regret it
Because I love Bob and I'm happy
I think it was just a matter of time
Before Bob came up with a song
I wanna be Bob
Sit and smile all the time
I wanna be Bob
I wanna be Bob
I think everything is just fine
Don't wanna be Jesus
I always look so sad
Don't wanna be Jesus
Ha ha, he must have had an awful dad
I wanna be Bob
Tell everyone about slack
I wanna be Bob
Let the pigs kiss my crack
Don't wanna be Jesus
Don't wanna be no slave
Don't wanna be Jesus
He should have stayed in his grave
Don't wanna be Jesus
I wanna be Bob
Never have to work a day
I wanna be Bob
All eternity's a play
Don't wanna be Jesus
Don't wanna carry no cross
Don't wanna be Jesus
Don't wanna speak for no ha ha boss
I wanna be Bob
See everything all so clear
I wanna be Bob
Finish everything right here to here
Don't wanna be Jesus
Always trying to figure things out
Don't wanna be Jesus
Who needs all the money
Pass the doubts
Don't wanna be Bob
Yeah, I wanna be Bob
I wanna be Bob
I'd even like a new jersey
Yahoo!
I wanted you to know
what radio announcers are up against.
Feel sorry for them.
Send in a little something,
whatever you can afford.
And now, friends,
we have a time check.
Ding!
And would you just...
Fill in your own time, please.
Well, my freedom was so precious.
I took my noxious alarm clock,
I took my sludge hammer,
and I painted it red, white, and blue.
Because in America,
if you can afford it, you can do it.
And I smashed it.
And it was so fun.
What an experience.
It is really fun.
I like that.
You know what time
we're gonna wake up Monday?
See, we don't either.
Thank you, Bob!
Thank you, Bob!
Give thanks to Bob
our eternal hope
and praise me to
Irwin, New Jersey's Pope.
We're fickle and free
and we don't make no fuss
at the Church of the Subgenius.
Bob, hear our plea.
We beseech thee.
Help us be free
from normalcy.
We're done devoted
and done talking.
Hope's aوں back.
Please give us an hour of slack.
JR Bob Dobbs never fails.
He's the Living Slackmaster of Mystic Sales.
All you conspiracy doofs, just you wait
til July the 5th,
1998
Invaders will come from Planet X
bringing gifts,
Of money, time control and great sex
And a new age will dawn and we'll never look back
We'll be busy enjoying our slacks
But here I believe, we be seized free
Help us be free from normalcy
We're dumb, devoted and dumb, talk back
Please give us an hour of slack
He's the bridge between heaven and earth and hell
He's the patron saint of sales, yeah he's doing well
Media, cretins and novels and things beware
The slack master sells everywhere
Give thanks to Bob, give thanks to Bob
Our eternal hope
Praise be to Owen
And praise be to him
Owen, New Jersey's Pope
We're fickle and free
And we don't make no fuss
At the Church of the Subgenius
Everybody now
Give thanks to Bob
Our eternal hope
And praise be to Owen, New Jersey's Pope
We're fickle and free
And we don't make no fuss
At the Church of the Subgenius
Give thanks to Bob, our eternal hope
And praise be to Owen, New Jersey's Pope
We're fickle and free
And we don't make no fuss
At the Church of the Subgenius
Dear Bob, I must give you credit for playing some good music, but why spoil it with your
stupid asinine whistling?
Why?
Lock yourself in a broom closet while the music is on.
I'm disgusted.
And from now on, I'll do my own whistling in the morning.
This is from Springfield.
Is there any lower form of life?
Let the record show that the witness made a drinky, drinky motion.
A bottle. Who has it?
Stupid mailman, squirreling me.
I still enjoy your program, even though you've been back two or three weeks now.
Isn't that nice?
Here's one.
It says, Dear Bob, please don't pick any more winners.
I'm going broke.
And, uh, you bull thrower, how are you going to crawl out of this?
That's a nice one.
I like the short one.
At least you get them over with in a hurry.
Dear Bob, I had heard so much about you, I was prepared to like you immediately.
I tuned in your show, and you talked me out of it.
Here's another one from Springfield.
Could you please give me the exact address in Washington, D.C., of the Bureau of Indian Affairs?
I've always wanted to have an affair with an Indian.
It's only because you're a true man.
This is from Springfield also.
Dear Bob, this morning you advertised boys' suits for youngsters aged three to seven.
You said they were trimmed with piping.
Piping in a boy's suit?
Wouldn't you think they'd be housebroken at that age?
Hang in there, Robert.
Yours truly.
This letter from New Britain says,
Dear Bob, I was standing in the kitchen in front of my radio this morning pulling my two-way stretch over my hips when you said,
Are you a little on the fat side?
What I want to know is, can you see out here?
If so, I must dress somewhere else.
It's a joke, Dobbsy.
Aren't you going to let me in on it?
In on it?
Sure I will.
Sure.
This is a joke, Bob.













Ahh.
Isn't it great swimming in a sea of slack?
Let's just immerse ourselves in the luck plane's surfy, surfy waves, and waft along.
Dr. Philo Drummond once said,
If slack was water, Bob would be surfing, and you'd be drowning.
Hey, I'm willing to settle for death by drowning in slack.
Well, I'm going to tell you something, Bob.





any day, Doctor.
Ah, this is the soundtrack to Mr. Lucky,
which is one of Bob's nine billion middle names.
And you know, he's taught me
that it's better to be lucky than good any day,
and what an example he sets.
I rejoice in the failings of Bob.
I exult in the slip-ups of Bob.
Hey, Bob, show us how you make a mistake
and make a million dollars.
Yes, make me a failure too, Bob.
Show me the witching ways of surfing the luck plane.
Look, Bob, I can hang too.
Oh, and when Bob forgets to screw up.
Oh, when he screws up by not screwing up.
It's like breaking the bank at Monte Carlo.
It's such blinding, radiant luck that you can't believe it.
You appreciate the good things in life
if you don't waste your time
counting on the good things in life.
You don't want to rely on them to happen.
But if you expect the bad things,
every day can be like Christmas.
Just forget yourself
and go with a path of least resistance.
Sharpen your abnormality focus.
You might do only one weird thing exceptionally well.
Well, take that weird thing
and turn it around and milk it dry.
Milk it for Bobby.
Tap it.
Strip mine it.
There's strip mining your slack away.
Leaving toxic poisons to leach into your psychic water table.
Fight the conspiracy.
Give up for Bob.
On and off the road to Bob.
We are marching forward blind.
He has gouged out both our eyes.
And he's laughing.
Laughing close behind.
He will sell us back our eyes
when we join his noble plan.
For just $19.95
and a taste of our woodland.
On and off the road with Bob.
He has handed us the wheel.
And he cuddles up with love.
As he counts himself a field.
Our eyes are on the road.

But Bob forgot to say.
The steering wheel went bust.
The road carries us away.
On and off the road for Bob.
We've cut butter.

Forgot why we came here.
We have quit all of our jobs.
Like a headlight frightened deer.
He has lit the sacred pipe.
And he's smiling at us now.
On and on, on and on.
He's Bob.
He's our book.
We are his town.
That hurt, Bob.
Bob, where are you?
Who are you?
A friend of Bob's.
They found my fingerprints on my ashtray and not yours.
It had Bob's fingerprints all over it.
And he and I both would agree that Bob's not a nice person.
That was enough for them.
It's funny because it's true.
And hey, admit the truth to yourself now.
You know you'll be clawing your way to the head of the line to buy a membership
when the atomic heat rays are so close they're welding your butt cheeks together.
Oh, but don't come crying to me.
I can't wait for X-Day.
I love the taste of human flesh.
I just haven't had it cooked yet.
We get down and dirty in this church because religion happens to be a dirty, dirty business.
This church is a lot like an old car sometimes,
in that it's the dirt that's the only thing that's holding it all together.
And Bob, Bob is the bondo that keeps our sagging bumpers up.
Isn't that the one thing that we're here for after all, sneakers?
The dirt.

Oh, so let's dig in and dish it up.
It's crammed packed with minerals, too.
So don't settle for the poop du jour.
Excremeditate your troubles away with the armor-piercing slack of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
I am mighty, I am full of it, but I'm going to let it go.
And you've got to let it go, dear.
A friend, just as sure as you can bet it,
one of those two greatest guys up there is going to let go just as you is letting go.
Bob, what's Ms. Preskey's heap so far?
Right, Jack?
Yes.
Well, how do you feel, Ms. Preskey?
Sick.
Ah, well, you can afford it now, love.
But like the good book says, there are bigger deals.
Dickוב.
Oh, Christ.
I hope things worked out the way you want them to.
Thanks, Bob.
I'm hoping, too.
Oh, crap! It's on fire!
Texas.
Slag.
From the Church of the Subgenius.
For more information on the Church of the Subgenius,
write for free information from P.O. Box 807, Glen Rose, Texas, 76043.
Or you can send tapes and things, CDs, whatever, to me, stang, at subgenius.com,
by email, or...
Uh, to, uh...
Post Office Box 807, Glen Rose, Texas, 76043.
And, friends, this music in the background is the amino acid.
It's, uh...
Ugh!
Uh-oh!
Bob will fall down, go boom!
Oh, yes, I almost forgot.
Uh, friends?
Are you a subgenius minister yet?
Have you joined the Church of the Subgenius?
And by that, I mean, actually sent in your 35 bucks, payable by PayPal or credit card,
uh, on subgenius.com, where it says, become an ordained minister, or where it says, stores.
And even if you have, do you have your well-made Bob t-shirt from anticonformity.com?
Do you have your Arise DVD?
Sure, you can watch it on the internet, but...
It's not the same.
And it isn't the same.
It hasn't been kissed by the...
lips of Princess Wee, who kisses every copy of Arise that goes out.
And I sign every copy of Book of the Subgenius.
How about that?
You can still get those from us.
But yes, the 35 bucks for the minister's pack, you really ought to think about it, folks.
You don't have to meet any subgeniuses ever, but you will have that option.
You can't come to X Day unless you're a member.
You can't go to the...
the members only kind of smarty pants internet forum called Scrub Genius.
I do a lot more there than on Facebook.
Because Facebook's just a bunch of gimme bobs, people who can't even spell Bob's name right.
Do you know that, Princess Wee?
They can't even spell Bob's name right, half of them.
They leave off the quotes.
Oh yeah, gimme bobs.
You can tell.
It's so easy to tell.
Anyway, friends.
We'll be back.

We'll be back next week with more X Day recordings, and hopefully with the lonesome cowboy.
Hopefully he won't be lonesome next week.
Well thank you, goodnight, and praise Bob.
Yai yai yai yai yai yai.
