Open your heart, unzip your pants, close your mind, and bend over,
because you're about to receive the Word of Bob!
Do you want to pour it down?
Do you want to pour it?
Do you want to, do you want to, do you want to pour it?
Do you want to pour it?
Do you want to pour it?
Oh yes, dear friends, and we're back!
Yes, friends.
We're back!
We're back!
That wonderful hour.
Friends, that bad hour.
That one-time hour, friends.
That mysterious hour.
That poltergeist-infested hour, yes.
Friends, the poltergeist is working tonight, because one of these tape decks won't turn off.
Get your finger out of the hole there, Dr. Stang, you're liable to hurt yourself.
There you go.
Well, let's turn on the dampers and see if we can get the nuclear power plant started here, doctor.
I'm anxious to take off.
Okay.
Take off.
Take off.
Oh, wait a minute.
Would you get all those guys out of the other side there, please?
What'd you do, doctor?
Central control processor on.
There, central control is on, doctor.
Good, good.
Okay, you want to close the watertight doors here?
Uh, yeah.
Oh, watch out for that squid, man.
There's a prairie squid right by the door.
Speaking of which.
And, uh, inject some of those collar soles, would you, into the, uh, retro, retribution chamber?
Primary and secondary circuit tests commencing now.
Oh, wh-
Well, we really-
Yes, line two has a prayer request.
Is that so, well, friends?
Well, tell them to pray.
That's right, they're just, you're just gonna have to pray, friends, because, uh, Pastor Naked ain't here and-
They've been injected now.
Read a contract check sequence.
You know, as, uh, like, last week we, uh, we had the, the all-female callers, but, and we wouldn't let any tool-using primates call in.
Tool-bearing primates, I believe is the proper term.
Yes, only the, only the- that's right.
And, uh, and tonight, not even, not, not even the, the tool-bearing ones, nor the-
Not even the faithful.
Not even the faithful will talk on the phone tonight, friends.
Nay, friends.
No, there's enough motor mouthing going on here in the control room.
We don't need help from outside.
Because we've got to talk to you tonight about something very, very important.
We're talking about conservation of a natural resource, friends.
Yes.
My dear friends, when was the last time you had you a good old prairie squid, eh?
Yeah, prairie squid.
Now, what, what sort of evocations does that name bring up to you, friends?
Prairie squid.
It even makes my microphone pop.
Well, we're gonna, uh, probably half of our audience doesn't even know.
What, what is that?
Half of our audience has probably never seen what, well, it's, you left the airlock open.
Yeah, so, yeah, that's, that's what that is.
Oh, kill the airlock.
Yeah, well.
Okay.
Okay.
Friends, let me tell you something.
First off.
Let's get serious about this, doctor.
Number one. First of all.
The set deck two is not working.
And the, the ports on the starboard side are completely...
That's okay, yeah.
We're losing air fast, and we're gonna, we're gonna have to, we're gonna have to try to keep up with it, friends.
Well, I'll open up this big blue cylinder of church air over here, doctor.
Ah, yes, heavens.
Oh, now I feel considerably better.
Ah, yes.
Now, baby, this church air is really...
Oh, yes, praise God, I feel that church air now.
Yeah.
Dude, you feel it.
Friends, can you feel it out there in the radio audience?
I bet you can.
I bet you can.
Yeah.
If you can't reach out and feel it, friends.
And if you can't reach down and feel it, then you're gonna, and then you probably don't even know what a prairie squid is.
You probably don't even care what one tastes like.
When you were, when you, now, I know about half our audience, Dr. Gordon, probably unders, probably remember when they were teenage boys and girls out in the, you know, west Texas or wherever they're from.
Going out in the fields and taking off their clothes and spreading some prairie squid bait all over, you know.
Yes, yeah.
What did you used to use for, I used jelly mostly.
Yeah, I found...
Honey, whatever I could steal from my folks.
Peanut butter with bananas in it worked real well.
Yeah.
Yeah, I found that with...
And those...
Excuse me, I'm still decompressing from all that traveling, doctor.
Those squids, would they be crawling out of the woodwork?
Yes, indeed.
Out of the brush?
Out of the weeds, so to speak.

You just lay there and wait for them.
And there you were.
And be quiet, because you'd scare them away.
Yeah, you had to be quiet.
They're very...
And you know, it's just, just to give you an example, it's just like, do you remember back when you were a kid, there were all those thousands of those little cute horny toads around?
And why do you think they called them horny toads, friends?
Yeah, because they, they counter exist, you know.
They're part of a symbiotic relationship with that favorite outdoor mollusk of ours.
Yes, and dare we say the name again?
The mighty prairie squid.
Prairie squid, yes.
Oh, yes.
And of course, as you know, Dr. Stang, I have just come back from a fact-finding tour through the Amazonas regions of Brazil.
Yes, friends, just to fill you in exactly on what's going on here, we have as our special guest tonight, Dr. G. Gordon Gordon.
Yes, indeed.
The erstwhile head of the Green Hill-Dobstown encampment, and now commandant of Dobstown II in, just outside Rio de Janeiro.
Yes, friends, right on the coast where the surf is high and so is everybody else usually.
And, uh, friends, you know, and this, what you're listening to, dear friends, is the hour of slack on KNON 90.9 in Dallas, Texas.
Now that the uranium has warmed up, the airlock leak has been stopped, I think it's about time we launched this show, doctor.
Ah, I can feel that, the mighty thrust of that show lifting.
It's lifting us up higher and higher.
That thrust, yeah.
As Dr. Mothersbaugh's beautiful hymn, the Bobcata, plays in the background.
And maybe if I hit this tape deck hard enough.
Hit it hard. Here, wait a minute. Let me shoot it for you, doctor. Just hold on.
Please do.
Huh!
That do any good? I don't think so.
Felt good to me.
Yeah.
Well, look, why don't we just, um.
Let's kill that deck.
Why don't we just throw it away? Why don't we just throw it through the plate glass window?
Okay.
Hank, go ahead.
There it goes, friends.
And, yes, yes, yes.
Well, we're one tape deck short and four cards loose here, but.
But friends, this is, uh, we're gonna focus on an endangered species that probably, you know, half of you who weren't raised in the south probably don't even know what a prairie squid is.
And we might as.
Maybe we ought to identify, you know, just so people will know, who don't know what a prairie squid is, doctor, perhaps we ought to at first, sort of, as best we can define.
Our terms and say that a prairie squid is really.
It's a sort of a physical metaphor for a lot of things, and it's probably exactly what you think we're talking about.
Well, it's not a metaphor.
It's a, it's an endangered species.
Yes, I know.
That used to live on prairies.
And the fact that most of these callers don't even know what a prairie squid is.
Well, they don't even know what a prairie is.
It's all been covered up with.
Most of them.
Los Colinas.
Yeah, that's right.
And all that kind of stuff, right?
Yeah.
Well.
Throw this.
Yeah, but at the same time, it is a metaphor for existence, Doug.
The very struggle of.
Who's Doug?
Of the prairie squid.
Doug, the guy over there.
The struggle, the struggle of the poor.
Now, friends, you know, you do see prairie squids nowadays.
You can go to the supermarket.
Yeah.
And buy a dead cellophane wrapped.
Plucked.
Shaved prairie squid.
Yeah.
I mean.
It's shocking.
It's shocking.
To us, to us old timers.
I mean, most of you, you, you.
That's the only way you're ever going to see it.
They've never seen them alive.
I know.
And a lot of people don't even know that they are actually a wild animal.
And friends, that's such a waste because frankly, frankly, what the prairie squid is best used for is the sexual act.
Yes.
Sexual congress.
And I, I'm, you know, I, I know this may, we don't want to offend any radio.
But it's a, it's a, it's a well-known fact, Dr. Stang.
Yeah.
I mean, you can look in the encyclopedia under prairie squid.
Under prairie, under squid sub prairie.
Or subgenius.
Yes.
And it'll say, see, subgenius, see prairie squid.
Exactly.
And, and, you know, yes, it is.
That's its best use.
And some people might find that offensive.
But they're the people that don't like to think about things like that because sometimes they're not sure how to do things like that.
Or they're afraid that somebody will laugh at them if they said that they did something like that.
That they, they had them a prairie squid or two.
Oh, most of them think the prairie squid is a myth.
Oh, yeah.
They get real embarrassed if you talk about a prairie squid in, in polite society.
The polished ears of the rationalists.
Yes, oh, yes, yes.
The modernist, the so-called.
The politically correct ears of the various groups.
Humanistic.
Yes.
You know, if they were humanists, if they were really concerned about humanity, they'd, they'd free the prairie squid prisoners.
And they'd quit killing prairie squids and making purses and shoes out of them.
Well, I mean, it's, it's, it's worse than, than killing whales for dog food, Reverend Stang.
I mean, if you think about it, I mean, at least, at least you're benefiting some canines who would otherwise not have anything else to eat.
But the very idea of killing and tanning prairie squid and turning them into purses and basketball shoes.
It's repellent, it's repellent to anyone who's really lived with nature.
Anyone who is really a nature-oriented person who's concerned about the environment would, would with, despite the stigma, despite the embarrassment.
They would be proud, Doctor.
They would be proud.
They would be proud.
Nay, they would find it their duty.
Bob born duty.
Duty, my dude.
Duty, yes.
To seek out that prairie squid and, and protect them.
And, and nurture.
I mean.
And nurture that prairie squid.
Oh, look at it.
We got a note here.
There's an anti-Bob person on line two.
It's probably somebody who doesn't like this show.
Probably doesn't like to think about prairie squid.
They probably don't.
Let's go ahead and give it a try, shall we?
Well, if they, if they've got nerve.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.

Oh, I'm.
Get, get that microphone out of your ear, Doctor.
Hello?
Oh.
Oh.
Close the airlock, Doctor.
Dear friend, can you hear us?
No.
Well, the poltergeists are back in the, in the board again, Doctor.
And I think that we're just.
Dear friend, are you out there?
They're blinking.
They're sorta.
Oh, yes.
Well, the show that, the show that no one can talk to.
That's Reverend Ivan Stang and his little brother, Dr. Stang.
I say hi to all of you.
Do you all know each other?


Okay.
Well, Mr. Stang knows Allstate.
He knows Mr. Stang so good by now.


I mean, so much people in the middle of New York, right?

Mm, yeah.

But I think we've been through quite a bit since don't think you've been through
as much as you've been doing the other show next week.
We've covered anything, everybody, they've covered the week.
The major show Frank Howell now had probably been dondied.
There was one of the malice fires in thewright's home tonight.
Of course.
That's his spring break, that one.
There was a whole, big fire.
anti-Bob. They all want to be.
There's a common psychosis. There's
anti-Messiah complex.
Well, that's the only way you see it. If you get
your name in the paper as an anti-Messiah,
it's in the same size type as
if you were the Messiah, you know?
They link you to the Messiah
by being... I mean, guys that are saying
they're anti-Bob's, they're just saying that
so they can have their name linked with
Bob. You understand?
Exactly. It's a hate-love
relationship. They know they can't...
They aren't good enough to be Bob
or to even serve Bob right.
And they're mostly anti-squid
people. You know, you see them at these
squid suppression rallies.
Yeah, and no right
to squid.
Burning records.
Trying to stamp out prairie squid.
And those are the same kind of intolerant
people who the only way they can react
to something is to kill them.
If they don't understand it,
they kill it.
And if they can't eat it, they make socks or shoes
or something like that out of it.
There's people out there that would kill a Playboy magazine
if they saw it crawling around through the bushes
like a prairie squid.
And since they're good for the same things...
Well, except that, of course,
a Playboy magazine is by no means
a prairie squid, Dr. Stang.
I'm sure that you and I know
that perhaps a Playboy magazine
might be employed with a prairie squid,
but certainly no such thing.
Man, I've never needed a play... anything besides
just the squid. The squid itself is all it really means.
Friends, a prairie squid, it's like
a snail without a shell.
A really large, about a foot long,
they've got a light...
they're differing variations
of color of hair and how much hair
and how curly it is.
Yeah, and where it's distributed
and whether they're an elongated squid
or a small, squamous, flattened-out squid.
And just as a snail
is like one just...
it's a pseudopod, it's a big foot.
A prairie squid, friends,
is a huge, erogenous zone.
That's all it is.
A mobile erogenous zone.
And we're not talking about one of them
camper conversion kits either.
That's right, and this is not...
this isn't some chauvinistic thing,
because I know a lot of country girls out there
know what we're talking about,
because a prairie squid...
Well, it interfaces both ways, right, Doctor?
I mean, that's the beauty.
Without expensive interfaces,
you can plug right into these amazing new pets.
I mean, you don't need attachments or rubber washers
or anything like that with a...
it just one serves the entire family.
And back in the old pioneer days,
when they first came across this prairie
from little towns up the...
It was a family thing.
Yeah, sure, you had the little prairie squid cage
right there on the back of the covered wagon.
Everybody had them.
I mean, you nurtured them.
And now they're almost extinct.
Now you could cruise Turtle Creek
from one end to the other
and never find...
never find an ambulating prairie squid.
About five years ago,
I saw the first wild prairie squid
I'd seen since my childhood
running around near Glen Rose, Texas,
near the power plant.
So...
Well, who knows?
Maybe they'll be real big, glowing prairie squids
Yeah, that's true.
Maybe they'll be mutated prairie squids, you know?
I mean, other things are changing fast
and people's social habits are changing.
And perhaps one day, Doctor,
perhaps one day,
the squid will...
The squid, if Dobbs is willing,
will return in all of its glory.
After Bob comes again.
And the squid will.
The... yes, friends.
Yes, after Bob comes the squid.
But I think...
I think now it's...
it's time for a phone call.
We'll go ahead and take a phone call here, friends.
We're not going to answer.
Line one.
Rue Mouse, call Johnny Normal's conference line.
And you guys let her talk or she's nice.
Let her talk or she's nice.
Okay, we'll be nice if you talk.
Yes, that's right.
Oh, there she is right now.
All right, let's see what she has to say.
Go ahead.
You don't even know why Rue Mouse...
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
I'm sick.
I come in peace and this happens every damn time
you put me on the defensive.
Well, first of all, you're not supposed to say damn.
So let's go...
Let's start over.
Let's say, hello, you're up down to...
Hey, wait, wait, wait.
Uh...
Okay, here's the chance.
This is your chance if you blow this.
Okay, I want you to know...
Forever.
I want you to know that you're all on tape
as violating the FCC rules,
so don't be sending people out after me.
I've got tape on you.
Nothing's going to come back on you.
Ding-dongs, but...
Nothing will happen to me.
Watch it.
You self-righteous hypocrite.
I am the head of Hestel.
My father is Had Urter.
Well, I'm not a...
I'm not a self-defiling hypocrite.
I'm a surfer.
You know, that's what I am.
But I don't want to get into that.
Let's go to...
Only three more minutes.
I'm sorry that that neurotic woman got on the air,
but you know what happens sometimes.
They get past our...
By all means, let's...
We're sorry.
We're sorry.
I just can't believe someone would call in
and have the nerve to say things like that
about Prairie Squid.
I know, and not only that,
but they call somebody else's show...
I know.
...using our airtime.
Using...
And our area code, for that matter.
That show that dare not speak its name...
You can bet it's going to be charged to K-N-O-N.
...in Berkeley out in California.
Oh, they're hip out there in California.
Oh, yeah, but they...
They're so hip, they've got...
Oh, they've got their crack, so to speak.
Yes, yes.
Their drugs and their wild sex.
Oh.
But have you ever heard a person
from one of these hot tubbers
talking about a Prairie Squid, friends?
No, you never have, never.
They don't know anything.
You haven't heard about those...
They don't even know...
They've never heard of it.
Those organic boys with their avocado dips and everything.
They're city folks.
Yeah, they don't know about Prairie Squid.
Oh, they don't know.
They know everything.
They know everything.
But they don't know that.
And if you told them,
if you tried to tell them about it,
they'd think, oh, how quaint.
He's talking with his southern accent.
How folksy that...
Oh, he must...
He must be near to the earth or something.
Yes.
Yes, yes.
But I'm an artist.
I don't have to lower myself to those...
to those demeaning...
I'm involved with such incredibly cerebral machinations
over the politically correct aspect of my art
and how it applies to Prairie Squid.
Yes, I'm not obsessed with...
Prairie Squid, that I don't really have to think
about the humorous side of these things.
If there is a humorous side, because I'm serious.
I'm from California.
I don't have to do veiled juvenile humor,
guising as some sort of highfalutin,
environmental concern citizen satire.
Yes.
I'm not that kind of person.
Oh, no, no, no.
Of course not.
That's what they'll tell you every time.
Yeah, that's the line they'll spring on you.
The sophisticated line.
The conspiracy is...
Their bourgeois line.
The conspiracy is insidious,
friends.
Incredibly, they make you want what they have.
And they make you feel stupid because you haven't got it.
Yeah, and they make you think it's better than what you already have.
That way, once they get your attention directed at what they have,
they can get your slack.
Your slack, friends.
That's right.
And you're a Prairie Squid, too.
And as long as you're the kind of person that can still...
You know, if you can find one,
you can go out in the woods and have a short relationship,
with one of these harmless animals...
Or a long relationship.
I mean, you know, like, it's not...
There's no limited time.
The tantric sex magicians in India and the ancient cultures of the Earth have known of...
I mean, these creatures are not just common to the continental U.S.
That's right.
And Reverend Stang, I don't know if you know it or not,
but in Tibet, they breed in the temples a special variety.
Oh, the fattened special prairie...
The special prairie squid.
The soft squid, they call it.
Yeah, it's the one that the Dalai Lama has.
Uh-huh.
And they still breed them there.
Those things eat...
And they have to ship them out to India, where the Dalai Lama is now.
You know, the Chinese let them, because...
They're better fed than almost anyone in Tibet.
They're better fed than...
Any human being.
They're better fed than most of Tibet put together.
And, uh...
And, friends, when you become a member of the Church of the Subgenius,
you become eligible.
Yes.
Eligible, friends.
We'll give you your very own prairie squid direction and survival package.
Give yourself to the feeling, friends.
Remember to write for information.
We don't want...
We don't want you to send money.
We want you to send your whole wallet.
That's right.
You can take the money out.
Just send us the rest, especially those...
Those little pictures that you keep in the secret compartment that you don't show anybody.
We'll take the credit cards and things, too.
Well, we'll take those.
But those little pictures that no one else knows about, that's what...
The Bob already knows about those.
And we can judge just how...
How...
How highly to rank you in the great hierarchy of this church.
And Bob collects them, too, we might add.
And the better ones...
The better the pictures...
The better the pictures that come out of that little tiny secret embarrassing compartment in your wallet,
the higher up the rungs you move.
Yes, friends.
And we also found that one person who sent his wallet in had a picture of a prairie squid in it and didn't even know what it was.
He thought it was some curious...
He thought it was some curious little life form or a blow-up of a bacteria or something.
And he'd been carrying it around for years because he felt it gave him good luck.
And it did.
It did.
It gave him incredible good luck because it brought him to Bob.
And you see that just a picture of a little thing like a prairie squid can set you on the right path.
It'll put you right.
The path to Dobbs and salvation.
Praise Bob.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you, friend.
And, you know, if you could just let go of those hang-ups that have kept you tied down, friends, you could...
Shackled by your own insecurities, as they might say, Reverend Stang.
Your ignorance.
Your pathetic ignorance.
Your pathetic pink ignorance is what it is.
Your ignorance of the subgenius P.O. box number which we were about to forget to give.
Oh, can we do that?
You bet we can.
We have to.
Oh, well, in that case...
Bob said we had to party.
Yes, well, that box number...
Friends, why are you sitting there listening to this radio show?
Why aren't you out partying?
Bob said to party.
Party.
Party.
Bob said you had to party.
He didn't say you could.
You had to party.
You better party.
He didn't say you might if you felt like it.
Yes, indeed, friends.
He said to get out there.
Where's that right...
Where's that dirt?
We want Bob says to get out there and do it.
Bob says find the squid.
Yes, friends.
Let's bring those squids back.
Well, well, well, in the meantime, we'll just step back into the real world.
Someone said to Barry McGuire, he said, all you Christians, you're all the same.
You've all been brainwashed.
And Barry thought for a moment, he said, yes, that's true, but you sinners have been brainwashed
also.
The only difference between you sinners and us Christians is that us Christians, we have
chosen to wash our brains.
That's a little rough.
And that doesn't sound too good to the polished ears of the liberals and the modernists.
So they soften it down, you see.
And of course, they would read that verse, let God be true in every man, be an untruth
in a measure to a degree by chance, in my opinion, they'd say.
Yeah, let's soften that because somebody might get offended.
Yeah.
But the Bible says, let God be true.
And let every man be a liar.
Let God be true and yourادashd missed that.
So I think that's true in every sense of the word.

Yeah, and I don't think we'll ever be Когда I come to words that are intended
to be natural and illogical or just tan but I think they say in軍овеч.

I say productively common ground fuerte.

C survive it to them not the luus but the luus is the luus and we are the.
but expulse by his friend ing eating dirty
things.
You're crazy.
You know what my name is.
I think I had one.
religion and that old-time constitution
it's been 1984 since 1953 friends that's right that was probably the last time
your parents let you told you about the Perry squid after that you know there
was a law yeah that you weren't even allowed to talk about it and until same
law they Edgar Hoover passed on there was a lot there's a law friends on the
books that says it says this no subgenious can do anything at once now
is this a free country Yes repressive I mean it is they they talk Oh America
home of the free land of the brave right sure brave enough to are they brave
enough to talk about prairie squid oh no , no
and they talk about prairie squid and remember they use the language of the
Can they talk about those two dogs we know of?
Oh, no, no.
Can't talk about them either.
But, you know, and they're saying, oh, well, it's a land where we have free discussions.
It's a democracy.
But you can only launch a bleeding head of Arnold Palmer on a Thursday night, they say.
And not if it's a public holiday.
Yeah, a golfer head can only be launched on Thursdays in your own, you know, in the home of a consenting person.
You can't just go next door to your neighbors and launch a head if you feel like it.
And, Dobbs, forbid you launch a head in public, like downtown on the main square or something like that.
And, North Little Rock, you find yourself in trouble with the county law, boy.
Yeah, you can tell them, oh, but officer, like Doctors for Bob did, you can say, oh, officer, but I'm a bold surrealist, sir.
I'm a bold surrealist.
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, we got bold surrealists.
We got 40 men hanging from telephone poles up in Tucker that like to sing.
Say they were bold surrealists.
Yes, friends.
Yeah, they, oh, they'll launch every kind of head.
They'll launch a sneed head.
Oh, yeah, they'll launch a Trevino forearm if you aren't careful.
Wearing big green straps the whole time.
The whole time, friends.
Friends, I want you to listen to this tape, and I want you to meditate.
Meditate on this message tape.
Close your eyes and think about Prairie Squid and listen to this tape.
That's true.
They did, but the head moved up or down.
And I can recall not too long ago.
Not too long ago, my father said to me, while playing around at home, you're moving your head.
And I said, I don't think so.
I said, I'm keeping my eye on the ball.
And he said, well, you're keeping your eye on the ball, yes, but your head is moving up and down,
which I had worked into this unconsciously.
See, Arnold Palmer unconsciously knew that his head had to be launched.
Yeah.
But that's not the real.
That's not the Arnold Palmer that you're thinking of, friends.
No, no, no.
It's not the guy that drives a tractor.
Uh-uh, uh-uh.
No.
No, it's not the guy who sells, you know, oil-based petroleum products.
This is the.
Oh, forget it.
You don't even want to.
There's no way they can.
There's no way they can understand it.
They really couldn't.
Just write to that box number.
Yeah, that box number, friends, for the Church of the Subgenius.
And we'll send you plenty of information about Prairie Squids, golfer head launch-ins, slack, slack, how to make.
And Reverend Stang.
Sex.
All the time.
Yeah, the good sex for mutants dating league, I believe, you know.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah, that's another church service.
It's been a while since.
Yeah, since Buck sold the good sex for mutants dating league.
Well, he had to.
He was just getting worn out.
You know what he sold it for?
It was getting worn out.
It was wearing him out.
But you know what he sold it for?
All them hot mutants coming.
You know what he sold the franchise for?
No, what did he sell the franchise for?
A bottle of Ripple.
Well, that seems to be value received for value given, if you ask me, Doug.
That's right to P.O.
Box 14.
303-806 in Dallas, Texas.
7-5-2-1-4.
You can get information, and you don't have to send money.
You'll get lots of printed information.
It'll tell you where to write the good sex for mutants in Salt Lake City.
We'll send you the little maps of the known existing prairie squid wildlife refuges in your area,
if there are any, if you're fortunate enough to live in a part of the country where there are still a few of these,
precious creatures left.
Where they're still legal.
Yeah.
Well, they're not really.
Oh, Dr. Dool, you just got back from the mutant beauty contest at the Good Sex for Mutants.
Yeah, I was one of the judges at the Good Sex for Mutants Dating League first annual beauty contest in Salt Lake City just 10 days ago, Reverend Stang.
Those lovely, how were those lovely and disgusting subgenius mutants, Dr. Dool?
They were some of the most beautifully disgusting mutated sickly creatures that I have ever seen.
Beautiful mutants.
Yeah.
And there was actually a close runner up.
She was voted Miss, well, we think she was voted Miss Congeniality, was actually a mutated variation of prairie squid.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
And it was the biggest, the biggest prairie squid that I have ever seen.
I say it was about 110 pound prairie squid.
And friends, if you just tuned in late, if you just tuned in late, you're listening to the Hour of Slack on KNON 90.9 FM.
In Dallas, Texas.
The vocal organ, so to speak, of the church of the subgenius.
And we are serious.
You really can write to us at, get that pencil, P.O. Box 14-0306 here in Dallas, 75214.
And we'll tell you about that Good Sex for Mutants League.
It really is a dating service for mutants.
For mutants.
You know, various minority cults like the Christians have their own special dating service.
God, I love that.
I forgot to bring the questionnaire for that.
I was going to read it over.
It is hilarious.
But, and so we've got our own mutant dating service, friends.
Get that pencil, P.O. Box 14-0306 here in Dallas, 75214.
And we'll tell you about that Good Sex for Mutants League.
It really is a dating service for mutants.
For mutants.
You know, various minority cults like the Christians have their own special dating service.
God, I forgot to bring the question.
Get that pencil, P.O. Box 14-0306 here in Dallas, 75214.
And we'll tell you about that Good Sex for Mutants League.
It really is a dating service for mutants.
For mutants.
It really is a church for people who the only thing they have in common is that they have nothing in common with the conspiracy, friends.
That's right.

And you know about the conspiracy.
And if you don't, then you're not a subgenius.
Why don't you?
That's why.
That's it.
That's it.
And they want, oh, half of them out there that send us their, you know, membership.
That's right.



That's their love offering and get the magazines and the tapes and so forth.
They, half of them out there aren't really subgeni at all.
Listen to those phones.
They're pathetically trying to reach us.
They have things they have to tell us.
They want to be healed.
They want to, they hate us.
They want to kill us.
They want to love us.
They want to ask us how we do it.
And mostly they want us to loan them money, which is.
And they want us to shut up about Prairie Squid because they're embarrassed.
We're not going to.
Oh, they turn so red.
Because this is the Prairie Squid show tonight.
We're dedicating.
We are taking this valuable church time to inform you about this very, very, very clear
and present danger.
That is to say the extinction of the Prairie Squid.
Please stop.
Please stop.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
This is Li Li Jing, the Chinese subgenius.
And you are listening to the Hour of Slack on KNON.
And that is Texas.
Oh, yes, it's so true.
Thank you, Li Jing.
I got a call from China just this morning, the high priestess of all Asia.
You know, when friends, if you had joined up, if you'd been the first person on your
continent to join up with the church, you'd be the pope of this continent.
I know they.
Dr. G. Gordon Gordon here.
I am the pope of South America.
The entire continent of South America.
It's mine.
When those soul are the harvest friends.
When we start collecting the harvest.














The harvest.
The harvest.
We're going to start collecting the harvest.
We're going to start collecting the harvest.

We're going to start collecting the harvest.




You know who's going to get the skim, to skim that fine, fine layer off the top out of the
soul rendering vat, don't you friend?
Oh, and they're trying to keep them from selling any kind of soul down there nowadays.
Oh, yeah, they don't.
It used to be in the old days you couldn't give it away, and now it's against the law
to sell it, so what are you going to do?
And all the religions want to have your soul, friends.
Bob wants your soul, but just temporarily.
He'll give it back after he's taken the squeezings.
And he only uses it a little bit while he's got it, friends.
That's something to think about.
He doesn't dry you out.
That's right.
Friends, as Janer Hypercletes, the trance spouter of all time,
Janer Hypercletes in Little Rock, Arkansas, once said,
they said my mind was in this jar, and then they poured it down a sink.
I want you to think about that, friends.
Dr. Gordon, shall we go to the Swingin' Love Corpses?
This isn't their brand-new album that just came out.
It does have a beautiful song about prairie squid right in the middle of it somewhere.
I just remember exactly which.
Why don't we go ahead and roll that, and I've got the small prairie squid right here,
and we'll tickle it a little while the music's playing.
Oh, yes.
This is the Swingin' Love Corpses, friends.
Dr. Philo Tramadonko.
Poor crazy body.
Now I know how she suffered.
She couldn't stop blue to take root.
Now I know how she suffered.
She just couldn't stop blue to take root.
Crazy body.
Poor crazy body.
She just couldn't stop it.
Now I know how she suffered.
Now I know how she suffered.
Poor crazy body.
She couldn't stop blue to take root.
She couldn't stop blue to take root.
Blue.
Blue.






Sarkomeres.
You're crazy Bobby!
You're crazy Bobby!
Sarkomeres.
You're crazy Bobby!



Sarkomeres.
You're crazy Bobby!
So, as the sarcomeres contract,
thin filaments from the opposite ends of a sarcomere,
that is, filaments extending from different Z-disks,
meet at the center of the sarcomere
when it's about two micrometers long.
As the sarcomere contracts further,
thin filaments from different Z-disks
begin to overlap within the lattice of thick filaments.
The latticework of filaments
becomes crowded in such a double overlap state.
And the sarcomere expands laterally.
Its cylindrical shape increases in girth.
This lateral expansion
stretches the Z-disks and other lateral structures.
You've got to see this guy for what he is!
He's a maniac!
Out to rule the world!
What can I do to make you understand him?
I love you!
Goodbye Iceman!
Goodbye Iceman!
Goodbye Iceman!
No!
I want that money you owe me!
I want that money you owe me!
He's a maniac!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
...stores the energy of systolic contraction.
There is now increasing evidence
that the connective tissues
surrounding the individual muscle cells
as well as the tissue linking the cells
also plays a role.
And I think that about sums up how the prairie squid actually moves, Doctor.
I'm sure, I'm very sure that our audience has been finally, finally so glad to know,
or at least feel like they can go out into the street and feel cool again.
Knowing about, you know, how they work, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what it's all about.
Chicago's youngest mother, an unnamed girl,
at the age of 10 years and 8 months, gave birth naturally in Chicago.
This is the second youngest in the United States when she was delivered of a 6-pound, 4-ounce girl.
Now, friends, you know, at the same time, he described it as pterodactyl-like.
It had a Brahma bull type of hump on the back, like a pelican's pouch at its throat,
and a 5- to 6-foot wingspan.
Not with feathers.
This was a reptilian thing.
And it was seen by a paramedic who works for the Harlingen, Texas, emergency medical service.
Well, I was down there on the river, and a big bird came down, man.
It was tremendous.
Yes, big bird is back.
Probably hunting prairie squid along the edges of the Rio Grande River.
And, friends, somewhere at the edge of your mind is a sort of a tiny cluster of memories
that date back to human prehistory, to a time when every man, or in those days,
they weren't men.
Not men at all.
They were yetis.
Yes.
And the women, even the women, were yetis, too.
And in those days, friend, the prairie squid didn't have to live among horny toads to stay stimulated.
It was able to, let us say, converse physically with the yetis at any time that they wished.
You know, the yetis, friends, your ancestors, those of you who are true subgeniuses.
Except for that one variety of self-stimulating prairie squid.
The squid, doctor, which, as you know, became extinct in the late devouring period, I think it was.
Yeah, well, that was, there was, yeah, but that was long after the yetis were extinct themselves.
And that's probably what killed them off.
I'm holding in my hand here a book titled Things You Never Knew Existed.
A very forthright compendium, friends, one might say.
And right here on page 44, there it is.
Squid, comma.
Prairie.
And there is an entire summation.
Now, you can get this information on this prairie squid by merely writing to the Church of the Subgenius.
That's right, friend.
And if Reverend Stang would be so kind as to give him that sacred box number really quick one more time,
and I believe we'll, uh, we might get a guest telephone caller as their lights are still, well, no, it looks like he's drifted off again, doctor.
Oh, we'll, we'll get one.
We'll get one.
Friends, that address to write to for more information about J.R. Bob Dobbs,
the only, only...
The only individual who could save your soul and then give it back to you again.
That address for Bob is Subgenius Foundation, P.O. Box 140306, dear friend, in Dallas, Texas, 75214.
And, uh, oh, friends, you don't know what, you don't know what, what could be coming your way in the mail
once you sign up with this amazing...



...amazing church with your free information.
Uh, you can find out the inside story on not, not just things like Prairie Squid.
You can find out why you've been losing at the races and how to start winning again.
How come you didn't get that big raise at your conspiracy job that you're nailed to?
How come that special date with her didn't work out?
And remember that first time you found you couldn't do it for the second time?
Yes, friends.
That's the only, almost as scary as...
...the second time.

...the second time you find that you can't do it for the first time.
It's scary, friends.
It's a scary, scary world out there.
People...
You won't have...
...waiting to see what you can do.
You won't have these problems if you just let Bob solve them for you.
Get right with Dobbs.
Get right with...
Let Bob into your life, friends.
Let Bob into your heart.
You need Bob.
You have to have Bob.
You have to have him.
You better have him.
You know you want it.
Because I'll tell you, friends, when those...
You have to have it.
Because when those end times come down...
...if you're not right with Bob, you're gonna fry.
And you'll probably deserve it.
You will deserve it.
You'll wish you could die, friends.
You'll wish you could die.
But Bobby...
But it'll be worse.
Oh, Bobby, he won't let you.
He won't let you die.
You'll be going, Bob, kill me.
Give me a car right here.
Please, Bob.
You didn't tell me the end times was gonna be worse than a Sidney Sheldon miniseries on TV.
Friends, we're gonna take that caller right now.
Where are we gonna take her to?
...continues to be shaken under the...
...these conditions.
...squick.
It's squid.
It's been a long time since we were trapped by a squid.
That's a squid ick for the uninitiated.
Yes, this is a show that continues to be trapped by the tiny callers.
An icky squid is a sticky squid.
You call in, we are forced to listen to you.
...at the academy.
That's right, an icky squid is one that's actually...
And if you were just to call...
...the icktheist, what is an icktheologist?
If you're awake, it won't make any sense.
It's a giant icktheosaur.
No, you're asleep right now, and this is the ugly show.
Is that a squid, or is that an icktheosaur?
...all over northern central California at this hour.
And even people in the building refuse to listen to him.
Well, let's hear what that other caller has to say.
Okay.
Oh, he's calling another caller.
He's calling another caller.
It's a chain reaction.
Call callers and find out what they have to say.
The last person who broke the chain, something terrible happened.
So don't do it.
Do what it says and call the next caller.
Call a caller now.
The last caller disintegrated two U-quarks, a D-quark, and three pi-bases.
Now, you can't...
Go ahead, go ahead.
We let you speak.
You're reading.
I'll tell you.
I'll tell you.
I'll tell you.
All them free-clothers just pick up the phone and dial in.
They've been called.
There you go.
See?
Yeah.
Somebody don't tell us.
Tell us about your basketball game down there at Santa Fe School.
Squid.
Tell us about that.
Icky squid.
They talk about squid.
They talk about squid out there.
Yeah, they can talk.
They like to act like people who know what a prairie squid is.
But anybody who called in icky squid...
Because they heard about it for months, frankly.
Yeah, of course.
I'll just throw these little wellmen down there.
Yeah.
Yes, that was one of the Hour of Slack shows out there.
Actually, that one's not...
That predates the Hour of Slack.
That's the...
That's the pre-Hour of Slack show, isn't it?
More than an hour, less than a show.
Yes.
It's kind of a cut show, if you know what I mean.
But there's also...
We just...
Just last week, a new Hour of Slack started up in Boston
at the radio station with the MIT campus.
They're praising Bob, Dr. Bleepo Abernathy,
and Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger of the Church of Mr. Science.
Some of you out there are lucky enough to be in correspondence
with these individuals.
And we'll be playing some of their variation.
It's different.
It's a Yankee kind of thing.
But up in Boston, you know, they're a wild bunch.
There's some subgeni up there.
Feisty.
They're dangerous up there, Doctor.
They have to be because the audience is in Boston.
I have stood in front of...
It was like the Alamo Friends,
that time at the Spit Club,
DeVival in Boston.
You know, we travel around and do DeVivals in other towns,
not Dallas.
Dallas, apparently,
isn't ready for...
They want to call us a comedy act.
An act.
A joke.
A joke, they said.
Uh-huh.
If that's an act,
then those five people who left that club spit in Boston
without any legs ought to get an Academy Award.
Yes, friends.
And, friends, I want you to think about...
Let's go to some...
I haven't played this version of one of Buck's songs
in a long time.
This is his own band.
Well, as Pastor Naked cannot be with us tonight,
I think it's only proper that we...
That we not play his version.
That we not play his version.
But, uh, Onans, and here...
Somewhere in here.
Ah, yes.
Ah, yes, friends.
Somewhere in here, the tapes are running backwards.
Bob's my friend, and he's leading me somewhere.
Is he waiting there for me?
Is he waiting for me?
Bob's my friend, and he's leading me somewhere.
What could be waiting there for me?
What could be waiting for me?
What could stop the aliens from killing me?
What could help me?
What could help me?
Ah!
Ah!
Bob can't help me.
He can help.
But will he?
Will he help me?
Bob's my inner guide, and he's leading my body.
He's even nice to my pets.
He's nice, he's nice to my pets.
Bob's that little voice.
He's not just a dream now.
He's not just a dream.
The mightiest guru yet.
The mightiest, the mightiest.
Bob is coming.
Bob is coming.
Bob's the alien from killing me.
He's getting there.
He's just technology.
Oh, yeah.
Bob can help me.
Oh, yeah.
But will he?
He'll help me.
He'll help me.
I have to pay a fee.
Dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy.
Bob's my friend.
Dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy, dodgy,
Vadgy, vadgy, godgy, bawdy, bowdy, Chatty, what we got, it's dobreiyet Awesome,
leading to someone.
Huh.
Well, help me, somebody.
That was Dr.
Praise God.
Praise Dr. Onan's Wotan Band.
Yes, indeed.
He's the youngest doctor out there from Knoxville, Tennessee.
And a true crib fisherman, too, Dr.
Yeah, he's a crib fisherman.
He'd be fishing out of some cribs, I tell you, Bob.
Yeah, looking for some prairies.
Yeah, he'd be a squid fisherman.
Well, they do have prairie squid in Tennessee
because there is sufficient prairie there, or at least open.
Well, they have those gulch squids, they call them.
Yeah, and they've got some of that delta squid down around New Orleans.
But I don't know about that delta squid.
It kind of tastes muddy.
That's my favorite kind, boy.
You like it with red beans and rice?
Yeah, after you use them, I'll only eat them after they've been used.
Well, they aren't even good.
That's right.
They're tough.
You've got to soften them up a bit.
You've got to tenderize them a little bit.
That's what the doctor would say.
Yes, oh, yes.
And vine squid.
So I'll tell you, this little famous piece of music is also by Dr. Onan.
I believe that's part of the Hour of Slack introduction at times, is it not?
Yeah, yeah, right.
He's got a new one on the way, a new digital Bob song.
See, everything's digital here.
We're not live.
That's why we can't take any calls.
This show has been entirely on.
Basically, you have to use the digits of your right or left hand to operate anything on this show.
That includes move the turntable.
You can't move the turntable around with your fingertips.
But we don't use turntables.
We only use broken tape decks here on the Hour of Slack.
And friends, praise Bob, a tape deck can be smashed to pieces.
But if it's needed for the Hour of Slack, it will.
Praise Bob, and best to have a frock zip you lobster.
Oh, yes.
Let's step into a quick moment from a subgenius revival.
This was the last one in L.A.
You were there as security, running security.
And Bob got shot again anyway.
Oh, yes.
But this time it was one of those dispensables.
Little Bobs.
Yes.
He was afraid to go out there.
He knew.
The guy that wore the Bob mask in L.A.
And it was a Bob mask.
I mean, Bob, the real Bob, wouldn't go in L.A. at the Alexandria Hotel.
Yeah, he certainly wouldn't be seen at the Alexandria Hotel.
That's for sure.
In fact, I didn't even want to be seen at the Alexandria.
In fact, nobody wanted to.
The only thing that was really seen was obscene.
And that was that obscene big dead rat that was in the Pope of New York's breakfast table or something like that.
I forget it.
That's the way Popes are.
They're treated in L.A., friends.
Last year.
Last year.
Oh, speaking of Popes in L.A., Doctor, before you play that, I think we ought to.
Most people don't know that the Pope of all Arkansas, who's on temporary combat duty in Los Angeles, reaffirmed his nuptials.
Yes, he did.
He did.
And he did it the subgenius way, too.
He had already gotten a short-duration marriage.
That's right.
From Pastor Naked.
He already had the paperwork.
He did have the paperwork.
He would have sanctified couplings, friends.
Yes, he did.
For the last few years.
But their short-duration marriage ran out.
And rather than send Buck any more money, they went to Las Vegas and had one of those parlor chapel, as Norm just told me to call it, a parlor chapel wedding.
Marriage parlor.
And when he left the chapel, this acolyte came running.
You know, it was one of those ten-minute ceremonies.
This guy actually had the gall to come running out going, sir, there's supposed to be a $25 tip, quote, tip, unquote.
And to which Pope Sterno threw down a dollar and said, sir.
Sir, kill me.
That's right.
But we should say congratulations to Pope Sterno and his faithful ubermatrix, that is to say, Miss Dottie.
That's right.
And they're creating more little yetis, friends.
Yes, sir.
They are further contaminating the gene pool.
Sterno's father, the way he became a subgenius was his father was one of the guys who had to stand on the Nevada desert and face nuclear tests from about half a mile away.
Wearing only goggles and a lead-shielded jockstrap.
Mm-hmm.
Duck and cover, baby.
You betcha.
But they weren't allowed to in those days.
And the result is thousands of subgenius children of those selfless servicemen who gave their genetic structure for nuclear dominance.
There you go.
And rather than, I was about to play that Hal song from the L.A. Devival, but I think instead we will, Dr. Dool, dare to play this live report from L.A.
Sterno, we're going to you now.
This is Dr. Sterno Docs.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.








Dr. Byron Verner of Famous Potatoes Organization in Los Angeles.
Can you hear us, Sterno?
Sterno?
Yep, that's them.
I'm having trouble.
I don't think they can hear us.
Sunset Boulevard is very second.
At this moment, using a peculiarly evolved set of ocular sensory mechanisms attached.
Bubba Gee.
The sensory.
Bubba Gee.
Accumulative mass of tissue.
Bubba Gee.

Bubba Gee.
Located in the upper meridian of our.
Bubba Gee.
Particularly alien.
Well, for actually, if I could turn down the right channel.
I don't really.

And there seems to be a woman crossing the street with a skirt which is much, much out of the limits of.
That sounds like Los Angeles, all right.
Appreciative.
Better check in that purse.
I'm going to go get a new one.





This might be a snapping turtle in there.
Why would, why would she.
Yeah, why would she.
A snapping turtle, did he say, Doctor?
That's the thing, Doug.
Hey, watch out for the coodles.
About going into these lesbian snapping turtle bars.
Lesbian coodle bars, we call them.
We told Doug about them yesterday, but it's not the same thing anymore.
The other day.
Famous Doug.
That's another, that's another place, friends.
Yes.
That's another place.
It's not the same thing anymore.
Where you can get those, those prairie squid drinks.
You can actually get prairie squid drinks.
Yeah, they put them in a blender.
They put them in a blender with, with, with protein powder and just, and just turn them
into a really thick, it's kind of like a daiquiri in, in, in texture.
But it's not the real prairie squid though.
It's the flash frozen stuff.
I mean, nobody, nobody does it with a live prairie squid.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Well, dear friends, it's time for a moment of serenity and melody.
Yes, if you'll turn to page five, you'll see a little bit of the original.
I'm going to lead you in the hymn, which we call Bob is my story.
This is a hymn which is usually performed in moments of extreme stress and such I judge
this to be.
It's very easy and you can support me on the second verse and the chorus if you choose.
So we'll sing Bob is my story.
Page five.
I saw a light in the dark.




A man with a pipe and a grin.
All in the new morning light.
Smiling at me like a madman till he made me uptight.
I told him don't bother me anymore.
But he kept on just the same.
Till I was totally brainwashed.
Bob is his name.
This is the chorus.
He is my story.
Bob is my song.
Bob my amphetamine.
All the day long.
I won't tear my poster of dogs down.
I'll feel no sadness or shame.
Till I rejoin him in Dogstown.
Bob is his name.
He has no lack of his patented slack for those of his following fold.
He is the friend of whoever will send green bags or gold.
He's growing stronger and stronger.
But he keeps redder than flame.
I'll be a pink boy no longer.
Bob is his name.
Bob is my story.
Bob is your story, friends.
And Bob is your fame.
Bob is the glands that keep you feeling the way you do.
Keep your squid juices pumping.
Bob.
Well, that's all by the old digital counter on the wall, Reverend Stang.
Yes, we're coming down.
We got three minutes left.
Three minutes of slack time, friends.
And I could play some burbling background noise.
Or I could play the official sign-off tunes and so forth.
Well, we could just talk for another three minutes.
Easily.
Easily.
Easily, yeah.
We could talk for another three hours, friends.
Or three days, if that's what it takes to get you to write to that sacred post office box.
You've been hearing the learned old scholars of the Church of the Subgenius Society tonight.
That's right.
And learned we are in the dark knowledge and forbidden sciences of time control.
Slack extraction.
And the arcane secrets of the prairie squid.
Friends, are you going to put up with what the gland owners are laying down on you?
I want you to either stand up or shut up, baby.
That's right.
Praise Bob.
You've got to hip out to it or die trying not to.
Or just kill me.
That's right.
But, Dr. Gordon, I am going to use this last two minutes to play something I always mean to play and rarely do.
And that's the credits for the hour of slack.
Yeah.
You've got all of these people working on the show.
The only money those people get is the credits.
That's all they'll get.
Maybe you ought to roll them once in a while, Reverend Stang.
That's right.
Roll those credits.
The problem is they're an hour and a half long.
So, friends, Norm Ward and the Monday Morning Creatures will shut off this tape at the proper allotted time.
Praise Bob or kill me.
Help me, somebody.
My legs are on fire.
She ain't got no legs.
Pull the lever.
Down you go.
The voices.
Tapes.
Music.
The TV you've been listening to come from Lepo Abernathy.
Buck, Naked, and the Jaybirds.
Dr. Odan Canobites.
Show's right up on the green lines, Dr. G. Gordon.
Gordon, killer for Bob.
Help me, somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
Doctors for Bob.
Dr. Philo Drummond, overman, first degree.
Reverend Cleve Donut Duncan.
Dr. Snavely Eklund.
Can I stay on radio the easy way?
Yeah, we're allocating to you.
We're heading out of here.
This is the tape.
Now that you have paradigm perspective, let's move on to the shift in paradigm.
This is Dr. Ahmed Fishmar.
This is Glass Madness.
This is Dr. Chris Brooks.
This is Hell's Mommy Satellite Weavers.
This is compatible with all religions.
And this is Negative Land.
These are those fantastic swinging love corpses.
These are doctors for dinosaurs.
These are doctors for Wotans.
These are doctors for cats.
This is Gary Gubrog, friend.
This is Saint J'Nor, I believe.
The unmistakable.
This is Arch Pope Sternodon.
This is Dr. John.
Tell all Bob dogs to sell.
Help me, somebody.
This is DK Jones.
I love Pubs.
This is Ricky Jones.



And this is Sears.
And this is Unt Carnival.
And now the best podcast ever.
And your company hardly ever gets any customers.

And this is Clayен, from Petty Fun, the best dog company ever.
Thank you.
when you think about Pat he will when you take him to your showers, you met me as a
sweet now you're sasay welfare with your restless manifestation family بعد

Tom
Bob
stayed
we
are
just about
I don't know.
This mic doesn't work.
Turn on the machine.
This is Radio Yerevan.
My name is Franz Ivanovich Hagen.
And this is the news.
Wake up, puppet boy.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I have bump luggage!
No trouble.
Just get set and get going.
Amen.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Chapter 13.
