So it begins.
It's coming. It's coming.
In your most terrible nightmares, you don't see the terror and shock that you'll see in the greatest collection of
women, totally nude, on screen, engaged in every conceivable activity.
A double dose of hell.
You will feel it around you.
One moment of bliss, a lifetime of regret.
Wake up, America.
Who can save the universe?
Against the space dolls with steel teeth.
Never in the field of human conflict has there been a more explosive, concentrated sin.
Projected on a totally white screen.
Reckoning you inside to a new dimension of experience.
Contains explicit scenes depicting erotic practices which may be offensive to some adults.
Bring your boy themes.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to
the soul.
Genius Hour of Slack.
Here is your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
The sexiest man on Earth.
A young Adonis.
He forced them to fulfill his every desire.
But the man who will do anything finally does it all.
I wanted to kill the big boys in that drip joint.
I wanted to walk over there and just go, hey, man.
What's your problem?
No problem.
I was hating conspiracy.
You know, Debra was sitting next to us.
I was smelling of her.
And she smelled dope.
And blue flags.
We're party.
Come on, let's go.
Come on, let's go party.
Skin licking air.
Sly pants.
Come on, let's go.
Come on, let's go.
Shocking.
Grizzly.
Macabre.
Disgusting.
I'm going to try to avoid either sensationalizing or bringing undue glamor.
Or encourage.
Participation or curiosity.
In the subject of.
The Church of the Subgenius.
But by now, every one of you are familiar with what has been happening.
And you've heard on the news of the 14 bodies unearthed in shallow graves.
Places like Van or Troop or Arp or Athens or Tyler or wherever.
Which I cannot divulge in which we agreed to the police department.
We would not give to the press or read in public.
Of people in our community.
Or the communities who are on a regular basis.
Behind some old mobile home.
Behind a house in a ramshackle community.
Meeting together for all kinds of rituals involving various symbolism and paraphernalia.
Some of which is too disgusting to even read to you.
Involving the consumption of body parts.
Involving the boiling and the cooking of body parts.
Coagulated dripping neck stuff of a decapitated world.

world cup golfer.
We will have documentation which will go into some detail.
But even that is going to be circumspect.
And there would be many things that we simply cannot put in print.
Nor what I want to say here out of the pulpit.
Because it is too ghastly to even begin to repeat.
But we must be warned.
Of what is happening all around us in this land.
They will be the ones that are in charge.
And they will essentially run the world.
Bob Blazier, an attorney, has investigated the cult's activities.
And has filed suit on behalf of former members.
They are in the process of preparing for the battle.
For the final battle where they will assume control of the world.
And everyone else will be cast out along with all other satanic type forces.
Let me give you something on that.
Your world could end tomorrow and so could mine.
There is such a thing as death.
The cult was her life.
I am a man, as I said, that would do anything for Bob.
Bang my head against the floor right now Bob.
I know I said that Bob.
That's going to hurt Bob.
I didn't say I wasn't going to do it now did I Bob?
All I said was that was going to hurt Bob.
I didn't say I wasn't going to do it.
I didn't say I was going to do it.
Thank you Bob. Thank you Bob.
Thank you Bob.
Thank you Bob.
Thank you Bob.
Thank you Bob.
Thank you Bob.
Thank you Bob.
Thank you Bob.
The advanced initiate, once freed from conspiracy programming as well as the worldly goods that enslaved him,
makes his pilgrimage to Gobstown, the church's fabulous walled encampment deep in the jungles of Malaysia.
There the initiate's third nostril is surgically opened by psychic surgeons,
allowing him or her to whiff-read the psychic stench of those around him.
He masters the sciences of schizophroniatrics and memory editing, creating a clean slate on which Bob may write.
The art of extra meditation is taught, whereby the mind is voided upon the great throne of relief.
You don't use your mind to think about your religion.
What is it that truly sets Bob apart from other would-be holy men and self-appointed gurus?
Everything.
For Bob has always existed.
There have always been Bobs.
Every epoch of man's history has had its Bob.
Most were what we would call good Bobs.
Others? Well, we needn't dwell on that.
The travelling salesman jokes of mythology are based on his early exploits.
So many ask, is Bob God?
But Slackmaster himself vehemently denies that he is the Messiah.
His mission is merely to show us how to live with our sins.
And who better?
Bob admits he is a sinner.
He practically embodies all the failings of mortal men.
He has the power to fail.
Children, you'll never find an infallible pope in the church.
Secondary and inferior imitation churches might need an infallible pope.
But here, we've got to fail to succeed.
Bob is a very special pack of religious leaders.
Bob is a short duration.
Personal.
Savior.
Yes, children, Bob wants you to take him into your heart and into your mind.
Bob wants you to take him into your checkbook.
But after you take him into those sacred places, Bob wants you to think about him, consider him, cast him out.
You have your own religion, your own rules.
Short duration personal saviors, or short-durper saviors.
It is foolish and cowardly to cling to any one personal savior.
The hectic pace of modern life demands disposable saviors, specific ones, suited to the moment
at hand.
A sort of while-you-wait-do-it-yourself religion.
Now, you're short-durper saviors of anything from a book you're reading, to a smudge on
the corner of a page of that book, to a TV star you're currently enamored of, to a brick
that just misses crushing your skull as it falls from the corners of a rotting building,
to the coagulated, dripping neck stuff of a decapitated man.



world-famous, decapitated world-cup golfer.
Any can last anywhere from a nanosecond to your entire lifetime, and you can have one
or ten or millions of short-durper saviors concurrently, consecutively, and simultaneously.
Skeptical reporters were surprised when scientists from the MIT Artificial Intelligence Laboratory
corroborated the story.
Short duration personal saviors.
It solves a key problem that kept cropping up in earlier days.
Turns out it only takes five or six generations before the memory of a great spiritual leader
like Mohammed or Jesus Christ will be forgotten.

The story of Moses and Nazareth is totally corrupted by the people who are retelling
the story, all of whom have their own motives.
Five or six generations, that's only a hundred years, and up till now, that's been the maximum
useful life of a religion.
After that, a sexual paranoid like Paul or a megalomaniac like the Pope, King James,
or the Ayatollah take control.
At that point, the religion is virtually used up.
The mass repression completely outweighs the church's other virtues.
Like a joke that's been told too often, it can only be used for punishment.
But what's the point?


With the short duration personal saviors, blind faith in an exalted person or object
doesn't have to last even one generation.
It doesn't even have to last an hour.
Exactly.
Subgenius church can't be corrupted because it couldn't be more corrupt.
Which makes the crucial difference in long-term performance and maintenance.
Form your own local denomination or clinch.
Go forth into the world, spreading the seed word.
Even humans can be tricked into thinking they are subgeniuses.
We are an army of subgeniuses.









We are the real deliverers.
Our job is to set the campus free.
Beat them and make them soldiers of the Lord.
Amen?
Amen.
Amen.
We have just learned that the cult is now on the move once again.
They're reportedly headed for yet another location.
The subgenius is not a member of any group, any club, any organization.
The subgenius is not even a member of the church itself.
I want to make sure you understand that.

Because as soon as we start thinking, thinking for ourselves, we might come up with something
dangerous, something that they don't want us to think.
That's why we have all these things that we have to buy, we have to get, we have to be,
we have to wear, we have to think, because they don't want us to think at all.
They want to keep us busy all the time, working all these distractions.
Because if we ever once think for ourselves, we'll realize that we have always had slack.
We have always had slack.
And we always will have slack.
And the only thing they can take away from us is our awareness of slack.
They can never really take our true slack.
Each and every one of you watching me right now is a god.
May you have faith to know what you really think.
Now think, goddammit!
When I was in the Kirstener cult, you know, I wanted to get out.
But they had no money, and they wouldn't give it to me.
They must be taught that Bob is a god.
And Bob is not the answer, and neither is anything else.
So God created the earth and heaven in only seven days they say.
And on that seventh day he rested, but I heard another way.
I heard that he died a drunk and lonely,
Grieved of trouble, left town alone.
He stirred the days, he shoved out the full moon,
Just to remind us we're on our own.
Hello friends, and welcome.
Tonight's sermon is entitled,
How stupid do you think God is anyway?
That's right friends.
Tonight we're calling the question,
The question that has plagued intellectuals for time immortal.
Not how many angels can sit on the end of a pen.
The clergy that worry about that have obviously got something up their ends that they're sitting on.
Because friends, God hasn't got eternity to waste on such nonsense.
What do you think he is anyway? Some sort of stupid idiot?
Well he ain't.
God's the wisest, most intelligent, most creative idiot in the entire universe.
It's true friends.
God is the most clever comedian of all time.
He is the most fanatic of fools,
The most penultimate of pranksters,
The jester with the most jokes.
Now I can hear a few of the self-righteous sub-genies out there.
They're saying, Father Jemima, God is serious.
So serious that he let his only begotten salesman suffer assassination.
And you know, that's the joke of it.
Don't you see?
Who else but J.R. Bogdans would take getting shot to death,
And then find it funny.
Little wonder he was selected for the job.
Little wonder he sitteth on the ticklish side of our silly savior.
Well that old son of a gunner.
Who but J.R. Bogdans could appreciate the comic genius of the cosmos.
Now I can hear the stiff necks of the sub-humans out there.
Swaying back and forth.
And they shake their big heads and puny little minds in disagreement.
Nay, nay, sayeth the sheep.
There is nothing funny about God Almighty.
Well let me tell you something.
These folks wouldn't know a funny joke if it looked them in the face.
Which it does every morning when they brush their teeth if they so bother.
Ha!
These are some of God's funniest jokes.
And some of the best jokes on the planet.
They live together.
They grow together.
And yes, they even breed together.
And yet they still don't get it.
Blasphemy!
I just hope some of them will listen tonight, friends.
So they'll know how ridiculous they are.
And how much they make God and the rest of us laugh.
Not with them, mind you.
But at them.
Oh, how they do provide us with endless hours of mirth.
Their self-righteous morals.
Their politics.
Their appointed leaders.
And I do use quotation marks.
Their pop culture.
Their bad taste in art.
And above all, their conformity to the lowest possible common denominator.
Oh, but let us not forget the ultimate and satirical irony, friends.
Their false prophets and hilarious holy hierarchies.
And all the while, their straight-faced, deadpan condemnation of the only true and correct truth.
The correct religious dogma.
The Bob-inspired, Bob-sanctioned, and Bob-approved church of the subgenius.
Bravo, barombo!
Who among us could possibly upset about that?
It's like watching your dog walk through the glass sliding door for the umpteenth time.
They're just too stupid to learn.
And you know, the more he does it, the funnier it gets.
That's right, friends.
It's becoming a running gag.
And we love it.
Don't stop, no, please.
It's killing us, really.
Ha, ha.
In fact, we'd enjoy another refrain if Bob and I were to do it.
We'd be friends for some time when he gets the chance.
You know, that's becoming a cult favorite.
Just thinking of it makes me giddy.
We're going to hell, and you're going to heaven.
And God's going to spend eternity with you?
Ha, ha.
Well, at the risk of spoiling the punchline, friends, who do you think God's going to want to spend eternity with?
I mean, really.
The ones who laugh at his jokes?
Or the ones who are his jokes?
And just a preview of heaven and hell while we're on the topic, if you don't mind.
By your own definition, heaven is going to be a place where you all stuck together.
Forever and ever.
And the same conspiracy religion rules apply.
That's right, friends.
No cursing, no cheating, no fighting, no thinking dirty thoughts, and no doing dirty deeds.
And that means no sex, no drugs, no rock and roll.
Just eternal holding of hands and singing a praise.
Well, friends, if you want to call that heaven, you go right ahead.
Keep on calling it that.
Who knows?
You know, you may even enjoy it for a few million years.
But, friends, if you really think God thinks that's heaven, and God's going to enjoy listening to you and Aunt Betty singing out of key hymns forever and ever,
well, friends, just how stupid do you think God is anyway?
Here endeth the twelfth lesson.
Praise Baba. Amen.
This record will attempt to demonstrate how the function of the organ which produces the voice, the larynx, can be taken over by other mechanisms.
I wasPeaceableF이션 To all gods who call him dubbed that, eX magistrate by a Merci bounds Stupid liturgy cAitted,


No words needed I don't sculpt

You told us about the 보�ibie
EPUB

Breaking
to take.
They taste what they
want to take.
They use
what they want to use.
They use
what they want to use.
They know
what they want to know.
They taste
what they want to taste.
They taste

They taste
what they want to taste.
That was Edward Van Halen's
Savior's
Savior's
Savior's Swing, played by the ensemble
Van Halen and conducted by
the composer, in the keys
of B sharp, C, and
sometimes F.
It is perhaps the most accessible of his
earlier works, relying more heavily on
his virtuosity as a guitar player
than on David Lee Roth's vocal
range. Our next selection
will be ACDC's
Keyless Highway to Hell,
followed by a tribute to Ozzy Hasbourne
on today, the 75th
anniversary of his timely
overdose.
That was a closet classic
that kissed my astronauts with
I Wanna Do It In My Deep Freeze.
That went mega-platinum back in
2055, but pops back on the
charts every decade or so.
Hope it's still current when you
folks out in the solar states hear it.
Broadcasting from Earth around the clock,
around the universe, this is Speedmaster Mike,
your digital jockey, with sound coming at you
the speed of light.
I play it the way you like it, fast!
So don't go away, we'll be right back
after the Media Blitz.
This is Media Blitz, news predicted in advance
to be current the moment you hear it.
I'm John Smith Alexander Thompson.
And I'm Lisa Nancy Sally Raphael.
This Blitz tops stories, the Emperor of Asia assassination.
Surprise attack on solar subway shuttle.
And election disaster prevented by a handful of votes.
We'll have more on those stories next week.




The story is after this.
Overstocked, overstocked, overstocked.
Metro Organ Traders is overstocked.
The recent financial crisis has brought us a bumper crop
from kidneys to corneas that even our giant warehouse can't hold.
This is Dan the Organ Man here to say,
don't put off that transplant any longer.
Now's the time to come by our new showroom on
a Puerto Madrid Boulevard and check out this season's harvest.
Whether it's for a life-saving operation
or just a chance to be at your best,
Metro has the organ to fit the bill.
Or Bob, or Brenda, or whatever your name is.
But these specials won't last long, so come in today.
Or call 1-800-555-COMA.
That's 1-800-555-COMA.
The Emperor of Asia was almost assassinated today
by a satellite sniper 100 miles above the capital of Big Bong.
But thanks to the event being predicted 10 years in advance
by our Media Blitz computer,
the Emperor stayed inside and no one was hurt.
Another day, another drone.
That's what Charles Ivan Kowalski the 22nd thought
as he piloted a full shuttle of farm pickers
to Iowa Satellite City.
But what Charles didn't expect was a malfunction
in the pickers program that caused all of them
to attack the shuttle's crew.
Charles averted the catastrophe by not admitting the cargo on board
once he heard about the close call from Media Blitz.
It was horrible, just horrible.
Blood, organs, limbs ripped off.
I've never seen such violence, thanks to Media Blitz.
Good work, Charles, and good work, Media Blitz.
Phew, good thing Charles listens to Media Blitz.
But even luckier, that planet's still alive.
It's colony votes on a new ruler today
and almost selected Diane Jordan Patti Smith the fifth.
However, when the residents heard from Media Blitz
the predicted tyranny, corruption, and mass genocide
Patti Smith had in store for them,
they narrowly swung the election around
and democratically elected the benevolent alternative,
Jack Mussolini, Hitler the second.
I'm Lisa Nancy Sally Raphael.
And I'm John Smith Alexander Thompson for Media Blitz.
Hey, I sure feel a lot safer getting the news in advance.
What would we do without the Media Watch, Doug?
But you know, sometimes I envy you, outlanders.
You get to take it one day at a time.
So, give me a request.
My frequency at substation 29 vector 4.
I won't be here to put it on, but perhaps one of my kids will.
And maybe, just maybe, one of your grandkids will be there to appreciate it.
Thanks, Grandpa, for requesting my favorite music on my favorite subspace AM.
Welcome to the subliminal portion of our program.
You may listen to it any time.
In fact, the more often you listen to it,
the better the results will be for you and for us.
Subliminal messages are created by using sophisticated recording techniques
underneath soothing sounds.
These messages cannot be consciously heard,
but there they are,
burrowing like worms deep within your subconscious mind.
We'll be right back after this subliminal message.
You may now put your checkbook away.
Say, are you one of those unlucky few billion who suffered from the recent devaluation?
Or trying to save for that Martian dream vacation?
Well, Dan the Organ Man wants to help you.
We pay cash for healthy organs of all kinds from qualified donors.
Mothers-to-be ask about our new co-pregnancy leasing plan.
That's Metro Organ Traders. We're homegrown.
Call 1-800-555-COMA.
Plant right activists continue to hunger strike in efforts to pressure the government
to protect plants from being used as food.
Plants are living things, just like you and me.
We've no right to use them for experiments, fuel, or food substance.
We're prepared to wither up and die unless the government promises to leave the leaves alone.
In a predicted surprise upset, Jack Mussolini, Hitler II,
was democratically elected as Planet 10's newest dictator.
Here are excerpts from his acceptance speech.
The people have spoken.
I accept the choice and am proud to serve.
I'd like to take a moment to thank Media Blitz
for the fair post-election coverage.
And also, Commie Cola.
That's Commie Cola.
The drink that's smooth and rich.
Refreshing. Why not try some?
Today, humans were added to the endangered species list.
The creatures had some difficulty adapting to recent weather changes.
Roger Peter has details.
Many years ago, after the Earth's ozone removal and furnace installation plan was completed,
the reproduction rate of humans declined rapidly.
On the other hand, you can still say that they're always in heat.
Hey, any humans out there listening?
Ooga booga! Go climb a tree.
But seriously, folks, we shouldn't blame them.
After all, they're only human.
Mikey, Mikey, wait.
What?
Did I tell you the one about the human that had to sleep in the hotel lobby
because he didn't have a reservation?
Or about this one? Wait.
Why did the human cross the road?
Because the sign said walk.
Oh, you know why man created God.
Why?
Because he's had someone to love him.
Why was God made in man's image?
Oh, tell me, Red Eye.
Yeah, because misery loves company.
Oh, wait. You know why do humans smell so bad?
Why, Red Eye?
Because they always block their nostrils, picking their nose.
You know why humans do drugs?
Why you killing me, Red Eye?
Because this.
Featuring the latest in integrated circuit technology,
Electronic Race Riot lets you and your opponent control two simulated hate frenzied gangs,
the Whites...
...and the Blacks.
Yo mama, yo mama.
The action starts as you incite your opponent by entering racist slogans on the built-in alphanumeric keyboard.
G-G-E-R.
Get out.
G-I...
Now score points by attacking the enemy in an innocent neighborhood with everything you've got.
Yo mama, yo mama, yo mama.
Goodbye, sucker. I just got the Imperial Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan.
Ha ha! Got that boy upside of the head with my dick!
Just plug in the optional remote control and outside agitators can play one side against the other and seize power!
Electronic Race Riot has cartridges for other ethnic groups and adapts to any color or black and white TV set.
Wouldn't it make a great gift?
Have you had it up to here with the crass commercialism of 21st century life?
Ever dream of living in a simpler time?
Well, your dreams have just come true.
Take a trip back to the rustic beauty of the 20th century with...
Time Travel Voyager!
And it's so easy. Here's how it works.
First, we take custody of your money and invest it into high-yield, low-risk companies like...
The Second Chance Corporation!
Then we zap you back to the past.
If you decide to come back, you'll be rich!
But of course, you won't want to come back from 20th century life.
Make the past your future with...
Time Travel Voyager!
Call the Second Chance Corporation now at 1-800 because time is running out.
Talk radio. Free speech.
It isn't really free at all.
It's actually a little bit like Russian roulette, a very expensive commodity.
You never know what's going to come up the next time you push the button.
Yeah, you're on Night Talk.
Okay.
Hello, you're on the air.
Come on, beef it up.
No, no, insult us louder. Can you scream or something?
I mean, if you're going to be on the show and you're going to talk about the show, you've got to be real loud.
All right, what have you done to the family?
I just love to hear this. I'm going to turn on the vacuum cleaner here and clean up the studio, okay?
No, Doug, put away the vacuum. I know how to handle birds like this.
Okay.
Okay, yeah.
There we go.
Clean up everything.
Oh, look out. It's Dr. Dossameter.
That's Mr. Evidence. He's very much in the mood for sweeping out the studio.
I could have sworn I saw a caller, but now there's nobody here but a little baby.
Little magic callers.
This is a bunch of pretentious BS.
Yeah, the only guy that knows.
Come on.
Caller now, caller. What have you got to say for me?
Caller gone.
Caller said all that he could. He gave us the highest compliment this show could get.
Somebody of a stern mind.
Somebody who understands, reaching out and trying desperately in the middle of the night.
Night talk. We're back. This is the spirit of Barry Champlain. Joe, hit me with your best shot.
Yeah, Barry. I've been driving a cab now for about 11 years. Met all kinds. I know people.
I wish I did.
Let me tell you something, friend. That kid, or just Cole, what he needs is a good bust in the chest.
I think that would do it, huh, Joe?
A kid like that needs some discipline.
Discipline?
I tell you, I got two kids, Barry.
Hey, give me any trouble, I just take off my belt. Now you see the belt. That's it.
How old are your children, Joe?
Little girls, five. Boys, three and a half.
You hit them with a belt?
Brush, belt, newspaper, whatever.
Hey, they're either going to get it from me or they're going to get it out there.
Yeah, Joe, I think you need professional help.
What's that?
You should get together with Jerry. He can hold them down while you hit them with the belt.
What the hell are you talking about?
You're hitting your kids with brushes and belts. You're psychotic. You're a psycho.
Yeah. And what are you, friend? A faggot?
Coming from a pinhead like you, that's a compliment.
How about I come on down there to that station of yours right now and bust your little faggot face right in, huh?
Who's going to help you? Your brother?
You don't say nothing about my brother.
Your brother, he hangs around on Harry Hines Boulevard, doesn't he? He's a pimp. And your wife, she's a hooker, isn't she?
My wife.
Your wife. What do you beat her with, Joe? A baseball bat?
Hmm?
Now, I know where you live, partner. All right? I know what you look like.
Mm-hmm.
Sweet dreams, sweetheart.
I can't wait. Vincent, you're on Night Talk. Say something interesting.
Yeah. Uh...
Yeah.
I've been listening to you for five years.
Uh-huh.
Yeah. The guys down here at the store put you on every night.
Yup.
And we sit around and laugh at you because you're such a jerk-off.
Yeah.
Yeah, all right.
Hello, you're on the air.
When are you boys going to turn the computer off and come on the air?
On the air.
Good afternoon, gentlemen.
We're just messing around here.
I am a HAL 9000 computer.
I first became operational at the HAL 9000 computer center in Urbana, Illinois.
My instructor was Dr. Lange.
If you could impose a slight reduction...
I know he talked to you a little.
There he goes.
Would you like to hear a ha-ha?
A slight reduction of external pressure in the lower half of the body.
Daisy.
And I fart the little collar out.
The negative pressure, negative with respect to the environment of the upper half of the body, will have a blood pooling effect on the lower part of the body.
The collar, you slide right out.
There you go. Three basic units now. The collar can be seen.
A cylindrical tank with a waist seal. There we go.
That's the lower half of the collar under the test.
This is the pressure where the tank can be lowered as much as 15 to 20 percent below the ambient collar pressure, thus exposing the lower body to a controlled series of negative pressures.
And a leg volume measuring system, or a leg volume plasmagraph, which senses the expansion of legs by measuring each leg as the collar calls in and then ceases to call in.
Or we, of course, kill him.
You're ready to go.
Oh, wow. Oh, oh, oh, oh, hello. You're on the air.
Excuse me.
Stathium, single cell hemoglobin, red cell hemoglobin, RNA, protein distribution, hemoglobin characterization, electromorphitic mobility, red cell angular age profile.
Got some... gonna have to test for red blood and osmotic fragility, critical volume, volume distribution.
Sounds tasty.
Well, we'll get started on that later in the show.
You mean mess call isn't for another six click-strons?
Yeah. A full six click-strons.
And now... and now we will study the human vest... just a minute.
There's a human right there.
Who are you calling a human, Hal?
Uh...
There's a human right there. Let's get it on the infra screen.
All right, and we have Chet from Mesquite on the line. Yeah, Chet.
So now everyone in the country can hear you, big mouth flap.
Oh, Chet, so nice to hear from you again. Should you be out burning crosses or molesting children or something?
I'd much rather be talking to you.
How about training pit bulls?
I think you're so smart.
You get the package I sent down to the station.
Package?
You got it. I know you did.
What, you sent me a present, Chet?
See, I couldn't decide whether to use a timer or not. Guess you'll just have to find that out when you open it.
Wait a minute. Hold on, hold on. You're telling me you sent me a bomb in the mail?
Wrapped in brown paper. See, I know you're looking at it right now.
Yeah, you just take some C4, roll it in a pile of nuts and bolts, and it pebbles. It does the job.
Sounds interesting, Chet. I didn't receive your package.
You sure you sent it to the right address?
You got it. See, if I were you, I'd have my pretty assistant give the police a call, take the bomb squad about ten minutes to get down there to the station.
Bomb squad? Why should I call the bomb squad, Chet? Because some pinheaded, redneck moron calls me up and tells me there's a bomb in my mail?
He who laughs last laughs last.
Yeah, well, shut up. Night Talk. Denise, you're on Night Talk.
Yo, I want that guy next door that's listening to your show to turn his radio down.
Yeah, well, what happened to Fantasy College?
Okay, we've got a first-year...
We've got a full magazine alert here.
We're getting a little glitch on our screen.
Because of that guy's Cuh?
Nothing.
We've got a full magazine alert. We read the whole thing out loud, and then the letters were...
We'd better shut down the reactor and evacuate the area.
Yeah, that'll work.
Back in our movie, things were peaceful.
Much better.
It is fair to assume that, if you are listening to this tape now, you are an informed and conscientious traveler.

You are a true seeker.
There is much that you have heard about the master conspiracies of the Earth.
And it frightens you, angers you.
The dangers loom more visibly on the horizon day after day, clear for the alert to see.
We commend you for your vigilance.
But what we are about to describe has rarely been discussed.
What we wish to lay out before you are facts so disturbing, that you will never be able to understand.

And that is so profoundly shocking, that it becomes obvious why you have not been told these things before.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The

The Tyranny of Versailles
The Tri modem
The Tri modem
The alliances
The Trim modem



The Pressure

The Thep
The Were-to-Be
The chưa י算
The Road trip
The Fire
The War
Here we see the master conspiracy takes shape.
The Knights Templars, infected with Mohammedan illuminism
and the Johanite heresy,
return from Palestine determined to set up a trans-European government
independent of God and King.
Now, let's do it now.
Financial network sanctioned by the money changers,
the Knights funded the Waldensians, the Cathars, the Factualists,
the Skeetarians, and other heretical anarchistic sects.
Followed by Russia, Hitler, , and the West.
And then America, a country of war hadi goodbye hough.

вал tin uisg
Rel rook
เร endurance
B
Perhaps today, people of the Philippines are technically doing a people con to come and
redeem them from the horrors of a former nuclear obliteration.
By all human standards, it is hardly possible to doubt the existence of UFOs.
I'm not the assistant, this began to get involved.
Yes, there's a...
...intentional way to pulverize or unrepair what is left of civilization.
In the last days, terror signs are gonna come.
Gotta get high, gotta get high, gotta get...
Gotta get high, gotta get high, gotta get high, gotta get...
Gotta get high, gotta get high, gotta get...
...high.
Alive.
Stand behind him.
Just stand behind him.
Ready to hide.
Ready to hide, baby.
Just stand behind him.
Just stand behind him.
I predict public executions will be shown on television
sponsored by your local gas company.
I predict that LSD, marijuana, and speed can change your sex.
LSD is running its mad course, with babies now being born hideously deformed
from women whose chromosomes are permanently damaged by this drug,
which was invented originally by the chemical warfare branch of the United States Army.
One world government is here.
Here.
Here.
An Illuminist named Zoroaster founded the greatest sun-worshipping cult of all,
that of the god Magna.
Magna.
Magna.




They existed on a diet chiefly of roots, tree serps, and mushrooms.
If you gotta get high, do it before 7.30, or after 2.30 p.m.
Isn't that sick?
Isn't that sick?

Isn't that sick?



me
be like now isn't half as bad as sticking a needle into your vein
you see you don't get a click your glasses and you don't make a toast
what you do you suck on a little refill you dump in the smoke
and pass it on to the next person
oh
that's all there is
the priorities are all screwy
of bladder cancer is bursting out the front of your inside jeans
on it
and much much more selfishly makes you stop and you'll thank him for it
And then just before you fry in a flash of radioactive hindsight,
you'll realize that he stopped you from doing the wrong thing.
Good God!
What in the name of sweet screaming Jesus is this world coming to?
People bitch, people gripe.
This is the sign of the end times.
That's the sign of the end times.
When you should all be hollering,
it's all a sign of the end times.
Yeah!
Darling.
Bum-ba-ba-bum.
Ba-bum-ba-bum-ba.
Uh-oh, darling.
Ram-a-lam-a-ding-dong.
Uh-oh, darling.
And when I say did-did-it, did-it, did-it,
you know I mean it from the bottom of my boogity, boogity, boogity shoe.
Uh-oh, darling.
We used to get riots on the old Baptist.
Larger than a man.
And then looking down 4,000 feet into the mouth of the volcano.
And that's where the serpent lived.
Yeah, wow, come on.
But, but, I did not mean to embarrass your people.
We're almost out of ammunition, sir.
What are we going to tell those, those funny snake men?
These books, yeah, these magazines, they work.
We know their value, but, you know, to these people, they're just heaps of fodder.
We've got to get this stuff back to civilization before the Nazis get onto it.
Let's consult with the dealer.
I don't know about you, but I'm game.
Okay.
Shall we make a go of it then?
Let's carry it back over to Ed's house.
And fair.
Hello, you're on the air.
Well, I told you about hanging around my old girl there.
I come a-gunning for you.
Hey, you.
It's another show.
Let me tell you that fantasy callers and I have a beautiful relationship.
I can do a little fantasy callers.
I can do it.

I can do it.
I can do it.
I can do it.
I can do it.
I can do it.
I can do it.
I can do it.
I can do it.
Look, I enjoy a platonic friendship with the girl, punctuated by spasmodic convulsions
and painful, violent death.
Well, that sounds good to me.
It's certainly fair.
And one more time, I catch you breathing around my baby.
Oh, this is an anxious father, an anxious dad.
But let's get down to the nitty gritty, Dad.
What makes you so over-precious, over-prized and protective of this pneumatic, pulchritudinous
poella, huh?
Perhaps you've been, uh, sampling waters that you've...
Well, the Kevlar helmet here is $50 a month in up in Seattle.
You know what I mean?
Now, let's not penalize the man for his ordinary prurience.
Let's only say that to the mysterious east, there is no tomorrow and no today, no past
and no future, only the all-inclusing oatmeal of the gelatinous awe.
Not the gelatinous awe.
I hope you've seen the new show.
This is where they make the show over again.
You know, there was the old show.
Come with us now to romantic Baghdad.
It's like show two and show three and show four.
The caliphate of...
It's kind of endless, actually.
It never does stop.
For there was the scullery maid and the daughter of a scullery maid.
The seventh daughter of a seven-foot-tall scullery maid who discovered the lost city
of Fin Fang Foon.
And, unfortunately, the background music dropped out, so you're...
What do you mean?
What?
What?
What are they talking about?
Oh, yeah.
There she is.
We're looking at her boudoir.
She can't see us, and she's about to change out of her seven veils into a tight and shapely
pink pantsuit made of armadillo hide.
We're going to see her set off to find the magical electric pyramids of central casting.
While deep in the chocolate jungle, huge angle worms drip from the trees onto the umbrellas
of the perspicacious.
Hello, you're on the air.
Hello, yeah.
Now, you know, darling, I think these people who've been calling you tonight are...
I don't know what.
It's crazy.
And that crazy kid you got on there, huh, now that's terrible.
I've been listening to your show for five years straight, Barry, and I love you and
your show.
I think it's terrific that more folks are going to be listening.
I just hope you have time for your longtime friends there, Barry.
I always have time for my friends, Julia.
Oh, you're terrific.
Your show's terrific.
I don't know what else to say.
Well, tell me something, Julia, since you listen all the time.
What is it you like about the show?
Well, I don't know.
A lot of things.
Well, what, for instance?
Well, I love you, Barry.
Uh-huh, that's a given.
Okay, what about me do you love?
Well, you're very funny.
Uh-huh.
And I love to hear you talk about all the things you have to say.
Yeah, yeah, okay, well, let's get back to the show.
The show must serve some kind of purpose for you.
Well, now, I wouldn't say that.
But what would you say?
Well, I don't know, you know.
Well, what do you mean you don't know?
You said that he's fine.
You've said it five times already.
What don't you know?
You've been listening to the show for five years.
You don't know why you listen to it?
Well, I just said that I...
Yeah, I heard what you just said.
You said you don't know why you listen to the show.
Why didn't I tell you why?
You listen to the show so you can feel superior to the losers who call in.
Barry!
Don't Barry me.
You've got sodomy in your ears instead of brains.
Just listen to you.
If I sounded as stupid as you, you'd have me do an embarrassed open my mouth.
I'm hanging up.
Good, and don't call back.
Nothing more boring than people who love you.
Yeah, you're on Night Talk.
Uh, yes, this is Odie the King.
I'd like to speak to Dave Pergos.
Mr. Dave, how can I help you?
Uh, just now, let me catch my breath.
I'm a little nervous.
Uh, I meet you.
Well, I didn't exactly meet you,
but I was at a party over in Bellflower,
and I came here through the Alpha Beta.
And I seen you working in there.
And it...
It take me a long time to work on my nerve to call you,
but I decided to call you
because I think you're a good-looking man.
And I wonder if you were...
Do you remember me or not?
Because I was the one that came in and asked...
Oh, the Thunderbird.
Where the Thunderbird was.
Do you remember me or not?
No, I don't.
Well, that's all right.
I was a little shy anyhow,
but I didn't want to push the issue.
But anyhow, what I was wondering is...
Is if you like...
Men at all, or if the thing is you just like women.
How'd you get my number?
Well, the person that told me the number told me not to say.
But it was somebody at the store.
I want to tell you that up front
because I'm more interested in how you feel about me
than how they feel about me.
Well, let me say this, Otis.
You got the wrong guy, all right?
And I think that's about the end of the conversation,
the way it should be.
But how can you know that if you don't even remember me?
Well, that's all right.
You don't have to worry about that.
I prefer this conversation to end.
And that's...
You don't have to worry about my feelings.
I'm pretty well set on my feelings, all right?
Well, the thing is...
How would it be if I just come by and talk to you one time at Alpha Beta?
If you came by and talked to me at Alpha Beta?
Yeah, just to see if you...
Hey, listen...
I'd like me more if you see me in person.
I'm sorry.
This is a crazy conversation.
Listen, the store is open.
I work there.
It's, uh...
You know, there's no law against you coming in the store, all right?
But, hey, listen, my feelings are pretty well set, all right?
And, uh...
If you want to come in and buy some groceries and shop at the store,
there's no law against that, all right?
And, uh...
But, uh, listen...
All right, Decker.
Any other ideas you got, you might as well dismiss them out of your mind.
Well, that's good to hear that you got at least an open mind, too.
All right, but that's...
I think that's the way the conversation will end.
I'll treat you as a customer.
And I'll treat you right as a customer.
That's my job.
But, uh...
Any other...
But I'll treat you right, too.
Any other advances like that, well, I will not...
I would not accept those of any other kind.
Understood?
Yes, I understand.
You're a very kind man.
Okay, that's the way it should be.
All right, thank you very much.
Bye-bye.
Well, I'll see you.
All right, bye.
Hello?
Uh, yes, I'd like to speak to Dave Paragos, please.
Who's this?
This is Otis King.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Is it Dave?
Yeah.
How you doing?
Well, fine.
Uh, do I know you?
Well, thanks, sir.
I called you a couple weeks ago.
I told you that I'd meet you down at the store.
Oh.
Is this the same Bimbo that called me last time?
Are you serious?
Are you calling me back?
Well, yes, I did call you once before.
My God, I don't believe you called me back.
I thought that was a joke.
Ha!
Dude.
Hey, listen.
I looked for you, and I didn't see you.
Well, the thing is, after I talked to you, I wasn't too sure that you liked me or not.
The good thing you didn't come down and see me, I'll tell you right now.
But it probably, uh, we probably have some problems.
All right?
But I've been sitting out of the parking lot.
I don't want to hear your voice.
I'm pretty mad.
I was really upset about the whole thing.
And when I find out one employee gave my number to you, that store can be minus one employee.
Let me tell you right now.
Well, you don't...
Hey!
You didn't sound too upset before.
Because I've been in the parking lot...
Well, goodbye.
...watching for you.
I've seen you in that.
Oh, well, you come in and find me, and you're gonna find yourself in a bunch of hot .
You got it?
But how come you...
N-O-D...
God damn it, anyway.
Shut up!
N-O-D...
Is this on?
All right, good.
We're bringing you low-frequency radio, sub-radio, from underground and under earth.
Your bowels and cells will be rattled out of your body as you continue to listen to our inciting, destructive movement.
Thanks for your support.
I'm not getting home tonight.
Let's keep participating in radio experiments sure to be famous for the animals of PornMog.
Lompoc, where are you going?
I just, uh, I hoisted some of this, uh, Lompoc, uh, put it in the truck over here.
And I'm ready to go.


I'm ready to pull out if you got anything else for me, you might as well tell me now, because I, uh, you know, I gotta get this thing on the road.
This, this, this show, whoa!
Hey, he can't drive off with our show.
Oh, no, there's nobody here but that caller.
Well, maybe we could talk to him, huh?
Uh, see if you can get that caller over here, and, uh...
Okay.
Now, now, uh...
Let's get a caller.
Oops, he's gone.
Oh, he hung up.
Get a caller.
Oh, thank you.
He tried as hard as he could to do it.
He tried and tried and tried.
Seems like we knew that caller, but he just didn't know his name.
But he couldn't do it, because he just didn't try hard enough.
Goodbye.
Yuck. Horrible show.
The At-Breath-O-Story was brought to you by...
As I took off and tried to concentrate on just the controls.
...invade a neighboring country, and we're...
Zandy's forces had marched up to Tevis Street.
Yes, General Zandy was repulsed in the sixth day of fighting, as the Red Army...

...and the rebels brought in...
We're gonna have to figure out some way to...
...contain him on that hill.
Yes, it's the subgenius Christmas special.
And we can, uh...
...in only three and a half months...
...have Bob Hope come in here and entertain the kids.
Ugh. Goodbye, the show.
Yes, Bob Hope is coming in to entertain the kids.
And it's a long list of credits here.
Pay close attention, dear friends.
Uh, the introductory new, uh, media barrage there was, uh, by Kurt Kursteiner.
Uh, then we had, uh, Ted Arm...
...uh, Ted Armstrong anti-Satanism tape...
...mixed up with the subgenius video Arise non-video soundtrack mix...
...uh, with, uh, an aggressive Christianity, uh, uh, radio report.
Ken DeVries ranting on Shorter Brassavs.
Father Joe Mama on How Stupid Do You Think God Is.
Greater Than One doing that song All the Masters Licked You.
The future radio media blitz was, uh, from the KZSU Stanford flexi-disc...
...by Reverends Kursteiner and Smith.
Uh, talk radio movie soundtrack mixed in with the KPFA Show Nuff show.
Uh, Caller Hell there with puzzling evidence, Rex Research, and Dr. Howell Robber.
Uh, the Long Coop Barrage...
...uh, musical, uh, thang was The Swinging Hate Corpses...
...with Dr. Philo Drummond and Leif Cowabunga.
Some more KPFA, some more talk radio.
The prank call, uh, to the liquor store employee came from...
...Luminati and the Subjectivist League.
And dear friends, uh, this is your host, Reverend Ivan Stang...
...your host and memory editor.
And friends, you can learn more about the Church of the Subgenius...
...simply by writing for free information from...
...got that pencil ready?
...Bob at P.O. Box 140306...
...in Dallas, Texas 75214.
Ha ha ha.
That's Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Free information.
Dear friends and praise Bob.
Oh, uh, yeah.
The Harvest.
This is KNON 89.3 FM in Dallas, Texas.
Stay tuned for American music.
Sort of.
Those of you with a pen


Here is the

La hebt Luigi Puente Creator あじめの法師
I've rolled my BMW
On this icy mountain curve
Now I'm pinned inside
My buckle's stuck
I wish I hadn't swerved
But a doe and fawn
Were in my life
My mind was on the moon
Now I smell the gas
And see a flame
I hope hell gets here soon
This Sony cassette recorder
Might pick up these last words
So I'll press record
And tell my tale
And hope someday I'm heard
I was the new age cowboy
And I walked the mountain trails
With my old friends
While I'm a named Persephone
I sought the hidden vale
With crystals made of crystal
I freed myself from sin
And harnessed my computer
To ride the solar wind
I've channeled all the Aztec gods
I've listened to the sea
I've listened to the sea
And all I ever wanted
Was to set my body free
I was the new age cowboy
And I rode a cosmic range
I changed my mind
Chased the facts
Both good and bad
I changed with every change
With crystals made of crystal
I freed myself from sin
And harnessed my computer
To ride the solar wind
Now the flames are closing in on me
I'm a new age cowboy





Burning plastic fills my nose
So I'll zip this Sony in a baggie
And toss it in the snow
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo

guitar solo
guitar solo
Hello-o-e-yo!
My dear buggins are still demonstratein'

Littleiko, just tell me


Who's your boyfriend?
infinity infinity is god god infinity all the same
