Where you can believe, Mr. Picker.
My name is Pick.
Or you could accept the fact that this city is headed for a disaster of biblical proportion.
What do you mean, biblical?
What he means is Old Testament, Mr. Mayor.
Real wrath of God type stuff.
Exactly.
Fire and brimstone coming down from the skies.
Rivers and seas boiling.
Forty years of darkness, earthquakes, volcanoes.
The dead rising from the grave.
Human sacrifice, dogs and cats living together.
Mass hysteria.
Enough, I get the point.
But what if you're wrong?
If I'm wrong, nothing happens.
We go to jail.
But if I'm right, you will have saved the lives of millions of registered voters.
I don't believe you're seriously considering listening to
The Self Genius Hour of Slack.
Get him out of here.
Raise your hand and recite after me.
Raise your hand and recite after me.
I will promote divisions and wars among nons of genie.
I will promote divisions and wars among nons of genie.
I will work to cast out the false prophets.
I will work to cast out the false prophets.
I will work to erase the conforming instinct.
I will work to erase the conforming instinct.
I will work for time control in my own life.
I will work for time control in my own life.
I will work to become an overman.
I will work to become an overman.
I will work for my own sake to preserve this planet from destruction except for the proper reasons.
I will work for my own sake to preserve this planet from destruction except for the proper reasons.
I will work to unmask the conspiracy and install strict anarchy or formal chaos.
I will work to unmask the conspiracy and install strict anarchy or formal chaos.
I will work to placate the stark fist of removal.
I will work to placate the stark fist of removal.
I will work to extend subgenius endurance by indulging in excesses of every kind.
I will work to extend subgenius endurance by indulging in excesses of every kind.
I will work to prevent humanity from ever acting with a common will.
I will work to prevent humanity from ever acting with a common will.
I will work to grip the reins of evolution.
I will work to grip the reins of evolution.
I will work to welcome and exploit the angelic host from planet X.
I will work to welcome and exploit the angelic host from planet X.
I will work to meet the needs of subgenius everywhere whenever ever I may.
profits myself. I will work to meet the needs of subgeniuses everywhere whenever I promise myself.
I will give all my money to me. Well, that's always where it sort of falls apart, ain't it,
dear friends? This is your host and prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang, and, you know,
the power of Bob, the power of Bob's left me. I'm tired. I've been working too hard,
way too hard. I don't have a script. I don't have a plan for this show.
There isn't going to be any creativity on this show tonight. And, you know, if you think this
following show is bad as comedy, just to think how bad the religion it's all been,
all about must be. Tired, tired, tired. Well, the fist will be in the mail tomorrow. It
really will. Has to be. And the Arise video copies aren't here yet, but they will be this
week. And we'll, yeah, every six minutes we'll do something.
More, more.
Every time I sit down on my kingdom's throne and reach out for the good book that will
save my soul.
Save me from the lodges of conspiracy.
Save me from the chains of time.
Save me
From the men in black
It's never subgenius
Must have slack
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
So relax
In your own delusion
Find a place to hide
And reach your confusion
Save me
From the clutches of conspiracy
Save me
From the chains of time
Save me
From the men in black
It's never subgenius
Must have slack
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Yes, dear friend, I'm sorry.


It's true that, as the walk-ins say here,
every subgenius must have slack.
Unfortunately, that's not always...
I mean, they must...
Oh, we must, yet we cannot.
We must, yet we cannot,
as the hero of Robot Monster
had to say over and over again.
He had to kill the girl,
but he could not.
And he didn't.
And he shouldn't.
He shouldn't have,
because he got in big trouble
for not killing that Earth girl.
Shut up!
There.
Oh, no.
Now another one starts up.
There's no escape from the subgenius bands.
Actually, this one in the background is
Monty Canson,
the Neoist song.
Well, let's just listen to it.
Every six minutes
We need superheroes
Every six minutes
Is a nuclear war
More, more
Crucifixions
More, more
Fashion shows
More, more
Video games
More, more
Every six minutes
Must be a new orgasm
Every six minutes
Must be total joy
Every six minutes
Must bring new miracles
Every six minutes
We need more and more
More, more
Crucifixions
Crucifixions
More, more
Passion shows
More, more
Video games
More, more
Yeah, well, as much as I agree with Monty Canson,
who can't sin, you know,
I'm gonna, uh, we, you know, we can't let you actually start to enjoy anything on this show.
We have to, we have to cut it off just as you're really getting into it.
That way, that way, you know, it's the old leave them wanting more philosophy.
Somebody told me that worked and I was gonna do it.
However, since I've been using all my creativity for money
and this show isn't,
I'm gonna use a tape of a time when I did have creativity.
Even though this is, I don't know, some of you probably heard all this stuff before,
but it's, this is a tape of a typical radio interview with the sacred scribe of the Church of the Subgenius,
which happened to be me at that time and has been since.
But, and probably always will be, you know, you laugh, Will.
You say, thanks, Will.
You say, thanks, Will.
Will here thinks that he's next and he's gonna, he's just waiting for me to keel over dead from overwork.
I know what you think.
I know, I've seen, I've been, I've seen what you're doing out there.
Anyway, here, here's, uh, for those who don't know anything about the church,
here's a tape that was pretty much done that way.
Thank you.
That glint of insanity is what the church is based on.
Now, why would any clear thinking,
human being follow such a man?
Well, the other question is, why not?
Uh, I mean, everybody has to follow something, I suppose,
except for subgeniuses.
The subgeniuses don't have to follow anything,
but they choose to follow Bob because he provides slack.
Slack is, is the one mystic, uh, uh, element in,
in this cult that all other mind control religions lack.
And slack is just, I mean, as in the expression, cut me some slack.
Right. Cut me some slack.
Um, well, it's a lot like luck, really.
Uh, as Bob said, I'd rather be lucky than good any day.
Uh, Bob Dobbs is not smart.
He's not a smart, uh, the, the word subgenius seems to throw people off.
Right.
The first thing they lock onto is the word genius, but really,
a subgenius could include anybody who's sent $20 to the foundation here in Dallas.
Uh, anybody who's less than a genius,
and that can go all the way down to an amoeba.
Uh, Bob has preached to the slackless that you should pull the wool over your own eyes
and learn to, uh, relax in the safety of your own delusions.
I, I think in, in, in the very short time that I've had to do any research,
I think my, my favorite quote of, of Bob's is,
I don't practice what I preach because I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to.
Praise Bob.
No, no kidding.
I hadn't had to get to that quote yet.
I was waiting for your, your callers to, uh, start harassing me,
and then I was gonna, gonna spring that one on them.
But that really is the basis of the, of the religion.
Um, obviously any religion is supplying people,
with something to, that, that they're being forced to believe in somehow.
And they want to.
And that's fine.
That's fine with us.
But, uh, in the case of the, of Bob's church,
we'd prefer that you just believe in anything you want to,
as it's convenient to you at the time.
Short and durper saves.
Right.
Short, short duration personal saviors.
Bob does not pretend to, um, be like Jesus.
Right.
For instance.
He's, he's not a messiah.
He's not that well connected.
But he, he, whereas he cannot offer forgiveness,
he can offer an excuse.
And which one would you rather have, dear friend?
On a practical basis, I think you're absolutely right.
A forgiveness or an excuse.
We're gonna take a short break and we'll be right back.
We are talking about the Church of the Subgenius
with Pope Jimbo here in Cleveland and, uh, out in somewhere.
The Holy Scribe of the Church of the Subgenius, Ivan Stang.
Back in a moment.
Getting to the Church of the Subgenius
with the Holy Scribe of the Church, Ivan Stang,
uh, who's on the, uh, telephone with us from parts unknown.
And, uh, locally, Pope Jimbo has joined us in the studio
to try to explain all of this.
And we will eventually get around to explaining
why people were calling this program
and saying it all has to do with the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
I think we ought to save that for last.
It's called a tease.
Ivan, you understand that?
Uh, sure.
I agree with you completely.
I agree with you.

I agree with you completely on that point.
I mean, let's not give him anything
until we can maybe make a buck off of it, right?
Exactly.
Hey, Ivan, if I could, uh, just butt in here for a minute.
I was really happy to read in the latest Star-Fist
how Bob, uh, ran very well in a couple of races
down in Texas there in the House of Representatives.
I think he finished a high third or something.
And I wanted to take the opportunity to mention
that, uh, Bob is running for the mayoral race here in town,
uh, naturally on the write-in ballot.
But, uh, and any other, any other race
that happens to be going on.
I think Bob's going to be the mayoral race.



All right, friends, vote Bob for everything.
Correct.
Correct.
Well, either county clerk or everything.
Sure.
One or the other.
Yeah.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, Scott, you're on 3WE.
Hi, Bob, how you doing?
Okay.
Okay, I got two questions for you.
Yeah.
Okay, the first one is, um, you said that you were out of Dallas,
the Church of the Subgenius?
Right.
Yeah, well, how would we get in touch, you know,
to find more information about this?
Oh, I'd love to give the, the, uh, sacred post office box.
Go ahead.
Are you allowed to?
Yes, especially to you, dear.
Uh, let me, uh, give that post office box, dear friends,
if you have your pencils ready.
I got them ready.
This is for free information.
If you want to send a dollar, you'll get more.
Uh, but, uh, the address, just write to Bob
at box 140306.
Okay.
Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Thank you.
And I would point out that, uh, contributions are not tax deductible.
Okay, I got another question for you.
Yeah.
How does Norzark fit into all this?
Scribe?
You know, that's a good question.
Uh, we've often wondered, uh, you know,
just what, how wonderful the species must have been
before they had to interbreed like they did.
You know, when there were only two left of each one.
Mm.
Uh, left on Mount Ararat there.
Mm.
Uh, I mean, everything having to start from scratch
with only two sets of gene pools.
Ah, yeah.
Just think what magnificent animals and humans, I guess,
must have existed before then.
Close my mind.
Well, we've got the answers to that in the book of The Subgenius,
which you can buy.
Yeah, and, uh, but we can't, uh...
Yeah, I'm not supposed to...
...run labs, exactly.
I believe in the power of the imagination to change the world.
Yeah, that's what it's all about.
To release all the prisoners and the Polish all-oppressing systems
for whom the most frightening idea is freedom!
Praise Bob.
I believe in the vision of a new revolution,
in millions of people dancing in the streets,
holding flaming steam irons in their hands,
and singing the international anthem of Neoism.
I believe in the lunatics of impossible utopias,
in the creators of the Himalaya, in time travelers,
plastic soldiers, immortal superheroes,
Dracula, Frankenstein, Monty Genshin.
I believe in Bob and in the church of the subgenius,
in the 14 secret masters of the universe,
in the Rivington School, in computer graphics conspiracy,
in any underground and fictional organizations.
I believe in the beginnings, in Mondays,
in January 1st, in midnight.
I believe in the architecture of bridges,
spaceships and swimming pools.
I believe in the ecstasy of aliens.
I believe in the beauty of flowing floods,
in the reality of fleeting in a disco club in Transylvania.
I believe in my own gold bust,
made from chocolate, bread, and all kinds of vegetables.
I believe in number six,
in six o'clock, in the six-figure club,
in the sixth ladder of Neoism.
N-E-O-I-S-M!
Every six minutes,
we must try,
a new head.
Every six minutes,
we must change our soul.
Every six minutes,
we have to build a bunker.
Every six minutes,
we must destroy a wall.
More, more,
crucifixions.
More, more,
passion shows.
More, more,
we did it again.
More, more,
every six minutes,
must have another meaning.
Every six minutes,
we must be born again.
More, more, crucifixions.
More, more, passion shows.
More, more, we did it again.
More, more.
I believe in an empty room,
filled with a million minds,






and the incongruous cultures,
of Venus!
And I'm sure,
we all do.
Dear friends,
that was Istvan Kantor.
Monty Kan...
The Istvan Kantor version of Monty Canson,
anyway,
in his...
From his album,
Aura Neoismus.
And,
uh...
Thank you, dear friends. Stay tuned after this brief message for a long message from Father Joe Mama. Thank you.
We're just outside an auditorium on the second floor of a large university class building where right now a history class is being taught.
Greg, class enrollment is up this quarter and there are 317 students in there.
I see you've chosen as your weapon the M16 on loan from the U.S. Army.
Remember, folks, join the people who join the Army.
And now, Greg, tell us why you picked this particular firearm.
Well, I like the high rate of fire and the penetration.
All right, Greg, you have 10 seconds to prepare yourself.
And when the buzzer sounds, your dream will come true.
The Open医cket
The Open医cket
Greg, are judges counting?
Only 16 people left alive.
Oh, did I miss some? I'm sorry.
Oh, stop!
Well, you got them all that time, Greg,
and our judges award you a $500 bonus.
Greg, your dream has come true.
Tell us how you feel.
Well, I feel just great, except for one thing.
What's that, Greg?
I can't figure out how I'm going to carve 317 notches on my gun.
Well, I'll get by.
We know you will, Greg.
And thank you for joining us on Your Dream Comes True.
Thank you.
And...
And remember...
Hello, friends, and welcome.
Tonight's sermon is entitled,
How Stupid Do You Think God Is Anyway?
That's right, friends.
Tonight we're calling the question,
the question that has plagued intellectuals for time immortal,
not how many angels can sit on the end of a pen.
The clergy that worry about that have obviously got something up their ends
that they're sitting on because, friends,
God hasn't got eternity to waste on such nonsense.
What do you think he is, anyway?
Some sort of stupid idiot?
Well, he ain't.
God's the white, most intelligent, most creative idiot
in the entire universe.
It's true, friends.
God is the most clever comedian of all time.
He is the most fanatic of fools,
the most penultimate of pranksters,
the jester with the most jokes.
Now, I can hear a few of the self-righteous subgenies out there
who say,
Father Jemima, God is serious,
so serious that he let his only regarded salesman suffer assassination.
And you know, that's the joke of it.
Don't you see?
Who else but J.R. Bob Dobbs would take getting shot to death,
and then find it funny?
Little wonder he was selected for the job.
Little wonder he sitteth on the ticklish side of our silly savior.
Well, that old son of a gunner.
Who but J.R. Bob Dobbs could appreciate the comic genius of the cosmos?
Now, I can hear the stiff necks of the subhumans out there
swaying back and forth,
and they shake their big heads and puny little minds in disagreement.
Nay, nay, sayeth the sheep.
There is nothing funny about God.
There is nothing funny about God Almighty.
Well, let me tell you something.
These folks wouldn't know a funny joke if I looked them in the face,
which it does every morning when they brush their teeth,
if they so bother.
Ha!
These are some of God's funniest jokes,
and some of the best jokes on the planet.
They live together, they grow together,
and yes, they even breed together,
and yet they still don't get it.
Blasphemy!
I just hope some of them will listen tonight, friends,
so they'll know how ridiculous they are,
and how much they make God and the rest of us laugh.
Not with the mic.
But,
at them.
Oh, how they do provide us with endless hours of mirth.
Their self-righteous morals,
their politics,
their appointed leaders,
and I do use quotation marks,
their pop culture,
their bad taste in art,
and above all,
their conformity to the lowest possible common denominator.
Oh, but let us not forget the ultimate and satirical irony, friends.
Their false prophets,
and hilarious,
holy hierarchy.
And, all the while,
their straight-faced,
deadpan condemnation
of the only true
and correct religious doctrine,
the Bob-inspired,
Bob-sanctioned,
and Bob-approved
church-to-the-top genius,
Barabo Barombo!
Who among us could possibly be upset about that?
It's like watching your dog walk through the glass sliding door for the umpteenth time.
They're just too stupid to learn.
And, you know,
the more he does it, the funnier it gets.
That's right, friends.
It's becoming a running gag.
And we love it.
Don't stop, no, please.
It's killing us, really.
Ha ha!
In fact, we'd enjoy another refrain of fire and brimstones.
There's no time when he gets a chance.
You know, that's becoming a cult favorite.
Just thinking of it makes me giddy.
We're going to hell,
and you're going to heaven.
And God's going to spend eternity with you?
Ha ha!
Well, at the risk of spoiling the punchline, friends,
who do you think God's going to want to spend eternity with?
I mean, really.
The ones who laugh at his jokes?
Or the ones who are his jokes?
And just a preview of heaven and hell while we're on the topic, if you don't mind.
By your own definition,
heaven is going to be a place where you all stuck together,
forever and ever,
and the same conspiracy religion rules apply.
That's right, friends.
No cursing, no cheating, no fighting, no thinking dirty thoughts,
and no doing dirty deeds.
And that means no sex, no drugs, no rock and roll,
just eternal holding of hands and singing a praise.
Well, friends, if you want to call that heaven,
you go right ahead.
Keep on calling it that.
And who knows?
You know, you may even enjoy it for a few million years.
But, friends, if you really think God thinks that's heaven,
and God's going to enjoy listening to you and that,
and Betty singing out of key hymns forever and ever,
well, friends, just how stupid do you think God is anyway?
Here endeth the twelfth lesson.
Praise Baba.
Amen.
.
No, no, no, that's a different show.
A show called the whatever it is now.
Oh, the Galingi Hour.
Yeah, right.
Well, we thought that the public was ready for Galingi,
and his friends, his little dog, his girlfriend,
his kindly old lovable uncle.
.
And now, look, incredible spin-offs, cartoon shows,
the Broadway musical still running, the movie,
the clubhouses, the franchises, the restaurants,
all from the one inspiration of Teenage Mutant Ninja Galingis.
Yeah, amazing.
Teenage unwed mutant turtles.
Yeah.
Teenage unwed, I can't say it, teenage unwed pregnant mutant turtles.
Yeah, you just did, and look what happened.
It is.
You weaken our reality that way.
And look, even the callers are responding.
You've hit someone's sore spot all right, mister.
I sure hope so.
I hope you're happy.
I poked at him long enough with this stick.
Yeah, hit his tennis elbow, his funny bone.
Listen to that pained laughter.
I hear the toad croaking at the bottom of the sound well.
It's still connected.
We've got a problem here on the air.
The toad, the power mower caught, chewed and clipped at the leg
with a kind of hobbling hop his gun to the guard.

And there that chopped up toad cries his heart out.
How many cries?
Because there's a lot of toad there.
Does it croak, grunt, or vogue?
The rare and original heart's blood flows flat on the earth when you hide.
I used to have some flowing, flat toad here.
The branch kept my anus, Barry.
That's the same old, Aunt Bertha always did that.
Till his batrachian eye turns towards the sky.
And there's some mystic monotone.
Toward mistant and ebullient seas.
Why do my frogs no longer sing?
And cooling shores.
Toward lost amphibious emperies.
Look, there's my nude.
Really, how's that work?
What are the plans for these ten guys?
The laughing toad of Burma and Malaysia inhabits the tropical forest.
Yes, it's only another nine minutes until the eggy, the Smith eggy descends upon us all.
Yes, old father time is gimping toward his car.
And it's only 26 minutes till showtime.
Aw, come on, it's not like that.
A collar?
There's a collar.
I have the collar down.
Are you giving up?
You don't want to helm the show anymore, Commander Spock?
This is where Dr. Howell and Gary BoFam and Puzzling Evidence all start arguing over the headphones.
And doing sort of inside routines about...
The show mechanism?
What?
No, none of us are going to operate the show mechanism because it's about time for me to flip my tape.
Friends, this is the end of side one of your subgenius radio ministry cassette live on the air tape show.
You may now flip over the cassette to play a side two.
Both sides of the story.
I wouldn't want to be me if I were you.
But the loss of love has made this mild matter.
I'm going to turn this mad man into a maniac.
A maniac who wants to make you a plaything.
And the fear awesome fact is, he knows how to do it.
The world that the child in each of us knows.
All he has to do is ask you to praise Bob.
A baby doll, take a bubble bath in a coffee can.
What are you talking about?
Feel the fantastic fear of living in a normal world.
That's right friends, the fear of living in a normal world and watching a baby take a bubble bath in a tin can.
And that's what you can learn from the church of the subgenius simply by calling the station here.
Or by sending...
For free information from Bob at the box number which we will give at the end of the broadcast in only half an hour.
Thank you.
I'm sorry doctor.
Three generations of unfit are enough.
Patricia not allowed.
She's not like the rest of the family.
She's a good girl, Judge.
I'm...
Oh, Dr. Brooks.
Are they going to make me go through with this?
Can't you get him to wait till tomorrow?
You're the only one who could help me now.
Please do.
You've just got to.
What is he looking for?
We're looking for a guy that's been peddling dope to school kids.
I'm going to take you on a sleigh ride with some snowbirds.
Sleigh rides? Snowbirds? In the summer?
Gosh, you are dumb.
I assume you will meet Jane Bradford.
What's the matter? Got a headache?
She's a young and innocent cocktail waitress.
Jane Bradford is about to lose that innocence.
When she meets J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Jane? Headache medicine.
Have some pills, Jane?
I feel better already.
We knew you would.
...sink ever deeper into a flat mile of moral decay.
The Church of the Subgenius.
You used to be sweet and clean.
I gotta have dope. I'm a hothead.
These departments are entirely too linear with these vicious exhibitions of sex.
You're entirely right, Henry.
But...
I still see what's happening to our government today.
But there's absolutely nothing illegal about running a church of the subgenius.
That is madness takes you behind the scenes.
Subgenius madness takes you behind the scenes where you will learn the story of young and innocent guerilla sins.
...and you will see it all.
No, you won't.
Not tonight, you won't.
Because...
Well, I don't know why exactly.
In fact, I'm...
I'm quite confused here.
Let's see if, uh...
Let's just tune over to the Berkley Show and see whether they've quit arguing over the headphones yet, shall we? Eh?
Oh, you're on the air.
Oh, no, you're not.
I don't know who's on the air.
Oh, no, I think we're on the air, but soon it's Emmet.
Yes, Emmet all over everything.
But, you know, go to the Emmet, thou sluggard, and be wise.
Observe the Pismire on his anthill.
Watch him lift things several times his size.
Don't you wish you could or will?
Emmet real or Emmet...
Memorex Emmet Powell.
Emmet...
Exploring the Grand Canyon.
Emmet, friends, just because these guys refer to Emmet a lot on their tapes.
He's the guy who follows the Subgenius Show in Berkley.
It happens to be a nice Christian broadcast on early Saturday mornings, which follows the Subgenius Show.
You can imagine sometimes when Emmet's a little bit late, just what terrible advantage these boys have been known to take.
And I was there once.
In fact, I'm going to be there next show, next KPFA show.
I'll be on the show.
And here's Emmet Powell driving his seven-story Cadillac through his own town.
And look.
That's funny, really funny.
So funny I could kill myself.
They're dying.
You're killing him.
No, look.
Look, here comes 4,000 people who are willing to vote for Emmet.
Oh, my God.
It's so funny.
It's so funny.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
But seriously, let's consider the problem.
Here are 16,000 angry citizens wanting to impeach Emmet as President of the United States.
They look pretty happy to me.
But let's go over that.
They show their anger in strange ways now.
Let's go over that again.
You say you thought you saw some sort of show.
Well, I'm fast-forwarding that show there.
Let's see.
Well, just for a moment, just for a moment now.
If you'd come to the Hello Robin show, sorry, our show is over for this week, but we'll
be asking you to return next week.
Two callers.
Two callers.
Well, let's see if we can talk to them.
How about the fellow you're on the air?
No, you're not.
And the fellow you're on the air.
I can't squeeze these callers in before the victory round.
Caller, if you have anything to say, this is your last chance to say it.
As I've confirmed to the wide range of artistic talent, you must understand, to various creative
elements, to hours and hours of work, to hours and hours of work, to hours and hours of work,

to hours and hours of weekly programming, the unexpected, the sense of timing.
You forgot serendipity and synchronicity.
And also the dark areas of pattern set off.
Yes, the dark side of the force.
We were seduced by the dark side of the show long ago.
Keep in play.
Wishful thinking.
Until next time, join us.
Squishful thinking.
Yes, it's a squirting universe, my friend.
But have you any concrete addendum to the program?
Uh, no, not at this moment.
Well, why are you occupying the airwaves then?
But while you chew that one over, hold on just a moment.
Oh my goodness.
Hello, you're on the air.
Arise from sleep, you helpless sheep, you rotted milling pack.
Go brush your teeth beyond the reef and pat me on the back.
I'd love to do that thing, but you are really out of line.
Hey, look.
Hey, this is my phone call now, guy.
You're going to have to hang up.
No, no, no.
I don't even know how to turn this off.

You know, I don't, I'm not sure what to do.
Here comes Emmett.
Now we're all in trouble.
Emmett, Emmett, Emmett, Emmett, Emmett.
What can we do?
We're in big trouble now.
You guys are going to have to bring the radio station back here.
Here comes Emmett.
That was a little bit exhausting and exasperating.
I apologize to our listeners.
That was an, uh...
He's going to be really mad when he gets here and finds out the station's been sold
to the street people.
I'm, I've got to, friends, I'm, I'm ashamed of the way this show is turning out.
Listen closely to this.

I'm going to have to end this message and we'll see you next week when everything's
all better.
I'll tell you.
Aloha.
And, um, bye.
All right, will you?
Oh, is that how the show, what a terrible way to end their show.
It just sort of peters off into the distance.
It, it just...
I'd be happy to.
I would too, but, uh, you know, they, they, uh, I mean, the way, the way you end a subgenius
show theoretically is to flop in a little cassette like this that has an, uh, an audio
track, uh, an inspiring song about Bob Dobbs and, you know, after you get really worked
up about how great Bob is, then you, uh, kill him.
Uh, because, you know, after all, as history has proven time and time again, a dead messiah
can get you a lot more mileage than a live one.
Praise, Bob, Bob is dead.
Long live Bob.
Uh, Bob sold it.
I smoked it.
That settles it.
Uh, yes.
Uh, Bob.



Yes.
That, that great saint of sales, that living avatar of slack, J.R. Bob Dobbs is available
even to you, dear friend.
I know you feel you're worthless or maybe you feel you're greater than everybody else,
but either way, you're, you feel alone and, uh, and you're not.
It would be so easy for you to step out of that glass cage, break out of that glass cage,
and, uh, write to J.R. Bob Dobbs at the post office number we'll give at the end of the
broadcast.
Thank you.
In his dead, new denny-ah-heh, the Dread Dobbs lies smokin' in his gray, t-z-shell.
The Dread Dobbs lies smokin'.
Piss your money away.
The Dread Dobbs lies smokin'.


There won't be no rainy day
If I will sell you all the sun
He's unlike with your Lord
But he ain't no man, he ain't no God
I don't wanna walk the path I've tried
He ain't no man, he ain't no God
I don't wanna walk the path I've tried
At his desk in Dallas
When Dreadops is smoking
Your mind is mirrored with the horse
When Dreadops is smoking
Light up your pipe, let go the smoke
This is slack, it ain't no joke
Brace me to bob, lift up your chain
And you will see
You will pay to know what you think
But he ain't no man, he ain't no God
I don't wanna walk the path I've tried
He ain't no man, he ain't no God
I don't wanna walk the path I've tried
He ain't no man, he ain't no
God engineering
Stainless steel
I do not read recommend A murderer
How would you tell me You're no man compared to Paul?


Oh, I'm a little dumb, so do I
He ain't no man, he ain't no God
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
He ain't no man, he ain't no God
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
I don't wanna walk the path of my child
139.5, something like that.
I think the genius IQ is measured at 140.
If you pay any attention to IQ tests, you are not a genius, period, or anywhere close.
Chances are, since you seem to recognize a little bit of that fact, then you're okay.
As far as coolness goes, obviously, you can't define cool in any given time.
Cool is defined by, say, quarter to quarter according to television seasons.
And it really has nothing to do with real human behavior.
Well, it would seem to me that cool would actually be a conspiracy plot
to keep people from living.
They're at their fullest potential.
Oh, exactly.
The conspiracy tells some people they're cool if they smoke crack, for instance.
It would tell other people they're cool if they make a lot of money.
The average subgenius does not worry about being cool at all.
They sometimes have to worry about being beat up.
But they're not trying to worry about being cool, no.
No, I'm confused.
I'm confused.
I worry, Ivan, about the term the average subgenius.
How can you average that which cannot be totaled?
I'm glad you brought that up.
There is no, by definition, there cannot be an average subgenius.
In fact, if there was one, we would kill that person.
Praise Bob.
On the air, preferably.
On the air.
I wish we could take your calls and we would kill you on the air right now, tonight.
We would indeed.
But, you know, that statement about coolness.
It's got me thinking, rather than play what I was going to play next,
I'm going to play what I'm going to play next.
Michael Pepe.
Got a problem?
Bring it to the friendly people.
People touching people.
People running against people.
People developing the nuclear first strike capability to incinerate people.
Sound like a flash in the pan?
It's got to be.
You don't settle for less.
You don't have to.
You're you.
And you've got needs bigger and more earth-shaking than your grandfather could have dreamed.
How do we keep bringing them to you, year after year, bigger and better?
By using the technology of tomorrow on the consumers of today.
The now people.
People on the go.
Going from smart shopper to new low value in the time it takes to dial our number.
Call now, won't you?
For more of what you've come to expect from us.
Style.
Mood.
A certain dependable kind of image.
An image of the way you'd like people to be.
Passive.
Pretty.
White.
As white as the complexion of our finest women.
Grown right here by our special process.
As white as the hair of God.
White as it was in life.
As white as the blank sheet on which we write your mind.
Who are we?
We're the happy people.
Happy to live in a world of images.
Images of war.
Family.
Crime.
Fun images that help rinse away unsightly self-images so you can get away from the privacy of your own home.
After all, aren't you what everything is?
You're what everything is here for.
You're what we're here for.
And we're so glad to be here, dear friends.
But we can't be here much longer, nay nay.
We've got to saddle up and ride on out of here.
Because Miss Kathy is coming in to do her show.
Or whoever is coming in to do whatever show in whatever town.
And this tape has to be heard in or bootlegged away to or sold to.
Or gosh.
All I can think is praise Bob and I'm going to go home and go to bed.
I'm going to shut out the lights.
I'm just going to dream about the slack to come.
Oh yes.
Next week at this same time.
And same Bob time, same Bob channel.
Thank you.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
There's no place to hide
Oh yeah
Let's burn the night in some day
Let's start a fire with a landing way
Let's all go crazy by the time
And let's all bring it to a time
Don't you be trusted
Let the lights go out
People act crazy
People start to shout
People huddle together
Try hard to feel
People party down but they
Don't know where they
Don't know where they're at
Gonna run outside
But stare to see
Just one big shoulder to me
Comfort me, Nancy
Comfort me, Nancy
Comfort me, Nancy
There's no place to hide
Oh yeah
Let's burn the night in some day
Let's start a fire with a landing way
Let's all go crazy by the time
And let's all bring it to a time
guitar solo
drum solo
Thank you.
Hey, let's turn the night into day.
Let's start a fire on the night away.
Let's all get crazy by night.
And let's all play with cat's eye.
Hey, let's turn the night into day.
Let's start a fire on the night away.
Let's all get crazy by night.
And let's all play with cat's eye.
Hey, let's turn the night into day.
Hey, let's turn the night into day.
Hey, let's turn the night into day.
Hey, let's turn the night into day.
Oh yeah.
Let's start a fire on the night.
Oh yeah.
Let's start created by lights.
All right.
But today we're having our Aiders American show.
seeing you story and you matching with us family and family in the world of family.
The rapples.





The way to the haciaépamina.com
Mar 아니.
