Bob.
But let's leave things of this world behind and walk now down the path of Bob for this brief minute of slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
Ah, yes, dear friends, this is Reverend Ivan Stang helping to answer the question, what is slack?
Now, alongside your normal everyday life, there's another life, one in which you have slack.
Man was born with original slack, yet most so-called civilized peoples don't believe in it, and their most learned scholars cannot even comprehend it.
And that, my friend, is why the idiot is closer to the divine.
Slack is something for nothing, that unreachable goal, that perfect hamburger towards which all seekers strive.
And to seek it, one must travel the path of least resistance and learn to try, never to try.
Now, friend, slack can neither be created nor destroyed.
If you don't have slack, it's somewhere it shouldn't be.
Who's got it, friend?
If you don't know, then, my friend, your only sane move would be to repent, quit your job, and slack off before you're too far gone.
Praise Bob!
Help me, somebody, let there be slack.
It's chaotic. It's chaotic. It's chaotic.
No slack, no slack.
No slack, no slack.
to me. There's a place down in Texas where the hip people meet. They got lots of slack.
Come along, you will see. It's the place called the Church of the Subgenie. Yeah.
Yeah. That's right, ladies. You want to live forever, you've got to sleep with Bob. But
hey, after all, isn't there a little Bob in all of us?
The place called the Church of the Subgenie.
Those other religions, they want 10% of your income right off the top. They want you to
provide for them in your will. They want you to pressure your government for billion-dollar
contributions. They want you to double your taxes so that they don't have to pay any.
And what does Bob ask for? 30 lousy bucks.
They're the ones with the extravagant cathedrals, the lush synagogues, the giant mosques, and
what they want is a place called the Church of the Subgenie.

What do we have? One hour a week on non-commercial radio.
Now, forgive me if I go out on a limb here, but doesn't that sound just a little lopsided?
Of course not. It sounds a lot lopsided. But we got something they don't have.
It's called slack. And I don't mean the artificial slack they try to market for a profit.
Hey, folks, play the lottery and win free slack.
Uh-uh. I'm talking about real slack. Internal slack. Slack from within.
The kind that feeds on itself like a breeder reactor. It radiates a warm, fuzzy glow that
lights up our lives. It's an inner peace they will never know. And therein lies the basic
difference in our religious philosophies. They stress pain, suffering, and sacrifice because on
the outside, they're not going to know. They're going to know that they're not going to know.

On the outside, they have everything. But on the inside, they have nothing.
They're morally bankrupt. Empty shells. Just poor, pathetic souls tormented by inner demons of guilt
and self-loathing. But we Subgenie, we are the exact opposite. While on the outside, we have so
little, on the inside, we have everything. And that's why we're smiling.
And Bob Dobbs is smirking because we're rich with slack. And for all their money, it's not for sale.
Herein is the word of Bob. Praise Bob. Amen.
Here I come.
Please
.
.
.
.





The ball, the best of kids play
Johnny thinks he buys friendship that way
Johnny got beat, Johnny got mugged
Johnny got robbed, Johnny got slugged
Johnny got robbed, he's still the night
The head's at the look, the other way
Johnny got robbed, it's still the night
Johnny got robbed, it's still the night
The head's at the look, the other way
Johnny got robbed, it's still the night
Getting more gold, jewelry stocks and bonds
Johnny's got statues on his arm
Seven-inch, open, level, seen
Johnny's got the life of a true man
Johnny's got a tooth, he's got his bridge
The best part of him is he's got the best of it
Johnny's got all kinds of credit cards
And a life right through his backyard
Johnny got robbed, it's still the night
The head's at the look, the other way
Johnny got robbed, it's still the night
Johnny got robbed, it's still the night
The head's at the look, the other way
Johnny got robbed, it's still the night
He's got chicks on both of his arms
But not because of his manly charms
It's not the way, he likes to snort
It's the party that they find inside
And by the way, he's got a better life than him
Thank you.
It's School for Life!
This isn't a song about school children.
It's not a song about chatting.
This is a song about a class struggle.
This song is about the haves and the have-nots.
You know how it is.
When you're a have-not, you rip off the has for everything you can.
And when you're a have, you exploit the have-nots for every ounce of labor you can get from them for as little amount of money as possible.
That's why Johnny got robbed.
That's why.
Boys would be boys and boys can't be cruel.
Johnny shouldn't take his valuables to school.
Boys have hope and boys have heart.
Johnny and his money gonna have to pound.
Johnny's feet are stuck with a cricket bat.
His wallet was a little fat.
Now his broken body lays on the ground.
A Bible grade, a level bound.
Johnny got robbed.
It's School for Life!
Well, hey, that's a little bit of a yellow line.
Johnny got robbed.
It's School for Life!
Johnny got robbed.
It's School for Night.
The hands have to look the other way.
Johnny got robbed.
It's School for Day.
shots16
BUTTONRO Дж, JIMCO, JOHNNY, STREETBUGGER
SMASH

jokes16
ben短
THE BARBIE
HATES
Good night.
He deserves everything he gets.
Oh!
Oh, the Swingin' Love Corpses, dear friends, live at Off-Broadway on May 11th, 1991.
Today, however, is October 18th, 2002.
And at least it is in my time here in recording past.
And this is Hour of Slack number 860.
Friends, before the Swingin' Love Corpses, we heard Papa Joe Mama preaching.
And before that, a place called Church of the Subgenius.
And I can't remember who did that.
That and other pieces in this show are from ancient Hours of Slack, taped off the radio by Dr. Humdinger.
Praise Dr. Humdinger.
He taped them off the radio back in the day and turned them into 13 CDs.
And his favorites, which he gave me at X-Day, which are easy for me to pull for this show,
instead of going back to the original master tapes, which I don't even know which ones they are.
And this, friends, is what we call Subgenius Progress.
Suppose someone cried,
Halt! Stop this progress!
Suppose I shouted to the world, make an end to this progress.
I could talk, talk.
Radio is everywhere.
This modern world.
Full of voices.
I'm a master craftsman.
I have the right to talk.
Yes, but will they listen to you?
They'll listen, just them.
If I shout, arise, awake.
Stop this progress before it is too late.
You want all the marvels because you're not supposed to be wrong.
Your answer will be in trouble when Big Daddy comes home.
You give them all to him and now you want them back.
You're the master performed by a hack.
Was it you who said to him that it was okay?
You bought yourself security by selling your rights away.
Was it you proclaiming there are only shades of grey?
What will you do now?
You think you're digging your own grave?
The lie you took for granted.
Is there anything left to save?
You put it out of your mind.
You chicken shit to save.
Then the fact of the matter is,
E.E.
Big Daddy's gonna grab you and lead you to the club.
The one that you gave him saying,
I don't need it, bub.
A heavy price to pay for an apartment and a meal.
What difference does it make if everything's unreal?
Was it you who said that he could kiss your ass?
Not if he's only four that can run.
Why not give it a try?
Now you find yourself kissing your own ass.
Goodbye.
Bon voyage.
Have a nice trip.
You were such a damn fool.
You lost your grip.
What the hell does it take
to get you to awaken?
No matter what you say.
A equals A equals A equals A equals A.
Black is black.
White is white.
Day is day.
Night is night.
Nature is what it is.
Regardless of what you would like.
Man, I'm sick of your nonsense.
Go take a hike.
I'm finally in the cap.
Sliting facing the sun.
Do you see theự
Once on a swimming boat?
Look like Amazon's


While you have heaven which might cause you sorrow,
that's where it's gonna take your soul.
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Zug's Riff, dear friends.
Zug's Riff, dear friends.
Starting with this show, I'm going to play every Zug's Riff song in alphabetical order,
and that song was A equals A.
This is coming off of a 30th anniversary 2CDR set that has 175 Zug's Riff songs from 1971 to 2001.
The great, great Zug's Riff can be reached by you.
You, if you have a pencil ready, at, got that pencil ready?
Now?
Zug's Riff at, thank you, Fine Lying Brothers, at 6520 Platt Avenue.
That's Platt Avenue, number 184, West Hills, California.
9-1-3-0-7-3-2-1-8.
Again, that's...
9-1-3-0-7-3-2-1-8.
For Zug's Riff, also at Zug's Riff dot, uh, 4MG dot com.
That's Zug's Riff at, uh, 4MG dot com.
Don't let her know.
And now, friends, a word from Reverend Tesla Coyle.
There is concern.
There is concern and discussion this morning that maybe hypnosis is a shorter range weapon.
The Washington area sniper may have used it in his last shooting Monday night.
Police may have used more than one vehicle.
And or two shooters.
In previous attacks, but a witness to the seven corner shootings is using Colt AR-15 or Ruger Mini-14.
What does it mean and how does that whole scenario lay out to you?
Where's Tim Harvey McOswald when we meet him?
Good shot.
I was trying to conflagute those names.
I was trying to conflagrate them.
Where is he, though, now that we truly need him?
He's at sniper school, I think.
Don't let go.
Scary.
The suburban area.
No, we can't do that, can we?
You know, Mr. Sister pointed out that somebody gets killed in Washington, D.C. every day on the average anyway.
So why are they so upset?
Well, they usually know who's doing it to them.
Right, it's suburban.
So it's like normal people.
People who live in the...
Not crazy.


Crackheads.
Well, and anyone who lives around crackheads.
It's like, well, sir, is he right for being poor?
Well, sure, of course people get shot there.
Duh.
Or living in those neighborhoods trying to be multicultural.
Actually, he said...
What I wanted to do is get poor and start taking crack.
He said, I suspect what it is is there's a kind of a bag limit of about five or so per...
Well, they've moved the bag limit up to nine right now.
Predator.
That movie Predator.
I didn't know that.
I didn't think about it.
That's what they're not telling us.
These people are having their spines ripped out and their heads removed.
And their spinal fluids are...
Mysteries of the unexplained.
Their spinal fluids are drunk from cups of scour.
Mothbag.
As seen through the eyes of the Bob.
Mothbob.
The Predator.
The Trophy Hunter.
Cravenbob the Hunter.
Wes Craven the Hunter.
Wes Craven.
Bob Crane the Hump.
Hey, dude.
First rule of Sniper Club.
Don't talk about Sniper Club.
Right.
You will die.
There ain't no lie.
Won't do you no good to try to figure out why.
It may come at the hands of a beautiful girl.
It may come at the hands of an insane world.
It may be the result of an act of God.
It may be the result of an incompetent God.
It may come as you compression out of the sky.
But one thing is certain.
That is, you will die.
You will die!
You'll be dead.
Yeah, that's what I said.
Won't change a thing.
The jets go back to bed
It may happen as you're scrolling
Down the street
It may happen in the middle of a blissful sleep
It may come after years and years and years
Of pain
It may hit you too quick
To register in your brain
It may find you in a belly full of lead
But sooner or later
You will have to be dead
You'll be no more
Oh, what a bore
Can watch TV or even go to the store
You may find someone else's political blaze
You may walk into a lethal dose of cabarets
You may shoot up something that's a bit too pure
You might catch a disease that has no cure
You may walk into a lethal dose of cabarets
You could have lots of comedy
If it's the ultimate war
But eventually
You'll be no more
You'll be no more
You'll be no more
You'll be no more
You'll be no more
You'll be no more
You'll be no more
You'll be no more
You'll be no more

You'll be no more
You'll be no more
Life's been so boring lately
The days go by
And they're all just the same
I go to work and I come home
Just to learn the best Давай
And I come home

Life could be much more intriguing
If I could just make it a big lease
If I could just make it a big lease
Oh, I
Wanna be a football hero
I wanna hear the crowds cheering for me I wanna be a football hero
I want to be on the color TV All my friends will be talking about it
I'd be a star if there was no doubt about it But my life's such a drag
I wanna be a football hero so bad
Well I'd be so highly respected For my football play abilities
I'd get autographs and interviews And those stories in the newspaper about me
And these commercials on the television With running through emblems just like O.J. Simpson
Oh I wanna be a football hero
Oh I wanna be a football hero
I wanna hear the crowds cheering for me I wanna be a football hero
I want to be on the color TV All my friends will be talking about it
I'd be a star if there was no doubt about it But my life's so sad
I wanna be a football hero so bad
Oh the sound of the crowd is so enticing
Oh the thrill of it all would be so exciting
Yeah!
Theا
Thea
Laa
Tó

chimera
Tó
Owoy
Kamado
Tó
Omega
welche
Rosa
Death
Astro


Fate
Ea
Another faceless name
Life could be much more intriguing
If I could just make it in the big leagues
Oh, I wanna be a football hero
I wanna hear the crowd cheering for me
I wanna be a football hero
I want to be on the color TV
All my friends have been talking about it
I'd be a star if it snowed down
I'm bound to it with my life such a drag
I wanna be a football hero, so say
I wanna be a football hero
Oh, Football Hero by the Pink Boys
Led by Dr. X, one of the earliest subgeniuses
Friends, ah, well, enough of, you know, this war stuff
It just makes me wanna hide and escape
Come into your kindergarten tomorrow
Don't worry about it
The spirit of Bob Crane is speaking to your children
Hey, no problem, don't worry about it
He is dancing in the pale moonlight
You're not going to fight
Don't worry about it
Pointing to his hair and his glistening pubis
As he sings in a high bird-like voice
Just let them do what they want to do
Don't worry about it
Make your body a vessel of this great land
Sign up, line up and re-enlist today
You are needed for Uncle Sam's war machine
Did you hear about, like,
They used to do LSD experiments on the soldiers
And I guess there's some secret Prozac experiments
That's what happened to Elvish
Yeah, and they didn't know what the proper dose was
So they were overdosing soldiers
Well, they were also giving them, uh
They had to give them LSD
Biological weapons
They had to break out the old stash of LSD to bring them back
Yeah, so they could withstand the biological warfare experiments
That's from that Prozac coma
Well, first we dosed them out of the tox
Now we're gonna give them some acid
And see how they took to it
Where do you think, Doctor?
Where did Doctor Legume came from?
I thought he was the spawn of hell
And came out from under a rock
That's what everybody says
He's used in those army experiments
Where they gave them these drugs
That they thought might give them psychic powers
Because the Russians were studying that
And were way ahead of them
They cannot make you fly, Corporal Leethook
Psychic warfare
Oh yes, you're gonna flip and fly
Like one of the little gods' children of the air
Look at your feet, they're already getting bigger
Like a pair of duck
Vrooom!
Unfortunately, the mutant power that Legume got
Was the ability to read guinea pigs' minds
Yeah, and also read backwards
And this is how he gleans the future from the minds of a guinea pig
He actually reads people's minds
This is a very, very arcane, very arcane skill
And only entrusted to a few
A mutated gene born into the
War guinea pigs
War pig
The pigs
Are you being fattened up to be a war pig, Private?
Private Pyle
Are you gonna wear those epaulettes like barbecue sauce?
Private Pyle
You know, what are they gonna do?
They can't
It's kinda hard to bring the
The kids, you don't have to worry about the draft coming back
You just don't have to worry about the draft coming back
Because
This American Army and Navy
They all know that
American children are
A bunch of little fat asses
They would never cut the training, you know
It's gotta be a volunteer force
You know, it's gotta be
Gung-ho people, you know, just do it
Nike, you know, shtick going
But this is how the corporate state has sliced our freedom
And the rest are all the little fat bodies
Disgusting little fat bodies in front of television sets
That's me
Soaking up
They don't want me
Nestle Crunch bars
I'm a disgusting fat body
Gray, flaccid skin
I'll stay home
Moistened by the pale light
Forehead
The artificial light beamed in from the great centurion pacto
The artificial light beamed in from the great centurion pacto
There they lie
Eating television
Either that or they're gonna send the fat bodies over
And don't give them guns
Just give them knives and forks
Yeah
Yeah, give them silverware
Just give them computers
A wave of fat bodies rolling into Baghdad
With knives and forks
Getting ready to eat, you know
We are not halal
The attack of the American fat body
Sl companious
Santana
Sl comparing videos
networking
??
sits
estanru
minority
pleaded
to be
big
ит
Slack Pigs Pork Slack by Heart Ignition.
And friends, by the way, this music we've been hearing in the background throughout the show is by the Flying Ryan Brothers.
And you can get their new CD Legacy from, well, you can get the information from Ryanetics.com.
Spells like Dianetics.com or R-Y-A-N-E-T-I-C-S.com.
And you are listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack, friends.
And you can always find us on the internet anywhere at www.subgenius.com.
Praise God.
Imagine the letter O like a star, like a sun, like a blazing beacon of bobness,
floating in the endless night of pink fear and pinker embarrassment and self-loathing.
Imagine the glorious letter O, floating like a donaty, bountiful,
beauteous beacon in that endless night.
Darkest night.
Imagine now another B, a brave and bold letter B,
chasing around and around that O until we have a blazing band of golden B.
Slice across this band, glance across this disc of B-ness into the heart of Onis
and emerge again and again into eternal B attitude.
And dive across.
Across the disc of Bobness again and again.
First B, then the eternal sinner of O-O-Bness.
And finally, as firstly, B.
Unending, unbeginning, B-O-B.
B-O-B, B-O-P, B-O-B-O-B-O-B-O-B-O-B-O-B-O-B-O.
B-O-B-O-B-O-B-O-B-O-B-O-B-O.
Now turn the record over.
Is there anything religion can do to help?
me find my friend? Well, we could join together in prayer. Uh-huh. But is there anything useful we can do?
No. It is the subgenius sacrilege. And yet, in the interest of open theological debate,
we will consider just this once, the question of what if we're wrong.
Now, theoretically speaking, not that it is statistically probable, but hypothetically,
imagine if you can, a world come July 5th, 1998, where there is no excess invasion.
Oh, it's painful. It's painful, dear friends, I understand. But remember, this is only theoretical.
A planet that is not surrounded by an angry alien spacecraft. A globe not littered. A
globe not completely polluted with the corpses of conspiracy dupes.
Oh, dear friends, it would be a sick society, still dominated by pigs and normals.
An earth where corporations, governments, and well-equipped armies still loyal to the system
continue to uphold the status quo. They fight to maintain their tight totalitarian grasp on the
very throat of freedom. Oh, it's a nightmarish vision, indeed, one that makes my head spin,
but one we will contemplate nonetheless in the interest of free and open debate.
Yes, dear friends, this dark future of Dobbsian defeat and conspiracy conquest,
this desperate future where the last of genius forces are holed up in the underground bunkers
awaiting the final onslaught by conspiracy mercenaries, is a vision we do not want to
contemplate, but we'll this one last time. As the Kelvin bombs explode far above on the
planetary surface, stay, and his subgenius generals huddle beneath the flickering,
flickering lightbulb, pouring over maps of subgenius tunnels, subway tunnels, and underground
sewers, examining any and all possible attack routes. They will be determined, determined to
fight to death and take the maximum number of normals with them. Why? Because we hate you!
Woo!
They will be dedicated to honoring Bob's
victory. Bob, through a dignified Dobbsian death, it is even, it is then that some weak
of heart heretic will step forward, probably some Bobby who always dreamed of being a real
subgenius warrior for a little time. But when the chips are down for Dobbs wants to cash
out, this weak-willed wannabe Bobby will show his first real courage when he steps forward
and whines, but Reverend Stang,
Bob!
You promised we'd have something to show for our victory.

Bob, you promised we'd pay us for our, for our membership fee.
The bunker will fall silent like a tomb. The collective gasp will cause the barrel of
Daniel Webster will proclaim the same answer I gave the Christian in the parking lot, and
that is this. Even in Hell, we'll have the one thing the conspiracy tried to deny from
us all our living lives.
Woww!

the one human right they'll never be able to take from us again,
no matter how much they lie about what we did or what they didn't do.
It's the one virtue Christians will never obtain,
no matter how much they beg, pray, or grovel to their God.
I'm talking about respect!
Self-respect!
The only commodity that can't be bought, traded, negotiated,
or stolen in any of the conspiracy marketplaces.
Appreciate it! Hallelujah!
It's a concept foreign to all pinks and normals who serve the system.
They may have stolen our freedom, our slack, and even our lives,
but by virtue of our very defiance to them and their ways,
we've earned a self-respect they can't even pretend to want.
And you want to know why?
Because they're religious!
Our religion is based on submission, while ours is based on independence!
Praise Bob!
Give me a praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
So that, dear friends, is our answer.
That's what we get even if we're wrong come Judgment Day.
The honor and dignity of self-respect earned through a lifelong fight for independence and freedom.
Only the devil could possibly resent a man for wanting to be free.
Any God that wouldn't want his followers to be free is no savior,
but a tyrant, an enslaver of souls, a devil in disguise.
And that leads me to my question to the Christian.
Among you wanted lives happening when the
It's terribly original, so brace yourself for it.
What if, what if you're wrong, come Judgment Day?
Please think carefully before you answer, dear friend
Because remember, your very soul dangles in the balance
And it is the word of our praise, Bob
Amen
Praise Father Joe Mama
Oh yes, dear friends, praise Father Joe Mama
Friends, what Father Joe Mama was saying about that one side of the conspiracy
It makes you wonder, it makes you wonder which side of the conspiracy is running things
I started getting paranoid about, well, the Masons, let's say, let's just say
For all I know, I'm really worried about the Illuminati
But, you know, it started with that Americo
Online logo, which is a triangle with a circle in the middle of it
Looks just like the old eye in the pyramid
Or the eye above the pyramid
You know, and I mentioned that to my friend Emot
And Emot said, oh, that's just the beginning of it
Haven't you noticed those triangles, the eyeball shapes are just everywhere
And in fact, they've even gotten quite obvious about the names of these businesses
He goes, ever noticed?

The red arches that form a big M of the Sonic Hamburgers
Get it? Sonic? Masonic?
I think I'll have Masonic Burger now
Or, he goes, did you know that Philip Morris cigarettes and General Foods
Were both owned by this gigantic conglomerate, Kraft Foods?
Kraft?
As in, The Kraft?
Yes, friends
And not to mention, when they reported
That they were going to replace that Popeyes place next door with Church's fried chicken
Uh-huh
But it doesn't stop there
If you look around, next time you drive through town, friend
Just keep your eyeballs open
You may see things you didn't want to see
Buildings one after another that look like
Well, like the Temple of Solomon
If it's not the arches, it's that Temple of Solomon shape
That you see etched onto Masonic apron's and symbols
Uh, my old supermarket nearby here
Menards, I believe he pointed out
Looks just like that
All of the Sam Walton stores
Walmart, Sam's, Hypermart
They're in the grand Masonic design, my friends
Computer places
Computer City, Discovery Zone
The Best Buy stores
All subtle Masonic symbols
And go buy your local water pumping station
The Gas Company
Uh, the Gas Company in most small towns
Is in the same business as the M's and M's
And building as a Masonic lodge, my friends
The Electric Company
They all, all of them, my friends
Are part of one conspiracy or another, you know
And, but what do they
Well, you try to talk about things like this
And they call you, well, the polite term
Conspiracy researchers
Or conspiracy buffs
Or conspiracy nuts
Or conspiracy coups
Or conspiracy crackpots, my friends
Those are the real polite terms
For the folks who attempt merely to lift the veils
Peer under the rocks
And pry into the business of the authorities
So-called
What I want to know is, friends
How come the conspiracy researchers
Get worse pressed than some of the conspiracy perpetrators?
Heh
Yeah
It must be a conspiracy
And, you know, I can wax as sarcastic as the next guy
About some conspiracy theories
I like to think I'm skeptical to the bone
But I actually do believe a large percentage
Of those conspiracy theories
And worse still, I believe in the conspiracy
Yes, the plot
By ordinary, normal, everyday people
To label conspiracy researchers
As loonies
Or as a part of a conspiracy
Now, contrary to unpopular opinion, friends
It's still possible to use mass media
To expose mass media conspiracies
But you have to couch your expose carefully
You have to make it look like a satire
Or a comic book
Or a radio show
Like this one
Which is pieced together from the dead parts of history books
And, of course, some conspiracy theories are just that
They're just theories
Improbable, paranoid, predicated on few facts
Like the one about the masons creating the greys
They've obviously got it backwards
Others are founded on pure coincidence
And these, I would consider kooky, wouldn't you?
But then, you know, one man's a paranoid lunatic
Is the next man's dedicated researcher
And, you know, the problem is the domino effect, though
And, you know, the problem is the domino effect, though
There's those who see conspiracies everywhere
Literally everywhere
The crazy old bircher lady who fears commies under her bed
Isn't just a stereotype
Nor is the religious nut who sees satanists everywhere
Nor the UFO cultist who mistakes something that could be cured with Prozac
For messages from the Space Brothers
But, you know, there might be something, a sum of it
And once you're fairly sure of that, you know, you're in for a good time

But once you're fairly sure of the conspiracy theory
That's you pretty fairly sure of one conspiracy theory
It starts to tie into neighboring conspiracy theories
And pretty soon you'll believe in quite a few conspiracy theories
And you start to sound like one of those nuts
Unless you're selective about who you tell it to
And that's one of the things that inclines you towards the conspiracy view of history
Is the way the more trusting people around you respond to the very idea
or the fight is already broken
But, you know, one of the things that inclines you towards the conspiracy view of history is the way the more trusting people around you respond to the very idea

Don't try discussing the CIA's more heinous misdeeds in polite society.
People edge away.
Out somewhere.
Jump on the locked plane.
And you'll find.
You'll leave the conspiracy noose far behind.
And if you think this is all just a scam.
You'll be wishing you believed when the shit disappeared.
As we kill you.
It's so beautiful.
You've got a friend in mind.
You've got a friend in mind.
When the exits come out of the sky.
And all the media presence start to die.
All you fools with your.
Pathetic jobs.
Will wish they'd listen to the word of dogs.
And if you never said in your thirty bucks.
It's gonna look like you'll get royally fucked.
With a bone to live in a bar.
You've got a friend in mind.
You've got a friend in mind.
You've got a friend in mind.
Bugs revelations of a cyborg's pain.
Reveals the subgenius.
Destiny.
Cast out false prophets.
Extra meditate.
So set thirty bucks.
You've got a friend in mind.
Before it's too late.
For you've got a friend in mind.
You've got a friend in mind.
July 5th, 1998.
Seven a.m.
I can hardly wait.
The sex goddesses.
Will take me away.
I'll party down with Jesus and JFK.
Sex hurt with the heart of a Babylon.
Front to the gills.
The party rages on.
For eternity.
And eternity.
And so will you.
You've got.
P 102.
One right now.
Two in every cell.


You've got a friend in mind.
You've got a friend in mind.
Three things you can get.
It's only after midnight.




Well, I heard the American military, especially in the special forces guys, their likelihood of beating the crap out of their woman and creating domestic violence is five times higher than the national average.
Wow.
I can't believe there's that many uppity women around.
That's such a shame.
Especially on a military base like that where they ought to show their face and not their ace.
I mean, show their ace and not their face.
Well, they're just putting them through a little basic training, that's all.
They got to learn how to tear that M-16 apart and put it back together in five minutes.
They got to put the socks on the right drawer.
They got to put the socks on the right drawer.
Five minutes?
You get five minutes?
Oh, I mean it's five seconds.
You'll be dead in five minutes.
Yeah, you'll be dead in five minutes.
You'll be dead.
The whole state will be dead.
The whole North Coast will be dead and wiped out by the time you get that gun put back together.
I think that's what's going to happen to America.
I can just see millions and billions of soldiers unable to use their guns or put them together sitting around errantly going,
No, no.
This is wrong.
No, wait a minute.
I got to.
Oh.
Jeez.
No, that's just the reserves.
We have reserves?
It's a regular army.
They don't know how to do it.
Private Lonesome, you make me sick.
You are the slowest soldier in this force.
Give me 25.
I'm going to cut your balls off so you cannot infect the planet.
25 reach arounds right now.
Down on your knees, Private.
Down on your face.
The man coined accordion of lonesome cowboy David placed on his duffer bag.
Fat body.
You're the Oreo cookie in this circle, jerk, Private.
He knew enough to wear his helmet on his ass so the flack wouldn't come up through the bottom of the helicopter and remove the top of his skull.
Like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like.
What kind of a sandbox is this?
I know.
I don't know.
It is a stinky sandbox.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's like very, very bad kitties.
It's like really, really, really out there, man.
The kitties ate all the lamb chops.
I don't know.
And all of the tuna.
And now it is coming out the wrong type.
I'm calling you, Private.
Sir, 5 foot 9, sir.
5 foot 9.
I didn't know they stacked shit that high.
There is nothing more un-private than a private in the U.S. military.
You are about as public as they get.
We can always go back to this.
Private Dobbs, Ben Nolan's friend.
Pull that pipe out of there.
What have we done?
That pipe.
What did you put that pipe up in there for?
What did you get that pipe?
Let me take a look inside that box.
What do you got in there?
Look at that.
I can't believe he wrote that in such a, like in four and a half minutes.
Well, it's sad.
Well, the shackles are going back on.
It's time to fix some more road.
To clear some more levee.
And to drain some more deltoid.
I'm going to drain my deltoids all afternoon.
Come in there and drink a water.
No, I'm not giving you any water until you finish your work.
Lord, give me a drink of water.
No, no, no.
And no candy until you finish spinning the road.
Who's that riding?
Who wrote the book on the seventh seat?
You know crime.
Nice and 12.
A person.
And three he led away.
Say, what's with me when I walk?
Till I go yonder and pray.
Tell me who's that riding?
Who?
Tell me who's that riding?
Who's that riding?
Who's that riding?
Who wrote the book on the seventh seat?
I don't know.
Who's that riding?
Who's that riding?
I don't know.
Tell me who's that riding?
I don't know.
Tell me who's that riding?
I don't know.
Who's that riding?
Who's that riding?
Who's that riding?
Who's that riding?
Well, I wish we'd known how to call a sun.
At least the sun.
Till next week.
Through the clouds.
And the dark clouds are rolling away.
Just as soon as that blue sky appears.
Keep your head on tight.
You're back to the wind.
You're second to set.
You can see clearly.
From one end of the globe to another.
Your scope has grown.
Your eyes are bigger than those dishes.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
The magic disinformation.
The kind that makes your genes swell.
You're too fat.
You're too small.
You're too everything.
You're too free.
You're going up to praise the beauty.
You have been listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
You can get free information from Bob at Post Office Box 204206.
That's also the number for the Subgenius Foundation.
P.O. Box 204206.
Austin, Texas.
7.
8.
7.
2.
0.
And remember, friends, www.subgenius.com.
Subgenius.com.
