Vengeance is just one of those things that talks about human spirit and the oneness.
The unity of all.
The unity of all.
You know, I've been tuned to, for the past three months really, I haven't changed my TV channel from MSNBC.
Oh, okay.
And Chris Matthews, you know, hardball.
You know, he was here in 2008, was it 2008 election or 2004?
I don't remember, but he was here at campus of CSU and I actually went and saw him.
Excellent person, excellent man.
And he said, you know what, it's one race, we're all different ethnicities and different cultures, but it's just one race.
Human race.
Yeah, the human race and that goes with my core belief and, you know, everybody here, we know that's what it is.
And anybody else telling you any different?
That's very clear.
Telling you a bold-faced lie.
So I like to keep up with that and just know that it's for us all, right?
Okay.
And those who play politics of division, we've seen them go down.
They will keep on going down if they don't change.
No.
Yes.
And our slack is upon you.
Yes.
And we'll be back there working.
Yes.
Thank you.
Thanks to everyone.
One God, one aim, one destiny for all.
One race.
Two, one, six.
Six.
Six.
Six, nine, hundred.
No.
Six, six, seven.
Six, nine, hundred.
Yes.
Yes.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty purgatory, that black...
You people think we just improvise stuff.
From the keyboard and stuff.
But no.
We have to rehearse this stuff all week long.
And we have to ride this bicycle treadmill that runs the electric generators
that make the power spew out over the airwaves out into the invisible air
where your ears pick up the rare material and strange music that this station plays
such as the hour of slack.
Stuck in an availability room somewhere deep beneath the surface of the earth.
The Reverend Ivan Stang.
No slack.
Made of pure cream.
Cream, cheese, and three pieces of toilet paper.
Has rebuilt his entire personality from a foam-like mug distributed by the Church of the Subgenius
through WCSB.
If you call the church now, it is.
And it's just not getting out of this underground...
Welcome to the hour of nothing.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.

Slack.















Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
It costs money to do these kinds of elaborate productions, friends.
But friends, it's not real money.
It's the kind of money that you need to make your life twirl around like a little Twinkie stick.
It's the kind of money they give you in outer space.
The kind of money from deep, deep in the cosmos.
It's not paper money.
Nothing as flaccid and tricky.
Nothing as...
...clinky silver dollars.
No, we're talking psychotronic subphonic money.
The kind that'll bring you a long-sleeved shirt.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty, purgy shark of a black...
They're here.
A minute.
It's showtime.
Time for the subgenial...
...less hour and a half.
A show that dare not even exist.
Join us now as we rocket away out of normal time into showtime.
It's mysterious, evil, spooky, eerie, creepy, wacky, kooky, fun.
It's the subgenius hour of...
...saccharine!
And here we got the brains of the whole operation.
Faster signal goes out from here to the satellite.
And we pump it out all over the world.
Pretty fancy, huh?
Not too big a rhythm, is that it?
You're buying time.
Time, friends.
Because Mr. Moneybags...
He's paying a salary.
A salary?
He throws in a hundred bucks a week, and consequently I can't preach against drinking because his icebox is full of beer.
I hope he's talking about you, my friend.
Pay us not to preach about beer.
I can't preach against cigarettes because they all smoke.
For me.
I have to let them out for 15 minutes.
I have to let them out for 15 minutes.


I have to let my son to school and worship service so they can go out and light up a Chesterfield or something or the other.
And what kind did Jesus smoke, friends?
It's time to open your heart.
Close your mind, unzip your lips, and bend over.
Because you're about to receive the word of Bob.
And pull out that wallet, friends, because it is pledge drive time.
Praise Bob.
It's either the last pledge drive for a while or the last hour of slack.
This could be your last chance, folks.
I thought you boys understood. It's business. That's all it is.
You still don't get it, do you, boys?
There ain't no countries anymore. No more good guys.
They're running the whole show.
They own everything, the whole damn planet. They can do whatever they want.
What's wrong with having a good for a change?
And they're going to let us have a good if we just help them.
They're going to leave us alone. Let's make some money.
You can have a little taste of that good life, too.
I know you want it. Hell, everybody does.
He's going to make a million dollars.
Dear friends, this is your dear pastor, Reverend Ivan Stang, calling out to you from the depths of my heart.
And I can see so many of you sitting there hovering by your phones, waiting.
Now, the phones are ringing here. We're doing great.
This time we got all the beautiful girls, the mighty studliest of genius ministers,
sitting here waiting to catch your calls.
They're all busy. But if you get a busy signal, just call back again,
because we sure ain't going to turn down a bit of your money, dear friends.
You know that. That's one thing you can always trust a bob.
Listen to those things going off in the background.
And so for all I know, maybe these.
Oh, yes. Oh, we got this is one of the callers who wanted to meet Reverend Stang at a cheap motel.
That comes with a two hundred dollar pledge.
Sire, there is no more money.
We got to get some money.
That dirty purgish harker, that black mutt.
I mean, this when this show ends, if you haven't helped the station,
what you know as reality is going to come to a crashing halt.
See what I mean?
We were playing that cheery music because we wanted to be positive.
But, you know, frankly, friends, positive thinking can kill you.
Look where positive thinking has gotten most of the world so far.
People say it.
Reverend Stang, he's a pessimistic booger.
But frankly, I'm worried that my most pessimistic predictions might turn out to have been in the long run idiotically optimistic.
And our fear tonight is that you out there taping this show will think we'll think, oh, well, well, they'll stay on the air or not.
Whether I give or not.
But, folks, if you don't pledge, the world will literally will literally.
Come to an end at the end of this hour.
If you and I don't mean just some of you.
I mean, you, the one listening right now.
Oh, you're laughing.
You're laughing.
It's going to collapse around your pathetic ears.
But you nihilistic teenagers out there.
Oh, no future, man.
No future.
You know, that's why if the rival cult that wants these airwaves had this hour, they'd raise ten thousand bucks by now.
And you know what they do with it?
They build concentration camps for the likes of you.
You abnormal.
You.
You punk.
You old hippie.
You.
You humanist.
You subgenius.
So, friends, you know, the money isn't just for the hour of slack.
It's for the totality that is this station.
It isn't just for us mutants.
It's for your very mind, your very soul.
And you wouldn't believe how close your soul is to being sold out.
Dear brother or sister, between your job and the drugs and the lies.
Listen.
Listen.
You need every bit of slack you can hang on to.
But we have a special form of slack in store for you tonight.
Not stored in souls anywhere, folks.
And the type of slack you're going to be getting is guilt.
Guilt.
Tonight we're going to whip us up some guilt.
And some of you are saying, oh, it's pledge time.
Reverend Stang's going to rant all night about money.
And you'd better be afraid that that's true, little Bobby, little gimme bob out there.
At this level, our salesmen can see the top of the...
...the ladder and as well on his way there.
Good old boys are here tonight.
We'd like to welcome you down to the television mission.
Don't forget, if all you can do is sit at home, then try to keep yourselves awake and dial the phone.
Call him, a pledge of...
687-6900.
Answering the phone, 687-6900.
The best thing you can do is dial this number that you see on your screen.
Uh, okay.
As quickly as you can with a contribution to the television mission.
You revolting genetic accident.
Take your smelly shell elsewhere.
See me, General Spyback.
See how well he obeys me.
He is loyal.
Stupid, but loyal.
A trait you will never share, Skeeto.
But little listeners, you may ask, is there hope?
Listen, you little listeners.
Whistling in the glistening mist.
Listen to these inspirational words from the Book of Life.
Chapter 10, Bankruptcy, verse 10.
The passage runs, and I quote.
If you be tired, or be 12.
If you've got that run-down feeling, remember, you're not just anybody.
You're special.
You are living proof that God does not exist.
Yes, you, little listener, if you are like most of the people who listen to this show, are proof that no supreme being could ever exist.
I love you, Master Turner.
It's a duck hunt.
Uh, Hanson, please, don't, don't, don't start.
Please, please.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I've got a star.
I'm a little tired, anyway.
I don't want to start, believe me.
We gotta get some money.
Dear friends, I'm, I've got to admit, I'm just too depressed to do a, a good show.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
What?
What?
What?

Come on!
Get up off that chair!
Follow me!
Arrgh!
Yes, friends?
The number to call.
216-687-6900.
I bet you can remember that.
216-687-6900.
And, uh, you can talk to the actual Princess Leigh Ardo, queen of all the UFOs.
She's here, ready to take your calls.
Dr. Sinister is here, ready to take your calls.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave is not here and can't take your calls.
But I should be taking his call at some point.
And, uh, meanwhile, back to this.
Now you can have something to sell.
We all know we're in the art of selling.
We create a mental and an emotional climate of unconscious selling.
Right in your own home.
And you can call in and you can talk to the, there's some sexy ministers on the, on the lines tonight.
Your prayer partners are here.
Uh, ready to receive your promise.
687-6900.
You're coming in with Bob, friends.
Why, the, uh, the evil, uh, Dr. Zaphod here picked up, he got one from Joseph Prowl for 200 bucks.
And I, I happen to know that that one's not a joke.
Now I know that, you know, not everybody can, can, uh, can give that much.
You know, Dr. Drummond and I once talked about, you know, who means the most to Bob?
Is it the little old lady who can, you know, give that much?
Who, you know, doesn't have anything at all to her name, but, but she donates a quarter, her last quarter.
Or does, or is Bob more impressed with the rich man who could give a million dollars but only gives 10,000?
We prayed on that, friends, and we realized that in Bob's eyes, that rich man is the only one that's gonna get to heaven, cause he paid more money.
So I want you to call.
We gotta sell you, friends.
We're not just gonna sit here and talk.
Bob said we had to party.
Didn't he?
Didn't he?
He said we had to party.
He didn't say we could.
He said we had to.
And so, we must also sell.
Praise Bob and thank you.
All are there, destroyed.
When everybody sells...
We're all selling.
We all have something to sell.
Yes, everyone selling together mighty symphony of prosperity.
For we all have something to sell.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Now, I'm gonna go and take a look at the music.
Ah!
A candy-colored clown they call the Sandman tiptoes to my room every night.
Every night.
Just to sprinkle stardust and to whisper.
To whisper, dear friend.
To sleep.
To sleep.
Everything.
Everything is just fine.
It's all right.
It's just fine.
When we were born, we didn't turn that side.
We were best standin' to make it right.
We were best standin' to make it right.
It's predetermined.
And this is our fate.
We're singin' this song.
Singin' this song so you can relate.
We are going to save the universe.
We are going to save the universe.
We are going to save the universe.
This time...
I've got one hour to convince you how badly we and the station need your support.
And that hour is only 45 minutes now, but that's all right, dear friends, because I know
that you just needed a break.
A little break from those annoying tapes from the olden days.
Oh my God.
Boy, some of that stuff was from that station in Dallas back in, like, 1986.
That's how long we've been doing this.
But we can't do it forever.
Not because...
You know, the bills come due.
When the bill comes due, that's when you just gotta pick up the phone and go,
Yes, you're on the air.
I'm on the air, but I'm very rare and spare.
Spare, poor spare old Dave.
We're so...
And the station is in the same condition.
I wanted to sing a song about WCSB.
Oh, you can do that.
I pulled this Rudy Schwartz project out.
I'll just take the music down.
Oh, no, that's all right.
I'll wait till the fade.
It's faded.
It's faded.
Oh, okay.
You're faded to sleep.
I'd like to sing a song about WCSB.
In the land of Cleveland, that's Cleveland one, two, three.
Enjoy it while you can, you stupid girl and man.
Send in the money!
Oh my God.
Oh, what?
Whoa!
Dave, I've got headphones on.
That was the last of my hearing just then.
But that was a beautiful song.
Well, not beautiful, exactly.
You didn't get the old perfectimizing buzz sound tonight.
I don't hear no buzz at all.
I ain't getting a buzz because nobody's calling.
They ain't giving us a buzz at 216-687-6900.
I guess nobody cares.
I guess I might as well retire.
I guess nobody needs Slack no more.
Is that it?
That's the way it's going to be.
You're not going to be able to go away to Florida or wherever, the Cayman Islands or
wherever you had planned to go, if you don't get the support of those listeners around
you and stuff that make sure that every year you can go to the Caymans.
Wait a minute.
That's not right.
This is a public speaking.
No, no.
We don't get a penny.
That's right.
Because we do this out of the love of our hearts and the free advertising of the church.
Oh, speaking of which.
Friends, this is the only time that I get to talk about this kind of thing, money, because
we have a pledge premium, a special premium.
You know, every year, usually it's something that doesn't cost us much, like a X-rated
hour of Slack CD, but that you'll never hear on broadcast radio.
But this pledge drive, friends, this radiothon from WCSB, we are offering you for your $30
pledge.
You get the normally $35 subgenius minister's ordainment package.
The thing that we hint about constantly on every one of these shows, your ordainment
as a subgenius minister.
And the funny thing is it's a legal ordainment.
You can perform legal marriages and funerals and not divorces.
God, that's where the money is.
But not circumcisions or a vasectomy either.
You know, friends, when we talk about-
You can't perform live for a studio audience.
When we tell people, oh, you better send in your money to Bob, what we're usually talking
about is a little more than that $30 pledge that we'll send you this material for.
And you probably think, well, for 35 bucks, I probably get a letter that says I'm a minister.
Nay, actually, it's a bit, the package that we send out cost me $5 a piece.
It's a great idea.
In a handsome black folder.
It's got a bumper, two bumper, no, three bumper stickers in it.
Wow.
It's got a little metal Bob pin.
That's three times as many as I'm getting one, or one.
A Bob decal, a little membership pin, church of subgenius.
A frameable cardboard photograph of J.R. Bob Dobbs in halftone artwork.
Your divine excuse doctorate, which is-


It's like 11 by 17, frameable certificate.
And we'll get too far.
I'm sorry.
Your doctorate of the forbidden sciences, your little membership card that says you're
an ordained minister in church of subgenius.
It's got a million.
And pamphlets, the brag of the subgenius, a million little cutout things that you can
leave in mysterious places-
It's beautiful.
Like inside pencil sharpeners or the bottom of toilet lids.
Mystery ads for the church.
And this is-
This is the stuff I can't normally talk about, but this time because your money is going
to WCSB, I can.
And it's a deal.
For your $30 pledge, you will be an ordained minister.
And I know some of you, probably one in a thousand, have actually sent in your money
and are subgenius ministers, in which case, get you one of these for your friend.
It's made to be modular.
Well, that's one hell of a deal.
That's one hell of a deal here on the schlepping channel, on the schlepping network.
You can see it's quite a hassle.
It's a hefty package, and I wouldn't try and pick it up all with one little swoop.
It's 10 ounces.
And I definitely get that $30.10 before they're all gone, right, Dino?
It costs $3.14 to mail.
That costs $3.14 to mail, friends.
That's how big they are in a big padded envelope, because you can't send it in paper envelope.
It's too fancy.
It's too big.
And that's what you get for your $30 pledge, by calling 687-6900 in the 216-7000 line.


Some amazing stuff, you can re-cultivate it.
And all you need is a scan 뛰vにな el email, look upinbilynt wire


ownik.h installation.
brand new fat hefty package for only $30.
And that's a $3,500 worth of equipment,
strange lights, and abstruse ideas.
Now, friends, when you call,
you get the choice of sending in a check.
See, we'll take your address,
and we'll pester you later with a little self-addressed envelope
where you can mail your check.
Or you can get online at WCASB.org
and pay by credit card by the online method.
Or you can show up at the open house on,
what, Friday, November 23rd, I think,
and then the Sunday after that also.
We'll be here at least some of the time to meet and greet.
We met all the Dr. Sinister's callers last open house.
Well, not all of them, but...
Stan will actually be playing the clarinet, too.
I'm playing the clarinet while talking.
Because I've got another orifice that expels air.
You subscribe.
Not a member, per se.
That way.
I've got a little klezmer attached to my orifice
where I can play this clarinet through it.
And we're putting one in every package.
Friends, now, if you don't have $30,
we understand that for $15,
you can get a WCASB skull pennant.
Yay.
Or you can get a $10 gift certificate to Ground Zero Comics.
And yet WCASB at 687-6900 still gets your $15.
You could also get WCASB pint glasses or ashtrays or a winter hat.
And that's for just a $15 pledge.
That ain't hardly nothing.
For $20, you can get...
It's an even more incredible deal,
but I wouldn't want to say that to your face
because it would make...
Well, no, it's still an incredible deal.
It is.
You can get a ceramic travel mug that says,
I am not a paper cup.
Isn't that conceptual?
For $20.
For $20, we also have CDs.
Zillions of them of bands that I never heard of,
but that doesn't mean anything.
The ones I have heard of,
we have Billy Mayer's show, American Astronaut,
and Negative Land's classic, A Big Ten Eight Place,
which if you haven't heard,
you kind of should in headphones,
but we only have one of them.
You can get two books for $25.
And one of the books for bucks
is Harvey P. Carr's American Splendor comics.
Wow.
We met Harvey P. Carr when he spoke at Starwood,
but then he had to go join the escape vessels ahead of us.
For $20, you can also get four WCASB shot glasses engraved,
a kid's yeller T-shirt,
a black WCASB bracelet,
baseball cap,
a casual cap with a buckle in green.
They're ultra nice.
Actually, when you call,
Princess Wee or Dr. Sinister can explain all this.
For $25, there's the T-shirts,
a WCASB skull T-shirt,
a ladies teal on gray,
engraved pint glass and beer set.
Can you imagine how cool you will look walking in a room
carrying an ancient ladies T-shirt
while wearing a skull CSB T-shirt?
And a stocking cap.
Maybe pull down over your eyebrows a little bit
so you look more menacing.
And you'll just be such a hit with the girls
and other, you know, living things.
It worked for me.
I've got children all over Ohio
just because I wore those T-shirts from WCASB.
They are a status symbol in the 216-300-440 area.
Oh, yeah, I listen to those guys.
Oh, yeah.
Did you ever call 687-69?
And actually pledge a little freaking money?
I'm sorry.
You know, the other option about coming down for the open house here
is the day after Thanksgiving,
Friday the 23rd of November
and Sunday the 25th of November.
Actually, that's November.
So it's not the day after Thanksgiving.
I guess.
It is the day after Thanksgiving.
The weekend after.
We would not be here on Friday.
Possibly.
We would be here on the Sunday open house.
On the Sunday the 25th.
Yeah, we'd be here on the Sunday open house.
Rub elbows.
Friends, where you can pick up your subgenius minister's pack.
We'll sign it for you.
It's actually already signed.
It's got their hands signed by yours truly, Reverend.
I haven't sang every single one of them.
We also sign all our books.
You're bothering me, John, many of them.
Well, all right.
We could offer scrapings from Dave's list.
We could offer a leg if you wanted samples,
cloning samples to make your own little lonesome cowboy Dave's someday.
If you made enough of them, they wouldn't be lonesome.
They'd be popular cowboy Dave's.
Imagine that.
Are you even populating the dish?
Overpopulation of popular cowboy Dave's.
And maybe even little Dave Venus, little female ones.
There are all these large housing populations.
And I had to eat like 5,000 times as much food.
Now, if you have to send your $30 to 687-6900, you may say,
but I've already been ordained in the church's subgenius 400 times over,
and I've got all of those packages full of bumper stickers and posters
and decals and pins and minister's cards and stuff.
So instead, you can get the WCSB clear bubble umbrella,
which I believe we got.
With our donation last year.
No, we got the big black and white one.
Now they have these bubble ones.
They're really cool, though, because you're in your own bubble world.
Yeah, but don't try and make drinks like by putting them in a shot glass,
in a CSB shot glass.
I'm sorry.
Well, you could make multiple pledges and get everything.
There's sweatshirts, a WCSB Animal House sweatshirt for the $40 pledge.
You got your WCSB ladies hoodie in dark blue or men's hoodie in blue or black.
We have zip-up kinds and non-zip-up for $50.
And I'm sure somebody out there feels like the year that they've spent listening to this station
might be worth $50.
Some of them, it might be worth $50,000, but they only have $15.
Well, we'll take $15.
We'll take a penny, but it won't make...
Well, no, we can't take a penny.
Well, they won't get anything for a penny.
Right, and we wouldn't have enough money to...
We wouldn't be able to send them the self-addressed stamped envelope for a penny
because it costs 49 cents or something.
But yes, friends, it's a beautiful thing.
It's a beautiful world that allows you to hear this station.
And have you ever lived in a town that didn't have WCSB or a similar station?
I have.
I had to listen.
I had to listen.
I had to listen to WCSB online every week and call in.
Actually, our Slack has been on Sunday nights and WCSB since the late 80s, I believe.
The early 90s.
Oh, no, we were on before on Sunday.
I just, I mailed the cassettes in, and they even paid.
They used to pay five bucks a show for this show.
And they still did after I moved here for about three weeks.
And then the station manager, Caroline, at the time said,
Reverend Stein, we're not going to pay you for coming in and using our studio.
But, friends, you can pay them for letting us come in and use the studio.
And not only us, but, for instance, African Abstract, the wonderful reggae show.
Where else are you going to hear that stuff?
I'm serious.
Where else are you going to hear the horrible music that Dr. Sinister plays for the first hour of his show?
Wonderful.

Wonderful.
Wonderful.
Wonderful.






We're driving home after our slack.
We just about have wrecks every time.
But you're listening to the strange, strange things that he plays.
Interesting.
By the way, there's a cop.
You don't hear that kind of thing anywhere else.
I noticed that last week and the week before and many weeks before.
Oh, you can hear it on the Internet, I guess.
You know, you can tune in WFMU or something in New York, but not in your car.
And not in your hometown when you're in your own underwear.
That's not if it's on the Internet.
That's not real radio.
Come on.
That's not real.
Argumentative.
Oh, speaking of real radio and real.
Dave, have you heard the angry Republican woman?
You haven't.
If you don't instantly go.
Yeah, yeah.
The day after.
The angry Republican woman?
Yes.
The day after the election, a woman made a YouTube video that is so butthurt that when I heard it and you can only hear it, she won't show her face.
She will show her ashtray and her Cheetos.
It's probably the face of David Koch with a weird.
She goes on for almost half an hour screaming.
And she's not.
She doesn't even bother with the liberals.
She's mad at the.
The Ron Paul people.
I'm going to play that.
I personally was not ready to take on the editing job of cutting all her cussing out for this show.
But somebody else did.
And I'm going to play that.
So, Dave, listen for four minutes.
I'll leave us all on and we'll hear the angry Obama hating woman.
I won't say a word.
Try to imagine.
What she what what is being bleeped out.
And and and then when we're finished with it.
Keep in mind that it actually goes on for another half hour.
Here she here she is.
All of the who have said over all of these years that Obama has to go.
Yet I can make 15 posts on Facebook and not one of you will share it with people who don't want to see it because you don't want to offend somebody.
Well, how do you like it tonight?
How do you like the fact that Obama won the election?
Is that settling well with you?
It's not settling well with me.
I have busted my.
I have busted my over the last four years.
I just got a computer four years ago.
So excuse me.
It took me about a year to teach myself how to properly.
Use it.
I had 220 videos on my first YouTube channel.
I had.
I think it was 200 videos and 220 subscribers with almost a million views on all of those videos.
Conservative videos that you people didn't share because you didn't want to offend people that might not agree with what you posted.
Yet you'd like what I posted in some of you not even bother to do that.
Figure out how to use the Internet or get the fuck off of it.
This is such bull.
And they're in the popular vote on Drudge.
Obama's about to go over Romney.
Here, take a look.
Look at your work.
Look at that.
Look.
Can you read those totals?
Romney, 44,548,000.
Obama, 44,332,000.
Oh, it's getting close now.
You suppose you'd like to share that with your friends that voted for Obama?
I bet.
You wouldn't, you little b****.
I'm sick and tired of this s***.
I spend hours upon hours upon hours mining the news and finding things to post for you to share with other people.
And yet very little of you do it.
Some of you do.
I appreciate every one of you that do.
And I'm not talking to you.
So don't comment here.
I'm talking to all you namby-pamby b****es who don't want to find your voice or put your voice out there.
Get the f***.
Off the internet.
You are of no use to anybody.
Shut your f***ing accounts down.
Shut your f***ing mouths.
Fall in line and love socialist America.
Because that's what you got.
You want to call me unhinged?
I am.
You'd be right.
I am totally f***ing unhinged right now.
Look.
He just got closer.
Romney.
45 million.
245,000.
Obama.
45 million.
29,000.
It's only within 20,000 now.
So Romney isn't even going to get the popular vote.
F*** you.
All you godd*** Ron Paul supporters.
You Gary Johnson vote b**** bags.
Tess my b****.
You want to really do it?
I'll give you my f***ing address.
Better yet, Google my godd*** name.
Find it yourself and show up unannounced.
I'll be happy to greet you at my door.
I'll be happy to find you in my bedroom in the middle of the night, you b****holes.
Come on over.
I'll f***ing kill you and I'll enjoy doing it.
You godd*** mother f***er.
You think another four years of Obama is going to be so much better than four years?
Four years of Romney?
You're too stupid to live here.
Go to f***ing libertarians.
Tess my b****.
You b****.
You think you voted for something.
You didn't vote for f***ing.
You helped Obama win, you b****.
And there is a very large segment of this society that will never forgive you for that.
F***.
Self-f***ing.
I think that lady had a bad night.
I could hear a glass and the tinkling of ice a few times.
I think she was inebriated as well.
Uh, she, well, she, she says so.
Psychotropics.
She.
Remember Xanax or Haldol or whatever was wearing off.
Because, you know, she'd had episodes before.
And, uh, yeah.
Oh.
Well, actually, uh, she, you can hear a tinkling glass.
Uh, and she admits she's, she's drinking butterscotch schnapps.
Or as Reverend Susie the Flusie dubbed it, butthurt scotch schnapps.
Um, yeah, that was edited for a television show.
And I must say, I'm much better at cutting out cuss words than those paid TV editors,
if I do say so myself.
Uh, because, you know.
Well, you certainly are, but it was sufficient enough to make people call 687-6900.
If only.
This is where they heard that, that way.
I mean, never mind.
Well, uh, you can hear the whole thing.
Well, I can't give the title of it because it's obscene.
She's ticked off, just type, Google Obama hating drunk woman.
Uh, stop.
Stephen Colbert apparently did a takeoff on her the night that she put that thing out.
Uh, she, she posted that the day after the election on Wednesday.
And, uh, I, I saw a link to it by, by then and already 3000 people had seen it.
Most of her stuff had only gotten 300 views until that one went viral.
The last time I looked earlier today, it was up to about 750,000 views.
And she was, you know, in the tape, she urges people to come to her house and show up in her bed.
But then when people actually did call her up, she was so angry at them that she published their phone numbers and names.
Which I guess she got off of, uh, caller ID or something.
So she wasn't really sincere when she invited people to respond.
In fact, she cut off the comments for her video.
But, but it, it's really a classic example of, as she says, she's only been on the internet for four years.
So she has really had no idea how her life was going to change when that one little YouTube thing became so viral that now a million people have heard, have watched her or heard her make a, a butt hurt jerk of herself.
And you can too by calling 216-722-7222.
216-687-6900.
No, wait, that's not...
You would make a hero of yourself by calling 216-687-6900.
Where else will you hear a pledge drive show with the Rudy Schwartz Project as background music?
Making your butt hurt.
Oh wait, I don't, I better not play that.
He might say something naughty.
I thought these were all in, uh, instrumentals.
So maybe I should pull that one down for now.
That's one thing about the wonderful WCSB in Cleveland is there's no vulgar language.
Oh, actually there is after 11 o'clock.
Vulgar language isn't around anywhere, I guess. Sorry.
After midnight you can, you can't be obscene, but you can use salty language.
Yes, the harbor is open.
Uh, yeah.
We, however, are prime time.
Salty.
So to hear all the cuss words you have to listen to the internet version. See?
At subgenius.com.
People have said, Reverend Stang, you make it so difficult to find your radio show on your website.
And I always have to go, well, it's...
If you look at the first page, subgenius.com, it's the little button that says radio, hour of slack, at the top of the page.
And they go, oh.
Sorry.
Heh heh.
Ehh.
And they also go, how come it's so hard to find it? Just a plain old dob's head that I can print out.
I can't find one anywhere.
And I have to go, well, if you scroll down a little bit on the first page, you'll see a line that says, find your dob's heads here.
Heh.
And then it gives you such a baffling array of formats and choices that you give up.
And then you notice that it's a trademark and you can't actually legally sell it.
Like we can.
Hehehehehehehehehe.
And Ersol can.
And you can have that dob's head yourself, my friends, by calling 687-6900 and pledging $30.
But we'll take a $15 pledge.
We'll take a $15 billion pledge.
Except I don't imagine we'll be taking too many of those tonight.
Yes, and if you don't explain your reasons, you have to explain your reasons because if not, you'll be misinterpreted.
Or your rationale.
Yeah.
We'd hate to be...
We'd hate to...
For people to misinterpret our clear message.
Oh, by the way, speaking of WCSB clear messages and stuff like that, if you look at subgenius.com, there's also a button at the top called events.
And if you click on events, the page you get at the very top has links to photos of the WCSB Halloween party and photos of Mitt Romney with our previous host, Charleston, here in the studio.
Hi, Charleston, and welcome to the WCSB studios.
I'm very honored to be in the WCSB studios.
It was actually a living human being, a man.
Yes.
He's not a space alien like so many of the people we meet nowadays.
Last...
The people that we have to warn you about.
He's a real flesh-and-blood human.
And in my estimation, kind of a radio genius in his production of that music.
Well, he's also a musician.
He's very modest about that, but he's a well-known musician.


musician in that area himself, Charleston Okafor.
But you can see a picture of Charleston posing with Mitt Romney.
It's actually the rubber Mitt Romney mask.
He thought it was Bob when I first walked in wearing that thing, even though it didn't
have a pipe sticking out of it.
But when you stick Bob next to Romney, it's like they're twins.
Only one has a pipe in his mouth.
Yeah, you wouldn't have to do too much photoshopping to make them look identical, I don't think.
And one is...
He's got a little bit...
Romney had, I'm saying had in the past tense as a persona.
He's dead now.
Electable arch.
He had that kind of Hitler-colic going there.
What's up with that, you know?
I wondered if that was some kind of secret message.
Never mind.
687-6900 and get all kinds of cool stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There are, with a $20 pledge, there is a vast number of CDs to choose from.
I'm not going to read them all off.
Yeah.
Yeah.









I mentioned that we have Negative Lands' greatest classic.
Really cool.
Their third album, a big 10-8 place.
And American Astronaut by the Billy Nair Show.
They played it in X-Day once.
Strangely enough.
So, hey, actually, I could put on X-Day music in the background.
Let me...
What's this number?
Man, what a wizard.
With cheese.
He's like, oh, he's searching, and he's like, his fingers are so nimble, and his brain is
so, like, sharp, like a big block of Wisconsin cheddar.
Who are you talking about?
I'm talking about you, like...
What?
No, that's...
Actually, no, you're thinking of Chaz.
The late Chaz Smith was able to do that.
What?
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.

Wow.
I think that's the sample you need.
Put them all together.
Put them all together.
That was beautiful.
We didn't interact over it, though.
That's the only problem.
We just sat there with our mouths, like, kind of...
Well, my mouth was all agog because I didn't understand what was happening.
You're being infiltrated by a mass of spiritual designers,
some from outer space, some from the center of the Earth,
some from actually from Mars.
Our ancestors, perhaps, as you believe.
But what credence can we lend to such ideas
when people don't send in any kind of stinking checks or anything like that?
Are they?
I don't know. Are they, Princess?
Oh, no, Princess, we have the saddest face.
I'm looking through the glass window of the studio at the phone banks,
and she's crying.
Friends, you made her cry!
I hope you're satisfied.
You got Obama elected, and you made her cry!
I hope you are happy with yourself!
216-687-6900.
Dr. Sinister sitting over there reading a newspaper.
Princess.
We is...
It looks like she's asking God how he could have forsaken us.
Wow. I didn't know we'd been forsaken.
I thought maybe we picked up a couple thousand bucks in the last five minutes at least, you know?
Oh, man.
But our goal tonight, on this pledge night,
if you have any socks, if you have any old underwear that you want to get rid of,
you can't send that in.
But you can call 687-6900 and pledge some sort of donation.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm going to go to WCSB, which keeps it running on a yearly basis from...
She's trying to budget, and...
I give up.
I just give up.
Let's just shut it all off.
Let's just shut the whole thing down.
Let them know what their radio's going to sound like if they don't call in.
Yeah, that's the idea.
Just like negative campaign ads and stuff like that.
The good ones don't work.
Hi, I'm Joe Smith.
I mean...
I've had it.
I might be...
I'm fed up.
Listen, this vote for me, it's like Joe's.
You sit there.
I see you.
You can give a shout-out to Reverend Mike from Texas.
Reverend Mike from Texas has been donating to the Hour of Slack show.
One Texan, that's all we had.
You're kidding.
One Texan.
No Ohioans at all.
Oh, I guess not.
Well, that's it.
I know where to move back to.
I could go live on Stang Ranch, my friends.
But I chose for free.
I could live in a big house on a hill for nothing.
But I've been living in a cardboard box in Ohio because I wanted to be bringing you this show.
Don't make us do the Texas.
But I guess I've had enough.
I guess this will be the last hour of Slack.
Okay, that's it.
Bye.
Bye.
Don't worry, Stang.
The waterfall is coming soon.
A huge gush of support.
Hey, how are other people doing?
I mean, what's going on?
Well, Charleston, I was...
Get out of work.
I was answering phones for...
For Charleston.
He was doing great.
$200,000.
Oh, people are calling in Charleston's show like crazy.
I was on the phones for that.
I'm sure the minute I shut up, they'll be calling in for Dr. Sinister's show.
Yep, not a single person.
Oh, one person called because we actually told the truth, which is that one person...
And it's a guy in Texas, Reverend Michael.
And I remember him.
He was back when we were in Texas.
He would donate to that.
Good for nothing station there.
But in Ohio, well, I guess they just don't care about slack.
They don't even know what slack is.
They just...
Oh, it's slack.
I said praise Bob, and I drew a picture of Bob, and I put it on my shirt.
So I'm not a Bobby.
I'm a real supporter.
I'm not just some give-me-Bob jerk that tapes, records the shows and sends them to people
so people can tell how clever and smart I am.
Because I listen to this show that somebody else does.
Do you have any idea how long it takes your prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stain, to put
together one of these hour of slack shows?
Not the live ones like this, but the edited, canned ones?
It takes two or three days.
And plus the chimpanzee work of putting it on the internet and putting all the cuss words
into it.
My God, man.
Well, I'm good.
I guess I've gotten a signal.
This happens every October.
I get the signal from the listeners just what the hour of slack is worth to them, and the
whole church is subgenius.
As long as it's free, then they're...
Oh, they're happy.
I mean, we have to keep saying the number over and over again.
Oh, who cares?
6-8-7-6-9-100, pledge to the Radiothon WCSB and to the Church of the Subgenius.
No, I got my marching orders.
I heard the message.
I got the message, Ohio.
Or Cleveland.
You can't hardly hear this station outside of downtown.
I can pick it up in Cleveland Heights in my cardboard box if I put a bunch of tinfoil
around my head.
But most...
I got the message.
I'm reading you folks loud and clear.
I can see how much you appreciate the hard work we put into this.
I think it'll be reruns next week.
And next six months.
When I come back from my trip and...
I'm going to Stang Ranch.
I'm moving back to Texas.
Sure, it's 130 degrees, even in winter there.
Bitter.
Butthurt.
Is that what you're trying to say?
Butthurt?
Yeah.
And you know what?
I've got seven buttcheeks.
I've been butthurt so bad by the subgeniuses over the course of the last century.
And twice as many coldens, I might add.
Oh, man.
Because that's what happens.
When you get butthurt enough, you grow a third cheek.
Well, I'm up to seven...
No, it's eight cheeks now.
Thanks, Cleveland.
And you take a lot of space on the bus.
But don't worry about it.
Just pledge now.
I'm going home.
I've had it.
I've had it.
I've had it.
I've had it.
I've had it.
I've had it.

I've had it.
I've had it.




This don't cut no ice with me, Hoss and Hosses.
I'd see you.
I can see you from up here.
I've seen you put a quarter in the collection plate.
A quarter.
He's got a third nostril to whiff you with.
He knows where you're hiding.
I know Fred Dobbs has been stepping out with Eileen Hodds.
I know.
I see these things.
Don't you see?
Don't you know that?
You're Santa Claus and you won't be turning the pages for time.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
Whatever it is.
Take it easy.
Take your hand off my knee.
Just relax.
Calm down.
Somebody's about to call.
I need a minute now.
Somebody's from New York City with millions and millions of dollars.
I'm getting a shot right now off Bermuda.
Bermuda.
Off of Bermuda.
Bermuda.
Bermuda.
Bermuda.
Bermuda.
Bermuda.
Bermuda.
Bermuda.


Bermuda.
Bermuda.

Bermuda.
He's getting ready to call right now.
No.
They're sitting in there.
Twitting.
They ain't got nobody to talk to.
Nobody cares.
Nobody cares.
Hey, is this the lovely Miss We Are Doe?
I'm trying to get in touch with WCSB in Cleveland.
Just call me.
687-6900.
Just call me.
I got a lot of money burning a hole in my pocket and I need a shot glass in the eye
and a stocking cap in my ear because you betrayed us.
You won't call.
I'm sorry.
They could get a subgenius membership pack for $5 off for their $30 play.
And it is.
And the money all goes to the station, not the dogs.
Amazing amassment of artworks and strangeness.
That's $5 out of my pocket.
But nobody wants that $5 or that membership pack.
They'd rather just sit there and take for free.
They're takers.
You know those right-wingers are right.
It's a world of takers.
The makers are hated out of jealousy by the takers.
I'm going to go home and take an overdose.
I'm going to go home and take an overdose.
I'm going to take vitamin E or something horrible.
I'm going to kill myself.
That's it.
I think all those people who are calling right now,
who have the wherewithal and the desire and the money to do it,
and who are not calling,
are the same.
I'm just going to...
I've had it.
I've had it up to here.
That's about it.
That's the end of the line for old Reverend Stang, folks.
I'm just going to walk right off that plank into the ocean,
let the sharks eat me.
Well, maybe the crustaceans...
The crustaceans are dissolving us or something,
or maybe there's some kind of plot afoot or something like that
where the Petraeus knows about your affair with WCSB.
And so he...
WCSB is pretty hot.
What's your name from the New York Times?
You can save us.
And then Petronius, whatever his name is,
decided to quit the church and subgenius
and move to Cleveland and make everybody dumb.
That's right.
Dr. Zaius is just going to quit preaching the law of the lawgiver
and just move in with the humans.
Might as well.
One race, the human race.
How's that?
No subgeniuses anymore.
Nobody has any use for the other race of subgeniuses.
We're going to go the way of the Neanderthals
and the Homo erectus, the Homo erecti.
And now there are people with big, huge toes
that come around and bob you in the middle.
It's extinct.
It's nice for crying out loud,
especially when they're wearing the pancake makeup.
They're going to find a fossil of a pipe
and go, this pipe belonged to lonesome Ivan Stang,
the saddest man that ever...
Subgenius, not man.
Part man, part subgenius.
And he just died of sadness
because he was ignored
after 35 years of life.
Weekly radio show.
I'm so tired of doing this.
Oh, man, am I tired.
I could be home.
I'm going to sleep.
Slaying jaggies on my video game,
Monster Hunter Tri.
I actually did.
You won't be able to filiate much longer
if you can't come up with a right time.
I'm not going to be able to pay my electric bills.
WCSB won't be able to pay theirs.
Everybody can just listen to
what's the local drive time rock station
with the smarmy jocks on it.
Yeah, be just like high school.
Let the population,
the dealers and the jocks
be the only ones that have any happiness.
They don't know what slack is.
They can't have slack.
Except they know that somebody else had slack
and they want to make sure
they don't have it anymore.
Well, you won.
I guess you should be satisfied.
There's no satisfaction for people like that.
Those maso geeky and flarging,
misogynistic baby haters and so forth.
Those people deserve to smell,
smell the same way,
the way they did yesterday.
And historically speaking,
they deserve their permanent body odors
to cling to their bodies
and to forget calling WCSB
because they can't remember the name WCSB
or the number 687-6900.
And 6900 is an important part of this message
because you will be having oral sex a hundred times more
when you think of that number.
Think of 69,
then you think of hundreds.
Like, wow.
Well, but see, that's all they can do is think.
And they don't even do that very well.
Sickening.
Embrace it, man.
Pick up your phone right now
and use it as either a deadly object
or make love to that phone.
It's like a hamburger.
You got to eat the, you know, out of it.
Shout out thank you.
There's your donations.
Oh my gosh, Princess.
Another one.
It looks, we,
oh, look at this.
Two people from,
Cleveland.
Well, it's like last year when I said,
if only one subgenius would send us one penny,
I'd know everything is okay.
Well, here's two.
Well, he'll be Reverend Elton if he wasn't already.
And we'll see this Reverend Elton
at the WCSB open house.
And here's a Reverend,
do you know the last name and first name
are switched?
I don't know.

Reverend, Reverend Mark, let's just say.
And, and of course, Reverend Michael
in Carrollton, Texas in Fort Worth.
He's always, he is the one person
and Rock Roswell who plays Hour of Slack
in Champaign, Illinois.
What a guy.
Right.
Yeah.
Another station that needs money.
He donates and he was already a minister.
Just straight donation.
He doesn't want a premium.
Do you know Rock Roswell?
Well, maybe I shouldn't.
He gave us such wonderful gift of a microscope
that it made my whole,
it made my life worth living for two years.
Until you learned you'd inserted it into the wrong place.
Well, I did have trouble extracting it that one night, but.
Extraction is always difficult,
especially if it's like $30.
For a package of a lifetime.
For a pleasure.
And plus, worsening pleasure for a whole year to come.
You know, last year,
I actually ran into serious financial problems
and I had to, for the first time ever,
I told the truth.
I admitted it.
It was on an internet Hour of Slack.
I didn't, I didn't use,
I couldn't use WCSB for that.
And a lot of people helped.
But you know what I learned was that
they all were shocked that,
that I wasn't rich.
They thought they assumed the station's rich.
They thought, well, he's got a book out.
He must be rich.
Actually, we've had six books out.
And I think I get about a $300 royalty every six months or so
that I have to split with six other people.
And, and Dave, is, is it not true that I help out with the,
your phone bill since you have to call in a long distance?
Yes, you do.
And, and,
and four people,
four people were able to go to that much effort.
I've had it.
I'm out of here.
I'm going to do this show at home.
I'm going to send a copy to Reverend Michael in Fort Worth,
Reverend Roswell in Roswell, Illinois,
and Reverend Little and Reverend Mark.
And that's it.
That's all I'll just do.
I can,
I can,










I can cuss all we want on those because it won't be on the air.
Nobody cares anymore.
No, it's just a bunch of hooey.
Dave, we have to go now.
It's the last hour of Slack.
Goodbye forever.
Well, I'm sorry.
We only got four containers or five, whatever.
I'm going to go answer.
Probably the minute I get off the air,
phones are going to light up for Dr. Sinister's show.
It's just the way it always is, man.
Just don't eat home.
No, not the last hour of Slack forever.
Okay.
Bye.
Bye.
We have a special, special form of Slack in store tonight.
Instead of us giving you Slack for once,
you're going to finally give some back to us.
What a gum.
You have been doing so all along.
The most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
But for the rest of you,
oh, this could be the moment of truth.
The moment at hand.
You have to love Bob.
He loves you, but you love Bob.
You have to.
Or else what happens if you don't love Bob?
He'll kill you.
He'll bob you out.
He'll bob you out, folks.
You heard it here first.
You don't love Bob.
You heard it here first.
Bob you out.
Bob you out, baby.
It's dear friends.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Well, you know, if you don't pledge,
there's going to be more than one Reverend Stang.
You're going to have to pledge.
You're going to have to pledge.
You're going to have to pledge.
Listen to it forever.
Or at least until the money runs out.
Dear friends.
We need that money.
Oh, my gosh.
Let's get us some spirit going here.
Look at those phones light up.
Oh, yes.
We like that old gold, friends.
Shake it off.
Shake it off.
Can you imagine a world without slack?
A world without the hour of slack?
And even almost as bad, a world without this station.
Because if you don't send some money by midnight tonight,
you're going to be in trouble.
You're going to be wishing to God you had or Bob.
Now you can have
this amazing new symphony
of prosperity.
Generates in the mind of the salesman
before it does in the prospect.
You all sell something to sell.
Everyone selling together.
W
C
S
B
Cleveland
Cleveland
Cleveland
Cleveland
Cleveland
Cleveland
Cleveland
Cleveland
Cleveland
Cleveland
Cleveland
τι
с
C
s
C
c

s
c


c
c
c
c
you
