Oh, I'm just wild about Bobby.
Just.
Just.
Yes, baby.
Yes, baby.
Yes, baby.
Yes, baby.
I am the God of Hellfire.
I bring you.
Bob.
Bob.
One of the most serious threats to the human race comes from the smallest opponents.
The subgenius.
Hour of Slack.
It is a race against time.
It is a race against time.
It is a race against time.
That is not that funny.
You'll be better as I have my clothes off.
When do I change my pants?
Funny.
Swimming in the bear.
I was so embarrassed about the size of my penis that we used to dread the days we had to go swimming.
What I have my clothes on.
Come over here so we can take a look.
A slippy.
Well, how do you think I feel?
A sparky.
Oh, you're really...
Poppin'.
Oh, you're really hung like a horse.
Right along.
He feels plenty miserable.
And so do more boys of this age than you would suspect.
Come.
Come.
Well, how do you think I feel?
He feels plenty miserable.
Come.
Come.
He'll preach bones that are big and long.
Come.
Come.
He'll...
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby, baby.
Bobby, bubby.
Bobby.
Rabbit, darling.
Bobby.
Bobby, hoomie.
Bobby, bubby.
Daddy, boby.
Daddy, boby.
Daddy, boby.
Bobby.
Bobby, honey.
Bobby, honey.
Bobby, baby.
Bobby, come on over for dinner.
We'll be so glad to see you.
Bobby, come on over for dinner.
Just you and me and us, only the three of us.
We love you.
We love you.
That'll be enough to scare me right off the couch.
Bob, I'll jump right out and get on it.
Dobbs, go get the dynamite.
I think that somewhere between the homicidal Bob and the,
look, I'm a fountain Bob,
that there's a guy who might be able to at least function,
find some small crumb of happiness in this bleak, swirling air,
and make it sound pretty.
Now, everybody, whistle.
All right, let's go live to Bob headquarters now.
And just look how happy he is.
Bob, I'm sorry, but I don't see the light on your face.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.





Oh, praise Bob. Praise Bob.
This here is a statue of Bob. Great Bob. Great Bob with a great pipe on his great white horse. Praise Bob.
This here is the pipe of Dobbs. Stuck in the grunting grin of Dobbs. Praise Dobbs on his great white horse.
If you can help us with a donation.
This here is the frock what lies in the bowl of Dobbs.
The great Dobbs. The great white Dobbs on his great white horse. Praise Bob and his great white horse.
This here is the smile of Dobbs.
Not to be confused with the grunting grin that holds the pipe that bears the frock that flames to the heavens that fills the sky with the righteous stink of Bob in the nostrils of every man.
Praise Bob.
This here is a statue of Bob on his great white horse. This is Bob on his horse. The great white horse Bob. Praise Bob.
This here is Bob. Mind your boots going through the door tip.
This here is the boots of Dobbs.
This is what Bob uses to ride the great white horse.
Praise Bob.
This here is the statue of Bob. The great Bob.
Stride his great white horse.
This here is the door to the room that bears the statue of Bob. Mind your boots going through.
Praise Bob.
This here is Bob.
That there is Ivan Stang the sacred stride.
Cunningly wrought in epoxy resins.
Observe the pinched and callow features, the nicotine stained fingers, the miserable shriveled soul.
The sacred scribe.
Don't touch.
Over here you have the overman.
This here is the great white headed overman.
Pink cheeked and round nosed.
Hell monkey chin.
Notice the split diversions on the tip of the nose.
Notice he has five penises under each armpit and two more between his legs.
This is an anatomically faithful reproduction of the overman.
Don't touch please. Mind your boots going through the door. Tip.
This here is the statue of the Ghebrev Fran.
Faithfully reproduced in carved cedar wood.
From the cedars of Lebanon on the banks of the Tyre.
Or was it the iron?
Notice the Ghebrev Fran is always represented just before he falls into the tube.
And is annihilated by the great wave of Negi.
This here is the void, the faceless emptiness.
The great vastness.
The emptiness, the dark midnight of the soul.
This is the black hole of all emotions we call Negi.
Mind your boots going through. Don't touch or it's your problem.
This here is the statue of Connie.
Stella Maris, the Irma Ja, the Virgin Mary.
The mother of all.
The great goddess.
Mind your boots going through her door. You'll be in a lot of trouble.
This here is the Dobbs Museum.
This way please.
This concludes the end of this tour.
Mind your boots going out.
Watch out for the statue of Dobbs, the great Dobbs on his great white horse.
Thank you.
What? What? What? What? What? What?
You're gonna play now.
You're listening to the Puzzling Evidence program.
And we are not talking about UFOs.
As the gentleman asked.
Whew!
What? What? What? What?
What, what, what?
What you gonna play now, Bobby?
If only you would.
Just for one hour a day.
If only you would.
Sing it, Dolly.
The great Salvador Dali.
Salvador Dali Parton, the greatest, surrealist country western singer in the history of the throes of induction.
And that is no trash, monsoors and mondams.
That is the...
The...
The pimp will...
The...
The phony, baloney truth of it all.
Yeah, burr.
And I'm not meaning to subterfuge any what small amount of sanity you have left.
I know it dribbles from your ears.
I know it oozes from the side corners of your eye pockets.
As you gasp and puff.
Walking down these dirty, dusty, polluted streets.
But it's gonna be alright.
It's gonna be okay.
It's gonna be better than you wanted it to be.
Tell them, Dave.
See, I'm wearing my heart like a crown.
I know there are some people out there who make a strong statement.
For those of you who do, rub dog, excrement all over your body, sleep in your clothes for a week,
then storm into a city council meeting with a big box of stale donuts and freshly drunk bottle of wild Irish rose,
screaming, I am the apple state pope.
I am the antichrist.
I'm wearing this whole heart.
And for those of you who want to make a soft statement,
which is the condition of most of your people's genitals out there,
have your bells going up in a pile of dirt.
And for your young men out there who want to impress your moms and dads,
kiss a picture of Madonna and dance around your parents' house in a tutu.
And for those of you who want to show, as many of our Catholic brethren are doing,
that suffering has meaning,
allow your knee and armpit hairs to be braided by a tired chimpanzee,
and you will be free.
It's an old one, but it gets effects like nobody's grisness.
I want an explanation. I want an explanation.
Okay, here, it's at the bottom.
All right, somebody start talking.
It comes in before each show.
Shut up!
Oh, okay, well, you see, this guy gets excited, and they write all the jokes for us,
and then we just do the show, that's all.
Whose idea was this, anyway?
It's not really a live show. Do you think these callers are talking to somebody?
This is all composed of random bits of information selected by electronic computer.
No one is here.
No one is here.
No one answers.
Go back to sleep or ask about Theme World.
The top part was discovered, and it led stairway after stairway down into the bowels of the earth,
the mummified form of the original Tower of Bob that the Theme World attraction is based on.
And here we sit at the basement of the Tower of Bob,
once again broadcasting through our tiny little tape decks
and our great big computers
and our teeny-tiny little computers.
And here we see the lights and our huge, gigantic transmitters
with small aircraft crashing into them when the lights go out.
And this is your prayer partner and host, Reverend Ivan Stank,
so good to be back with you again with a better microphone than ever.
Yes, it, the power, well,
we've just been listening to a little bit of KPFA.
There, Dr. Howell and puzzling evidence from the subgenius show on KPFA in Berkeley.
Before that, we heard some Salvador Dali Parton
from Einstein's Secret Orchestra, best of 91 or some ancient year, like that.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Chaz and Einstein's Secret Orchestra there on WCSB in Cleveland.
Before that, Dr. G. Gordon Gordon's guided tour
through the statue of Bob and his great white horse.
G. Gordon Gordon there, mixed, I believe, by puzzling evidence, probably.
Prior to that, some lovely Bob songs by,
collaged by Sister Susie the Floozy of WZRD.
No, no, no, I'm sorry, WREK.
WREK in Atlanta.
You see, there are subgenius shows just everywhere.
They're just popping up everywhere.
You can't stop them.
Someday that's all that will be on.
And then, and then I myself will take the three nuclear weapons
that church has left and destroy them all.
Also, some negative land, sex dirt.
There at the beginning.
And some other tapes, a weird mix.
That, by someone who didn't label the tape,
didn't put their own name on the tape,
and now it's separated from the box.
And man, if you send us a cool tape,
put a, it can be hand scrawled,
but put your name on the tape somewhere.
Something to make us connect it to the piece of paper
that came in the mail.
And, oh by the way, I should give an address for negative land.
Negative mail order land for the simple reason that I think I made it.
I may have been giving it wrong.
The place to get, yeah, swinging groovy negative land tapes is,
got that pencil ready?
1920 Monument Boulevard.
1920 Monument Boulevard, MF1.
Yes, MF-1.
1920 Monument Boulevard, MF-1, Concord, California.
94520.
Concord, California.
94520.
And this creepy, kind of cool music in the background
is from one of two CDs that we got from that most bizarre
and strange tape distributor, a company,
what is it, TriAge?
At WFMU.org.
I don't know exactly what the connection is,
but they keep sending these amazing,
groovy CDs full of misfits and mutants and crazy people.
And the crazy people are the only ones dumb enough
to stand up and fight City Hall.
And in fact, this music in the background is from a band called Tipsy.
Triptees, the seductive sounds of Tipsy.
And this is Space Age bachelor pad music par excellence, I think.
Sort of like a cross between, um,
Combustible Edison, Mayhaps, and, uh,
Esquivel.
It's groovy.
This, uh, for instance, the titles,
listen to the titles on this one.
Mr. Excitement,
we just heard in the background.
Space Golf, playing now.
Grossen Hosen,
Nude on the Moon,
El Bombo Atomico,
Lickerdelic,
Oops,
Something Tropical,
and Zenith.
And, uh, I've got this other CD by a series of bizarre, crazy, crackpot,
creative-type, um, British weirdos.
It, all I can say is it's a collection of musical British weirdos.
Uh, which we will be listening to bits and pieces of.
So this will be rather a musical show, now that we've had a bit of spoken word and ranting.
I don't know what else is coming up.
Okay, I gave you a negative VLANs number.
We just had the most wonderful visit to Austin, dear friends.
Uh, for the, there's a big, in this case it was a computer multimedia sort of a con.
There's a big music con, con that happens next week.
Where, and I'll be there too.
But, uh, Jesus, oh, Jesus and, and myself and, uh, and Reverend Nikki, Death Chick,
uh, and, uh, someone else, uh, who, someone else I'm married to.
Uh, well, we all went down to Austin.
And we were partying with, uh, Mark Hosler from Negative VLAN.
Uh, was there to rant about copyrights.
And I was there to rant about the internet like I've been known to do.
And, uh, at one point I was in, in Joe Newman's house looking around myself thinking,
you know this ain't such a bad life because I'm in the, the glowing presence now of members of three
of the coolest bands in the universe that I've played just, uh, two shows back.
Uh, the Joe Newman, Rudish Swartz Project, uh, Sphinx Drumming, Swingin' Love Corpses,
and, uh, uh, and Mark Hosler, Negative VLAN.
And it was just crazy.
It was just crazy.
And, uh, we are so cool.
We are so cool.
And, and Steve Jackson of Steve Jackson Games.
It's like the weirdo and geek celebrities par excellence.
One last bit of news I will mention before we go on into the music.
Friends, you know, I, I, I've, I've been, I've been, I've been, I've been, I've been
forcing you to listen to my gripes about how horrible it is to quit smoking.
And I've been very successful, uh, in not smoking cigarette.
I haven't touched a cigarette in, in three months.
My, but I, I wanna, actually I should stop this.
I want to admit to you friends that I, uh, I have not been able to, uh, resist urinating.
I was going to.
I'm going to, uh, I know that I said, I think I said something last week on the show that,
that, that, that I was going to quit peeing and, and, uh, and it went great for several
days.
Uh, I, I started gaining weight though and, and it just, you know, I couldn't fight the
urge.
I just couldn't fight the urge any longer.
And it, but I'm, I'm going to fight it.
I, I, if I need y'all's prayers, I need y'all's prayers.
I need y'all's prayers.
Help me fight it.
I don't want to, I don't want to just get the, you know, give up.
I'm, I want to stick with it.
I don't want to go, go off and pee and drown my sorrows.
That's, that's not what I, what I want to do.
Well, well, well, well, well, well, well.
We're still far from the end of this list.
Our cases are backed up for centuries.
I am not familiar with the crimes of these three.
One is Hiram Saperstein, Lord.
One is Klaus Schiller and one is Martin Bormann.
I remember Mar, Mr. Bormann.
You've been before this judgment before, have you not?
Jawohl.
For outrages against your own kind.
Jawohl.
Jawohl.
What, recording angel, what crime is he accused of this time?
Outraging hell, my Lord God.
But these other two, are they contemporary?
Humans, Lord, 21st century.
Humans were made to learn quickly, not to take ages to do it like angels and demons.
Haven't they learned their lessons yet?
I'm afraid we've run out of tortures.
And we've learned the dangers of the world.
And we've learned that they are not the only creatures for crimes of this sort.
Not to mention space in hell.
Send them back.
Lord, send them back?
Shall we not nay throw them into the lake of fire?
Send them back to their own kind.
Let the living find the best ways to punish their own miscreants.
Open the gates of hell.
and push the damned through them one by one.
Reverend Ivan Stang and I are in the center of a vast, packed stadium
desperately trying to defuse an immense 500,000 megaton nuclear time bomb.
Both of us can't figure out what to do or how to stop it,
even though the device is absurdly simple.
The crowd roars, demanding immediate detonation,
chanting, do it, over and over again at the top of their lungs,
even as the digital timer clicks to zero.
And then I woke up. What a dream, huh, pal?
Hey, see you in Slumberland.
Copyright 1997, poem every day.
I think Bob's happy seeing that.
Oh, certainly, certainly.
You get the flack and all.
That's me.
Who's Bob? Me, Bob!
Do you have enough slack?
I have slack.
How do you know?
Who's Bob? Me, Bob!
Slack is what Bob is trying to bring to the table.
All right, all right, now, all right, let's get to this slack.
Be set.
Who's Bob? Me, Bob!
1-800-GET-PINK.
Who's Bob? Me, Bob!
I don't want any of you letting Bob into the tent.
Why?
Why?
Sweetheart, aren't you overreacting just a little bit?
He will turn this place into a den.
Here's the deal,
Oh, Seekers.
Oh, what a night.
Oh, I feel like that joke, you know.
The last thing I saw was that monkey trying to put the cork back in.
Oh, Seekers, this is the Reverend Susie the Floozy.
Tonight I've been rode hard and put up slack.
Oh.
Yeah, I'm so sore from working this show out with a pencil.
And I ain't looking forward to doing the credits
because of the sheer quantity of stuff we're talking about.
So I'll go through them fast.
We heard from the subgenius interviews video,
a rise, puzzling evidence video,
the Bob's Earwax audio tape,
the loved one,
flying saucers over Hollywood,
the Plan 9 companion,
Humphrey Bogart and Broderick Crawford popped up in the mix,
as did Mrs. Miller and the Catholic Girls' School,
the Cold Cuts.
They both did their versions of The Shadow of Your Smile.
Oh, Bob, smile on us all.
And we also heard from that funky tramp in a nightclub, Jimmy Lynch,
a whole lot of...
Simpsons.
Lifeboat with...
Connie.
Betty Lee.
Merv Griffin supplied versions of the Red Ribbon.
Ah!
Must be Betty.
With masturbation, you know that at least you're making love to the one person who really does love you.
Peeeeeeee...
Aaaa...
Blahashlaaaaaaaa!
At night, you're in your two beautiful God's promise.
The married people have what we call the twelve foot stare.
They're just sitting there.
And one stare is going this way over his shoulder.
And one stare is going this way over her shoulder.
And they look wine they're going, hey, hey.
there staring it's called the five-year stare and here are the people who are dating
oh it's so wonderful
you have been driven to the brink of insanity by the conspiracy
no
Kill Bob!
Bob is a conspiracy pasty!
Bob faked his own crucifixion so he could be resurrected to become your personal savior!
Bob is in the back of his river right now getting ahead from your goldfinch!
Grab your favorite drum, come and whack his head off!
Whack it!
And place it in the trophy cage right next to the pleading head of Arnold Palmer!
That's right Bob, there's sinners just like you!
The second coming to follow me is slaughtered with the Bob drum and J.R. Bob Dom's leading the flock!
Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!

Bob!
Forgive me Bob!
Oh Bob, I have sinned against you!
I was possessed by the anti-Bob!
Please forgive me!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
If they would love him, much to do money, we would never have any problems.
He is the king of all kings.
Bill Miller, Bill T. Miller, Kings of Feedback, friends, Kill Bob, the Bill T. Miller Outband Experience, Kings of Feedback CD, right for information, Box 221, Boston, Massachusetts.
That's Box 221, Boston, Massachusetts.
That's Box 221, Boston, Massachusetts.
02123, 02123, easy to remember, or call 1617-LICK-OBE.
Lick OBE.
And now, Jim Morrison.
Recorded live in Miami, I believe the night that he got in a whole lot of trouble for whipping it out, if you know what I mean.

You're all a bunch of idiots!
How long are you gonna let them push you around?
You love it.
You're all a bunch of slaves.
A bunch of slaves.
What are you gonna do about it?
What are you gonna do about it?
What are you gonna do about it?
What are you gonna do about it?
What are you gonna do about it?
Hey, I'm not talking about no rebellion, Charles.
I'm not talking about no demonstration.
I'm not talking about getting out in the street.
I'm talking about having some fun.
I'm talking about dancing.
I'm talking about love your neighbor.
Tell it who.
I'm talking about grab your friend.
I'm talking about love.
Love.
Love.
Love.
Hey, listen.
Oh, no, Nick.
I need some love, you all.
Ain't nobody gonna love my ass.
Come on.
I need ya.
There's so many of you out there.
Nobody's gonna love me, sweetheart.
Come on.
Hey, there's a bunch of people way back there that I didn't even notice.
Hey, I've got about 50 or 60 of you people.
Come up here and let me know.
I love my ass.
Come on.
Yeah.
I love ya.
Come on.
Amazing, dear friends.
Amazing.
Jim Morrison, the night he, the last time he got busted.
I think he fled the country after that.
That was sent to us by Yetis4Bob, who also sent a bizarre, well, the sampling virus barrage.
A sort of a sound effects-y thing.
We've been hearing earlier in the show, don't you see?
And it's time to go back to that other place on the other side of the world.
On the flip-flop, as they call it.
So, dear friends.
617-LICK-OBE.
Please make a note of it.
Are you guys gonna have the theremin?
Yeah.
Friends, you've got to see what I've seen tonight.
Tiny human beings answer a complex philosophical religious question.
Live on donuts, subs, pizza, you name it.
Chaz really does have a theremin here.
It's a pole attached to a box.
And when he puts his hand up near that pole, it goes...
He just wiggled.
He just stuck his hand out there and wiggled it.
It's just like magic.
And these little lightning bolts come off of it.
And the red light goes off.

And the rats run around on their little wheel in a cage.
And the little lightning bolts hit them and kill them.
And then Dave sections them.
And we pull out the perfect gene.
And it all comes around full circle again.
A little bit of St. Louis salad dipping sauce.
And we're just having a great old time down here.
In the parking lot.
With these hors d'oeuvres.
These little sectioned rats.
And this sour cream cheese here.
I forgot what I just did.
I pre-sectioned my throat and I barbecued my rat.
What?
And your rat is sure yummy.
I think it's better than your rat.
Thanks for amputating your rat.
Chopping it up and barbecuing it for us.
I don't know how you can live without it.
But I'm sure it sure is good.
Don't worry man. They just keep growing back.
Why do you think I throw a big spread like this if they didn't come back?
Dave's amputated and barbecued rat.
I just chopped one off and another one grows back.
See, you gotta put in a little bit of...
What you call it? Lemon.
And some olive oil and garlic.
And you let it sit in there for a while before you throw it on the grill.
And it gives you the real smacky, smacky, smacky mom vibes.
Look, there's a little pinky budding on the top.
And it's coming off his shoulder now.
Look, it's grown into a big bald rat.
Let's chop it off. Let's suction it.
And put it on the barbecue.
I think this one's gonna be a possum. Let it grow a little bit.
More good.
Extra tasty with winking lizard barbecue sauce.
Mmm mmm. Yummy.
I wouldn't use nothing else because I can't use nothing else.
Contractually I'm screwed.
This program brought to you by winking lizard barbecue sauce.
When the lizard stops winking...
You're in trouble.
Oh no, you're in trouble.
Something about dinking.
Dinking.
Licking and winking.
The licking and the winking went on and on.
And I went through the night licking and winking.
And I love to lick and winking.
Can't forget that the world went on.
Winking.
Barbecue boys are here again.
Barbecue boys are here.
The barbecue boys are here again.
The barbecue boys are here again.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Goodbye winking barbecue boys and girls.
I don't know what else to say to you but get the hell out of here.
I'll never invite you back.
And that stupid clown.
I'm suing him.
We'll see you next week boys and girls.
This has been ESO radio.
Keep your head on tight.
Get back to your wind.
And the sack in the saddle.
Here's some more for you.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.

Music.


Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
I've come to talk with you again
Because a vision softly creeping
Left its seeds while I was sleeping
And a vision that was planted in my brain
Still remains
Within the silence
Of silence
In restless dreams I walk alone
Narrow streets of cobblestone
Neath the halo of an ennui street lamp
I turn my collar to the cold and down
When my eyes are stabbed by the flash
Of a neon light
That splits the night
It's a dream
I've come to talk with you again
And a vision softly creeping




Of silence
In restless dreams I walk alone
Left its seeds while I was sleeping


It's a dream
That splits the night
It's a dream
In restless dreams I walk alone
Narrow streets of cobblestone
Left its seeds while I was sleeping

Still remains
Within the silence

In restless dreams I walk alone
Narrow streets of cobblestone
Neath the halo of an ennui street lamp
I turn my collar to the cold and down
And a vision that was planted in my brain
It's a dream
That splits the night
It's a dream
That splits the night
Fool said I, you do not know
Silence like a castle
Hear my words that I might teach you
Take my arms that I might reach you
But my words, like silent raindrops, fell
And echoed in the wells of silence
No more
Silence like a castle
Hear my words that I might teach you
Take my arms that I might reach you
Take my arms that I might reach you
And the people bowed and prayed
To the neon god they made
And the sun flashed out its warning
And the sun flashed out its warning
And the sun flashed out its warning
In the words it was for me
And the sun said the words of the prophets
Are written on subway walls
And tenement halls
And whispered in the sounds
And whispered in the sounds
And whispered in the sounds
Of silence
Silence
Silence
Silence
Silence
No, were we but the sea
Silence
Silence






Slap you silly.
Tear your shirt off.
Disconnect your phone.
Pull your hair out.
Give you a paper cut.
Spill your milk.
Bounce your checks.
Burn your dinner.
Hack your limbs off.
Scratch your records.
Bop you in the nose.
Slap you silly.
Inject you with a lethal toxin.
Hide your car keys.
Publish your private diary.
Ring your doorbell.
Call your dog's silly name.
Dent your fender.
Rain on your parade.
Ruin the ozone.
Destroy your planet.
Ladies and gentlemen, live from Croydon, it's Bob Van Trapp.
Bob Van Trapp.
Sincerity on tap.
You know the wind may be blowing, sowing the seeds of despair.
But life is fair if you read the map of life that is on your lap.
Hey, don't cause a rumpus.
The compass is all you lack.
Jack.
I don't forget the jumbo jet I bought you for your birthday.
You crashed it on the first day that you flew it.
You blew it.
A jumbo jet flies overhead.
Twenty seconds later, 200 jets.
The people at the attack control were tuning in to the rock and roll.
That's right.
But get so very shy when I step up and say,
Hi!
They run a mile.
My smile is too much to bear.
People say, doobity doobity da da dee da.
That's OK.
Everybody knows it's crap.
They say, hey, here comes crap.
They know it's crap.
They say it's crap.
Bob Van Trapp.
Yeah.
They guys are the best.
Oh, yeah, there's a great city.
Very metro.
How old are they?
Nick, Rick just picked a controle Impianema and said let our bareback dude break into



Did he keep the foot off the viewfinder?
No I didn't.
Now listen.

Alright, Saturday, so what's the last thing again?

What if you can'tASANoSANoSANE!
or what, but we just heard, of course, Bob VanCrap. Here in the background, we're hearing
Les Anglais doing I Love Paris. Excuse me. I'm so sorry. I guess I could do a take two,
but Bob it all, Bob it all, Bob it all to hell. Hello, hello. Now, let's go on to the
next song up on this, number 11, Krista Hughes. My favorite things.
Shooting up smack, my needle marks look like rashes.
Cocaine, I'm a little bit of a faggot.

Clean up in my nose and eyelashes. Tattooed leather clad boys in leopard g-strings.
These are a few of my favorite things. Hot masturbation sessions with cucumbers and
cornettos. Black latex catsuits and thigh-high stilettos. Nipple clamps, vibrators,
and clitoris.
These are a few of my favorite things. Being tied up and gagged and whipped till I'm hurt
and making really stupid playsuit out of really stupid curtains. Drug-crazed sex orgies and
meaningless blings. These are a few of my favorite things. When the whip cracks.
Choo!
Gosh, that cat-a-nine.
Oh, my boy!
I'm comfortable and my fingers feel stings when I'm feeling bad. I sit and remember
my favorite things and then I don't feel so sad.
And I'm comfortable in公 from doctor coke. Eles son söz, luzo sin caso nos pecinossteros y



Pan writастьe y no nos molestes.
When the incredible su intimate Sulateli IRS,

him and his wife that I consider dear, I wonder,
Somewhere on a faraway shore, a solitary chap was gazing into the distance, when suddenly, when suddenly, she emerged from the ocean.
Clad in a scanty bikini, I was entranced by this vision before me.
Overwhelmed by her beauty, then she drifted away.
I
tried in vain to warn her of the world war two minefield left abandoned before her.
As if by a miracle, she passed over safely and continued her journey toward the freeway.
.




You must be here!
I have yet seen theacie behind that glass roof.
Far above, savoir- ultimately feel
at some pity to act against this perto gone cold water in my hand.
.
Narrowly missed her as the midday sun relentlessly bore down upon her
She succumbed to the humidity into the path
Of a runaway juggernaut
Leaping into action as the truck roared ever closer
I snatched her from the jaws of sudden death
The last thing I remember as I plunged into oblivion
Was her graceful death
Back to the ocean
I brought her back down into the ocean
And the watch had

The life she was in
The hours she lived in
And the time she sprouts
The one time her words disturbing me
wonder how I keep from going under. Outside it's crowded with people in a hurry. They bump into
each other without trying to say they're sorry. I struggle through the clouds to try to get a bump.
I cannot mount the step because it drives away too fast. At the underground I find out that the
escalator's folded so I hobble through a tunnel where the platform's always crowded.
So don't push me because I'm close to the edge. I'm trying not to lose my head. It's like a jungle
sometimes it makes me wonder how I keep from going under. It's like a jungle sometimes it makes me
wonder how I keep from going under.val�səuding Bo. It's like a jungle sometimes it makes me
wonder how I keep from going under. It's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder how I keep
from going under. paycheck


The music has never been right...
It would be better if I stood up.
I try to sit down but there aren't any places, so I stare into silence at all the empty spaces.
A man jumps up and vents his eyes bloodshot and wild and a tired pregnant mother puts her arms around her child.
In the distance is a busker trying to sing the Beatles.
Out of tune he strums his way through all the lonely people.
On the streets the cars are screeching, the headlights try to blind me.
I can hear the sound of breathing.
There's someone close behind me.
I struggle to my left, fumbling at the door.
A dog barks by the bus stop and my keys fall on the floor.
It's all getting too much.
My mind is going hazy.
I can't think anymore.
I think I'm going crazy.
So don't push me because I'm close to the edge.
I'm trying not to lose my head.
It's like a jungle sometimes.
Makes me wonder how I keep from going under.
It's like a jungle sometimes.
It makes me wonder how I keep from going under.
It's like a jungle sometimes.
It makes me wonder how I keep from going under.
I'm barely an adult but I do think I'm a bit of a little grasshopper.
No, me neither!






On passing the frozen food section, I sensed a general uncoolity in the opposite direction.
There were four people, maybe 25.
They were getting into a bad groove job.
They were in the most unhip state.
And this argument was clearly past its expiry date.
Resolving to dissolve the situation, I stepped back and blew a cool vibration.
Now you've got to remember, there's one golden rule.
The golden rule is cool.
When your patience is shot and the temperature's hot, it's not.
It's cool.
It's cool.
It's cool.
Yeah, it's cool.
It's cool.
It's cool.
Hey, buddy, what are you waiting for? Christmas?
Get that car out of my face.
Behind the wheel of my stew machine, I was stuck in a very messy traffic scene.
Temperatures were hot, tempers were breaking, and my poor pet dog Afro was shaking.
Somebody's engine started leaping.
Before you knew it, the whole city was freaking.
I climbed on the rooftop of my classic 62 and I gave him some philosophy from Dr. Stew.
This is what I always say.
Now you've got to remember, there's one golden rule.
The golden rule is cool.
When your patience is shot and the temperature's hot, it's not.
It's cool.
It's cool.
It's cool.
Lay down.
It's cool.
Relax.
Chill.
Yo, chill, man.
It's cool.
It's cool.
Take it, clean hands.
I said, hero, you've got to remember, there's one golden rule.
The golden rule is cool.
When the patience is shot and the temperature's hot, it's not.
Hey, it's cool.
It's cool.
Yeah.
Oh.
Now that was cool.
Oh.

I'm willing to make that.
Want that clue?
I'm willing to make that.
Oh.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Coolness, coolness, coolness from the Misfits.
Parlor Club Cabaret from the Misfits.
Unorthodox, underground, phenomenal, singular,
peculiar, outlandish, eccentric, fantastic,
unnatural, immoral, incredible, supernormal,
highly regular, beggars belief, boggles the mind,
ill-assorted, unfashionable, odd customers,
queer fishes, a rum lot.
The best show you've never seen.
And that's, yes, a CD from Tri-Age Records
at triage.wfmu.org.
It also describes, I suppose, the church of the subgenius
and you can write for free information
about everything else from that.
Yo, P.O. Box 1403.
Zero.
306 Dallas, Texas.
Once again, that's Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas.
7521.
A four.
Oh, thank you, thank you.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, stop.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, stop.
Look at, you know, I don't want to hear anything
about me being brain dead.
All of you.
Stop.
Barbecue.
All he means to make fun of me
is because you're,
then you guys don't feel like such dumbasses.
Stop.
Stop.
Now I'm going to be more like you.
Barbecue.
Okay, and now we're going to make a left on 11.
Yeah.
I was stranded on Route 4 down in Orlando, Bell, Florida.
And I'd eaten my filigreech and pig meat down there.
And I exposed my buttocks to a highway,
a highway patrol man one night under the influence of,
I think it was a trilithon combined with a bottle of Wild Irish.
And I spent four and a half weeks in the Duckville pond
eating fluorescent grits.
Gay, Amerasian, that squad for Christ.
We're the gay, Amerasian, that squad for Christ.
Baby boy rambles in a pop-up ride.
We can be pretty mean and we can be pretty nice.
We're the gay, Amerasian.
The dead squad for Christ.
Wait.
What woke me up was the blood dripping on my shoulder.
I thought all the rest of the screams and the gunfire and the chickens clucking.
I thought that was all part of it.
Ill dreams getting deeper and deeper.
But no, man.
I mean, he was dead already.
He was slumped over right next to me.
I didn't know.
My mouth was wide open.
Man, he ruined my new shirt before I was finally really awake.
I didn't know they were so serious up here in the hills.
I didn't know.
I didn't know what they were looking for.
I didn't know what they wanted me for.
I didn't know what I was doing here.
And now Pedro is dead.
The old lady was outside arguing with the guys.
I didn't know if they were guerrillas or if they were with the government, man.
They were in black uniforms.
And one guy did not look south of the border, man.
He was American.
He was a white guy.
I could see it right away, man.
He noticed as soon as he saw me, man.
I closed my eyes, man.
I was just like, hey, man.
I'm from, you know, what?
Jersey.
I was looking in that six-mile, man.
I knew the company smell was all over this place.
But then the guys came back and they started yelling at me to put my hands up in the air.
Arriba, alabans.
Arriba.
Arriba.
Arriba los marros.
So I put my hands up in the air and walked out to the front of the bus, man.
One guy was poking me in the back with that gun, you know.
And I knew it was, oh, yeah.
I knew it was, oh, yeah.
I knew it was a gun.
I knew it was a gun.
I knew it was a gun.
I knew it was a gun.
I knew it was a gun.
I knew it was a gun.
