What? What?
It's dear.
I'd say you were going mad.
Yes.
The door was open in the vestibule.
I closed it, leaving the stairs beyond in darkness.
Then they know it's time to sleep.
And they sleep.
The Self-Genius Power of Life.
Oh, isn't that terrible?
Why?
You see, we found dress to drool in the book.
Huh?
What was funny about it is that the bitch made 12 glam books.
That is funny.
Doesn't make any sense.
Unless you've seen the end of the Atlantic, I guess.
All right.
That's right.
Please don't go away from me.
Get out of my way.
I've got to go to the bedroom.
Oh, no.
Yes.
From PR News in Washington, I'm, quote, untethered to the truth.
That Trump is still in Syria.
It says the Syrian government was responsible.
The Trump has not yet decided what it will do.
That we are still looking into.
PR News.
The Trump also attacked Twitter today.
The Dow was 2233, 326739.
The Trump now says this is PR.
Colorado was one of the first states to vote to legalize PR News.
Massachusetts' highest court says PR News has to hand over documents
related to a state investigation into whether the giant company misled the public
by the impact of French train drivers on consumers and investors.
Hundreds of people staring at a train.
The court showed bias against the giant company.
Train drivers would not back PR News.
PR News is still in Washington.
Hello there.
All of you have heard of mail order obscenity for your entire family.
I'd like to begin with a flood tide of second-class filth in a depraved manner.
An illustrated, detailed course in PR.








The court has been
threatening to pervert an entire generation of our wild, flagrant Harvard sociologists.
The United States Supreme Court has described it as dirt for dirt's sake.
We describe it as dirt for money's sake.
The subgenius power of slush.
In the past few years, this depraved filth has become increasingly worse.
Not only in content, but in volume.
For one reason.
It is big business.
Profitable business.
For the mercenary perverts who produce it.
I swore I would never sing again.
Through this material, today's sadists, masochists, psychiatrists, sociologists, and psychologists,
the military chaplains association of the United States, and every other kind of deviant,
can be stimulated to slack.
For which he has no legitimate outlet.
This moral decay weakens our resistance to the onslaught of the communist masters of bizarre,
but evil, misfit, pervert cults.
Highly colorful, contaminated, hardcore human buttocks in a perverted manner.
And thus, the grotesque rubber cigarette for the participant until his utter depravity
is complete.
Remember, support the obscenity racketeers by writing to Cincinnati, Ohio.
Yes, dear friends.
And thank you, Lee Murr.
This episode, hour of slack number 1,870.
I'm making it real easy on myself.
Because it's just me talking for an hour.
Now, luckily, I already did.
So, I'm going to do it again.
all the talking last Sunday from a specially written sermon I delivered at the 31st Winter
Star Symposium the weekend before Valentine's Day. So since it was part of a public show,
I wasn't just chatting off the top of my head like a dementia-ridden old man, although I did
a little of that too. Much of the sermon came from what you might call text jams by me, Dr.
Philo Drummond and Dr. Uncle Onan Canterbite, which I condensed and made more rant-like.
It was supposed to climax with a mass short-duration marriage, but that all ended early,
so I read a wonderful rant by Onan at the end. The whole symposium was on Zoom, so I was preaching
remotely from my desk at Stang Ranch outside Glen Rose, Texas. I wore pants anyway, and I even
shaved. But you can't hear the audience. It just sounds like a crazy man alone in his room.
Whatever. Oh, the music in the background here is by Ego Plum. Now, I know last week I promised
more readings from The Agent and Mr. Dobbs by Reverend Teters LaVerge, our new mystery novel,
but this is more timely and, in fact, starts with a message via time camera.
Ladies and gentlemen,
things. I am speaking to you via a time camera. If you can hear my voice, if you can see my face,
then to you it will be the conspiracy year 2022. A terrible disease will be sweeping the world,
and yet half the people will choose death just to prove they're smarter than those who chose life.
Ultra-patriotic Americans will riot for the
right to destroy democracy in order to save America from letting the wrong Americans have
freedoms. Humans will begin noticing that the planet and their own faces are on fire
and will spread gasoline everywhere. The followers of Jesus will switch to loving the rich
and cruel and powerful and hating the meek, the poor, and the lame.
Millions of people will be afraid of the world, and they will be afraid of the world.
Millions will spend millions on things that definitely do not exist.
Therefore, the purpose of life is to have fun and get slack, and you should strive to be kind
to parents and animals, exercise and eat right, avoid unhealthy food, and above all,
send money to J.R. Bob Dobbs. If you don't send money to Bob,
we won't be able to save you. We won't be able to save you. We won't be able to save you. We won't
be able to perfect this time camera, and this sermon will never reach you.
But you're seeing this, so, well, just send the money and don't think about all that too much.
The time travel stuff, just don't even think about it. It's just tricky.
And if you see me doing this routine again, I mean, if you see another time camera sermon,
just kind of make sure you're in the right time stream. Don't double up.
Just double check. And now we may proceed.
This is the circus of Reverend Stang. We show you things, then you say,
dang. We'll tell you of places you'll never go. We've searched the world, both high and low,
to bring new slack to this marvelous show. Burma shave.
Recording in progress.
Recording in progress. Recording.
Recording. Everything's going fine. No trouble.
Friends, I'm so honored to be at my 31st Winter Star, or Winter Star Ball, I mean, Winter Star Symposium.
There have been more stars than balls, haven't there?
And it says here that I'm supposed to do something called What the WTF?
Newly uncorked revelations from Bob about the nature of X-Day. That's coming.
That will shake the...
foundations of our very houses.
And eventually we'll cover topics about why we didn't know about the dinosaur cities,
gender disabilities and the differently vocabularied, but yawkin' relaxed,
and the parable of the spotted fly, if we get that far.
And of course we'll climax it with the traditional short-nuration mass cult wedding, or love-in, or slack-out.
Incidentally, I have no...
not been paid to say any of the following.
That's okay.
I'm just reassuring you of that.
Okay, Church of the Subgenius. Well, I'm not gonna explain it to you,
uh, because you already know, or don't need to, but basically it's like humor, but funnier.
In fact, it would be even funnier than that if we were kidding.
And it's about slack.
And, uh...
Sometimes it's funny.
Slack can be the work you love doing most,
but sometimes, I don't know,
sometimes wasting my time seems to be the best use of my time,
if you know what I mean.
And as far as, uh, the word
subgenius, well, we didn't call it Church of the Genius,
if there is a smartest person in the room,
he or she or them probably does not think of it that way.
We're what you might call differently and smartened.
I've been, uh, spending a lot of time kind of partially disabled,
because of a bad back and broke my toe and a bunch of other stupid things.
Did it all to myself.
But disabled is kind of a bad word now.
People say differently abled.
But subgeniuses are the differently vocabularied.
Subgeniuses are the differently vocabularied.



Subgeniuses are the differently vocabularied.
Even differently sane, in some cases.
Differently normal. That's us.
We like to think we're not liars,
we're just differently honested, as it were.
Differently good.
I'm not deaf, I'm just differently hearinged.
And, uh, differently attractive, I guess you could say.
Just like, uh,
when differently inexpensive actually means grossly overpriced.
So, uh, we, the differently new-speaked, as it were,
are really, we're differently woke.
Oh, I'm woke, I'm just differently woke.
I guess you're just differently tolerant.
So the person in the iron lung is fully able, just, uh, differently.
So there's no negative to it, it's all positive.
Toxic positivity, they call it.
It counterbalances toxic asshol-tivity.
I'm sure all of us agree on all this, because we're alternately uniform and equally unique.
That leads us to, oh, the big X-Day excuse.
Uh, uh, revelation.
The new X-Day revelation.
Man, I'm not kidding.
This blew my mind.
It's something that Dr. Uncle Onan Kanabite stumbled upon recently.
It's really major.
And, uh, my mind has never been phylated in this manner, honestly.
It's as weird as the time we discovered that 1998 was also 8661.
We're gassed to the point of flabber.
My friends.
So these, uh, implications are pretty terrifying, and yet they're also hopeful.
Okay.
So we know from prophecy that the media will refer to the advent of the angelic host from Planet X as X-Day.
But now that we're a lot less certain about what planet this is, necessarily, and what year this is,
the Day of Judgment is now a little bit more obvious.
Uh, a variable.
You know, in, uh, the letter in mathematics that indicates a variable is the X.
Maybe, maybe it's called X-Day because it's variable.
It could be today.
It could be soon.
And we have to live our lives with that variable.
Is today my X-Day?
Is it your X-Day?
Maybe the X-Day of, uh, everyone?
Or the X-Day of somebody I don't know yet?
Or haven't killed yet?
What will the future bring, friends?
Road Warrior?
1984?
Brave New World?
Uh, Let's Visit the World of the Future?
Planet of the Apes?
That would be fun.
Life After People?
That's, uh, all of that's variable, too.
Either way, the Church of the Subgenius offers you the best apocalypse.
The world ends.
July 5th, 1998, at 7 a.m.
And we don't know when the real X-Day will be.
It's variable.
It might be today.
Might be tomorrow.
But soon.
Soon.
This, uh, X equals variable day concept offers spiritual integrity to the notion that one may have a July 5th that isn't necessarily on the conspiracy calendar July 5th.
Uh, just like old Pogo noticing that Friday the 13th can happen on a Wednesday.
Pogo was no fool.
We don't like to use that word, uh, fool or stupid, moron, uh, dipshit.
We prefer the more polite term, subgenius.
The first line of the first page of the first subgenius pamphlet says,
The world ends tomorrow and you may die.
Well, no, probably not.
In small print.
People just skip over that, that last half.
That, well, no, probably not.
But it's there in black and white.
If we can but open our heart chakras to the, uh, vibrations of it.
But, don't you see? This could change everything!
It, it, this, this literally, it's, all the rules are out the window now.
It's prophecy chaos theory.
It also means we could, I suppose we could have our big celebration at a less hot time of year.
But, it's like up is down and vice versa.
Dogs and cats sleeping together.
Oh wait, actually, mine do all the time.
Anyway, it's like, like just as 1998 is also 86, 61.
Uh, this whole thing was somehow hidden in plain sight all this time.
How could we have been so blind to it?
Well, because of the conspiracy.
And cataracts, probably.
But what is constant and not variable, my friends, is that today is a good day to make your peace or send money to the subgenius foundation.
Often, those two are the same.
Why not both?
The rival cults do not offer such rules.
They offer vagaries.
Millennialism is when your religion says you're important enough to be punished, but not good enough to be forgiven.
It's a spiritual delusion of grandeur.
A story of how to get to heaven, ending with no ability to do so.
God is a harsh mistress, my friends.
In fact, the most compelling reason to join the church of the subgenius is probably that you'll never be disappointed.
You'll be disappointed at its failure to deliver on impossible promises.
That's us.
The parable of the swatted fly.
When I was very, very young, centuries ago, I worked for, believe it or not, Mayflower Moving Company as a moving man.
I was not a very good one because you really need to be the size of a linebacker.
My dad got me the job.
They, of course, were loath to send out little hippie guys on the job.
So myself and the other little or overweight hippie guys ended up sitting around waiting to be sent out.
You know, we were like the last ones picked for the team, you might say.
So we got bored.
This was before phones or television.
And there were flies.
And one of the fellows swatted this fly.
It was sitting on the table in front of me.
And it wasn't really dead.
It was kind of just doing this.
And I had a Dr. Pepper can with me.
And I thought, that poor thing.
I'm an animal lover.
And I put a drop of that sugar water, Dr. Pepper, with caffeine,
right up next to the fly.
And the fly stuck his or her little proboscis out and sipped some of that Dr. Pepper.
And then it methodically reached down with its little fly legs
and started pulling its entrails back into its abdomen.
I sat there watching this thing.
And it took about 10 minutes for the fly to get its guts back in.
And he kind of zipped up his belly.
And then he straightened his wings for some time.
He could get his legs all the way back.
I can't do it.
Good thing I don't have wings.
And it stroked its wings until they were flattened out.
And by God, that swatted fly up and flew away.
Be like that swatted fly, my friend.
But of course, it would help if some godlike monster came along
and put a bunch of sugar water and Adderall in front of you.
And magic healing potions.
Maybe some edibles.
Anyway, that's the parable of the swatted fly.
It's amazing how life will go on.
I honestly, I used to, when I was younger,
I was seriously worried that nuclear weapons would wipe out all life on Earth.
All life.
Well, I was ignorant.
I did not understand then that there's more life living literally in the rocks,
deep in the mantle of the Earth.
There's so much bacterial-type life down there
that it outweighs all of the creatures on the surface.
And speaking of us creatures on the surface,
big ones like us are really in the minority.
Most living animals are parasites of other animals.
So, bacteria, bacteria.
It's everywhere, friends.
The planet, as George Carlin pointed out,
the planet will be fine.
If you really know your junior science,
and I do now,
the planet will always pull its guts back in
and smooth its wings out.
There'll be, you know, even if every large creature was wiped out,
the equivalent would all come back.
Instead of people, it might be squibbons or squidmen.
There are some wonderful documentaries speculating about
the things that could replace us.
Which could bring me to the dinosaurs.
But first, I wanted to...
Friends, I saved Texas.
I don't know whether that's a good...
Honestly.
But apparently, I saved Texas.
You know, last year, right about this time,
in north central Texas, all over most of the state, actually,
there was a terrible freeze.
The worst in a hundred years.
We'll probably have plenty more of them.
Disabled the whole state's electric grid,
which is cocooned and won't share with any other states.
And we, right here at Stang Ranch, in Fossil House,
we had no power or heat for four or five days.
It was really, really nasty.
It was miserable.
Princess Wee and I had double layers of clothing on,
and coats and boots, in bed, under five blankets,
with two dogs and three cats on top of the blankets,
and then more blankets on top of the animals.
It was that bad.
So this year,
I bought a generator.
Those things cost a lot.
Just enough to run a couple of heat lamps
and recharge your phones.
Like 500 bucks.
Okay, so I spent this money.
Therefore, by Bob's unsympathetic magic,
the freeze didn't come.
We dodged the bullet.
Had I not bought the generator,
it definitely would have frozen.
A lot of people would have died again.
When I spent that money,
the only way fate could render my sacrifice sufficiently needless
and pointless was to keep the weather normal.
So in that respect,
by wasting my precious money,
I saved Texas.
Now, your rival cults,
they put the simp in sympathetic magic.
The Church of the Subgenius practices pimp aesthetic magic.
Possibly even pimp anesthetic magic.
But that's hard to say.
Again, whether saving Texas was a good idea,
well, it wasn't really my idea.
It just happened.
But that remains debatable.
It really does.
This state can be very merciless and cruel
in its laws and things.
So the dinosaurs, I guess,
should have invested in very expensive underground bomb shelters.
Then that big planet killer never would have hit.
The pesky Reverend Pease,
he'll be happy because I got his name mentioned.
The pesky Reverend Pease asked me, personally,
instead of Dr. Howell,
he said,
if dinosaurs lived so long ago,
isn't it possible they had cities and stuff that are just gone?
Because here in Nevada, he said,
I mean, a town can't last 85 years in Nevada.
So it's true.
70 million years from now,
there will probably be very little evidence of human cities
or machines or anything like that.
This subject has been considered by smart people,
book smart people, I should say, before.
And plus, it just makes sense.
You may have seen about 10, 15 years ago,
there was a subgenius porno show on television
called Life After People.
Several episodes that had hypothetical situation
of humans suddenly not being here anymore.
Say, some weird virus suddenly Omega-manned the whole world.
Nature obliterates our presence pretty quickly.
Grass grows through driveways.
Driveways and roads and sidewalks.
A discarded chili can might last 100 years,
but eventually it turns into rusty old dust like everything else.
Rust never sleeps.
That was the slogan of the Akron Rustoleum Company, friends,
mentioned by Reverend Mark Mothersbaugh to Neil Young
during the filming of the insane movie, Human Highway.
Boy, is that one to look at at Thanksgiving.
And hence the album titled Rust Never Sleeps.
But yeah, anyway, after X-Day, give it another million years
and there won't be a single trace left of the human world.
There might, however, be an inordinate amount of human and chicken bones.
Chicken bones found in a very thin layer
representing the relatively short Anthropocene.
The age of man.
It's possible, I suppose, that even little mammals
descended from human remnants
would fit into the niches occupied by vermin currently.
So, nature is so beautiful.
God was so wise before she died.
Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh.
I'm just kidding.
As a junior scientist, I'm like Einstein.
I believe in God in ways that average religious nut
can't even begin to comprehend.
Because it's...
I can't think that big.
They're too busy watching zombie shows.
Now, Dr. Canabite pointed out that in the zombie shows,
the horror... the good zombie shows.
The horror isn't the zombies and it's only partially the societal collapse.
The main horror is you don't get to pick who your fellow survivors are.
You're stuck with them, or you're against them, or they're against you.
It doesn't matter if they're useless or stupid or causing problems or bullies.
That's the horror. The real horror is the people.
I had to quit watching that Walking Dead show around season seven
because the people were just too scary.
I couldn't handle it.
There's the people you're stuck with because fate made that happen,
and there's the people who are stuck with each other who want to come and take your stuff.
Speaking of stuck with each other,
I guess I could do the short duration marriage.
And we'll all be stuck together.
Stop right up! Get your holy short duration marriage here!
Test your mettle and win the little...
See, it's a gender thing.
This script was written in 1982, I think.
Win the little lady a sacred certificate.
Man, that's dated.
The little lady has to win me one.
Guaranteed to absolve and sanctify all otherwise illicit couplings.
Free short duration divorce if not completely satisfied.
That's actually a lie because that's where the money is, the divorce is, you know.
Oh yes.
Beloved friends, voyeurs, jealous associates, and any hidden cameras.
What the hell does that mean on a Zoom meeting?
Do you, insert name here, swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, say yes?
Yes.
How long do you wish for this sanctified coupling to last?
Let's keep it at just 24 hours.
We don't want to be stuck with each other, you know what I'm saying.
24 hours is enough for getting a little whatever.
Dearly beloveds, we are gathered here today in the presence of J.R. Bob Dobbs,
whatever form he may choose to take.
And insert other deity names here.
In this crowd, that's a long damn list.
I'm not going to go into it.
But all your favorites, including both Marvel and DC, and even Dell.
To join.
This being entity, car keys, wallet, chair, pet, whatever.
And this other entity, all other entities present, including, if you wish, car keys, purses, glasses, phones.
The stuff you're losing every day.
Maybe this will help.
We're going to join these people and objects in a temporary,
but no less virtuous, bondage of holy matrimony.
For better or for worse, but praise Bob, not for long.
Do you feel the spirit?
Everybody say praise Bob.
The silent...
Praise Bob!
There's Bob right there.
Christopher P.
Christopher P.
It reminds me of Christopher Lee.
Anyway...
Oh, and put...
Praise Bob.
The script says put your hands on each other.
Praise Bob!
You know, normally we'd be in the Beachland Ballroom or something,
and there could be some serious groping.
But now it's just, you know...
Oh well.
At least we don't have to wear masks on Zoom.
So pretend you're putting your hands on each other.
This is a bond of sub-holy wedlock,
so no matter what physical position these beloved may take in the next 24 hours,
their moral standing shall remain upright!
And if there are any jealous losers here who feel that these beings and entities and objects
should not be joined temporarily, not even for a mere 24 hours,
just hold your peace. We don't want to hear about it.
And, uh...
Oh.
Has... Before we proceed, has the preacher been paid?
Yes.
I have been amply paid.
I have been paid in slack and the joy of seeing my old friends and so many new ones.
That sounds good, doesn't it?
So do you take...
Insert name here.
Take this...
All these other things, insert all those names here,
to be your lawfully wedded spouse
in short duration, subgenius matrimony,
to have and to hold, in fact, to do just about anything he or she or it agrees to do,
or them, or...
for richer or poorer, in sickness and kinkiness,
through any hardship or disaster that may befall her and him and them
in the next 24 hours, for whatever sick and twisted, but no less blessed,
reason for the next 24 hours, say, I do!
I do.
And, uh...
Shhh...
Now shake on it and say it's a deal.
Well, it'll have to be the virtual handshake, like the virtual, uh...
Signature.
You know, your e-signature.
Okay, now get out the ring.
If you don't have a ring, don't worry.
The handy temple of Devoe
is almost always available.
Take this ring as a symbol of the holiest state of marriage
and of the shackles, the veritable handcuffs of wedlock,
as well as the pole going deep in the hole repeatedly,
or whatever, however that works.
I lost track.
And now install the rings.
Okay.
On page three.
By the authority invested in me by J.R. Bob Dobbs
and in defiance of the laws of the states,
any of the states we have to be in,
and of nature, and of mind,
I pronounce you thing, thing, person, person, person, and person,
and pet, and being, and life form,
to be married for the next 24 hours.
You must now kiss each other.
Now see this, we've got to change everything
for this futuristic modern-a-go-go world.
It's awful.
You're now duly authorized and excused
for sexual couplings of any perverse, unspeakable kind
for a period of 24 hours starting now.
2.31.
Central time.
If you do not do these couplings,
you make a mockery of the sacred institution of marriage.
You can't do that.
So ashes to ashes, dust to dust,
it is done.
A men and a women and a wine mind.
It's like, there you go again.
You can't limit this stuff.
The hems and the heres and whatever,
all your, let all the pronouns,
bloom.
There you go.
Didn't Mao say that or something?
Anyway.
Now that could have been the end of the sermon.
But, guess what?
After 20 years,
we raised the price of subgenius ministership.
Some of you should have joined up last year.
Because after 20 years,
the price of salvation,
or triple your money back,
eternal salvation,
or triple your money back,
has leapt from $35 to $50.
It now costs twice as much
to make these holy ordainment kits.
Here, let me get one.
It's full of crap.
I mean, there's all kinds of stuff in here.
Stickers, these huge doctorates and excuses,
a button, the minister's card,
all kinds of portraits of Bob,
and many, many documents.
That costs us twice as much to make that stuff,
and yet we're only charging you 50% more.
And today, today only,
you're just in time for the 10% discount.
So it's really only $44.99.
That's nothing.
It's as if we only raised the price by $10.
Can you believe these incredible price ups?
We must be insane!
A sure sign of madness of the end times, my friend,
when you see us raise our prices.
We just must be crazy.
If the conspiracy doom and gloom boys got you in a spin,
we'll just wait until Bob puts his hand on the merry-go-round.
You'll end up on your head
when you see all these all-new prices
for the same damn things.
We also raised the price of our T-shirts
and a few other things.
Little pins and such.
We're running at top speed
just to stay in the same place,
keeping up with you,
the choosy cult customer.
Now see, we really thought we were kidding
about the end times.
We thought we were exaggerating,
and we didn't really expect everything
to start happening so fast,
just like the most absurd predictions
in the book of the subgenius,
mostly put together in 1981.
If you look through the dateline for dominance,
it is frightening how much of that stuff
really did come true.
We had the times wrong,
but then we had 1998 wrong.
That ain't our fault.
As Onan Kenobite said,
there's still time for things to get a-hawking.
And it's a whole lot worse.
I met a politician with blood up to his elbows
proclaiming his virtue
compared to a politician with blood up to his shoulders.
But you can be neck deep
in the slurry trough of a spiritual abattoir
when you join the church of the subgenius.
Let us choose how we're going to be screwed.
Some ways cost more.
By two memberships,
and put one in a time capsule,
in the past.
You can trick yourself that way.
It'll be fun.
As Bob Dobbs so famously told Ronald Reagan,
a rising price lifts all hearts.
And hence we have the dribble-down economy,
where somehow the rich just get richer and richer.
Dang.
You know, when you become a subgenius minister,
it's traditional to adopt a new name,
you know, a church name.
Often times they're clever puns.
And some people, I've learned,
hold back because they haven't thought of a good enough new name.
If you've been holding back from joining the church,
here's some spare names that haven't been used.
But you'll have to fight over them yourself.
And you'll have to fight over them yourself.

Reverend Will Harshmallow.
Reverend Anna Falaxis.
These haven't been used yet.
Reverend Oki Boomer.
Reverend Mark O'Kane.
Marco DeBeast.
Reverend Joe Scognew.
And, uh, well, no, Reverend Funnyname is taken.
That one's already taken.
And this is where I could end.
I have sort of a new rant ending.
They erased the previous one.
I'm actually staying 2.0, by the way.
I think.
We're working on a Bob 2.0 AI.
And I'm not kidding, by the way.
Well, we're hoping work will begin on Bob 2.0, the AI version.
Because, you know, we can't, it's real hard to meet Bob in person.
But unlike other people, he can survive the laser scanning of the brain.
Usually scanning the brain to that degree would kill a normal human.
But Bob is no normal human.
And he doesn't need that much.
Because it's not brains.
It's not about brains.
Subgenius.
It's about luck.
Bob is not smart.
He's lucky.
He said, I'd rather be lucky than good any day.
He may not have been the very first person to say that.
But anyway, my new rant ending is, uh,
Ignorance is freedom.
Slavery is peace.
Dobbs is slack.
Send one dollar.
But nobody ever sends one dollar, by the way.
That doesn't happen to me.
I used to pay for my kids' lunch money with the dollars that came from people sending a dollar.
And they got a pamphlet back.
Back then, the pamphlets didn't cost a dollar to print.
Nor 55 cents to mail.
And you could just kind of tape the edges shut and write the address right on the pamphlet.
No envelope.
That never, ever happens anymore.
Because these are the end times.
But you're lucky, friends, because you have coming up Fat Man D and Tommy Amoeba.
And the last time I saw them put on a show here, it may have been the Starwood Zoom.
It was fabulous.
Tommy's carefully constructed set fell down behind him.
Almost as if it was meant to happen.
That proves that Tommy Amoeba is a true subgenius.
That's actually the end of my staged rant.
Actually, I have a rant here I could read to you by Onan.
It's not by me.
I'm just not angry enough anymore.
Isn't that weird?
Now, we could do a question.
I don't have any questions except for my deafness.
Can I turn on...
Oh, I can turn on the chat.
Yeah.
I can see...
Now I see the chat.
Oh, everybody typed Praise Bob.
But you didn't spell Bob's name right.
It doesn't count unless you put quotes on it.
You have to put the quotes.
If you really mean Bob Dobbs, you have to put the quotes on his name.
Because that contains him.
That's a ward to keep his power from leaking off of his name
and taking your last vestige of free will.
It's that powerful of a name.
That's why those quotes must be there.
It's really important.
It also signifies to the really cultish subgeniuses
if you're just an amateur.
They'll tear you apart on Facebook for that.
Speaking of which, I have not been on Facebook a lot lately.
I used to really be involved in social media.
Long before Facebook or even MySpace,
we used Usenet in the 90s.
I spent all day doing that crap.
Facebook came along and I really enjoyed that.
And I still do skim it.
I lurk quite a bit.
I only let people be friends that I know personally.
So if anybody here has tried to be friends,
it's not that I'm a snob.
It's that I'm careful.
And have limited time, you might say.
I'm trying to use my time the best way.
Which lately has been preserving the physical stuff
that has been created.
And making sure that there is a new sacred scribe
to handle this crap after I board the saucers.
Which I'm not expecting to any time soon.
But I'm 68.
You see how I wore my hat?
I wear my hat.
That's so you all recognize me.
So it's like who'd recognize the old bald man?
I do still have my ponytail.
So there you go.
I look like a young man from behind.
I have old divorcees come up to me from behind.
Going, say I love your long ponytail, sir.
Because they're thinking, oh, he's skinnier than my husband.
And I turn around and you can see them thinking,
ooh, he's a lot older than my husband too.
So, yeah, coming, I'm a little old man.
But going away, I'm a biker.
So that's fun here in small town rural Texas.
Actually, all the old cowboys have the same gray ponytail.
That's really common around here.
Okay, Onan has an optimism rant here.
Which I'll read, but I'll try to do it with feeling.
These are the end times.
One way or another, these are the end times.
By the way, get your questions ready.
These are the end times.
For some, the end times mean an expiration of clean air, potable water, food.
Or it means disease, decay.
Or it means a disease.
Or it means death.
For some, the end times mean the end of time.
A final triumph of time control as promised by J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The end times come to the pinks and the subgenius alike and sadly in all forms.
But you're hearing my voice and seeing my face.
And therefore, while these things are, yay, the end times,
fate has not seen fit to end your time at this time.
No, you've got some suffering in you yet and that won't go to waste.
Jehovah One, the alien space god, feeds on mortal suffering and seasons it with irony.
The same is true of all the elder gods and a few of the younger gods.
And there's no denying them their banquet.
We pray they pray.
The conspiracy will tell you that there's no cause for optimism.
The conspiracy will tell you that optimism is expecting everything to turn out right every time.
Everything.
And if everything doesn't turn right every time, then optimism has failed.
Since optimism fails, one should stick with the success of failure.
The conspiracy is great at rewarding failure when it's your failure.
They don't like it so much when they fail.
They don't even like it when you notice that they can fail.
A gentle listener, you may be surprised to learn that the subgenius has a different perspective on this matter.
Differently perspective.
For one thing, optimism is not expecting everything to turn out right every time.
Optimism is when the subgenius is foolish and amoral enough to see all of life as one great sales opportunity.
Whatever happens, the market is open to the sales representative.
The sales representative is willing to take it on the chin and come back with a grin.
Optimism is that infuriating, uncanny luck of Bob by which whatever happens is exactly what he wanted to happen as it is happening.
We really aren't sure if he has what we would consider a memory or an understanding that future events will occur.
He just is.
Actually, Time Magazine printed that.
It was a typo, but they printed...
They were talking about Bob and they were correcting an error and they said, Bob is.
The next issue they had to come back and correct it.
They said, well, what we meant to...
I was going, yeah, that's right. They finally got it right. Bob is.
Because Bob had been voted fraud of the century.
We worked our asses off on that.
The Discordians were trying to beat us by using Geraldo Rivera.
And the conspiracy was...
They wouldn't let people use Rush Limbaugh or L. Ron Hubbard.
Bob won.
And then they started to explain Bob and they did a misprint.
So they had to come back and say what they had meant to say about this non-existent fraud.
And they basically got that wrong.
They said Bob was invented by a band in Texas.
Well, there you go. That's the media for you.
Anyway, Bob just is.
Another thing is that even if we cannot quite ape the Dobby,
Bob's nature, we can frame optimism as the success of what we prefer to happen.
Not everything that happens.
And for sure not what the conspiracy insists must happen.
When somebody you don't like comes to a bad end,
or at least goes out and bothers somebody else for a while,
that's hardly everything turning right every time for them.
But for you, heck yeah!
Let those jerks get a taste of their own medicine for a change.
Not because it'll do them any good,
but because it gives you slack.
So you see, optimism is the evidence-based response to these end times.
The whole planet is doomed.
If the ghost dinosaurs don't get you,
the plastic in the placenta will.
If the oceans don't acidify you,
the social media will sizzle your very soul.
This naturally and necessarily means that they who tamper your cause
will endure great agony and defeat.
Yay!
Try to die last.
Or maybe just be glad for the simple pleasures when they come your way.
Keep a little spark lit to pass on to some other subgenius
who's even more in the dark than you are.
Whether you believe all it takes is a little sprinkle,
or whether you believe it requires full immersion,
you walk on into that water and gain the gift of Bobtism from your own hand.
By this sure means, ye shall know Bobtimism.
And you know, I believe that's the first time I've actually ever read that.
I printed this thing out and maybe I've just got the dementias,
but I don't remember.
For all I know, I read it on radio show Hour of Slack.
Hour of Slack is on all the time now.
We're on episode number 1876.
It's been on for 75 years.
More than 35 years.
Last year was the Church of the Subgenius' 40th anniversary.
A movie came out about us that is really good.
It's very entertaining.
It's true to life.
The lady who directed it hired the best editor and writers and writers.


So forth.
And the funny thing is, it actually is the best film about Church of the Subgenius.
And the director, Sandy Boone, is a Christian.
She had to quit her church because they went all,
you know.
And she wasn't really, you know.
That was sad.
And it was sad that the movie came out when COVID did.
It never was in theaters.
But it is streaming in a lot of places.
And if you go to dobstown.org,
there is a very concise list of all the ways to see it.
Like I say, Tubi, it's free.
I think it's like four bucks.
And YouTube has it, actually.
J.R. Bob Dobson, The Church of the Subgenius is the title.
Now I'm going to hawk a little bit more stuff.
I've got ten minutes here.
Are there any questions?
I hate when I'm talking about YouTube.
I hate when I nearly die, but it's better than the alternative.
Yeah.
Yep.
We get that.
As all old people say, just as if they made it up,
getting old ain't for sissies.
I really thought my mom made that up, but everybody says it.
Anyway, we have a new book out.
It's not even in the catalog yet,
because right now it's a special edition of only 50 numbered copies.
It's called The Agent and Mr. Dobbs
by Reverend Teters Lohan.
It's a great book.

It's the best story featuring Bob as a character that I've ever read.
I've written two screenplays for Subgenius Movie,
but if somebody came to me and said,
you have a screenplay, I'd give them this.
Honest.
It's really sick and really funny.
It takes place in the 60s.
It's a hardback.
It looks like a little golden book, doesn't it?
Not very big.
And it's about a buck a page.
We'll put out an affordable paperback version later.
But we wanted to try the special signed numbered edition
for the three rich people in the church.
We still have Neighbor World,
the science fiction novel by Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
It's not specifically Subgenius oriented,
but it might as well be.
If you've ever heard Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
you should read Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
He actually is a writer.
He worked as a newspaper reporter and article writer.
And we have a science fiction subgenius book,
the first subgenius novel,
Eyelash, by Reverend Nikolai Kingsley.
It takes place partly on the eyelash of a Yakutizma,
which is a giant planet-eating robot.
Bob is in it.
But the main characters are a couple of subgeniuses
and an exist,
a man from Planet X
who happens to be in the body of a buxom woman.
So, you know, the movie would sell, I guess.
Anyway, and of course, we still have the book of the subgenius.
Still in print.
30 years in print.
Over 100,000 copies sold.
And unbelievable numbers bootlegged
in crappy PDF form.
I just got a letter from some guy.
He wanted to join the members-only group,
Scrub Genius.
And I actually check these people.
I said, we don't have Neo-Weirdo 2525 in our records.
He goes, oh, I never spent any money,
but I've worked really hard to download the PDFs
of all your books.
And I was like, gee, thanks, bub.
It actually was a funny exchange.
I'm not a scrub genius.
I'm not as cranky as I used to be.
Oddly.
So, there you go.
Any other, any questions?
My dimensions are 2x4, personally.
Oh, that's, hi Spencer.
Which one is, I don't know if I can see everybody.
Okay, friends, it's almost time.
It's time for me to get the heck out of here.
Thank you very, very much
for attending this virtual devival.
There's no greater honor than to be paid attention to.
Spencer is attending from Ireland,
and he said, hi, uncle.
Oh, okay.
Actually, Onan is the uncle.
Okay.
Although I'm an uncle, too.
I just wanted you to know.
Our two nephews live right here on the property,
but luckily, not very close by.
It's great.
Nobody lives here but my family,
but they all have their own nephews.
They all have their own houses,
and they're not all crammed together.
It's so wonderful.
Well, most of my family.
There's one still missing.
But I can't wait to see Fat Mandy and Tommy Amoeba.
They're the greatest.
There's Tommy right now.
Oh!
Oh!
Thank you, and praise Bob.
I shall now formally leave,
so that I may come back in a minute.
I'll put that movie on.
You don't have to leave.
I know.
But it's just a formality.
I'll choose a video background.
Now I can go to the bathroom, see.
I did think of that.
I did do that first.
Thank you for listening.
This is Hour of Slack.
And you can learn more about the Church of the Subgenius
from subgenius.com.
Praise Bob.
But you should You should
I do.
I just want to stand up.
So it...

The father came up.

No!
odarinei can say fo the
You vintage.




Watch me!
Yeah.
Britain's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, backed by Russia, has been carrying out an offensive Turkey news in the city center.
City center.
Johnson visited his troops by a tank and destroyed buildings.
Turkish fighters now say they've taken control.
On Twitter today, President Trump says 200 people have some PR.
Trump tweets the PR reports were probably made at a later date to further their agendas.
PR news.
The second fashion reports.
Only 3.6463.
Officials in Florida say they believe all PR news.
PR news.
Ta-ta.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
No.

My.


You.
Up.
You're a cat.
What a great story.
The skies is a cat.
Yeah.
