The Man Bitch Sony brand fake plastic midget custodian
danced in spastic recoil from the candy-ass half-dick
with the darkly stained underoos pulled up snugly into a V-shape
and ever so delicately duct-taped to his filthy crusted midriff.
So, with a mighty yelp from his companion, the sentient unibrow Clive,
he spun about air-guitaring and screamed silently
in the fashion of the well-trained Man Bitch.
After which, the crusty underoos-clad fellow
squatted and shatted potato onto the street where he stood twitching.
He then quickly stood stiff, locking his knees
and stretching one dirty hand high in the air
before thrusting it.
With a bold movement of self-determined directness
down the front of his darkly stained underoos,
a look of confusion and bewilderment
screwed his face up into a tiny corner of his head
only to suddenly have it spring back
plastered with the pure joy of idiot bliss.
As the aforementioned crotch-searching appendage
was yanked from its hygienically dubious exploratory excursion
into the darkly stained underoos
clutching the weathered nub of a Crayola branch
piece of pastel purple chalk.
And before the midget could flatuate
or get born again or become a Scientologist
or a scientist

he acted anyway.
The filthy fellow dropped to his knobby pockmarked knees
and quickly tore a circle around the potato
he had recently astonishingly shat
onto the street where he stood.
The chalk continued with a frenzied hurried scratching.
The potato began to twitch.
The midget broke and leant with a high-pitched scream.
In front of his midget-modified tough-skinned trousers
grew a deeper shade of blue with his flood of terrified piss
just as the frantic chalky scribbling stopped to reveal
a scary mess of symbols from the anals of satanic potato dough.
Symbols that would later be translated as
The Hour of Swack.
The following broadcast is a subgenius production.
Gaiety galore and lots of fun even.
I wanna be sure that you find out about Bob.
Now Bob, tell us the truth.
Have I mentioned I'm immense and immortal?
Station Bremen and Station DXB on the 31 meter band.
You are about to hear our news in English.
Now Bob, tell us the truth.
Alright you primitive screwheads, listen up.
You're a loony.
You're not going crazy.
You're going sane in a crazy world.
Now Bob, tell us the truth.
This man is no ordinary man.
Now Bob, tell us the truth.
There can be only one.
Oooh, spooky.
Yeah, whatever.
And now, here with an unlimited supply of misinformation is Bob.
Okay man, start it up.
Swack.
She's there for a while or two so.
She's my little spoleo.
I can't help it.
Acting like a fool.
She upsets me.
I done lost my cool.
Swack.
Oh.
She's my little spoleo.
You were bad, how you done it?
She's my little spoleo.
Ah, slack by the coasters dear friends.
And before that some brand new titles.
A new title sequence by the El Queso All Stars.
Followed by a wonderful new collage by the Bishop.
And, uh, uh, uh.

Actually friends, I'm not at the station yet.
I'm on my way there.
I'm gonna play a bunch more of the, uh, great X Day, 5X Day material that we recorded.
And some other new things.
But, uh, I'm not there yet.
So in the meantime, I'm gonna, uh, run this new studio version of a classic subgenius song.
Off of a new album by Victoria Ganger and Revelry.
Uh, called Highly Irrevelent.
Uh, see.
RevelryChicks.com for info about, uh, uh, Highly Irrevelent.
Uh, actually that's the name of the album.
This song is The Marriage of Bob and Connie.
Oh, yeah.




And, uh, uh, in the world of mating habits, I have seen it all and more.
I see the ninety-eight year old couple lock their walkers right on this floor.
I've seen communal carnal relations nearly turn into a mob.
But for a truly unique sensation, you get to turn to Connie and Bob.
Oh, I see.

















It's the miracle of the 90s It's the talk of all the abyss
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie In the Church of Subgenius
I've seen a mating of the iguana On the rocks is what they prefer
While the sloths just like to hang around Hoping something will occur
And though the rabbit is most unsteady He is always ready once more
But when it comes to Bob and Connie There's no way of keeping score
Oh, it's the miracle of the 90s It's the talk of all the abyss
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie In the Church of Subgenius
La la la la la
Ay!
A dragonfly has balance A black widow has panache
But Bob and Connie got their hands On each other's personal stash
An anaconda has got constriction And a crocodile has her grin
But Bob and Connie are the same
They are the one true origin of sin
Oh, it's the miracle of the 90s It's the talk of all the abyss
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie In the Church of Subgenius
La la la la la Ay!
A dragonfly has balance A black widow has constriction

La la la la la Ay!
A dragonfly is happy to become Old àshe oui
Oh, what an amazing trop female
канал
Hello, hello New York Deed Garrida
so many combinations
The results are always this way
the same. So prepare to get it on in Bob and Connie's name. Oh, it's the miracle of the 90s.
It's the talk of all the obvious. It's the marriage of Bob and Connie in the Church of
Subgenius. It's the miracle of the 90s. It's the talk of all the obvious. It's the marriage of Bob
and Connie in the Church of Subgenius. It's the miracle of the 90s. So prepare to get it on in Bob and Joh mengs.
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie in the Church of Subgenius. It's the miracle of the 90s. It's
the talk of all the obvious. It's the marriage of Bob and Connie in the Church of Subgenius.
Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah.
Achoo!
And Connie
La la la la la la
And Connie
La la la la la la
And Connie
La
But somebody is at the door
and I believe it's the Reverend Ivan Stang
who's coming up a little early tonight
bearing CDs of the event.
So I'm going to go get the door
and let the Reverend in
and we're going to be spinning some CDs here soon
to take you back in time a few days
to Brushwood Folklore Center
and 5X Day
presented by the Church of the Subgenius.
This one was written for Bob.
It's number is
13 of 13
This is the
most beautiful
thing
that I've ever


ever found
Tommy, you
are
the one
I consider
the greatest
gene
in the world
Old man
cash machine
Number
13
13
But
Did y'all hear about the fact that the Earth was literally almost destroyed on June 14th?
Did y'all hear about that asteroid 2002 MN, which passed by the Earth 75,000 miles?
That's closer than the moon.
And it was going real fast.
They didn't know it had come by until three days later,
because it was coming from the direction of the sun.
And they only saw it as it was going away.
And these astronomers kind of went,
Oh, we just missed another Tunguska explosion.
It wouldn't have destroyed the planet, but it would have made cloudy days for 100 years.
It might have wiped out some species.
Could have caused a chain reaction.
We could have hoped.
After it happened, Dr. LeHume said,
Yeah, I need to improve my meteor magnet.
But the point is, it made not a ripple on the news.
I found out about it because Chas emailed me.
And he found out about it because somebody emailed him.
It was, the British astronomer said,
It would have been like a bolt out of the blue.
We wouldn't have had a hint that it was coming.
Now, you know, God damn.
The next time they laugh at you for not escaping on the escape vessels of the sex goddesses,
you can laugh.
You can laugh back at them for not even knowing that they really were almost destroyed.
And most of them don't know it.
And the ones that do,
This is like a warning direct from Bob.
It was like Bob shot a warning shot right over their heads.
Or the exes, rather.
Did a little warning shot right over their heads.
Bam! You know, could have.
You know, could have.
Are you going to wise up?
No! Don't let it happen again.
That rock goes in an orbit.
It's going to come back around.
Are they going to do it any differently in the year 8661 or whatever when it comes back around?
Hell no.
Are they going to have their nuclear weapons?
Oh, they got all the Star Wars nuclear weapons up in space.
Bob-a-woof-woof.
Where are they pointing?
Down.
Where should they point?
Out!
Friends, has anybody thought about what if the Yaku-Tees might happen again here before the exits?
Hmm?
What if all this stuff isn't a bunch of sci-fi garbage?
Well, I mean, what if they're going to do it again?
What if, what if, I mean, people don't say that about the Bible, do they?
No.
Ah, well, fuck it.
Well, one thing is for certain.
It calls for a song.
And the song that we're calling for is the song of X Day Current.
That's the one that just passed, kids.
And remember, all the money that you invested in X Day is going to be returned to you in spades.
But triple your money back.
Triple your money.
Upon death, if you die.
Of course, provided, uh, what, you said if you die.
Right.
Then you come to Bob and request your, triple your money back.
That's if you don't get eternal salvation.
The problem is how, you know, it takes a long time to determine whether you got the eternal salvation or not.
It's tricky.
Some people merely mistake eternal salvation and a drooly mouth as a cupcake for a standard of living.
Oh, that's close enough for me.
Of course, some people, that's all they, that's all they need.
But some people demand a much higher, more, more figure-ish standard.
Some people are part plant, part vegetable, part insect.
Some people are, uh, just closed off from the rest of the world.
And I find those the most interesting, don't you?
They're intriguing.
Yeah.
And we'd like to get them in the Church of the Subgenius, and we just, uh, we're not having any...
Yes, I know. Well, they're kind of distant.
Well, that's because we charge 30 bucks and they don't have it.
No, they can't come up with the green. I mean, and they are green, for crying out loud, at least a majority of them.
And some of the insects are multisexual.
They may be green, but their money is green.
And they may be multisexual, but their orifices are clean.
So let's sing about it, shall we, kids?
Let's sing!
I like to, to, to...
Oh, okay, okay, forget that song.
Oh, I like that song.
Did you like that song?
Yes, yes, by all means.
Go on!
I like to wander, I like to, I like to keep my orifices clean.
And that's all I had so far.
That's all?
No, I... Well, I actually have ten more verses, but somebody says it's like Marty Robbins' you know, like, West Coast, town of El Paso, you know, like, last five hours and shit.
Whip it out, man!
Uh, could I just maybe play the song instead? Or...
Yeah.
Okay.
I like to keep both of my hands in my eyes, I like to keep, I like...
I don't know if I like that song anymore.
That's a... I like the voice you're doing that in.
Me?
That's a new one on me.
Ew!
That, that, uh, that castrato...
Yeah, that's just what it is.
It's, it, and that's how I thought I could make at least some sort of commiseration with the vegetable people and the insects and stuff.
You're a real man to do that to yourself.
Yeah, a real man to castrate yourself. And you've gotta be a real he-man to remove your pundrages and your pundrages.
Absolutely.
Because, you know...
I heartily agree.
You have to wear them in a spiritual sense. Like, some people wear things on their sleeve, like their harness, the other people wear, like, you know, dangling or, or, for sure, gentile on their neck.
Yes.
And they have to keep, they have to keep their neck smooth. And there's all kinds of, like, um, not actual legislation, but just, like, encouragements given by the local authorities to make sure that they don't slide off.
Incentives.
Yeah, especially if you're on a bus or something and it's starting to slide off. Can you imagine?
Exactly!
I haven't been able to imagine since they gave me the blue ones.
This year at X-Day...
There were other events that deserve mention.
There were Red Guards and the Pope visited Panama.
And there was a marriage of a Marine and a maiden in the East Wing.
And there were trips and happenings and people who blew their minds.
And skydivers jumped over the wrong cliff, drowned in a lake.
Airliners crashed in Ohio.
And there was Francis Cardinal Spellman, Harold Pope, Conrad Abner, John Nance Guttman.
Clemenatia.
And there was J. Robert Oppenheimer.
And there was flower children.
LSD and marijuana.
Paper dresses and microscope.
The Hours catalog a year's living, a year's dying.
The Good Ship Lollipop sank.
And there were trips and happenings and people who blew their minds.
Hello, I am Owen Norwood.
encontra la pueda una la 겁니다
de esto.
There was about 50 to 75 glue tubes at least.
Put your nose right here.
Now.
Sniff.
Sniff again. Go ahead.
Think about the old ones who got this up.
Put themselves up a big bonfire. What do you think?
Danced in front of it.
Their shadows writhing on the walls.
Some sort of fertility ride or something.
Where you going, girl?
You want to dance with me?
Ooh, that old black magic has me in its spell.
You're an F-I-I-U-T-O-C-C-P.
I understand our neighbors would wish to turn the clock back to 1947.
The fact is, however, that most clocks move forward and not backward.
Ooh, a walking casualty that is really a confused fellow,
as many of the White House aides continue to pour out of the building like water through a sieve.
It's been a very, very, very tense afternoon here in downtown Washington, D.C.
As the evacuations continue, the Sergeant of Arms of the United States Senate has said repeatedly
that some of the blunderheads that he services in his back room have no longer the equipment with which to service themselves,
and it looks like as a democratic power that rules the world,
and keeps each one of these people out of the way,
and that we, as private citizens, now, we do and must and can and will have the power to continue continuing on,
whatever the consequences might be.
That's back to you in the corporate arm of your yesterday.
It's me, Mr. Armpit. Back to me. One more time.
Well, we've, uh, we're getting reports that the last report was not only, uh, misdocumented,
but the man on the scene there,
Bob Jarolha,
is actually a taxi driver
in an area, uh, somewhere in the Bay.
And also we ask, O Lord, in your name,
that we come closer,
to your own memories,
fresh out those answers and questions that perplex us throughout the country.
And what we should do as better?
Uh, yes, dear friends, what should we do as better?
Subdue the mind.
What must we do?
What has Bob left us to do?
What, what? We can fight. We must fight.
Fight or slack off, one or the other.
Give me food or give me slack or kill me.
Or kill-file me. Or let me go to sleep.
Or give me food.
Oh, this is so filthy.
It kills me. It makes me so sad.
I'm, I'm wasted.
And I'm smoking a little,
a little pipe.
And I got, I got, I got killed.
I got killed. I believe it was something.
It was a blue, it was like a blue oil, like,
Vishnu, man. It was like, I, I, I don't know.
I've never taken that shit before, but like,
and he said, you can kill me.
I go, oh, and so I had us.
Sadness.
It'll be all right. It really will.
Of course it'll be all right.
Stand right there.
Take the full dose. Yeah.
Let it drip down the back of your neck.
That way it absorbs into your brain a little better.
When you see dogs that way, you know you're making direct contact.
Oh, you don't know how many subgeniuses have tried.
Years, years, thousands of years.
And none of them made that kind of...
But that's because they didn't have Bob on their side.
Repeat.
The United States is under nuclear attack.
Take cover immediately in your area of fallout shelter.
Now, now, now.
There'll be plenty of time for brain eating after we conquer Earth.
Now, children, I, I want you to sit down here against the wall.
Good monkey.
Now, crouch tight up against it.
Now, listen to this.
If they're dropping an atomic bomb, it may go off any second now.
Oh, great, great.
I'll give the signal when it's all right for us to get up.
If there's an explosion, we'll wait about a minute after it's all over.
Then we'll go upstairs and take a look around.
See if it's all right for us to clean up.
This is...
Oh, smooth.
Oh, great, great.
Children, you'd better clear up the broken glass and all this debris.
Ooh, good monkey.
All in all, I'd say we've been very lucky around here.
Nothing to do now but wait for orders from the authorities and relax.
Now, now, now.
There'll be plenty of time for brain eating after we conquer Earth.
The marijuana is the bomb.
Nip it in the bud.
You have consumed enough alcohol for one evening.
It is wasteful and pointless.
Obey me and live or disobey.
And die.
You suck!
Excuse me.
I don't know either of you gentlemen,
but I can't help but noticing that you're screwing everything up!
The subject was booked under Section 601,
in danger of leading an idle, dissolute, or immoral life.
Oh, smooth.
Well, as I was saying,
I wouldn't worry nearly as much about the atom bomb if it were to kill you right out.
What scares me is that awful gas that deforms you.
Yeah.
That would be bad.
Yeah.
Mr. Ryan, would you characterize this as a first strike weapon?
Uh, that is a possibility, sir.
Uh, it is designed to approach by stealth and to shower its target with multiple independent warheads with little or no warning before impact.
Goddamn, things bring just a ton of war.
Hot dog, a worthy adversary!
Never before have so many known so little about a subject so big and so important.
The capabilities of most weapons are to be found in the hands of the enemy.
The weapons are pretty well understood,
but when it comes to atomic explosions, the guessing game starts.
All right, let's take a few minutes right now and get acquainted with an A-bomb.
Meet test A-bolt.
A submarine bomb exploded in a harbor might affect a city.
The affected area would be a poor picnic site,
but might be entered briefly or passed through quickly,
with a varying degree of risk.
Some of the falsehoods circulated about radiation effects are trivial, but upsetting.
They're beamed right at one's self-esteem.
Enough exposure to radiation will cause loss of hair.
The treatment, if you'd insist, would be symptomatic.
A toupee.
But the condition would only be temporary.
Your hair would come back.
Same color, same cowlick.
Which puts the finger squarely upon one of the major fallacies in the public attitude toward atomic bombs.
The fallacy of devoting 85% of one's worrying capacity
to an agent that constitutes only about 15% of an atomic bomb's destroying potential.
And that's unsound.
Doesn't fit.
Excuse me while I whip this out.
You ever have that feeling where you're not sure if you're awake or still dreaming?
You take the blue pill.
The story ends.
You wake up in your bed and believe whatever you believe.
You want to be.
You take the red pill.
You stay in Wonderland.
And I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes.
Slight show. Boring. Losing consciousness.
Or consciousness.
Or consciousness.
Or consciousness.
Da Bomb by DJ Epoch.
And before that, some ESO Swamp Radio from WCSB in Cleveland
with Professor Chaz Smith and Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
I just spent a bunch of time with those lads at the Starwood Festival.
Heard here in the background.
The big pagan festival.
We'll have some recordings from that next week.
The collage that we heard, the X-Day news collage, was by Soso Dada.
That was called Soso Dada's X-Day.
And the half rant you heard was by...
Yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
At 5X Day, before I caught this cold.
I have a Starwood cold.
If I sound funny, that's why.
Normally, of course, we don't sound funny.
And the very top, Saint N, did that song 13013 that was excerpted.
And we've got some more ESO music coming up.
Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba.
Da Bomb.
Let's leave things of this world behind.
And walk now down the path of Bob for this brief minute of slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
Ah, yes, dear friends, this is Reverend Ivan Stang.
Now let's look in the Book of the Subgenius, Prescripture 614.
And yea, even the banks shall topple in the end times when these preachers of Bob Dobbs shall come.
And it shall wash away the filth and the unclean seed with the new seed,
upon which the mobile homes of the subgeni shall float and be carried on high with their party equipment, chainsaws and scalpels.
Yea, lo, those doctors for Bob shall float o'er Mount Interfirst and achieve slackdomness.
Now, friends, what do these lines from the Prescriptures mean?
It doesn't make any difference what they mean.
You just better learn them and memorize them, friends, if you want Bob Dobbs to forgive you for what you did to him.
Praise Bob. Let there be slack.
Put your hand on the top of the lower.
The buddy man's got a hammer'm icons all over the land.
Dear friend, my own foundation's the same.
But I'm your animal sometimes.
Whoever you might believe to call 53 will swallow my putting впow Japan 3,000 people would see this as a kind of kickin.
Thank you for tunneling my Prianut Spain and don't ever forget my name rap to Queen Joanne there
Now they're back again.
Those freaking kids on that shit again.
Oh, man, they stay up all night and it's stupid looking Dobbs head.
I'm going for the firebomb now.
Friends, get on that spaceship and ride, ride, ride with the Sub-Z and Bob.
Ha!
Yee-haw!
The unbalancing that happens when you work with these people
makes you really question what you know reality is.
I was thinking about like if the Beatles were all like actually poultry, you know, and stuff like that.
Hey, do you have any more of those cool X-Day songs?
Oh, yeah, sure.
They sound just like the Beatles.
Yeah, do another cool X-Day song.
The Beatles that reminded me.
Oh.
I'm trying to dance to that.
I once had an X-Day, or should I say X-Day had me.
I went there to...
Then I turned blue in the cold.
I laughed and I laughed till my neck began to explode.
The frequencies louder, the nodules were pulling my toe.
Toe.
Oh, I'll never go back.
Back.
If I take crack.
I just, it's not in me tonight.
I thought it was going to be in me.
Oh, man, it was flowing.
It was flowing.
I planted the mushrooms.
Dude.
I was singing all the way here.
I can't believe you stopped.
That was really, it was flowing, dude.
Okay.
How do you like me?
Flamenco sounds?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Thousands.
Thousands of thousands of people.
Like, you know, Spanish Civil War song.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I think you're fighting a fascist.
At least with bad breath.
Thousands of needy exes.
Place your fingers on the balls and scream, I am the nexus.
Okay, I'm done with that.
Wow.
Boy, I feel lubricated.
I at least experienced.
Expunged for something.
That's the least expunged thing I've heard in quite a while.
That's really, really.
Well, you know, I could always come back to it, you know, and do it for the next 15 minutes
solid if you guys want it, you know.
You know, I'm just trying to know you guys aren't into music too much, so.
Monkey play in the jungle.
Robot work in the factory.
They will have a giant rumble.
Monkey versus robot.
Monkey versus robot.
Monkey hate technology.
Robot hate the monkey.
They will fight eternally.
Monkey versus robot.
Monkey versus robot.

Robot Monkey mates in the jungle
Robot replicated factory They both love their mother
Why must they hate each other?
Why can't we all get along?
Would that be oh so wrong?
Why can't we all love each other?
Monkey and a robot brother
Monkey vs. Robot
Monkey vs. Robot
Monkey and a robot brother
Monkey and a robot brother
Monkey and a robot brother
Monkey, Robot, M-O-N-K-E-Y
Monkey, R-O-P-R-O-B-O-T
Monkey, Robot, M-O-N-K-E-Y
Monkey, R-O-P-R-O-B-O-T
James Kochalka, superstar for Monkey vs. Robot.
From the album by the same name.
One of my very favorite songs on Tarkin Records.
James Kochalka is the same as the cartoonist James Kochalka.
And you can reach him.
Get that pencil ready.
This is him.
James Kochalka at P.O. Box 8321 Burlington, Vermont 054.
052.
That's very Devo, friends.
And speaking of Devo, there is the third of the Devo conventions or the devotional 2002.
It's coming up August 10th all day on Saturday at Princess Wee.
That would be at the Starwood Center, 712 East 185th Street.
Okay.
In Cleveland, Ohio.
Yes.
And again, that's all day, August 10th.
I think there's, I'm sure there's some kind of a charge for it.
It's great.
I was at the last two.
And they've never been able to get any of the Devos out there except the first, from the very first order, the earliest evolution.
The first ones to crawl out of the water.
Jungle Jim Mothersbaugh, the little known first.
The first drummer is there, will be there, was there last time.
He's actually a real funny guy.
And General Boy.
Yes, the progenitor and sire.
A friend and a brother.
A monkey and a robot.
When are you going to learn how to use the phones?
There's like 50 people calling right now.
No, I can't.
I'm not going to.
God, I've never seen so many lights dancing.
And I'm not going to.
Dancing in front of my eyes.
The dancing lights of the telephone.
Just trying to get them.
That's true.
Did you take the pixie acid when you were in Snorwood?
The pixie?
I'm not sure about the pixie.
I don't remember.
The pixie acid makes, gives you a real.
Did you ever pick your toes in Poughkeepsie?
Of course.
Uh huh.
Okay.
Thought so.
Why did he ask me like a psychic question like that?
He asked that.
Doesn't, isn't it obvious?
You look like the kind.
Of course I did, man.
Did you ever, did you ever buy any pie in Peekskill?
Come on.
I don't need to.
I don't, that's rather a personal question.
I don't.
Everybody's had a.
Slice or two in Peekskill, Stan.
Why do you want to know?
That muddy old Hudson River gives your glands strange ideas.
As if they could speak.
Yes, your glands have ideas of their own.
No, don't they though?
Boy, yes.
You wanted to control them.
They, they.
They do though.
Sometimes they're going to the left.
You're going to the right.
Sometimes they're going straight down the middle and you're taking the back roll.
Sometimes they're tubby.
Sometimes they're friendly.
Sometimes they're very thin, like shards of glass.
Ow.
Your glands have a life of their own.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Oh God.
One of my glands.
One more landscaping from the.
One of my glands just about came out.
Well, I'm running mine now.
Ew.
And I have a full of, what do they call it, agreement.
What's the name of those agreements?
Like a.
Yes.
A pre-lease, pre-sale lease agreement.
A shrimdendon.
Yeah, like a shrimdendon.
Yeah.
But some of it causes fuzz on your pants.








Oh, I'm going to go to the bank.
Oh.
There he is, honey.
He believes that you will put the word of God down and you will quit.
Now remember, Ephesians 6 says that the sword is the word of the spirit.
This series will take you to a new Lord and is highly recommended for you.
Order your copy now by calling 1-8-me.
That's 1-8-me.
Dot ministries dot com.

Dot ministries dot com.





Dot ministries dot com.

Dot ministries dot com.
Dot ministries dot com.

Well, you've had the better.
Here comes the worst.
You can't trust your feelings.
Yes.
Correct.
It's time for the cursed flood in your life.
Let me encourage you.
Now remember, send a check or a money order to 9090 Ministries 3-1.
Yee haw.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
It's fun out there at Brushwood.
It's a great place to be.










That collage there was by Lee Moore, but now what follows is the complete rant from 5X Day of Popes Lilith von Frau Mitch.
Friends, it's become obvious to me that political correctness, despite its reputation as a literal circle jerk,
cuts both ways, because it's clearly politically correct these days to hate Muslims.
Not that I blame anyone. I mean, after September 11th, the West has started to look at the Muslim world as it's developed in the past few decades
and have freaked out that anybody could be living in such a backwards, regressive, oppressive society.
Unlike ours, of course.
But that's easy for us to say as we live in our glass skyscraper homes.
We're throwing stones off the roof at the slopeheads and the towelheads running amok below.
And then we act outraged when they throw the stones back at us.
But, Lil, some of you are probably asking, don't you hate religion?
I mean, Islam is a religion, so if you're subgenius, surely you have to hate Islam, right?
Well, honestly, I don't particularly like Muslims.
They're mostly religious nuts.
And worse, they're competitive.
They're competitors.
But when you get down to it, aren't we all religious nuts?
I mean, the atheists are as bad as the Catholics, are as bad as the Scientologists,
are as bad as the Sikhs, are as bad as the Jews, are as bad as your nutty old grandmother
who knows in her heart that Jesus will come back any day now.
Yes, I don't particularly like Muslims, but I don't particularly hate them either.
No more than I particularly hate any religion.
I don't particularly like any religious group.
They're all concerned about one invisible monster or another, and that suits me just
fine, because I know that in the final analysis.
They're all screwed to the wall with nuclear-powered corkscrews anyway.
Anything that gives hope to people is fine to me, because it's better than having a world
full of six billion pinks with absolutely nothing to lose.
I mean, at least religion, for all of its ballyhooed, voodoo, doo-doo, and its neurosis-inspiring
fantasies, keeps some of them from going ape-rematurely and killing everybody who might have a contrary
opinion.
There is something to be said for a feared hell, even if we'll all wind up there someday,
even if Bob has installed air conditioners and set up casinos and amusement parks there,

and even if the demons are all animatronic rubber mock-ups of the pre-recorded soundtrack.
No, religion is not the enemy, although it's certainly no friend of mine either.
The real enemy where I stand, and according to the one true word among the much-off-the-cuff
bullshit of J.R. Bob Dobbs, is the God-damned conspiracy.
Amen!
Yes!
Oh, you've heard of them, I wager, sometime, in between the promises of slack, fraud,
sex hurt, alien intervention, and all that.
But from the way some of you act, I can't help but think that you've fingered the wrong
damn conspiracy!
See, it's easy to convince yourself that the conspiracy has a recognizable face, that it's
run, for instance, by the rich white men with a never-slate thirst for oil, or that it's
run by the media companies, or Hollywood, or the Jews, or Muslims, or Freemasonry, or
the Vatican, or the British Crown, or by invisible monsters trying to bring forth Armageddon,
or by fill-in-the-blank.
But no!
For the real conspiracy, what we mean by THE conspiracy, is the forces behind even those
conspiracies.
It's a conspiracy that's too dumb to realize it is a conspiracy.
And so avoids detection, even as its slimy tentacles slither into every nook and cranny
of everybody's lives!
For the conspiracy isn't made up of religions or political groups, or even of people!
The real conspiracy, when you get down to it, can be summed up in two words.
Bad wiring.
It's the conspiracy that lurks inside every single conspiracy!
It's the conspiracy that makes every hairless monkey, regardless of the influence of even
Yeti genetics, that gives those invisible monsters a shake and makes their followers
act like devolved murderous bastards!
There are noble impulses in almost every religion, but by the time that wretched, sneaky conspiracy
behavioral programming gets done with religion or any good idea, it almost invariably looks
like a bum deal to somebody.
Because the follower types then get violently zealous and make even the greatest ideas
seem like the work of idiots.
Think about it for a second.
What are the most basic programs that people run through their internal computer every
day?
Well they are EAT OR BE EATEN!
DOMINATE OR SUBMIT!
UNDERSTAND OR BE STUPID!
BE GOOD OR BE BAD!
And I don't care how enlightened any of you claim to be, if you haven't wrestled with
this basic programming, if you haven't tried to come up with alternatives to these dualities,
then you too have become both victim and pawn of the conspiracy that drives all other conspiracies.
Whether it's the conspiracy to defraud millions of their birthright, or the conspiracy to
put your sleeping roommate's hand in a bucket of warm water so he'd pee himself.
This is why I wrote back in 1992 that the ultimate conspiracy theory was that there were
over 6 BILLION conspiracies on this planet, and even that number was pitifully low because
I was only including the hairless monkeys.
And let's face it, even the most yeti-like among us is at least 50% of the world's yeti-like

monkeys.
Nothing to be ashamed of, really, but it means that you are a slave of the conspiracy
no matter what!
Unless!
Unless you go back to those dualities and add some magic mojo to that mix.
Unless you toss a monkey wrench into the monkey works, and that monkey wrench is...
SLACK.
For only then can you be a real monkey.
And slacking is the ability to disclude itself, and thus giving you a true option.
Thus some of us can indeed find slack even in the most conspiracy-drenched pursuits,
because we can slack off by NOT slacking off.
Thanks to slack, we always have an option against the conspiracy's own internalized programming.
Eat, or be eaten, or SLACK OFF!
Dominate, or suck!
Submit, or SLACK OFF!
Understand, or be stupid, or SLACK OFF!
Be good, or be bad, or SLACK OFF!
Goddammit, what will it take to get through your heads?
Every time that you find yourself wrestling with the urge to throttle someone, including yourself,
every time you find yourself stuck between two equally grim scenarios,
every time you find yourself indecisive about what you should do,
I ask you to remember the option to SLACK OFF!
Nay, I DEMAND that you remember the option to slack off!
I get on my knees and plead with you!
I beg of you to remember that you can always slack off!
I pray and I cry that you never forget that option,
because the conspiracy will never tell you that you have the option!
EVER!
Only JR Bob Dobbs will tell you that!
Only Bob has the guts to stand up to their monkey DNA robot gangster wetware ball crap
and step right in it!
And ride into the ground!
And dance upon it!
And then, and then, until there's nothing left but a mere moist spot on the ground,
and then wipe his damn feet on the labrum rug of pink boy sensibilities,
and...
What's that Bob?
I can slack off now?
Okay, end of rant everybody, thank you!
YAY!
Okay, we have a rant for you!
FOR FREE!
Thank you for watching!
SAD WOODBа
Bayoued over San Francisco Bay?
Have you heard the bellow of a Bob White calling
in the diesel in the Appalachian Mines?
The look with awe and wonder drifting way up high
where men who braved a hard new world
first stepped on the diesel in the city dock?
Do you think of them when you stroll along a rock way high?
Have you seen the mighty Peet?
Have you seen an eagle roll along Missouri's shore?
Have you felt it rage along the shore?
Is the word, why am I a reef?
From Alaska's Everglades to Maine
my heart turns out, my pulse rises fast
the might for domain.
You ask me why I love it?
I have a million Appalachian Mines
my beautiful Appalachian Mines
beneath God's
wide old fog sky.
And without quite a look
from shiny
sea to sea
Let's go to the Whisstler Freeride roadway




을εόłosั externally st Sweatlandsley eøöö oð é workshop 아etto Taiwan.
übrig tone 내mont comics I did not prawda be finished when I put this letter out.
selling part l stimulate the Erfäørewád mohn하여 despatüm hếtому havfärðing raggr blowing the sound.
Oh, yes, chopped up.
That piece there was chopped up by Fernanda Nellie Murr.
And, in fact, after the ESO sign-off coming up,
we shall hear Lee Murr actually singing,
as well as an ending piece of Loops by Heart Ignition,
if Dave remembers.
When they did the key change, I was a very young man.
It was the first time I was in Carnegie Hall.
Oh, yeah?
I beat up an elderly woman in the Bronx to get the money.
No!
And I took the Flatbush Avenue rat train,
and I smoked my way all the way there.
Oh, man!
The first person they greeted me naturally
was the seemingly defunct doorman.
Yeah.
Still standing there.
Proud of his pubis.
His neck was swollen, much like the same, you know,
the people with the pustules.
But I just passed on by.
I gave him a wink and a nod, and there it was.
That big, fat, freaking head.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah!
With the pipe coming out of the nose.
Yeah!
I lost it, you know?
Man!
I couldn't focus for a week.
Oh, my God, I would have just died right there.
And riding the trains made me incontinent.
So there it was.
I couldn't see anything or hold my bowders.
And I was, you know, dreaming about this face
in the middle of the night.
Yeah, Butterfield.
Yeah, Butterfield.
Yeah.
Yeah, Butterfield.
Yeah, Butterfield.
Yeah, Butterfield.
Yeah, Butterfield.
Butterfield, man.
Yeah, Butterfield, man.
The preceding production has been brought to you
by the Church of the Subgenius
and the pants of J.R. Bob Dobbs
and Hager Slacks.
And by Alien Smegma Pie
and Eurokotronium Minikins
and by the Nuclear Front
engaging you and your world
in mutual destruction.
And special moon pants.
Special moon pants are on sale
at every Lovelies this weekend
from 7 till 7.
Don't miss it.
The moon pants are always waiting.
For you.
Dream them.
Live with them.
And friends, those moon pants
await you at post...
You got that pencil ready, friends?
This is where to write for free information
about the Church of the Subgenius
and everything else.
That's Bob at Post Office Box 204206.
Austin.
Texas.
7-8-7-2-0.
Also heard at
www.subgenius.com
where this show is archived on MP3s.
Thanks to the great David Bauchner
and the great SensoryResearch.com.
You should check out SensoryResearch.com, friends.
And the great Prostata Contata.
And you can send things to me,
the Stang at,
got that pencil ready,
Post Office Box 181417,
Cleveland Heights, Ohio,
44118.
Praise Bob.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶


¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
There's no turning back
And you can't always get the same
And you can't always get the same
And you can't always get the same
And you can't always get the same
And you can't always get the same
And you can't always get the same
And you can't always get the same
And you can't always get the same
And you can't always get the same
When everything is never
Greetings to
the
ıyor
v인데요
know
