From the time-worn pages of the past, we have brought you...
The Self-Genius Power of Swarming!
Come, my son, my little habit. You at least may escape this awful curse.
We must flee for our lives, away from these evil powers, to the sea.
There you'll be safe, my son. There you'll be safe.
Yeah, you're right, Dad, but a previous engagement forces me not to attend.
We, the left, should rehabilitate this. I know it doesn't sound very postmodern or cynical.
This idea that there are out there quite ordinary guys, nothing special, but who all of a sudden, as if in a miracle, do something wonderful.
The doorstep of a new millennium.
Our obligation is to...
Listen to this, I put a little time in on this.
And at the same time, restore its creative power.
To reinvigorate our society...
And, uh...
Bring about a, uh, rebirth of, uh, democracy, uh...
Any questions?
Nice. Less is more.
When the riots and civil unrest went down about four years ago, you promised us federal funding to rebuild our community.
What happened?
No one's on it!
There's no one.
No one's on it.
No one's on it.
No one's on it.

No one's on it.
No one's on it.
No one's on it.
Well, what happened was that, uh, we all knew that was gonna be big news for a while, so we all came down here, Bush, Clinton, Wilson, all of us.
We got our pictures taken, told you what you wanted to hear, and we, we pretty much forgot about it.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
Oh, my God!
My God!
My God!
But here's the bigger issue.
It doesn't matter.
how you say it. What matters is whether you believe it.
Whereas
we're doing something constructive
for the truth.
I think I have some experience.
So I think
I can share my experience
and I can
help or I can
take care of others'
heart or I can cure
others' worries.
That's why
conventional one-to-one relationships
between men and women will not be possible.
Well,
that may be so.
But I agree
with Dr. Latour that we should
be concerned with the
instinct for survival.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about what
it is and then I will get
into a bit of why we're looking at this
and what this has to do with anything.
Many are suffering from schizophrenia
Plenty are destroyed mentally, really,
physically, mentally undALIли


mean us.
This is fun.
We will do our best sharing
of truth to help


In one of our
Philo drive-in theater
and the Michael Pepe
trailer demolition.
We had all sorts of stuff
in that banner year
on the floor.
Where the hell did you do that?
Oh, my eyeball
is too long.
Oh, now you've done it. Don't rub them.
Don't touch them.
You're right.
They'll fall out again.
It really hurts.
Oh, don't touch Scott Bates.
Another eyeball, and I've lost an eyeball.
I don't know what it takes.
If I have to jump in and explain
what I'm about to play here.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang,
and you're listening to Hour of Slack
number 1729.
Last Thursday,
May 30th,
in this time zone,
the subgenius
documentary movie
by Sandy Boone opened
the San Francisco
International Film Festival.
And our
San Francisco buddies
who were in the movie, and some who
weren't, but
probably would have been if the movie was
longer, were at
the showing and did a Q&A
afterwards.
Then they were on the Puzzling Evidence
show. So what I'm going to be
playing on and off tonight,
interspersed with other things, is
those guys, the Puzzling
Evidence show, Dr.
Paul and Lies, talking about
the movie, and other
things. They go off on some
tangents. This is
edited, though. And in
between, there's some
media barrages, as we might call
them, by a new
contributor, Reverend Silas
Jansen. So
for about half an hour, it'll be
Puzzling Evidence,
reaction to the movie,
the first time any of them
have saw it. Right, Princess Wee?
Right. Who's here with me.
And they liked
it. Praise Bob. Praise
Bob. I was in a little anxiety
about that, and so was the director,
Sandy Boone, because there's not a pickier
audience for a
subgenius movie than
St. Paul Mavridis
of Lies and
Doug Wellman of Puzzling Evidence
and Dr. Howell.
But they,
like everyone else so far,
thought it was really good.
And of course, we all wish there were
certain things that could have been included,
but, you know, overall,
just, everybody's
thrilled, and so
let's return to that
Puzzling Evidence show
that was broadcast just last
Friday morning on
KPFA Berkeley.
And the Wee, Wee,
Wee, Wee, Wee,
praise Princess Wee,
hours.
It is about
what you think it's about.
You were right, I should have said,
now it's worse than before.
In fact, in all the ways that Bob's death resonates
with the members of
his generation.
They got him in his generation.
Oh, you stop bragging.
Hip.
So how do you feel about
that, now that it's all
out in the open, now that people are talking
about it after all these years?
Yeah, they gotta get used to it.
It's all over and done with. That's a long time.
That Bob stuff?
Yeah.
All of us
long-haired Bob people of those days.
On the Bob Killin' Ground.
I didn't have long hair, but those other guys did.
Yes, some of us
even had hair.
Yes, it was a hair restore.
It was a hairy time
when Bob got blasted on stage.
Yeah, but sometimes...
Sometimes you get up
and you just don't feel like Killin' Bob.
Ugh!
No, he's hard to kill. He's like weeds.
Even when he's whack.
But, I've seen it happen
more than once.
A Bob Whacker?
Yeah, there's usually one in every crowd.
A Bob Whacker. It has to be done right.
With the right, uh,
weapons.
I want to say I'm very excited about the fact
that the Reverend David Apocalypse
was one of the first people to speak
in the film.
Yes, did you notice that?
It was David Apocalypse's voice.
Oh, yeah.
It's hard to...
It was David Apocalypse's voice.
Hard to miss it.
No, I did not.
Yes, from X-Day.
Yeah, telling people to finish up
before the...
before the ship was showing up.
Yeah, that's pretty funny.
The one about, you finish your masturbation.
Oh, okay.
That's David Apocalypse.
That was funny, yeah.
He was there, and my girlfriend freaked out
and wanted me to take her away
from the David Apocalypse zone.
That happens.
He was dressed up as a clown.
He was honking a horn, and she was terrified.
And so he went down the road,
but then he appeared further down the road
honking his horn.
He.
And then, later on, he came up very wryly
and made the peace symbol.
You know, he saw I was ducking out on his show.
It wasn't my idea.
Him with a bullhorn is just peas and carrots, boys.
Oh, peas was there, but not carrots.
She stayed home.
But Reverend Peas came several times.
It turned out to be quite a nice film.
After all the abuse we had been pelting him with,
he's a good guy.
He can jump right up on stage, join the band.
He improvises, thinks on his feet.
Meanwhile, Carrots, back at home,
keeps the home fires burning.
Forget who behind him.
Denying what's brown on the ground
All fighting for be
They were just literally
They were just actually

Look at her.
She actually outsourced the uniform from Esperanto
Overs�� Ryan .
I think you know what they're doing here
you know, that lots of queer times

It's not what you're doing.
Or the politians even love.
Not in the other world,
a lot of the time.
Our public has been.
voice in his voice his echoing ghostly voice was added to the cacophony of oh well cacophony was
vaguely represented i might have been in there for like a frame you know i have to so you were
framed finney i i recognized my shirt because i had like a red white and blue tie-dye shirt
the lesser people yeah taking away from my screen time but other than that
yeah
sterno and there's somebody else it was nice seeing everybody in there yeah explaining these
religious concepts
to a church yeah they should have had uh more
you know more that was the whole thing was this was a um
because that was when they i kind of relaxed from a lot of that one
back in the summer others it was all about haiti in the world i thought no it's not i hate let go
i was so excited to learn about the yeti tonight someone fed us that question so of course we had
give them the razamataz a five dollar answer they were talking about trump being kind of subjunius
and i wanted to make the joke well he is unfortunate yeti is our president and yet he
is our president that was one i made years ago on the puzzling evidence show because ronald wilson regan ronald wilson finance show because ronald wilson reagan the yeti هو proceeding i need to be there ever again
the 45th president of the United States,
had the sagittal crest,
which distinguishes not only the gorilla,
but the adult yeti.
And then after a pause, I would say,
yet he's our president.
Get it? Snark, snark, yak, yak, yak, yak.
If you look up, if you Google Bigfoot and Trump,
there's a side-by-side comparison of the Bigfoot film
and Trump walking away.
They do walk similarly.
And, of course, Bill Maher, a long time ago,
suggested that Trump's father was not Fred Trump,
but actually a red-haired baboon.
And he put both pictures up.
And Trump sued him,
saying that there was no evidence
that Fred Trump was a red-haired baboon.
I mean, Trump actually just took it totally seriously
and sued Bill Maher.
Did he really sue him, or did he threaten him?
He sued him, and it went nowhere.
It was thrown out of court.
But it is constantly brought back by Bill Maher,
who also came up with an interesting,
interesting nickname for Trump.
I don't know if you were following it.
Trump?
No.
Broca Hauntus.
It turns out that Trump's financial empire
is all in debt and in arrears and so forth.
Yeah, the brilliant businessman.
I'm not always thrilled by Bill Maher.
I know you're not.
But I'm going to give him that one.
I will...
Well, but he was attacked for, you know,
he's trespassing on Native Americans and blah, blah, blah.
But still, I thought it was funny
because Trump's...
He flings that around all the time.
Pocahontas said it.
So Trump now being called Broca Hauntus,
maybe he won't do that anymore to Elizabeth Warren.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm missing and killed a fifth earlier this month.
Ten inches of Iraqi civilians dropped on Houston today.
A group linked to Al-Qaeda in Iraq says it is kidding.
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the same group
says the U.S. military says the White House says PR News.
Isn't over yet.
On Wall Street, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
The Supreme Court has refused to say this is PR.
The justices say plans pension pilots,
public pension plans, PR sports.
Pensions pay pilots profitable pension pensions push pilots.
Pension pension plan pension pilots pension plans PRs.
For the first time in more than 20 years,
whales have won a vote calling for resumption of PR News in Washington.
What they should do is...
Have Quentin Tarantino do a Star Trek movie.
And they were going to, but then the Star Trek fans were outraged
and wrote a million letters saying,
no, please don't let him do a Star Trek movie.
So is the Subgenius movie going to come out on DVD?
They don't have a distributor.
And her next stop is Melbourne, Australia.
I expect it will eventually be distributed
and it will be probably...
Probably, I imagine, on cable TV.
That's what I'm thinking.
I'm thinking, too, it'll be on Netflix one late, you know, 3 in the morning.
I actually learned a lot about the church that I didn't know.
So it's good for people.
Yes, it was quite informative.
Yeah, yeah.
I never knew about the whole Papa Joe Mama controversy.
Oh, well, that guy's a walking controversy, I gotta tell you.
I gasped.
I was so shocked at that behavior.
We used to go over and be on his show
at KCSU.
With the Columbine thing?
With the radio show?
The Papa Joe Mama Association of the Church of the Subgenius
with the so-called Trenchcoat Mafia
of Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold
who were themselves influenced by the Matrix series
where they wear trench coats and kill a million people.
I was out walking my dogs one morning
and listening to NPR, as you do,
and then I heard that call.
And it's...
Do you know it was Kurt?
It took me a moment.
As soon as he said the word subgenius,
I realized it was Kurt faking a voice.
Yeah, you can tell his voice.
And I was shocked as he went on and on and on.
I went, oh, my God.
And then immediately the news about the Boston thing happened.
Well, they were banned in Boston,
but then they got an offer from the local Baptist church.
Although they couldn't enter the church,
they performed the whole show on the steps of the church
and people drove up and showed their car height,
but they didn't get to see the church.
And they were able to get in the car

Yeah, pretty wonderful.
Yep, that makes a great story.
At the original X-Day,
he seemed to be almost dressed up as a Nazi,
but he was a Russian.
He was dressed up.
He has his own SS uniform.
Mr. Von Kirsteiner is a very conflicted person.
He has a lot of Nazi uniforms.
So enough to where we were able to staff a whole...
Submarine full of Nazis.
Incorrectly Nazi.
There's a Nazi crew on it somewhere.
They're being catching the Nazis.
I'll never forget that cruise.
I thought that the film covered the dark side of the church,
but I think it did a very good objective job of that, too.
There's some controversial things.
Well, it shows nobody tried to do that,
but it does creep in when you get a lot of creeps in the church.
But they didn't name names for the most part.
They didn't name the names and rake them up.
No, we don't want more lawsuits.
No, no.
So, um...
Oh, sure we do.
Probably as tears.
You don't have to pay.
I don't have to pay.
It'll be those guys that made all the money of the movie that'll pay.
The thing is, all it takes is for one crazy to commit a big crime and call himself a subgenius.
You see, then everybody will be digging it out and spinning it.
Nobody will care because you know what the thing, the angled end will be?
Look how old those guys are.
Compared to other churches, we've been amazingly scandal free, I think.
Yeah.
Compared to the small churches.
Yeah, nobody tried to shoot Bob early.
Well, I mean, yeah, that's true.
But they shot him many times afterwards in imitation of the original location.
I like that Bob came out of the limo first before the little poor beat up Bob had.
That horrible dummy that looks worse every year.
It's often dragged around.
So this year you'll have to watch the movie again and again.
Probably it will be shown.
It will be shown at X Day.
Oh, good.
Yeah, subgenius did something.
They just think.
They were alive during Crosby, Stills and Nash.
That's how old they are.
And people were booing on Mr. Bush, on the former president.
They were booing him at the.
And the Reagan, too.
They were booing Bush in the clip.
That was the moment where he's standing in the rubble and they're booing.
And then Bush, you know, thinks fast.
And he pretends that the booing is for the terrorists.
And he takes control of it.
And he takes control of the crowd.
But they were originally booing him.
He did a pretty clever thing there.
He deflected the boos and got them on his side.
Well, we'll see.
We'll see if they recut the film and hopefully leave me out.
Well, maybe they'll keep you in but add weird soundtrack and words that you never made.
That was something I really enjoyed in this movie was she did.
Her editor, I'm sure it wasn't Sandy herself.
Because it would take somebody who plays with this stuff to know it.
But threw in little sound effects perfectly placed.
Yes, I saw them.
The little, little.
Oh, Philo dropping his pencil in the original whatever it is moving.
Just little things like that.
Really add.
Really make it seem like.
It's like one of those movies that you'd almost see something new every time you watch it.
Yeah.
Especially my stuff.
Yeah.
Well, you came off pretty well.
Also, Lies, I thought, had some real good moments.
And Onan, too, was very good.
Yeah, Onan's always good.
I like the parts about how you found each other.
And, you know, like you were just, you found a tape and you played it on air.
And then they heard you and say, why are our voices on air?
And who is this guy?
And they even showed Bob Nelson.
Yeah, that was nice.
Because without Bob Nelson, there's no over the edge and no puzzle.
How did you get involved?
Well, I, it's so long ago.
Oh, how did Hal get on the show?
How did Hal get involved with some genius?
Oh, I worked at Ripoff Press at the same time that Paul did.
And when they sent that pamphlet and read Fred Todd's.
And they threw it in the trash.
I was there.
I was also excited to find out that Paul always had that beard.
Well, not necessarily always.
Not when I first knew him.
But he has had it for a long time.
He used to have long hair, you know.
He looked like a little mushroom.
He looked like a tree from the back.
Actually, he looked like one of the percussion guys in Weather Report.
There was a guy who looked, a Puerto Rican guy who looked just like Paul.
Because he had giant hair.
Really, I was envious of his giant 60s hair.
And then one day, we were on Market Street, Nora and myself, and for further information, another couple.
And we're trapped in the building by somebody who was on acid shooting up and down Market Street.
He called himself Chief Cherokee.
And Nora turned to Paul and said, your hair looks so 60s.
You should cut it off.
And to my shock, Paul said, no.
And I said, yes.
And then Nora gave him his haircut, his first haircut in many years.
Oh, she did that, eh?
Yeah.
Well, you know, like Samson, his strength.
Exactly, yeah.
And he just fell over and he never did art again.
But here's the really scary part.
Researchers have recently rediscovered a number of documents translated last century,
buried in incomprehensible terms until modern knowledge caught up with former knowledge and was able to recognize it.
Because unconsciously, instinctively, they seek freedom.
What we must do is make them conscious.
Look, you want freedom anyway.
Let's be serious.
Let's sit down.
Let's plan it.
Let's wait protracted war.
And let's turn the system and walk on to liberation.
It's as simple as that.
What do you want?
Statement of purpose?
Should I email you?
Should I put this on your action item list?
You decide your own level of involvement.
I will.
I want to know certain things first.
The first rule of Project Mayhem.
Shut up.
I want to know what you're thinking.
Fuck what you know.
You need to forget about what you know.
That's your problem.
Forget about what you think you know about life, about friendship, and especially...
You wouldn't allow me to feel empty.
You wouldn't allow me to feel like I'm not a part of this world, like I'm not a part of this life.
So did you feel alienated at some point in your life?
Yeah, I did. I did.
I felt very alienated.
I felt like I just, like everybody else was a part of something and I just wasn't.
And that may be where a new being is created, if you will.
A new experience within the physical realm.
And some of you might just be having the sense of who am I?
What am I?
What the heck is going on?
Isn't there a bong to be seen in that movie somewhere?
You mean, ripping around a bong?
Oh, the bong in the film.
Maybe not.
No, you're right.
There was a brief flash of a bong.
It's funny.
The audience did laugh, as they always do.
I could hear Ken Kniezel, one of the Smoke Pot guys, laughing.
Yeah, that was great.
He came just to laugh.
Good for him.
Movies need laughs, too.
Yeah.
I think Sandy was relaxing when she found the audience was, you know, on the side of the movie and worth laughing at all the right parts.
Was she nervous?
She was nervous.
She was nervous about the whole thing.
If she wasn't nervous, she certainly wouldn't sit in the audience and see the same damn movie again, which she's seen hundreds and hundreds of times.
But it's new with an audience, with people reacting to it.
Well, I'm glad she was pleased, because she did a lot of work and that was, you know.
She did a good show.
Yeah.
And kudos to her editor.
Yeah.
Yeah, lots of good editing there.
I wonder who that was who edited it.
Well, they had a lot to live up to with the whole Arise thing and stuff, so it's, you know, the gauntlet had been thrown many years ago.
They used some footage from Arise.
I saw, I recognized.
They used all sorts of footage.
Yeah, they had some good shots from various things.
Hey, wait, I'll do some business.
I'll do some business.
I'll do some business.
I'll do some business.
I'll do some business.
I'll do some business.
Can you telephone streaming?
Thirty-five years and I've learned to be content.
I just deal with the meat that's in here.
I just lay back and relax and keep my mind together.
Because I now believe that I'm the one free.
The freest man in the world.
The rest of the world is locked up.
They are locked up.
I had to realize that myself.
I had to realize that I am now my higher self.
I am now all I need to manifest.
I am now all I need to be the person that I'm supposed to be.
Synchronic events are coming in life, but the common people are trained not to see them.
After many years of formal education,
and social programming,
most adults have lost their intuition and childhood innocence,
even with constant mental noises in the head.
Many people go through daily events on automatic pilot,
just like sleepwalking in daydreams.
When witnessing a striking synchronic instance,
people are unable to fathom it with the life they have.
They are not logical mind.
So they simply shrug it off as chance event or random coincidence.
Moving on with other businesses.
The way that we can start to learn how to manipulate our own reality
and to break out of this is by working with our own personal dream state.
Now to sleep.
Some people go right to sleep, others take longer.
Because David has regular sleeping habits,
he usually drops off very quickly.
I think pull the wool over your own eyes is extremely important.
We have all these weird delusions of our own,
but we don't have the conspiracies delusions.
We don't believe in Alex Jones, but we believe in Yetis and so on.
So it was pretty comprehensive.
And I was very relieved that it wasn't what I thought it would be,
which was something which stipulated that it all happened long ago
and is over with in the 80s.
And now everybody's old and nodding by the fire.
I think backwards and I do it for fun.
They say a godzillion is the highest number there is.
There's some movie on that.
A godzillion dollars?
I'll take that.

Yes, dear friends.
That was some fun talk there from the subgeniuses of Puzzling Evidence Show.
I will tell you that the editor of the movie they were talking about,
the subgenius movie, which is called J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
directed by Sandy Boone,
the editor was Lauren Sanders.
And they were right to be bragging her up because it's really incredible editing.
And I don't know who the lady was that was guesting on the show that particular night,
but I think I know who this one is.
Hello?
Dave!
All of us knew.
Oh, what a relief.
We hoped it was Dave.
I know. I feel so relieved myself right now.
I just collapsed on the floor.
I couldn't believe what I just saw.
Did you?
I thought it was great myself.
I enjoyed it.
Well, I don't know how you mean qualitatively,
but damn sure well could almost get killed by such an entity.
T.
Man, I'm still shaking in my boots.
I'm not even wearing underpants right now.
I'm glad you're okay, Dave.
God.
Oh, he's not talking.
I'm glad I'm okay, too.
He's not talking about the subgenius movie.
I thought that was what he was talking about there.
That's what I was talking about.
The subgenius movie.
Why do you think I mentioned taking off my underpants?
Okay.
Okay.
You said that would sell, baby.
Man.
No, not you, Dave.
There was some...
Okay, you could have We Read it,
and it would make it sound much more like,
come and see the movie of the year.
Well, yeah.
Anything that Princess We reads sounds We Read.
And that's what everybody wants.
Yeah, you want to read it a couple times.
We read this.
You want a We Read, and we would...
Her musical voice from outer space.
Like the language castrati we have living near the river
down by the old middle stream.
You have castrati living down by the river?
They have their singing practices every Tuesday night,
and I guess there's some kind of muffin banquet.
After dinner, they get some of the local ministers and priests
and so forth of the various churches and religious entities,
and the old ladies go down and cook up goulash in the basement
without any shoes on.
Wow.
Castrati.
These are people who voluntarily got themselves castrated.
Was that so that they could sing,
or just so they could concentrate?
Or what?
No, it was for singing,
because for many years,
I guess it was one of the best choirs in the tri-state area,
if there is such a place,
but I guess there were plenty of them way back when.
And so that's how they got their name and their reputation.
Your father sang with...
It was a bloody mess in the first three years,
because they used the oatmeal and rubber band method.
Ouch.
Yeah, that's what I say, too.
Why not something nice like that?

Like some oatmeal cream soap and a bag of whiskey or something.
Castrati.
Castrati.
There's one in the background.
You think that's just some soprano.
Oh, Dave can hear it.
It's not a soprano.
It's a high tenor who's been double...
Yeah, actually, that's...
He was a sumac.
That's our good friend Nenslow
after he joined the castrati and became a singer.
Well, he did...
He did...
He did have a sex change operation,
but it wasn't necessarily a change.
It was kind of just an adjustment.
Princess Wee is laughing at the idea of Nenslow singing this background music there,
because she knows Nenslow,
and it's as inappropriate as it could possibly be.
Well, he's probably got a big hairy face, right?
Yeah.
Well, he could...
I mean, it would work just as well if we had said,
Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
except you're on the phone,
so obviously you can't be singing and recording at the same time.
Yeah, and when I'm on the phone,
how am I going to have a big hairy face at the same time as that?
Right.
I mean, all the Stanford professors and all the upset military men
couldn't put old Trumpty Trumpty back together again.
Trumpty Trumpty sat on the wall.
Trumpty Trumpty had his colon bag fall.
Trumpty Trumpty wasn't Trumpty, was he?
That's so unfair.
To pick on the president.
I know.
Why do you hate our freedoms, Dave?
How dare you pick on him?
That hurts his feelings.
That hurts the feelings of all the snowflakes that love the president
when you mock him like that.
That's just...
That's stretching.
He's there, I said,
why do you keep picking on him?
I said, well, how am I picking on him?
He's a millionaire, and I'm a flatulent fool, you know?
It's...
Well, why not both?
Anyway...
Well, I'm sure he's flatulent,
but I can't even imagine him releasing any sort of onerous gas
except for that that comes out of his mouth.
They were bad-mouthing the president on that San Francisco show that we were playing.
Oh.
I removed some of it because it was so San Francisco.
You know, I...
Brita.
They don't know how that stuff plays in the Midwest here.
I mean, we're cool.
We're open-minded and everything, but...
I mean, yeah.
Jeez.
You know, some of the...
Some of the...
fruit and nut stuff that California 40-cakes are into.
I just don't know.
Anyway, they love...
They saw the movie last night, Dave.
Or Thursday night.
They...
The movie...
The subgenius movie that you're not in.
Oh, I thought you meant the new Godzilla.
I'm sorry.
Well...
Actually, I'm sure a lot more people went to see that, but...
In San Francisco, they had a nice sellout crowd
the first night of the San Francisco International Film Festival.
The movie was extremely well received, as I figured it would.
The director, Sandy, was a little worried about that for some reason,
because she figured they'd be the pickiest audience, and they were.
And that's why they loved it the most.
So, that was a big relief for me and her,
just because I've been saying it was good to so many people.
I don't want to look bad.
You know, I have an ego, a little bit.
A tiny, tiny little bit of one.
Right.
The smallest one that you could still call.
Just a slender sliver of an ego.
I'm sitting at the edge of the bed on the toes of the irogan.
Yeah.
Oh, look at him go.
He can run just like anyone.
Leggo my ego.
So...
So, yeah.
Yeah.
It was a successful...
One more successful showing,
and we're that much closer to some decent distribution
than we are to the show.


I'll have a distributor picking it up
so that I can finally get a copy myself
and start playing clips from it on the show.
I actually could pull some from the rough cut.
I do have access to that, but I've...
You know, we've sworn not to dilute it, you see,
until it's...
Everybody can see it.
Because it's actually pretty good,
even without you in it,
even without Princess Wee.
Even without you?
Actually, you're probably glimpsed in it,
you know, in a crowd scene,
in the back of your head or something.
And Princess Wee is in it right at the beginning,
holding a recorder at an X-Day gathering,
waiting for the saucers, and...
laughing at my humiliation.
Was that the time she stabbed him, Dennis?
It was every time.
That happened every time.
Oh.
Hey, we went to the...
I've been getting an onion snail mail,
they used to call it.
I don't know when, but of course I...
Snail mail. They still call it that.
The real old people.
Really, really old people call it that.
Yeah, like me.
Onion skin.
Yeah.
Nobody else even knows what it is.
You know, G5 is not a very good idea
when you look at it all the way,
if you like to consider technology.
What, G5? You mean the...
What?
The new...
Yeah, the Chinese are going to change the internet
into G5 instead of G4.
Gee whiz, I don't care.
Anyway, it'll all still work for a while,
and when it doesn't,
praise Bob.
I've got goats.
I've got goats.
Well, my brother has goats,
and I can go live off the goats.
You're going to have plenty of cheese
for a good long time.
That's... It's good for your health.
Suckle from them.
Let them sleep on top of me,
keeping me warm.
Just so long as you don't try and barbecue.
Well, no, that's the whole idea.
You know, after...
I mean, if you really depend on the goats,
sooner or later, you're going to have to barbecue them.
I've heard they're good.
Anyway, Dave, we...
Since we're still in Cleveland somehow...
Yes?
And they're still doing the Hessler Street Fair.
We went to it.
It may be the last one.
It's possible.
It was the 50th one.
Yes.
There have been 50 of them.
Well, it's going to be the last one for a long time, yeah.
Well, they're getting kind of burned out,
and the hospital is...
And the gentrification...
The gentrification has taken over the whole neighborhood,
and you just can't park there.
But we didn't have any trouble,
and we went in and we had...
We partied.
We saw several of the old Cleveland hippies that we know,
and they all know Princess Wee.
She's like a famous Cleveland hippie elder now.
I remember when she was just a hanger-on, like me.
And, you know, now she's a co-director of Starwood.
And that's what I really wanted to talk about was
not only is the Hessler Street Fair cool,
but it's over with for a while.
Starwood's still going on.
And, in fact, it starts July 9th or 10th or something,
right after the world ends.
So that may be a little awkward,
but we'll make sure it happens anyway on one of our saucers.
But, yes, Starwood's going to be really excellent this year.
Furman Supreme, the President of the United States,
is going to be at Starwood hanging out, doing workshops,
ranting, and just stumbling around with his megaphone, being funny.
And I've never met him.
I've talked to him on the phone a little bit.
I thought you had that thing going with his ex-wife.
No.
That was both of our ex-wives.
We're both the same.
Forget it. It's complicated.
You wouldn't understand.
It's one of those poly-mono things.
I didn't hear any of that, by the way.
Right, right.
Well, you were intended to stay out of the loop
while they were barbecuing the goats, you know what I mean?
I usually am.
Anyway, yeah, Furman Supreme's going to be there.
And our buddy John Shirley, the science fiction writer,
who has written some of the most bizarre and disturbing horror
and science fiction, both,
and some pretty strange fantasy,
and a whole lot of kids' cartoons, apparently.
That's how he paid off his alimony of all those marriages.
And he's a rock star.
So John Shirley's going to be there.
Yes, he wants to make sure that everyone has a pony.
No, that's Furman Supreme.
Furman Supreme has a pony for everybody.
I don't want a pony.
Dave, you can have my pony.
I don't like ponies.
I don't want a pony either.
I was hoping for a huge, a bushel full of food.
Yeah.
And you are right.
It is beginning on July 9th.
July 14th.
See, I did the math.
Yes, you did the math.
Because everybody will be dead after X-Day,
and they'll only have two days to resurrect and go to Starwood.
Take their shirts off and go to Starwood.
They usually keep their shirts on at X-Day, to tell the truth.
I thought we were having Starwood on your saucer.
Sure.
Whichever.
And mine.
Yeah, whichever.
Our saucer will just beam the whole campground up with Syria.
Yeah.
I don't know how deep it goes.
That's going to be tricky.
Because Old Sequa's lair is there.
And for all we know, that goes to McElligot's Pond,
which is connected to the ocean at the center of the earth,
which is full of dinosaurs.
So, you know, I've got to beam all of that stuff up
just to have that one southern Ohio campground.
That's a lot of people.
And have those two hippie festivals.
Deep-beaming.
Well, the one.
The one.
And then you've got to wear them stupid big ears like Spock
to show that you're really hip to what's really going on.
I hate when hipsters do that, you know.
They ruin every movement, every social movement.
They just, they wipe their rectum with it and then throw it on the floor.
Oh, those big ears are cute.
I think those big Spock ears are cute.
Those big ears are fetching.
I really do.
I think they look really nice, especially on aging gilf hippie ladies.
They don't look so good on fae young men,
but I'm kind of old-fashioned that way.
So anyway, yeah, people who come to Agstay can then,
after the world ends, they can go straight over to Starwood.
Subgeniuses get a better deal than anybody else.
Isn't that weird?
The one group that probably believes the least in the kinds of things
that are taught at all those many varied workshops at Starwood,
those are the people who get in the cheapest,
thanks to Bob and the path of least resistance.
And the fact that the co-directors are also, you know,
on the board of directors of the Subgenius Foundation.
Yes, we're all married.
Yeah, we're all married too.
See, the way I see it, I listen to the music you're playing,
I think of Dick Dale up on stage and a bunch of like dwarves,
those tiny but kind of cute dwarves all dancing around to Miserloo.
I think that's a beautiful statement.
No, you're thinking of the amino acids.
They play this old song, Miserloo.
Miserloo.
So do the lethargic acids too, but they were too elemental and 25-ish, you know?
Well, and the amino acids played the whole thing in about one minute,
real fast and loud, punk, surf punk style.
I remember them doing that.
That was the overall phrase, and then they were done.
So I don't know about you, but Princess Wee and me and Dr. Howell
are all going to be partying in Southern Ohio.
And then the Devo-tional, the Devo fans, that's in July too.
Yeah.
And we're thinking we'll still be in Ohio then.
Yeah.
So I'll get to go to see the Devo-tional and meet the Devo's.
In this case, the Devo that's going to be there is Bob, Bob II, Bob Motherspa.
Mark's brother.
Yeah.
And Amy's brother and what's his name's cousin?
Al.
Al.
Al's cousin, yeah.
We've been playing songs, Dave.
I don't know if you've been hearing them.
We've been playing a lot of stuff by Al Motherspa's band, Massive Hot Dog Recall.
This is where I'd cut to one if I had one.
Yeah.
This sounds like quite an embellishment, a wonderful name.
And I certainly would have called attention to it had I apparently did not hear it or
did not know that it was a big smelly hot dog thing that you had.
It's hard to miss that band, Massive Hot Dog Recall with Al Motherspa.
It's hard to miss because it's the only rock band I know of that uses a trombone as the
main solo instrument.
Al Motherspa, a cousin to the Devo's, I think, plays trombone and it's insane.
It's completely nuts, but very well done.
It sounds great.
It's great.
Yeah.
It sounds real great.
I must tell you that in my languishings in the area here with the one guy that's been
helping me record some stuff and he's been also recording some, he performs the same function.
He's a trombone player.
He's a regular rock and roll musician.
Yeah.
But then he whips out that old trombone and it is a very weird experience to have your
tromboners.
Yeah.
Not many bands have tromboners.
The Swingin' Love Corpses did.
Especially if you're not playing like Ska beat from 1994 or something.
You know what I mean?
Well, Colonel Sphinx Drummond did.
He played Ska, trombone, and Swingin' Love Corpses in the 90s.
Sure did.
But that's what I said.
That was in the 1990s.
This is now, baby man.
This is the time.
This is now, man.
Yeah, it is now.
Well, there it is.
Isn't that great?
Woo, now.
Let's live in the now.
Whoop-de-doo.
What's on TV in the now?
What's going to be on in 10 minutes in the now?
More to the point.
There'll be a clip from Zingakaroo Gardens where Masura lives in the now.
















And the kids all start cheering when they realize that Masura's going to make it and not be trapped by the evil Masura trappers.
Dave, I get the impression that you kind of are anxious to see this new Godzilla movie.
No, I'm more anxious to see Iron Sky again.
Oh, it's on Netflix right now.
Or is that Amazon?
It's on one of those.
Anyway, you saw Iron Sky?
Yeah.
That's the one with Sarah Palin as the president of the United States.
And she meets Hitler riding a Tyrannosaurus at the Hollywood Theater.

And she's riding a hollow Earth at the end.
Yeah, well.
Or the beginning of the next one.
The closeness to, you know, like what's really going on, man, that we don't get to know about.
Did they tell us if they knew that Sarah Palin was riding a Tyrannosaurus in a hollow Earth?
They did tell us.
It's in that movie.
Oh.
Okay.
You must not have been paying attention, Dave.
I mean, anything they show in the movies is a hint.
Oh.
Of what they're about to do in real life.
Right.
Yeah.
You should have figured that out yourself.
It's obvious.
It's self-evident, practically.
I know.
I was being such a crybaby there.
I thought the Civil War was going to break out again between the East and the West.
That's really going to be something to see.
It's going to be a lot different than the old, you know.
No.
It's going to be the Civil War between the stupid people and the smart people.
Where are you going to find enough smart people to have a war?
That's it.
That's the problem.
Well, that's the problem.
But because they're smart, they're worth like 20 or 30 stupid people in terms of the damage
they can do once they put their mind to it.
Most of them are just, you know, slacking off because they're the smart ones.
They're not getting all agitated about everything.
They're enjoying life.
They're laying back and enjoying life like Bob.
The Uncivil War.
It smells like a barbecue right now.
I can feel it.
Is this Mark Mothersbrother right now wearing a brassiere?
No, this is some really old, it's from a collection called Exotic Lounge.
And this track is titled Hana Maui.
But I don't know who did it.
Oh, I love the early 1960s Hawaiian music.
The atmospheres they used to put in the elevators.
And it's just, it's just so good.
Oh, man.
Those were the days, I'm telling you, especially when I had enough time to really, you know,
finish my experiments.
Long before I was stopped by the state.
Yeah, and the AMA and the Anti-Vivisectionist League and PETA.
And every...
Every...
Basically, the UN, I think, stepped in to prevent your experiments from going any further.
Well, wait a second, and they can't touch me because I don't live in the United States
anymore.
I'm now officially a Canadian citizen of the People's Republic of...
What the hell's the name of that place?
Oh, you're just living in Ashtabula, but you're really a Canadian citizen.
That's right.
I live in Canada.
I live in Canada, and I have for quite some time now.
In fact, I have royal blood in my roots.
I don't know if you know this or not, but Queen Iliad and the Iliad and the other idiots
dancing around there, they're not really related to Queen Elizabeth, but I am.
Who isn't?
Just about every Anglo in the country is related.
They're all inbred royals.
Even those Duck Dynasty guys are related to the Baron of Hanover and the King of Huff
Hines.
They're all interrelated.
The Tsar, the Tsar's family.
Well, the Tsar's skeleton's family.
It gives meaning to the joke, the aristocrats, you know?
Right.
I mean, we have plenty of...
Well, and it also puts it in context because that's the way those people really
behave.
Rich people, you know?
Rich, powerful people.
Well, that's the meaning of the joke.
What?
I can't believe it.
I've never seen it.
What do you call yourselves?
Aristocrats.
Titty boom, you know?
It pretty much says it.
Well, of course, that's the joke that can't be told on broadcast anything.
There's a whole movie of it that Penn and Teller helped put together of just comedians
talking about the law of the land, the law of the land, and the law of the land.









The horror and wonder of that one joke, almost 90-minute movie.
The Aristocrats?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's a great movie.
Speaking of Penn Jillette, he's in that Subgenius movie a whole lot.
Even though he never really channeled Bob or anything, he's always been a big supporter.
And he's famous, so, you know, and he talks good.
So, they used a whole bunch of him talking.
Anybody with more than 35 cents in their pocket who can pronounce their own last name
is good to go as far as you're concerned.
Are you all right, all right?
Well, yeah, with me, sure, yeah.
I'm up for any program.
But some editors and directors are a little more picky.
That's why my version of the Subgenius documentary is, I think it's 47 hours long now.
So, I haven't, nothing is cut.
It includes everything.
It doesn't have a title.
It's not a title that we ever shot from both cameras.
So, yeah, Sandy did a good job cutting it down.
And her friend, her buddy there.
She sure did.
The unsung, you know, nobody knows the names of editors or producers or the cinematographers,
for that matter, except a few, you know, super film buffs.
But Lauren Sanders was the editor of the Subgenius movie, and I mentioned that several times,
because by the time y'all finally got it, you were already in the movie.
You were already in the movie.



And by the time we see the thing, you're gonna go,
good Lord, that woman must have worked her butt off.
And she did.
Well...
Well, I mean, yeah.
There's a pretty good replica still attached.
But I'm not supposed to get into that.
The ladies of the Subgenius movie informed me that it was in bad taste for me to get
on stage and go on and on and on about how, what a great shoot it was to be on, because
there were so many people.



There were so many attractive ladies working on it.
But you know, it's like, looks aren't everything.
And that's like, me too.
And I'm just focusing on surface values, and that's not right.
But I couldn't help but...
It's not PC, man.
It was very noticeable.
That's all I can say.
It was something that was hard for me not to remark on it.
Boy, you Texas pig and you snick.
Sniveling large ass of a boydness.
What's going on?
Boyd.
Devoid.
Devoid.
Not only is it a gang of strong, powerful, headstrong, smart women, and funny, but also...
By golly.
Well, I'm not supposed to talk about that aspect of it.
So I won't.
See, that's it.
I'm a good boy.
And you're listening to the Hour of Slack, which is a radio...
It's actually a religious program.
It's...
I know it's kind of hard to imagine that, since we've been...
Well, we've been talking about an important actual movie that's been made about our religion.
And it's actually good.
And we like it.
Everybody who sees it likes it.
That means that people who hate it are really gonna hate it.
I can't wait for that to start.
But first, it's gonna end up on Netflix, where the haters can see it to hate it.
Or something.
Anyway, Church of the Subgenius.
You can learn more about it before the movie comes out at subgenius.com.
And we actually do have simple descriptions in the book.
They can find out about my book, Neighbor World, too.
Right.
Dave's book, Neighbor World, can be learned about there.
And the book of the subgenius can be learned about.
It's got more positive reproachments.
Many videos can be learned.
And subgenius.com as a URL can be learned.
And every hour of slack that we've ever done.
Which includes an awful lot of ESO Swamp Radio shows, basically.
With the dumb callers cut out.
It's all there.
It's all there.
All this color.
Beautiful color art.
All the ancient black everything.
The scars.
The mental illnesses.
The suicide attempts.
It's all there.
The highlights and the dark side.
The dark side is there, too.
Wouldn't you want to present...
What else would you want to present other than both the dark and the light of the whole?
We present everything.
It's a cross-section.
It's not everything.
But it's a fair cross-section.
Because it includes lots of really stupid stuff.
Yeah.
It's enough to make you fear the police.
And the regular army of the...
I'm sorry.
It's called subgenius for a reason.
Instead of genius.
Anyway.
It's also box 807.
Glen Rose, Texas.
76043.
Although, for the next couple of months, we'll be using our old Cleveland Heights P.O. box, too.
And getting the house ready.
We have to go.
I'm going to play a song by the Psychoskeletons, aptly titled, Think Before You Act.
I think I made the intro movement too long for you, 영갛i .
Will you play the ever-more mystical song?




I have no idea what to do.









ToUUU RIP Special thanks to all Gyachiy.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
