Oh Bob, give me food, give me slack, give me...
No, repair my computer, Bob.
Oh Bob, give me food, give me pills, give me slack.
Oh, forget the pills, fix my computer.
Oh Bob, give me food or give me slack, fix my computer, praise Bob.
These groups are working at a much more fundamental level.
They're teaching these people processes of chanting
that are not like any kind of Christian meditation or Christian chanting.
They're stealing the workings of the mind
at the level of the brain and nervous system,
and not just for an hour a day, not just for morning devotion,
but over dozens and dozens and hundreds of hours.
Oh, slack!
Welcome potential initiates.
Remain with us for thousands and thousands of hours and hours and hours.
Welcome to Genius Radio Ministry.
Our audience.
Of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
What is wrong with this picture?
What time is it?
Give me your watch.
Now you don't have to worry about the time.
I'm going to show you how to do it.

Green leafy substance.
Green.
Green.
Green leafy substance.
Time is the essence of a drummer.
When he was on marijuana, his timing was distorted.
When you're on drugs, you just pound, pound, pound.
K-A-M.
K-A-M.
J-A-M.
K-A-M.
J-A-M-.
J-A-M.
, comparable to trombone, low-pitch, trombone, adaptable and
K-all, bar麻.
How to.
Arranged in the middle finger.
When doing oblong ar Riley.





Downtown, boss,SM.
Per.
Doesn't anybody want to find out some personal info from your doctors?
Doesn't anybody want to get the straight poop on Doctors for Bob?
You're taking me in a bit too literally, my God.
Put that away.
I don't want to see that.
Who's got that air freshener?
Oh, Lord.
Somebody open a window.
You're going to need a steam shovel.
Yeah.
Is that corn?
My God.
Well, apparently the perpetrator was a corn-eating ruminant.
Yes, the sesame seeds and the strings from the celery are indigestible.
We have to leave all this stuff here pending the investigation,
but your living room will be spanking clean at the end of the next election period.
And by the time Doc's Doc ends this year, everyone will be hearty, happy, and fat.
All the children will be tucked snugly into their...
What are those things called?
Beds.
No, those things with the spikes and the electrodes.
You know, the acid buckets that you just spin over the top of them
and those kind of sleeping surfaces made out of swords and rusty razor blades.
Those are called tiny-bite-a-wee slumber cradles.
When you have to sleep under the...
What?

Drill-o-pads that are dripping with the muriatic acid
and the things that were those fish hooks,
the ones with the three-treble hooks, they call them, are kind of...
Those were bars by the Geneva Convention.
The ones that they have to put into their noses
and when they hook them with their testicles up to the telephone
and they turn that crank handle and send about 68 volts DC
right through the genitalia of everyone who attends the Doc's Doc
and, of course, the...
the legendary square needle and the left nut test
to get into whatever the Doc's Doc...
If you'd like to make a call, please hang up and try again.
And you can find out something about how much...
If you pay that much money and show up at the door on time,
if Doc's Doc will be something that you wouldn't want to miss next time,
I wouldn't think so.
Well, less than ten minutes remaining.
About seven minutes, more precisely, Dr. Howell,
which is not enough time, in my estimation...
For this caller to say anything smart.
All right.
All right, caller, did you want to hear the story of Dobbs the Salesman?
Say yes.
You say yes and then Howell does the story anyway.
Or say no and ask...
And then the thing's going to be over.
And then Howell does the story anyway.
Ask a short question, please.
Yes.
No.
And the whole thing's going to be over in just a few minutes, so...
Dobbs the Salesman.
His very name rings with...
It's like 800 times a show.
We have to listen to the Brings story.
Dobbs saw the future and just...
He was sucking up the venerable excess
that was a waste that was kind of excreted by...
...his mind.
Dobbs used his mystical powers to aid the fortress of Rysis,
honor and virtue,
and to shape the splendid visions of his noble king, Stang.
But when the tragic end of Dobbstown drew near,
many say that the hot, sick Dobbs
sought refuge with a tiny, piddling poodle
known as Pixie Pippa.
And those wound lips were slowly sunken in a landfill
to rest safely until needed by his countrymen.
It makes me want to have those pictures of Pixie.
It makes me want to...
I don't know what it does.
I don't know.
That's Trixie, not Pixie.
Yeah.
He's about to finish up the story, folks.
We got about six minutes left of story.
If you've ever succumbed to the lure of magic,
if you've ever dreamed of faraway times and places
where wondrous beings exert awesome otherworldly power...
Then we don't have to kill you this morning.
Then you're ready to leave your earthly cares behind
and probe the spellbinding secrets of...
Doc Stock Central.
And the show where tumescent satyrs leap from...
Wow.
...the rites of Pan.
Three.
Witches and wizards trade recipes and spells...

...the vivid imaginary universe that exists...
They take their pants off for this one, I believe.
...where bunyips burble from crocodile-ridden swamps
and duendes scuttle in southwestern adobe shadows.
And now it's all gone.
The realm of witches and wizards and ghosts,
goblins and gnomes, fairies, pansies, nerds, elves, giants, and ogres,
where valiant knights battle fearsome dragons,
mermaids, splash, and sunlit seas, and mystical unicorns...
That's just a bunch of bull hockey.
You ask Billy Samuels what he thinks about that, and he would say that he...
Shh, shh, shh, this is for the callers.
He didn't think anyone...
Don't blow it. The callers actually believe in this stuff.
He didn't think that. He let you do that.
I gotta say this for the callers.
Oh, it's just a bunch of mythologizing that they're doing here according to Billy.
But they have to hold on to something. They have to believe in something, don't they?
All he'd have to do is bring a kaiser blade to him...
Whatever you're doing. ...and split him in half.
However far in you are, you do have to believe in something.
I mean, I firmly do believe there is a vital spark in the heart of man.
One must believe in that, and one must believe at least in that.
But what about the end piece?
You mean the end piece?
The end piece.
Well, uh, many have a strong case of NP, of others' attributes, but you see, it's very bad...
Subscribers to this mythology don't seem to realize that Doc Stock is not for everyone.
Dangerous shadows lurk near, and one might easily trip over the insertion of a foot into the buckle orifice.
And placing the church air canister in the kaiser blade rooms may seem a bit folly to many.
Whoa! I put down a little bit of heart.
If you're an inexperienced Doc Stock attendee...
I'm feeling a mite testy.
Yes, when we take no responsibility for cuts, lacerations, contusions...
I'll have a Doc Stock donut and say, uh...
...broken bones.
Oh my god, no, I'll cancel that. I'll just have coffee, thank you.
Yes, I'll have the special Doc Stock brew.
Oh, I should have ordered that.
Everything comes with pills at Doc Stock, you don't have to mention it.
I can pop mine without even a glass of water. I ain't no sissy.
Yep, we'll just cram handfuls of pills right into the orifice and...
I just make my throat a funnel and pour the pills down.
And he's truly a man for today.
Boy, my belly rattles like a gumball machine. Can't I put him away?
And indeed he can, folks, as he does every year at Doc Stock.
65,000 pills were used to fuel the doctors at this year's Doc Stock.
Yes, the whole world of enchantment that has bewitched the human mind and spirit since the dawn of time...
...will be available at Doc Stock.
Banshees jibber in the bushes, gnomes natter at you from underground...
...and the eerie howl of the fearsome loop garu echoes through the rustling forest.
As the poop dog hat drips slowly but surely...
...across the foreheads of those tied-down Doc Stock attendees...
...those all too familiar with the legendary big red straps...
...here at Doc Stock Central...
...and Will Kmodfran blowing himself up.
That was sad.
Yeah, it was.
That was sad.
And it's the end of the show.
And we'd like to thank everyone for calling this evening.
That's not always like this.
Well, not everyone. Especially...
We'd like to thank Turno Stocks for being on the show.
We'd especially like not to thank most of the callers tonight who...
...had nothing to contribute to this year's Doc Stock.
Nothing except a little bit of midget mustard and other condiments of the air.
Goodbye till next time.
Oh no.
And next time you're next we'll be in the noose indeed...
...because puzzling evidence will not be here.
He must take a long trip to Hobnob with his brother wizards and...
Oh, that's right. He was here.
...while I will be doing the show with Don Joyce of Over the Edge all throughout the next...
Yes, yes, yes. Dear friends, a beautiful, beautiful long excerpt there from the show.
The KPFA, a Berkeley subgenius show from puzzling evidence.
And you heard lots of Dr. Howell there co-spouting with the great Pope Sternodocs, a special guest.
And friends, they're talking about Doc Stock.
And is Doc Stock going to come to your town?
Well, it just might.
I've got some wonderful news for you.
I hope it doesn't get to you too late.
The World Slack Crusade is about to leave.
And I'm going to go ahead and give these cities and dates...
...because they're mostly in the towns where this radio show is played.
So chances are quite good if you're hearing this...
...you can actually come to that selfsame World Slack Crusade Doc Stockian event there.
Which in this particular tour will star yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stagg, along with Dr. Legume.
And those wacky, head-crushing, bug-eating, face-skewering, lip-sewing-shut-with-piano-wire wacky duo, The Circus Apocalypse.
February 2nd, we'll be in Chicago at Double Door.
February 3rd, which is a Saturday, we'll be in Madison, Wisconsin at the Club de Walsh.
Thanks to W-O-R-T there.
And Reverend Velveteen Sly will be there.
Yes indeed, dear friends!
Tuesday the 6th in Minneapolis.
Wednesday the 7th, dear friends, Wednesday the 7th of February.
The World Slack Crusade will be in St. Louis, Missouri.
Oh, well none of you are...
...there you go.
This show ain't on in St. Louis.
Well anyway, that'll have the swingin' love corpses.
Oh, Jane or Hypercleets will be in Chicago and maybe some of these other shows.
Thursday the 8th, Indianapolis at the Patio.
Friday, February 9th, Cleveland at Peabody's.
Yes, friends, with Indian Rope Burn, Dr. Legume, Circus Apocalypse, Papa Joe Mama, I think.
Well, who knows? Who knows what all else?
Monday, February 12th, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania at the Mellon Institute Auditorium.
Wednesday the 14th, Baltimore at Memory Lane.
Thursday the 15th, you WFMU listeners, you listening now?
Thursday the 15th, in New York City at Wetlands.
Yes, Wetlands in New York.
And I don't have an address for that.
Oh yeah, I do. 161 Hudson Street.
Well, call for information.
And let's see, Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Saturday, February 17th.
February 17th at the Middle East.
And Toronto, friends, for our wonderful listeners in Toronto.
Sunday the 18th at the Opera House.
Whatever that is.
And I'm telling you all I know.
But I do know that yes, we will preach.
We will be there.
And there shall be a balm in Gilead, dear friends.
And perhaps we shall even, yea, set free the pygmy yeti of the British Isles.
You know, people try to pretend there's no such thing as the pygmy yeti of the British Isles.
Because the hair is such a funny color.
And nobody wants to believe that it's a pot of gold.
A real, literal pot of gold at the end of that rainbow.
But it is. It is, dear friends.
Ah, yes. So good. So good to be back.
Back on whatever this is.
The radio, I think that's what this medium is.
It's so hard to tell.
So hard to tell, dear friends.
Ah, yes.
But I can feel the power of Dobbs coursing through me.
No, wait. That's the power of Jimi Hendrix.
I think I'm going to switch over to the power of Dobbs.
Because, friends, I've got to get serious with you just for a minute here.
Did you ever have the blues?
Have you ever felt totally slackless, my friend?
Have you ever felt like everything was just caving in on you all at once and there was no way out?
Well, if you haven't, then you're probably not a subgenius, my friend.
Now, some of you come to this show because you are damaged.
Some come because everybody else is damaged.
Either way, you feel alone.
Well, you are alone, my friend.
And we're not going to lie to you about that.
But we're not, at the same time, this church, this radio ministry is not,
we don't gather together at our devivals to be all alone together.
Like fuzzy little love bunnies in some new age nerd support group.
Nay!
And chances are, you know, really, wouldn't you rather be alone?
You'd just as soon be alone.
And my friend, that's what Bob is good for.
You can be alone with Bob.
Yes, you can be alone with Bob.
He's about the only personal savior you can be alone with.
All those other personal saviors, oh, hell, they're always breathing down your neck, watching you.
Oh, did you sin too much today?
Are you going to be able to pay the bills this month?
Is your work really any good?
With Dobbs, with J.R. Bob Dobbs, you don't have that problem because Bob doesn't care.
He could give a good golly gosh darn about your failures and your sins.
He ain't well enough connected to forgive your sins.
And even if he was, he doesn't think there's anything you need to be forgiven for particularly.
No, sir.
Bob Dobbs ain't going to forgive your sins because he comes, as we've said before, to justify your sins.
To rationalize your sins.
He brings not forgiveness but an excuse.
So don't worry about being a failure in the conspiracy world.
They will try to humiliate you, but they lack the cosmic knowledge that the only thing that never fails is failure.
The only thing that never works is perfection.
The only workable philosophy.
The one rule of this church is, well as we say on the radio, let them mount up upon themselves if they can't take a joke.
You gotta stop blaming yourself for your failures, my friend, and get back to blaming the conspiracy.
The conspiracy tries to tell you that a failed experiment is bad and that you're a loser if you aren't rich.
And that it's, on top of that, that it's somehow abnormal and unreasonable.
And that it's unhealthy to be depressed, pessimistic, consumed with hate, and desperately seeking slack in strange places.
Those are actually appropriate responses to a world that is so messed up.
So messed up, friends, that even the church of the subgenius starts to make sense by comparison.
The idea that it's normal for everything to always be all cheery and hunky dory and lovey dovey.
That is a lie, my friend. It is a black lie.
As the old bumper sticker says, I'd rather be killing optimists.
I'd rather be killing optimists because that way, friends, lies a life of quiet desperation.
Now we subgenii choose to lead lives of ear-splitting desperation.
We want slack, but we're getting force-fed a gross pablum of false slack.
And we are not going to be polite about our own lack of slack.


We are going to be polite about our pure, unrelenting hate.
When they won't let you have the kind of slack you need, then are you not forced to obtain slack through hate?
The Christians and New Agers, they like to channel their love.
Well, that's just fine for them since those pinks make up 95% of the overpopulation.
Likewise, so too may the subgenius tap into and channel the great hate force of the universe.

And transmute it from stupidity into slack.
It is true that slack is the energy which powers the universe.
And it is equally true that invisible, seething, self-contained hate particles compose the missing matter of the universe for which quantum physicists still search.
Hate and failure are part of nature, my friend.
And must needs be unsuspected paths to slack.
The life of a subgenius marooned in a sea of humans can be hard.
You might think that I have the most slack-filled job in the world, next to Bob.
But no, no, actually it ain't.
It ain't easy around here, friends.
We took on the job of pulling God's leg.
And it's a big leg, my friend.
A mighty big leg to pull.
I'll admit it.
Devoting your heart and mind and soul to Bob won't solve all your problems.
It'll just help you to blow them off.
Besides, you may not yet have any inkling what slack really is for you.
You might think of, oh, if I had such and such, then I'd have slack.
And you actually start working too hard for slack.
It can happen.
It has happened to me.
You build up to an obsessed fever pitch reaching for that gold ring of slack.
And it backfires and it snowballs.
It goes out of control.
And it becomes black or sullied slack.
It becomes anti-slack.
And, my friend, that's when J.R. Bob Dobbs steps in and saves your butt.
But Bob doesn't save you.
By answering your prayers.
He didn't pay any attention to your prayers.
He just makes everything break down.
Everything just falls apart.
Suddenly there's this whole string of terrible breakdowns and disasters.
And everything is shot to hell.
And you can do nothing.
And it's not your fault.
No, friend.
You look down and there's that treadmill you've been on.
Broken and smoking.
For nothing.
And at that moment Bob has enlightened you.
For you think to yourself, praise Bob.
Everything went totally all to hell in the very nick of time.
Now, now, I can relax.
In fact, I have no choice.
Why, that glass wasn't half empty at all.
It was actually half full the whole time.
And I just didn't see it.
I have been delivered slack from whence I least expected it.
Oh, praise his sweet name.
Yes, friends.
Involuntary slack may be your deliverance.
It may not be the kind of slack you had in mind.
In fact, you could even say that it was forced slack.
But yet, it is just as real all the same.
It may come up behind you and whoop you upside the back of the head.
Like a mugger on a city street.
But when it snaps you out of your treadmill of false slack, by gobs you're thankful for it.
Involuntary slack.
Because you can't know what slack is until you got it.
And you can't share it with your tribe unless you've got it.
Your slack comes first, my friend.
Your slack comes first.
Just remember, it may not be what the conspiracy.
Or us made you think it was.
As Dob said, you'll pay to know what you really think.
We will sell you the knowledge of what you really believe.
And I'll tell you what I believe, my friend.
I believe I'm gonna go have me another frock stick.
Because let's face it, society is breaking down.
The world as we know it has been pinking and a-pinkin'.


And now we're out on borrowed time.
The warranty on this planet runs out on July 5th, 1998.
Earth is doomed.
But J.R. Bob Dobbs has the extended surface policy.
So you know what to do, my friend.
I want you to get out that pencil, that sheet of paper, and write down Bob's address.
You just write down Bob.
And you're gonna send Bob a postcard.
You're gonna say, well, even better, send him a token of your love in an envelope.
And say, Bob, Bob, I love you.
But I don't understand you.
Send me what I need to know.
Tell me, tell me, tell me.
Tell me do, Bob.
And just address that to Bob at, and you know how to spell Bob.
But do you know how to spell P-O-B-O-B-B-O-B?
Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Do you know how to spell that?
Well, it goes like this.
Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Praise Bob.
And on with whatever it is we're doing here.
Oh, by the way.
This is Doctors for Bob in the background.
The great Gene Splice.
Pope Sternodoc's key caver.
And Martin Big Smoke Pits.
And it's a cooking friend.
Beautiful, beautiful thing.
And I recommend it.
Now, don't know why, but with Richard Martins,
I brought a하하 for you.
Please join in us.
Oh.
That's a bar that's huge, right?
Yeah.
What is that in your pants, Grampa?
That's all kind of slimy and having stuff fall down your legs.
Well, that's the alien smegma, my child.
That's the blisters coming up.
As the sun goes down, the blisters get larger.
Until by full moon night.
Grampa?
Well, after one o'clock now, these blisters are popping my drawers.
Is this a reticule?
Well, in my case, it is, son.
But some people were born to the cause.
And take, for instance, your Uncle Francis.
He was born without a leg.
And yet, still, the alien smegma pie was so strong in his body
that it caused two new legs to grow where none were before.
So that means he had three legs, Grampa.
Is that true? He had three legs?
Yes, he was the human tripod to so many women in Pleasant Valley.
Grampa, why'd they lock him in the basement and never let anybody see him?
Well, that was because of the utterances, the spoutings that went on for hours and hours.
What kind of things would it say, Grampa?
It's not the things you said, child.
It's the things that came out of his mouth.
The pustules.
They'd more often than not form themselves in a tiny little homunculi.
Do you know what those are, child?
Grampa, what are you saying?
Is this some sort of full speech?
Oh, no, child, I'm trying to bring you in.
Third degree.
You know what I'm saying?
I want to keep it in the family.
He was a little tiny, dried-up man.
I see.
So what he did then was drink himself into a little pus ball.
And then he grew a couple more legs.
And this was because of the alien smegma pie, which you're trying to feed me right now, Grandpa?
Is that true?
I'm not trying to feed you.
I'm trying to feed you the alien smegma pie right now.
So eat the pie, child.
Grampa, why don't you just give me a big bowl of heaping, helping pus?
It sounds like the same thing to me.
Now, son, how many times do I have to explain to you that this alien smegma pie comes from a distant star?
Grampa, I don't want three legs or seven heads.
I don't think that this is not a good idea.
Ah, son, it may look like Bob Dole's tooth decay here.
But in reality...
It is actually a very potent substance capable of creating genetic change in a human.
I need a better animal.
What do you mean, Grandpa?
I'm going to spot wings and fly around the house like a bird or like Uncle Charlie did a long time ago
when he drank some of that alien smegma pie high-powered ginseng tea?
Well, no, it's not exactly like that, son.
What happens is what you want to happen with your new leg, new arm, new...
You name it.
That's what happens.
You eat the pie and then you become the Superman you want to be.
Well, Grandpa, I don't think it's all what it sets up to be.
I mean, Sister Smegma Pie over at St. Smegma's told me a long time ago
that anything that makes you stronger or smarter or better than what you really are is not real.
It's kind of like a fake or something.
Like, you know...
The work of the devil. Is that what she told you?
Yes, she did, Grandpa.
I'm afraid of that thing because it's making me crazy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And the distinctions are subtle.
I think the Moonies have the most sophisticated method.
What?
And it can be very difficult to come out of it.
It can take you a year or two to come out after you've been deprogrammed to really get the feet on the ground.
We've got to catch up with the Moonies.
A group like the Church of Scientology, in our opinion,
has probably the most destructive techniques to the actual workings of the brain and nervous system.
The ability to think and feel.
We can use those.
We've found that they're probably the worst.
Yes, we've found those to be the best.
A group like the Hare Krishna, where they do the chanting of the Hare Krishna mantra
for hours and hours.

And hours each day over months and years.
We've found that may have the most deteriorating effect on the brain.
Give me food, give me slack, give me, fix my computer, Bob.
Oh, Bob, oh, Bob, give me food or give me slack, fix my computer, Bob.
I can understand that.
So far, all we're getting are repetitions of our own signals coming back at us.
And all these answers you get...
Please sit down.
These answers you get, couldn't they be your own signals bouncing off some object in outer space?
Some other planet?
Booming down?
Or bouncing back at you?
I'm no authority on electronics, but...
I am.
No, this is no bounce back.
As I told you, we transform sound into light.
The speed of light is 186,000 miles a second.
So you divide the distance to Mars by the speed of light, and you get the length of
time it takes our light waves to reach Mars.
Double that, and you get the time it takes our messages to come back.
Now, that could all be mechanical, but they don't come back in that exact number of minutes.
It never takes less time, always more.
Twenty seconds?
Forty seconds?
Sometimes as much as a minute and a half.
We're gonna bounce off.
We was at 46%.
We don't have enough of a second left.
The sprinting forward attitude is six, zero, eight, nine...
Now!
No?
Yeah, all right, he was...
This is puzzling evidence to show.
It's 4.30.
Unusual.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.












I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.



Oh, Misha, what is it?
I don't see theCooperскихermann dot tuv

Deposit 40ria
believe it's all poisoned .
It got it.
This guy is pissed!


What am I missing here? Hang on.
What the hell?
You got it all messed up.
Yeah, it is all messed up.
Weatherman, who's on?
What's going on?
All right.
Yeah, I'm not sure yet.
We'll have to...
We're really having a lot of problems.
Yeah, we are.
We're having a lot of problems.
I think what's happening is normally at this hour you hear all the edge.
Yeah, I'm here.
I'm here.
Yeah, they're there.
Yeah, I'm here.
I'm here.
Tonight you're hearing puzzling evidence instead.
Hello, Doc?
Hello, I'm here.
It's all right.
You guys can go home.
Yeah, go ahead.
No, it's deep lug.
I didn't come on the program.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I see.
They're a bit confused about what happens now.
Don't worry about that.
Just follow the instructions and you'll find out about which show is on.
Oh, there we go.
Please stand in the center of the black disc.
The tube will lower around you.
Please remain still within the center circle of your black disc.
The tube will lower around you.
Your handheld communications app may be used to contact tube control.
You may require assistance.
Don't lose it or we may have difficulty locating you.
Now stand in the center of the black disc.
The tube will lower around you.
Please stay on the black disc.
Welcome.
Yeah, welcome.
If you become ill or disoriented,
press the red button.
and erase button on your communications hack
to return to a neutral environment.
Tube lowering.
Tube lowering in five seconds.
Have a nice trip.
Tube lowering.
Have a nice trip.
Have a nice trip.
Say it loud.


You told me I should get dressed.
You're bad at your business,
man.
LOL


D.O.
What's the one thing I'm going to get that you can't get?
I am the girl
I got the glory for you
What the hell is this?
How is this?
They have a
sophisticated communication system.
Specific messages are transmitted.
It causes an obligatory response.
Did you hear that?
Obligatory.
Say, what is this, group therapy?
At first, the people that understand,
they must be forced into submission.
Every week, the people must be brought back here to be indoctrinated again.
What a wonderful day.
All right, Winter Man, are you still there?
Looks like there's some show confusion still in place.
I got you, boy.
We should have this straightened up by 5 a.m.
It's wrong, I know, but it's a national security matter,
and that's all there is to it.
Well, you kind of like them Smurfs?
Yeah.
They're real mean, and they ain't blue.
Remember that.
We offer clues on this show.
Oh, please.
The Smurfs are mean, and they ain't blue.
Got 10 to 12 hours tops.
All of the cells of your body will talk.
Kind of organic stew.
Come forward in peace.
I'll show you what the future means.
Friends.
I'm a man.

I'm a man.















Fellow members of the human race, we are gathered here for a purpose.
Let us look together at mankind.
What do we see?
We see mastery.
What wonders mankind can perform.
He can cross oceans and continents today as easily as our grandfathers crossed the street.
Tomorrow, he will as easily cross the vast territories of space.
He can make deserts fertile and plant cabbages on the moon.
And what does man choose?
Alone among the creatures of this world, the human race chooses to annihilate itself.
Since the last world conflict ended, there has not been one day in which human beings
have not been slaughtering or wounding one another in two hundred and thirty years.
There have been more than one hundred and thirty different wars.
And man breathes as recklessly as he lays waste.
By the end of the century, the population of the world will have tripled.
Two-thirds of our plant species will have been destroyed.
Fifty-five percent of the animal kingdom and seventy percent of our mineral resources.
Out of every hundred human beings now living,
eighty will die without ever knowing what it feels like to be fully nourished.
While a tiny minority indulge themselves in absurd and extravagant luxury.
A motion picture entertainer of North America will receive as much money in a month
as would feed a starving South American tribe for a hundred years.
We waste.
We destroy.
And we cling like savages to our superstitions.
We give power to leaders of state and church as prejudiced and small-minded as ourselves
who squander our resources on instruments of destruction
while millions continue to suffer and go hungry,
condemned forever to lives of ignorance and deprivation.
And why is this?
It is because mankind has denied intelligence,
the unique glory of our species,
the human brain.
Huh? I thought it had something to do with Bob.
Man is entering an era of infinite possibility,
still imprisoned in a feeble, inefficient body,
still manacled by primitive notions of morality which have...
no place in an age of science.
Still powered by a brain that has hardly developed since the species emerged from the caves.
Does that mean I have to throw away my porn?
Only a new intelligence can save mankind.
A new what?
Only a new human being of pure brain can lead man forward into the new era.
Jobs?
I do not speak of dreams.
Such a being exists already.
I have created it. It is here, now.
Bob?
Prepare yourselves to meet the human of the future.
Who?
Neither man nor woman.
Greater than either.
Bob?
I have given it a name.
Bob?
People of today, behold your future.
It's Bob.
Bob?
What a piece of work is a man.
How noble in reason.
How infinite in faculty.
What's Bob talking about?
In form and moving.
He's running out of...
How express and admirable.
He's running out of batteries.
No.
He's running out of...
Well, well, well.
Well, well, well.
Well, well, well.
What?
It's time once again.
Oh, oh, good.
It's the first thing you have to get, man.
To speed through the night sky.
Look at it fly.
And learn about all the new information on the info highway that you're stuck with in a flat tire.
You flipped over the side of the concrete barrier and down in between the byways and highways of life.
And now you're listening to the show.
It's all messed up, guys.
We have all sorts of surprises for you this evening.
Good.
Good lockdown.
But right now, let's just relax and think about the lofty things.
Oh.
What about...
And maybe it's time for a little reflection on the cross country trip I just returned from.
I visited all the subgenius headquarters and all of the Pacific radio stations.
That was in the future.
Doing homework on the massive changes in the system.
In all of the systems.
For all of the characters that you've grown so fond of over the years.
The batteries ran out.
Yes.
It's an upheaval that won't stop for some time.
And I've considered a few moments here.
A few seconds, actually.
Various of the doctors that you've come to know and love on this program.
And these are recent comments by these doctors.
Oh, no.
I have a feeling this is going to be a long one.
This is going to be painful to hear, friends.
I'm listening to it the first time along with you.
Unpuzzling evidence radio show from Berkeley.
And now being spewed out to the subgenius listeners everywhere.
Thank you.
Well, where's the tape?
Roll the tape!
Oh, last chance to sleep.
That's fine.
Damn.
Hmm.
What's that?
What's that?
Something in the attic.
Some animal up there.
Some mother trying to raise a bunch of babies, probably.
Some Mother's Day.
I guess I could crawl up there and open a can of Bongo or something.
Or urinate and maybe chase them out with that.
Put a radio on.
Bang on the screen.
I'll show you.

What?
Oh, it's probably a raccoon or something.
Possum up there.
Maybe if I just go to sleep.
Oh, yeah, that's it.
I'll just go to sleep.
I don't know where.
Oh, no way.

Oh, well.
The heat is getting worse.
I need some water.
I don't have any.
I need a towel.

I need a towel.
I don't have any.
I need a towel.
I don't have any.



What is it now? We got a raccoon with a sentence?
I thought it was the animal.
Can you hear me?
Am I coming through?
What's that?
Can you hear me?
Oh, my God, what's that?
Can you hear me?
Hello, hello.
Am I dreaming?
No, you're not dreaming. Can you hear me?
What is that?
I can hear you quite clearly. Can you hear me?
Are you making scratching noises?
No, I'm not making scratching noises.
Are you making scratching noises? I'm on the other side here, but...
Hello?
Yes.
Can you hear me?
Yes, I can.
Are you making those noises?
No, there's a small animal in the attic.
They're very irritating.
I know.
Well, can you do something about it?
She's making a little nest up there for the babies.
What is?
Some animal, I don't know. Some mother raising some babies up there.
Well, I don't understand. I'm trying to get in touch with you, but I keep getting the scratching noise.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm going back to sleep.
The portal won't be open for very long.
I'm going back to sleep.
Don't go back to sleep.
This is not a dream.
I'm really talking to you.
Ah, well, that's what happens.
You try and break through. You try and come across to the other side.
They just go to sleep. It's remarkable.
People don't even seem to realize there's a coexistent universe that's contracting while they're expanding.
Hello? Hello? Can you hear me?
Uh-huh. Yeah.
There's still a scratching noise.
But can you hear me now?
Yeah, yeah. Go ahead.
Well, wake up. Don't go to sleep.
This is the most important moment in your life. This is important.
Hmm.
It really is.
Yeah.
Yeah, sure. Listen, I'm communicating to you from the other side.
Oh.
You realize about the other side.
The other side of?
Well, of, of, well, the other side.
Oh, my.
No, don't you understand? I'm on the other side and you're on that side.
Oh, God.
And I have managed to, so to speak,
Oh, my.
to make a small hole that separates your side from my side.
And I'm speaking to you from the other side.
I'm not from your universe. Do you understand?
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
I look around, see if you see my mom there. Would you?
What are you talking about? Listen, this is a momentous moment.
This is one complete separate universe communicating with another one.
I am from the other side. Don't you understand?
I'm, I'm from a dimension that's folded at a different angle from yours.
This is, uh, I'm not really from where you're from. Don't you understand?
This is not just the voice of your conscience.
No.
Or a Christmas present or, uh, the zombies in the attic.
Hello?
What's that scratching noise?
Well, I don't know. Perhaps it's something to do with the, uh, interdimensional connection.
There's some leather in the attic. There's a lady.
Hello?
Like in the nest in there.
No, there's no nest.
Hello?
Hello? Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Well.
I'm awake.
How are you? Well, this is a momentous occasion.
Yeah, yeah.
We should, we should say something.
Well, what's, what's that scratching noise?
I'm, I'm sorry, but I'm not responsible for it. That's part of your universe, not mine.
Oh. It's the things in the attics.
Yes. And we don't have attics.
I'm going back to the swamp.
We don't have it.
No attics?
No attics.
Where do you put your stuff?
Well, people don't use it. That's why there's no attics.
Hmm.
Remarkable.
That's weird.
You, you do have attics?
Oh, yeah.
And you keep animals in them?
Well, uh, they, that's where the scratching noise comes from.
So.
Why do you keep them if you find the noise unpleasant?
I don't want to chase them out. There's some mother up there.
I'm getting ready to have some babies, and what am I gonna do?
Well, is this not desirable?
Well, the, the, the, she'll mess up the place, you know.
Well, why did you let, I mean, I don't understand.
Oh, I don't either.
It's just an incompatibility between your universe and mine.
It's a subsuscientity.
Succientity.
I love it.
Succient.
It's a, it's a.
Are you there?
It's that scratching noise.
Thank you.
What is that scratching noise?
Yes, you heard it.
First, on the G. Gordon Gordon Radio Network, folks, a flash clandestine recording.
On the radio, like, somebody set the machine up, the machine starts skipping on the CD or something,
and, uh, and then they're just, like,
they're just walked away.
Pretty cool, huh?
I wonder how long, I'm gonna time it and see how long it's gonna go on before somebody calls somebody and catches it.
I kinda like it.
It's got a good beat, too.
Come here, think of it.
Testing one, two, mojo.
Testing one, two, mojo.
Give me a minute.
Think of it, damn it!
What's the difference between a drummer and a mutual fund?
Oh, careful.
One has a bull, one has a bull.






Oh, yeah!
You know, the mutual fund stands a small chance of maturing and making some money.
One of them has a distended experience.
You're simply an issue.
Some, some highly intelligent conversation.
So I'm hoping that maybe one of these days you'll call me up while you're trekking back or forth,
forth or back, and say,
Phyla, we're here in St. Louis,
and, uh, I think you, I think we should come over here.
We should come over and visit you.
And I'll say, sure, come on, bring dad.
Let's get dad all frapped up.
I know your dad doesn't frat, but we'll just try to get him frapped, you know?
We'll try to sneak it in on him.
He'll like it, you know he will.
As much as me and you like it, he's bound to like it.
Really?
The dead show is a bob pic?
It's a bob pic.
Yeah, the dead are like the 30 rungs below the bob.
The bob is nothing.
You need to tell Doug what's going on.
Hey, Doug!
I'm at, uh, a benefit for the climate theater at the, uh, Icon Vice Bar and Grill.
What did we just do? Tell him what we just did.
Sterno and I just did a performance with me reading and him interpreting on the bass guitar,
uh, for this audience of swells and sybarites.
To think of you guys listening to this, just...
I...
Feel better now?
And you notice we haven't mentioned or...
Or...
Because we're refined individuals.
Or anal grishif won't hiss you as you were saying.
No, that's just an internet thing, man. It's just a...
No, it's a phylo thing on...
I said strictly for your benefit, phylo. Throat wounds.
You don't even have to talk like that anymore because other people are generating your speech now.
Sterno-
And now some kid wrote an automatic Sterno insult generator, so I don't have to write any anymore.
Nobody's... Nobody's read a phylonator yet.
All I have to do is push...
Or a Jiminator or a Douginator or your Dougenuffinator.
All I have to do is push buttons now.
We gotta look for a place to park like this to...
Just before...
Healy Plaza.
Anywhere along the...
That's where we are, Jim.
Doug's rifle is standing at attention.
And the rushing of shots seven, eight, and nine echoes through Healy Plaza as three, maybe four shots.
To improve EOC's matching shots with wounds and scars, please use form critique.
Team, sir.
Team, sir.
We just came out of six floors over Texas, which they have a giant Lee Harvey rifle and they have a huge Jack Ruby inflato guy on top of the building.
Shoot the barrel was kind of fun where you slide.
It's a big corkscrew kind of slide that...
They cut down all the trees.
...where you represent the bullet.
Let's walk over to where the real shooting was.
So here's the little Zapruder place.
This little Zapruder thing where Doug Zapruder Smith...
I'm talking to Philo.
Yeah.
I don't know who you're talking to.
I'm talking to Jim still.
I'm coming over here to the Black Dog Man place where there were 800 Lee Harvey Oswalds in the square this evening.
We got 15 Red Rose.
And two of them, one of them was right here.
30-pound bag that's happening.
We got shot from here.
Current candidates give us nightmares.
12 turkeys, 19,000 assassins.
Oh, indeedly positive.
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
Government sucks.
Gilligan killed Kennedy.
The Skipper, too.
The Skipper, too.
That's right, Virgil.
JFK, a husband, a father, a corpse.
Wow.
He and Marilyn loved you.
Oswald, philosophical outcast, hero, and innocent patriot.
Reading the graffiti on the fence at Daly Plaza, dear friend.
Oswald Sirhan Ray Hunt North Foster.
In reality, CFR.
In six seconds.
Sorry, Jack.
Noel, Noel, Noel, Noel.
Just the word Noel five times.
That's pretty good.
Bobby shot JFK.
Teddy shot Bobby and then he killed himself.
Oh, okay.
That's a subgenius, Mr. Ray.
You're a genius.
Peter Lawford knows.
All of you conspiracy theorists are crazy.
Wow, look, there's a spot from his brain.
JFK, I miss you.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
The truth is out there.
We wonder what you could have been.
I guess, oh, you could have been Sally Schmidt, but you won't be now.
We push ours Elvis to make the grade no matter what.
Evening, not the cost, the highs and lows.
But when we won, we lost.
Why?
CIA media killed Clinton.
Hey, wait, no, it's too early.
It's never too late to investigate murder.
Hey, what's going on?
In the Zapruder film, the umbrella, OFL, the overhead fleshhead launcher, is seen rising, falling.
Watch carefully.
What's going on?
After launch at sea.
187.
It's flying.
Gross.
The ump.
Love this.
The sixth floor.
Yeah, six floors over Texas.
Six floors over Texas.
And it's rumored there were all these assassins, guys with rifles in all the corners.
See, that's why it was so hard.
They were, the New York Times actually ran the story at one point that probably what
happened, and it was supported by certain factions of the government, is that there
were two plots to kill the president.
And they just happened to be in the same place as this president.

And they were killed at the same time.
What a party.
Well, I just know this is where Philo was born.
Oh, okay.
The log cabin over there?
Yeah.
Philo Drummond was born.
The log man?
Yeah.
A little log cabin, right downtown Dealey Plaza area down.
What about the log man?
Wow.
Dipped in Kennedy blood, no doubt.
And it's only a block away from the world's largest army.
And it was 30 years, and then it was sold immediately.
But people can still see your shoes when you're pissing, so it's kind of embarrassing.
Most guys don't use it.
What about Colway?
Everybody got killed by everybody.
And everybody was involved.
And we're all pretty sure.


We're gonna die unless the Dalai Lama comes to Dealey Plaza and does a ritual.
And it's going to be a shimza.
A shimza.
Say that, Dallas.
Yeah, you have to.
Okay.
You heard it.
You heard it, friends.
Puzzling evidence and your friend, Reverend Ivan Stang, planning my own death in Dealey
Plaza.
A hideous mixture.
You're going to show our homes along with EOC.
A hideous mixture.
Joe.
I'm going to show you a picture of tapes, friends, tuning in to puzzling evidence for
a little while.
Just a sampling of other subgenius radio.
In this case, his home movies of his trip here and across America.
Yes, this is a classic tale of terror designed to make you shiver in your boots.
It was played at the嘛?
Talk about humor.
Talk about shit.
I got a quindi.
and a guy got kissed.
A book.
A book.
And a guy got dead.
I mean, you just remember the episode.
What am I doing again?
Your drawing was a exponentially weird.
So you can see us in front of the room.
We had to play before us.
We had to see why the nasty things.

Yes, officer, he was right over there.
He was by the acid pool, and Joe was just telling me about it.
I said, I couldn't believe it.
I couldn't believe there was some kind of thing by the acid pool that didn't have no face.
I heard stories about it, how it pulled Joe and them in and everything,
but I didn't believe them.
And now my husband's gone, and they say the murderer didn't have a face,
and they say he's dead, and they say the killer didn't have a face.
Pretty weird, that's all I can say.
As far as the monster not having a face,
personally, I think that's just a bunch of...
If you could give us the facts, ma'am, if you could simply try to stick to the facts.
I don't care. You can kill all my children as long as the murderer's got a face.
You can take my grandpa and my uncle. He ain't got no legs.
You can kill him. You can get him dead as long as you don't try to say that the murderer ain't got a face.
Frank, he's gone. He's gone.
And they're trying to tell me that the murderer ain't got a face.
He's trying to say that he ain't got no face.
Well, he was down there by the acid pool.
I don't know exactly what.
Acid pool are you referring to, Mr. Ferguson?
Well, you know, down there, Simmons Acid Pool.
Right down there, back over there where they saw a thing that didn't have no face.
I remember blue. There were blue lights all around the room.
Pop it up.
What about the face, ma'am? Did you get a glimpse of the face?
The face? Certainly I saw the face.
It was rather long. It looked sort of like...
Sort of like...
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Well, I've got nothing to worry about.
I'm just going to stay away from Simmons Acid Pool and close to you, Bill.
Bill, what's wrong with your nose?
Bill, it feels like it's made out of rubber.
Oh, that ain't nothing.
It's just something I do to protect the others.
Bill, this is a mask.
What are you doing wearing a mask, Bill?
This isn't Halloween.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!









What did it look like?
Well, it was...
Oh, I'd say it was sort of...
Oh, well, I could definitely say that it...
I can't remember.
A thing? Out in no face?
Back over there behind Simmons' acid pool?
Yeah, my son told me about that. I don't believe that.
He takes amipels all the time.
Now, I seen a thing that didn't have no head over there by the Hathaway's acid pool.
And it seems I can tell of quite a few things missing their bodily parts over at Jones' acid pool.
I believe there's somebody seen an old man with no legs.
Or maybe he had his legs. Maybe he just lost his car keys or something like that.
Thought you might be interested, Sheriff.
Okay.


I caught this mess of crappie down over behind Simmons' acid pool.
Now, this one here is a pretty nice-sized crappie.
It's perfectly well-formed, completely natural in every way.
Minus its face!
No, you won't want to miss the spine-tingling, mind-numbing horror of Jones.
That thing back over there by the acid pool.
My God, it ain't got no face.
