I hate So
In this scene, the mother herself leads into the subject of Bob
with her daughter, who might be 10 or 11, perhaps older.
The obvious reason is to make sure that a girl knows
both the natural and the spiritual significance of Bob.
Parents are the best judges of the proper time and place for such instruction,
but a good rule to follow here is
better a year too early than one week too late.
At Global Consolidated we care about you, not those other people.
We like you because you are special.
But you should have seen the crap those other customers were doing.
We doused them with chemicals and charged them late fees.
But they kept coming.
They came, and they still came.
Visit us in one of our 20,000 convenient locations.
Global Consolidated.
We're not like before.
We'll see you next time.
JASMINE

cel
ne
You're a lapdog, yeah, boot to the lapdog
Kind of sending, oh you're the pick of the litter
Peer breeding, it's made you insane
Mutation, oh you're puppy like charm
Devolving to a superficial niche
Consuming all your frivolous products
Your life in the hand that feeds
Your conscience is a pet on the head
Yep, yep, yep, now you're gnawing my leg
You're a lapdog, lapdog, you're a lapdog
Yeah, boot to the lapdog
Yep, yep, yep, yeah, boot to the lapdog
Yep, yep, yep, yeah, boot to the lapdog
Yep, yep, yep, yeah, boot to the lapdog
Yep, yep, yep, yeah, boot to the lapdog
Thank you.
That one, uh, it's not really about kicking puppies.
I'm just kidding.
I wouldn't be so cruel.
It's about kicking people.
It's about kicking people.
People, people.
People, people.
Kind of sister.
Check out my new class.
Puppy got no leash.
Hey bro, you got a quarter?
One punch.
Hit me down.
Hit me down.
Hit me down.



Pippy down!
Pippy down!
Yeah, I wrote that one when I lived in Colorado
for a little while.
Man, the subgenius, Steve Ivor.
Friends at Beachland Ballroom, May 22nd, the year 2004.
You can learn more on Man at beer4men.com.
That's www.beer4man.com.
And this radio show, Hour of Slack, number 945,
features not only a new, incredible, really, song,
an operatic song, almost, from the El Queso All-Stars,
but also recordings, really good recordings,
from the most recent devival at the Beachland Ballroom
here in Colorado.
Cleveland, including some great preaching
by a young Reverend Carter LeBlanc,
and you will love it.
Friends, the background music also is by the Amino Acids
and was likewise recorded at that devival.
Collages that we've already heard
were by Fernanda Nande-Lemur, Artemia Salina, and Paul Carr.
Now, the collage,
as you're about to hear,
is by yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang,
with Dr. Howell narrating.
From the subgenius video, Arise.
The bovinity and temerity of the human mind itself
does all the work.
The evil ones may just lean back
and watch the little humans march gladly,
even proudly, to their doom.
But we, too, must be vigilant.
For, thanks to the false slack bombarding us,
daily, it is terrifyingly easy
for even a subgenius to slip back into normality.
We live in a dangerous world.
The powers of pinkness
are always fighting the powers of slack.
Yes, children, they're locked in a death struggle.
Sometimes, oh, brother pink
gets all the slack down.
And he's a gasping.
And he's a choking.
And he's a straining.
But then, finally,
there we go.
Come on, then.
Fight good money!
Fight it!
And the powers of slack fight back.
Fight back!
Yes, yes, yes!
The powers of pink are found!
Fight it with slack!
But, children,
the final outcome is up for you!
Slack!
We can't give you all the answers.
But we can help you flesh out your fantasy
that there are some.
And that's why we're here.
At our labs, we use only the finest homemade ingredients.
Love, children, God, and the purest blend of money
your needs can buy.
Grown right here by our special process.
A process in use since our first mom and pop operation.
Who are we?
We're the normal people.
Normal people.
The most normal people in the world.
Normal people.
Normal people.
We are normal people.
But not quite as normal as you.
Children, look around you.
Testify.
Look at what they've done to the things that you love.
They took Elvis Presley.
They turned him pink.
They made him into a fat monster!
Tell us.
People say to us,
people worry that the church of the subgenius,
is an anti-American church.
No!
No!
A subversive church!
No!
No!
Children, we are the first real Americans!
No!
No!

No!
We know what America is
before they took it away from us
and tried to sell it back to us for a profit.
No!
No!
No!
No!





No!
No!

No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
Noみんな,
Aysha!


to the balls of your feet.
You're a pink and you know it.
Your eyes clearly show it.
Your lies are the dick of a demon
you happily blow.
And you know from the smell
that your slack has been sold.
And there'll be no time to tell you
when your asshole will explode.
You watch TV. You go to work.
You watch TV. You go to sleep.
You watch TV. You go to church.
You watch TV. You go to eat.
You watch TV. You go to work.
You watch TV. You go to sleep.
You watch TV. You go to church.
You watch TV. You are a pink.
You are a pink.
Now your pinkness has come
at such a drastic a level
that we know that you sucked
on the dick of the devil.
But alas, the spell you cast out on the sheep
could prevent us from breaking the grip
of your evil until Bob took the wheel.
And sacked the deck in our favor.
Now we get to savor
every moment.
Of your torment as you stumble about.
Testicle feet swirling.
Chicken scream in your mouth.
Pink boy fear in your eyes.
Now you know it was Bob.
Now you feel all your lies.
Now you know it's our job.
Making you realize that your reality is a joke.
We despise and hope
we can see through the smoke
and the mirrors that you've lived in for years.
We would just kill you now
but you're wrong.
It's my fault
the only joke
was fierce.
You watch Tv and you go to work.
You watch Tv and
you go to sleep.
You watch Tv
and you go to irregular.
You watch TV
and you go to church.
And you go to work.
You watch Tv
and you go to sleep.
You watch Tv
and you go to irregular.
You watch Tv
and you go to sleep.
You are a pink.
I am not crude
or unrefined.
I study every latest trend
My abs are oh so well defined
My skin is permanently tanned
My teeth are capped in pearly white
My bank account is my best friend
And I assign people value based on what they have to spend
I wear the best designer clothes
I go to trendy clubs to dance
I have a fancy car that makes up for the absence in my pants
I have a thing for insincerity
A fetish for the lines
Cause every time I swallow bullshit I feel my ego swell in size
I walk when the sign says walk
I poop when it's time to poop
I poop when it's time to poop

I read what I'm told to read
And unless I'm told to I simply won't believe
Cause I don't need to think about it
I don't need to think at all
Cause my head's already crowded with the things that keep me small
I am a pink boy
These aren't my times
And if you ask me very nice
I'll introduce you to my crimes
I am a pink
I am a pink
Pink
Pink
I pay my taxes
Pink
And I knowingly serve the blue mold from space
Just another angel, a blue mold from space
Just another angel, a blue mold from space
Just another spreader of light, a blue mold from space

I am here to pay your 있고
Just a contribution to this dangerous world

Just a contribution to the state of disgrace
I am a pink woman



And a fuck revolution of the whole human race
Just a B sí
Now, they make you forget
They make your eyes bleed
Now, they make you remember things you haven't seen
You're entitled to a new pain
Now, I look down you as your forebrain
So novel once with a television sc Felix
I live

It's ten times easier than beginning that
Simple review
Follow the craze that enslaves the billions!
It's the world's oldest, hip, new thing!
The blue moon from space needs an agent
To spread love, to pay our name
The brutal chokehold on our nation
Of spitting dead zombies' names
I am the blue moon from space
And those who have sought to slay me
Now serve me in high heels and an apron
Isn't that right, Mr. Kissinger?
I am fortunate to have many slaves
And those who obey without question
Feed me love and hate
In life-sustaining ways
I feed on those who don't think
I follow beasts on the crimes of the pink
The blue moon from space holds a station
To build up the human race
A hunger so patiently aged
It feeds on the people's laze
To the crimes of the pink
And I live by their lies
I am hidden everywhere
But I am never in disguise
And I despise the thought of freedom
In fact, anything that's free
And I suppress the will of beings
Who are thinking unlike me
I am the slime from your TV
The centerfold in Tiger Beach
I am the system that supports the cops
That beat you on the street
I am the mouths of politicians
Speaking anything but truth
I am the products cheaply purchased
By a disenfranchised youth
I am the drugs that keep you stupid
I keep fucking with your head
So don't forget to pay your bills
The day I finally make you dead
I am the reason everything you ever loved
Got shut down
Mine is the treason that's in season
On TV all year round
My camp's clear
You hear my voice and never know
I hate you fear
You're nearly all in my control
The blue mold from space needs an agent
To spread the two-panel name
The brutal chose hold on the nation
Of living dead zombies slain
I am alive
And I am thriving
On your streets and in your schools
I rep the fools and leave them writhing
In a lifetime made of stools
I am the fangor of the anti-slack
The ancient color of the black
The arm that holds the yeti back
A mindless force with no ball sack
I germ the people into sheep
All programmed to bleat and sleep
Robotic slaves who have to pay their way
To feel their own meat
I am crime with no mind so sublime
Mine is the time that destroys the divine
Just another agent of the blue mold from space
It's okay to be smart, and it's okay to do things intellectually, and it's also okay
to do things with a gut reaction, and it's also okay to combine the two.
And usually the way the media plays on the fears of the public, especially during the
50s and 60s, that anybody who had an IQ over 28, let's say, was probably a threat to the
community because, you know, a person who can think for himself is just liable to realize
that commercials don't mean anything and what they write in the newspaper is wrong,
you know, and it's fashionable to disparage people who are smart.
And the bad part about that is a lot of people who were born smart pretend to be dumb so
they can have friends, and that's a tragedy, you know.
I try and encourage people, if they are intelligent, to not be ashamed of it and go out and do
what you're going to do and forget about having friends and acting dumb in order to have friends.
Because those friends aren't going to do you any good anyway.
And if you know deep down in your heart that you are a dumb kind of a person, don't be
ashamed of it, you know.
That's the way you are.
Have a good time.
You're dumb.
You can sit in front of a television, drink beer and watch hockey and love it.
You have none of the problems of people who know more than you do because the more you
know the less you'll like it.
So everybody should be happy with what they got.
Frank Zappa, dear friends.
And before that...
That incredible...
That incredible song about the blue mold from space was, of course, the El Queso All
Stars.
And here is where...
Get that pencil ready.
Here is where you can get the information on the El Queso All Stars from www.soundclick.com.
And look for the band named Crotchless Leather Wheelchair.
Soundclick.com.
Crotchless Leather Wheelchair.
And now, friends, I'm going to let somebody else explain the church of the subgenius for
a change.
I'm going to let Jesus do it.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Yes, that Jesus was a guest.
Thank you, amino acids.
Jesus Christ, yeah, the one you're thinking of, was a guest on Baron Dave Rohn's Shockwave
Radio Theatre on KFAI in Minneapolis.
Tonight we have a very special guest.


Very special show for you.
Tonight we have Jesus.
Right.
Is that your cognomen?
Yeah, Reverend Jesus Christ of the Church of the Subgenius.
Okay.
And...
You can just call me Jesus or the Lord, Teacher, Messiah, King of Kings, JC.
JC, one of those.
And the Subgenius is an organization, the Subgenius Foundation, is it?
Right.
The Subgenius Foundation is more of the...
I'm the CFO of the Subgenius Foundation.

I'm the CFO of the Subgenius Foundation, which is sort of the capitalistic branch of the
Church of the Subgenius.
The Church of the Subgenius is actually the religion around it.
I mostly just run sort of the t-shirt and book selling side of it.
I brought the money, the tax collectors and change collectors back into the church, actually,
I feel.
I see.
So you righted the table.
Exactly.
Okay, well there, that works.
That works.
And you can perform marriages.
That's true.

Well, anyone who's ordained in our church, we have a much like, different than many other
religions, we have a $2 fee.
We have a triple year money back.
That's been our role in the years.
Anyone who's ordained in our self-referred church, which you can...
Okay, no money.
You can't say money, but you can say the website.
www.subgenius.com.
But all of our reverends.
I've had one that's on board.
We're all on board.
feelings, we'll marry you to anyone or anything.
We don't really have any laws.
I could marry to your wallet, to your Dr. Demento hat.
Well, there you go.
Okay.
Has that been auctioned off?
That's been auctioned off.
The Dr. Demento top hat that's on my website, Rome.org, R-O-M-M.
That was auctioned off at MarsCon.
I got to wear it briefly and it was special.
I could marry to your radio station.
In fact, I could marry everyone to everyone.
How did you happen to become an organist?


a messiah. Was that just a calling? Yeah, it was more of a calling. It was sort of an accident. I
sort of fell into it. I was mowing the lawn of Reverend Ivan Stang, who is kind of given the
credit of founding the Church of the Subgenius. Actually, J.R. Bob Dobbs is the founder, but
Reverend Stang sort of has picked up the word. And one day, almost like a miracle, I received a
call from J.R. Bob Dobbs, and he said to come work for the church in Dallas, Texas. We now,
of course, are located in Austin, Texas. You know, a lot of moving. The church tends to stay
on its feet, you know, just to avoid FBI, CIA, and such. But yeah, it was sort of a revelation
one day when we realized that, you know, my personal divinity and my calling to save the
Church of the Subgenius from financial ruin. I see. So did you have to get
the call from J.R. Bob Dobbs? Yeah, I did. I got the call from J.R. Bob Dobbs. I got the call from
J.R. Bob Dobbs. I got the call from J.R. Bob Dobbs. I got the call from J.R. Bob Dobbs. I got the call from
dunked or shaken or whatever branch that is. We have, well, within the church, we have what we
call Bob-tisms, which are usually done nude with a lot of people present during our X-Day
festival. But personally, no, there's no light, no blinding light from Bob. There was just simply
a phone call, and he said, hey, you're Jesus, and by the way, I'd like you to come work for me.
That's pretty much how it all started, yeah. How many disciples do you have?
Well, not many.
You see, the strange thing is once I realized that I was the Lord and my own divinity,
I kind of looked back at history and what had happened before.
I said, where?
This is perfect.
If I just stay within the Church of the Subgenius amongst the disbelievers and the blasphemers of the world,
no one will ever find me and perhaps I could sort of sneak out.
And this is my 33rd year of life and this is the year it's supposed to happen.
And I'm hoping that because I'm around the disbelievers that I won't get nailed to the stick this time.
So I have very few disciples because really no one does truly believe that I am the Lord.
And as long as I can keep that low profile, I think I'll be okay.
Well, do you want to go through the same experience that the other one is going through?
No, absolutely not.
Absolutely not.
I've been promised by Bob.
Now, I know you don't know a lot about our philosophy.
Not a lot.
We believe that on July 5th, this year, the world will come to us.
And all the saved subgeniuses, that is those of the non-human race, those of the subgenius race,
will be taken up aboard the space vessels of the sex goddesses.
And I, too, am supposed to have a front seat ticket on that space vessel.
And hopefully then I won't have to go through the whipping and the bleeding.
And, you know, you've seen The Passion.
Well, I've heard about it.
Yeah, me too.
It's a relatively well-known story.
Yeah.
Been around for a while.
Been around for a while.
So what is your philosophy?
I mean, how do you, do you, what are some of your major holidays?
Well, our main holiday is X-Day.
That would be the end of the world.
That is July 5th at 7 a.m.
And this is, I believe, the sixth time that we've predicted the end of the world.
And it hasn't happened.
So that puts us right up with some of the greatest.
That's true.
We're up with the Millerites, yes.
Yeah.
So we're hoping this time, you know, maybe after we get seven or eight, you know,
we can get even better than, like, let's say the Jehovah Witnesses or, you know, the Seventh-day Adventists, you know.
But X-Day is our main holiday that we have.
There are some other ones in there, St. Janer's Day and such.
I've always advocated that a subgenius holiday should happen exactly five days after the conspiracy holiday,
so you can hit all the good sales.
But, you know, that's not necessarily caught on yet.
And is there any sort of dietary restrictions?
No, no.
Subgenius will eat just about near anything, I'll tell you.
Well, our group...
Our group is very eclectic.
It is a group of people who seriously believe almost nothing or those who will believe just about anything.
The philosophy itself is based on the shifty, sandy beaches of hypocrisy.
We're one of the few churches, and this is what lacks in religion today, Barron,
is we're one of the few religions that not only lie, but we tell you the truth about it.
The rest of them are going to lie to you.
We're the only ones that are going to honestly tell you right now we're lying to you.
So, kind of make the philosophy up as you go.
That's pretty unique. It's true.
Most of them just sort of say, well, this is the truth in various forms,
and whether they're lying or not, they'll just claim it's the truth.
Correct.
One of the things that Bob has always told us is that pretty much if you say it, it is the law.
You know, whatever it is that you truly want to believe.
Um...
It...
Well...
Bob once said to us, you'll pay to know what you really think.
And really, that's where it's based in.
We also have the fundamental belief in slack.
Slack.
And that is, yes, the non-ending chase for fulfillment of your own personal dreams, whatever that may be.
Which they should cut you.
Yes.
And you should get...
Everyone should cut you some slack, right?
That's right.
But in the meantime, here is an apropos song.
This is Jesus Jr.
Jesus Jr.
His grandpa is the Lord.
Jesus Jr.
He drives a big white Ford.
Jesus Jr.
He takes his dad's advice.
Jesus Jr.
The country of Western Christ.
Well, he was born in Tennessee, not somewhere out in Galilee.
His dad got his at Calvary, and his mom works at the grocery.
Jesus Jr.
His grandpa is...
The Lord.
Jesus Jr.
He drives a big white Ford.
Jesus Jr.
His grandma marries Joy.
Father, son, and a holy good old boy.
Well, Jr.
Takes his name in vain when folks abuse the passing lane.
And at his favorite bar main, the only thing he'll raise is cane.
Jesus Jr.
His grandpa is the Lord.
Jesus Jr.
He drives a big white Ford.
Jesus Jr.
At least he's not a Jew.
Ten for Satan, his rig's passing you.
Now if his wheels get stuck in mud, he'll part that shoulder like the flood.
And when he drives on, he stir but his left hand signals dripping blood.
Jesus Jr.
His grandpa is the Lord.
Jesus Jr.

Got mudguards on his big white Ford.
Jesus Jr.
He takes his dad's advice.
Jesus Jr.
The country-western Christ.
Jesus Jr.
The country-western Christ.
Oh yes dear friends, Jesus Jr.
By the Cab City Combo.
there with Jesus on Baron Dave Rohn's show,
Shockwave Radio Theater,
Praise KFAI in Minneapolis where we got that tape,
and now also relating to X Day, friends,
some live revival recordings
from the Beachland Ballroom Cathedral
in Cleveland, Ohio.
Yes, dear friends.
Friends, well, I sure hope to see y'all at X Day this year
because the world will end.
We've let the pinks get off real easy.
We let them think it was gonna be that easy.
We let them think we were just a bunch of kooks.
We let the Jehovah's Witnesses out kook us
for a minute there, friends.
But I know that you are true subgeniuses
and you know that the world ends tomorrow.
Tomorrow!
And you may die.
Are you living your life as if the world ends tomorrow?
That's what I have to ask you.
Are you ready for X Day?
What if we don't know what year this is?
Obviously.
Bob Dobbs predicted the world would end July 5th, 1998.
Obviously.
It ain't 1998 yet.
Tomorrow might be July 5th, 1998.
Are you ready?
Have you gotten right with Bob?
But, friends, let's get practical.
This X Day, we're gonna be out there at Brushwood
partying like usual, waiting for the world to end.
On Monday!
July 5th happens to land on a Monday this year.
This puts some of us, you would think,
in some sort of a predicament.
Well, I mean, people go,
well, I'll celebrate this cataclysmic judgment
of all.
And I'll celebrate this cataclysmic judgment

But then I've got to get up and go to work in the morning.
Oh, yeah.
You gotta, just, just in case
the Xs fail to arrive at 7 a.m.,
like last time,
I better make sure and be at my job on Monday.
Backsliders!
Backsliders, all friends,
sometimes I feel alone.
When you go to work on July 5th,
it's like you stabbed Bob in the back
and twist that knife.
It hurts Bob as much as jacking off
hurts the baby Jesus, friends.
Because you know as well as I do
that the subgenius cannot be ruptured
up into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses
while he's clocked in working for the conspiracy.
You can't be ruptured if you're clocked in.
Are you going to let your stinking earth job
come before eternal salvation?
Why should you?
Do you really think that that job is still going to be there?
Friends, look,
it's not like we have that many religious holidays.
We only have the one, X day, July 5th.
That's our main religious holiday.
So get off work and get paid!
Claim July 5th as your religious holiday.
Go out to Brushwood and spend the whole day
fropping, drinking, lazing around,
listening to music,


and trying to get laid somehow.
You should insist on this
or else you are pink,
dead to Bob, friends.
You're dead to Bob.
If you can't get off earth,
at least get off work.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
magazine the story was some folks had seen ufos over my town i should have been space bound
some just had their release confirmed i believe i landed in the wrong place
they've come to take me back to space some say it's the water others think it's the wind
but me i like to think they're my long-awaited friends
i wish you'd hurry get me out of here it's looking like the end is near
my nerves are wrecked but they're starting to shake if this is a joke it's more than i can take
you've had your fun with this hide and seek i mean at this time come after me
done all i wanna do is you know i wanna see before the big one blows hope you let me go
some say it's the water others think it's the wind but me i like to think
you're my long-awaited friends
long, long friends
the love of lights by the supernatural family and now back to the revival
on a serious note in fact believe it or not from lonesome cowboy dave
hello abu graif detention facility how may i help you
hello this is amir samir i seem to have lost my children during the last curfew round up
could you tell me where they might be
hold on for a minute
your call is important to us please stay on the line until a directory assistance operator can help you
all service operators are currently busy
your call is important to us
yes


you're the only one we can recommend


three
top
Abu Ghraib is gonna be your final grave
Better get inside before curfew
Abu Ghraib is gonna make you change your ways
Better get inside before curfew
Hello?
Yeah, this is Don, you know, the Don
Uh, you mean John Gotti?
No, no, no, the Don
You mean the Department of the Navy?
No, Donnie, I'm looking for those shots I promised
Abu Ghraib is gonna be your final grave
Better get inside before curfew
Better not chain your neck
Better not do the best old heck
Abu Ghraib is gonna be your final resting place
Your final resting place
Your final resting place
Your final resting place
We don't even practice
We don't even talk fancifully
And because abi...
See that man side of us


A little bit better than mine.
This damn, real bad.
As far as you're concerned,
you bet he wasn't awesome though.
And today's theход squirrel you're going to see
on the Mainwan ув Corfu Now.
Stop quitin', that hoot.
Stop cutin'. Up, down, down.
right here. Everybody's got a dollar bill. There's a very simple thing. There's an eye. We've all
looked at the goddamn eye in the pyramid. Everybody says, oh, there's an eye in the pyramid. Oh, it's
an Illuminati conspiracy. No, it just means one thing. It means that eye, every time you do anything
with money, that eye gets to watch. That eye gets to see what you do. So what we're doing right here
is very, very simple. And don't tell people about this unless you think they're going to do it.
Very simple. You take it. You blot out the eye. Okay. This goes back to the fucking emerald
tablets of Hermes Trimestigus. As above, so below. Jesus himself said, he said, what is bound on
earth is bound in heaven. When you blot out that eye, you're removing this dollar bill from the
watchful eye of Jehovah one. This dollar bill is no longer in his service. It's not defacing the
dollar bill because there's no face attached to that. It's not defacing the dollar bill because
it's not in that eye. That is a faceless eye. So all we are doing is eliminating something that has
been watching you since you figured out what money was for. There's an old Italian saying, money is
the devil's shit. Anybody that's got a dollar bill, I want you to come right up here, take this
Sharpie and blot out the eye. And I want you to hold that dollar bill because I'm going to talk
to you about this dollar bill in just a couple of minutes. I want you to blot out the eye. This man
right here has the Sharpie. Come up to him when he's done with it. He's going to come up to you
and he's going to say, I want you to take that Sharpie and you blot out the eye because I got to
talk to you. But I'm going to get to that in just a minute because I have a few other things I have
to talk to you about. Just a few other things. Well, I have just actually really one thing, one
simple basic message to share with you this evening. I can actually cut it down to three
words. Three words. And maybe some people don't want to hear those three words, but those three
words right now they are, fuck you.
Bob. Fuck you, Bob. I can extend it to four words. Fuck you, Bob Dobbs. But that's really
belaboring the point. The thing is, is Bob Dobbs is not a representative of a representative
sample of the subgeniusality. We, we are not the peers of Bob Dobbs. We are not
even his pupils. We are nothing like Bob Dobbs. Everybody look at Bob Dobbs tonight. That's one
of the things you may or may not have realized in the course of staring because you're supposed to
do this. I don't know if you people know this, but if you're in the church of the subgenius,
you've got to look at the Dobbs head once in a while. But when you look at the Dobbs head,
eventually it's going to occur to you. That is not me.
Bob Dobbs is nothing like the subgenius and the subgenius is nothing like Bob. The subgenius is not
lucky like Bob Dobbs is lucky. Bob Dobbs makes a million dollars every time he fucks up. I fuck up
all the time and I still haven't gotten my million dollars.
The subgenius is not good looking like Bob Dobbs. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to do that. The subgenius is not good looking like Bob Dobbs. The subgenius is not rich like Bob Dobbs. Bob Dobbs has so much money that he doesn't need things like money. Bob Dobbs has true wealth. He also has infinite slack. So things like money, he doesn't really even understand. That doesn't prevent him from making money.
He doesn't understand the tremendous quantities of money. But Bob Dobbs doesn't understand money. So we're not rich like Bob. We're not popular like Bob. We're not lucky like Bob. We're not good looking like Bob. We don't party with the rich and the famous like Bob Dobbs does. Bob Dobbs lives a very, very different life than you and I.
Frankly, Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs is kind of boring. Bob Dobbs wears a tie and I don't mean to detract from man in any way when I say that because man does wear a tie. But Bob Dobbs wears a tie all the time. Have you ever seen Bob Dobbs without a tie on? And do you know what a tie is? A tie is a noose. A tie means you are tied.
A tie means you are tied.
A tie means you are tied.
The subgenius don't care about you. The grays don't care about you. The conspiracy. Well, the conspiracy at least knows you exist, but I wouldn't exactly say they have your best interests in mind.
And what about the church of the subgenius? Does the church of the subgenius care about you?
I can't.
I can't actually answer that question unless you've paid your $30. And maybe you have paid your $30. Maybe you have renounced the works of the conspiracy. Maybe you do fuck them that cannot take the jokes.
Maybe you have pulled the wool over your own eyes. Maybe you do not settle. You do not settle for not understanding.
Maybe you have pulled the wool over your own eyes. Maybe you do not settle for not understanding.
You say, I want too much because I am a subgenius and too much is better than not enough.
Well, let me tell you, there's an old lesson and the Buddha taught this lesson and I hate to bring other religions into it because I hate them just as much as I hate Bob Dobbs, but I'm going to bring it in.
The Buddha, he said, do not mistake. Do not mistake the Buddha's finger for the moon at which it is. Do not mistake the Buddha's finger for the moon at which it is. Do not mistake the Buddha's finger for the moon at which it is.
Do not mistake the Buddha's finger for the moon at which it is. Do not mistake the Buddha's finger for the moon at which it is.
These are tools. We take them. We use them. We set them aside and then we sell them to other people for more than we paid, right?
We sell them to what? Suckers, right?
We're suckers too though, right?
I mean, I hate to be the one to point this out, but the deal didn't go through.
The exists, they didn't show, or if they did show, they sure as hell didn't take me because I'm right here and no offense to most of the people in this room, but this doesn't exactly look like a pleasure saucer to me.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And now, a lesson from Paul Carr.
Language lesson number 14. Please listen quietly so that you may repeat.
I'm going to school to learn to dispense bathroom products for a major corporation.
I would like some of that chicken. Give it here.
I'm willing to pay with Federal Reserve notes.
from a friendly western nation nearest you.
Dear General Vasquez,
I have decided to become your special friend.
It will be different this time, not like before.
Granny never had nothing on Joey Two Fingers,
so the law caught up with us in Tupelo.
We finally scored enough PCP to break out of jail.
We ate beans and cornbread while we were on the lam.
Grandpa had a head full of methamphetamines
when he broke into the paint store in Jackson.
My corporation is one of the largest in the country,
and I have one of the biggest houses in town.
Do I look good in my new church choir robe?
It makes me feel special.
I purchased it at a leading retail outlet in your local community,
but I stole the shoes in Florida.
I support the religion of my choice
and encourage you to do the same.
Just make sure you can still use it.
You'll meet me in the clock tower with your deer rifle.
Arbeit macht frei.
Scheiß Kopf, mein Kampf.
Diesel ist mein Kopf.
Meine Buttsplitter ist eine Buttsplitter.
Das Sudetthandland ist mein.
Nein.
Ich habe das Sudetthandland.
Nein.
Gehen Sie aus.
Dieser Land ist mein Land.
Gehen Sie aus.
Ist Treblinka oder Auschwitz vor Sie?
Das ist ausgezeich.
In 1861,
Johnny Everett fought in the Civil War,
which he started himself in his own garage.
Johnny was twice decorated and eventually remodeled.
My next-door neighbor likes to run his lawnmower early in the morning.
Soon, this will cost him his life.
Hello Zippy.
Don't be afraid.
Just get out of the car.
Do you know General Vasquez?
He's excited to meet you.
Mr. Weinstein was calling us about the rent.
When we drove off the side of the bridge outside of Tunica.
I was the only survivor of that gruesome crash, but we got the rent paid on time.
Although when we got home, my son-in-law had burned the place down on purpose.
I recently purchased a giant motorcycle and all the latest bike apparel.
It is very loud, but I enjoy showing off on Sunday when people want to relax in the quiet.
I hope no one drops me with some piano wire.
I love getting my welfare check.
It's great.
On the first of the month, I go down to the Pier 1 and just go crazy.
I want to visit the South sometime.
They say the blues music is great down there.
I love blues music.
I also like the sound of my washing machine.
A very good class today.
You are much better than that other bunch of retards.
That amazing little guy is a great guy.






The last little piece there was by Paul Carr.
You can get more of that at www.groovehandle.com.
And now, Philo, Howell, and Don Joyce taking over the Puzzling Evidence show on KPFA at Berkeley.
That's a stubby index finger now, right?
It comes from stubby K.
Hollywood vet.
Tapping out a code.
That stubby index finger looking like a toad.
You don't need to make explicit what should be implicit.
We may be sending out coded signals, but we should not actually refer to it.
Remember that movie, Evil Roy Slade with John Astin?
Yes, Evil Roy Slade.
Another role model for today's disaffected youth.
Today's tormented teens need to look to an authority figure of some kind.
Evil Judge Roy Slade.
You do remember the song Stubby Index Finger as sung by Artie Johnson and Mickey Rooney?
Well, I remember the ad for Six Finger, an artificial finger which infants could use to confound their peers and superiors.
Mickey Rooney, a character in Evil Roy Slade, had worn his finger.
I even remember the theme song associated with licensing and sales of that particular product.
Well, they call them telegraph operators.
And he had tapped out a code to such a degree that he had worn his finger down to the second knuckle.
A pale shadow of his former self with worn fingers eliciting stares of pity from anonymous passers-by.
They called it the Stubby Index Finger.
But I call it a damn shame, a waste of good premium talent.
And another subgenius, a possible god upon this earth, goes down into garbage-strewn ignominy.
Ignominy.
Ignominy.
Yep.
I've been in ignominy before.
And ignomaxi, too.
Have you been to ignominy? That's in Oklahoma, isn't it?
Well, I went to ignominy falls, you know, where they have the mounds.
The Indian mounds, right?
Yeah, it was an Indian mound. I went up on it and I fell off.
And you did it while you were up on it, right?
Oh, that's why I went up on it, but I dood it after I fell off.
And she was with you that one time.
I say, leave her out of it.
Well, that's what she said, too. Leave me out of it. You couldn't stop.
It seems I hear the voices of disembodied phantoms whispering sinful secrets in my ears, calling me, and tempting me to leave the safe confines of this brightly lit warm room and advance after them into outer darkness.
In other news, a suitcase was stomped on.
By an ape I saw on TV.
A hideous ape.
The hideous ape that's within all of us.
With its fur bristling and its moist fur.
And its nostrils palpitating.
Reverend Howe, you have a hideous ape within you, just as I do.
Yes, as Dr. Henry Jekyll proved, the inward primitive, the enactment of the libido in the phenotype is always waiting to burst forth in an absurdly rapid morphogenesis or lycanthropic transformation.
I feel like once a day, libido, rapidly executing the libido is a good thing to do.
For many years, alchemists have asked themselves where the enormous source of energy needed to force the lycanthropic transformation may be located.
And where is that spot, that physical location within the human body?
Modern double-domed scientists point with pride to the peen gland, latest discovery and source of this mysterious transformative energy.
The mysterious peen gland.
Ah.
Sometimes the peen gland goes, well, a little haywire.
And not to be confused...
And you have terrible evolutionary accidents like Gregor Samsa, who transformed utterly far beyond his capacity and became...
And that's not to be confused with the peen worm.
The peen worm is an early stage of the formation and in general goes through several other metamorphic states.
This is great, Dr. Howe.
I can do rim shots.
These are the wrong slides.
I'm terribly sorry.
This is supposed to be the life cycle of the peen worm.
Can you say rim shot on the radio?
I don't know where these slides came from.
I think that's one of the bad words, rim shot.
They're most interesting though.
Rim something.
That's what they call this activity.
Something about a rim.

Really, it is unfortunate.
I don't know where these slides came from, but...
Is that a slide?
I thought that...
Oh.
I thought that was...
Now I'm going to...
Something far worse.
...fame more for shot slides.
Well, now I'm going to...




...put the ends of the microscope closer toward the slide and we will see come into
focus the mitochondria and the rubroid bodies at the end of spiroglobulus replicating internally
until fainting in coils...
Wow, look at them fainting.
...stephosis is achieved.
Look at them fading in coils.
Now the cell membrane divides multiple...
I'm sorry.


...supplies and conquers and another stapotic essence is released.
Stapotic essence is one which you can create your own psychoactive tones within your head
by...
The act of...
...minority...
...generating...
...or psychogenic...
...alpha pacing the triple...
...it is simple to explain.
...stillness that you can explore...
Here we see three ordinary meters of light.
...from within your own mind.
The one on the left...
...will call the control...
...place where...
...the control...



...where the body...
...meets...
...the eye...
...as it were.
Yes, friends, stephosis, where the body meets the eye and behind the ear where it's been
hearing this horrible show, Hour of Slack.
Friends, you can get more information about the Hour of Slack from www.subgenius.com.
Praise the amino acids for that background music.
Oh yes.
And you can reach Bob by writing for free information from Post Office Box 204206, Austin,
Texas 78720.
Or write www.subgenius.com.
I'm a mountain man.
Look at me shoot this here beaver.
See?
Wow.










I did it. I'll eat it with some corn pone. Ain't no woman could hold me down. It's the mountain life.
