...match your face into the snow like that one aerial skier did, you know what I mean?
And off we go into the song of Hiawatha, and I'll be back.
Hey, my name is Chaz, and this is...
The Self-Genius Hour of Swag.
Oh, smokes!
I mean, is there anything in this office which doesn't violate Contraband Ordinance 22?
And...
And silver!
The old Union Hall ballroom is packed with suffocating, sweating bodies.
Grungeoids, hippies, nouveau punks, even suits from age 15 to 50 mingle together, linked only by non-conformism.
Some young ladies aren't wearing much at all.
On stage, prancing and waving his arms frantically,
a bespecified...
A tactical, wild-haired man in a white disco prom tux extols the crowd to quit their jobs.
Armageddon, or X-Day, is at hand.
To show that we're all just killing time till X-Day, he raises a hammer and begins smashing watches, clocks, sundials.
In approval, the crowd roars back.
And...
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob.
Yes, dear friends, X-Day.
July 5th, 1998, when alien spacecraft will destroy the Earth and kill or enslave its inhabitants.
Except Church of the Subgenius followers.
They will be found safely aboard the space vessels of the sex goddesses.
Protected and in a constant state of...
Orgasmonicism.
The Church of the Subgenius has been grabbing media attention for over a decade.
Confusion about what it stands for keeps the myth of the bizarre cult alive.
Refusing to discredit cult watch reports, the Church adds to the confusion,
offering a conversion pitch instead of explanations.
The Church's

The Church's own
Slack, likened to a retarded form of grace or Zen Satori,
is granted by the Church's martyred, traveling saint.
Salesman messiah, Bob Adabs.
Subgeniuses with slack enjoy a life of condoned hedonism.
Encouraged to explore aliosexuality, xenophilia, and alter consciousness.
Or not.
They challenge the normal conspiracy of mundane existence.
In short, quit your day gig, cut the soles off your shoes,
and learn to play the FLUTE!
Take me with an enchanted advertisingゲーム
Interact,
原唱
Oh, great cartoon music of the past.
As brought to you now for a limited time only by Frogstick Enterprises.
Only $9.95 for these nine CDs.
Great cartoon music of the past.
Oh, boys and girls, it's my special honor.
It's my special honor tonight to introduce to you
Brain Rock Radio Theater with special guests,
Reverend Ivan Stang and...
Princess We Are Dole.
Princess We Are Dole.
Queen of all the UFOs.
Including the hoaxes,
hallucinated UFOs,
and the authentic silvery disks,
the huge clouds, the ones that look like clouds,
the ones that look...
look like World War I biplanes,
the Foo Fighters,
and those things you see when you look at the sun too long.
Can I start?
You know them things that you see out of the corner of your eye?
Out in the woods?
Sparkling lights.
Them things under your bed?
They're really there, floating.
The lights dripping down.
They're eating into your auditory canal right now.
Drip by drip by drop.
Chewing away at your eardrum tympanic membrane.
Like tiny little frap weasels with sharp muscular fangs.
Scratching and scratching.
Right on the surface of your eardrum.
And those tiny bones inside your ear.
So tiny that it requires a magnifying glass to see them.
Those things are getting onto those bones and gnawing them with their tiny jaws.
Like the contents of a little gree-gree bag filled with cat bones.
So are the bones of our ears.
Look.
Feels kinda good, don't it?
I can't do anything anymore.
I can't do it.
Well, for only $20 more, you can hear the alternate version of this broadcast.
The one with all the cuss words and Howard Stern and all that bad stuff.
You can see the beauty pageant and everything.
Only $20.
Pay-per-view.
And if you didn't send that $20 in, you've got no business listening.
At all.
So we assume that everyone listening has indeed sent in their $20 to the radio station.
And therefore they know what sort of content is going to be in this programming.
And it's understood it's after 9 o'clock at night, isn't it?
Yes.
It's after 8 o'clock in the morning, too.
And...
Look at that.
And...
So?
Tonight's show was brought to you by the disease leprosy.
And I think that's it.
Can we go now?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.

No.












No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
the comfort of our society only to spew hostility at the very bosom that they have relinquished.
There was a time when we used to look upon these scraps as rather pathetic and relatively
harmless.
Now they have a leader.
Mr. Friendly seems relentless in his ambition to infect our harmony with his venom.
That's great.
You, give me a more, bro.
Yes, of course, right away.

What's a mob room?
Just cigarette, any cigarettes.
Uh, smoking is not good for you, and it's been deemed that anything not good for you
is bad, hence illegal.
Alcohol, caffeine, contact sports, meat.
Are you shit?
John Spartan, you are fined one credit for a violation of the verbal morality statute.
Oh yes, dear friends, and uh, oh yes, it's so, so, uh, well familiar to be back to the
land of the living dead again.
Been on the road for a couple of weeks preaching, just doing the usual preaching, just trying
to save a few souls and turn them over to Bob.
Hell, as far as I'm concerned, you can let Bob keep them.
Bye.
I sure don't want them.
Well, maybe some of them.
Maybe a few off the top.
Some of the ones we want are you, friends.
You, the listeners.
Because you're not ditto heads.
You're the exact opposite of ditto heads.
No matter what your politics are,
the last thing you're going to do is ditto somebody else.
Even if they're right.
You're just not going to go along with it.
So, because you're that kind of person,
I want you to do what I tell you to and go out and vote.
Here in Dallas, Texas, anyway,
we've got a little election coming up.
And, you know, Bob Dobbs always runs for world overlord
or county clerk.
So, if you see Bob there under county clerk,
you know what to do.
Actually, in the statewide final election in November,
there will be a subgenius running
for county clerk on the libertarian ticket,
which is the closest thing to patriopsychotic
and narco-materialism,
as preached by that man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
So, that's Reverend Jeff Neely.
And we'll probably be bringing...
Reverend Neely's been dreaming up some...
a form of slacktivism that I think
many of you may be interested in.
Hopefully, we can share that with you next week.
But we're just still...
cooperating.
I had a real good time up in Ohio,
especially when I got to the brain rot part.
And, in fact, most of this show tonight
will be a replay of a delightful evening
spent at WCSB in Cleveland
with Brain Rot Radio Theater,
sponsored by ESO Radio
and featuring that anything-for-a-laugh duo...
Lonesome Cowboy Dave
and Psycho...
Psychopath Finder
and Scabby Days.
And this time,
another radio play,
but this time featuring
J.R. Bob Dobbs himself,
as played by Dave DeLuca,
and Connie Dobbs,
as played by Princess We Are Dull.
But first,
I have to...
I must share something with you.
We'll put on some more appropriate...
Ah, yes.
It's so lovely.
I saw the most wonderful sight today.
And, uh...
I'm hurting.
I'm hurting all over.
And I really more...
I don't want to be doing this show.
I want to go to sleep.
But it was a marvelous sight indeed.
My doctor and I were biking out by White Rock Lake,
and it was such a beautiful day.
And we were tooling along the spillway.
Well, struggling along...
totally exhausted, really.
But reading all the graffiti.
This concrete spillway is just smathered with paint.
And I gotta admit,
I was hoping to see some.
And sure enough,
there was the Bob graffiti.
And I hope whatever kids did that graffiti
are listening tonight.
They should be proud.
Bless their hearts.
And what they spray painted on the wall
reveals a lot about what kind of subgeniuses these are, too.
It read,
in the...
in Dazzling Day Glow Red,
it read,
Bob saves,
and praise Bob,
and had a little smiley face with a backward pipe,
and hieroglyphs and things.
And then it said,
Hemp 100%
and Bob normal.
Normoo, without the A.
And then the final thing sprayed in that handwriting was,
Jeff plus me.
Mindy equals dope.
And we thought that was so romantic.
So sweet.
And also along that spillway,
there's a long stretch of footprints
that Bob himself left up on the precarious railing,
where he walked barefoot through some green paint,
and then up a wall,
along the top of this wall,
death-defying wall,
and then straight down the wall,
like an M.C. Escher painting,
and then off into the...
dirt where he left his...
uh...
spore.
And, uh, friends,
that made me feel so good to be alive,
since I'd heard I was dead.
Uh, in fact,
most of the guests at this year's Winter Star up in Ohio
were dead,
dead people.
The, uh, Association for, uh,
Consciousness Exploration,
or Explanation, I'm sorry,
group there in Cleveland holds these events,
and this year they were gonna have, uh,
Timothy Leary,
and Robert Anton Wilson,
and me,
or your, your dear host and prayer partner,
Reverend Ivan Stang,
and Mourning Glory Zell
of the Church of All Worlds,
that's a, that's a sexy church, friend,
and, um, Isaac Bonowitz, the Druid King,
and a bunch of other guests,
and we all knew, we all knew that Timothy Leary was dead,
cause the Moody Blues said so,
but on top of that, he got pneumonia,
and canceled,
and,
what?
They're trying to get through again.
It's, they're,
they always, they always do this,
right in the middle of the shows.
I never should have had that dream
about being abducted by aliens.
That's how they do it.
They make you think it was a dream.
Well, I'm gonna ignore it.
Um, anyway, later on, uh, last week,
people, just about the time I was leaving town,
people started calling the Subgenius Foundation
from all over the country,
bemoaning how Robert Anton Wilson,
the author of Illuminatus,
one of our Bibles,
and, and our Pope Bob,
had died too.
Uh, and I got to Ohio,
and found Pope Bob Wilson
basking in all the attention that he'd gotten as a dead man.
Uh, hundreds of people had sent flowers and condolences to his wife,
and he swears he didn't start the rumor himself,
but then, wouldn't he?
And then there was a rumor that Sister Tonya Squared
had lost her mind and stabbed me dead, dead,
and tried to eat my brains.
That was all part of an actual rumor,
and that she was now in the rubber room.
And all of that one is true, except that I didn't die.
And I was one of the lucky ones, friends.
Many have.
Uh, this last month has, uh,
been a few years or so.
I don't know, I think the conspiracy virus implant
was probably most obvious with Zappa.
But then you had Jack Kirby.
Jack Kirby, man!
Like, the greatest of great comic book artists.
Uh, he died.
And Bill Hicks!
Bill Hicks died!
Finally, a comedian comes along that I can mighty like,
and he up and dies.
And, man, it just ain't fair.
It's like somebody killing John Lennon
and leaving Paul McCartney there to pimp and twitter.
And, uh, who else?
That mighty, weird filmmaker, Derek Jarman.
He snuffed it.
And Papa John Creech at some point in there.
And Dinah Shore!
I mean, my God, we used to launch her wrists back in 76!
And Bob. Bob died.
And Red. Red. Red's dead.
And Benny. Benny died.
And they caught Lucius, man!
What's this world coming to?
Well, actually, it is coming to Portland, dear friends.
The universal subgenius...
Oh, this should be... I'll turn up the Christian music.
The universal subgenius pilgrimage to Portland, Oregon, USA.
July 5th, 1994 is coming up.
Uh, it'll be beyond Doc Stock.
Now, you won't be ruptured by the aliens on that day, probably.
Um, but, uh, but, but you should to find out how and where and...
Well, you know when. It's July 5th.
And you know where. Portland, Oregon.
But to know anything else, you have to send one dollar to, uh, for information.
And you got that pencil ready, friends?
This ain't my address.
This is the secret address to get to the secret subgenius pilgrimage site.
July 5th, this year.
Right to Nen's Low.
Nen's Low.
Box 86582.
That's 86582.
Box 86582.
Portland, Oregon.
97286.
That zip code, once again, 97286.
For... and make sure, you know, not to leave out the important part of that.
Uh...
The Missile.
July 7th, this year, uh, Nen's Low will be having an amazing...
Would you please get out of here?
Situation in Portland, Oregon.
That's right. It's the subgenius event of the century.
We're having a sort of pre-preparatory version of X-Day.
The Conestoga wagons are gonna be a-rumblin' toward Portland.
And a million little monsters.
Little monsters.
Nemecode leading the parade of little monsters.
And the creatures that walk like men.
Creatures of the twilight.
Between Earth and the upper levels of hell.
It was...
Huge.
And when there was no more room in hell...
It was like a monster.
The subgenius of the...
A monster man!
I'm having this argument. A monster. And I want you to settle it once and for all, sir.
I'm sure you thought you saw, uh...
Yeah, you know...
What it is that you just said that you thought you saw.
But, you know, the human mind's a funny thing.
It plays strange tricks.
Um, what about these nightmares?
You were just having a nightmare.
Remember, little imaginations wander too far.
Upstairs there was a dental office and you...
But I saw Martian down in the old station!
Billy was the dentist and Billy was the nurse and...
Try to sedate him, nurse.
He always slips back to remembering these events of sixty years ago.
If we could just bring his mind forward into the present,
we have some chance of reaching through that strange barrier,
which is keeping one of the most brilliant minds of the century
locked up in that wasted body.
Okay.
Okay, all right, you got that? Test Monday.
Oh, okay, results of nightmares.
You got a hint here on the results of nightmares.
I kinda like my nightmares because I wake up from those.
Okay, tell us your nightmares.
And then it's all right. Oh, no, I'd never do that.
You hear her!
Yeah, are we having bad dreams?
May I ask you a question?
Yes, ask a question about your bad dreams.
Can you tell me what I was in your previous life?
Oh, Dr. Howell, that's for you.
Oh, but the equipment isn't set up.
Well, I could, I suppose, just throw pins into a map or something.
What you were in what previous life?
God, do you know?
Which life was it?
I mean, what are you talking about?
In the human era?
Yeah.
Keep having bad dreams.
The human era.
Oh, boy, even so, it's awfully hard to pin down.
Okay, how's it gonna be?
I'm just reading, then we'll get the money and get out of here.
Yeah, right.
Hold on, just let me have the...
Oh, okay.
Oh, that thing's broken.
Don't worry about the sound effects.
That wouldn't fool anybody.
Okay, just a moment.
Here, let me get into my costume.
You dally it.
Well, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry to keep you waiting like this, but, you know, I need certain equipment that I just can't get hooked up and working in a fragment of a second.
Well, here you are.
All right, there you are.
Okay.
All right.
That's easy.
Where am I?
Well, you are on the South Sea Island.
Oh, this is the South Sea Island.
It has to be...
A teenager.
Then you get eaten by a shark.
My address is right on the...
But you had a good life.
That's okay.
So, what can I say?
This was in 1848.
What did you say?
What food is there?
I don't know who that might be.
I do.
Well, then, you are...
You know more than I about that mysterious earlier existence.
Oh, I'm terribly sorry.
And I suppose you saw that they discovered the missing link between whales and land apples.
Yeah.
Here come the land apples now, rolling toward the whales at incredible speed, the stems whipping along, taking out whole forests.
Holy cow.
And the whales snap them up because all modern whales are...
Cracks, boom, and...
Evolved from carnivorous...
The apples disappear into the waves.
They're like little kids, but they're not as peaceful as we've all been led to believe.
Fifteen million years ago, a strange proto-whale splashed in the ocean.
And what we didn't know fifteen million years ago was the whales were making wheels for land to carry their mass across the land.
And they'd flap their little flippers like wings and they could whip down the interstate highways and start eating all the orchards and starve land out.
One interesting prehistoric whale, which may actually even exist in the present day, is the Bessarabian.
This whale was found with a headset, indicating there must have been another headset communicating with it.
But let us go back to the news.
Scientists cite hunting by humans in many extinctions during Ice Age.
You know, I just...
It's, uh, San Francisco.
Hunting by humans caused most of the extinctions of Ice Age creatures, such as the woolly mammoth.
University of Arizona paleontology...
Now what would an Arizona paleontologist know about a woolly mammoth?
Anyway, mammoth and other elephant species began going extinct in Eurasia seventy thousand years ago.
The last mammoth group to go...
Oh, this is kind of interesting.
The last mammoth group to go...
A species of pygmy mammoths, pipe-smoking pygmy mammoths that lived on Wrangel Island in the Siberian Arctic,
lasted until just four thousand years ago.
Well, we can suck their blood out of their frozen carcasses and clone them.
In America, however, Ice Age animals disappeared far more quickly.
Not only mammoths, but saber-toothed cats, giant armadillos, and camels all suddenly disappeared about eleven thousand years ago.
And that's when the people got here.
Friends, they just, you know, you give them half a chance, and they'll refuse to rename Highway 666.
State highway officials in Gallup, New Mexico see no reason to rename U.S. Highway 666,
just because of a claim that the number refers to the Antichrist in the Bible.
Uh, the issue arose after an Indiana man, obviously with very little else to do,
wrote one of his U.S. senators wondering why New Mexico didn't change the highway's evil name.
The department said in a news release that 666
has been a name for a long time.
And that's a definite issue, because the book of Revelation uses it as the number of the best, of the beast.
Now, the number of the pest, dear friends, is 999.
Multiply that by three, friend, see what you get.
Uh, they didn't feel that when U.S. 666 was named, that it had anything to do with Revelation.
And, uh, I should, this is an ad,
I should, I should do,
that I should have done a long time ago.
Some of, all of you listeners, I'm sure, are readers of the book,
High Weirdness by Mail,
uh, a subgenius production, uh, published by Simon & Schuster,
which, uh, describes all the kookiest crackpot weirdos.
You know, don't you just think weirdos are weird?
Well, uh, we, we know them all,
and we listed some of them.
Unfortunately, that listing was five years ago,
and the book's really out of date.
Five years? That's six, seven years ago.
And, um, but, there is a magazine out,
actually, there's several magazines that come close to being a monthly version of High Weirdness by Mail,
but get your pencils ready, because I'm gonna give you the address of this new magazine,
Asylum for Shut-ins.
Uh, done out of, uh, Cleveland,
by our good friend, uh, Reverend Cole,
who runs the Hour of Slack,
is running the Hour of Slack right now in future time,
at, uh, about 9.30 in, uh, maybe a little, about 9.35, ain't it?
In, uh, on 89.3 FM.
Only it's in Cleveland.
Anyway, here's the address for Asylum for Shut-ins,
and, uh, the sample issue is $2.50, $2.50,
and the, uh, the, uh, subscription, uh,
the subscriptions are $9,
but the address to write is
Asylum for Shut-ins,
P.O. Box 46581.
I'm gonna do that one again.
But once again, this is not our address.
This is the address of, uh,
a list, a magazine, a profusely illustrated magazine,
which most sarcastically, uh, shows you how to,
to get free stuff from just, uh,
the craziest people.
And what, that's once again, Box 46581.
46581 in Bedford, Ohio.
Bedford.
You can spell it Bedford, Ohio.
Uh, 44146.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm.
Well, we see here, P.O. Box 46581,
Bedford, Ohio, 44146.
And, um, of course, I have to plug this wonderful magazine.
They, they, uh, plug us all the time
and, and quote us and, and, uh, what?
Oh, oh, no, the record's dead.
The record died.
Can't leave silence for but even a second on this show.
Um, so, yeah, tune in to Asylum for Shut-ins.
There's a nice picture of a, of an arm cautioning,

cautiously reaching out of its door to its mailbox,
removing, uh, issue of Paranoid magazine.
Um, they'll tell you how to get in touch with, uh,
uh, crazy Christians,
the nuttiest, most hate-filled Christians,
um, weird art zines,
oh, Aryan nations,
uh, blah, blah, blah,
the Holy Temple of Mass Consumption.
That's a subgenius spinoff.
The, Joe, Joe Bob. There's Joe Bob Briggs,
we're interested in there.
All sorts of strange and, and, uh,
the kind of stuff that, that you mighty like.
Now, what next?
Last half of show, finally,
we will go to, uh, once again to Cleveland for
to rot our brains, for to rot
with brain rot, uh, radio theater.
Uh, we'll just, what? What, what?
What you say there's still a little bit more?
Well, here's what we'll do.
To finish out this side of show.
Oh, by the way, in the background,
you are hearing, um, uh, Stravinsky's Rites of Spring
compressed into two and a half minutes by John Oswald.
And now I would like to introduce Jim Stockdale,
our vice presidential candidate.
Who am I? Who am I? Who am I?
I, uh, I've got to read the reason this re...
Uh...
To be any more specific, but we're...
We can't get this, uh, in my brain.
That's one thing, I'm an insider.
Let's get on with talking about something sub-synced.
And that is to do with...
Got it.
...leads and every nuance to them.
And we can't get this in my brain.
I, uh, in this record, uh, but, uh,
to be any more specific,
got it massaged by brain, massaged by brain.
Massaged by brain.
Uh, more, uh, I think.
Start over and, uh, you know, I love this planet,
and I wanted to stay here, but, but, uh,
you've got to have leaders, and I, they're out there.
You know, when I was, I, I ran a civilization for several years.
We had our own laws.
We had our own, practically our own constitution.
And I put up, I was the beginning of wisdom.
But, uh, I think, uh, that should be, uh,
I with great suspicion.
I tried to analyze human predicaments
in that microcosm of, uh, life in the, in the, in the world.
And I found out that when I really got down
to putting out do's and don'ts,
and lots of these included,
take torture for this and that and this and that,
you got some double meaning there,
but they all understood, and, and that's important.
Well, uh,
I'm out of ammunition, ammunition, ammunition.
That's from, uh, Vavum, a tape,
taped by Vavum,
which is actually Reverend Scott Orsi,
uh, up, uh, Chicago Way.
And now...
Mm, mm, mm, mm.
Uh, Leuters and, uh, Germans.
Uh, swineers and swineerikers.
It is with great pride tonight.
That Brainrot Radio Theater,
under the flaccid banner of ESO Radio,
and guided by the unseen hands
of the Church of the Subgenius,
presents a radio drama milestone.
Or perhaps a millstone around our scrawny necks.
At any rate, after years of relentless search,
found in a basement,
storeroom and radio station,
K-Pox, Topeka, Kansas,
here is the historic pilot show
of The Misadventures of Bob and Connie,
starring Bob and Connie Dobbs
as America's favorite
cosmo-misogynistic dog puppets and avatars.
And listen closely also for cameo performances
by the Reverend Ivan Stang,
a budding child star,
the Princess Wiardo,
also lonesome cowboy Dave,
the Psychopath Finder,
and Scabby Dave,
and a host of others afflicted with
hirsutism and deformed larynxes.
This pilot, although an incredible success
throughout the Midwest,
was horribly censored
by the McCarthy subcommittee on unusual behavior.
So without further a doodle-do,
the last episode,
the M.A. of Bob and Connie Dobbs
as first heard February 26, 1954.
But first, this message.
Hi, folks.
Hiroshima Schwartz
for Hiroshima Schwartz's
Miniature Nuclear Weapons Warehouse.
Home of the Mini-Meg,
the Pocket Thunder,
and many other fine, small, low-megaton nukes
that fit in your purse or pocketbook.
And what am I doing here
at Helsinki Station in Moscow
instead of our beautiful air-conditioned warehouse?
Well, I'm sure not waiting for V.I. Lenin.
I'm waiting for the latest arms shipment
from the troubled Yarrow Mountains.
Yes, at Hiroshima Schwartz,
we know the best deals come straight off the train,
with no Russian mafia middlemen.
Lots of American arms dealers
go hunting in the former Soviet Union
and don't come back.
But at Hiroshima Schwartz,
we bribe enough officials in one month
to bring you year-round savings.
Mr. Schwartz,
the conductor would like a half-day word for you.
Your egg baskets and icons have arrived.
Car 54.
Oh, thank you, Officer Krupke,
you friendly Russian official.
Here's 5,000 rubles.
Buy your family a loaf of bread.
And yet you vote, Krupke.
Anyway, folks,
Hiroshima Schwartz
Miniature Nuclear Weapons House,
Weapons Warehouse,
where we go to the source.
No middlemen.
Hiroshima Schwartz is literally blowing up
the competition.
.
.
S u were going to America
And practice with the US
How'd you end it?
For premier where frickin' takes you
To get on you
and spousy in The Misadventures of Bob and Connie Dobbs!
Featuring Bob and Connie!
And they're live and stank as Bob's well-worn suitcase.
Okay!
It's the morning before the Senate subcommittee hearings
on unusual behavior.
Senator McCarr Trouble and Senator Foghat Legirons
have summoned Bob.
Bob!
Uh-oh!
La la la la.
Bob!
I still can't find your glow-in-the-dark boxer shorts
or hand-painted tie with the many glowing heads of knee-gee.
Bob!
Damn!
Drunk or frapped again.
What's this?
The pages of Bob's Betty Page photo splash all dog-eared,
all soggy and slimy like greasy fried chicken.
Roman, I mean Bob,
I think Little Ivan's been clicking your castanets
and what have you done to its eyes?
Connie, how many times have I told you
not to interrupt me while this pipe is burning?
Have you heard the one about the, uh,
the one who was asked if he stopped beating his wife?
Ow! Ow!
Bob!
Poop-eyes!
No!
Oh!
Hey, hey, Dad!
Dad!
Dad!
Hello, Dad!
The price grids are growing!
I'm glad I killed all those sea monkeys
and got with something with some fight in them.
Dad!
Dad!
You're drunk again!
Bob, you're all gagged up too!
He's not.
He's not your dad, Ivan.
Stop torturing me.
Stop torturing me.
Stop torturing me, Connie.
You like it?
You knew those high heels were two sizes too small.
Oh, gee, Mom and Dad, can't we ditch this slather
and get to the part where I eat the whole can of Crisco?
How many times must we tell you
we're not your parents?
Your fictionalized radio character,
the kid, the innocent, mischievous gargoyle,
like the voiceover says.
Your luggage, a suitcase, get it?
I hate you, Mommy!
I hate you, Mommy!
Am I hearing the doorknob, Connie?
What am I hearing?
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
The hearings!
Who in the name of Bob Dobbs are you?
Dead!
Oh!
Leg on!
Bob Dobbs!
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Bob Dobbs, got a subpenny for you.
It says you gotta be at the unusual hearing aid
in three minutes or other bits will preempt your show.
How did you know I was wearing a hearing aid?
This moronic is a real one.

My miraculous ear is so small, it actually fits into my brain.
Mine, too.
I can't hear you.
The voice!
The voice of a giant rotisserie gold chicken is telling me to blow my brains out.
Don't try and stop me.
Oh, don't worry.
We won't.
If justice were only this swift in the real world.
Bob,
little Ivan has been issuing your dirty book.
You rotten rat freak bitch!
I'll get even!
That's my Boyle.
All firm and tumescent and ready to pop.
I'll get even with you, too, Dad!
You pipe-smoking talking head!
Have you heard the one about the traveling salesman
who's really a pink, pink, pinko?
Oh, Sam, please.
Explain all those coffee mugs with Joe Stalin's mug on them.
I'm a fictional radio dad.
Ivan, you wouldn't.
Easy on the boy, Mother.
His blood's all hot now.
Oh, yes, I would, you abusive foster-brooks' parents.
I'll tell McCart Trouble and Foghat Leg Irons everything.
The frozen hot dog and the Vaseline orgies
and the saucer crash meal dance
and the sunshine and donuts virtual reality Florida landscape.
And the little chest toupee you wear
to conceal your little shiny sacrum.
Daddy!
Dammit, Pop.
If this little creep goes before the hearings
and tells what he knows, we're broke!
The worst kind is 5 to 20 for defrauding the clergy.
We'll have to kill him.
We can't kill him, Tony. He's not really.
He's a fictional radio character.
I'm outta here!
I'm telling McCart Trouble and Foghat Leg Irons everything.
I'm gonna call the doctor, Winky, and any other name I can think of!
I'm gonna tell them all, and then I'm gonna get you!
No, you! No!
No!
Well, it looks like little Ivan is looking for serious trouble.
And what about the bloated diaphragm in the shower?
Isn't one saucer crash mutant one too many in this modern age?
We'll be back with little Bob and Connie and little Ivan
after these sucking worms from our sponsors.
Now that's rich, rich flavor.
The taste of a frappy strike.
Nine out of ten frozen doctors prefer the rich, harsh flavor of frappy strike.
One hit and Betty garbles away.
Those thighs are within grope.
You're a he-man, all right, so you spoke frappy strike.
The one-hit wonder in six-inch heels.
A sexual smoke for testosterone-laden rugged men.
Hello, everyone.
I'm Betty Garbles for the rich, rich, rich flavor of frappy smoke.
The smoke for blokes who like to poke and croak and make manly jokes
with a rich, rich, rich smoke.
Smoke me sometime.
Right you are, Betty Garbles, star of radio, stage, screen and television.
For horny he-men, it's rich, rich frappy streak.
Perforated by 999-dum-da-da-toll-trick.
Loved by spies and goons from Topeka to Tashkent.
Frappy strike.
Hello, capitalist, imperialist, pig-dog lackeys of bourgeois class.
This is Ivan Svansky, hated KGB goon.
And I know for certain fact that our beloved onion of shoelaces slavs
is invading America soon.
But first, we blow you up.
So how come you don't got clubhouse fallout shelter?
Everyone in onion of shoes and slaves got its duck clubhouse.
Thick neck military types, evil scientists, even car salesmen got its clubhouse.
Pope got its.
So when Ivan is on smoking roble ready to rape Betty Garbles,
how you gonna breathe without clubhouse fallout shelter?
That's right, Ivan.
Nine out of ten raping Russians say the clubhouse fallout shelter is Russian and fallout proof.
So when the holocaust comes, you won't be smoking roble.
You'll be smoking frappy strikes in your modern all-nuclear-powered clubhouse fallout shelter kitchen.
Betty's right about what Ivan said about what Betty said about what Ivan said.
Clubhouse fallout shelters, a division of Dobbs Industries, Inc.
and the
Well, I wonder what kind of trouble Ivan's cooked up for Bob and Connie.
Let's rejoin them at the knees where they belong at the unusual house hearings.
Mr. Kyle Hand, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, order! Order in the hearing room!
I can't seem to get started, Senator Legg-Irons.
I'm stuck in idle while communists put idle hands to work during the devil's dirty laundry.
I, Senator Joe Blow McCurtain Trouble, will put these communist fellow travelers out of work where they belong.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Order, order!
Now, Mr. Dobbs, will you please extinguish that damn pipe?
The only fellow I travel with, Senator, are fellow traveling salesmen.
And my house is no more unusual than any other red-bloody house in America.
He's right. It's not like we're into frozen hot dogs and saucer crash mutants.
We're exploring orgone, or energy, as a cure for flatulence.

Is that so? Well, I, Senator Foghorn Legg-Irons, have seen too many rocky passages.
I could use something to control my wind.
Communists do not pass gas, Senator. This is no laughing matter.
They're communists! They're communists! Reds! They're reds! I'm their bastard love child, and I know what they do!
Commies! I hate you, Mommy! I hate you, Mommy! Have a safe ride to Leavenworth!
Who is that kid?
Oh, God, no, Bob. Where'd he come from? We're doomed!
Just hold onto my arm, darling. We'll see our way through this.
A little lower. A little lower.
Your Honor, I have proof that these two creeps are agents of the worldwide pinko, pink boy, pink conspiracy!
Oh, I see.
And who might you be?
Talk about children of a lesser god. I'm Bob and Connie Dobbs' fake, rato stepchild!
Oh, my God!
Ivan Stang, the little cute monster who stirs the plot with a big greasy spoon?
That's me, Senator, and these papers I hold are contracts with a corrupt communist official, filed and signed by my pa-mom and pop-bun.
Bob and Connie Dobbs, for 2,000 rent-controlled shares of Clubhouse Call-Out Shelter!
I hate you, Mommy! I hate you, Mommy!
What's he doing?
Well, I see! But is it not true that you are a fictional radio character? Ergo, you do not exist, son!
I don't? Then neither do you!
You're all figment and specters of electromagnetic illusion!
You can't say I'm not real! I'm real, so real, so real!
I hate you, Mommy! I hate you, Mommy!
Ivan! Ivan! Ivan! Wake up! Wake up!
You fell asleep on the couch right during Daddy's big business meeting!
You're so rude! I'd like you to meet Daddy's new business associate, Senator McCartrouble!
Hello, little Ivan! Always pleased to meet a fellow time traveler!
You pick-nosed slut!
You interrupted my train of thought!
Now, when the prairie squids heat up, they're gonna flop and go flash and shoot all the gas out of the poopy sod and the...
Strange boy! Strange boy! Care for a frappy strike?
You need a spanking! A nice, hot, vigorous spanking!
Oh, Mommy! I knew you'd save me!
Well, that's all for the unusual house activities we have time for on the Misadventures of Bob and Connie Dobbs, brought to you by Frappy Stinks, the smoke that Betty Garble smokes with big, hairy-chested man.
Oh, yeah, yeah!
NIE

Well, we're here with the Reverend Ivan Shday.
And...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I had my pause button on. Can we do all that again?
Oh yeah, sure.
Hey, that background music's up too loud!
Pad down the background music, please.
No!
Oh, please, I'm sorry!
Oh, that's fine. Oh, the background music's...
You'll do what I say you'll do.
I love the background music, Chaz.
And whatever you say.
Chaz is getting kind of dominating.
Praise Chaz.
Yeah, but I missed part of it.
Robert Anton Wilson's dead.
I got the first half hour clean.
No, he's dead.
You got the last half hour?
No, Leary has no...
I have the first half hour clean in the last five, ten minutes.
Oh, I'm sorry, let me do that again for you.
Well...
Huh?
Huh? Huh?
Oh, yeah, I turned the...
Yeah, I turned the tape over.
It's just looping over and over and over and over again.
I have to put a new tape in there in the next millennium.
In five minutes.
In five minutes, the old one goes out and that one goes in.
But you have to push the red button and the triangle.
The triangle pointing to the right.
You see, nobody can read anymore.
It's all little pictoglyphs.
Five minutes old.
The red dot means record and the triangle means play.
You got most of the goodness.
Oh, I got all the goodness.
I got all of it.
I got the whole last hour.
Incoming.
I don't know what that really does for us.
I mean, you know...
It does absolutely nothing for us.
What are we documenting?
What are we documenting?
What are we talking about?
It's like, well, you...
Stick it in...
I heard a cool song on the rap show today.
Stick it in, pull it out.
Stick it in, pull it out.
Stick it in, pull it out.
That's a cool song.
That's a stupid song.
Yo!
And I actually caught...
The girl said...
She was telling one of her friends to...
Now that you plant your seed and watch the flower grow.
And I thought that was very poetic.
I thought that was very poetic.


I think that's artistic, you know, because they don't want to be vulgar and low and just
come out and just...
Mention scratching their ovaries.
Yeah, say their feelings out loud.
So they use these subtle poetic, you know, put it in, pull it out.
Stomp my thermal pudding.
Things like that.
Yeah, it's...
You have to...
It's sort of...
They put the message between the lines, you know.
It's good.
It helps the kids' imaginations these days.
But these little lines, these little fissures, aren't they actually the cracks in the human
subconscious, in the collective consciousness?
Well, yeah, but they've been pretty much...
They could be.
...soldered over by MTV, Beavis, you know, TV, school, the concept of jobs.
That's, you know, so they...
That is anathema to your whole being as a reverend of stink.
Jobs, it just...
Well, all you have to do is just smooth over the convolutions.
See, it's not the size of the brain, it's how much wrinkledness there is to it.
I'm wrinkled.
And what we do, we just...
It's not literally sandpaper that we use, but it's sort of a metaphorical or metaphysical...
To smooth it.
...kind of sandpaper to smooth the convolutions down, so your brain is not much smaller than
it was to begin with, but it's very smooth.
Hey, did you hear about the...
It's a smooth brain, and it makes your life go so much smoother without those extra little
crinkly, fiddly bits in it, you know.
It's nice.
Everything's all black and white.
It's like Rush Limbaugh, you know.
Everything's simple.
The complex makes simple.
It's easy to figure out.
It's what every dumb idiot wants to hear.
Hey, Cody, my cell.
It'll sell.
It'll sell.
We're gonna drop this Bob stuff.
It's too complicated, and then...
But Sister Tonya Squared tried to kill us last time, and we just ain't gonna do it no
more.
We're just gonna...
We're going straight...
We're gonna do it like Rush Limbaugh and Howard Stern combined.
We're gonna do it.
Millions.
Millions.
Millions.
Millions.
Millions.
Millions.
Millions.
Millions.
Millions.
We've had enough of overestimating the American public's intelligence.
You said it!
No, sorry.
And besides, they've been killing...
Have you heard all the rumors of war and wars and dead people?
I heard some of the Romanians were dead people, but I didn't know they were going around killing
each other.
They killed Timothy Leary.
He died this weekend.
Well, now, that was a hit.
That was a hit.
An Illuminati hit.
And Robert Anton Wilson was an Illuminati hit too.
Lou...
was involved.
My client, Mr. Monati, is
not at liberty to discuss
these particular hearings.
However, he can discuss the
death of Dinah Shore,
Jack Kirby. Jack Kirby
died a couple of weeks ago, man!
And you're standing here!
You're not weeping! You don't even know who Jack Kirby is!
What about Gloria Ramirez?
Jack Kirby was your...
Jack Kirby was Stan Lee's buddy in the original one!
I don't even know who she is!
She's the one that...
They drew blood out of her, and her blood had
crystals in it, and it made the doctors
and the nurses pass out. You didn't hear that
story? No.
She went in the hospital, and she had cancer of some
sort. And they
took blood out, and they noticed she had crystallized
blood. The crystals in her blood.
The Andromeda strain.
Yeah, that's what I was figuring.
And we'll continue with that story next
week. Actually, we will. And it's
a follow-up story. There have been people
passing out in operating rooms
at
that ammonia-like smells
everywhere.
Probably here pretty soon.
And, well,
we'll try to come back next week.
If you will write for free information
from the Church of the Subgenius.
I should explain that tonight, you've been
listening to, well, in this case,
KNON Dallas,
allowing us to do this show.
Allowing the Church
of the Subgenius to put on
its production by the
Subgenius Foundation, which
in this case was playing
a radio station, WCSB's
show, ESO Radio,
a large segment of
which is Brain Rot Radio
Theater, which at that time
came back around to the Church of the
Subgenius, which you can get
for nothing from
Post Office Box
140306
Dallas, Texas.
Just, I'm going to give that number again,
have that pencil ready, right to
Bob.
Throw a self-addressed stamped
envelope in there, and that address is
Box 140306
Dallas,
Texas
75214
Thank you.
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music

Music
Music
Music




Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music



And then they passed out.
And like seven people got sick from just being exposed to the blood crystals.
Oh, my God.
Stop.
Stop. Close your workbooks and stick your pencils up your...
page.
You are now ready to begin the next part of this fabulous test.
Brought to you by Whittle Communications and McDonald's Hamburgers.
Infotainment is now acting upon the subject.
Yes. Oh, that's her.
She was on last night.
Oh, wait a minute. I'm not on this show.
Thank you.
Will you hold the line, please?
Will you hold the line, please? We have to kill the humans.
You will dial 212 and the telephone number.
Will you talk with anyone?
Yeah, anyone.
Anyone who answers at the...
The mutants.
The mutants of Rania.
Okay, well...
Kill me now or kill me later.
Cool.
And I shall go to dwell
On Zion's hill.
On Zion's hill.
Our singing passenger pauses for just a moment,
perhaps thinking about the gates of pearl that will soon be swinging open wide for him.
He, the pearly gates will open
So that I may enter in
For he purchased my redemption
For he purchased my redemption
And forgave me all my sins
Ladies and gentlemen, darkness seems to be falling about us as the passengers approach the gate of death.
But everyone keeps moving along at a steady pace as if there were a guiding light.
For they are proceeding to the gate of death.
They are proceeding without fear of any kind.
Bob's my friend and he's leading me somewhere
Is he waiting there for me?
Is he waiting for me?
Bob's my friend and he's leading me somewhere
What could be waiting there for me?
What could be waiting for me?
What could stop the aliens from killing me?
What could stop the aliens from killing me?
Let's hope you love me.
Bob can't help me.
He can help.
But will he?
Will he help me?
Got nothing in my face.
Watch my inner guide.
And he's keeping my body.
Keeping my body.
He's even nice to my head.
He's nice.
He's nice to my head.
Watch that little voice.
