Do you want a new body? We can give you one. In fact, we can give you more than one.
For complete blueprints, send $1 to Bob's Body Shop, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Thank you for watching.
The opinions, curses, and implications of his dearest friends and bitter enemies.
In other news, child molesters were discovered to be frequenting the subgenius program.
Yes, child molesters were on the air.
When found.
They molested children by broadcasting their evil message into their ears.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches the heart of every human being.
From the inner mind to the subgenius.
Hour of Squatch.
In answer to your first question, can good Bob quit you a job?
Why, hi, only shite Bob the Dolphin.
Or I'll be gobs of gully gosh.
You better puke your pee on full-throttle pumpkin tea.
Elsewise, your walks will be a wagon down on Mammy's hind nanny.
Get a bow.
Get a bow.
Get a bow.


Get a bow.
Get a bow.


Big Bob.
Get a bow.
Bow bow.
Bow bow.
Get a bow.

Get a bow.
Bow bow bow bob big bow.
Bow.
Bob Gibbons.

Gob, bob.
Bob bobabi.
Big Bob.
Get a bow.
Bob bob.
get a bow.
Get a bow.
Bob bob ab ba bob Sure.
Bob ba bo.
Man, these guys really rock out.
This is Cardinal Synapsis and the In Control Band.
The In Control Gang.
Yes, dear friends, welcome to yet another hour of slack.
And there's like a hot, hot music in the background.
There is a schoolgirl report that's actually soundtrack music from old German softcore porno films.
60s and 70s softcore German porno music background.
That's what we're hearing now.
Where am I?
But we must keep track of all these tapes.
It's getting a little bit cramped around.
It really is.
There's just not enough room or time to put and put and put the tapes.
There's so much putting to do.
And putting of levels there.
Record levels of microphone.
Okay, that ought to work.
And friends, because you see, don't you see?
A subgenius doesn't just look different.
A subgenius doesn't just act different.
A subgenius is different.
In fact, a subgenius is difference itself.
This was a little philosophical note sent in by Dr. Onan Canobite.
He says that sounds familiar and may be attributable to others.
And I think it is.
I think it is attributable to yours truly.
But you know, as Onan says, normals, meaning the normal people, the humans, present company excluded.
The normals mean...
Well, we all know that.
But subgeni mean well.
We're real good at being mean, in fact.
And normals just mean to be mean.
They intend to hate.
But we just plain do it.
They mean to be mean.
But we are mean.
As much as a subgenius is in the now here, normals remain in the nowhere.
See?
It's all a matter of emphasis.
We emphasize mean-ness.
They emphasize meaning.
To emphasize something.
Someday.
Maybe.
It's pathetic and sad and all that.
I think I'm going to stop for a coffee break, actually.
I need some coffee.
Would you like to join me?
I'll be right back.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
That's so much better now.
Ah.
Just taste that liquid false slack, dear friends.
Mm-mm-mm.
What a lovely day to do a show.
Yes, I actually do these usually on Wednesdays.
And now I'm sitting down with you.
And friends, I'm looking at something that makes me so happy.
It's the cover of the...
Um.
Um.
National Enquirer for January 1998.
And it says this wonderful headline,
Kirstie Out of Control.
Yes, and there's a photograph of Kirstie Alley,
that famous Scientologist celebrity,
all bloated up and looking kind of porky.
And you know, friends, I still think she's real cute.
And I wouldn't make fun of a woman because of her weight.
Or a man.
I've been a fat person myself.
For large chunks of my life, so to speak.
But man, I'd love to see a plumped up Kirstie strolling hand in hand.
She's so in love with her guy that she packs on the pounds
by binging and pining when they're apart.
Binging and pining when they're apart.
And you know, friends, I wouldn't even bring this up
except that she's a Scientologist.
And whenever something humiliating happens to someone who uses,
their celebrity to advance the cause of that self-same mind control cult
designed for dumbasses who like to think they're smart.
Of course, that does describe the Church of the Subgenius as well, just perfectly.
But you know, friends, at least we spell it out right there, right up front.
Church of the Subgenius.
Subgenius.
Get that, okay?
Alright?
Alright.
You don't use your mind to think about your religion.
They are two different things.
You think about Bob with your mind, you're gonna go crazy.
You're gonna lose your fuck, what little brains you have, what you're gonna lose.
Don't think about Bob. Feel Bob.
You gotta feel Bob in your heart and in your soul gland.
In your wallet.
You gotta feel him in your most important, longest, thickest organ of your body.
Your wallet.
I'm feeling him in my flared.
It's my favorite one, baby.
I'm feeling him in my bladder and he wants out.
Bob can hide in your bladder.
Bob may be in your bladder right now.
Bob may be, he may go down to those red painted restrooms down there
and listen to the fwish of Bob as he hits that porcelain, as he hits that white porcelain bowl.
And doesn't it feel good to get Bob out?
It felt good to get him in, praise Bob.
And it felt even better.
Even better to get him out.
It's that mighty time, that time of pain.
Sterno and I, my friend Pope Sterno Docs, actually Sterno was supposed to be here to preach.
You know why Sterno, Pope Sterno Docs of Dr. Straboff didn't come to Austin?
You know why Pope Sterno Docs, the lead bass player and singer of Dr. Straboff, original Dr. band,
you know why he didn't get in his car and drive from Little Rock to Austin tonight?
You know what he thought was more important than Bob Dobbs?
Pussy.
If Sterno was a girl, I might be substituting the word dick.
Maybe it is, I don't even know.
Pope Sterno Docs, the greatest subgenius preacher ever just about,
thought that getting him some poon pay
was more important than preaching the word of Bob.
He thought that getting him some was more important than sharing slack and the message of Bob with you people.
Can you believe that a subgenius would consider getting himself laid more important than preaching the word of Bob?
Can you believe that?
That's why Pope Sterno Docs is a pope!
That's why Pope Sterno Docs didn't have to spend his thirty dollars.
But he did anyway.
Ten years ago when it was ten dollars.
Like the little pamphlet says,
get in on the ground floor of a lucrative new cult now while rates are low.
Do you think it's always going to be thirty dollars?
For the next six months?
Or do you possibly think that the richest man in the world,
the Ross Perot's, the Sultan of Brunei himself,
praise the Sultan,
they'll be climbing over each other's backs trying to purchase a membership in the Church of the Subgenius on July 4th, 1998,
at any price!
Any price!
The Sultan will sell Miss America back to America
to get himself on the escape route.
And that's the justice of the sex drive.
The...
Are you ready?
We'll buy her back.
We'll take her.
Use damaged goods.
Sure.
I've been here a month late.
Give me, get my pants wet.
Well, I'm exhausted.
And we probably ought to just dance and have music or something for a while.
What's that?
I'm going to mourn the loss of my tapes for a while.
Oh.
And y'all can...
God, I don't care.
Just do whatever you want.
Just do it.
As a matter of fact, by the power infested in me by Bob Dobbs and all the other gods in the world,
you may now, as of this moment, do anything you want.
Praise Bob.
For what you'd want.
For you don't have to work all day from dusk to dawn.
The only problem is, you're small, or just a fastest bullet with little to nothing in it.


to see what & when that person's working.
Unless that person wasulo sad without giving
Well, I'm just waiting for the darkness to see me.
The world's wandering in heavenly grace.
Well, don't you see that you can't hide your face?
Well, time will pass on and on the way.
Well, I know I always have my way.
Pull that old porno music off and we'll put on something more familiar for me.
It's easy for me to deal with, friends, because I do have a little bit of...
Now...
Here's another thing about this show and computers.
I'm going to do two versions of this show.
Side one will be the same for radio broadcasters and for the internet and the pirate broadcasters.
But side two...
Friends, if you're listening in the United States of America on a plain radio station,
you will hear a side two that I guess will just be a rerun of some older show.
People listening on the internet and on the five pirate stations and in Canada,
the two Canadian stations,
will hear the complete...
cuss-filled ranting from Austin by Dr. Leguim,
which I cannot take the time to edit the cuss words out of for the rest of y'all.
That's just the way it's going to be.
It's going to have to be that way.
Now, things...
Friends, I need to prophesy here for a second,
and then we'll go on deeper into funnier stuff.
But...
People often ask,
well, Reverend Stang, what will this or that be like after X day?
I know for us subgenius,
subgeniuses who own subgenius ministers' cards,
we don't have anything to worry about.
We can do anything we want within our own imaginations and then some.
We can even have our imagination boosted after X day.
But what about those who are left behind?
Those who never got around to sending in that $30?
Those who never heard of Bob?
And what about the pink?
You know, what will things be like for them?
Well, after the initial destruction and the...
And, you know, when the normals are...
rounded up and whatever y'all do with them,
I don't really care.
If I were you, I'd just, you know, train them, use them.
Don't waste them.
Some people want to waste them.
I don't know.
I'm going to call me an evangelical instead of a holocaustal,
but that's the way it is.
But here are some prophecies.
Actually, this was...
This is sort of cribbed from something else,
and you'll be able to figure it out.
But this is what it will be like after X day.
After X day, friends,
if you're being chased through town,
you'll always be able to take cover
in a passing St. Patrick's Day parade
at any time of year when you're being chased.
There will always be a St. Patrick's Day parade
that you can hide in, take cover in.
After X day, all beds will have special...
Beds, okay, will have special L-shaped cover sheets
which reach up to the armpit level on a woman,
but only to the waist level on a man lying beside her.
It will always be easy for anyone to land a plane,
providing there's someone at the control tower
to talk you down.
Once applied, after X day,
lipstick will never rub off,
even while you're scuba diving.
After X day, the ventilation system of any building
will be the perfect hiding place
because you'll be chased a lot,
but no one will ever think of looking for you
in the ventilation system,
and you can travel to any other part of the building you want
without difficulty.
If you need to reload your gun after X day,
you will always have more ammunition.
You will be very likely to survive any battle
in any war after X day
unless you make the mistake of showing someone
a picture of your sweetheart back home.
If you wish to pass yourself off as a German officer
in a war after X day,
it will not be necessary.
If you wish to pass yourself off as a German officer


A German accent will do.
After X day, the Eiffel Tower will be able to be seen
from any window in Paris.
After X day, a man will show no pain
while taking the most ferocious beating,
but will still wince
when a woman tries to clean his wounds.
After X day, if a large pane of glass is visible,
someone will be thrown through it before long.
After X day, the chief of police will always be black.
After X day, interbreeding will be genetically possible
with any creature from elsewhere in the universe.
If a woman is staying in a haunted house after X day,
they should always investigate any strange noises
while wearing their most revealing underwear.
Cars that crash will almost always burst into flames.
After X day, a single match will always be sufficient
to light up a room the size of Yankee Stadium.
After X day, even when driving down a perfectly straight road,
it will be necessary to turn the steering wheel vigorously
from left to right every few moments.
We will make sure after X day that all bombs are fitted
with electronic timing devices with large red readouts
so that you'll know exactly when the bombs are going to be fired.
It will always be possible to park directly outside
of any building you are visiting after X day.
After X day, if you decide to start dancing in the street,
everyone you bump into will know all the steps.
And after X day, it will not matter if you are heavily outnumbered
in a fight involving martial arts,
because your enemies will wait patiently to attack you one by one
by dancing around in a threatening manner
until you have knocked out all their predecessors.
Now, when you are knocked unconscious by a blow to the head
after X day, you will never suffer concussion or brain damage.
And no one who is involved in a car chase, hijacking, explosion,
volcanic eruption, or alien invasion will ever go into shock after X day.
It's just too boring.
After X day, when they are alone, all foreigners will prefer
to speak English to each other.
After X day, any lock will be able to be picked,
easily by a credit card or a paperclip, in seconds.
Unless it's the door to a burning building with a child trapped inside.
Those are much... those doors will be harder to open.
And...
After X day, all television and radio news bulletins
will contain a story that affects you personally
at that precise moment.
And that is exactly what is happening right now.
The news I just read to you affects you personally
at this precise moment.
Now, what else was there here for...
I guess that's about it.
I wanted you to know how convenient and sort of dramatic
life will be after X day.
The Church of the Subgenius,
Nipuri Lui,
Il Reverendo Ivan Stang,
Originale Idiatori
I Somo Coordinatori della Inverosimili Chiesa del Subgenio,
Sagace Par...
Friends, I don't understand Italian.
I just don't get it.
I try to read that stuff...
Well, anyway...
Okay, I've used up enough show.
Let's move ahead.
Let's move on.
I don't know where we're going to...
But we're going to do it.
John is in the basement mixing up the medicine
I'm on the pavement thinking about the government
The man in the trench coat's badge I've laid off
Says he's got a bad cough, wants to get it paid off
Look out kid, it's something you did
God knows when, but you're doing it again
You better duck down the alleyway
Looking for a new friend
The man in the coon skin cap and a pig pen
Wants eleven dollar bills
You only got ten
Maggie comes, bleeped foot, face full of black soot
Talking at your heat, put plants in the bed
But the phone's tapped anyway
Maggie says the man in the city must bust an early man
Orders from the DA
Look out kid, don't matter what you did
Walk on your tiptoes, don't tie no bows
Better stay away from those that carry around a fire hose
Keep a clean nose, wash a clean clothes
You don't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows
Oh, get sick, get wet
Hang around the ink well
Hang the bell
Hard to tell if anything is gonna sell
Try hard, get boxed
Get back, ride the rail
Get jailed, jump bail
Join the army, hit the rail
Look out kid, you're gonna get hit
By losers, cheaters, six-time users
Hanging round the theaters
Grilled by the whirlpools
Looking for a new fool
Don't follow leaders
Watch your parking meters
Oh, get born
Keep warm, short pants
Roll back the door
Learn to dance
Get dressed, get blessed
Try to be a success
Please her, please him
Buy gifts, don't steal, don't list
Twenty years of schooling and they put you on the day shift
Look out kid, they keep it all hid
Better jump down the manhole
Lock yourself a candle
Don't wear sandals
Try to force a scandal
Don't wanna be a bum
You better chew gum
The pump don't work
Cause the vandal's took the handle
activity
Leave a comment below

Got a dog, stay at ourdetail


Even if we catch him




Before the honour






Being above the hanging


As down
I got a new way to make you dream
I'll hook you up to a pill machine
The ticking of clocks, the breathing of mice
Nothing but secrets the internet finds
The internet finds
Now I lay me down to dream
Hook me up to the pill machine
The pill machine
The pill machine
The pill machine
The pill machine
The pill machine
I'll say goodnight
In this world of my mind
A soulful song
A young advice
I'll limit the time
That I don't cheat
To the limit of time
A million jumping
I can't fucking sleep
Because I can't sleep
Now I lay me down to dream
Hook me up to the pill machine
The pill machine
The pill machine
The pill machine
The pill machine
The pill machine
The pill machine
The pill machine
I show you the real reason

Over time
S FX
Now I lay me down to dream
Put me up to the film machine
The film machine
The film machine
The film machine
The film machine
The film machine
And dear friends, that's a band called Boneback
with our own Reverend Crazy Kurt is the bass player
in this...
band, this is on a CD, sort of a small CD from Coffee Records
Boneback, Starsky Solo Project
P.O. Box 163592
Sacramento, California 958169998
And if you're listening on real audio, you can play that back
There's actually a little rewind button
You can play that back
You can hit
Friends
I think I have changed my mind about what I'm going to do
with the cuss-worthy rants from the Austin show
that I was going to have an alternate side to
I think what we're going to do is
on the internet and the pirate stations
it doesn't matter if it's an hour of slack
or an hour and a half of slack
So I'll just...
That'll be the part that the rest of you don't hear
that much.
obviously we sound less Sharph is all Macho
Plus, he said while I'm storming the city
and all the things going down noược
We're 454 365
There's a sive's wanYou would say?
slobber pigs and dicks licking the cheeky squeaky off your tongue just when you're ripe
and throw them the bone slap back them and bomb at them they don't want your bone to be
and if you got the cleft in step mommy-o then you'll hate your work eight ways worse
can i talk to you alone a second
listen john this is about trying to stop me from going out no no it's quite contrary i
am a little weird for me gotta admit that but uh we both have to start dating atrocities
the power and the horror actually i'm fine with it it's really great i've let go and i think it's
wonderful
you
uh
a
long
time
too
so
his
soul
been
seria
his
man
hey
Quality
onse———















et
Und
th
affects
e
non
on
live
E
fun
club
ring






night
night
night
night
night
This is Back and To the Left Productions.
The third eyelash to the right.
I sold out to myself years ago.
It was worth it.
Did you sign yourself up for lots of bugs?
And then yell at yourself as you drove down the street in your free new car that KCRB bought you?
And this music played in the background, which you can't hear, but all the people outside your car can.
People are just driving down the road.
Laughing and throwing confetti.
What the hell is this crap?
And saying, Phineas Narco, it was all his idea.
This is like the morning zoo on acid.
And so, this is really good acid though, Phineas.
I signed myself an island record.
It sort of became sellout.
Paid for by this station.
Yes, we've snorted all the acid.
Yeah, I had my own label and I was the only person on the label.
And I sold out to myself.
And I refused.
So you were your own groupie?
I owed myself.
And then I sued myself.
Like totally.
So why can't you please your proper squeeze?
When the gush isn't going all normal and anti-right-line?
Crushing no gaseous sense in your sneezing chamber?
Tasting an empty platter in your beanbag, boy?
Where's your rollerball then?
I can't drop me no love, bro.
Want me to loot you, loot you, logo man?
I mean, here we are like in San Francisco.
I mean, are you like a hippie?
I mean, did we like shoot some acid?
I mean, are you really a hippie?
Can I take your picture?
Oh, you're a 57-year-old businessman.
I mean, I thought you were like a hippie.
Yeah, they're hard to tell apart.
Because the new San Francisco, everybody looks the same.
They're playing some music now.
Eric, see?
It's groovy.
It's groovy, Kevin.
The liquid slacks poured all over the floor.
The wild, crazy, dizzy.
It's groovy.

It's a crazy scene, man.
And we're going to have a few.
It makes it wiggy.
Butter-rum martinis now.
And enjoy ourselves here on the air.
It's a freakout.
Here we go.
It's the total, ultimate freakout.
We just add a little bit of high voltage and do the robot dance.
And she like, she took two and she like had a, she sort of got crazy with a hatchet.
I mean, it was like the ultimate freakout.
It's just a small problem.
It was like totally, I mean, there was blood everywhere.
I mean, it was really groovy.
Yeah, but it was cool though, in a way.
Totally.
Like totally.
The ultimate freakout.
Yeah.
New film from Subgenius Film Studios.
The ultimate freakout.
You won't want to miss the ultimate freakout.
Who said, who said, who just said it and it became true.
He said, I believe that before this decade is out, that America should land a man on the moon
and bring him home safely.
Now, before he says,

And he said that.
We had never heard of free return trajectories.
We had never heard of deep space networks for radio.
We never heard of leaving the planet.
We never thought about leaving the planet.
We never thought about going to the moon.
And then he said it and all of a sudden, boom, there we were nine years later on the moon.
And you know what's even weirder than that?
Have you ever heard that there reversed language thing?
Well.
Where they think that, that when you're a baby, right?
You actually understand all the sounds and make words.
You understand words like that, but you just can't talk and do them through the left hemisphere.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Well, when you, when you're born,
So they took that one giant step for man, whatever that famous statement was.
Yeah.
And it's not one giant step for a man.
He said one giant step for man.
I'm not arguing about how.
No, I'm not yelling at you.
I'm, I'm yelling at the world.
You were pointing at me and you were drooling.
You bastard.
That gets me going.
But anyway, that statement, which I really couldn't state, and you would probably start
drooling and pointing at me if I tried it.
Yeah.
Yeah.




That statement, supposedly I heard on this reverse thing.
Yeah.
Actually, when you play it backwards, like, you know, the walrus ate Paul or something
like that.
You play it backwards and it says, we shall again walk in space or something like that.
And I heard it.
It sounded like we shall again walk in space.
But they say that.
What recording is it?
Well, it's that reverse, that reverse language guy who believes that when you're a baby and
you just come popping out of the womb, you not only smell bad, but you can also immediately
start to understand.
Yeah.
Remember yourself.
Well, you start processing your words because your right brain is such a damn smart thing.
It starts going faster.
But your left brain that makes all this stuff come out and is connected with you speaking
words.
See, he even went so far as to get his little baby going, you did be a go, go, go, go, go.
And he did it backwards.
And it really came out.
Daddy, please put me down.
Daddy, please put me down.
When it should have been saying, Daddy, the orbital velocity of a.
Get your hand out of there.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Orbital velocity of an asteroid traveling around a mid-sized sun when it's on its outer
lap will equal.
Daddy, get your hand out.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
Will equal.
Daddy, get your hand out of there.
But, but no, you lose that because the conspiracy starts stealing it away.
The minute you're born, they start sucking on, you know, you're like when you're born,
you know that math and sex are exactly the same.
Being born is sort of like being a chunk of wax, a little piece of wax in the lava lamp.
Because when you're at the bottom, you're in this big glass.
You're in this big glob of wax, right?
And you, you share all the knowledge of the universe when you're in the bottom glob of
wax.
But then it heats up and a bubble pops up and there's you in the middle of the liquid
up away from the blob.
And now you're born and now you're not part of the blob anymore.
I didn't know you was a mannequin.
Yeah.
So, so look at the lava lamp like that from now on.
Christ, yeah.
And then, and then you die.
That's when you go back down to the bottom and hit that little steel thing and boom,
boom, boom, boom, boom.
You're back into the blob.
So what'd you bring with you back into the blob?
You know, I think that's important lesson.
.
.















.
.
.
I'm going to go check your T. I started to drizzle when I heard that one.
I could come in there and, and disjoint you feet leg a little, and stuff.
. She's gonna have some pressure, and, and the fatness and muscle, yes, she's gonna have
some lazy sureness.
Okay, I'll put this down and play this, and we'll both go in there and act screwy.
Let's go like girls going to the bathroom.
Sorry, we're going to lead you in prayer now.
We're going to check Dave's tape together.
We've got to go change the tape.
Here, just pray along, okay?
Bob Dobbs is here to help.
Is Bob Dobbs here to pick the lock on those shackles?
Hell no.
Bob Dobbs is here to break the locks on those shackles
and set you free, brothers and sisters.
Oh, yes, brothers and sisters.
I see you out there.
I see when I look out at your massive multitude.
I see myself as I once was.
Oh.
Yes, I see myself as I once was.
I see people out there who've been stomped down
by the conspiracy and normalcy, brothers and sisters.
Oh, yes.
I see people who've been stomped down
by the conspiracy and normalcy.
Oh, and a lot of you can sit down and say,
well, they really fucked me, and I'm not satisfied.
That's right, the conspiracy will get on you and fuck you,
and when it's done having its way,
it will roll off of you, smoke a cigarette, grunt, fart, and go to sleep.
That's right.
And tomorrow night, the same thing again.
Yes, because that's what the con does.
It keeps you down.
It stomps you.
It breaks your spirit, brothers and sisters.
It makes you want to give up.
It makes you want to go to work every Monday morning,
even though you wake up in the morning and then you say,
fuck, I don't want to go to work.
And yet you still do
because the conspiracy wants to make you go to work.
So that you can make just enough money
that you don't die before next pay week starts.
Oh, but you can sit back and say,
there's nothing I can do about it.
There's nothing I can do about it.
It's just the way things are.
Well, brothers and sisters,
there is something that you can do.
You can get right with Bob tonight, brothers and sisters.
The slack, the slack keeps on you, brothers and sisters.
It gets on you like a leech.
Yes, brothers and sisters, but it doesn't suck your blood dry like other leeches.
It feeds you.
It gives you the spirit of the slack leech.
And it allows you to go and attach yourself like a leech to the conspiracy
and suck your own slack back from it.
Oh, yes.
Because the conspiracy's like a bitch.
It's a slack vampire.
Well, this is one slack vampire in the conspiracy
that is going to get nailed to its own cross.
Brothers and sisters, they all heard those church bells
and they thought, wow, they're ringing in the new year.
They didn't realize they were ringing in the last year.
And those bells were not church bells so much as they were funeral bells.
Yes, funeral bells for the conspiracy.
Yes, those bells will be ringing again.
Yes, that's the word again.
Yes, they'll be ringing.
They'll be ringing for Jimmy Swagger.
They'll be ringing for George Bush.
They'll be ringing for Barney the fucking dinosaur.
They'll be ringing for Bill Clinton.
They'll be ringing for Regis and Cassie Lee.
And praise Bob, brothers and sisters,
they will be ringing for God himself.
Yes, God himself.
The bells of his funeral are ringing.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes, God, ask not for whom the bell tolls,
for it truly, it truly tolls for thee, God.
Yes, for this is the final judgment.
And he will be the one who is judged.
And who will he be judged by?
All of the freaks and weirdos down here on earth.
All of those who are smart enough to get their salvation from the church of genius.
The only laughing you're going to hear on X-Day is the laughing from us.
As we go charging into your homes, charging into your life, charging into your bedrooms.
And we'll be dragging you out into the street where we shall weigh your sins against you.
Oh, yes, and if you haven't sinned enough,
if you haven't committed that one sin,
that greatest sin you could commit,
that sin of blasphemy against the status quo pink conspiracy dukes,
oh, yes, then you too shall be judged.
And you too shall see Bob's smiling face in the sky,
looking down at you.
And he won't be very funny next time.
Oh, yes, I will, I will.
So sad.
So fresh.
This show stood on the wall.
I didn't even hear it but it's still one of the saddest.
This whole show is one of the saddest things I've ever heard.
This is the happiest moment of your life, Jader Hartman.
This show is for you.
Brethren and sisters.
You may kiss.
Turn to page 237 in your hymnal.
And before all, to sanctify this world.
Reverend Hartman.
With a urinal toward destruction.
You're in a lot of trouble now.
Let us jump over the quiver of compromise
and fall from the jagged rocks of the island.
And Aunt Bertha will now give Jader away.
Come forward, Jader.
I don't want to be given away.
It's time for you to medicate.
She's going to carry you.
You've got to do it.
She'll carry you.
Yes, we shall apply to our vows
and the purity of Aunt Bertha
and overcome the evil and sin of poor Jader.
Timmy, let's blow this hot dog stand.
Go get some crack.
No, I wouldn't miss this for anything.
Aunt Bertha's going to marry that guy.
And then, you know what we're going to put in that bin?
And how can I marry a fictitious character?
Stop talking and give me the ring.
Ah, with this ring, I'm me wed.
It won't go on my heart.
I'll have to give it another push.
Well, how can I have sex with a fantasy woman?
Of course, I do it every night.
She looks stupid.
Just do what comes naturally.
And now, they're going to throw rice at us
in 60-pound bags.
Put these pebbles in with the rice, Jader.
Put these little rocks in with them.
Look, hi-hi-hi, I'm throwing...
Hi-hi-hi.
Goodbye now.
Goodbye.
Bye.
The police...
The police and the SWAT team,
they're all coming down your street.
They're looking for you because they know what you've been thinking.
And they know what you've been doing, they don't like it.
The front of your house is on fire.
There's mad dogs at your back door.
The water's poisoned.
The rain is acid.
Sex can kill ya!
And, uh...
Brothers and sisters, the river's rising, and we're all going to drown.
Tonight, brothers and sisters, we are offering you a personal flimitation device.
In the form of this band, J.R.R. Dodds.
And you've heard Bob talking about this thing called slack.
Oh yeah, slack.
Now, many people think, well, now, Reverend Stang, is money and slack, are those related?
Yeah, sure they're related. Of course they're related.
Money and slack are very interrelated. Money and, uh, sex and slack are related.
Bob is sex! Bob is money! Bob is the embodiment of slack!
And, my friends, I want you to look around this town, this world.
Do you see enough subgeniuses? No!
Do you know what that means?
Do you know what it means when you see not enough subgeniuses?
That means you have to fuck more!
You have to fuck and fuck and fuck until this world is filled with subgeniuses!
You think the pigs have been bad about destroying the ecology of this planet.
Let's fill it up with subgeniuses and show these dipshit...
how to trash a planet!
Earth first! Then we'll move on to the other one!
Now, we're not trying to sell you on this drunk, dead personal savior, Bob Dobbs,
as your ultimate, long-term personal savior.
He is a short-duration personal savior.
This is a consumer culture.
They make shit to break down as soon as you buy it, and we make messiahs the same way.
You get tired of Bob, move on to the next Dobson.

You're not a goddamn personal savior.
Maybe it's Jesus. Maybe it's Arnold Palmer.
Tony Robbins!
Whoever that is, I don't care.
Personal power!
You know, it may be...
Your personal savior might merely be a brick that barely misses crushing your skull
as it falls from the cornice of a rotting building.
Your short-duration savior might be some absurd replica of the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer!
This is a real replica of the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer!
And I say, you think we're just standing there looking at him?
Watch him! Watch him!
Take a good look at this head, friends.
They did just cut his head off.
I don't think that they just cut his head off, friends.
I think there was something else going on besides just a little bit of World Cup golfer decapitation, maybe.
The hole in this neck stump wasn't always this big around, I don't think.
Was it, Dr. Legue?
I don't think the hole in this nasal passage where the nose has been bitten off
had been cored out quite that widely before this show.
Was it Angus? Pope Angus?
I think they did something besides just cut his head off.
What do you think?
I don't think they stopped at just decapitating this particular world-class golfing champion!
Since you know that there's only six months left of existence for this planet,
July 4th, 1998, Pope Angus, Dr. Dinosaur, Dr. Legue, all these beautiful women,
and several of these ugly men,
will be not in Dallas, Texas for X-Day,
but at a nudist campground in upstate New York
called Brushwood, where we go for our X-Day drills and major head-lunches,
because in New York, women can take their shirts off without going to jail,
just like men can.
That's why we...
And also, the weather is a lot better in the middle of July.
And also, the campgrounds here charge too much.
But, on that day, July 4th, 1998, this year, 186 days from now,
this head will not merely be launched with a sacred nine iron like we are about to do in a few seconds.
This head will be launched using an amateur rocket and a shipload of dynamite.
We are going to blow the bleeding head of life.
We will blow the blood of a total bomber to the atmosphere, to the stratosphere.
We will blow it to the moon.
It will be the first act in our war against God and the universe.
Praise God.
We need a good tea.
There must be a tea of some kind.
Um, let's see. Oh, Steve Jackson of Steve Jackson Games, I see.
That is the same beer bottle that was shoved up the spammer's ass last year and kicked until broken.
First sight.
And it's a little bit of a
What's that?
A little wild.
How many of you people here pee?
I don't know.
Some.
How many people here urinate, pee?
How many here actually go to the bathroom?
Raise your hand.
I don't know!
Okay.
About half of the people here, about half of the people here use the bathroom or urinate, pee.
Whatever.
You are the people I'm talking to.
If you pee, you are sure to be interested in what I have to tell you tonight.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to, got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
I'm going to ask you one other question.
Now that we've ascertained that about half, about half the people in this room either urinate or have the energy to answer a question by raising their hand.
What brand, you smarty pants, what brand did Jesus Christ smoke?
Chesterfields.
Chesterfields.
There's a man who's been reading his prescriptions.
Jesus Christ smoked Chesterfields.
That's right.
He's been reading his prescriptions.
He did not smoke Marlboro's.
He did not smoke Merit Ultralights.
Jesus Christ smoked Chesterfields.
And yet, Chesterfields as a brand did not exist 2,000 years ago.
It's a miracle.
It's a miracle.
How do you answer that?
How do you even think about it?
How do you approach such a thing logically?
Answer, you dumb.
Answer, you dumb.
You don't use your mind to think about your religion.
They are two different things.
You think about, you think about Bob with your mind, you're gonna go crazy.
You're gonna lose your fuck what little.
