Come here, little man.
Here the ancient Indians blow psychedelic snuff up their nose from 45-foot pipes they make from bark of trees.
They call it Yo-Ho-Bo.
Yo-Ho-Bo.
Yes, the mighty, mighty pipe of Bob is visible all over the Inca Empire.
Wherever there is a stone, there's the pipe.
Bigger than any civilization has ever pictured it before.
Fantastic, but true.
Well, thank you.
Ah, the cooling waters of Slack.
Wash over you now.
Here's a bucket.
The subgenius hour of Slack.
This is straight stuff.
I mean, it came straight from you.
Well, it gave me the riddles.
Didn't you, Jimmy?
Can you feel it?
I can.
That's right.
How much do I owe you?
Nothing.
Nothing?
You already paid to Bob.
Your girlfriend with all the hours you put in on terrible music.
You paid for your Slack.
It's coming.
Just sit down and wait for it.
It's only the first step in a new life for you.
How can I purchase that?
Go on the air.
Hey.
Just right away.
We don't want to go too commercial.
This is not a situation where we make any money.
We're not infallible.
This money goes into giant baskets.
We don't claim to be Superman.
We don't claim to be heroes or gods.
We don't claim to be heroes or gods.
But you guys are good.
No, some of us do not claim to be heroes or gods.
Dear friends, but some of us do.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Friend, friend, good.
Friend, good.
And this is the Hour of Slack Battle Manual.
Manual by the Unibobber.
The Hour of Slack show is a manual for the modern rebel operating out of a conspiracy-dominated society.
The patriopsychotic, anarcho-materialist reasons behind military resistance against established state or occupational government are not the focus.
The show is merely instructions for those who feel the need to heed them.
You may ask, why should anyone be interested in this Slack stuff?
Why, this is America.
We are a free society and we have a powerful conspiracy to defend us.
To this, I reply, what are you, special?
Do you think that just because you live in America, you are immune to oppression or UFO, alien occupation?
Just how free is this society you were told was so free and for how much longer?
What makes you think that the conspiracy is around just to protect you anyway?
You cannot run away from the world.
All you can do...
Is prepare.
Even if...
Listening to this show is all you do, you'll be that much better off for it.
For when the time comes that the information in this show is really needed, this show will
no longer be on the air and I will be in some stinking hole of a political prison or a mental hospital.
Same thing.
The information will have to be gained after that through experimentation and trial.
The information will have to be gained after that through experimentation and trial.

And someone ask Okay!
P tard and tell
if you like your movie.
I love it.
It's amazing.
country filled to the brim with pinkness gives me the creeps. We have the senators who are planning
concentration camps for us as early as 1997. We have the ATF guys who serve search warrants with
hot lead instead of paper. We have the FBI which can do whatever it wants in the interest of
national security, including burglaries, electronic mutilation without warrants, and compiling lists
of people to be labeled bad credit risks during future wartime. We have the CIA which does the
same things even though domestic intelligence is supposed to be strictly off limits to them. Yes,
this place, America, seems great, but it is mainly because of what you don't know. The more you know,
the more sense the Church of the Subgenius makes, and the more sense it makes to begin to prepare
for the worst.
And, uh...
I don't feel the need to give a hard sell to anyone about this show. If you have even so much as heard of the Church of the Subgenius, then you are probably at least halfway slackful.
If you are halfway slackful, then you can see the need to prepare for the future. Hence the need to hear this show. Whether you feel that you will need to defend yourself in the future from our government alien occupation or your damn neighbors, this show is for you.
This show...
is pure instructional matter.
We have included no personal stories nor irrelevant information. It is simply a manual on guerrilla warfare in modern societies.
We believe that the most serious listeners will be relieved that they will not have to sift through a bunch of BS to get to the facts.
I know that is how Bob would want it.
I am...
the Unibobber.
And now, here they are, the cloaking device. Are they Klingons? Are they Romulans? The cloaking device keeps them invisible.
Now you see it. Now you don't.
First you feel it, but you don't really know if it's over you.
Something in the air
What's come over you
Something in the air
Destruct the senses for invisibility
Become adaptive
Stealthy stalking
I've got my UFO detect role
Jуска

Impu зрation
signals flash the warning
that it's over you
something again
and they're watching you
something again
the cloaking device
the cloaking device
the cloaking device
the cloaking device
I'm just a little superstitious
I'm looking for signs everywhere
I've got a feeling in my bones
there's something in the air
something in the air
something in the air
something in the air
something in the air
something in the air
something in the air
Scalawaves
new age
check control
check, check, check, check
Tesla
Star waves, space rage, shock your soul with tech, tech, tech, tech, techno.
Rainboat, lip mood, purple rain, tech, tech, tech, tech, techno.
Well, I'm just getting real superstitious, looking for signs everywhere.
I've got a feeling in my bones there's something in the air.
Something in the air.
Something in the air.
Something in the air.
Something in the air.
The cloaking device.
The cloaking device.
The cloaking device.
The cloaking device.
Yes, dear friends, that was the Klingons from Germany.
Yes, indeed, friends.
A classic subgenius song.
There's a song in the air called The Cloaking Device from, yes, indeed, from the Klingons at Octo Sound Studios in Berlin.
Brand new tape.
There's some more great stuff from them on this.
That's from Reverend Nancy Darnell and her boyfriend, Reverend Rocking Wanking.
I guess it's pronounced Rocking Wanking.
I kind of like those Germanic pronunciations, friends.
And in the background here, a statue.
A CD that we've just started to get free CDs in the mail, much like real radio stations do.
In this case, this is the soundtrack of a movie, an old Italian movie called Vampiros Lesbos.
The CD is called Sexadelic Dance Party by Vampiros Lesbos.
And boy, it is mod indeed.
Actually, I think it's from like a 1968 horror film.
And yet here it is released on CD in America today, where it costs $5 per second to live in America today.
And where there is yet not a subgenius CD, but we're hoping to, and not an official headquarters church of the subgenius CD,
but we're hoping to cure that and to fix a number of ills.
Our mail order department here is under new management by Jesus.
Yes, the Lord Jesus Christ.
In this life, his name is Jesus H. Christ Devalaqua.
Reverend Jesus Devalaqua.
He has returned from the dead again.
And actually about 25 years ago, he did.
And took a look around the state of the world and decided that really the best thing to do this time was to go to work for Bob.
Even though sometimes, dear friends, it seems like our church is starting to go the way of Christianity.
With, with, uh...
infighting among the apostles and so forth.
It's just disgusting sometimes to us who sit here in our high tower looking down upon the frivolous fiddlings of these ant-like creatures.
But, uh, yes, dear friends, yes, the church of the subgenius shall persevere.
We shall overcome all pathetic little blockades that stand in our way using, if not our nuclear weapons, at least perhaps the fire of the hate burning in Bob's pipe as he grins.
In, in...
sane merriment down upon even us.
Yes, friends, the church of the subgenius is, after all, the only thing that 20 years from now you won't think you were stupid for liking.
If you're still around 20 years from now, dear friends.
Yes, X-Day is coming up soon.
Uh, and we're, we're planning to have X-Day drills.
Now, oh, you'll, actually, this is serious.
I'm gonna pull that music down.
Friends, we are, in fact, planning to have X-Day drills.
Uh, which will take the form of insane campouts at Brushwood Folklore Center in Sherman, New York, every X-Day, starting this X-Day, July 5th, and running through till the bitter end of the world a little more than two years from now.
Uh, for information about actually getting your butt to these, uh, sacred...
gatherings of subgenius, sort of a brainbow gathering, you might call it, um, then I think what you need to do, really, is finally pick up that pen and that stamp and send a self-addressed stamped envelope to the church, whose address we will give or, and or again, um, actually we should give it, but to, to lovelier background music.
And where is my...
As I was saying, friends, that's Bob at Post Office.
Box 140306.
That's Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
We'll be giving that number again.
Uh, yes, our, our church is becoming high-tech, so we'll be able to take your credit card numbers all the way up through 1998, and then after that, man, we're splittin'.
We're splittin', and I think...
I will let Dr. Legume tell you of the wonders of X-Day 1998.
Uh, coming up...
Coming up here, this is Dr. Legume, Dr. Katahdin Legume himself, the second greatest living or active subgenius preacher in the universe right now, um, uh, captured here live in Minneapolis, uh, during the Slack Crusades revival.
I'm sure I'll have to edit a lot of cuss words out of this for normal broadcast radio.
Uh, thank you.
Thank you.
Incidentally, dear friends, this is recorded at the...
Uh, a club called Ground Zero in Minneapolis.
Incredible decor.
They had a gigantic church pulpit, a real church pulpit there for us to preach from, and, uh, a decor of motorcycles and skeletons and dominatrix babes.
Truly, friends, well, I think Dr. Legume will tell you what time it is.
Praise the Lord!
Praise the Lord!
Brothers and sisters!
I'd like to ask you all a question.
Yes!
Only on Tuesday!
What time is it?
Four!
It's a little late!
What time is it?
Five!
What time is it?
Five!
What time is it?
Six!
Six!

Six!

Six!
Six!
Six!


Six!


Six!







Dr. Legume now takes a grandfather clock...
...and smacks...
It!
With a hammer.
A sledge hammer, the sacred sledge hammer.
It is the end times, brothers and sisters.
Mm, brothers and sisters, it is the end times.
Time is running out.
Time...is running out.
Mm, I want to tell you all a story!
Mm, I want to tell you a story about a man.
I want to tell you a story about a man...
A man whose life was hard, brothers and sisters!
I want to tell a story of a man whose life was hard, brothers and sisters.



was hard. He didn't have no money. He didn't have no car. He was ugly. He was stupid. He
never got any pussy. And one day he was riding on the bus. I said he was riding on the bus.
And sitting on the seat next to him on the bus, he found a subgenius pamphlet that someone
had discarded on the bus.
So he sent it to the subgenius foundation and he bought himself a membership. He bought
himself a t-shirt and he wore it to ride it off his back. He memorized the book of the
subgenius. He could quote the book of the subgenius in your hands. He could quote the
subgenius in your hands. And if you asked him what was on page 69, he would tell you
what's on page 69. And if you asked him what was on page 233, he would say there is no
page 233. He met other subgeniuses. He met other subgeniuses. And he quoted the subgenius
books to them. He quoted the dogma of the church to the other subgeniuses. And he irritated
the living hell out of them because he was a sickening bobby. I said he was a sickening
bobby. Can I get a fuck the bobbies? Can I get a fuck the bobbies? That's right, brothers
and sisters. He thought that he would be able to fit in with the subgenius. He was a sickening
bobb.
I should have had a goobie too.
I should have done a cup of could scoocher like that I used to be a




And I told him I was wrong.

The how awesome
there's nothing much here.


He was the star of his life.
He was the have been cannot be won any changed.
He Bush gotta date, the boss of You Special.
He was like New York.
I said he became an alcoholic.
And he slept out in the streets.
I said he slept out in the streets.
He had newspapers for socks.
He had brown paper bags for underwear.
But one day,
but one day,
a group of people came up to him in the street.
And they helped him out.
They gave him a decent meal.
They gave him some money to go out and buy some new clothes.
And they told him about Jesus.
They told him about Jesus.
And they took him out of the streets.
And they got him a nice place to live.
And they took him out of the streets.
And they got him a good job.
As if there was such a thing.
And life was good for him as far as he knew.
He hated the subgeniuses.
He hated Bob.
He denied the exorcist invasion.
He cursed the reprobate.
He cursed the
He cursed the exorcist.
He cursed Dr. Le Guin.
He cursed Dr. Le Guin.
He spit on Jader Hypercleese.
He spit on Jader Hypercleese.
Well, let me ask you brothers and sisters.
What's gonna happen to this man on July 5th, 1998?
On July 5th, 1998.
You guys just got like the rest.
Yeah, they're using theúa.
You hit it straight.
Brother and sisters, I gotta tell you.
On July 5th, 1998, he will be on the pleasure quest of the sex goddesses.
Oh, God.
And why will he be on the pleasure quest?
Even though he became a heretic.
Even though he cursed the Church of the Subgenius.
You think so?
Or he will be on the pleasure quest.
Why?
he paid his $30 and he got his membership card and that's all I'm proud of.
Can you say the same?
Can you say the same?
Can you say the same here, friends?
Can you?
What are you going to do on that day when all your paid and filled subgenius buddies
suddenly disappear?
What will you do?
Do you think that your coolness is going to save you?
Do you think that you'll be able to slip by just because you think you're cool?
Do you think you'll be able to slip by because you've got your trendy black t-shirt on?
There are those among us tonight who say that the church is a subgenius organization and
now join us.
And so they say,
Hey, I'm not a subgenius.

I'm not going to join.
Well, brothers and sisters, you won't be joining us on the saucers either.
No, you won't be joining us on the saucers either, friends.
Those of you, you can be a good subgenius, real good subgenius.
But if you ain't paid up in full to that man, J.R. Bob Dobbs, well, he's just going to be
waving goodbye to you from them saucer windows as he flies off into space accompanied by
the...
the luscious sex goddesses and gods.
Well, for the gals that look like gods.
And friends, that brings me to another subject.
I'm so sorry to have to cut the sacred cuss words out of Dr. Leguim's preaching, my own
and everybody else's.
But, you know, that's the FCC.
And this lovely song here from the new improved night nurses, Our Moon and the new improved
night nurses have a great new tape out.
More information on that in a minute.
But first, you have got to hear this.
Now, everybody knows that gender bias is politically incorrect.
Do you know what happens to you if you're caught being politically incorrect?
As a matter of fact, I should warn you, if you're even caught with this tape in your
possession, it could happen to you.
Here's what happens.
If someone thinks you're not PC, is that P-N-C, politically incorrect?
The politically correct police come for you, enforcing a gender-based class action suit
for politically incorrect views.
And do you know what they do?
Oh, God, do you know what they do if you're convicted?
And, of course, you never get a fair trial.
They feed you bland cereal and tell you horror stories about what it's like to be a woman
in society.
And they make you watch endless episodes of Father Knows Best and I Love Lucy and Mary
Tyler Moore.
And they make you watch endless episodes of Father Knows Best and I Love Lucy and Mary Tyler Moore.
And I...
Anyway, I know I couldn't handle it, okay?
I just couldn't handle it, so I'm in the closet with my gender bias.
But you know what puts me uptight is people who think they're right, because I think
I'm right, so I'm uptight.
But if we're going to live by somebody's prejudiced, uninformed views, let's live
by mine.
It's just that the present round of PC seems female-dominant.
Okay, I'm not into male dominance, but I sure don't want to trade it in for the reverse.
I mean, why are people so pious about gender bias?
People are so pious about gender bias.
People shouldn't be.
He's so pious about gender bias.
Why are people so pious about gender bias?
I'm not bothered by the fact that there's a difference between men and women.
I like it.
Well, we've been through that, haven't we?
I mean, some of my best friends are women.
I mean, I've been known to like women, you know, some more than others.
Well, what is it?
I don't know.
The packaging?
The xenophobic, ethnophobic?
God, talk about a blind date.
I mean, I know it's not PC to favor a woman for her appearance,
but is it PC to favor food for its tasters?
Is that the point?
Like, you should favor food for its taste and not for how it looks,
but isn't that part of the experience?
I mean, doesn't food that's beautifully prepared make you want to eat it more?
Of course, when you're really hungry, do you read through magazines,
look at pictures of food rubbing your stomach?
Maybe if you just don't think about the food, your hunger will go away.
I like women.
There's even a part of the friction between men and women I really enjoy.
And I've heard a lot of jokes about testosterone,
and some of them are funny, just like some of the blonde jokes, you know.
But between you and me,
I can't say I'm not without gender bias.
Now, everybody knows that gender bias is politically incorrect,
except you can get away with it if it's gender bias against macho.
Now, I suppose that comment was over the line.
I've just done it.
I'm now politically incorrect.
Are they going to come for me now and make me bland cereal?
No, God, not bland cereal.
I know I couldn't handle it, so I'll just go back in the closet with my gender bias.
You know, to be politically correct, you've got to eat bland cereal.
Is this a guaranteed path to planetary survival?
But would the...
You want.
Look out, you'll get it.
And how would you like it?
Men and women, women and men, who's right, everyone's uptight.
It cuts across all racial and religious barriers, class and creed.
Gender bias forever, world without the end, amen.
I mean, any sexual harassment isn't being leered at or bad jokes.
It's, well, maybe bad jokes.
I don't know.
It's having my hormones manipulated or womanipulated.
I mean, I don't care if she dresses like that, but then don't tell me not to stare.
She can't help it, the girl can't help it.
She can't help it, the girl won't fall in love with her.
I know women are jealous about their women because in spite of the women's group,
some women still base their value or self-worth on their ability to attract men.
God, how unenlightened, how enslaved.
I've even heard there are some men who feel the same way in reverse.
How effeminate.
How pathetic.
How about it?
People shouldn't be so pious about gender bias.
Men.
uh yes dear friends uh gender bias there by the amazing arm moon and the new improved
night nurses i'm always so glad to get a tape from those characters whoever they are and uh
where is their address with holy funk records dear friends and yes here it is okay got that pencil
oh no it's not hold it yeah here it is right on the cassette itself if not the label holy funk
records post office box 23 29 san anselmo california
that's box 23 29 san anselmo california 9 4 9 7 9 9 4 9 7 9 for holy funk records home of our moon
and the new improved night nurses um yeah and friends if you noticed your left and right
channels kind of jumping up and down tonight it's my deck not yours uh sometimes i'm able to
compensate for my weak right channel by pumping one side up
but other times i forget and we're in a terrible hurry to try to catch i bet you thought we'd never
do another uh new hour of slack but it was always going to be reruns well no sir oh jesus just came
in jesus say hello to the folks we're right near the end of the show of side one of show
jesus do you come on now tell them tell them um what sinners they are whatever it is that you do
around here oh he's a salesman friends this incarnation my brakes are screwed up on my
minivan still i'm not sure i'm not sure i'm not sure i'm not sure i'm not sure i'm not sure i'm not sure
yeah oh no you were able to get here though twenty five hundred dollars to fix it what triple the
price i paid for it i thought you were some kind of a miracle worker now mr lord jesus christ
it only works on human beings i guess oh man well friends he's developing his powers still but uh
we'll be back with new breaks thank you
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh





oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
















oh





















dear friends uh yes well uh speaking of all that pc
PC stuff and men and women since so forth we've got tough we got an interesting CD in the mail from a group called women of Sodom yes and the little booklet that comes with the CD they will these look like really yet he women to me they look like a bunch of bossy ones a bull but
but um but i kind of like their attitude let's uh go ahead and check it out here shall we
i am the doctor and i am here to give the exam there will be a room full of students watching but don't be nervous you are in good hands
you
you
you

pa
I'm coming i know that's what he tells me
I finished my exam
you hear me




just but this means that I'm still a princess
and of course my face isn't to be ECat

This might hurt a bit.
Attach your hands.
Put on the rubber gloves.
You may feel the pressure.
Attach your hands.
Put on the rubber gloves.
You may feel the pressure.
I am the doctor.
She didn't believe you.
And I am here to give you things.
There will be a room full of students watching.
But don't be nervous.
You are good at games.
Put on the rubber gloves.
Sterilize the instrument.
Attach your clamps.
My assistant has prepared you for an exam.
We are going to test the instrument.
This may feel cold.
It's getting cold.
I'm going to insert my finger now.
This may be uncomfortable.
You may feel some pressure.
This might hurt a bit.
It's going to be so.
You may feel it too.
Les jambes chaud se enfeigent.
You may feel some pain and Doctor's

You may feel도 that your breath sound is getting inflammation.
This is going to be increased.
Your hearing and speech PPE is further affected.
bol wire en fil pe UK
I feel .
I've started to feel more the increasing換.
In fact, I have the ability to look at my phone and record the poor.
Luckily, my hearing was lossed.
But I just can't get enough of that cherry blend hub of Phobosopolis he buys.
Ooh, it tastes so sweet.
Say, speaking of pipes, are you happy to see me,
or is that a pretty damn big pipe in your pocket?
Oh, I just love a man who smokes it so, I don't know, carcinogenic or something.
It really turns me on.
I just crave having that big fat pipe stem plug my face and fill my mouth.
Why, just thinking about it makes me, oh, I feel that itch.
I need it so bad.
Oh, now just look at my crease.
It's all wet.
Well, I guess I'll just have to take it off to dry.
Undo these straps here.
There, just zip that down.
Isn't this material sheer?
Oh, look, my nylons and heels and garter, they're just soaking.
I'll just have to slowly peel myself out of them.
Say, what's that I hear?
You're not...
What?
You couldn't be.
You aren't slacking off while we talk, are you?
Why, you naughty, naughty boy.
To think.
Wow.
Kind of a turn on.
Just thinking of you doing that sends shivers all the way up to my, you know.
Yeah, that's it.
You're doing good.
That's it.
Like that pipe.
Oh, your pipe's growing bigger and bigger.
The tip of it's so hot.
I can feel the heat from here.
Oh, I wish you could just...
Just cram it through the phone lines, big boy.
I bet it's just about long enough.
Say, before we go any further, you are a subgenius, aren't you?
Good.
I thought so.
You didn't seem like one of those wimpy little humans.
But I bet you're a real yeti of a man.
And I'm a real man's woman.
But I can see you haven't sent in your $20 love offering yet.
Or you'd have the tattoo on that thing.
Oh, you can't fool Connie.
Well, I'm sorry.
But I'm afraid I only do it with ordained ministers.
But I'm gonna make you come into the arms of the subgenius church by hook or by crook.
Maybe next phone call.
They don't call me the anti-virgin for nothing, you know.
So as soon as you get that membership card and read up those church secrets,
then call back any time, baby.
I'll be waiting day and night.
Hurry back.
Ta-ta.
A Mistress Connie's Confidential from the Subgenius Hotline.
Need slack? Dial a Dobbs.
The Church of the Subgenius Sacred 900.
Number 1-900-990-5085.
Extension 324.
$2 per minute.
Under 18. Needs parents' permission.
Touchtone. Phone required.
Maximum call. 5 minutes.
Mystery Playhouse, Tallahassee, Florida.
Batteries not included.
Action figure sold separately.
You'll hear an official Dobbs diatribe by holy roller renters
like Reverend Ivan Stank, Jane or Hyperclete's father, Joe Mama,
and anyone else insane enough to praise Bob.
That's what it says there, anyway, kids.
But, but, but what of your pleasures?
Yes, and the power of your pleasures.
Do you not want yet for more pleasure?
Do ye not?
Yea, friends, for the promise of X days.
Shall ye bringest thee them pleasures like you never ever dreamed.
But I believe that the evil Dr. Katayden Legume has more to tell you about.
That one.
Oh, yea, oh, yea, brothers and sisters.
True slack, by comparison, is better than getting gang-sucked by horny Nordic Valkyries.
But, ever since I've been here, I've been here.
The pleasures of X day make true slack seem like wearing a shit helmet with a padlocked chinstrap.
That's how good it's gonna be.
Oh, yea, brothers and sisters.
Maybe instead of joining our church, you'll take that thirty dollars and go out and buy yourself a Nirvana tribute album
with a Hootie and the Blowfish CD.
Oh, yea, you can sit home and listen to all that sh-teb-tv bullshit.
And, and, and, and, and, and you can crank your CD player all the way up to nine or eleven or however high it goes.
You'll have yourself a real good time.
But come X day, none of those pink toys are gonna work.
That's right.
Your CD player, your VCR, all that shit's gonna be burned.
It's just gonna be worthless chunks of plastic.
Not even good for propping up the corner of your broken sofa.
And the only music, the only music you're going to hear,
will be the screams of the dying.
You won't like the sound, but we'll damn well be dancing to it.
Amen! Can I get an amen?
Can I get a hallelujah?
Can I get a praise bar?
Brothers and sisters, the other day, I was in Chicago, Illinois.
And I was in my dressing room getting ready to go out and preach.
And there was a little cockroach that kind of scampered across the table.
I was sitting at it.
And I had my little ink pen out and I was chasing him around the table a little bit.
And then I took out my lighter when he got all tired out.
And I burned his little wings off and his little antenna.
And flipped over and his little legs were kicking and I burned them.
And there where I was laying there being tortured and hissing
and doing whatever the roach equivalent of cussing must be,
I took my fist and I smashed that cockroach
into a nasty, squished pulp on the table.
Well, brothers and sisters,
on July 5th, 1998,
if you don't have your subgenius membership card,
you'll wish to God you were that cockroach!
Oh yes, brothers and sisters,
there's a war going on and we are winning it.
And your will, your will will help to win it.
And just beneath the surface is your strength.
Just below your skin are your vital forms.
Your vital force is running like eternal springs,
wild and restless.
They will guide you and give you counsel.
They will guide you to destroy the conspiracy.
And when they call you murderer,
and when they judge you,
then you must hang them up by their lying jaws on meat hooks
until they beg for forgiveness and soil themselves.
The bloodlust, the bloodlust.
You don't, you don't think of the bloodlust.
You experience it, you experience it.
Masses of people, any people,
they will go anywhere, do anything,
as long as the ring of faith,
the ring of faith is in their noses.
Call it God, call it mother, call it country.
Then take a slim cord and string it through all those rings,
a million, a hundred million,
and lead them where you will.
The river is rising and you're gonna drown.
Tonight, I am offering you a prayer.
A personal flotation device in the form of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Can I get a praise, Bob?
Praise Bob!
Can I get another praise, Bob?
Praise Bob!
The time has come nigh for you tonight.
It is no accident that you are all here.
You have been chosen to receive this message of Bob.
You are here to receive this message of SLAC.
You have been chosen, you are the chosen ones.
All you must do is put your faith where your wallet is.
Oh God, you're right!
Jesus, you're so right!
And brothers and sisters, I can guarantee you,
you'll be damn glad you put your faith in Bob's smiling face.
We are here to help you.
Trust us. Trust Bob.
Amen.
I'm going to insert my finger now.
This made me uncomfortable.
This feels so pressure.
This might hurt a bit.
I'm listening to you.
I'll answer everything, I swear.
I'm here.
But I haven't taken anything.
I couldn't.
I've been very sick.
I've been in bed all night.
Last night, I wanted to take a pill to sleep.
I said to myself that if I took more of them, I'd sleep better.
And then if I took all of them, I'd sleep without dreaming, without waking.
I'd be dead.
I took 12.
In hot water.
Oh, like a sledgehammer.
And I had a dream.
I dreamed of everything, just as it is.
I woke up with a start, so happy, because it was a dream.
And when I realized that it was true, that I was alone,
that my head wasn't on your shoulder, that we weren't close together,
I felt, I felt I couldn't.
I couldn't live.
Light. Light and cold.
And I couldn't feel my heart beating anymore.
It was taking so long to die.
I was in terrible pain.
After an hour of it, I called Martin.
I didn't have the courage to die alone.
Oh, darling.
Darling.
It was 4 o'clock in the morning.
She brought the doctor who lives in her apartment house.
I had a fever of over 101.
It seems it's different.
I thought I was going to poison myself.
One is never sure of the dose, you see.
The doctor wrote the prescription.
The martyr stayed waiting until tonight.
I begged her to leave because you said that you would call me one last time.
And I was afraid that she'd keep on talking.
Battery
Porclipus

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Oh my goodness.
I really hated it when girls wore dresses because it would expose their sexy legs,
and I would get so fucking horny I couldn't concentrate on my schoolwork.
So I made up this little chant back then that I would always do under my breath.
They wear dresses, stupid dresses.
Why do they wear stupid dresses?
Sometimes I would disguise it in code form.
Instead of saying dresses, I would say,
Oh, these, they wear, oh, these, stupid, oh, these.
Why do they wear stupid, oh, these?
Tee-da-lee-lee-ba-dee-da-lee.
In the Johnnies.
You know what I mean by the Johnnies?
The underwear.
Maybe I should say,
about stage door Johnnies.
Tee-da-lee-lee-ba-dee-da-lee.
In the Johnnies.
Tee-da-lee-lee-ba-dee-da-lee.
In your Johnnies.
Tee-da-lee-lee-ba-dee-da-lee.
In your underwear.
In your wear.
In your wear.
In your little underwear.
Oh, man.
I'd love to be able.
Oh, God.
Joe.
Yes, Joe.
Joe.
Oops.
Joe Offrick there.
Oh, God.
Oh, it's been too long since I heard a little Joe.
But we have a new one here, too.
This is also a Jesus discovery.
Jesus brought this tape.
He worked at, for a short time,
Jesus worked at Normal,
at the hemp shop in Cleveland.
I forget the name of it.
And they were getting,
they were getting these calls.
And on their answer machine.
Their answer,
their outgoing message took five minutes
to listen to.
But this man had something to say
to Normal.
And he called all night long,
waiting five minutes each time
and then leaving a one-minute message.
And we'll just play little bits and pieces
of the legal document guy here,
starting with this one.
Yes, I have, I called yesterday.
I left my phone number and name.
I had a hearing in the front hall
of Euclid High School in the 70s.
I've had permission to basket,
rose and hem and stamp,
weave since the 60s.
Anyway, I had a hearing in Leonard Weisberg's room.
I have some legal notices in the newspaper.
Not to draw too much attention to the subject,
I have a privacy case.
I have an oxygen case.
I was supposed to have an industrial,
industrial use permit for whey,
for men's spirits and titanium production
from chemical and for silver.
An amateur scientist status.
I have a story, safe as the basement,
but safe as any room in my house.
I'm supposed to be allowed to grove.
At least I have an oxygen case.
I'm registered somewhat oxygen depraved.
I may be quite a bit older than I appear.
And I've been having
a few Ganglandzia Pete animal
quills and bakers LION's기는 appeal
Möglichkeiten.
I might make it along the way.
Wait for how the episode ends next week.
We'll have at least a lucky mother

No way out.
I wanted to build my own then.


That's where they put the tape Spotify itself.
There are индicators.

He's either been cheated of his education or has a problem or deserves a second chance.
I'm also in the paper in search of genius, a district IQ champ.
And it says in my hearings, I sued a Clemency policeman that was playing games with me.
I'm all the way back to the 60s with the cuckoo for Cocoa Puff policeman
that kept telling me there was a shortage and not enough for the district IQ champ
to clear his mind to think for an oxygen case.
Now, I've been waiting for her. I've got some cop registered.
We'll just address that to Bob, why don't you?
You can spell that at P.O. Box 140306.
That's 140306 in mysterious Dallas, Texas.
Zip code 75214.
Yeah, I left my name and number yesterday.
So anyway, I had my legal notice in the newspaper for a grant.
And I told you I had my hearings in the 70s.
I have another legal notice.
Some cop was playing with my brother and I.
We have repeated stories.
They disport us at the source.
They registered us to 3%.
We're entitled to agricultural grade, minimum of 25, reunion 25 or 30%.
His minimum, I'm also entitled to 9-9, pain reliever.
Then there's a story some cop's been playing with me on the charts,
not letting me release my stress on a daily basis.
And I got backed up stress just to tease me for when I get my pain reliever.
Then I have my, I have a degree tree stolen in the 60s.
It's in my hearings and a house of evolutionary study.
I have one of the best trees going in the Board of Education.
The Euclid's responsible.
I got permission to search the board.
Beep.
Some of the...
It has legal notice in the paper.
My right to smoke a cigarette.
I have the oxygen case.
Then, like I said, I got the house of evolutionary tree that was stolen from me in the 60s.
I got permission to search the Euclid's school board.
Then I have the story, I think an old sheriff disguised to discover southern Albuquerque.
Then there's, I'm waiting for a seed source.
I have my address registered and what this house is about.
But people are trying to disturb and draw attention to my privacy.
And then...
I need somebody that understands what they're talking about.
I need to declare a center for scheduled recovery of toxins.
I'm interested in the oxygen, of course.
And then I have the Indo-Chinese case in the paper.
When the Indo-Chinese won their case, I'm allowed to put another plant in on the Indo-Chinese.
I'm first industrialist families of Europe and America.
I'm allowed to put in one of their first French, German in hospice, Prussian-Swedish families, Norwegian and those Norwegian...
Beep.

Beep.
Beep.
Beep.
And then, in an enormous cloud of smoke, the mob gasped as the huge face, the enormous countenance, which could not be countenance, began to appear above the seething crowd.
What?
You've got the job, Kip.
