I stand here a victim of the influence of Immanuel Bobstein, guilty on all counts.
I'm glad I was caught. I was mentally deranged. Now I am cured.
I ask only for you to accept my love of the subgenius power of Slack.
Bob's balls melted my garter.
Ah yes, dear friends.
This is the 1,704th hour of Slack, and this episode is part two of our ongoing tribute to the late subgenius giant, Dr. Katahdin Leguim.
We'll start with a great sermon about the Church of the Subgenius in general, and on the Butthurt subgenius specifically,
delivered by Leguim at the blistering hot X-Day drill of 2012.
Before the musicians get up here to make really horrible music,
I would like to first introduce to you the former CEO of the Subgenius Foundation,
your overlord and leader, Dr. Katahdin Leguim.
Shut the fuck up or you'll get more Elvis.
The Third Reich lasted 12 years.
X-Day drills have lasted 16 years.
Suck it, Hitler. We win.
And here we are at X-Day 15,
which in typical retarded,
subgenius fashion is our 17th X-Day drill,
and, well, hopefully our last.
In that same retarded, subgenius fashion,
the pinks are supposed to fry on X-Day.
And fuck me running instead, here we are frying instead.
While they sit in air-conditioned cracker boxes
in the Bronx and LA and London and Krakow,
thinking how special and awesome they are,
and how smart they are,
these pinks would never fall for the idea
that a bunch of wackos hold the key to their salvation,
because they'd never believe that some insane Armageddon
might wipe them from the face of the earth.
But even if we didn't hold that key,
their safety is an illusion.
When Vesuvius wiped them off,
and wiped out Pompeii,
those ancient wops learned that lesson.
When a tsunami and an earthquake wiped out half of Japan,
the Japanese learned that lesson.
When a tornado wiped out a whole Missouri town,
they learned that lesson,
and that wasn't even the worst one in history.
Mmm, all this disaster talk makes me feel fuzzy.
I remember when Hurricane Katrina hit.
I saw the footage of all those bodies floating in the water,
and I remembered some pink asked,
why would God do this to them?
And my reply to that idiot was,
because God likes alligators too.
Yes, brothers and sisters, Jehovah One loves crows,
and vultures, and worms, and jackals.
Funny thing though,
if you kill all the bugs,
the birds die,
and then the plants die,
and then the humans die.
If you kill all the plants,
the animals starve,
the humans die.
But humans,
they have no natural enemies,
other than us.
They have no natural enemies.
If the humans die,
everything else gets a free lunch.
And what better metaphor for slack,
than a free lunch?
We all got slack from free lunches here just this weekend.
Just this week.
Sure, lots of subgenius, including me,
revel in the notion
of wiping the stain of humanity
from the face of this planet.
But that's not really what it's all about.
Vengeance is just a free lunch.
It's how we will get slack
from giving slack to the earth.
To give the animals their free lunch.
To achieve this goal,
we must prepare.
We must load our knives
and sharpen our guns.
Many subgeniuses have said,
Dr. Legume, he's a bully.
He's an asshole.
He's vicious and heartless and cold blooded.
He hurts people,
and he's power mad.
Power mad.
Well, it's true.
I'm mad, and I has power.
I has amazing power.
I can make people forget what they say,
and make them remember things that never happened.
People cancel their vacation plans
when I snap my fingers.
I am made of living fire.
I am destroying the church of the subgenius
single-handedly.
I am a flame warrior.
I'm a bully, an asshole.
I am the ban instigator watchdog.
I rape you in your constitutional rights.
When I drop the N-word,
it breaks.
I'm the big cheese, motherfuckers.
I'm the humongous.
I wipes my arse from Genesee to Revolu.
I can wash brains.
I'm the puppet master.
I'm a rat bastard.
My sundial says it's hammer time.
I'm the man who's the best.



Pisces tits bounce at my command.
Bounce.
I ain't lyin'.
I ain't lyin'.
I cut the cheese, and I cut the mustard.
I cut the bologna.
You gotta stand on the moon to see my male pattern baldness.
I have 17 balls.
I was born in the heart of an H-bomb,
and I dropped the F-bomb.
I sleep in the middle of the highway.
I drink gasoline with a hand grenade chaser.
I die for fun.
I'm a rat soup-eatin' motherfucker.
My dick has racing stripes.
I banned all your friends.
I am the big boss of this area.
I'm the organ grinder,
and Stang's my dancing monkey.
I am the king
of butthurt.
And that having been said,
we come to the subject of today's sermon.
The butthurt of the subgenus.
The bearer of this card
is a righteous and ordained overman uberwoman,
and is entitled to all privileges usually granted a holy person.
Sounds like a pretty sweet deal,
until you really think about it.
You see, with that privilege also comes the burden
usually granted to a holy person.
That burden may very well be the scorn
of those who think you're full of shit.
That burden may very well be getting the shit
kicked out of you by rival cultists,
or turned away by your own family and friends.
Mahatma Gandhi, Martin Luther King,
Osama Bin Laden, all holy men.
And what did they get?
Shot the fuck up is what?
John the Baptist?
Beheaded!
The Catholic Church alone
has over 10,000 martyred saints,
many of whom were executed in colorful,
creative, and no doubt hilariously entertaining ways.
The founder of the Mormons, Joseph Smith,
and his brother Hiram,
were killed by a mob.
And as much as we'd all like to,
let's not forget America's most popular holy man,
Jesus H. Christ.
Dragged through the streets, beaten, tortured, stabbed,
and nailed to a cross.
As a final example,
I offer you all the big kahuna himself,
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Your subgenius minister's card reads as follows.
The bearer of this card is a righteous and ordained
overman uberwoman,
and is entitled to all privileges,
usually granted a holy person.
In the subgenius church,
you are promised eternal salvation
or triple your money back.
You're promised a package of cool propaganda,
and that's it.
The rest of what you get are all privileges, not rights.
The church in no way, shape, or form promises you
that the foundation proper will support or endorse
any of your wacky schemes or ideas,
art projects, drug addiction,
and or alcoholism or lifestyle choice.
You're not promised a say in how the church is run.
You're not promised admittance to the X Day event.
You're not promised membership in any of the online groups.
You're not promised the respect for your opinions from anyone.
And you're especially not promised that everyone will be nice to you.
I'm a big fan of the Who.
But just because I bought all their albums
doesn't mean that I can go over to Roger Daltrey's house,
sleep on his couch, fuck his groupies,
and tell him how to put on a rock and roll show.
All Dobbs ever asked you for was 35 bucks,
and most of you paid even less than that.
You got what you paid for,
and anything beyond that is a privilege granted by the church.
And the benevolence of Dobbs' fellow servants.
We serve Dobbs.
We are not your parents.
Those of us who are perceived as members of some higher echelon
have attained our status because we work hard.
We fix problems.
We give.
We gave our money as a tithe to Bob.
We give our effort.
We give our sweat.
We fix problems.
We create the mythos, the art, the music, the videos.
We provide ideas.
We work hard to bring them to fruition.
As opposed to those who just sit and stare
and demand to be spoon-fed the slack they feel entitled to.
When I joined this church,
I got a membership pack and a minister's card.
That's what I paid for.
There was no X Day.
There was no Facebook or Yahoo groups.
And devivals were few and far between.
The only subgeni I personally knew
were the ones I indoctrinated.
If you wanted to correspond with another subgenius,
you mailed them a letter.
You sent them smoke signals.
A lot of us still do.
All of the facets of the present subgenius church,
the present community, the events and friends that you have made
from attending them, these did not just happen.
These assets were built by the heroes of the subgenius church.
The saints, the doctors, who all understand
that slack is returned tenfold
only to those willing to give all the slack they have.
People like Stang, Princess Wee,
Susie the Floozy, Papa Joe Mama,
G. Gordon Gordon, Nikki Death Chick,
Pisces and Suds, Reverend Pockets, Two Beans,
even sweet little Pantiera,
pitch in to make X Day and the subgenius church
the best church ever,
as do many others who I regretfully don't take the time to name here.
Many of you like to sit and just dig on the happenings.
And you know what? That's fucking awesome too.
We get our measure of slack by doing this for our friends.
But to bitch and complain that you're not provided
the slack you feel you're entitled to,
or worse, taking it from someone who does deserve it
when you have put no slack of your own into the great slack pot,
that is the very definition of asshat.
That makes you an ungrateful slack vampire.
If you lose your shit and start raving like a deluded idiot
just because mean old bully Dr. Legume was rude to you,
and pointed out your obvious asshattery on the internet,
then you might as well just burn your card right fucking now,
because while Bob loves you, the rest of us think you're an asshole.
You don't need the subgenius church, you need a mother.
And if you see me as a mother figure, your father was a fag.
We don't owe you our support, endorsement, or our fellowship.
We will not sit idly by while you publicly attempt to buttfuck us.
You got your minister's card, you can go be a subgenius by your goddamn self
somewhere far from mean people who won't stroke your dick.
Membership has its privileges, but like I preached to you today,
it also has its burdens.
And a few as a subgenius would rather add to that burden
than to generate slack, then my message to you,
Mr. or Mrs. Butthurt Sack,
as a subgenius, is as follows.
Go fuck yourself, you worthless candy-ass cunt.
You're not sitting in the irradiated wreckage of your flood-ravaged town.
You're not picking through your tornado-blasted possessions
looking for your dead child.
You're not some fossilized guinea, frozen in perpetual pants-shitting terror
inside a 2,000-year-old lava rock.
Puzzling evidence that you're not a child,
but a child that's shot Dobbs in the head.
Consider yourself lucky if a little butt hurt is your heaviest burden.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob!
Everyone give a hand for Dr. Legume!
Dr. Legume at the 2012 X-Day Drill.
Unfortunately, the broadcast radio audience had to hear a very heavily censored version.
As always, the uncut version is on subgenius.com in the radio podcast section.
The cackling woman heard in the background, incidentally, was Princess We Are Doe.
Incidentally, along with this show, number 1704,
I've assembled a third Legume tribute show that has so much cussin'
that there's no point in ruining it for broadcast.
So it's one of those internet-only shows, number 1704.5XXX,
available only on subgenius.com in the radio section.
But now, let's go all the way back over 22 years to 1996.
I'm gonna play this tape of an amazing,
a beautiful witnessing,
and some witlessnessing,
done as Dr. Legume guested on the Prozac Free Health Show there in beautiful Pennsylvania.
I think you're going to, uh,
I think you're gonna like this one, friends.
And praise Bob.
Hmm, brothers and sisters,
we had us a phone call here at the station
from some, some lukewarm Christian
who, who, who, who, who,
who, who, who, who, who believes that we're taking the Lord's name in vain.
He thinks we're blaspheming here.
Why, that silly fallback.
That silly fallback thinks he can, he can just call up here and argue
the, the, the, the points of our true version of Christianity,
the only true faith.
Say it, brother.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I challenge you, brother, to call back at 821-3456.
If you have some problem with our blaspheming,
you call back, brother.
I will go nose to nose with you live on the radio.
And, as it says in Ezekiel,
I will let the wild animals of the whole earth gorge themselves with you.
I will strew your flesh in the mountains
and fill the valleys with your carcass.
I will drain the land with your flowing blood up to the mountains.
Your choice is simple.
Join us and live in peace
or pursue your present course and face obliteration.
Yes, brothers and sisters, it's come down to this.
Fisticuffs of the religious sort.
Yes, let's get ready.
Yes, friends, right here on our phone line A,
on the other side of the world,
a man not quite satisfied with what we have to say about our Lord Jesus Christ.
And right here in the studio, the one, the only, millions killed,
millions more knocked out,
the Reverend Dr. Cajun Legume.
Here it comes.
Are you ready for the fight to end all fights?
Are you there, brother?
Excuse me?
Are you there, brother?
Hello.
Hello.
Yes?
Yes, I believe you have something you'd like to say about Jesus tonight.
Well, Jesus, first of all,
he plays a very important role in my life.
And let me tell you something.
Jesus is so important to me that I gave my life to Jesus.
What does that mean to you, son?
Doesn't mean a damn thing to me, brother.
Why not?
Why should I care what you do with your life?
You know what?
That attitude doesn't get you anywhere in life.
Yeah, at least I'm not a crackpot sitting at home on the radio
trying to call up here and give honest,
decent preachers a load of crap.
I just don't understand you, brothers,
if that's what I can call you.
All right, I can't take this.
You're playing me live on the radio.
I don't want this.
Oh, what's the matter, brother?
Isn't your faith in Jesus strong enough to keep you going?
It's there. It's there.
Are you afraid?
Are you one of these Christian apologists
who are afraid to tell everybody and defend their Jesus?
Let me tell you something about Jesus.
Don't even do that about Jesus.
I don't even want to say anything negative about Jesus.
What do you know of Jesus, you talking monkey?
Jesus?
Jesus saved me.
To the point where I was down in the dregs of society,
hanging out with people like you.
Brother, you couldn't hang around with people like me.
Excuse me?
You couldn't hang around with people like me.
Oh, well, excuse me.
Well, come now. Come on.
Just testify to me.
Tell me what I'm doing here that's so bad.
The blasphemous way you do Jesus,
that's what you're doing so bad.
The blasphemous way I do Jesus?
You're doing Jesus right now.
That's right. I'm doing Jesus right now.
This is incredible.
This is absolutely insane.
No more insane than you and your Jesus.
Your Jesus is just your invisible friend.
You grew up and gave him a name.
Your Jesus isn't the true Jesus.
Hmm. I'm sorry, friend.
Sorry I can't help you. I must sign off.
You're a coward.
Coward.
Oh, yes.
Oh, brothers.
Could you believe the audacity of people who would actually call up here?
No, he can't help us.
He cannot help us.
Brother Lagoum, he cannot help us because we help ourselves.
Yes, we do.
With the strength of the Lord, we help ourselves.
We don't need no namby-pamby church to tell us what to do.
We know the Lord.
We fight with the Lord.
We drink with the Lord.
We are the Lord.
Yes, friend.
Right here.
Come in and kiss the feet of God, my friend.
Phone number 821-3456.
This is by doubt, by any definition, by any scoring method, this is an undoubted knockout of unbelievable intensity.
Yes, the Reverend Dr. Cato Lagoon once again, once again, converting souls, saving the sinners, saving them from themselves, saving them from us, because I don't have to prep with that guy no longer.
91.7.
caus variety.
A conclusion continues in part 2 of the bitte .
WAYSU關 Monk
My God, my God!
It's
83, gimmicky!
We've come here because because you both believe there's a conspiracy some kind of
organization working against. Of course the word entheo from enthusiasm entheo means God in you.
Of course God gets in us by his word. We were fathered by the sperm of God's word the seed of
God's word. We became a child of God born again through this incorruptible seed. Of course faith
comes by hearing and really hearing what you've been hearing. Through his names his identifiable
he had not revealed himself up to this time. You see Dr. Lagoon, you see Dr. Lagoon this is the kind of preaching our friend the caller listens to. The kind of preaching that makes no sense.
Hey that's right brother. Not even once in our broadcast have we asked anybody for money. But I guess that's what makes a true Christian. His willingness to part with both his mind and his soul.
Yes. We will not ask you to part with your money. But we will not deny it either because
thy who tide unto the Lord shall be as though is the Lord. Jesus has revealed himself to be.
from under the hem of his mighty raincoat. Be a man, brother. Amen. Do we have any Christians out there in the audience tonight who
don't agree with us? Do we have any faltions Christians out there. As it appears to get down into your spirit.
who think that we're blaspheming cause they don't agree with us?
and then they대�ce
Are there any out there who wish to kill us for our sin?
Hello?
WMUH, you're speaking with Jesus.
Greater glory.
Glory to God.
Speaking of God who's in you.
He's in you.
He's really in you.
You may not be able to feel it slowly.
Moving.
He's always kind of moving.
Oh, Father, let us pray.
Father Jesus, we pray that you will speak your word to these lukewarm Christians who are out there in the radio audience tonight.
And I'd like you to put a little special anointing upon all the colored people because they have a hell of a time.
And I'd like to thank you, God, for guns.
We may.
Protect ourselves from the infidels.
Now, if the Hittites had had firearms, the Bible would have been an entirely different book.
And we preach that book, that book which never was but should have been.
Oh, yes, brother.
Oh, yes.
If only the Israelites had been given guns.
If only God and his wisdom had given automatic weapons to the Israelites then instead of now.
If only the Canaanites had nuclear technology.
Oh, yes, brothers.
Oh, yes, sisters.
When there's a storm.
Oh, it would have been beautiful.
But the Lord had a different plan.
A plan of strife.
It's easy to fly.
A plan of hardship.
A plan of sorrow.
A plan stained red with blood.
And you don't know how to use the blood of the infidels.
The blood of the sinners.
The blood of the pious.
The blood of the lukewarm.
The blood of the homosexuals and the homo sapiens alike.
The monkey boys.
Yes.
Those who'd walk on all fours.
What is the law?
The law is not to walk on all fours.
But yet you would dare.
In some weird sexual perverseness to get down upon all fours and disgrace our Lord.
What is the law?
Not to endlessly expose the law.
What is the law?
Are we not men?
What is the...
Oh, brothers and sisters.
Oh, brothers and sisters.

We just had a visitor here in the studio.
From that earnest young Christian who was talking to us on the phone earlier.
He came and gave me his much-worn copy of the New Testicle.
I mean the New Testament.
It's...
He said that I need it more than him.
And I really do, brothers and sisters.
Because I was just in the john and they were running a little short on paper in there.
And not only that, but sometimes when I run out of Marlboros, I like to roll my own cigarettes.
And these little thin crispy rice papers are just New Testament.
Oh, yeah.
They just work like a charm.
I'm so happy that we could PO a few people out there tonight.
I'm so happy that somewhere there's an angry Christian listening to this.
An angry false Christian.
The ones who think they know Jesus.
The ones who weren't the money-grubbing Jesus.
Oh, brothers and sisters.
I'm so glad that that earnest young man came in here to see us.










I'm so glad that he set me straight.
He's right.
He's right.
I do need to...
I do need to relieve the burden of my sins and my wallet.
Oh, yes, brothers and sisters.
And in that spirit, I've got a small public service announcement for you.
From Exodus, you shall not permit the female sorcerer to live.
And I guess that means anyone who will turn a trick.
Whoever curses his mother or father shall be put to death.
Anyone who has sexual relations with an animal must be put to death.
Whoever does any work on the Sabbath day shall be put to death.
One who blasphemes the name of the Lord shall be put to death.
Now, I wouldn't go and tell any of you to go out there and put the Lord's enemies to death.
I wouldn't tell you to go out and kill any of the infidels.
But rest assured, if God were here in this studio,
I would be there to help you.
He would.
Can I get an amen?
Amen!
Can I get a hallelujah?
Hallelujah!
Oh, yes, brothers and sisters.
What I am going to say will shock you.
It will disturb your sleep.
It will make you worry for your loved ones.
It will give you nightmares of disaster, plague, and horrible death.
It will make you rethink the priorities of your life.
It will change the way you look at yourself and the world.
There is a killer loose in the last hour.
And the killer cuts down all that he touches.
If he touches you, you will die.
If he touches your child, your child will die.
His victims die a slow, horrible death.
They waste away.
They drown in their own bodily fluids.
They lose control of their bowels.
They lose their memories.
They become demented.
They die in agony.
There is nothing that can be done to save them.
That killer's name is Jesus Christ.
The false Jesus.
When he starts to kill you, it is said that you are a heathen.
An insensate meat puppet with no soul.
An occupant on an earth ship heading headlong into Armageddon.
This killer and his cult of followers first emerged on the American scene almost 500 years ago.
Rising like an angel.
An angel of gritting death out of the oozing rivers of bodily fluids that spilled like fetid waterfalls into the streets of our beloved America.
From the sick and sleazy pleasure houses of the killer Jesus and his twisted Christian cult.
Yet despite this heinous assault on all of the good and pure and virtuous traditions that made America a shining beacon of freedom to all of the world.
The authorities have done nothing to stop this terror.
For washing over this great land like a sea of evil blood.
In fact, the leaders that you elected are aiding and abetting their cause.
Claiming these evil false Christians have the same rights as regular people.
Our elected officials are daring to let these freaks and perverts hide behind the protection of the Constitution of the United States.
Most of the government's efforts have been directed towards protecting the freedom of religion.
Of this cult of immoral and unscrupulous sex-madding fiends.
Rather than toward the total annihilation that these scum deserve.
The government withholds vital information about this false Christ which could save millions of lives.
By their acts of commission and omission they have become in effect the protectors and guardians of this cult of death.
And its blond haired blue eyed leader, Jesus Christ.
And as such they may well become your murderers.
Or your child's murderers.
It has been speculated that between 80 and 90% of children that disappear from our homes due to kidnapping.
Are converted to this false Christian faith by means of drugs, torture and starvation.
These children are smuggled out of the country and sent to one of the cult's overseas slave labor camps.
Cruel sweatshops.
Where children are forced to spend 16 hours a day making fake miracle trinkets.
Which their false prophet leader, Jesus, peddles to his followers.
Making over 17 billion dollars in 1993.
Many of the children are sent to Thailand to stock the false Christ's many brothels.
Some are sent to one of the 13 Christ town training centers to be indoctrinated.
To learn the dark secrets of their cult.
And to work in the jungle laboratories manufacturing crack.
How many innocent people must die so that the sick sex games of these pervert false Christians can continue.
How long must we wait before the police and the military take matters into their own hands and stop this madness.
What can you do to save your family and your country from this deadly menace?
There's a lot you can do.
If you live in a rural area or small town.
That has preserved traditional American values.
Stay there.
Watch your family for signs of disobedience or strange behavior.
Stay away from the television.
It has become infested with subliminal messages that lure you and your loved ones into the cult.
Do not go to airports alone.
If you must, however, be sure not to drink anything.
Bring bottled water.
Many airport water supplies are tainted by the Christian's evil hallucinogenic crack.
Teams of Christians work at every airport in America waiting for the drug to take effect.
Loading their helpless victims into waiting planes while airport officials and the FAA do nothing.
Make your children stay at home after school.
If they try to sneak out, beat them severely.
This is very important as this blood cult of evil targets places where teens congregate.
Shopping malls are among the best recruiting grounds for young people to be lured into.
And that's where Hour of Slack number 546 from 1996 comes to the end of site one of that cassette tape.
By the way, almost all of the Hours of Slack from number one to 700 or something are on Reverend David Bauchner's archive,
which you can find via the radio section of subgenius.com.
Hundreds of hours of Slack.
Reverend Steve Sinek has been copying the very oldest from my cassette master,
so the stash of ancient shows is now almost complete.
But now back to Dr. Legume with Dr. Howell and me at the Ex Day Drill of 2013.
All that stuff.
Well, I kind of envision subgenius heaven as being a place with lots of broken glass.
Well, you keep going on about this broken glass thing.
Didn't you have a subgenius?
There was a sermon that went on for hours and hours about the planet of broken glass.
That is true.
Years ago, which I've completely forgotten every detail about except that phrase.
Well, both heaven, subgenius heaven and hell and the escape vessels and all that could be broken glass if you really wanted it to be.
Well, sure.
Well, go for it.
Or railroad spikes.
Go for it, Katahdin.
Yeah.
Well, I guess I could just tell about the planet of broken glass.

And you could just fill in the noun of your choice or your necro-destination or whatever.
But the planet of broken glass was made entirely of broken glass.
Yes.
And everyone on the planet weighed 500 pounds.
Oh, my God.
It's a big one.
And they would walk around all day on broken glass.
And every day at 4 o'clock for an hour, it would rain alcohol.
Oh, the Goldilocks Zone, they call them.
Yes.
Oh, yeah.
That's a happy place.
And not only would they have to cut themselves coming into contact with everything, but the people of the planet of broken glass can never die.
Even if they cut off a section of their foot and dropped it on the ground, they would feel that pain.
And that foot would have just lay there in the broken glass.
And that foot would have just lay there in the broken glass in pain forever.
Throbbing.
And even as the course of time wears you down to just one little sliver of meat left, all of those previous slivers of meat on all those little jagged pieces of glass are going to be there suffering for you.
Quivering.
And at 4 o'clock when it rains, it's just unspeakable.
Oh, and there's nothing to eat on the planet of broken glass except each other.
And broken glass.
And broken glass.
You know, a lot of people don't eat broken glass.

A lot of my carnival friends do eat broken glass.
And apparently you can eat broken glass.
The glass from like the light tubes.
Yeah, you can.
The fluorescent lights.
They eat light bulbs and stuff.
Does the planet of broken glass have any bananas on it at all?
There...
Because that's what you eat before you eat the glass and after you eat the glass.
Maybe if they're bananas made out of glass, they got broken.
There are bananas, but they are made out of broken glass.
And they got broken too, so.
To those wacky subgeniuses.
None of them are real.
Now let's go to the very most recent recordings of Dr. Legume at X-Day, this time from 2017's
20X Day Drill.
Here, we hear the mischievous doctor co-spouting with the newer, younger subgenius radio doctors,
Reverend Argus Fox and Reverend Pease.
Well, Pease isn't younger.
Younger than me, but not much.
This is an example of Legume at his interpersonal body.
Well, I mean...
Sem optimal of A.
I'd also love to work out like his mass присout...




DNA. You went right for the semen
peas. You know, there's DNA
in things other than semen.
I mean, maybe that's not from, you know,
the crimes you've committed.
But they have it in hair and everything now,
man. It's the new improved
DNA. It's not that old light DNA.
This DNA is
DNA classic.
DNA now with more nickel.
Even animals have DNA now, bees.
It's not just your parents' DNA
anymore. Well, but
still, DNA encompasses what
two aspects of the human body.
DNA
is mingled and exchanged
via what two
I mean,
I drank a bucket of DNA,
but it was like skin cells
and stem cells and blood.
Is it closer by the bucket
or by the glass?
If you add ice to it and put it in the blender, it makes
awesome fucking Bloody Mary.
I'm doubtful of that.
Dr. Mr. Sister's not here. We didn't get to have
our
our
Toilet, our human DNA Bloody Mary bar
then. He was here briefly, but
there was very briefly. There was
no Bloody Mary. Tell us more about your
buckets of semen fantasy.
No, I mean,
you really, I mean, you got right through the
semen, man. What's the deal?
It was kind of like those sensory deprivation
pods that you float in saltwater,
but he just closes the door in the bathtub
and throws it in his own chest.
Straw man thing in reverse on me.
I'm not having any. I just want to know
about the semen.
I mean, come on, man.
I want to know where it is that this comes from, man, so that we can talk you through this.
Well, it started with Argus' story about being chewy.
We need to establish a safe place for you where you can just be comfortable and be yourself,
and nobody will ever challenge you on your tastes and semen.
Well, we've all seen it.
That's not true.
Well, we have to establish a safe space for you, Pease.
I mean, if not, you're going to have to come up here and put up with all of our macroaggression.
You have jumped to a lot of conclusions.
Please bring your buckets of DNA to the main stage by 7 p.m.
You know, I mean, sometimes that look in the ugly mirror.
Let me know when you're done going on about the 15 minutes about my fascination with sperm by telling me about it.
Let me know when you're done.
Well, my fascination is with sperm.
My fascination is with your fascination for sperm.
Hey, you know what Pease has in common with that bird?
They both swallow.
Reverend Pease here seems to think that DNA only exists in sperm.
Can you throw the line again one more time?
How do magnets work?
How do magnets work?
Ask Lagoon.
He seems full of knowledge.
How do magnets work, Dr. Lagoon?
Hey, Bucket of Semen boy, tell me more about the Lord Jesus Christ.
I would know nothing about him.
Did the Lord Jesus Christ have anything to do with it?
I mean, did the Padre, like, take you out in the back of the woodshed behind the Catholic church
and be like, I need you to clean out the church's semen bucket?
Does everybody else know you left the church?
Does everybody else know you left the church?
Does everybody else know you left the church?
Does everybody else know you left the church?
I thought that was something between the two of us.
You know, yeah.
He used to be my priest.
I left the church after I heard the police sirens.
Father Lagoon.
Oh, you want to see ventriloquism subgenius style?
Oh, yes, please.
I would like you to open to a page in this book.
Do not involve me in your shit, Lagoon.
I would like you to open to a page in this book and read me a paragraph.
I shall not.
Any paragraph.
I choose not to participate.
Come on, Pease.
Be a sport.
Nope.
A paragraph.
You're assuming he can read.
That's right.
Thank you for shaming me with my illiteracy on the air.
You know, I appreciate it.
Like a voracious swarm of piranhas, the scarlet little monsters converged on Whitey and tore him apart.
As the blood filled the water, other things were attracted.
There were glimpses of fenced, serpentine backs and vast, amorphous shadows beneath the churning waves.
To those who watched, the eternal light above them seemed deceptive.
Subjectively, they were aware of the dark unknown.
Whose hand is up his ass right now and making him do this?
Right?
Whose hand is up his ass right now and making him move around like this?
My hand.
Watch me drink a glass of water.
It's really great.
Let's do it again.
For my next drink.
It's really irritating.
I don't need your pity claps, you bastards.
One time, I was in a room with a guy and a preacher.
And the guy was drinking a beer and talking to the preacher.
And they were all being real polite and stuff.
But when the preacher started going on.
About Jesus.
I started doing that ventriloquism trick.
Where I start following everything he says.
Just like.
Exactly.
Like Ernie is doing right now.
And I pissed that guy so off.
He pissed him off so much.
He picked up a beer bottle.
And was about to hit me in the head with it.
And I said, Jesus would forgive me for that.
And I forgive you.
Woody.
Do you think he would?
I forget.
He who is without sin.
I think Jesus would be like, hey bro.
You just hit my bro with the head in the bottle.
You got to leave the party.
I'm sorry.
A really great fun thing to do.
Is to piss off a Christian enough to where they're about to smack you.
And then forgive them.
Oh man, that burns their wire.
That seems like a lot of work for very little payoff.
Oh, it's a hoot.
Your parents said the same thing.
That's what they called him.
Little payoff.
They used him for the rent the first month.
One day, P's will find your way.
Real parents.
They got me back.
He had his first job at three months old on the internet.
P's is the human version of the movie Homeward Bound.
He's just looking to get home.
But he's going to get there to find out that his dog parents have already gone.
Did you bring me any candy?
Who brought who candy?
Animal brought candy for everyone.
In a van?
In a van.
A van full of candy.
It's down by the river right now.
A candy van.
I brought puppies.
Too many puppies.
You brought puppies?
Eating chocolate.
Oh, wait a minute.
You weren't at...
Were you at the saucer site yesterday?
When they were supposed to land?
And now she has puppies.
Hmm.
Too many conspiracies are afoot today.
One X day, someone gets a robot alien radio clone baby.
Another X day comes and a female subgenius has puppies.
You know, one thing we learned on the Thursday in urine podcast is that it's always good to have somebody eating something in the background right on mic.
Mmm.
Mmm.
Mmm.
Mmm.
Delicious.
Oh.
Mmm.
That was the late Dr. LeGuime with Reverend Fox and Reverend Susie the Floozy at Tarzan's
radio station in front of a live audience at Wisteria Event Center where we hold these
X day drills.
We'll close with this surreal stretch of ESO Swamp Radio from November 2011, shortly after
Dr. LeGuime had gotten out of the hospital.
He was in the hospital for diverticulitis.
Other voices are the host, the late Chaz Smith, the early Lunsum Cowboy Dave, and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
This segment was titled, LeGuime's Blowhole.
So, Dr. LeGuime, you've been in the hospital.
There was some sort of horrible conspiracy implantation place where they stick the medicine in you.
I think my doctor is back in the hospital today.
I'm a little evil troll living in my gut.
Yeah, they made him drink the radioactive sperm.
Two gallons of it.
Did you have to go to the, what do they call it, the scan?
The, where they put you in there and your MRI?
It turns you into an egg.
It actually turns you into an egg.
It turns you completely into an egg.
It fertilizes you.
Like a poultry ovum.
Really?
Yeah.
Wow, man.
Right.
Well, his brains are already scrambled.

So that's what he's got.
He's got something growing in him now.
It's because it's going to slowly devour him from within.
We've always had this.
We've always had this.
I understood that Dr. Legume was himself the larval form of something greater.
The cocoon itself is actually made of something greater.
Like an ugly caterpillar will later turn into a beautiful butterfly.
Dr. Legume may well turn into a giant 900-foot-tall robot with a clear glass case around a tiny little legume brain.
There's that thread once again.
It controls Dreadnought.
The glass-eyed thread.
You remember that future, don't you?
You really don't know what's coming.
No.
You don't want to go in that door.
You don't know what the future holds, my friend.
No.
You...
Do you want to go through that door without guidance?
Do you want to go through that door alone?
You just...
It might be a drop-off, a mighty drop-off into nothingness.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Or it could be the door into the treasure trove of the gods.
Don't you want to go through that door with Bob at your side, my friend?
They might replace your whole body.
You don't want that.
No, no.
You must accept the Bob with your entire...
I'll never understand clowns either.
The evil is the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to
bring the crown to the God of the Fire.
The evil clown, though, has become a stereotype in the priests.
He's quite an icon of the nation.
In fact, I think I Want You, Uncle Sam should be a crying clown with sharp credit cards
everywhere.
He brings back memories of war cards.
I thought she said plowds that time.
It's clowns.
Oh, plows.
I thought it was, like, snowplows.
They're raining snow, so you know plows.
What is with you guys in this closet?
It's a death cult, man.
It's like a death cult.
We would like a crazy French woman to come in and pop, pop, pop.
It's Claudine Lachey recordings and 44 Magnum revolvers.
That's because Stan didn't hear Hell Hole.
Well, yeah.
Really?
You didn't hear Hell Hole?
No, I'm sorry, Matt.
I guess I'm just not in with the in crowd lately.
We have to play Hell Hole then.
This is all 10 Claudine Lachey songs that we collected.
They're played at the same time.
This is 12-tone berserk old panty underhose.
This is like, you know.
And that's kind of how it goes, but the ending is really good.
How it goes.
You know, like it goes.
Yeah.
You can kind of whistle that tune, right?
Could you cop all those changes, Mr. Smarty-ass?
Here's the last minute.
Stravinsky, man.
Night of Spring.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
사람이
with happiness
and
That's genius, man.
That's genius.
You can get grants for writing that kind of stuff, you know.
It is a deconditioning agent.
If you listen to the MKUltra tapes and gone very much into what they do at Fort Meade and stuff with a lot of the subjects,
this will actually reprogram and recondition a subject.
Like, we're not talking about math.
Fort Meade?
Yeah.
How much did I charge for that there?
Oh, I think it's like $175 just to get there.
How many months did you spend writing that composition?
Oh, it's been something I've been working on my entire life.
Yeah.
I can tell.
And I'm damn near 12.
I can tell.
It's like one of those whale songs.
It's the song of his life.
Well, that should get you on a 10-year track.
Well, I'm also a 12-year-old whale, and that is the song of my life.
So you're saying that you have been tortured and harassed and spied upon and stalked by kind of a willowy, wispy French woman with a luger?
That was post-war.
That was post-war.
Go past Lilith.
Mostly I've been chased down by boatloads of Japanese men with harpoons.
I thought you were going to say Japanese women and mean Korean women at the spa.
Of course not.
No, you've been taking that stuff again.
That stuff again.
You know what it is, don't you?
I'm a sperm whale.
Yes, you are a sperm whale.
You know what it is, don't you?
Look at that fish sperm whale.
I'm a sperm whale.
Look at that man.
I'm not a human.
I'm a sperm whale.
I am a sperm whale.
That blowhole is smooth.
And it's just the right size.
I think I know what we could take all of his fat to make little candies.
There's just a couple of little bristly hairs around the edge of it.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, look at the hairs on his chest.
I have never seen such a hairy whale.
She blows.
You wouldn't use the blowhole of a male whale.
Nothing queer about old duckling.
Call me the Gourmet.
Yes, there was me, I, and Moby Stick.
Lost as we were on the...
He's right there.
No, but put it out.
It's a couple minutes till.
That's as out as...
Put the bat outside.
My God, man.
Put the outside where it belongs.
Peel private bat off of your face and quit letting it make love to your throat and put it out.
It is not.
Put the bat out.
Put it out in the hallway or someplace.
It's bat cave.
In the bat room or whatever.
It is an operation.
We should let it loose here.
Maybe it could eat some of my blowhole lice.
Those, uh...
I'm not sure if you're on the right track.
You know, Doctor, like you, in some countries, blowhole lice are considered a delicacy and are baked with chocolate.
Covered with chocolate after they're baking.
They feed them milk and water.
That is a country where the bats walk like men.
They want the nits to be extra large so that they can...
They make their way into their bodies as well.
...where the bats walk like men.
Sometimes the bats, the meaning is diffused.
The radar becomes confused.
The sonar bounces off other caves and confuses and afflicts them.
They fly.
They flutter this way and that way, banging into the walls until all of them are dead.
What is wrong with this picture?
Why has nature and man forsaken us?
Why has nature and man forsaken us?
Why has nature and man forsaken us?
Well, that's very po-poetic of you.
Very, very po-poetic.
Dave.
But what does it mean?
It means that...
What...
Shouldn't this...
How does this help us?
How does this bring any...
The animals have lost their reason.
...meaning into our lives?
The animals have lost their reason.
The people have lost their reason.
Because is that not finally what we...
Lagumes blowhole knows.
...need, meaning?
You have to ask Lagumes blowhole.
Ask...
That's just blowhole.
...the blue pill and come down my blowhole.
This week on Ask Lagoon's Blowhole.
Lagoon, I mean Lagoon's Blowhole.
The answer, my friend, is blowing out his hole.
Who is responsible for the crash of Flight 103?
The answer is blowing out his hole.
Well, that wasn't a very, very, very cogent answer.
For someone as wise and beyond his ears as yourselves.
Each and every one of you have a responsibility to answer now.
Now, please, please, please.
Please, blowhole, tell us.
Blowhole, tell us.
Speak, oh magic blowhole.
He sits in the middle of my back playing the flute.
The blowhole flute.
The blowhole will not speak to us, has it forsaken us?
The blowhole flute is one of the strangest instruments.
The blowhole is a false prophet.
You are fools to follow the blowhole.
He lies, he lies.
Come with me and I will show you lies which you will call truth.
He is an infidel, he is a wacky, he is lies.
He is a mentirass.
Abandon the shot hole and go to the blowhole.
As we see the denizens making their way towards the blowhole,
the last alarm has been sounded and there's the evacuator.
It looks like the helicopter is coming down now,
but they're still marching on.
They're not stopping like little lambs, like tiny little lambs.
The last remnants of the human race.




The human race descended down into the vast blowhole
of the huge slumbering legume beast that the earth had become.
It's a hoax, my friend.
Floating in space, beached against Jupiter.
The great creature knew the end had come.
The distance of glistening off the rise of the sun.
The
He was attended by hegemonistic momentators, doctors and scientists,
specialists of all ages, specialists of all degree and kind,
who surrounded the blowhole and flicked at it with little scrapbooks,
and little pieces of tin cards.
The least of specials existed only for the sole purpose of cleaving the edges of the blowhole.
Down in the...
I'll pay tribute to the mighty blowhole of Claudine Léger.
I licked Claudine's blowhole.
I had a t-shirt like that for my...
I went on vacation.
You got a I Licked Claudine's Blowhole t-shirt, man?
You never...
Oh, man, I wish you had not only shown it to...
You gotta get a lap dance to get it.
You have to get...
If they give it to you with the lap dance.
Is she still doing lap dances?
I thought she was getting...
She's kind of falling down in the arches.
How much the whales do the lap dance.
Ah, I see why your legs look so paralyzed and stiff.
Or is that just...
As they loll upon the beach before they die...
Around the world, whales are beaching and dying.
The viruses are everywhere.
Committing suicides so that their great intelligence will no longer be exposed to the poisoning...
Soon, that smelly fat will cover the beaches.
...of the seas that covered the planet.
The flotsam and Jetsam will blow everywhere.
Legumes...
And huge, huge bones will bleach in the sunlight.
Whale.
Whales.
Hey, please, could you pass me the quill?
Have you seen the white whale?
Yes, friends, you have just heard...
A listener's choice by Farrell Edmonds...
Till next week.
...Hillen, Ivory Stinks, Charles Smiths...
Keep your head on tight.
...and there's a sparse and colored...
You're back to the wind and you're sacking the saddle.
...and Katatis Lediv.
Starring in the original part written for herself, Katat and Legume portrayed the angry blowhole.
The beautiful young Claudine Lange was portrayed by Chaz Smith.
The elderly Luger-wielding Claudine was played by the Reverend Ivan Stagg.
Playing himself and performing...
Performing as usual, I'm your host and moderator, Snatch Weasel.
Have a pleasant evening and ride up...
...somewhere over the rainbow.
Skies of blue.
This has been Dr. Legume tribute number two on Hour of Slack from the Church of the Sepgenius.
There will be more.
Meanwhile, you can see, hear, and read everything about all this, including Legume's first death in 1995 at subgenius.com.
And don't forget to check our Existlessness Twofer special.
That's subgenius.com.
Praise God.
