... a choice of a primordial importance, because Japan does not forgive divorce.
Hi, I've missed somebody.
I'm here tonight to talk about the rights of the unconceived.
That's right, you heard me right children.
The rights of the unconceived.
Those as yet not conceived.
Abstinence has been said on this stage already tonight, but it bears repeating. Abstinence is murder.
We're talking about going into a singles bar and protecting the rights of thousands of potential unborn people.
I don't understand you.
I just don't understand you.
I don't understand.
I don't understand the things you say.
I can't understand a single word.
I don't understand you.
I don't understand you.
I just don't understand you.
I heard a sound. I turned around.
Turned around to find the thing that made the sound.
The Soap Genius Hour of Swag.
Designed to make those synapses fire. Designed to make that blood circulate. Designed to make that heart throb even harder.
Yes. Causing vasoconstriction and violent headaches at times.
I'm going to go to the spooky post office.
Get the evil mail.
Yes.
And then...
And then...
Oh, the lobotomy. That's right. I have an appointment for a lobotomy.
Who?
Who?

This is a scary neighborhood this morning. Strangely silent.
No one on the streets.
Are the kids all in school or have they all been taken away to the future?
To be kept as slaves on Mars?
Huh.
Uh.
Oh...
Oh, wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.



When have you been himself...

You know...
I was raised in the altijdly orderity orderì.
It turned out fairly well.


No.
It
I haven't stayed on there to give you a good show.
I know.
Yeah, well, I haven't stayed.
We all know what happened to him.
What happened to him?
He fell from grace.
Yeah, all great men have their fall, and he met his, that's for sure.
Oh, really?
Well, who runs the Subgenius Foundation now?
Me.
Dr. Philodrum, and like it was always intended, I've taken over the Subgenius Foundation.
You mean you're a corporate radio station?
What?
You're now in Dallas, Texas.
Listen, this is more international than Dallas anymore.
Sure, that's a fine place to be born, but, you know, the boy grows up and has to go out into the world.
I know.
He has to go west, young man.
It's the same thing over and over.
It's like all the bad old movies you watch.
Oh, he's Hawaii.
That's great.
Let's go.
Well, what's your question, caller?
Well, how's your story?
I was just wondering.
You thought Ivan Stang was going to give a better show than we do, huh?
Is that what it boils down to?
Well, you know, you don't have to keep me in the corner about it.
Where's the kill button here?
Where is the kill button?
It's right over there, doctor.
There, that should teach these callers what happens when they get too big for their britches.
I was just kidding, caller.
I don't, sorry about that.
Too late.
You snuffed him.
He's gone.
I was just looking around, and then hit that button.
Well, you just looked at him, and he blew up.
I want to clear it.
I don't want anybody to think there's any rivalry between.
I'm just saying that Reverend Stang and myself.
Oh, no, no, no.
But, uh, well, look, I mean, there's only so much I can say.
My lawyers really caution me not to say very much about the situation,
because it could be damaging in the upcoming situation.
I won't refer to it, or really lead you on as to think it could be anything more than that.
Stay calm.
Everything will be all right.
The door seems to be jammed.
Please.
Check the lock on your side.
You get him from where you are.
We won't harm you.
We only want to help.
Look.
What?
I just punched up one, and I'm opening.
Should we zoom the?
What?
So it's best to go back to two.
Okay.
That's it.
Okay, now watch that reading.
Watch the needle on five now.
Watch it.
This.
This.
Now this.
This.
Which is the switch to get it out?
Master.
Okay, there we are.
What is the real dope on the cortex bond problem, anyway?
Oh, you find yourself with...
What if you...
And I punched two up.
Tonight we have a very special show for you.
Tonight we have...
Jesus.
Right.
Is that your cognomen?
Yeah, Reverend Jesus Christ of the Church of the Subgenius.
Okay.
And...
You can just call me Jesus or the Lord, Teacher, Messiah, King of Kings, JC.
JC.
One of those.
And the Subgenius is an organization.
The Subgenius Foundation, is it?
Right.
The Subgenius Foundation is more of the...
I'm the CFO of the Subgenius Foundation, which is sort of the capitalistic...
branch of the Church of the Subgenius.
The Church of the Subgenius is the...
actually the religion around it.
I mostly just run sort of the T-shirt and book-selling side of it.
I brought the money, the tax collectors and change collectors back into the church, actually, I feel.
I see.
So you righted the table.
Exactly.
Okay, well, there.
That works.
That works.
And you can perform marriages.
That's true.
Well, anyone who's ordained in our church...
We have a...
Much like...
Different than many other religions, we have a one-time $30 fee.
We sell eternal salvation or triple your money back.
That's been our promise for over 25 years.
And anyone who is ordained, as myself, through the church, which you can do on...
Can I put my shameless plug?
Okay, no money.
You can't say money, but you can say the website.
www.subgenius.com
But all of our reverends, yes, can perform marriages, sickenings, healings, and...
We'll marry you to anyone or anything.
We don't really have any laws.
I can marry you to your wallet, to your Dr. Demento hat.
Well, there you go.
Okay.
Has that been auctioned off?
That's been auctioned off.
The Dr. Demento top hat that's on my website, rome.org, R-O-M-M.
That was auctioned off at MarsCon.
I got to wear it briefly, and it was special.
I can marry you to your radio station.
In fact, I can marry everyone to everyone.
How did you happen to become a messiah?
Was that just...
Was that just a calling?
Yeah, it was more of a calling.
It was sort of an accident.
I sort of fell into it.
I was mowing the lawn of Reverend Ivan Stang,
who is kind of given the credit of founding the Church of the Subgenius.
Actually, J.R. Bob Dobbs is the founder,
but Reverend Stang sort of has picked up the word.
And one day, almost like a miracle,
I received a call from J.R. Bob Dobbs,
and he said to come work for the church in Dallas, Texas.
We now, of course, are located in...
Austin, Texas.
You know, a lot of moving.
The church tends to stay on its feet, you know,
just to avoid FBI, CIA, and such.
But yeah, it was sort of a revelation one day
when we realized that, you know,
of my personal divinity
and my calling to save the Church of the Subgenius
from financial ruin.
I see.
So did you have to get dunked or shaken
or whatever branch that is?
We have...
Well, within the church, we have what we call bobtisms,
which are...
usually done nude with a lot of people present
during our X-Day festival.
But personally, no, there's no light,
no, you know, blinding light from Bob.
There was just simply a phone call,
and he said,
Hey, you're Jesus, and by the way,
I'd like you to come work for me.
That's pretty much how it all started, yeah.
How many disciples do you have?
Well, not many.
You see, the strange thing is,
once I realized that I was the Lord and my own divinity,
I kind of looked back at history
and what happened before,
and I said, Where?
This is perfect.
If I just stay within the Church of the Subgenius
amongst the disbelievers and the blasphemers of the world,
no one will ever find me,
and perhaps I could sort of sneak out.
And this is my 33rd year of life,
and this is the year it's supposed to happen.
And I'm hoping that because I'm around the disbelievers
that I won't get nailed to the stick this time.
So I have very few disciples,
because really no one does truly believe that I am the Lord.
And as long as I can keep that low profile,
I think I'll be okay.
Well, do you want to go through the same experience
that the other one is going through?
No, absolutely not.
Absolutely not.
I've been promised by Bob.
Now, I know you don't know a lot about our philosophy.
Not a lot.
We believe that on July 5th this year,
the world will come to an end,
and all the saved subgeniuses,
that is, those of the non-human race,
those of the subgenius race,
will be taken up aboard the space vessels of the sex goddesses.
And I, too, am supposed to have a front seat ticket
on that space vessel.
And hopefully then, I won't have to go through the whipping
and the bleeding, and you know, you've seen the passion.
Well, I've heard about it.
Yeah, me too.
It's a relatively well-known story.
Yeah.
Been around for a while.
Been around for a while.
And that's, so what is your philosophy?
I mean, how do you, do you,
what are some of your major holidays?
Well, our main holiday is X-Day.
That would be the end of the world.
That is July 5th at 7 a.m.
And this is, I believe, the sixth time
that we've predicted the end of the world.


And it hasn't happened.
So that puts us right up with some of the greatest.
That's true.
You're up with the Millerites, yes.
Yeah.
So we're hoping this time, you know,
maybe after we get seven or eight, you know,
we can get even better than, like,
let's say the Jehovah Witnesses
or, you know, the Seventh-day Adventists, you know.
But X-Day is our main holiday that we have.
There are some other ones in there,
St. Janer's Day and such.
I've always advocated that a subgenius holiday
should happen exactly five days
after the conspiracy holiday.
Okay.
So you can hit up the website.
You can get all the good sales.
But, you know, that's...
That works for me, yeah, sure.
...not necessarily caught on yet.
And is there any sort of dietary restrictions?
No, no.
A subgenius will eat just about near anything.
I'll tell you.
Well, our group is very eclectic.
It is a group of people who seriously believe
almost nothing or those who will believe
just about anything.
The philosophy itself is based in a...
on the...
shifty, sandy beaches of hypocrisy.
We're one of the few churches,
and this is what lacks in religion today, Barron,
is we're one of the few religions that not only lie,
but we tell you the truth about it.
The rest of them are going to lie to you.
We're the only ones that are going to honestly tell you right now
we're lying to you.
So kind of make the philosophy up as you go.
That's pretty unique.
It's true.
Most of them just sort of say,
well, this is the truth in various forms.
And whether they're lying or not,
they'll just claim it's the truth.
Correct.
One of the things that Bob has always told us
is that pretty much if you say it,
it is the law.
You know, whatever it is that you truly want to believe.
Bob once said to us,
you'll pay to know what you really think.
And really that's where it's based in.
We also have the fundamental belief in slack.
Slack.
And that is, yes,
the non-ending chase for fulfillment.
Of your own personal dreams, whatever that may be.
Which they should cut you.
Yes.
And you should get, everyone should cut you some slack, right?
That's right.
But in the meantime, here is an apropos song.
This is Jesus Jr.
Jesus Jr.
His grandpa is the Lord.
Jesus Jr.
He drives a big white Ford.
Jesus Jr.
He takes his dad's advice.
Jesus Jr.
The country of Western Christ.
Well, he was born in Tennessee, not somewhere out in Galilee.
His dad got his at Calvary and his mom works at the grocery.
Jesus Jr.
His grandpa is the Lord.
Jesus Jr.
He drives a big white Ford.
Jesus Jr.
His grandma marries Joy.
Father, son, and a holy good old boy.
Well, Junior takes his name in vain when folks abuse the passing lane.
And at his favorite bar main, the only thing he'll raise is cane.
Jesus Jr.
His grandpa is the Lord.
Jesus Jr.
He drives a big white Ford.
Jesus Jr.
At least he's not a Jew.
Ten for Satan, his rigs passing you.
Now if his father is a Jew, he's a Jew.











His wheels get stuck in mud.
He'll part that shoulder lock, the flood.
And when he drives on, he's stir but his left hand signals drip in blood.
Jesus Jr.
His grandpa is the Lord.
Jesus Jr.
Got mud guards on his big white Ford.
Jesus Jr.
He takes his dad's advice.
Jesus Jr.
The country of Western Christ.
Jesus Jr.
The country of Western Christ.
Because of our special guest.
Hello, my name is Dave Rome.
You're listening to Shockwave Radio Theater.
And over there is Jesus.
Not the one with the nails, but the one with the subgenius.
The one with the checkbook.
The one with the checkbook.
And the Church of the Subgenius has been around for a while, hasn't it?
Yeah, we originally, well, some people say that the church was originally founded back in the 60s.
But the first book, the Book of the Subgenius, and pamphlet number one was penned in 1980.
As you may or may not know, we also have the Hour of Slack radio program that's on in many public radio stations and colleges across the United States and Canada.
And that's been going on also since that time.
So we have our own ministry of merchandise.
How do you convert people?
What do you say to them as they're coming out of the Scientology booth or whatever?
Well...
Most of our people, it's very difficult to know where you're going to find a subgenius or what's going to draw them to us.
Sometimes it's hearing the preachers.
Sometimes it's the books.
Sometimes it's Bob.
Mostly it's just the promise of cheap sex that really draws in most of our members.
Okay, well, sure.
And how did you happen to pick Jesus as your savior as opposed to the Dalai Lama or the chief rabbi?
Well, actually, the savior, I guess you can think of actually the Jesus of the Church of the Subgenius is not really me.
Sort of the leader behind it all is Bob.
J.R. Bob Dobbs is the world's greatest salesman.
He's a multimillionaire.
Actually, he's a multibillionaire.
Many people think Bill Gates is the richest man in the world.
Friends, if you know the name of the richest man in the world, he's not the richest man in the world.
There are people who can buy and sell Bill Gates.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs happens.
Be one of these.
Not only is he the richest man, but he also is the luckiest man.
And that is pretty much how he made his money.
Bob always said, I'd rather be lucky than good any day.
And he is.
Extremely lucky.
Okay.
And so, let me start that sentence again.
Describe some of your more pleasant rituals.
We have a lot of, like I said earlier, healings, sickenings.
The marriage ritual, I think, is the...
Well...
Would you mind?
Would you mind if I married your entire audience today?
I mean, I can do that.
A mass marriage real quick.
Sure.
It'll only take about 30 seconds or so.
Okay, so all of you out there, be prepared to get hitched.
Yeah, what you want to do, and maybe we can come back after a little while,
and at least let you find your significant other.
Man, woman, animal.
Again, we can marry you to your wallet.
Or your favorite CD.
To your favorite CD.
Just, you know, grab anything, but you do want to have it prepared and with you.
The marriage ceremony, is there something that we need to do?
Sprinkle rice or, I don't know.
No, you simply just need to have the person or object that you wish to marry with you.
In thought?
Do they have to physically be there?
No, they don't even have to really be there.
In fact, you could call them up later and let them know that you're married.
Now, this is what we call a short-duration personal marriage.
I see.
We feel that long-term relationships are, you know, really a part of the conspiracy.
So, today's marriage ceremony, at least for this one that we're doing over there,
will just be for 24 hours.
I see.
And then, of course, it's annulled.
But during that 24 hours, you are legally...
Bonded in holy matrimony.
Okay.
So, I'll play the fake organ here.
Oh, are we ready to do it?
Yes, go for it.
Well, what are you going to get married to there, Baron?
I think I'll get married to this Kinky Friedman CD.
Okay, that's appropriate.
I'm going to do sort of the short version here of the subgenius short-duration personal marriage.
The first thing you want to do, though, is take out your CD or your favorite person,
your loved one.
Or your wallet.
And you want to just hold it in your left hand.
Something that means something to you.
Something that means something to you.
And I'll just do this.
Everyone can just play along at home, but I'll do it with the Baron here.
Baron, in the name of J.R. Bob Dobbs and what other deities, gods, and saints you may wish to worship at this time,
do you take this CD to be your lawfully wedded object?
For the next 24 hours.
Aum.
That's a yes.
And do you, CD, take the Baron David Rahm to be your lawfully wedded partner, at least for the next 24 hours, till death do us part?
Yes, the clapping of the CD.
Then, now this is something you could do if you actually have a human.
This might be difficult with a CD.
Shake their hand and say, it's a deal.
And friends, in the name of J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
that was the quickest way to do it.
The quickest short-duration marriage on record.
I now pronounce you thing and thing for the next 24 hours.
Praise Bob.
Wow.
Yeah, yeah.
I've discussed this with the CD, but I really only got married for the health insurance.
You must now consummate the marriage!
Oh, I forgot that part.
Oh.
Well, I already played the CD.
Well, I don't...
You can wait till after.

Okay.
I don't necessarily want to see that.
You can wait till after the show.
Okay.
Okay.
Sure.
Do you have a lot of luck proselytizing when you go out and spread the word?
Well, I think we do.
I think people...
It's a message that people want to hear.
And, you know, we really don't collect feedback.
I don't think we really care whether or not we're getting through.
We mostly just preach with big megaphones.
Sort of a one-way communication.
We just sort of, you know, force our message on to people.
I mean, that's just the way of religion.
That's right.
You know, we don't really care whether people...
Well, do you have gatherings?
I mean, I went to one of your big gatherings in 1984.
It was a while ago.
That was a big thing in Chicago.
Yeah, we have what we call devivals, subgenius devivals.
And, in fact, a lot of them take place in the North, the frozen North, in places such
as Cleveland, Ohio.
And if you want to know more about these devivals and when you can go to them, see preachers,
see some subgenius music, go to our website.
It's simply subgenius.com.
Maybe I should spell it.
I don't know if you know that for the geniuses out there.
Sure.
The subgeniuses, right.
S-U-B-G-E-N-I-U-S.
There's no O in subgenius.
Some people try to put it in there.
And if you do, then you know you belong to our group, right?
That's right.
The subgenius is an interesting word.
A lot of people believe that means that you're stupid, you're under a genius.
But, truly, it's the genius of the subculture is what it was supposed to be.
I know there was a rival group, the Wile E. Coyote Super Genius branch that had...
Yes.
...a split off.
I don't know if that was a heresy of yours or just...
Well, there's a lot of...
We do have a lot of clenches and a lot of detractors that will go out and form their
own groups.
The Church of Dawn, some of you may have heard of.
It's a pretty popular group.
Church of Dawn.
Yeah.
It's sort of the anti-Bob group for the people who hate Bob.
I should think the anti-Bob would be Odo.
No, Obo.
Obo.
Obo.

Strangely enough, you know, Baron, that's why you are a great subgenius because there
is an anti-Bob named Obo.
It's amazing.
It's just like it's already been in your brain.
Well, there you go.
The electric mind is one that can achieve a versatile high quality self-medication.
Oh, I was...
Excuse me.
I didn't realize you were going to open the door.
I should have locked it.
Well, now...
Oh, oh, oh, hold on.
Hold on a moment.
You know, science doesn't acknowledge the existence of some of these transient phenomena.
After all, science must basically pick up a conservative position.
Well, I've been using this brain, I mean this machine for years and science says it
doesn't even work and yet I found it to be greatly satisfying and pleasing to my alpha
rhythms.
Not only that, the...
This is fascinating.
Yes, the vibrations that get processed when the brain is in motion is one that can only
be reflected in the brain.
You can see it back upon oneself with the proper polarity and reversal transmission
migration, mutated magnetic resonances.
Magnetic mutants getting you down?
Mutated magnetic resonances.
Well, there's always one thing you can do about it.
You can dispense these altered ones, let's call them, who cluster around the more fortunate
like magnetic monopoles in a cloud chamber.
Nogahyde.
do with this social solace? It's a question we've asked since the beginning of time. Are we going to sweep the problem under the societal rug?
Is it Naga Hive or Corinthian leather? Or perhaps use the societal vacuum cleaner in the societal closet to suck up every particle of that which makes us uncomfortable or afraid? Is it simulated Naga Hive?
But some of us understand that all men are my brothers, though I wouldn't want some of them to marry my sister.
And which animal line does the Naga descend?
According to the latest scientific information, male marmosets...
A Naga is related to the marmoset.
The Naga, you say?
The Naga is related to the marmoset. Naga is the source of the Naga Hive.
Yes, that's right.
But I was speaking of male marmosets and...
Their high approval of sex. In other words, the realm of monkey love.
The mighty monkey.
Upon noticing the seductive, sexy scent of a female marmoset...
Did you know that if a marmoset was the size of a human that it could lift its own body and a house?
A male marmoset doesn't pursue her mindlessly.
Male marmosets appear to think about, not just react to what they're getting into.
Just as people do.
But they...
Well, they said that, but their actions would belie their true intent.
That's it. It's time for hot coos by Dave.
I'm sorry, but you're going to have to listen now.
I once was a very happy young man.
At the age of five, my father taught me how to bleed and stop the bleeding
in case an emergency involving a garbage truck should ever ensue.
At 19, I took my first banking down by the river with a thermos.


He said they used nen see a cliched way to CGI himself.
So I used the hoenk to scan the
He's still as miserable and stinky as no town.
Let's do it to him again.
Come on, go on.
Ungrateful as he ever was.
He was a red-headed stepchild, Dave was.
And they yanked him by that red hair and threw him into the well.
Until he learned respect for his elders.
And so here he is today.
Thank you.
Thank you, everyone.
Let's have a hand.
Thank you.
Who is giving Elder Dingleberry their props now is Dave with his beautiful,
not only red hair, but his entirely red face.
He's ready to face an entire basketball team armed with AK-47s.
Ask a silly question.
You just might get the truth.
It's there between the ditches and the ruts.
It's real hieroglyphics.
I'm callous to the touch.
You ask me if I'm happy, guess I'm happy enough.
God is like the French.
He understands English, but he doesn't like to speak it lest he must.
You ask him to repeat himself, he'll grind you into dust.
Do you need to hear more?
No, I think I've heard enough.
Yeah.
Ask me if I'm happy, guess I'm happy enough.
Ooh.

Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.

The objects in the mirror are closer than they seem, but they're backwards like Leonardo's
hand.
He wrote all of the answers down in disappearing ink.
And I'm happy.
Yes, I'm happy.
As a goddamn clam.
I'm happy.
Oh, I'm happy enough.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.

Ooh.
There's music at the minimart.
There's rhythm in the rails.
I gotta think for sixteenth notes right at the top.
I was just about to crack it, but the cold got tough.
You ask me if I'm happy, guess I'm happy enough.
Dot dot dot dash dash dash dot dot dot, ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
We were doodling in the margins of the Doomsday book.
You could draw a dick, but not a crowd.
So we turned it up loud and we sang it real rough
Did it make you happy? Made me happy enough
Oh, I guess it made me happy, made me happy enough
I was digging through my bottom drawer of uncut gems
Looking for a ruby in the rough
Hold my beer while I wrestle with the clown and get pinned
Ask me if I'm happy, guess I'm happy enough
I guess, guess, guess, guess I'm happy enough
Hey, love is all around you if you know where to look
My life is overflowing with the stuff
You'll know it when you see it, it'll hit you like a book
Guess it made me happy, made me happy enough
Ask me if I'm happy, guess I'm happy enough
I'm happy, happy, happy, happy, happy enough
I'm happy, happy, happy, happy, happy enough
I'm happy, happy, happy, happy enough
I'm happy, happy, happy, happy, happy enough
I'm happy, happy, happy, happy, happy enough
I love ya all, I'll give you six more
I love you, I'm going to put wonky by choking on abroad
Cause I won't regret it
Got a flight out to Yale next month
Hear ya later, wake up to the sound
I've been along here six years
Jesus had AK-47.
Jesus had a Stinger missile.
I just understand that's the old world.
They're in new thinking now.
See, that's what's happened today.
People get sloughed off with these cheap imitations.
Yeah, but Papa Joe, Mama, I can't even have a list of high-ranking officials
that were there that night and were actually such geniuses.
All right, punch it up.
Well, it has been alleged that certain hierarchies
have carried weapons of destruction on their persons during public appearances,
but this is merely a defensive measure, let me assure you.
These allegations of opening up on the audience,
dispensing with people that didn't applaud loud enough,
these are purely exaggerations.
Okay, all right, there was some shooting on the audience,
but it was target practice.
We were deliberately missing.
Tell the truth.
Okay, okay, so all right.
A few.
A few people were hit, but that was from cricket change.
What a beautiful future it is.
Listen, would I lie to you?
Would I lie to you?
We're the elite of the world.
Those people that died, those were people that wanted to die.
They jumped up in the line of fire.
Would you lie to me?
What about that night you told me you were?
Well, never mind.
Never mind, never mind.
Quote the Raven, never mind.
Quote the Raven, never mind.
There's a place where there's no sun to shine.
A little planet called X19.
No flow with rivers, no communist.
Just poor paper and electric mist.
What do you know?
What do you know?
What do you know?
What do you know?
She's driving me crazy.
Ah, the view is hazy.
Oh, no, it happened again.
And every time I say,
I'll never fly with lizard eyes and turn the other way
Then you find you came to swim in water
That is free and pulling in the night sky
Of a land beyond, beyond a world of hope and fear
And so I bid you space man
Now I'm here
Now I'm here
Now I'm here
Now I'm here
There's a place where there's no sunshine
A little planet called X-19
No flowing rivers, no communists
Just poison, vapor and electric mist
What do you know?
What do you know?
What do you know?
What do you know?
She's driving me mad
I see and I see bad
Oh no, it happened again
And every time it goes
I put her in my sights
I jump like Geronimo
And move the nutritional
Line
I see out of the sky
Ahtop with Summeransa
Now up here
Now up here
There's a place where there's no sunshine
A little planet called XY9
No flowing rivers, no communists
Just poison, vapor, and electric mist
There's a place where there's no sunshine
A little planet called XY9
No flowing rivers, no communists
Just poison, vapor, and electric mist
What do you know?
What do you know?
Chaz Smith's Einstein's Secret Orchestra
A song about Planet X
From the rare album Sex in Another Dimension
I've worked with that Cleveland band for years
Michelle George on electric violin
Dave DeLuca on guitar
Bob Muzzick drums
Regis Sedlock music

Mixin'
Well, sir, ma'am, X Day is a-comin'
Including an actual real-life gathering
At Landa Id in Florida
I'm about to play audio of the section about X Day Drills
From Sandy Boone's new documentary
J.R. Bob-Dob's and the Church of the Subgenius
Now streaming everywhere but Netflix
The voices you'll hear are
Irreverent Friday Jones
Papa Joe Mama
Dr. Legume
Onan Canobite
Hal Robbins
Doug Wellman
Me and Dr. Philo Drummond
ips.com
I mean this is the fulcrum event of human history
This is when we finally get our history back in our own hands
What an ad
It's time to join the subgenius revolution!
The countdown has begun. It's like Christmas, you know? Santa's coming. Santa's coming real soon.
We've got the shortwave. Tune in and hear Santa delivering his little gifts of death and destruction.
That next day you always see all sorts of different people and they all have this kind of common sense of humor, a warped sense of humor, a dark sense of humor.
And I find dark sense of humor to be the most fascinating type of sense of humor because it's taboo.
You could talk about all these taboo subjects and make jokes about things that polite company would find extremely distasteful.
Find out if he's really Jewish!
He's not Jewish if he's not!
It was cool as shit. I was a socially awkward person and suddenly, you know, after a couple of sermons, I could go to half the towns on the East Coast and people would open their doors to me, buy me dinner.
And I was like, I'm going to be a good man.
About a week ago, I had a vision of 7 o'clock coming and Reverend Stang getting up on stage and making some kind of lame excuse why the saucers didn't come.
And some bent dumbass out in the audience just putting a bullet in.
We're missing Jesus and Stang.
Perhaps there are some amongst us that are worried that if nothing shows up in 20 minutes, they're going to get themselves beat to a bloody pulp.
What?
There's a white limo pulling up!
It is a white limousine!
Hail the limousine!
Of course, there's tremendous feeling of anticipation.
20 years ago, I thought 1998 was a million years off.
Jeez, it's really coming. This is really happening.
This is the original handwritten note in J.R. Bob Dog's own hand that says,
The world ends here.
July 5th, 7 a.m., 1998.
All right!
This is the original paper touched by Bob.
It's been difficult to be patient, but I knew that if I just persevered, I'd be able to say goodbye from above, from the saucers.
30 seconds.
Here's this joke that I've been telling myself and other people for over half my life.
13, 12, 13.
11, 6, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Suck up if they can't take a joke!
And then the saucers didn't show up.
At one time, this date was comfortably far in the future.
But it has turned out that the pleasure saucers of the sex goddesses did not descend on that occasion to lift us all off into universes of slag.
Everybody was looking around, looking around at each other.
He's a charlatan!
That fucking charlatan's been lying to us all these years!
There ain't no Bob Dog, it's just a fucking doll!
It's a fucking dummy!
I just did what Bob told me to do!
I had a real philosophical problem with the X-Day thing, and I still have a hard time remembering the date.
Because in any religion, if you have an end-of-the-world date, I think it should be written into the bylaws that that date has to happen long after you, the person issuing the date, is dead.
You don't put it just a few years later.
We never really expected the church to go to 1998.
Back in 1981, we set 98 out there because it was still way out there.
We tried to warn him, children.
He wouldn't listen.
You can't take all the money, all the girls and all the slag, and never have to pay it back.
We're gonna need a good lubricant, aren't we, children?
I guess to be honest, I'd have to say that I never really expected any flying saucers.
To be honest,
a lot of this stuff is really, really stupid.
But I guess a lot of people need something really stupid in their lives to give it meaning.
I don't know. It's still a pretty beautiful world we've got here.
And Bob is still a very important part of my life and always will be.
There was some sense that now, now what?
From across the nation they came and they saw
A new will begin in northern Arkansas
They rose in storms and hurled at night
To the new awakening and talk, talk and die
They shared seeds of love and grew in time
The journey was dead and they were meeting in time
The body was there but they were new
There was mostly cool guys like me and you
And we got high, so high on the ground too
Yeah, we got high, so high on the ground too
We ate lots of mushrooms to commune with nature
How are we to know we'd have to move our ship later?
Five hundred colors flashed into my brain
My cell division occurred in three or four planes
My brain was blasted, my head feeling fixed
My eyeballs protruded but I didn't get sick
We packed up my tips but we kept seeing dots
Yeah, we found that the peak had gotten all the best spots
So we got high, so high
So high on the ground too
Yeah, we got high, so high on the ground too
The people were happy, they were all having fun
While Dr. Sparback was farming skulls in the sun
The corpses were swinging, their love did abound
The average corpse floated a foot off the ground
The bandit dare not watch him die
The bandit's name was the only thing in his name
While his doctors on the flint shell were claiming their fame
Sparkdog explosion and combo gang fun
Finishes their sin just in time for life
And we got high, so high on the ground too
Yeah, we got high, so high on the ground too
With two people that liked Pakistan



The bandit even killed Ar丈夫
The bandit locked him up on all sides
Then , without any issues, was killed
The bandit hid his hippo, Reptilander and Bützen
He had his sleeping bagigger



full of bottles of gin
Ah yes, dear friends, the swinging love corpses
Gonna go back there, I'll even meet the Pope
Better make it to Toc-Toc, or just give up hope
The dead will be walking, maybe Bob will appear
The sound of chainsaws will be all that you hear
Now I'm gonna go back, and I won't be stopped
I'm gonna go back to smoke the ultimate frown
You just can't imagine what it's like to go
When reality's on hold, and Toc-Toc's the show
We got one!
One!
One!
Hi!
Go hi?
...Toc-Toc!
Oh yeah, oh, yeah!
I climb down- I climbed up all the way to the top
I took, I took everything you could think of
I shot.
I smoked.
I smoked heroin...
I sorted marijuana.
I stuck a stiff glue.
I put barbiturate repositories in my rectal cavity.
The Swingin' Love Corpses, Philo on vocals.
That song is about the pre-X Day subgenius events called Doc Stock,
but it perfectly describes the average X Day drill as well.
And now, Oingo Boingo.
Oingo Boingo.
Little people with tiny brains.
Little bullets flowing in their veins.
What do they want? What do they want?
Little airplanes with tiny bombs.
Two squadrons dropping dimples on their palm.
They want you, you, you, you, you, you.
Look at them!
Look at them!
Look at them!
Look at them!
Look at them!
Look at them!
Look at them!

Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, that's the difference with the machine.
You look like you're gone, but yourumba is flying.


Hi-ha!
guitar solo
guitar solo
Tiny people with little guns
Little armies march to little drums
What do they want? What do they want?
Tiny soldiers with little guns
Little tanks no bigger than your bomb
They want you, you, yeah, you, you, you
guitar solo
Tiny people with little guns
Tiny people with little guns
Tiny people with little guns
That's such a perfect image for what we're going through right now,
what's trying to pierce our humble little books.
And there you see,
Yeah, once the administration is in place.
The administration is in place now.
You know, at least with Clinton,
it was a literal screw.
Yeah, right.
When they said you were getting screwed,
that's exactly what they meant.
I mean, that's what it was.
That meant if you were like some blonde fired...
This secondary thing, it's like,
think how many Monica Lewinsky's there are in between us and George now.
And none of them are cute.
None of them are cute.
None of them are cute.
None of them are cute.
Everyone is like,
they're just more ugly, old white men,
all the way down the line,
except for a few old white women
who are really ugly old white men in disguise.
Well, that is where our power structure is today.
We have 500 ugly old women disguised
as 500 ugly old men.
Now there's like thousands of them.
Mm-hmm.
Most of them don't even look as much like a woman as she does.
Or even as much like Janet.
Same much.
Same much.
I mean, hey, I don't judge a book by its cover.
I judge it by how many pages are stuck together.
Here you come fully equipped with a bunch of those quotable quotes.
Janis Joplin or Janet Reno, who sang the blues better?
With a grading system of 10 to 9, in what way?
Who had more soul?
Who had the greater range?
Who does ball and chain better might be another way to look at it.
That was erudite.
That was laconic.
That was lugubrious.
I mean, forget all of that.
That was quick.
That was a panacea.
Love is like a ball and a chain, yay, yay, yay, yay, baby.
Oh, my gosh.
Oh, my God.
We just watched one of his strangest.
We're looking at the Internet monitor right now.
We're not going to get the Internet porno on the radio anymore.
Higgins, forgive the bluntness, but if I'm to be in this business,
I shall be a responsible.
I'm responsible for the girl.
I hope it's clearly understood that no advantage is to be taken of her position.
What, that thing?
Sacred, I assure you.
Come now, Higgins, you know what I mean.
This is no trifling matter.
Are you a man of good character where women are concerned?
Have you ever met a man of good character where women are concerned?
Yes, very frequently.
Well, I haven't.
I find the moment a woman makes friends with me,
she becomes jealous, exacting, suspicious, and a damn nuisance.
And I find the moment that I'm not.
I make friends with a woman, I become selfish and tyrannical.
So here I am, a confirmed old bachelor and likely to remain so.
Well, after all, Pickering, I'm an ordinary man who desires nothing more than just an ordinary chance
to live exactly as he likes and do precisely what he wants.
An average man of mine, of no eccentric whim, who likes to live his life free of strife,
doing whatever he thinks is right.
And he does whatever he thinks is best for him.
Well, just an ordinary man.
But let a woman in your life, and your serenity is through.
She'll redecorate your home from the cellar to the dome,
then go on to the enthralling fun of overhauling you.
Let a woman in your life, and you're up against a wall.
Make a plan, and you will find.
She has something else in mind, and so rather than do either, you do something else that neither likes at all.
You want to talk of Keats or Milton.
She only wants to talk of love.
You go to see a play or ballet and spend it searching for her glove.
Let a woman in your life, and you invite eternal strife.
Let them buy their wedding bands for those anxious little hands.
I'd be equally as willing for a dentist to be drilling than to ever let a woman in my life.
I'm a very gentle man, even-tempered and good-natured, whom you never hear complain,
who has the milk of human kindness by the court in every vein.
A patient man am I, down to my fingertips.
The sort who never could, ever would, let an insulting man in.
Remark, escape his lips.
A very gentle man.
But let a woman in your life, and patient hasn't got a chance.
She will beg you for advice, your reply will be concise, and she'll listen very nicely,
then go out and do precisely what she wants.
You are a man of grace and polygamy, who never spoke above a hush.
Now all at once, you're...
You're using language that would make a sailor blush.
Let a woman in your life, and you're plunging in a knife.
Let the others of my sex tie the knot around their necks.
I'd prefer a new edition of the Spanish Inquisition than to ever let a woman in my life.
I'm a quiet living man,
who prefers to spend the evenings in the silence of his room.
Who likes an atmosphere as restful as an undiscovered tomb.
A pensive man am I, a philosophic joy.
Who likes to meditate, contemplate, free from humanity's mad, inhuman noise.
Quiet living man.
But...
Let a woman in your life, and patient hasn't got a chance.
Let a woman in your life, and your sabbatical is through.
In a line that never ends, come an army of her friends,
come to jab her and to chatter and to tell her what the matter is with you.
She'll have a booming, boisterous family, who will descend on you en masse.
She'll have a large, Wagnerian mother, with a voice that shatters glass.
Let a woman in your life...
Hey, Monty's never to see the boy, eh? I say this to you.
Let her. Let her see her. Let her see her.
Let a woman in your life...
My very own Sonia Monty's face.
All right, now you go say that to the...
I shall never let a woman in my life...
Rex Harrison singing in My Fair Lady.
Of course, by the end of the show, you'll be singing in my fair lady.





Oh, he's singing a different tune.
A friend of mine said that was his theme song when he was fourteen.
Anyway, friends, this is Hour of Slack, and for more information on pretty much anything,
start with subgenius.com, and then follow any old rabbit hole you jolly well please.
They're all bottomless.
That's subgenius.com.
For all the Facebook pages, Google forums, Discord and Mastodon and whatnot forums,
and the X Day events, whatever.
It's there.
And with that, I'm out of here, Price Bob.
Thanks to the Empire Jazz Orchestra there for the music.
Yeah.
