Well, right now, this minute, I'm going to do something that may overthrow the entire radio business.
I'm going to read you a commercial, but I'm not going to say a word about laboratory tests or quote you statistics or make medical claims.
All I'm going to say simply and honestly is this.
Ladies and gentlemen, try, just try, the finest money can buy.
Every advanced technique and control is concentrated on the subgenius.
This hour of slack.
Watch.
Is this an hour of slack now?
Should I turn this thing to manual record?
Maybe I should.
From PR News in Washington, I'm secretly awaiting secret punishment.
The trial has entered the secreting phase for decades.
Prosecutors say they may call 20 leaking secret witnesses.
Officials blame that 23% increase largely on the insurgency and insurgents.
Not the large, strong PR News stimulus.
The United Nations says Thailand's king convicted of stark stimulate says this is PR.
In a country that has seen a great deal of PR news.
And violence.
Thai official banged the king's long cock in a seaside palace, leaving only in a wheelchair.
The Dow Jones 5 9 18 36 34 16 3.
The nation's economy says this is PR News.
I just turned hell up.
Yes, it's true.
I'm always kind of up.
That hour.
Unlike all other hours.
Specifically distinguished.
I think this is where.
I'm.
I think this is OK for me.
By its slack for quality.
Yes.
The slack for sound.
And hence, given the appealing.
So, Ricky, the hour of slack.
Oh, yes.
The super hour of slack.
The time of relief.
And laxity.
Relaxation.
The opposite of coming through the airwaves.
Yes.
It's a nerd.
It's a flame war.
No, it's the hour of slug.
Slag.
Slag.
Yes.
Slag.
And so it was that J.R. Bob Dobbs did sell his remedy of slack.
Yay.
And prescribe it for all.
Even though the conspiracy might have proscribed it.
Who's your doctor?
My friend.
What kind of medicament do you want to swallow on the end of that jagged twisted pot metal spoon?
Conspiracy drugs or.
Oh, well, they killed the man.
The man just got here.
How quick they killed the conspiracy drug.
They killed us.
We're dead.
No, actually, we were live in front of an audience at Wisteria Campground doing hour of slack using Tarzan's radio station.
The one I'm using now.
At Wisteria Campground.
I said that on July 2nd, the second day of 16 X Day Trill.
And that's where we'll be for most of this show, which includes performances by Evolution Control Committee, the Mutant Mountain Boys, the Slot Rods and Reverend Dow Jones with multiple fisted tales of Connie doing Florida Man.
The only thing not from next day is PR news and collages.
By the great Lee Murr.
But now at 16 X Day Live, Andrew the Impale with a truly inspiring nerd anthem.
We're going to we're going to conclude the part of my my brand new stuff with a song called Sapio Sexual.
Now, as many of you know, Sapio Sexual is a person who gets off on on intelligence, somebody who digs the nerds.
All right.
Sapio Sexual, that is now.
There's going to be.
A lot of letters in this song come flying past you.
They are DNA sequence.
They're genetic code.
You do not need to memorize them.
There will not be a test.
All right.
C.T.G.A.
I got some fresh DNA.
I got it for you.
A.T.C.G.
Why don't you come get with me?
Got nothing better to do.
You're C.C.T.G.A.T.T.A.
C would go nice with my C.C.T.G.A.T.A.T.
My advice.
Let's get down today in a sapiosexual way.
What kind of girl?
She's a sapiosexual.
Yeah, I know what that means.
And that's hot, hot.
At least to her, because she digs intellectuals.
Yeah, she likes the geeks.
Well, you're new to the scene.
You might be kind of keen.
Do you know what I mean?
When I say I like them genes.
O.C.T.G.A.
I got some fresh DNA.
I got it for you.
A.T.C.G.
Why don't you come get with me?
Got nothing better to do.
You're C.C.T.G.A.T.T.A.A.C.
Would go nice with my C.C.T.G.A.T.A.T.
My advice.
Let's get down today in a sapiosexual way.
Sometimes girls take all that time to pretty up.
But they're just for today.
And it's gonna fade.
Some other girls, they only want to shake it up.
Get drunk and laid.
Well, that's a lie.


That ain't for me.
The woman that I seek.
She might be up till three.
But with a book of poetry.
And my C.C.T.A.T.
I got some fresh DNA.
I got it for you.
O.A.T.C.G.
Why don't you come get with me?
Got nothing better to do.
You're C.C.T.G.A.T.T.A.A.C.
Would go nice with my C.C.T.G.A.T.A.T.
My advice.
Let's get down today in a sapiosexual way.
You saw that I caught under your subtle reference.
To a movie that not more than 10,000 people have seen.
Among there and there and there.
Well, I know the difference.
So how'd you like to mix it up with me?
And I see.
If you want the kind of guy that makes you laugh.
Takes you by surprise.
And you realize.
He wants you because of the mind you have.
Now can you empathize?
There's no need to be scared.
Let's be fair.
We'd make a nifty pair.
If you have the MC.
If you have the MC.
For my C.C.T.G.A.T.
I got some fresh DNA.
I got it for you.
A.T.C.G.
Why don't you come get with me?
Got nothing better to do.
You're C.C.T.G.A.T.T.A.C.
Would go nice with my C.C.T.G.A.T.T.
C.C.T.G.A.T.T.A.T.T.
My advice.
Let's get down today.
In a sapiosexual way.
I said let's get it down today.
In a sapiosexual way.
That was Andrew D. Impale.
Live from the C.C.T.G.A.T.T.
at 60 next day.
And now back to our man live
at Wisteria.
Dr. Howland Owl.
Well we're trying but
unfortunately technical difficulties
are constraining the
broadcast at this point.
We are experiencing
descended testicle difficulties
with this broadcast.
Speak for yourself.
I've uh
I don't have as much to deal
with in that respect as
everybody.
You mean like Adolf Hitler and so on?
Jawohl.
Jawohl Herr Kamin.
We discussed the difficulty of
Hitler's testicles
in an earlier broadcast.
Yes. We don't need to cover that.
We're not going to come back to that
cheesy old subject this time.
Although sometimes it is
important to use the
flensing knife of truth
to separate fact from legend.
Well apparently the chair
tried to take the floor
but we tabled the motion.
It does sound kind of fuzzy
outside of these headphones.
I'm monitoring my little mini recorder.
How much is your own unique
biological auditory hookup?
And uh
it sounds like it's overmodulated or something.
Well there
can be overmodulation
and undermodulation but you see
what gets through in any case.
The show's already started.
Nobody else can hear it but uh
except for me.
As if anyone cares.
Even Dr. Howell can't hear it.
Well I lack headphones
but I don't lack enthusiasm
and uh we are here to add
our little widow's mite
to the assembled
riches of our broadcast monument.
Praise Bishop Stick who has
stuck with it until it was the problem was solved.
Neither rain nor lightning nor mud
could keep Stick back.
Rock and Stick.
The two basics of life friends.
Dr. LeGaym and Professor Chaz taught us of
the two basics, rock and stick.
Although they actually left out
the important third element
which is beasts.
Everything if you look around you
is made of either a rock
or a stick.
The structure is mostly sticks
but the tables and chairs are mostly
descendants of rocks
or extractions from rocks.
Or rotted sticks.
Yes, if they're sticks don't forget them.
But who is using these things?
Beasts are.
And what about a bone fishing hook?
That's not rock or stick, that's beasts.
You can get a bone of your own
but sure a bone fishing hook
would be a rock or stick.
I think it's a good question.
I'm not sure we can categorize it.
Here with bones we mineralize
and go back a little bit to our mineral origin.
But the upper level parasite
or whatever you call it
is feeding on the vegetable world
which derives from the animal world
and from the fourth of the ancient four elements.
Those being earth, air, fire and water,
is fire.
Or an energy.
Earth represents the solidity of matter.
Now it's getting really complicated.
Air the gaseous or vacuity of matter.
And water of course the fluvial element.
I don't know if I can memorize all this stuff Dr. Howell.
It was easy when it was just rock and stick.
Think of high school chemistry.
Solid, liquid and gas.
I know but it was like rock, stick, earth, water, fire, air.
And then the fire of course is the energy
that makes it all happen.
And of course we're leaving out the most important thing.
The most important thing of all.
Bob.
Well we were trying to.
Earth, water, fire, air,
beast, stick, rock.
Bob perches on top of the entire unruly mass.
And money.
Yeah well.
And froth.
Money is.
See it gets more and more complicated.
The longer you go on about it
the more complicated it is.
You're simply adding in infra designations
as we divide the Cretaceous into the Tyronean
and the Maastrichtian and so forth.
There we go again.
So you see there you are.
I was fine as long as it was the Cretaceous.
Well back when I was a kid there was only 20 dinosaurs
and I knew all their names.
Because their names and sizes were printed on the bellies.
Well that's what Jack T. Chick says to this day.
That there were only about 20 dinosaurs
and they all fit on Noah's Ark.
However even Chick would not insist that they had a ventral stamp
like the best plastic dinosaurs do.
Or a caudal stamp on which you can read the longer names.
What?
You mean those weren't on the dinosaurs themselves?
We have no way of knowing because that's a soft tissue
which did not in most cases fossilize.
But in recent times dinosaur skin and integument has been preserved.
Yeah that's what I thought.
I've seen them.
I've rubbed them.
I've felt of dinosaurs skin.
How can you keep from feeling them up?
You know it's just the temptation is overwhelming.
But for example
the small Jorah Venator.
A small scaly predatory runner.
Found several years ago.
They have most of the skin of this creature.
No feathers or any nonsense like that.
It is scaly.
And an entire Edmontosaurus has been found.
Which is the skin, the mummy.
They have it all.
They have the feet, the pads.
Where was that?
I recently read a book about it.
The Judith River.
You know where all that stuff comes out.
Well they have that great mummy trackadon
at the Museum of Natural History in New York.
Yes.
That was found by Roland T. Bird in the 1920s.
Have you seen the...
Now kids you'll be tested on this.
So you know you should be taking notes.
Oh I'm not.
I should be taking notes.
Have you been to the Los Angeles Natural History Museum since they reopened?
The Page Museum.
I haven't been there for years.
I'd love to though.
They've redone their dinosaur and giant mammal section.
It's fabulous.
They've got a mummy dinosaur.
There's a little section where you can feel the skin.
Well it's not the skin.
It's a rock impression.
That's right.
It's either an impression, a fossil endocast, or the fossilized skin itself.
I got so turned on thinking,
Oh yeah I'm going to get the feel of a dinosaur.
But then you get there and it's just a mummy.
It's a mold.
It's probably not even the real thing.
It's just a mold of the mold.
The pattern is one hexagonal bump.
It's not really a scale.
But it's a bump surrounded by six hexagonal bumps.
And there it is.
But in many cases, since dinosaurs tend to be gnarly,
these central bumps are replaced by osteoderms which project from the skin.
And a lot of them have that.
In fact maybe all of them.
But not the osteoderms found in crocodilians, such as alligators and crocodiles.
Those actually are attachments for muscles which help the creature lift its body off the ground.
Believe it or not.
I only recently found this out.
Their skin was a muscle?
The osteoderm has muscle attachment on the inside.
They're not just ornaments, bosses,
that protrude from the skin.
They're anchor points for additional muscles
which help lift the whole heavy, trundling body up off the ground.
So they can do what they call the high walk or the high run.
That's what I'm missing.
I'm missing that part of my integument.
Prehistoric crocodile, Dinosuchus, formerly called Phobosuchus riograndis,
had those damn osteoderms and did the high walk.
As it burst out of the water, being an ambush predator,
to gobble up entire dinosaurs.
And almost caught that poor Australian guy that narrates all those dinosaur, chased by dinosaurs.
Yeah, I didn't see that episode.
Oh my gosh, I'm being chased by this gigantic, enormous crocodile.
Let's see if we can get a good close up of his mouth as he claps down on my leg.
Yes, exactly.
Oh my gosh.
Oh, that hurts, but why look at those fine teeth, eh?
Did you see that guy? He picks up the giant scorpion and it's whipping around and trying to get him.
Now this is really an extraordinary specimen and we're going to make sure...
And then he does manage to get stuck.
Oh, I do believe he's killed me.
Yeah.
Uh, when dinosaurs ruled the hour of slack.
Well, it's just the beginning.
A primitive beginning, as you will, from which we can advance into remote, dim and rough.
And frightening futurity.
Yeah, the future. There's not much of it left, is there, Dr. Howe?
Yes, it's true.
For them. For those others who are outside.
Then it becomes an eschatological problem.
Like what lies outside the universe, for example?
What came before and after the beginning and end of time?
What mean little future will there be?
What insignificant puff of less than vapor a million times attenuated?
Instead of the nice, solid reality we enjoy now and will right up to the moment of the rupture.
What is reality?
Well, we'll know it when it's gone.
Right.
Just as if the atmosphere were suddenly whisked away, you would be aware of it.
And isn't that the way slack is?
You go, I don't know what slack is. All of a sudden...
Slack's all that keeps you going.
Something goes wrong, your back goes out. You can't get a good night's sleep because you've got a bad back.
And all of a sudden you know in your heart what slack is.
What?
You are buoyed up by slack.
And should it suddenly disappear, you would plummet to earth.
Spiritually, metaphorically, and probably actually as well.
You know, Cotton Mather said in his Magnalia Christiana that the only reason we don't immediately fall down to hell for all our sins is that God is holding us up.
But at any time, he could just get tired of it and let go.
And down we would slither through the ground, rocketing and thumping past stones and roots and end up in the fiery, eternal regions.
Simply because God, for one instant, had withdrawn his infinite charity.
Now, without believing this malarkey, one can certainly see what he was aiming at.
The truth shrouded in credulity, superstition, and fanaticism is that slack holds you up.
Dr. Howell, I'd like to make a confession.
Uh-oh.
Dr. When I was 16, all my buddies were taking this drug called LSD.
How many times, my boy? Oh, it's drugs you're talking about.
Dr. Yeah, LSD. And they would take LSD and go to football practice or take your SATs on LSD.
But I, the first time I tried it, I had that same problem that the theologians were talking about.
I realized this is not a good thing.

It's a heroic dose. It was a lot more than it probably was supposed to be.
It was like the kind that you read about in anti-drug pamphlets.
And I thought, honestly felt, viscerally, that I was God and had been responsible for the entire creation this whole time.
Dr. So, it's all your fault.
Dr. But it was kind of a dream. And the acid had caused me to wake up.
And I couldn't concentrate on holding the reality down.

And I couldn't get it together anymore.
And I was afraid I'd never get that dream going again.
And I'd let everybody down, including myself.
And I was just tumbling through a mental outer space, out of control for what seemed like an eternity.
Dr. Momentary qualm. But once the acid wore off, you could put the universe back together.
Dr. Once the acid wore off, I kind of went, wow, I had no idea the moody blues were so good.
Until now.
Dr. And those blacklight posters, they were throbbing.
Dr. Yeah, they looked like animated GIFs, which hadn't even been invented yet.
Yes, that's probably why they were.
Dr. Yeah.
And so we sit here now with our clocks and watches ticking down to either a crisis or an orgasmic release of infinite freedom.
Dr. Why not both?
Well, I'm dichotomizing here just for the sake of rhetoric.
It has to be both and even more.
All this training, that's what it comes down to.
So what it means is this?
That you've finally had the speed to hit them all.
It's a little hard to say exactly what it's worth, but here's how we StrOod it.
Dr. This is mega, super amazing.

Dr. Are you out of your mind or what?
Dr. Titan start nobody.
Dr. Museum.
Dr. Deere Cartel.
Dr. Chiropractor.
Dr. I can't stop 꽂ning this despite his numbers and how far ever he's come in science.

Dr. A week.
I have been the butt of your low-hanging jokes for as far back as I can remember.
But I gotta admit that ain't too far.
Between the bad salts, booze, and blunt force trauma, about the only thing that sticks to my head anymore is the pillow.
And some macaroni and cheese, sometimes, when I'm stabbing my brother over dinner.
And I'm stabbing my brother over dinner.
When beer is your coffee, life takes on dimensions that mere muggles can't begin to grok.
And when the zombies attack, you throw bricks or raw chunks of truffled concrete.
Whatever you got on hand works, but you can't do nothing.
And when you live like me, it's better to forget that your wife collected money for your dead sons while they were still alive.
And tried to bite your dick off when you was too tired for relations.
And I got seven friends a day.
Dying from prescription overdose.
And I got a hundred thousand brothers rotting right now in prison.
I stabbed a Bears fan in the spur of the moment and shot my own damn self bowling on a Tuesday night.
I got caught masturbating.
On a public boat ramp.
On a public boat ramp.

What I'm trying to say is that if you've been through what I've been through,
you'd get a beer while fleeing cops too.
Because you know it'd be a while before your next one.
You dig?
And if you ever let the booze wear off,
and the memories catch up,
you'll catch a hangover that could kill that skunk ape that I saw that night.
Trying to rape that alligator out behind my tool shed.
And you can't hear about me without smirking in your silent dare, but for the grace of God, go on.
And I don't begrudge you your chuckles.
Or each is just as we was created.
But don't act like you don't envy me.
My name brings them to their knees.
Killing from Glengarry, Disconnectic.
St. Paul to San Tropez.
I got 400 million hits on Google and 108,000 followers on Twitter.
Watch me come up and I'll be bigger than anonymous.
But I want you to know my name.
I am Florida Man.
I will get a blow job from a hooker with my toddler in the car.
And I will throw eggs at the courthouse.
I will sometimes be attacked by alligators while fleeing police.
I will often be found butt naked.
In the wrong person's house or apartment.
Or on the wrong side of the road proposing to a dead pit bull.
Or making love to it.
And I love my little cock shaped state that you can't take your greedy little eyes off.
We were born in the fountain of youth and washed in the blood of conquest.
Ravished by mad raving pirates.
And stolen from the Seminole.
Plundered by capitalist greed.
And nurtured to maturity by drug cartels in the space race.
And now mocked by tourists.
The voice of my land screams freedom through a police gag shackled to a stone.
And if you're too scared to push it to the edge, how can you feel superior when I fall off?
You rely on God's grace to keep you out of danger because you can't handle this hot wedge kitchen.
Like a caged canary laughing at a raging wild turkey.
You hold your manhood cheap while I speak.
And I'll leave you with the words tattooed across my neck.
Only God can judge this soul.
And yes I know I spell judge wrong.
Just go ahead and do that math yourself because I am Florida Man.
And I will chew your fucking face off.
Get up for Dow Jones.
Get up for Dow Jones.

Get up for Dow Jones.







Yes friends, that was Reverend Dow Jones delivering his autobiography Florida Man.
Backed up by Reverend Angry Larry, Bishop Stick, Suntz Bashaw, Reverend Bad Vibes, Dr. Design Flaw, Robin Mountainboy and possibly other uncountable men.


Fisted Tales of Connie, the band that exists only at Next Day. The music in the background,
in fact, is that same band. Now we cut back to exterior day, a medium shot of Reverend Stang at
his homemade studio on a picnic table in a cafe displaying a stack of hand-labeled CDs.
Look at our wonderful background music we've got available to us. It's audible to you,
but to me, I hear nothing. Really? I thought we were getting it over the speakers. No,
another one of your hallucinations. There's nothing on right now. Oh, okay. I was playing.
I often hear it when it's not playing. It's hard to tell. It's loud and echoey when I take the
headphones off. I was playing Petra Hayden, or Haden, however it's pronounced, singing movie
soundtracks a cappella. Have you heard those? An a cappella fella? No, I hadn't heard. That's
something.
But I'm glad they can do it. I can do it, so I'm not surprised they can do it.
Here, I can put on some good old-fashioned subgenius divival preaching music.
Subgenius divival preaching music. It's like an oompa band or something.
At the beginning, it has my old entrance theme, if it'll play. I don't use it anymore because...
You don't wrestle anymore? No, I quit wrestling, and also the use of this particular background
music... You are a wrestler. I'm not a wrestler. You are a wrestler. I'm not a wrestler. I'm not a wrestler. I'm not a wrestler.

became a terrible cliche. He wrestles with the death angel. Well it was a Darth
Vader theme. Like Jacob. It looks like this old old copy isn't gonna cooperate with
my... When we play the Darth Vader theme at my show in San Francisco it means
K-Rob should be delivered a beer immediately. Oh really? Yeah that's the
association I know. It feels so good for to have somebody introduce you as if you
were important and then hear that Darth Vader music playing when you walk out
on stage. You can do that if you want. Confidence, but like I say it became... Okay
that was good for about a year after Empire Strikes Back but then everybody
had a VHS of it and it was like that the suspect Zarathustra, it became a cartoon
shorthand for evil and it's like comedy. Evil really? Just
ruthlessness. Yeah you know when you see that. It's a
march. The big sheriff, the fat sheriff pulls you over in the movies, yeah, but have a quick
clip of the Darth Vader theme. You know, we have a sort of a Spanish-Latino festival in San Francisco's
mission district called Carnival, and they have a parade, and I saw this year that
limping down the street, a sad little bedraggled band, and they were playing the Darth Vader
theme as they marched hesitantly along. On kussus? No, on the instruments, not too well in tune,
you know, the drum sometimes off, the slide trombone sometimes wouldn't sustain the note,
but still, actually that version, I wish I had a recording of that. There was something
really inspiring about it. Not bad. The Darth Vader theme on kussus. It's a march.
Now that... They're marching along.
They're marching along. They're playing it. Who among ye has a kussu?
There they are with kussus. See? And a comb and tissue paper will do work, too.
We can, when we march down to the swamp to burn the effigy of J.R. Bob Dodds,
playing the Darth Vader march on kussus.
Well, there are all sorts of marches and funeral marches we could play. We don't have to
advertise.
We don't have to advertise the products of George Lucas out here if we don't want to.
John Philip Sousa would be good.
Well, what about the Bride of Frankenstein?
Nobody knows that.
They won't know it if you never play it.
It's the third cut on this CD, but I'm saving this for the wedding.
Oh, wait, we're not having a wedding this year.
This is our...
Dr. Howell mixed this assembly into a wedding theme for...
Nicky and Bob a couple years ago.
It is true. I did.
Yeah, Bride of Frankenstein, Conan the Barbarian.
I just thought what I would want at my wedding.
Right. I noticed you skipped over Halloween.
Yeah, well...
And went straight to Jurassic Park.
Well, of course. That's where my heart lies.
Every day is Halloween for a subgenius.
Jurassic Park is a mean dinosaur.
My son overheard that.
He did?
Yes. Well, he knew better.
He knew exactly what the names of all the dinosaurs were that appeared in that.
In fact, he...
That's good.
It's what...
That movie is what turned him into a filmmaker and a paleontologist.
Well, then it did some good.
And let's remember that Phil Tippett did the animatics on that.
Praise Phil Tippett.
He's about the greatest stop-motion guy now living.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.









Yeah.
And the greatest scene, I think most people would agree,
is the attack of the walkers in Empire Strikes Back.
A wonderful sustained scene, which is entirely done in stop-motion,
with no computer animation whatsoever.
Are you sure about that, Dr. Al?
Absolutely.
I can't think those things...
Feats were on...
Oh, go-motion rods.
Go-motion.
And manually they'd go in and tweak.
But it still requires a human animator...
A human animator...
...to run the ambience...
Computer.
...to say, Tippett, Dutra, others animated those things.
Some of them had go-motion rods.
But, you know, with machines, as with insects,
a slight stutter of motion seen from the clarity,
the strobing of individual frames in succession,
is not inappropriate.
It's only when you're trying to animate a squirrel,
like Ray Harryhausen did.
That really did not work.
Because everybody knows what a squirrel looks like.
I think the squirrel...
It's hard to animate a dog or a baboon or a squirrel.
The elephant-sized squirrel was convincing as an elephant-sized squirrel.
It made a strange sound, which disconcerted even Harryhausen.
That whistling squeal.
But, of course, if we were tiny,
maybe a squirrel would make such a sound and we would hear it.
From NPR News in Washington, I'm shocked at the news.
Speaking through a translator, Mr. Obama,
says he has been censoring the news media.
Uh, uh, and, uh...
Mr. Obama cited what he called
the extraordinary and complex PR news,
which has talked about Washington.
There is no solution.
And that table is too old people to burn or to ship.
They were horrible.
Obama also thanks PR News.
All right, we need our dancing girls.
And listen, no dudes in dresses, okay?
All right, good night.
Because I will check to see if there's, uh...
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.













Meat and two veg.
Ha, yeah, uh, well, if you, uh...
There might be a dress shop in, uh, in downtown, uh...
Wherever we are.
Ohio.
In downtown Ohio.
Are we in downtown Ohio?
I just know that this place right here exists
and it's a long way from Detroit.
All right, where are the slat rods?
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.








All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right, let's see.
All right.






All right.

All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Ah, yes.
Okay, well, is the show over now?
No, no. Oh, my God.
Didn't we have a number of things on the docket?
Why don't we go through those
agenda items first of all?
No, I thought you always get mad
when we talk about識.
read from the schedule.
No, you were just saying a while ago
that not enough people read the schedule
and know what is to transpire,
and clutching a copy of the schedule in their hands,
they come up to you and ask, what's next?
That's because they're subgeniuses,
and that's why they love Bob,
and that's why we love them.
Well, to show some measure of that inordinate love,
why don't we tell them, consulting the schedule itself,
what is to transpire the next few eventful days?
Well, the good stuff is in all caps, you'll notice now.
Like the pig roast on...
That's all I really am here for.
You want to miss that,
simply because you don't like to read the schedule?
There's a pig roast.
The flesh of the sacrificial swine.
Whose name is Dave this year, by the way.
We're all going to enjoy that you were here.
Oh, we've got one.
You need to hang on to that, Priestess Pisces.
Yes, Dave will sustain us from within.
But of course, that's leaping forward to the 4th of July.
We do have Wednesday, July 3rd,
which will also feature a live hour of slack,
just like this one.
So if you miss this one...
And you need to catch up on your sleep,
we'll be here to lull you...
The comforting drone of voices
will...
lull you into blissful slumber.
Clank.
Clank.
Clank.
Clank.
Clank.












Oh, sorry.
Oh, uh, uh, friend.
Sorry, friends.
Uh, well, this should sharpen us up.
Uh, it's the key representative of the evolution control committee,
the trademark Gunderson,
working inside of an amazing, highly futuristic,
live loop mixing capsule.
Uh, covered with screens all around.
And what we're about to hear is him,
uh, mash potatoing and remixing,
on the fly, mind you,
hundreds of bits and pieces of the works of the great composer,
Raymond Scott.
Evolution control committee.
This is called, uh, something like an 18th century disco town.
I think this is like the hits on 45, Raymond Scott.
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Lancer.
Do you want some, Dan?
Uh.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
at a bluegrass festival.
How?
Because the banjo player drools out of both sides of the mouth.
What is the difference between a banjo and an onion?
I don't know, what is the difference between a banjo and an onion?
Nobody cries when you cut up a banjo.
How do you hide your stache from an auto harp player?
How do you hide your stache from an auto harp player?
Put it under the soap.
I don't get it.
We're a little bit...
Country?
A little bit country and a little bit diva.
As a matter of fact.
So this song's a little bit diva.
And there's some Bob.
And there's some Bob.
And a little bit of Bob, a little bit of Bob, a little bit of diva, a little bit of bluegrass.
There's a little injection of Bob in here too.
A little injection of Bob in here too.
And a little bit of Bob.

A little injection of Bob.
Injection.
She said it, I didn't.
A little Bob injection.
May your record be unbroken by and by, by, by and by.
There's a vine of heaven waiting in the sky above.
In the sky above.
Well I played the piece de vie piece One bright and sunny day
When I fell in, missed into bed I put on some Q&A
My turntable started jumping up and down.





What is it I did not know now?
Don't let Bob know how I cried when it spread my dirty mouth.
Now, be your record, be unbroken, by and by, by, by and by.
There's a light of heaven waiting in the sky, Bobby, in the sky.
Well, I bought a second copy, listening to your red-eyed express.
Well, my girlfriend came on too, and she's gone and taken off her dress.
Oh, yeah, we'll come together, I should call me.
Yeah.
Sweet and sumptuous voice, I just told her, gotta wait now, girl, I'm listening to freedom of choice.
Oh, you made your record, be unbroken, by and by, by, by and by.
There's a light of heaven waiting in the sky, Bobby, in the sky.
Well, I know I've been a sinner in my life, and even just gotta say I ain't no Christian child.
I'm a new traditional man.
Yeah, oh yeah.
When I hear that truth evolve, and oh no, I never stop.
Well, my heart is never gladder than when I shout that name about.
Bob Dobbs!
Be your record, be unbroken.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And by and by, by, by and by.
There's a light of heaven waiting in the sky, Bobby, in the sky.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Now I know I ain't no youngin'.
Praise God.
Praise God.
Yeah.
Praise God.
Appreciate how things are getting better.
Praise God.
Was it fucking completely three thing to just put in the first connection, or just would
it be three?
Man, it was.
But, this is crazy.




Got it.
albums in my life.
Did I ever lose my way
now, but well, I got smooth
noodle math. Yeah, come on, may your
record be unbroken
by and by, by, by and
by. There's a vine of
heaven waiting in
the sky, bobbing in the sky.
May your record be
unbroken by and by,
by and by.
There's something for everybody
in the sky
heaven waiting in the sky.
Yeah,

Yeah.
Yeah.
You've been listening
to Paramount bok básicamente music,
to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information, write to
P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
or see www.subgenius.com
Praise Bob!
Subgenius Radio Ministry
Directly at subgenius.com
Subgenius Radio Ministry
will be found on matter-of-fact numbers on 420 Bible Conferenceияvine.org on Sitcom and
ideals.com.
All we're saying is that blowjobs could go the way of Steve Jobs if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to Subgenius Foundation.
P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
