🎵
🎵
🎵 Everyone needs a strained jacket, pull it tight, let's all slack it! 🎵
🎵 Everyone needs a strained jacket, pull it tight, let's all slack it! 🎵

🎵
🎵

🎵 Everything is just as it seems, someone else is choosing the teams 🎵
🎵 Are you part of the great machine? Wake up and find you're not in your dreams 🎵
🎵 We don't have no time for that! 🎵
🎵 All we want is an hour of slack! 🎵
🎵 Do you know where it's at? 🎵
🎵 All you need is an hour of slack! 🎵
🎵 Everyone needs a strained jacket, pull it tight, let's all slack it! 🎵
🎵 Everyone needs a strained jacket, hold on tight, let's all slack it! 🎵
🎵 Slack it! 🎵
🎵
🎵

🎵
🎵
Everyone's reaching out, no one is connecting
Does it really matter who we are electing?
We're laughing at the circus, and the clown stole the car
There's more than enough to jerk us, round and round and there you are
Everyone needs a straitjacket, pull it tight, let's all slack it
Everyone needs a straitjacket, hold on tight, let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it
Let's all slack it


Yeah, yeah, yeah
Who the hell said that?
And it says, lonesome cowboy Dave, also known as Dave DeLuca, has been spouting on syndicated
subgenius radio for 20 years, and yes, he writes like he talks, only better!
Jeez, oh man!
Then there's a little thing that says you can download all of the hours of slack at
subgenius.com, which is true.
That is so beautiful, compadre.
I don't know what to say to remind you that when I did not know that your wife and sister and my beloved mother of your sister and wife were into my town on Tuesday, I believe it was.
I did not mean to say, for instance, that I knew your mother before I knew her.
Hey, let's start reading.
Let's just read Dave's book on the air.
We'll do it in sections.
Every show will read one paragraph.
Yeah, like in Bulgarian or something.
No, I'm going to read the first paragraph, which is called, it's weirder than the title of the chapter is.
It's weirder than you think.
And Dave, I don't know if you know this, but your curly quote at the end of that chapter title is turned the wrong way.
So it is weirder than you think.
Yeah.
It's turned the wrong way inside.
Meaning, you mean a left punctuation on the outside?
No, you'll see.
No, it's a fancy trick you did.
Yeah, it's a fancy trick you did.
You put open quotes at the end of the thing, at the end of the line, which makes it weirder than you think.
Extra, extra weird.
You look at the sentence.
Oh, there's no closed quote at the very end?
Right.
It has curly quotes, you know, not just straight up and down.
So there's an open quote and a closed quote.
They're shaped different.
And the open quote is shaped like a little shovel, two shovels side by side.
And normally the closed quotes would be shaped more like musical notes, side by side.
Right, or like 6-6 and the closed ones are like 9-9.
Right.
But this one has the 6-6 at both ends.
So it says it's weirder than you think.
And there's something weird about the way.
The way the type setting is.
Well, yes, there is.
And I wondered, Dave, did you do that on purpose?
Because if you did, it was brilliant.
And if you didn't, you should have.
It was so brilliant.
You should have done it on purpose.
But it's the only place that there is with those two different types of quote signatures, right?
That's right.
The very first one.
All the rest of them were consistent.
We're going to have to kill it.
Like an aborted sneaker.
Anyway.
Here's how the book starts.
Outside, it was twilight.
Evening stars glimmered in the late autumn sky.
Black clouds poured across the red horizon like puffs of smoke.
And wind howled through the empty glide paths.
It was a beautiful sunset.
But nobody in local 838 saw it.
838 neighbors never went outside to zoom the scene or do anything.
That's how it was.
It was in most of Neighbor World.
Doesn't that seem like the way it is right now?
How reclusive.
How reclusive.
You know, not like a spider.
More like a clamatoid or something.
Well, you know, it is said that the more time you spend on social media instead of doing things,
the more depressed you are.
Because you're reading all these people who don't, who are, who occasionally post about things they actually do.
Because they're not on social media all the time.
They're out in the world doing things.
Yeah, they're out doing things.
When they come back, they explain stuff they did.
And the ones who don't go out because they want to make sure and read everything on social media,
they just go, wow, all my friends are having such lives.
And I'm just sitting here on social media.
What a shame it is.
Well, turn off this show and go outside, you nincompoops.
No, not this show, Stan.
Not this show.
They're listening on their phones or their computers or something.
They're still in the Matrix.
This show is just a bunch of part of it.
Well, then that's a good way for them to learn from the show is to use the...
Now, somewhere, there's one poor jogger in Florida listening to the show on his iPod
while he jogs by an alligator-infested pond.
Or a fire-eared water...
And right while he's saying to himself, why not both?
I can be outside doing things and connected to the Matrix,
listening to the hour of...
Ah! This alligator's killing me! Ah!
See, in the neighbor world, an alligator would never kill you.
Well, it would, but you wouldn't really die physically.
He would think you had, and then you would physically die afterwards.
At least if you had...
You look!
This one would...
Boom!
Boom!

Whatever that means.
Well, it turns out Dave's a regular William Gibson.
Only William Gibson predicted all this stuff a long time before.
But Dave's a lot funnier than William Gibson.
Oh, yes.
Well, who's William Gibson? Is he like...
What's his name? Fort?
No, he's the one that proves that you didn't copy William Gibson
by the fact that you had to ask who he is.
He wrote books about cyber culture before it existed in real life.
Sort of.
And he wrote them on a typewriter.
Oh, I should know about him.
He wrote them on a manual typewriter.
Speaking of which, my daughter was asking for paper to write a note on,
and I said, oh, I've got a big ream of typewriter paper upstairs.
And she looked at her husband, and they looked at me, and they went,
it's not called typewriter paper anymore.
It's called copier paper now.
Printer paper.
Printer paper.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Old, old, old, old.
Dribble up and die, old man.
Obsolete, obsolete, obsolete.
Dave, you go into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and they have a little...
Oh, I'm there right now.
But I'm in an obsolete kind of mythology.
Actually, I am there in simulated andropomorphic time.
One of your bands?
Dave is broadcasting from the mall.
And, well, I can see the Maritime Museum.
Oh, man.
What is that?
Oh, my God.
There's a big lake steamer that carries iron ore and coal.
And then up the hill there by the Science Center,
who's named after Luigi M. Schwartz, who's a real person, man,
just because he disagreed with the status quo, whatever the hell that means.
Anyway, what I was going to say was in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame,
there's a Hall of Technology.
And in the Hall of Technology,
the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is a hall of technology,


Hall of Fame. Only the stuff in the first 10 feet of it is mostly stuff that we owned because that's
how old we are. From the place to see Nero. Yeah, right after the wire recorders and before the iPods.
That's all the stuff that we had. Little reel-to-reel decks that had four-inch reels of quarter-inch
tape. Everything was in inches then, of course, instead of smegments like now. And little cassette
recorders that recorded on microcassettes. Remember those? They were the size of your little fingernail
and they made terrible, terrible recordings. Yeah, and they just split out and split out automatically.
You'd have them for one day and you might as well buy 25,000 of them and throw them out the window.
You know, they just go by so quickly.
So what I'm getting at, Dave, is we're old and that's why people will love Neighbor World.
It's like William Gibson's novel. It's a novel about, sort of about the internet by somebody
who's never on the internet. And therefore, far more paranoid about it than you could ever be.
And also, therefore, probably more likely to be right about where it's going.
That's what I...
Well, part of it is...



My statement.
Well, part of it was written before there was such a thing as an internet. And then after that, it was written all the way up to the height of the internet. So that doesn't really have anything to do with it.
Well, so what's funny about it is that we thought TV was bad. We thought TV would rot your brain.
Oh, no, TV would only rot your brain as many channels as there were. And there was a limited number of channels. The internet can rot your brain any way you want.


And you want it rotted.
Whatever rot you're addicted to, you can find it.
I don't think volition or choice has much to do with it. Do you?
Huh?
I don't think volition or choice has much to do with it. Do you?
Yeah, I do. I think people choose to be lazy.
Well, okay, you go channel 129 or something and that rots your brain a certain way. But then, with your self-grooming application there, which you've already decided is deceitful.
And it's had to be...




It's had to be put into different bargaining power.
See, you made me forget what I was talking about.
That's okay.
It's not my fault. I didn't do it.
I thought I...
You did. You did.
But I was following you, but now I forgot the beginning of the sentence.
I have a plan for how to stop the destruction of America.
But first, we have to stop the Russians.
We have to stop the Russians from their BBC and BBW propaganda barrage.
The fake news they're putting on the porno internet.
Let me explain.
We've been learning that the Russians, wisely, if you're the Russian government, has been meddling in our propaganda.
They've been taking our propaganda and turning it into theirs.
And, you know, they had a lot of hired people posting stuff on the internet designed to destabilize American society and keep Hillary from getting elected.
And maybe even, God, if their dream came true, get Donald Trump elected, which would make America look really stupid.
So, it worked.
And I have a theory that that's not all they've been doing on the internet.
It's just a foment discontent.
There's a lot of very, very angry racists out there, you may have noticed.
And I think that one of the things that's making them so racist and so angry is when they turn on their free internet pornography.
Now, Dave, you may not know about this.
I don't know how much free internet pornography you look at, but I check it out every now and then.
And there's a preponderance of images that...
I think, I'm beginning to think, are being put there by the Russians to upset the ignorant rednecks and increase racism in America.
I think there's more...
Gee, I wonder how something like that could work.
There's more BBC and BBW action on the internet than normal commerce on pornography would call for.
And I speak as an expert, just sociologically speaking.
It's not that I'm sitting around masturbating to pornography all day.
Princess Weekend knows that that's not possible.
But I definitely have noticed that the most common...
Probably about 50% of the imagery you see on something like RedTube, XHamster, or AlohaTube, that should keep you lads busy for a while,
is a long, dark...
dusky...
tube...
in a white, white, white, fat, red orifice.
And I think it's...
I think that preponderance is part of a Russian plot to make sad, loser rednecks more jealous and more racist.
And makes them hate women even more, too.
So it's not a misogyny?
No.
Having said that, let me explain that...
Say, I hate it when people call other people losers.
And I just call these rednecks losers.
Because they're racist.
Racism is the...
So, you're now the tube with some hatred.
Racism is a great... is the excuse that losers use for being losers.
And yet, here's the thing.
We're all losers.
Everybody dies.
Everybody dies.
So, you know, it's such a...
It's so tragic and sad that they think of themselves as being bigger losers than others,
just because some Russian is making them think that even the ugly girls would rather go out with a black guy than them.
There, I said it.
But that, I think, is the message that the Russian porno posters...
Mm-hmm.
...are generally the American lower income, lower education bracket, and generally bitter and unhappy, quote, losers, unquote.
Yeah, I think...
Because it makes things worse in America.
Yeah, I did share that thought with you.
You never...
It makes white people jealous of black people.
And I concur.
I see...
Nobody should be jealous of anybody else, but that's just people.
And I gotta admit, there's sometimes...
Sometimes I look at that stuff and go, I'm jealous of that guy.
For one thing, he's way better built than I could ever imagine.
But also, he's got that pretty girl there.
I knew it.
Is that fair?
It's like, what?
There's no such thing.
But that's what those poor, frustrated racists are thinking.
Right.
Fair is where you take your pig and hope you win a prize.
Well, what I can't understand...
It's so...
What I can't understand is, like, they'll wake up one morning in the vacuum tube, and
they'll be in one conditioning experiment, and then the next day, you see them at work
the next day, and they'll, you know, be, you know, well, you know about them, you know,
you know how they are, and you know...
Right.
Do I have to spell it out?
And what happened to this person in one day?
Is it because Trump was elected?
Right.
Or is it because of the huge subliminal devices that are being implanted in everyone's brains
by the Ruskies, just like in Clockwork Orange?
Why not both?
That's why we call each other Dvořkis and Privyet Tovarisks and stuff like that,
and smegmas.
Yeah.
Well, we breathe the smegma.
That's the problem.
I don't know if we're...
There's that word smegma again.
Yeah, smegma breeders.
Yeah.
It's one of my favorite words.
I dream of alien smegma pie.
Now, that's a taste of life.
Oh, yeah.
I remember, Boatman.
Remember alien smegma pie?
When was the last time you ate alien smegma pie?








You had a great big old steaming bowl of alien smegma pie.
I have not in ages.
Well, that's not long enough.
Yep.
It is good.
Mighty, mighty good.
Hey, I'm going to mention some current events that won't be current when any of our listeners
hear this, because this is purely recorded live show.
It's tax time here at this time locus intersection.
Tax time.
And it's chigger time.
At this juncture.
At this juncture.
One day, I was outdoors all the time and I had no itches.
And then suddenly the day came when all the chiggers came to life.
All the new generation of chiggers were born.
And they hopped onto my socks and climbed up my pantaloons and got down in the warm places
under my socks and under my belt.
And they bit me and bit me in my belly button and my crack, in my ancules.
I left him peppered with little red itchy places that really, really itch.
Oh, do they itch.
Oh, do they itch.
It goes with tax time.
Yes.
It goes with taxes.
Chiggers and taxes.
That's my story.
Neither of which you can live without dying because there's nothing quite so certain as
chiggers and taxes and monopoly gains.
And Bob.
And taxes and Bob and chiggers.
Did you hear our local politician in the Cleveland area, Dennis Kucinich, talking about the so-called
sarin gas attack in the Syrian village?
He came right out and said he thinks it's a...
He's a...
It's a bunch of hooey.
But anyways, that Stang was...
Or not Stang.
I'm sorry.
What's his name again?
Trump.
Oh, Trump.
Same difference.
Same difference.
He's a loud mouth jerk.
Big mouth.
That's Trump.
Spoiled, arrogant jerk.
Put it here.
Oh, now you're...
Well, what about the chemical attacks and Reverend Ivan Trump?
Well, he thinks that Reverend Ivan Trump was just provocating the whole event so he could
do something to make himself look good.
Reverend Ivan Stump, 2020.
That's it.
I would.
If I had half a hands network with, I would certainly go to you in a heartbeat.
I think Stang knows Stumpy.
Stumpy knows Reverend Stang.
Stumpy is friends with Reverend Stang.
Stumpy gets in the back of the van in little tiny places to go to X Day so Reverend Stang
can stretch his legs.
Because Stumpy's smaller.
Stumpy can fit into small places.
He doesn't mind.
Stumpy doesn't mind.
Stumpy has a stairway over in Stumpy's kingdom.







It's a kingdom of stumps.
A little ways down the driveway here from Reverend Stang's house, Stumpy has his own
little place and he's the prince of Stumpy's kingdom.
You might think that I'm just making up a story, but it's all true.
Maybe you have lose your mind or something.
Talk about the Stumpy kingdom.
I don't know.
Oh, Stumpy gets...
Stumpy is just trying to get attention.
You can ignore Stumpy and Clonky and all those.
I'll try.
As they're right here in my...
But we do have...
There is a section on the property where we let Stumpy live and it is...
Stumpy the kid.
It is...
By chance, there are a lot of cedar tree stumps in that area.
Originally cut down by my son decades ago and that's the kingdom of stumps.
What are you, being a bad boy?
We let Stumpy live there and he polishes the Atlantean fossils and ruins.
Yeah.
Yes.
Dave, did I tell you that we stumbled onto a treasure trove of Atlantean fossils?
I think I remember you eluding to that.
Well, not fossils.
I mean they're Atlantean statues and alter pieces.
There's a gate, a massive gate left over from Atlantis.
No, you certainly did not tell me that.
Yeah.
Our property here, Stang Ranch, is the site of the sunken lost continent of Atlantis,
which was built by the Yetis in the Cretaceous era and sank beneath the waves several times,
actually.
It's a long story.
Very long story.
Skull Island is involved and so is Monster Hunter, but I don't expect anyone to believe
any of that.
However, the Atlantean ruins that we have all over here are real.
Because how else would those shapes...
Would nature make a triangle shape that always has an eye in it?
I don't know.
You know the eye in the pyramid and the great seal?
I don't believe it.
My grandsons know what it is, that thing on the dollar bill.
And the little chepetish.
You're right.
Well, that's the symbol of Atlantis, as we know from the George Powell movie Atlantis,
the Lost Continent, and Edgar Cayce.
Atlantis rising.
And all the big bestsellers of today.
And we keep finding these triangular or pyramidal rocks that...
Well, the eyeball isn't always mounted on it.
Sometimes the eyeball fell off and we've been putting them back on.
So you go around the ranch and there's these triangles with eyeballs, cyclops pyramids
everywhere.
I mean, little bitty ones, great big ones.
Everything that's triangular has a circle up near the top.
Where the eye would be in the pyramid.
And there can't be naturally occurring.
That's just too big of a coincidence.
It couldn't be natural.
It has to be man-made.
And if we didn't do it, it must have been the Atlanteans.
Atlantean creature made perhaps.
18 million years ago.
That's a long, long time, man.
But I think there's some problems with your theory.
Number one, eye bills.
Not eye bills.
Eye bills, which are vastly different, at least from a dominion standpoint.
Eye balls, eye balls.
Eye balls?
Are much shorter when they come from.
So I wouldn't try to involve them too much in your paroxysms or your grand designs.
Well, these are just sculptures that the Atlanteans made.
Right.
You'd have to say that before you'd sell anybody.
The high Atlanteans.
This is the high Atlantean culture.
There was a low Atlantean culture that was made.
It was mostly subgeniuses.
Right.
And on their pyramids, the eye is.
What's funny is on the subgenius Atlanteans, they built, made their logo pyramids with the eye closed.
Yes.
Winking at you or possibly snapping.
Or just high.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's right.
Princess, we reminded me.
My grandson, age eight.
Talked about the Illuminati.
He said, he said, Oh yeah, I know about that triangle in the eye.
That's the sign of the seal of the Illuminati.
Yeah.
He was spitting that stuff out like it was nothing.
Yeah.
He's eight years old and he's saying Illuminati.
He turns on the degenerate television stations.
This is common knowledge and it's common knowledge by all, even Stan's grandchildren now.
Well, now you would expect that from Stan's grandchildren, except that they're not around here most of the time.
And I'd certainly never.
I'd never.
You know, they hardly, they barely know about Bob.
As they explained that one time they were on the show, they all about all they know is Bob lives in a flying saucer and he's a.
He likes carrots and there was a bunch of stuff that.
Carrots?
Yes.
Elias or the age six.
Oh, okay.
Age six drew a picture of Bob, his first Bob.
Age six drew his first Bob and he gave it to me.
It was Two-Face Bob.
And he did in fact look like Two-Face from the Batman comics.
And it's an anti-Bob with the pipe coming out of the wrong side.
Yeah.
He knew that he got that right.
Well, cause it's a Two-Face Bob.
He's a Two-Face Bob, right.
Which as my cousin Crawford said, that's the only kind of Bob that's real.
Two-Face Bob.
Well, that's because he had the cloven hoof, you know, like.
Like when you're a child with a cloven hoof, a lot of the kids are going to make fun of
you.
But I thought that was real interesting that this kind of normal child knew that eye on
the pyramid was the symbol of the Illuminati.
But how normal can he be being your grandson?
No, that's what I'm trying to tell you.
All kids, all kids that age.
All kids listen to Alex Jones now?
Yeah.
Well, it's, and that must be the way they pick up this information, but they, like
my grandson has said similar things to me.
Like, oh, do you know this?
I don't know that.
You were not even the glimmering of eye.
Or, how'd you know that?
And he was just laughing at me and saying something like, yee, everybody knows that.
Heh, heh, heh.
Yeah, but the book pills told us that.
They give us a book pill in kindergarten, grandpa.
Book pill?
Yeah, sure, book pills.
I love such a concept.
I love it.


I love book pills.
Mm-hmm.
Well, your novel would certainly go down better in pill form.
It kind of is in pill form.
Or if you took a pill before reading, it might make it a little easier to get through
in one piece, so to speak.
Oh, I just did some Stem Sublim before I read about Stem Sublim.
I wish they had such a thing.
He thinks he just made it up.
He thinks, you, Dave.
Well, I mean, in a marketable way, like a chicken or something that you could buy.
They've had Stem Sublim since America Online.
Well, sure, you have.
Why do you think people were paying three bucks a minute to be on the internet back
then?
It was the Stem Sublim.
Because your thing with Steve Jobs, the little thing you guys had going in the garage or
something?
Well, it was the stuff that they put in the Flickr.
I don't know.

Actually, it's the interstices between the Flickers.
There's the, you know, when the Flickr, the cathode ray or tube or the digital feedback
readout tube, any of the tubes, they all have some form of a Flickr or at least alternating
lines or some such thing for the persistence of vision.
Well, you can wedge, as you well know, you can wedge other signals in between the Flickr.
There's the dark part and there's the picture part.
They go back and forth real fast.
But there's a part between the dark and the picture that's quantum.
And that's where you put the Stem Sublim signals, which they only take up, well, it's
not even three-dimensional.
It's a two-dimensional line of code.
But because of that, it goes directly into the retina.
What one might call then after that, the mind's eye.
I would like it very much, my friend, if you were to take what you just said and just put
that in a forward somewhere, because that's the most beautiful, most wonderful, beautiful
explanation of Stem Sublim that I've ever heard.
It goes way beyond what I had in mind.
Well, if I said that, then you better pick up on it.
He just did pick up on it.
Unfortunately, it was Jimi Hendrix who said that.
So I guess you better pick up on what he said.
I thought that was you.
And Hendrix had a lot to say about Stem Sublim.
He did?
Yeah, but he did it in between the lines of the song.
So you had to read between the lines, like between the Flickers.
Oh, yeah.
The Flicker rate, yeah, 3.9, right?
And that space, the interstices between the lines.
Between the right key and just slightly wrong off the key that Hendrix was an expert at.
That's where he could put his conflicting anti-conspiracy Stem Sublim.
And we do the same.
We in the Church of the Subgenius do the same thing.
Not in the style of Hendrix, but we still use the acid bath.
Not the LSD.
No, I don't mean LSD acid.
I mean real acid.
The acid bath.
Makes everything pretty clean, that's for sure.
That's the idea.
You know what I mean?
There's nothing...
It's to bring out the definition.
Sometimes, well, you don't want to leave it in there too long, obviously.
You don't want to leave yourself in the acid bath for too long.
But if you just do it in little increments, you...
Then the frog will never know it's being fornicated.
Right, exactly.
Your brain is fooled into accepting it.
And it...
Well, it just burns away the crust.
There's a crust, and when that little thin layer of crust goes away,
then you can see the crenulations, the striations,
and the little worm tubes.
Tiny, and the little teeny tiny diatom patterns.
All in...
Once you've thrown that organ into the acid,
you can see it's been there for a long time.


The acid bath, again, this is not for amateurs.
What did I read?
I wouldn't...
I strongly suggest that no one monkey with the acid
unless they have a background, some background in chemistry.
Or at least certification.
Yeah.
I don't have any background in chemistry.
So, I took kind of a shortcut,
made myself into an expert on the chemistry just of the acid.
Yeah, you could...
And I know what not to put in the acid,
and what you can put in the acid.
Yeah.
You could lose a finger just as easily as if you...
if you shot a bird's eye out of a pickle.
You know, if you're like...
Oh, yeah, you could...
...like a mean kid.
You could wreck your lungs real easily.
Yep.
I got a gas mask, so...
for my acid bath.
I really did.
I went to Home Depot.
I bought the most expensive gas mask.
I bought the most expensive gas mask they had.
It was 60 bucks.
I get...
I wear mine.
I go to the mall and do my elderly mall walk,
and I have a mask on.
It's...
The top part of it is actually Michael Jackson,
but the bottom part is actually a gas mask
approved by the Israeli military police forces.
Do you ever moonwalk in the mall when you're...
when you're wearing that mask?
Do I ever moonwalk?
Moonwalk?
Oh, of course.
Yeah, when you're mall walking.
You know, like there's little kids around.
They all start cheering.
They're applauding.
What am I going to do?
Leave them...
You know, let them down and stuff.
Right.
I'm not that kind of person.
Yeah, to them, you are Michael Jackson in a gas mask.
Right, and I have to...
There's some things I have to live up to,
and I promote childhoods.
I smoke the little burns,
them little childhood burns that they get when they're younger,
and sometimes the pieces...
Like a little monocle of glass will fall out,
just like part of a brain,
like a human skull, you know?
Right.
But that's not my problem.
You know, I've told all the police officers that I can even remember,
and I can't remember them all.
You know that, you know.
Oh, no kidding.
Well, one reason is...
I mean, the reason they pulled you over in the first place
is also the reason you can't remember being pulled over.
Right.
And that's why we just keep doing it again,
again and again and again.
You don't remember until you get the summons in the mail.
It's, oh, yeah, now I remember.
I was arrested.
I got pulled.
God, that's terrible.
Oh, no, I got pulled again.
Was that yesterday?
I got pulled.
No, they...
Oh, and then I got pushed.
They pushed me, and then they pulled me.
I wish they'd pushed me again.
Well, one of these days, they're gonna find out it's pulled pork.
I can't have pulled pork anymore.
Neither can I.
You know, we have to just sit and whimper
while everybody else eats their pulled pork and their bacon.
And fun food.
I'll have some trail mix and a banana.
Yes, a banana and an apple.
Perhaps a little bit of that couscous.
Perhaps some hummus.
I can't drink wine.
Could I have just a taste of grape juice, please?
Oh, no, it's got too much sugar in it.
You can't have the grape juice.
Mmm, mmm.
I get all the signals mixed up and misfiring in my skull.
I'd show my belly button off like if I was a hot babe or something,
but I'm not.
Don't get me wrong.
I mean, I...
You can still show your belly button off, Dave.
Yeah.
You're a strapping old man.
Strapping.
Well, I mean, you're not...
The last time we saw you, 10 years ago, you weren't fat.
You were real skinny.
That's true.
Girls like tall, skinny guys.
Ladies, Dave, just in case you were ever wondering,
since he's not on the Internet and there's no pictures of him,
he's tall, sort of tall.
Skinny.

Yep.
His proportions are maybe not heroic, but certainly at least normal.
Almost normal.
That's when I had carbon in my skull, when I was just a little tiny, little...
Yep.
The leading man actor he's most often compared to facially is Chief Dan George.
And...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So imagine a tall, skinny Chief Dan George.
A tall, Palestinian Chief Dan George.
Yeah.
Well, go ahead and just try and say that, whatever it was that you just said,
and see if...
I don't care.
My heart soars like a hawk.
It's a good day to die, my uncle.
Yeah, it's a good day to die.
And then he goes and doesn't die.
Well, it's just all television.
Or not television, but the only...
The make-believe fairyland of fairyland ink, you know, Hollywood.
Well, actually it was...
Well, actually it was...
No, actually, Little Big Man, we were quoting the novel and the movie Little Big Man, which
starred Chief Dan George and Dustin Hoffman as Ivan Stang and Lonesome Cowboy Dave, respectively.
And...
But it was written by Thomas Berger.
Or Berger.
I don't know how it's pronounced.
Did you know there's a sequel to it?
He wrote a sequel to Little Big Man.
Jack Crabb, Little Big Man, after surviving the Battle of Little Big Horn...
Big Horn.
...goes to work for Buffalo Bill and tours Europe with Buffalo Bill's Wild West show.
I had heard that he had really done that, but I didn't know that if he was...
Yeah.
Yeah.
But again, he meets the crowned heads of Europe and a whole bunch of other celebrities,
you know.
That's...
Yeah.
I've forgotten all of it, but it was great.
Does he go and sing, accompany, sing with Florence Jenkins?
No.
More like Annie Oakley.
Oh, Annie Oakley.
Yeah.
Well, you're been...
Not Florence, not you.
...done and she...
I wish they'd done Jack Crabb meets Le Petit Mime.
But the wrong...
Actually, it's the wrong centuries entirely.
Jack Crabb was still alive in 1969 or so when Little Big Man was recorded.
It would have changed the history of explosives though, wouldn't it?
I mean, when you think of it that way, think of the Middle East and the problems we're
having now.
Think of back in the day, Vietnam and so forth.
I mean, it would have literally changed.
A man could walk into a room and see vacuum cleaner for thousands of millions of people
in one 12-foam.
Yeah.
Yeah, those different centuries didn't bother Bill and Ted at all.
Yeah, not exactly.
Yeah.
Yeah, they were excellent.
They were excellent.
I voted for it.
I voted for it 10 times.
And then I slapped my mammy.
You voted for Bill and Ted?
Yeah.
Then I slapped my mammy 10 times.
Or at least I tried to.
She made me jump back.
But that was the...











I think it was the charcoal pit eraser.
You have to be at least 15 to get in the room.
And then they had like cock fights and stuff like that.
Charcoal pit eraser?
Huh?
I saw them open for Devo.
Oh, yeah.
The charcoal pit erasers?
Yeah, they're alive again.
Yeah.
Yeah, the chalkboard erasers.
And yeah, they did the cover of Slap Your Mammy.
Ah, okay.
There's some lyrics to that one I never worked out.
My mother did not like that song.
I mean, she was in a bad mood.





I played that song, Slap Your Mammy.
She did not like it?
Yeah, she did not like it at all.
I was raised to call my parents Mammy and Pappy.
You've heard us refer to Pappy.
He was...
I'm sitting in his chair now.
We're all in Mammy's house.
This is actually not Pappy's house.
It's really Mammy's house.
Thanks Mammy.
Thanks Mammy.
And so yeah.
Mammy's house.
Mammy didn't like that song by Devo, Slap Your Mammy.
How could she even hear that lyric?
It goes so fast.
It's hard, yeah.
Slap your...
I can't do it.
Slap your Mammy out.
Slap your Mammy out.
Slap your Mammy out.
Yeah, you can't even...
What are they saying after Slap Your Mammy?
I thought they were saying Slap Your Mammy now and again.
Or now and then.
Or something.
Slap your Mammy.
Slap your Mammy.
Slap your Mammy.
Slap your Mammy.
Slap your Mammy.
Slap your Mammy.
But I'm not 18 years old like Devo was at that time, so I can't talk that fast anymore.
And neither can they, I'm pretty sure.
Hey, I'm going to be seeing the Devo's in about a month apparently.
The Devo's?
Yeah, or at least some of...
Well, you know, there's not many of them left.
Ladies and gentlemen, wives from Coburg's Cove, it's the Devo's.
Yeah.
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun.
Well, yeah, those documentary people from Austin are going to interview some of the
Devo's about their experiences with Church of the Subgenius.
And they wanted me to go out there to Los Angeles with them.
And honest to God, Dave, I was going...
What does God have to do with this, Dave?
You know, we're going to just have gotten back to Cleveland and I need to work on my
driveway.
I got to work on selling that house.
We got to pack up stuff.
We got to repaint everything.
I don't want to go to Hollywood and party with rock stars.
I've got stuff to do.
About the documentary that's being done about my life project?
You don't want to fix that hole in the basement.
So Princess Wee said, Reverend Stang, snap out of it.
You're going to LA.
They're paying for it.
Go hang out with Jerry and Mark and do whatever rock stars do and get that movie made.
Better believe it.
With rock stars in it.
Hey, did you know that Reverend Jerry...
Actually Jerry never joined the church.
He's an honorary member.
No, we don't have honorary members.
You have to...
You have to spend the 30...
Whatever it is.
And you have to.
Even my kids had to.
Anyway, Bob Casale, the late Bob Casale and his wife, is it Lisa?
Yeah.
Late.
They were dues paying subgeniuses.
Martin Mothersbaugh did the music for a commercial and other things.
He never sent his 30 bucks.
Yeah.
He hired me to do some animation for him, but he didn't pay his 30 bucks.
Jerry hired me to do a bunch of stuff.
He never sent his 30 bucks.
Oh, okay.
They're all doomed.
Just as doomed as a pink boy.
As you, the listener, that never joined the church.
He went, oh, I know what they want me to join the church as subgenius.
So I'm not going to go do it because I'm a real subgenius.
Okay.
Yeah, I get it.
Fine.
But...
Well, no, wait.
Who's late and who's early?
Everyone's late.
No, I thought you said...
Bob Mothersbaugh is late.
Who?
You said late Jerry Casale.
No, no, no.
Bob Casale.
Bob Casale died and Alan the drummer died, and Bob Mothersbaugh is still alive, and Mark
and Jerry are still alive.
Jerry makes wine now.
Jerry ate.
He owns a winery.
I don't know if his wine is...
I'm going to find out.
I'll probably drink some of his Casale wine or whatever.
Yes, he probably will.
He probably will.
He has wine in California or in the United Snakes?
Yes, he does.
No, no.
He has a winery in California.
He was always a wine connoisseur on the side.
That's not the only kind of connoisseur he was.
And what I was going to tell you was he married a subgenius.
He sure did.
He married Reverend Galaxina from Indiana.
I love it when all those words all come together and end in vowel sounds, like Vioxxlina,
Vini, Rana.
Reverend Galaxina, who was a real young subgenius, at least 25 years ago she was
real young.
She and Jerry of the Devo's got married.
So they can have little Devo subgenius miscegenated spud yetis.
Devons and devets.
Little potato yetis.
A hot and pleasant fight on a Christmas morning.
Santa's hung his stocking with hair, hoping the moon guys will soon be there.
Daddy and old Saint sneak grabbing by the toilet trick, trying to undulate as well as
they could and back into the neighborhood with a bag of wood.
Wow.
We just got the Lonesome Cowboy Dave version of The Night Before Christmas.
Yeah.
And all through the holes, the most accretable food storage.
Hey, I have to tell you about a subgenius Easter.
Easter?
Yeah.
We have a new tradition here at Stang Ranch.
Every Easter, now that we live here during Easter, the Stang grandkids who live in Dallas,
only two hours away, come and visit us.
And they do their Easter egg hunting.
And last year, on Easter Eve, the night before Easter, while Princess Wee and the kids' mom
and dad and I were hiding eggs, damn it, the hound dog discovered a copperhead snake in
the yard.
And I had to brutally slay it, clumsily and brutally slay this venomous snake in the yard
before the kids got up and searched the yard.
They went out to the field and searched for eggs in his den.
Well, this year, the day before Easter, as we were showing them all our cool hideouts
and things, and the giant serpent sculpture that we have now, we came upon a four-foot-long
recently-shed snake skin.
I know the snake shed it that day because I'd found a real good fossil in this same
spot the day before.
Yep.
prehistoric crocodile vertebrae.
But anyway, the snake, so we looked at the snake skin.
It's four feet long, and we're going,
there's a very shiny, peppy snake running around here right now, nearby.
Let's go back in the house.
And we did, and we thought, it's the Easter snake.
If you're a stang or a subgenius, you might get the Easter bunny,
but the Easter snake comes.
If you've been a good subgenius child, he doesn't kill you or bite you.
Well, how many of those are there?
And he only steals a few.
Well, good is all relative.
You get special extra demerit points for stealing when you're a subgenius child.
Anyway, yeah, so the Easter snake.
The Easter snake is a, he comes every year.
The night before Easter, and he gives you a warning or a sign,
or you have to kill him or something.
My brother, the man who knows, came and looked at the skin and said,
that's not a rattlesnake.
It's wrong proportions.
That's a no-account chicken snake.
That's what we call it around here.
It's really called a rat snake or a pine snake.
But it wasn't a rattlesnake.
So then I went, oh, we don't have to wear boots after all.
Right.
Right.














I went right back outside, scampering through the high grass.
Because if that wasn't a rattlesnake skin, then we have nothing to fear.
Right?
No.
That's logic.
I have everything to fear because there are rattlesnakes here.
You found a baby rattlesnake the other day, if you don't remember.
That's true.
I did.
I saw my first live rattlesnake.
Whacked him upside the head with a weed eater accidentally.
Didn't know he was there.
And then at the last moment he saw him, the rattlesnake was going in one direction.
He was going in the other.
Right.
And that's the way we keep it.
We found a beehive.
Well, actually, my son-in-law found a beehive next to where Princess Wee and I sit in the
woods and talk on a little bench, benches that we have out in a special place.
There's been an active beehive in a tree trunk next to us the whole time.
There you go.
And they never did.
They never stung us.
They never stung us.
They never did anything.
I put my face in the beehive today to take pictures of them, Dave, and it didn't bother them.
You have no real face.
You've been telling me all these years that you have a face.
Oh, come on.
The camera is my eye.
The microphone is my ear.
It's like a face.
And your nose, too.
Well, no.
I have a little kind of a heat sensor where a nose would be.
Oh.
Is that you twanging?
But I hear something in the background.
We turned our music off.
I'm trying to turn it off.
I can't hear.
Well, speaking of turn it off, we have to turn this show off.
We really do.
It's been an hour.
We've got to turn it off.
Well, it hadn't been an hour, but I'm playing six minutes of music and stuff at the beginning.
So that's the time, man.
That's subgenius.com is the way to find out.
We're going to find out about this show, The Hour of Slack, from the Church of the Subgenius,
starring Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Princess We Are Doe, and yours truly, Reverend Stang.
Oh, how wonderful for you to mention that part, especially about me.
And wait until you read Neighbor World by Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
It's like being told a story by Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Only he really thought about it.
And it's a true story.
Mm-hmm.
So there you go.
I don't know where you're going, but there you go.
You can take that and jump in the acid bath with your BBC and your BBW and Dave's book
and your Atlantean ruins.
Yeah.
And your Chigga Bites.
Your Chigga Bites and your tax forms.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Your K1 and your 1099s.
Your KY.
Yeah, your KY and you're ready to go.
Yeah.
162.
You know.
So praise Bob.
Praise Bob and hail Connie.
Thank you.
