From PR News in Washington, I'm spying for the Kremlin today.
Prosecutors had warned that I'm acting as an agent of the Russian government in the Carolinas as well as Virginia.
Authorities began the mandatory evacuations with PR News in Chapel Hill.
The Trump is shutting down in Washington.
The State Department says Black Trump will do what it can to prevent that.
Trump says PR News.
The State Department says that we are not in Washington.
Police say President Trump parked on the wrong floor of the apartment complex's parking garage.
Trump told officers who responded to the shooting that about a million people died of a fight over a biotech patent.
Officials said today PR News is the foundation of a multi-dollar industry.
PR News is derived from higher organisms, including human bacteria.
Scientists at the Broad Institute at...
MIT and Harvard were awarded major patents for using this technology in PR News.
The Trump has PR News.
That in the span of only an hour today, intensified from a Category 2 to a Category 4 without Kim Jong-un's permission.
I got a lot of smart characters working for me.
Kids, I trained myself.
Kids, this ain't no job for kids.
This is big stuff.
What are we going to do?
Shut up and let me think.
Yeah, sure, but how?
There must be a way.
Let me think a minute.
Yeah.
Yeah, maybe it'll work.
What?
The Self-Genius Power of Swag.
Little black eyes gleaming as brightly as the diamonds on his heavy fingers.
What is his plan and what will happen?
Gang, we're being...
We're beginning one of our most exciting Superman stories.
One in which the man of Superman and his friends battle ruthless, dishonest politicians for the control of this story.
So be sure to tune in every day.
Same time, same station.
Check.
Check.
Check.
Hello, faithful listeners.
This is the Colonel, the Overseer of the Slaves.
Known as Four Letter Words.
Also known as a manager.
This album is laden with subliminal messages.
Here to teach you about the subgenius.
The cult of the subgenius.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And, by the way, can I get a jalapeno?
Jalapeno!
Jalapeno.
I also want to tell you, by the way, this is protected by the B, the O, and the B with the D.
Pinkies!
Bop-Dop!
He's the master of slack.
Bop-Dop!
He's the stab you in the back.
Bop-Dop!
He's got a soup pipe.
Bop-Dop!
Never listens to the hype.
Bop-Dop!
He can't stand on his way.
Bop-Dop!
His pa's gonna stay.
Bop-Dop!
He can tell anything.
Bop-Dop!
He's the driver of the night in rain.
Bop-Dop!
All the chicks dig.
Bop-Dop!
He ain't even fuck a pig.
Bop-Dop!
He's got a briefcase.
Bop-Dop!
He can't provide a stay.
Bop-Dop!
He can't provide a stay.
Oh my Bob?
Oh my Bob?
Oh my Bob?
Oh my Bob?
A tear, friends.
And here's a rant
that's not by me.
I've read
hours of rants
by me
for years.
So it's okay
if I let somebody else
do the heavy lifting.
Sitting here reading these things is fun.
Excuse me.
I have a cold.
Reverend
O'Nan Canabite wrote this.
This afternoon's sermon
is on the subject of forgiveness.
It's a
continuation of this morning's
sermon, which as you recall
was on the subject of sin.
For those who were
toiling in the fields and unable to yet
consume this morning's sermon,
a recap.
The Church of the Subgenius
incorporates all other
religion.
We believe everything
that the rest of them do
at the same time and without contradiction
while adding our own special insights
regarding slack, Bob, the conspiracy, and one dollar.
Every thought and deed which is a sin in some other religion,
these are also sins to us.
This ensures that there's always a reason for each individual subgenius to feel bad about them.

For those who elect to walk in the
lumbering path of the
Morososaur, or those who are carried along in the food pouch of the broken brainadon.
Access to the world's sins also ensures an endless banquet of forbidden pleasures,
a thumb in the eye of every deity, and most delightful of all,
the means to offend those for whom offense is validation.
Sin, to a certain degree, is a form of sin.
Subgenius is what we might do anyway that just so happens to offend others or ourselves.
It is expressly distinct from forgiveness to a subgenius.
Every other religion admonishes us to forgive under certain circumstances.
If you want to go to heaven, that's a common condition requiring forgiveness.
Imitating a religious leader, that's another reason other religions say we must forgive.
Other religions always have some specific set of triggers that demand forgiveness.
We don't.
The Church of the Subgenius does not require you to forgive.
Not ever.
Not anybody else, not yourself, not even the objective, indifferent, material universe.
You don't have to forgive the drunk driver who paralyzed your friend from the waist down.
You also don't have to forgive the guy who very lightly brushed against you.

Or the guy who punched you on a public street and then said sorry as he went on his way.
The perfect prince of the church once spoke of the concept of ear flicking.
You don't have to forgive the flicker of the ears, nor the ear itself, nor the flick.
Forgiveness is never an obligation in the Church of the Subgenius.
You can hold that early childhood grudge as long as you get some mileage out of it.
You can grind your teeth out of it.
You can tell people every night about the choices you've made and about how stupid and ugly you are.
You can say no to yourself before you get told no by a potential date or a potential job just to teach yourself a lesson.
The Subgenius Foundation, nor the Church of the Subgenius, nor any individual subgenius, nor Bob will ever require you to forgive.
We just give you the option to forgive.
You can decide to give it a try in the privacy of your own home.
Don't tell anybody and for goodness sake don't write about it on the internet.
Just sit down in the quiet for a few minutes and think of someone, yourself included, who did you wrong and then forgive them.
Notice what happens.
You'll know if it's working or not because you're the one who knows what working means.
Don't run out and tell that person,
Hey man, I forgave you.
Because that's a whole other sermon for a whole other hour of slack.
You've done all kinds of things to yourself.
Some kind, some not.
This is something you're doing to yourself and you're doing it for yourself.
Forgive quietly for just a while to see the outcome.
Bob has given you this choice and this power.
And has taken away your responsibility for making the forgiven.
Accept what you have to say.
Try it and see.
And then stop trying it and see what the difference is.
It doesn't have to make sense.
The forgiveness doesn't have to be proportional to the grievance.
And I can't emphasize enough that it doesn't have to be conveyed to or from the aggrieved.
The mighty church of the subgenius,
the mail order mind control cult of choice for subgenie around the world,
has made a new elective available to your program.
Unlike the mandatory daily readings of the pamphlet,
or making the Hajj pilgrimage to Ex Day,
forgiveness is a choice.
We don't tell you that you have to.
You can if you want to.
And thank you, Reverend Dr. Uncle Onan Canobite,
for that excellent, excellent rant.
And thanks to CyberChump for the background music from their CD,
their moment of perfect happiness.
And forgive me for sounding funny,
because I've been fighting a cold with a nagging cough for a week.
And it's kind of ravaged me.
And now this.
Wherever healing takes place, there Christ is present.
No matter what the church says about fornication,
thou shalt not covet ordinarily.
Thou shalt not kill ordinarily.
Thou shalt not commit adultery ordinarily.
Oh, those depressing thoughts.
A feeling of such doom, Doctor.
It's all right.
What can you do?
You can organize in your town or city.
Demand that your ministers stand up
and be counted on the side of decency and modesty.
Oh, hallelujah.
Where's that other fellow that was trying to piss me off with that sub-gum face?
Couldn't he? Couldn't he?
That was the devil.
That guy, huh?
Man, I can't stand them guys.
The devil, you say, huh?
Uh-huh.
Shit.
Oh, you're dead.
You're in hell, and I'm a demon.
Oh, shit.
Shit.
Hey, there is no bomb.
Oh, boy.
Oh, God, no.
Oh, my God.
There is a bomb.
If this was indeed an extraterrestrial spacecraft with living occupants,
it must have been very disconcerting for them to cross millions of miles of space
only to be hit on the head with rotten oranges.
The dramatic advent of such fascinating objects
as those which were first called flying saucers,
attracted the inevitable attention of those individuals
who let their imaginations run away with their veracity.
By 1950, some of these characters were beginning to spin their stories
of fantastic conversations with alleged space people.
Some of them expanded the stories to include alleged rides in the UFOs.
Suddenly, everything went black, and I realized that I'd been cut off and shut off
in a little tiny room where nobody was listening to me,
and I was talking to this hot little plug,
and I was talking to this plush felt red rubber-tipped microphone
and not hearing a thing and seeing only little tiny lights
and wondering why I was strapped to this chair
and put into this studio that seemed to be rotating very rapidly
with lights flashing off rhythmically,
and it was a small man with a swollen head and hideously deformed eyes
sitting behind the console pushing the buttons
while pencils of light and energy flashed across my body,
and I wondered why I was there and what did they want of me,
and I couldn't figure out why I was sitting there,
and they didn't say anything.
They just kept flashing those lights at me
and pumping those strange chemicals into me,
and the man with the funny head, the leader,
the man with the strange grin and the pipe.
Well, I just want to know, do you want to be in the church or out of the church,
and where's your wallet?
Yeah.
I didn't know that I'd been snatched up, but it wasn't really a dream
until I saw these sacred nasal positions,
and suddenly it all came back to me,
and I realized that...
They'd stolen four and a half hours out of my life
when they put me in that tiny room and plugged all those wires into me
and made me talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk and talk.
Man, that was great.
Great, man.
It was so funny and... or inspiring.
I mean, not... I mean, it wasn't funny.
It was... it was...
It took three years.
Well, it wasn't deep. It was pretty stupid.
But, no, I mean, wait.
Forty billion.
Whatever it was we just heard, it was great.
Right.
I'm sure I'll insert a credit in some clumsy way.
And even contact information for some of the ones that really, really want it really bad,
because that was the worst, best, slash...
What did we just hear? I forgot again.
I don't know, but...
What was this?
Oh, it's a place...
My news feed.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, the news...
Oh, here's something about...
We were talking about dogs on May Relief.
We were talking about the marijuana.
Here's an article about octopuses on ecstasy.
It's not octopi.
It's octopuses.
Does the drug ecstasy make octopuses more friendly?
That, strangely enough, is a question to which scientists now have an answer.
The eight-tentacled invertebrates are notoriously smart.
They can navigate mazes and unscrew jars to get food,
and are also deeply antisocial.
And this neurosurgeon, Gull Dolin,
discovered that octopuses and people share the genes for a protein targeted by MDMA,
the substance in ecstasy,
and they dosed an octopus in a tank.
Let's see.
They put an octopus in a tank with three connected chambers,
one empty,
one containing a star worm,
a horse figurine,
didn't say which one,
and one with another octopus.
Without the MDMA,
the cephalopod focused its attention on the action figure.
But after taking low doses,
the octopus spent much more time with its fellow invertebrate,
even hugging its cage.
Other octopuses displayed similar behavior.
Some even became playful,
doing what researchers described as a water ballet.
So, even though octopuses look like they come from outer space,
says this strangely named person,
she says they're actually not that different from us.
Yeah, but I guess all creatures are both great and small.
Or at least somewhere like in Tenderloin District,
the neo-Nazi combination over there back in National and Friday Tuesdays.
You remember all those guys?
What do you mean remember?
They're destroying our national parks even as we speak right now.
Yeah, like Smokey the Parr and the Angel Buffalo Wings
and all these other people.
They think it's because the government lets them live on that land
and distribute furniture and all that stuff like that.
That means somehow they can't stay there.
Well, apparently climate change in the form of higher temperatures
has been hitting our wilderness areas more sharply than other places.
If carbon emissions aren't curbed,
it would kill most of the yucca palms that give Joshua Tree National Park its name,
melt Glacier National Park's most iconic features,
and cause raging wildfires that could turn Yellowstone's conifer forests into grassland.
Parks are very vulnerable because of where they're located.
In the arid southwest.
And Alaska and so forth.
Yeah.
Well, I keep trying to warn people about this impending doom.
But, you know, nobody ever listens to the old prophet of doom.
Until it's too late.
As Nenslow, the old prophet of doom, pointed out.
Well, at least when you're a prophet of doom, you get a couple bucks a week,
a spanking badge, a little meal ticket you can use once or twice a week.
No, you're talking about prophets of slack.
Prophets of doom, nobody wants to hear it.
Well, I thought they were making more money on the side lately.
Yeah, in fact, we ought to get back on the slack thing.
Forget this doom.
Forget the fact that all the gorillas are going to be dead in about 25, 30 years.
And the rhinos.
They just legalized, China just legalized rhino horn.
Yeah.
As a medicine.
When I was at the Seattle airport, I walked by a poster that almost made me burst into tears.
It was a rhino looking at you from a poster saying, I am not your medicine.
I just wanted to cry.
I'm just, and you know what, Dave, I'm turning into just an old softy.
I'm just a rough, tough cream puff.
Well, that's the way you see it.
That's the way you got to scroll down.
You know?
Yeah.
Get right in there, right in the thick of everything and just come out victorious.
That's all I can wish you well, Stan, for just that brief moment.
Because I think you're a man of tremendous courage.
You're banash.
That's another word I learned the other day.
I can't remember exactly what it means, but vigorosity, women, vigor, coalescence.
Well, thanks for the reach around, Dave.
Hey, if you die tomorrow, hey, I love you, man.
Yeah, if I die tomorrow, that doesn't mean I love you, but it's something.
See, there I am crying again.
Hey, it says here, your kids hate your smartphone addiction.
The average American now spends five hours a day on a mobile device, and kids really resent it.
I like that a little bit.
Yeah, I hate my mom's phone.
I wish she never had one.
I'm not going to lie.
The more parents use their phones, the more their preschool children whine, sulk, or became irritable, easily frustrated, or hyperactive, even if phone use was well within normal level.
Even babies became uncomfortable when they saw their parents' distracted phone face.
But see now, once they're out of preschool, once they're in elementary school,
they got phone face themselves.
They'd rather spend 18 hours of screen time every day.
If they're anything like my grandkids.
And they're, and...
Yeah, but...
My daughter doesn't let the boys do that, but they would if she did.
They'd just stare, and they wouldn't even play video games.
They'd be watching videos of other kids play video games.
They're not city kids.
They're not TV kids.
They're Matrix kids.
I know it's horrible.
No, it's just the way it is, man.
Well, it throws you back a little bit.
I remember walking into a room with small youngsters one time,
and they were just as loud as small youngsters are, and giving quite a jolt.
Because you don't usually think of people that all, like say 20 people all talking at the same high volume,
even though it's like tiny little teens, little human voices and so forth.
And I came back within five minutes later, and everybody was staring at a different application.
And each one of them was making them engage in a certain different way than they were before.
And I didn't like the palindrome.
I mean, it was a place to hang my hat or my foreskin or anything else.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
That put a strange image in my head, Dave.
Your foreskin and your hat.
Yeah, it's like somebody wearing a turban or something.
Oh my God, I just realized I don't have my hat on.
That's terrible.
Or my foreskin.
I mean, it's on, but it's not, you know, it's not...
They've changed places.
And this is going on around the world, where they're exchanging places.
People with foreskins appearing on their foreheads.
Right.
And they go to the police.
They go to the police.
They go to the proper authorities, for what I don't know, but they go to the proper ones.
File complaints, saying,
Ooh, this doesn't look too good for my Tuesday supper next week with the luncheon ladies club.
Or anything like that.
Especially since they're all a bunch of resolute Republicans.
Sorry.
And so they reach as far as they can out into the half-moon blissful nature of the entire
you know, democracy that we live in.
And expect to make a...
What we used to live in.
You used to live in.
And expect to make a difference.
Yeah, because America has been made great again.
Half of America can't vote anymore.
So that, you know, they don't have to worry about all that, you know, tricky stuff.
It's like ancient Rome.
If you're, you know, a member of the imperial family, 5,000 miles away, you can get all
these favorites and have people carry you around in chairs and stuff.
Those were the...









Those were the days.
Those were the days.
But if you don't, they could feed you to the lions or the baboons or any other, you know...
The baboons were a bad way to go.
A real bad...
Lions are fairly quick.
Baboons are a toy.
I saw a lady shot of a giraffe.
Man, that was sick.
And she, I guess she was some kind of religious figure or some...
She thought she was important, you know, and used to wear cool clothes.
And she was trying to show, like, parts of her body and stuff.
Then they killed...
She killed a giraffe despite everybody getting mad at her and stuff, as they should.
Why would you want to kill a giraffe?
Anyway, she posed with it after...
To prove that you're rich enough to go there and do that.
Yeah, yeah.
That's why.
I mean...
That's really the only reason.
That's why.
And looking at her, the smile on her face, like when she held up the head of the trophy,
made me think there's a big difference between...
A lot of people on this planet.
We're not all floating to the same measure here, you know?
Well, I have no objection to hunting.
That's an important skill that...
Put meat on the table.
It's a good thing somebody has.
And there are animals that really need to be hunted.
Like those deer in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, in the middle of the city,
that live in vacant lots and...
Are starving all the time.
They need to be thinned out.
But how are you going to do it?
It's illegal to even discharge a firearm in the whole state.
Practically, I think.
Now...
Well, in comparison to Texas, yeah.
Yeah, but we...
There's a...
I had dinner with a bunch of deer hunters.
There's a must-carry law in Texas, I guess.
No.
What?
There's a must-carry law.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
You have to be packing.
I'm worried about getting caught not.
So I keep putting it off.
I'm just going to buy a Taurus Judge.
You can use that to blow away mentally ill subgeniuses who invade your space,
or you can switch it to Ratshot and dispatch rattlesnakes and such.
That's really where I'm going to have it set most of the time,
because I think we...
I think we already did most of the mental illness.
Yeah.
I think we already did most of the mental illness of geniuses.
So do you still wear those pink high heel pumps to attract as many snakes that you attack
when you're trying to show them the guns?
Yeah, I do.
I got a brand new pair, in fact.
They're really, really good.
I was wondering...
Yeah.
They attract them, but they're snake...
They're bite-proof, unless it's a really big snake.
And of course, if it's a 30-foot python, you're out of luck, because it ain't the bite that's
going to kill you.
It's the hug.
Yeah.
But it's a snake.

It's a snake.

But yeah, anyway, there's a...
Yeah, I had dinner with the deer hunters that hunt deer on Stang Ranch during the season,
and I got a bad cough and cold.
So if you hear my voice sounding broken, that's why.
I've been coughing.
Dave, coughing, I tell you.
Cough, cough.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Coughing cockroaches out.
I'm telling you.
I'll have it for you.
You just can't handle it.
Yeah.
I don't even know that you will.
I won't bite it.
In the end, if you, like itир own Lilac, who we don't like, is




Well, that's pretty good.
I'll take a sip.
That's great.
And if you ever saw my movie, Let's Visit the World of the Future and The Trial at the same time, you'd go, oh, Stan copped some stuff.
Stan copped some lighting gimmicks and shot compositions.
And it's sort of a somewhat of a mood.
It's a real interesting movie to try with Psycho Man, Tony Perkins as the Kafkaesque idiot.
And then Janet Leigh's like the head vampire woman.
Well, I don't know.
Kind of like throws that little extra V8 juice in the can, you know?
Yeah.
Hey, speaking of old people, we need to cut to something else to prove we're not old for a whole hour, okay?
So, hey!
Get a load of this!
Now, I ask you.
I ask you, sir or lady.
Thank you.
What brand?
What brand did Jesus smoke?
Hey, you didn't know that one either.
Did your preacher know that Jesus smoked Chesterfield?
Did you know that smoking was a sin unless it's Chesterfield?
Now, Jesus smoked them.
Yet, they did not exist 2,000 years ago.
We must accept this on faith.
There's no logical explanation for it.
There's no logical explanation for it.
You don't use your mind to think about your religion.
So, you must ask yourself.
Do you have slack?
Do you?
Do you have slack?
Now, Bob teaches the full gospel of slack.
The uncut, X-rated version of slack.
You have your book of the subgenius.
Would you please turn to Pre-Scripture 715?
The question posed is, how do you know you have slack?
How do you know?
How do you know?
How do you know?
You know your eternal check balance.
It's ready to make Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.

Bob.



Bob.
Bob.
Once the energies have started to flow through you, you've become to the centering of the sea.
Not the being, but the sea.
And the visualization of the true work.
The one thing you want to do so badly.
And now with the injection of this each force that you have received through the regulation of the cash flow
and the invoking of the Yakutismic forces
and the true aesthetic beauty life-death force of the universe is coursing through your veins.
We now look at our work and go through it.
Plan every step of it.
Every, every facet of it.
Until there it is.
Crafted, polished, completely, perfectly assembled.
The great jewel.
A great creation.
A jewel of something.
Some great expression that we've wanted for so long.
And we focus it.
We examine it.
We look at it.
Holding it there with the energy from it feeding back to us, from us, as it is us.
We are it.
And then we blow it all off.
That's right, friends.
At that moment, we just blow it all off.
We snuff it out.
We throw it away.
We say, yeah, well, that could be done.
Could be done.
Could be done exactly that way.
I know I can.
So what?
Why should I?
And when you blow something like that off.
Ah, the slack.
It doesn't trickle in, friends.
It surges in.
It's a great injection of slack into you.
Yes.
Now, friends, we've been playing a lot of material.
This show from the old subgenius media barrage albums, which you can.
We've had us.
First, they were audio tapes in the 80s and 90s.
And then there were CDs.
And we'll probably put them on band camp or someplace where people, modern day people can get them.
But, yeah, all these collages and wonderful old songs there.
I just basically went through my digital files of all those albums and pulled out the ones, these titles I recalled as being good pieces.
And only this time they're randomly arranged and probably comes out just about as well orchestrated as it was when I carefully and painstakingly edited that all that stuff into a flowing.
And I'm glad I'm not doing it.
Now, I'm going to go ahead and do the next thing.
This is what I'm going to do.


This is the hour of slack.
So it doesn't have to really flow.
It can be jerky.
Hey, hey, there, Dr. Brew.
Uh, the revered overlord animal.
Hey, how's it going with you?
Um, I've been okay.
I've missed you being around.
Yeah, I've been feeling kind of down lately.
You know, I've been feeling like, like, there's like this crushing dread and I'm like,





I've been feeling down too.
Like, it's like a icy hands on my heart feeling.
Yeah, yeah.
But I was like, I was worried, like for a while there, you know, like I was having problems
breathing and I wasn't thinking clearly.
And, uh, and it wasn't from half in paint, but I was like around some asbestos or anything.
No, no, no.
You mean like the mesothelioma stuff?
Yeah.
No, no.
Make it hard to breathe.
I hear.
I, yeah, yeah.
You know, I, I know a guy that had, it wasn't like a, it wasn't like a, it wasn't like a






mesothelioma, but he got sick when he got hit by a boulder.
Oh, paleothelioma.
That's the one.
It, yeah, the last boulder that hit him just knocked him right in the lungs.
Then, and made it so he couldn't breathe anymore?
Yeah.
It was also the first boulder that hit him.
Wow.
Yeah.
So.
You don't want to mess with paleothelioma.
No, paleothelioma will knock you right out.
Mm-hmm.
So, yeah, it was, that was a real heavy moment for him.
Yeah.
But no, it was, it's more like I got like this crushing dread.

Uh, water has been, you know, coming from my eyes at random moments, but not, I mean,
not so random.
It's like when I turn on the news.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, you know, uh, just stuff like that, you know.
Uh, I've been having a lot of night terrors.
Oh, yeah, night terrors.
Yeah, but during the day.
D, all day night terrors.
All, all day night terrors.
Leaky eye water.
Leaky eye water.
Hard to breathe.
Hard to breathe.
Is it, uh, senozoophelioma?
No, it's not.



Senozoophelioma, that the Senate, this current, yeah, you know what?
Yeah, the current Senate is making me rather sick.
Yeah.
It turns out that's probably the ailment.
Yeah.
That is a, you know.
It's, it's causing disease across the nation, apparently.
I, I, it's rather, it's, but it's like, it's like some people really don't get it.
When the other people, they get it.
Yeah.
And they're feeling really bad.
I think some people have compromised brain function and that somehow, I don't know.
Inoculates them.
Yeah.
To some extent.
Yeah.
And as a subgenius, I would think that I'm immune, but, uh, apparently, I guess if you're
able to bootstrap the wool over your own eyes, uh, then it's not the same.
It doesn't work the same.
It's only a partial inoculation.
Eventually it'll catch up with them though.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Like.
Senozoophelioma.
They'll be crushing under the wing.
Yeah.
But I don't, I don't know what I'm supposed to do about it.
I don't know what I'm supposed to do about it because I was, uh, I need healthcare for
it, but apparently that's not a thing here in Texas.
Uh, you know.
Oh yeah.
We don't have healthcare.
We have death panels.
Oh yeah.
Especially if you have a problem with the Senate, they're like, oh yeah, we've got a
place for you and more, you know, whatever.
But I, what I was thinking is like, remember that windfall that we got from our secret
Patreon?
Oh yeah.
That pile, that like bag of cash that was left on our doorstep.
Yeah.
That briefcase that was with the unmarked bills.
Yeah.
Non sequential.
With Bob's face on it.
On every other one.
Yeah.
Not, not in a sequence.
So.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, okay.
Those, that money's what I was thinking we could have done.
Cause we.
Did we spend all that money?
We, we, yeah.
You might not remember the whole weekend, but that did go kind of, uh.
It really helped with the Senozoophelioma though.
Yeah.
Yeah.
More people should leave us briefcases of cash.
That's for sure.
Yeah.







And definitely lifted the feeling of dread for a moment.
A hot minute.
Yeah.
A hot minute.
Maybe if we get more, we can use it to start a foundation.
Yeah.
I was thinking if we just moved outside of the state of Texas.
Well, yeah.
Away, away from this, whatever.
Cause I mean like, you know, we could just cruise outside of Texas as it were.
Yes.
Uh, you know, and, uh, and then like, so we could get to somewhere else, a little more
further away from where we are in our current state and then, uh, build a foundation like,
you know, just like straight up another, like a sub foundation, like a health zone for the
subgenius, the Uber Femmes and the Yeti kin.
So we could like have our slack in a, in a protected zone.
With healthcare, like a health spa.
Like a spa for, for Senozoophelioma.
Sufferers.
Sufferers.
The Yeti kin and Uber Femmes suffering from Senozoophelioma.
Senozoophelioma.
Yeah.
I think that's a good idea.
I think so too.
Where, where we're going to have to, maybe we can get our listeners to.
Send in suggestions.
I would like to, if you, uh, if you go to the, uh, you know, find Anna Mall or, uh,
Dr. Brujaha on Facebook and, uh, possibly, or just bug Stang about it, you know, cause
they're in Texas too.
Stang in Princeton.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They're in Texas as well.
And, and, uh, of course they're, they're, they're dealing more with palothelium, uh,
up there.
He's got to watch out for the.
Those rocks.
Those giant falling rocks.
Just deadly boulders.
They're boulders with the dinosaur footprints in them.
Oh yeah.
Sometimes they just, it's like a kick from an eternity ago.
Whoa.
Propels the rock into this time, into your chest.
Yeah.
I think that's a good idea.








I, you know, I honestly, yeah.
I've seen it.
That.
It's the opposite of slack.
Yeah.
So I'm going to go where there's not just a giant pile of boulders sitting around waiting
to get us.
Mm-hmm.
And also where there's not a whole bunch, like where there's not like where they put
all the asbestos that they got rid of.
Mm-hmm.
Not the, not the pile of asbestos.
Asbestos.

And, and, and not necessarily near anywhere that, uh, but, you know.

You know, honestly, yeah.
Suggestions please, uh, find us on the Facebook.
We're in the slack hole too or whatever.
There's all kinds of little places.
Suggestions for our Seno, Senozoa Thelioma Clinic.
Clinic.
And health spa.
Yeah.
Cause I need to, I need to get like, like giant furry yetis to massage people.
Mm.
Or, uh, like a, like a, we get the, the pond that we could all like sit in.
Have you ever had a silky yeti massage?
I have not had a silky yeti massage.
It's really nice.
It's kind of, they have very like silky forearms and they kind of like brush.
That sounds delightful.
Brush it on you like gently.
And it's, it's aura cleansing and just therapeutic.
And it also takes away the like, uh, like those particles from the Seno Thelioma.
Senozoa Thelioma.
Yeah.
That can like start making you feel scared.
It's a lot like the face, um, something bats that we can't say that went on the radio,
but like, you know, yeah, the, the bats that attach to the face.
And then we had the antivenom.
Mm.
And so we could actually have an antivenom, uh, man, uh, like a site there at the spa
making the antivenom as well for people that are having bat problems.
Oh, the bat antivenom.
Yes.
Yeah.
The face something bats that face bats that.
Yeah.
There is an antivenom for that.
I think it's, I think they're boofing the bats.
Bat boofing.
Yeah.
The face boofing bats.
I don't know.
Oh, that sounds horrifying.
I'm so glad I haven't been anywhere near those.
Right.
I know.
This is why we need more pudding.
Yeah, definitely.
Anyway.
So yeah.
If you, if anybody wants to drop a briefcase of money off for, uh, Dr. Brujaha.
Yeah.
Or Overlord Animal here.
Yeah.
Then by all means, uh, yeah.
Send it down our way.
Now here's a little bit of a surprise.




This is a strange recording.
Uh, Reverend Bleepo Abernathy has been doing, uh, radio and production sound production
forever and has worked with, well, he was, he was the regular audio engineer for the
station where, uh, Howard Stern was and, uh, now is like an actor in Hollywood, but he,
he recorded this little bit.
Actually, there's no record of it.
That's a lie.
There are, uh, the audio has been done in pro here.

Uh, now it's stuff like a, uh, now, uh.



No, I'll run the 80s with the other saturation cues.
You are in behind the black and you down,ihat,medically yummy.

Yeah.


If, I thought someone would throw a 있으 Psalмотрите three-stage recording.
I saw, I got caught watching it.
Ah, I, I'd like newolds.
Uh, the
uh, it's in Portugal.
Oh, thanks, Bill.
Listen, yeah.
Bill.
Yes.
What the hell is a podcast?
I mean, come on, man.
It's where you take a radio.
Yeah.
And then you disassemble it.
Yeah.
Then you let a bunch of people who've never done radio.
Yeah.
Come in and put the radio back together.
Yeah.
And then they take that radio that's been put back together.
Yeah.
And they put it on the internet.
And then they make a whole lot of money.
Oh, wow, man.
So, okay.
So.
Yeah.
Can I get a job doing that?
What the hell you just said there?
As long as you're a YouTube celebrity with 400,000 or more followers.
Okay.
You can get a job being a YouTube celebrity.
Okay.
With 400,000.
With 400,000 or more followers.
Okay.
But the qualification is you need to have at least 400,000 followers.
Otherwise, the people who pay the people with 400,000 followers won't give you a nickel.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
It's too bad because you know what?
I got a thing on YouTube.
If I may say.
Yeah.
Jerry Goodwin.
Jerry Goodwin demo.
YouTube.
Jerry Goodwin demo.
Yeah.
And you know what?
I have not received a dime.
Ah, yeah.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
So, you were saying.
You get on YouTube and you make some money.
So, how come?
Well, it's because you don't have 400,000 followers.
Well, who knows about.
Who knows that?
The people with 400,000 or more followers know that.
They got it all sewn up, these people.
Ah.
Yeah.
That's all you have to do.
It doesn't matter.
You could like, you know, tap dance or like.
Or literally, you can tap a pencil on a table.
Yes.
And as long as you get 400,000 followers for that, you will be the table pencil tapping champion.
All right.
Yeah.
So, all right.
Forgive me for.
I got a fucking.
Okay.
If I whack my dick on this microphone 400,000 times, I will be recognized?
It depends upon whether the.
Yeah.
Probably.
Yeah.
That's probably a surefire.
I got to tell you something.
I hope so.
God damn it.
If it involves a dick.
Come on.
Or a fart.
You got to go to the goddamn hospital and get my dick wrapped up.
Or a fart.
Hey, listen, man.
I can do it.
But hey, don't dare me.
Or something being thrown at you.

Or something being thrown at your crotch.
And then you doubling over.
This is a big thing in the YouTube videos.
Is crotch pain is a big.
I swear to God.
Oh, yeah.
I know.
Oh, yeah.
And then also falling down.
They love that.
Well, you know.
But I think people have loved that since time immemorial.
People falling down.
Yeah.
I don't like that myself.
Slipping.
No.
Slipping and fucking falling.
Because I have slipped and fallen.
No.
And fucking ended up in the goddamn hospital.
Yeah.
I mean, what's up with that bullshit?
Yeah.
And yet somebody, if they had filmed that, it's not right.
But here's the thing.
I think that when they put it in the people that were slipping and falling were clowns.
Professional slippers and fallers.
Yeah.
And they were the ones that were supposed to slip and fall.
Yeah.
It's true.
And their parents set them up for it.
And they trained for it.
They went to college for it.
They went to college for it.
They ice skated.
That's all they had to do.
Get out on the goddamn ice ponds.
Yeah.
And run and slip and fall.
That's how.
Run and slip and fall.
The Brinker family.
Run and slip and fall.
Yep.
Run and slip and fall.
Come on.
The Brinker family.
The Hans Brinkers.
They made.
Well, Hans and his family.
They made.
That's really how they made their fortune.
To start.
The Brinkers made a fortune.
Well, because Hans Brinker was a young.
He was a skater.
Yes.
In Holland.
Yeah.
And he, because some shit went down, skated his ass off and saved.
The town.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, the country.
Yeah.
Because the leak in the dike.
Wasn't it the leak in the dike?
I think that's correct.
His sister put her finger in the leak in the dike.
Yeah.
And he skated away.
Somebody.
And told everybody, hey, my sister's holding her finger in the leak in the dike.
And then that way, that's how.
And she helped.
She kept the finger there.
And then the townspeople came with what?
Plaster or something.
And somehow they covered up the hole.
Yeah.
Which didn't leak anymore.
Yeah.
And then.
That was happily ever after.
And that was how the marijuana industry got started.
In Holland.
See, it has nothing to do with windmills.
It's either wind, you know.
I mean, the cliche is.
Yeah.
And you've got to avoid cliches with this podcast.
Yeah.
Well.
So that's a story you have not heard.
I just want to make sure that you know.
You have not heard that story anywhere else.
Not.
This podcast.
Listen.
Not only have I not heard that story, but I don't even know what the fucking story you're
talking about.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.






It's a double not being able to.
I'm going to bed.
Okay.
All right.
I'll catch you on the other end of the podcast.
Thanks.
And then.
Now.
Well, thank you, Bleepo and Jerry.
Now we're going to go back to.
To Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
On the phone.
The music, by the way, in the background is Cyber Chump.
An album.
Called.
Their moment of perfect happiness.
Which shows two people in astronauts space suits.
On a lovely sunny beach.
On the cover.
Nice background music.
.

Okay, so yeah, so friends, you're listening to the Hour of Slack,
one of the Church of the Subgenius radio ministries.
There's actually like at least four of them going now
because you got your Puzzling Evidence,
your Suzy the Flusies Bob Slack Time Fun House over there by WREK in Atlanta,
and you got your Time for the Show show,
which is not broadcast, but that doesn't matter.
Yeah, and this is an outreach.
This is a prison outreach, friends.
This is a ministry that cares about the prisoner.
We won't give you a bunch of stuff for free.
We'll give you free information for free.
And here's our post office box.
Prisoners, because you're not on the Internet,
you can write to Hour of Slack, Reverend Stang or Bob Dobbs,
not that Bob's going to pick up the mail,
at this address, Box 807.
807, see, it almost spells Bob.
I wanted to get 808, but somebody, some Baptist had it.
And the town is Glen Rose, Texas,
as like the rose in the Glen,
and the zip is 76043.
That's Box 807, Glen Rose, Texas, 76043.
How's that?
Sound Texas-y enough?
You should say it.
And crackly?
My voice all crackly enough for you, listeners?
Yeah.
Yeah, that part sounded good,
but you're supposed to remember to say everything three times
so the judge can't hear you.
A jargonistic waiter can...
That's right.
Church's subgenius, Hour of Slack, Post Office Box 807,
Glen Rose, Texas, 76043.
Not 76043, but 76043.
That's different.
You've scratched a deep wound in your skull, haven't you?
Yeah, it's different from different.
Different.
Different.
Different is different.
Different from different.
Different.
Different.
Different.
It's different.
That means it morphs into something else along the way,
like wearing the Hitler nightgown.
I remember Morph and his Hitler nightgown.
He was completely unembarrassed to be wearing that.
In fact, he just showed it off every chance he got.
Got kind of old.
It's like, oh, God, here's Morph showing up.
With his Hitler nightgown.
And his flab roll.
He's never going to shut up about it.
Just flouncing around going, oh, I feel so Hitler-y in my Hitler nightgown.
You know, as Philo Drummond was forced to say recently,
when everybody's Hitler, nobody's Hitler.
Well, I don't normally agree with him politically, but I think that's...
He's really good at...
Whipping out statements like that at people that don't agree with him politically,
which is about half the country.
But, you know, we're talking about subgenius politics,
where the government is you.
And, unfortunately, the taxpayer and slave to the state of you is also you.
And, uh...
And if you're married, there's a queen of the state.
And if you've got kids, then you've got some serfs.
If you can get them off of their damn pads and pods for ten minutes
to scoop up the dog poo or whatever kind of job that kids are supposed to have now.
That was my job all through most of my life.
Cleaning up.
Other people's poo.
Or dogs' poo, mostly.
Horses.
Shoveled lots of horse manure.
Oh.
It's...
Man.
That stuff's perfumery compared to the dog.
Or the people.
Pooey.
Ugh.
Heck, I'd just jump into a great little pile of...
of, uh...
ungulate poo.
Just about any kind of ungulate poo.
What's the difference between regular...
prefactory blue and ungulate?
The hoofed animals all eat plants.
So their poo is...
Like clams and stuff.
No.
Oh, yeah.
No, no.
You know, cactuses and grass and rutabagas and pumpkins and stuff.
Just any...
Terns.
Trees.
Yeah.
Poison ivy.
But the, you know, the people and the canines and predator things
are...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.












And so, P-U.
Hmm.
I found a couple of crusty little things in my office today
that must have been a week old.
Somehow they...
And I was gone for a week.
Somehow...
And I bet it was Buddy.
He somehow hiked his butt up high enough
to put his product on display.
Not on the floor.
But up on a box.
A pretty high up box.
He likes to show off that way.
He has managed to lay one of those mean little loads he's been packing
in the midst of a bunch of cactus.
And I don't know how he does that without getting stuck.
It's just that he likes to show off.
He's so aware that he...
It's like he has eyes back there.
And he can get close to the thorns but not quite...
And, you know,
do a kind of a daredevil drop.
Coyotes and raccoons do that too.
I think he's trying to compete with them.
Well, he hears it's going around
so he wants to be in on it.
As I would too.
I used to...
He'd like to throw his shoulder into it
and roll in it.
But I usually catch him before they do that.
I've learned the hard way.
What's the human group,
or not to say...
What's the group,
but what is the belief system that says,
you know,
that feces are good for your hair
and you just rub your own
and let them mature at a rate of 6% interest
and stuff like that?
Oh, that would be the diehard Trump supporters,
I think.
And some Rastafarians, I think,
use cow manure as a kind of a hair pomade.
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
Seriously.
I mean,
but again,
you know,
the poop of ungulates is not offensive particularly,
especially if you've been,
you know,
shoveling it for years
out in those Hercules stables.
Oh, God.
That was some serious labors, man.
Yeah.
They used to whoop you like you were a stable boy.
Or you were a stable boy.
Yeah, I was.
I actually did.
That was my choice.
That was my choice.
Stable boy choice.
Yes, sir.
And I hated horses, too.
I never enjoyed horseback riding.
They're huge.
They're dangerous.
They throw you off into piles of cow manure and cactus.
They disobey you and show you that you're not a good horse rider
because you can't make me do what you want me to do.
Yeah, they step on your feet.
Yeah, they humiliate you.
If you're me.
Me, too.
If you're a girl, oh, my God.
Well, they're just...
the biggest vibrator that ever could be.
That's my findings, too.
And it's reprinted from University of Indiana Press, 2015, May.
Girls like horses because you know.
Yeah, yeah, I've noticed that.
Well, it's been peer-reviewed.
Peer, get it?
Hey, we better cut to something else now.
Okay.
Are you ready?
And now this.
From PR News in Washington, I'm placed on administrative leave by sex priests
after a supreme pro-sex leader was killed in an apparent sex last yesterday.
But Israel is praising the move.
The Kremlin says to end PR News in Washington.
Slack Friday has started, man!
And, whoa, man, I can now explain to you on the Internet
that this is our big,
annual blowout
when you get two
Church of the Subgenius
ordainment kits
for the price of one.
Maybe you're already ordained,
but
don't you want your old ma and pa
to be on the escape vessels, too,
when next day comes
and the world ends?
And what about that cool niece and nephew?
And what about Spot,
Rover,
Old Hollerer,
and Little Tabby?
Are you going to deliberately leave them behind
to be tortured as pinks
by all your fellow subgeniuses?
And besides eternal salvation
or triple your money back,
for that mere $35,
you get a lot of actual stuff
inside that sizable black folder with pockets.
You get your membership pin,
your shiny, coated minister's card,
two,
fine,
B-Dob's-headed
vinyl bumper stickers,
the Doctorate of the Forbidden Sciences,
and the all-purpose
divine excuse document
signed by Bob.
Oh, that felt good.
Both poster-sized
and dying to be framed.
You get 32 pages
of densely illustrated
and floridly written tracts.
That is,
pamphlets number one and two.
You get a cardboard
eight-and-a-half-inch
by eleven portrait of Bob
only two generations
from the original clip art itself.
The Pledge of the Subgenius,
the Brag of the Subgenius,
a leaflet about Connie Dobbs,
an anti-subgenius fake flyer,
the amazing Tree of Life poster
by Mavridis and Stang,
the Salvation or Destruction poster
by Hel Swami Satellite Weavers
that Devo adapted,
painted for a poster,
and much, much more.
All kinds of stuff
that you can photocopy
and leave in laundromats
and at the state fair.
It's a twenty-seven piece kit altogether
and I personally signed
the three-page Welcome & Instructions
letter myself
in sparkly green ink.
And best of all,
you become an ordained minister
with the power to lawfully wed couples
or anything else. Two kits like this for 35 bucks, folks, but act fast because this incredible offer
ends December 23rd if the world doesn't first. That's subgenius.com, and the link for
Slack Friday ordainment is right at the top. We take credit cards, checks, PayPal, you name it,
and if you don't need this so-called false progress like the internet, you can mail us at,
got that pencil or phone ready? Subgenius at P.O. Box 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043. Shortest address
we've ever had, and I'm pretty sure this one's permanent because we're now on an actual cult
compound in rural Texas.
Not all that far from where the United States government mass-murdered the Branch Davidians
near fabled Waco. That's Box 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043 or subgenius.com. Praise Bob!
Oh, and by the way, we really are hurting for money due to the delays in selling the old address.
So this wouldn't be a bad time for just a plain flat-out donation, which we make very easy by way of
paypal.me slash Ivanstang, I-V-A-N-S-T-A-N-G, or the button on the homepage of subgenius.com.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
