Climb inside.
On awaits you if you climb inside.
Climb inside my little keeper.
Climb inside my little keeper.
Climb inside my little keeper.
I have returned here in the West.
I'm called Christ.
I've been sent by my father Lucifer as a divine agent of intervention
to save you from a nuclear holocaust and the destruction of the human race.
Be not afraid.
The great disappearance that has just occurred is all part of the plan.
These people that were removed were highly crystallized in their thought patterns.
They would have been unable to accept the new age of Satanism.
And now the old is gone and it's time to bring in the new.
I come to bring you all to God.
All religions have strayed from the cosmic truth of God and the universe.
Now I will show you all the simple path to God
and you shall see all of you.
You shall see all of yourselves as the divine beings that you truly are.
All one in the vast synchronicity of the cosmos.
You will understand the great law of karma
and you will learn to live in peace and harmony and brotherhood among all of mankind.
Together we can eliminate all war, suffering, disease, hunger and injustice.
Love and light can fill the earth and we shall seal the door where evil dwells forever.
And the great plan can be fulfilled.
The perfect plan.
The perfect plan.
The perfect plan.
The perfect plan.
The perfect plan.
Follow me my brothers and sisters and we shall create a new world.
Today the kingdom of God has come upon you.
May the force be with you all.
My friends, that was a direct reading from a so-called radio broadcast.
It was done last week.
I didn't want to play it.
I didn't have a tape of the original, but that's the exact words of a broadcast.
And I'm afraid that what I'm going to say to you will shock you.
It will disturb your sleep.
It will make you worry for your loved ones.
It will give you nightmares of disaster, plague, and horrible death.
It will make you rethink the priorities of your life.
It will change the way that you look at yourself and the world.
There is a killer loose in the land.
This killer cuts down all that he touches.
If he touches you, you will die.
If he touches your child, your child will die.
His victims die a slow, horrible death.
They waste away.
They drown in their own body fluids.
They lose control of their mouth.
They lose their memory.
They become demented.
They die in vain.
They die in agony.
There is nothing that can be done to save them.
The killer's name is J.R. Bob Dogs, or Bob for short.
When he starts to kill you, it is said that you are slackless, an insensate, weak puppet
with no soul, an occupant of an earth ship rocketing headlong into Armageddon.
This killer and his cult of followers first emerged on the American scene in the 1950s,
rising.
Like an angel of grinning death from out of the oozing rivers of body fluids that spilled
like feted waterfalls into the streets of our beloved America, from the sick and sleazy
pleasure houses of the killer Bob and his twisted subgeniuses.
And yet, despite this heinous assault on all of the good and pure and virtuous traditions
that made America a shining beacon of freedom to all of us, the killer and his cult of
all the world, the authorities have done nothing to stop this terror from washing over
this great land like a sea of evil blood.
In fact, the leaders that you elected are aiding and abetting their cause, claiming
these evil subgeniuses have the same rights as ordinary people.
Our elected officials are daring to let these freaks and perverts hide behind the protection
of the Constitution of the United States.

It has been well documented that the tremendous power of organized militant groups such as
the Subgenius Liberation Army Corps, or SLAK, S-L-A-K, have its slimy tendrils deep into the
White House, the United Nations, and possibly even to the Vatican and the Council on Foreign
Relations. These swine hold most of our craven and criminal politicians in thrall, either
through threats and blackmail or through the use of force. They are the ones who are the

most likely to be killed.
Or else through the politicians' own naked lust for the pleasures that Bob's world offers.
You are about to participate in a great adventure. You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius power of SLAK.
It will take you to a place where you are never going to experience the awe and mystery

He was an average sort of guy. The image of us all. How can I say this. It was good in Larry and it was evil.
The evil part broke through, took hold. Call it an accident or call it a warning?
A warning?
I'm a reporter, not a mystic, Linda. But there are things beyond us, things perhaps we're not meant to understand.
If what's happened has made this all clear, well then perhaps it makes sense anyway.



Have faith, Linda.
Have faith in the good that's still in Larry.
And in all men.
Ain't got no car.
Ain't got no wife.
In fact, I got killed.
Coming over here tonight.
I am a dead man.
I'm laying on the floor.
I am a dead man.
I am deceased.
And what's more, I am a dead man.
Yes, I have discontinued living.
I have given up on cash.
Wine and women.
I ain't got no money.
I ain't got no shoes.
I guess it ain't funny.
That is why I have the blues.
I am so dead that I feel like a stiff.
If you don't believe it, just take a sniff.
I am a dead man.
Sniff me.
hwa-ha-ha.
It goes nothing, lo-la-la-la.
Sniffing ain't very big car to sleep on.


Ain't got no job.
Cuz I won't need it any more.
Can't hit the time clock.
Cuz I can't get up no more.
I'm on a permanent vacation.
And from here on I'm off to Rome.
With no pay, don't ask me what I think, cause I got nothing to say. I tell you I am dead, that's why I have the blues. Yes, that's what I said, now I'm telling you the news.
I am a dead man, as cold as I can be, I am a dead man, if you don't believe it just touch me, I am a dead man, I have paid the ultimate price, that's why I'm qualified to give you this advice.
I'm a dead man, D-E-A-D, I am dead, that's what I said, I am dead.
Oh yes, dear friends, and it's true, it's John Bartles there, a fine, fine performer, but we'll get back to more from the fine Mr. Bartles as soon as we can.
But you know, the power, the power of organized perversion is a factor in the suppression of the truth about this bomb.
And it is certainly...
A fact that these deviants are part of the media's push to destroy America.
If the uncensored truth about Bob were released to the American people, it would have the potential of permanently derailing the plan to submerge America into a multicultural new world order.
It would have the potential of waking up the sleeping American people.
And our map.
The monsters in Washington, New York, and Dobstown, Bolivia cannot allow that to happen.
We're repeatedly told by the controlled media that the Church of the Subgenius is a joke, a bunch of crackpots poking a little fun at our sacred American heritage.
But that simply is not true.
In fact, they are an extremist paramilitary organization, highly trained in the art of mind control.
And by who?
By our own CIA.
That's who the Church of the Subgenius infiltrated our most secret organizations in 1953.
When a letter signed by J. Edgar Hoover recommended that a young man named J.R. Bob Dobbs be placed in charge of the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book, investigating the phenomenon known as UFOs.
In later years, he befriended a young agent named George Bush.
And a soldier named Lee Harvey Osborn.
And a soldier named George Oswald.
Yes, it is some great joke, isn't it?
Let's hope that the rest of us survive long enough to make it to the punchline.
When Dobbs left the government payroll in late 1970s, he had by then left a long trail of twisted minds behind him.
Key government officials converted into practicing occultists in the surface of the Killer Bob.
It has been speculated that between 80 and 95 percent of children that disappear from our homes due to kidnapping are converted to the subgenius faith by means of drugs, torture, and starvation.
These children are smuggled out of the country and sent to one of the cult's overseas slave labor camps.
Cruel sweatshops where the children are forced to spend 16 hours a day making fake miracle trinkets.
Which their false prophet leader brought.


Bob peddles to his followers making over 17 million dollars in 1993.
Many of the children are sent to Thailand to stalk Bob Dobbs' many brothels.
Some are sent to one of the 13 Dobbs Town training centers to be indoctrinated to learn the dark secrets of the cult.
And to work in their jungle laboratories manufacturing a designer drug called Gabrogfran.
In 1983, three subgeniuses were arrested for covertly attempting to poison the Philadelphia water supply with a 50 gallon dose of this potent hallucinogen.
The charges were dropped and the information suppressed by order of the Department of Defense.
Because it seems that this Gabrogfran drug was developed by the military as a weapon under orders of CIA head George Bush.
During the Carter administration.
How many innocents must die so that the sick sex games of the perverts subgeniuses can continue?
How long must we wait before the police and the military take matters into their own hands and stop this madness?
What can you do to save your family and your country from this deadly menace?
There's a lot you can do.
Avoid contact with the police.
Avoid contact with known subgeniuses.
If there is a known subgenius district in your area, avoid it.
Do not go there.
Avoid the trendy or fashionable part of town whenever possible.
This is often where subgeniuses are to be found.
If you live in a rural area or small town that has preserved traditional American values, stay there.
Watch your family for signs of disobedience or strange behavior.
Stay away from the television.
It has become infested with subliminal messages that lure you and your loved ones into the cult.
Do not go to airports alone.
If you must go, however, be sure not to drink anything.
Bring bottled water.
Many airport water supplies are tainted by the Gbrogfran.
Teams of subgeniuses work at every airport in America waiting for the drug to take effect and loading their helpless victims into waiting planes while airport officials and the air force are waiting for the drug to take effect.
The FAA do nothing.
Make your children stay at home after school.
If they try to sneak out, beat them severely.
This is very important as this blood cult of evil targets places where teens congregate.
Shopping malls are among the best recruiting grounds for young people to be lured into Dobbs' evil web.
If you would like more information about this threat to our American way, write to
Ivan Stang, P.O. Box 1403
06 Dallas, Texas 75214
Thank you.
The path is the mask of love.
A way, a way.
The flow is the task above today.
There is no other way.
You gotta trust us.
When you need a friend to find us.
You got to look within.
You gotta trust us.
You gotta trust us.
Before you turn to dust.
Before you turn to dust.
You gotta see us before you see us.
You gotta be us before you see us.
You gottaB
who's got a

I'm a judge without pain
Such is his will and I hate his aim
Such is his will and I hate his aim
Well, for you, for you, with you, more of you
I'm just a fool
I'm just a fool
I'm just a fool
I'm just a fool
I'm just a fool
I'm just a fool
I'm just a fool
I'm just a fool
I'm just a fool
I'm just a fool
incredible book.
Revelation X, the Bob Apocryphon,
had to make the last few little cuts.
It's like cutting the word of God
out of a Bible, you know?
But yet, we have to do it to make the book friendly,
you know, to the book-buying public.
It has to look friendly.
That's what the professionals tell me, anyway.
Maybe the word Bob don't want to look friendly.
That's what I would say.
Anyway, this particular Christian paperback,
which is probably available in any, you know,
open supermarket in the little special Christian rack,
here's some quotes from it.
This is what's going to happen when we,
well, when the non-Christian forces,
the forces of the Antichrist, take over.
Imagine bands of teenagers attacking little old ladies,
beating them with nightsticks,
and slashing them with knives,
leading them off to prison.
Imagine groups of school children
attacking non-initiated children,
beating and slaughtering them.
Tying them up until the police arrive
to arrest the Christian children.
Imagine gangs of little old initiated ladies
attacking non-initiated children
and dragging them off to prisons.
And when satanic handcuffs or rope goes on,
it never comes off until you're dead.
Imagine children turning in their parents
and parents dragging their tainted children to prisons.
Imagine a group of people
of young teenage girls
attacking non-initiated men
with baseball bats,
knocking them senseless
and carrying them to prisons.
And motorcycle gangs,
such as the pagans and the warlocks
and hell's angels,
all charging about on their bikes,
hunting down and capturing Christians.
Most Christians will offer little or no resistance
to these satanic youth attacks.
In fact, most Christians
do not even own guns.
In their sheer stupidity,
they believe that owning a gun is a lack of faith.
And yes, some Christians will resist with weapons.
And this is a reference to David Koresh, friend.
And this is no problem for the future youth force.
They just get on their communicators
and call the police.
And a heavily armed super-trained SWAT team
will be called in.
They will easily drive the Christians out with tear gas,
stun grenades, and even guns.
And their M16s and shotguns.
Hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo.
If the Christians do not come out from the tear gas,
they will come in after them.
Ten-gauge shotguns and explosively charged battering rams
can knock down any door.
Plastic explosives can smash giant holes in any walls.
But what happens when a few Christians are heavily armed
with, and this is the Koresh part,
bulletproof vests, tear gas masks,
automatic weapons, and high-powered rifles?
No problem.
You just use the Philadelphia Plan.
Invented by Mayor Wilson Goode,
you drop an incendiary bomb by helicopter
and blow the house apart in flames.
And if the Christians don't run out,
they burn to death.
And if they do run out shooting,
they will be blown away by police snipers.
If they run out aflame,
they will either be allowed to burn to death
or splashed with fire extinguishers
and led off to prisons,
tossed into the death chambers.
No doubt they will be stripped naked
and kept in handcuffs so they cannot resist
what is to come later on.
They will probably be fed nothing
nor given any fresh water.
And they will have to lay in their own feces and urine.
Possibly stale bread will be thrown onto the floor
and possibly water will be sprayed in with hoses
so that they are forced to lap it up as dogs
amidst the urine, waste and blood
from injuries and mewnstration.
As it says here.
But who will be the future prison guards?
Why, the most sadistic, sick and savage ex-prisoners
become the new prison guards, of course.
The subgeniuses, the most brutal rapists,
murderers and perverts will be assigned
to take care of the Christians.
No doubt Christians will be selected
for daily beatings and tortures.
Select girls, boys,
and women will be chosen for sexual rapes.
In front of all, pregnant women will no doubt
be booted several times in the stomachs
to prevent the birth of another Christian.
This is all, once again, my friends,
from a Christian book called The Answer.
Two raptures, available at any good American supermarket.
And...
Let's see.
Oh, the Christians will be led to their deaths
in giant sports stadiums and complexes of the world,
such as the Los Angeles Coliseum,
the Houston Astronome,
all naked and handcuffed, beaten and abused.
And before the Luciferic juries and the field stadiums,
Christians will be given their last chance
to worship Satan as God,
or be put to death.
And the method of death will be decapitation,
beheading, we are told, in the Bible.
In Revelation chapter 20, why beheading?
Because it is the bloodiest and most terrifying
and most systematic death, death ever to face.
When the cartoroid arteries in your neck are severed,
the blood literally spurts out everywhere.
And sometimes your head is alive
for up to 10 to 15 seconds,
looking about at a stadium,
a Satanic stadium, cheering madly,
and then you are gone.
This terrifying form of death
is purposely designed to terrify the Christian.
And no doubt, as they are led to slaughter
in these giant sports stadiums and complexes,
the rock bands will be blaring away some Satanic tune.
Possibly the old Rolling Stones classic,
Sympathy for the Devil,
Led Zeppelin's Whole Lotta Love,
the ELP classic, Jerusalem,
Atlantis by Donovan,
or possibly even Pat Benatar's We Are Invincible.
Maybe they will even slice or chop the heads
off of Christians in synchronicity
to the beat of the rock bands.
Oh dear friends,
it's a scary, scary world a-comin',
according to these fine, fine preachers,
and according to this fine background music
by Saint Tommy Lopez.
Oh, what have we here?
What other things have we?
There's not all that many tapes,
but there is...
Oh, I should mention that
grinning evil death rant
that I was doing earlier
about the evil of killer Bob Dobbs and so forth.
Dr. Legume actually created that
from an AIDS pamphlet that he found.
Most of the stuff we do is based on real
non-Dobbs-ful things.
And here's Dr. Legume's letter
that came with that rant.
Here's my latest still-warm-from-the-devil's-hip-pocket pamphlet.
I'm gonna pass out a buttload of them
to foolish toady Christians this Saturday
at the Peter Popoff Miracle Crusade.
You'll notice I included the sacred P.O. box,
so the stink trail will lead back to you.
Joy, joy.
Says...
Evil...
Dr. Legume.
And, well, I don't know what,
we've got lots of lovely, sarcastic music here to play
and letters from the followers
and some news about the pilgrimage,
the subgenius universal pilgrimage
coming up, uh, yes.
Ahem.
And, uh...
What do you say to this?
Oh, my friend,
how far have you progressed from the Stone Age?
How far have we advanced from the ooze and the slime?
Are the present doctors really miracle men of medicine?
What have they cured?
What have they controlled?
In the next few minutes,
you will be shown a special example.
My friend, this is not the 10th century,
but the 20th century.
I firmly suggest that if you are squeamish,
please keep your eyes closed.
Or better yet, leave the room.
I do not advise that children hear this.
But for you of the strong stomach and the open of mind,
I predict that there is one enemy we have not conquered
and in our lifetime we never will conquer,
and that is leprosy.
Leprosy, yes, leprosy.
The curse of the ancients,
the blemish of the present,
and the scar on the face of the world.
The festering face of the future.
Leprosy inhabits the bodies of the damned.
Leprosy is highly contagious.
The Chinese know that even a look from a leper
can bring you down with this dreaded disease.
Leprosy is called the walking death.
Leprosy, the indwelling devil.
Leprosy, the result of yesterday's sin, tomorrow.
Oh, my friend,
we talk about this just for you
to show you the karma
of the 20th century.
These pour on the face,
this spreads to the face,
leaving it puckered and thickened.
The eyesight dims and is soon gone.
The voice goes to a heavy whisper
and then stops.
The nerve vanishes.
The bones of the fingers rot, decay.
Also the toes then drop away.
And then you stumble into the pits of death.
Close the quote.
So says the good doctor Joseph Neely Hopkins.
Now...
Oh, thank you, doctor.
He's ready to lick my wallet.
What we need is someone to take this church off our hands
is what we need.
Okay, what's your church and what's your name?
First Church of the Good Discount, House of Faith.
Hey, that's my church.
That's your church?
Hello?
This is a true story.
You're giving the church away?
No, we're actually...
You're man enough to take it.
Oh, well, what if you give it away?
What are you people gonna do?
Well, we're gonna do something fun.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, we're gonna quit working for God.
We're gonna go to Green Hill and get glanscating.
That's right.
It's part of the plan.
They'll come up, and there will be the sickening and the healing.
What happened to all the doctors?
What happened to the exploding golf ball?
And what happened to the patient that caught fire on the table?
This is Reverend Terence Austin Stritch.
Well, listen, the phones are ringing off the wall,
and we'd like to help you out, but honestly,
we're just gonna have to turn your tape off because...
President Nixon is on the phone.
Line 3, Dr. Puzzling Evidence, and please pick up line 3.
Okay.
Well, thank you.
Hello, this is Dan Weisberg.
Can I come to your convention and get my head launched?
Uh, yes.
Oh, it's just a funny show.
Yes, it's a funny show.
Hello, tiny little caller.
Hello.
Wow, I don't believe it.
This is actually a live show.
No, it's just a tape show.
It's not.
It's all taped.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
The tape's set at the wrong speed.
Speak up.


You're kind of crazy.
What do you mean you called in without finding out what you were calling?
Oh, I knew it was the Church of the Subgenius because I'm a member, but, uh...
You were a member?
You were a member.

Yeah, what do you remember?
Oh, you've changed the name.
Oh, right.
Okay, go ahead.
Yes, well, it's a new church, and it's a whole new story, and...
You're not the white-haired guy that's on all the time.
And before that, it gets weird, because then there comes the age of giant underwater scorpions.




And wiggly, oogly things wiggling through the primeval muck.
Boy, we pass them on with the show.
Because we don't get up on that chart without enough of them.
In fact, any subgenius can chew up any denomination money and pass what he wants onto the show.
And they often do.
Yes, they do.
In places you've never imagined.
And with things that you can't believe.
Well, we know where we usually pass things from, don't we?
Yes, we do.
Sign here.
Yes, from Bob and two others.
I want to go explain something.
I tuned in my radio a few minutes ago.
And sign here.
And I tuned in to KPSA, and there you go.
Sign here, please.
We're signing papers.
Okay, here I go.
And...
What's the sign?
Do you want the church?
Okay, that's right.
We have to sign things.
We've got somebody to sign.
I want to say, we've got somebody here that takes at least two groups of people.
I'll be all right.
I exist because the world's in my...
In my telephone, yes.
Well, actually, the church only exists because we have the paperwork on it right here.
Do you want the church, sir?
Sign here, please.
Thank you.
My mouth works, therefore I am.
Well, I think I'm going to go out and stoke up the old wood fire.
I'll be back in just a few minutes with some...
I'll be back in just a few minutes with some tips on your future's on guardianship.
...puttin' on some bogus live stuff and go out on the roof, boy.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying, huh?
Kilns fired in edible 24-calorie silver.
Never before in human history...
Mm-mm, wish I was there now.
Never, never before in human history has the Pope, McKinley, Harding, Coolidge, Dobbs,
Mint, not a U.S. government body, commissioned such a rarity.
Delicious and crackling with a cooked skin of prepared edible material.
I think about it.
I think about it.
I think I'll have one right now.
Oh, I'll bet you.



I'll bet you have.
...and they grow into the same kind of animal as I do.
He says he knows you, Doctor.
Well, let's tune in on the monitor over here and see exactly who that is that's calling.
Can you see me?
Yes, yes, we see you and it's disgusting.
And I'm bringing the mirror close to my nose.
Oh, it's that Doctor.
Do you know who you're listening to?
Yes.
Which is the new voice?
People like your mother and father...
The new voice is the last voice that I heard.
...have human babies.
That does make sense.
There's the new voice again.
Must be one of those sub-dini hierarchical figures.
Mother and father, I'm going to call you.


He knows all the passwords and the secret jokes, so let's send him a new cartoon by
Stang and...
Which one?
Which one?
It's either...
I think it's...
I'm going to take a wild guess.
It's Pope Meyer.
That's pretty wild.
That's pretty wild.
It is wild.
South, south.
Go south.
Go south, go south.
It's Terry Thornley.
No, not...
Yes, yes.
Farther south.
Farther south.
Farther south.
Farther south and out of the country.
Oh, it's Robert Desco?
Yes.
For the info.
You know, the same old people.
Go to the London Globe.
London Grill.
We'll be doing our show from there from now.
You will?
Yeah, we're going to have to do it from there.
Yeah, on Friday night.
You know it's going to be from there?
Yeah, it's going to be from the London Grill in Santa Cruz on Friday night.
It's going to be a remote.
And you'll really like it.
This is my show.
If I go all the way down there and you guys aren't there, I'll laugh just as much as
you did.
I guarantee you find the London Grill in Santa Cruz.
We will be broadcasting from there on Friday night.
Then don't you do anything but bow your head and kiss your fanny that you even know about
it.
You've got the little white stuff you put on your nose so it doesn't chip here.
Are you people pro-capital punishment?
That's the white stuff you put in your nose.
I want the white stuff you put on your nose.
We are capital punishment, dear friends.
And yeah, there was a nice little classic old stretch of very old show, the old KPFA
show from the subgeniuses of Berkeley.
And that was a passion.
And it was packed when it was.
G. Gordon Gordon and Glass Madness guesting with the great Gary Gbrok friend, Puzzling
Evidence, and Dr. Howell.
That show's been howling away for many a year now.
It's gone through a lot of changes and there's infinite amounts of old, old tape of old,
old, old men we can always whip out on you.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
There you go.
Hey.
Hey.






Hey.
So you come out and you draw and you say, bam, bam.
Stop.
And a guy doesn't stop, then you move up to the head and you put one right there and
that's usually fine.
Get that spear away from me.
Get it away.
It exploded, it hit people that had not been hit in months.
Some began to dance in the spirit.
Others threw up their hands in exclamations of praise.
others began to dance up and down the aisles
others fell like they'd been hit by a proverbial chainsaw
and others tuned into the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack
and uh
what's going on now
well oh i found some cool songs
now this now last week we were doing our opinionated thang
uh really really hating uh hating the uh conservative fundamentalist type people
and of course you know jr bob dobbs in our with our doctrine of patrio psychotic anarcho-materialism
we insist on equal hate uh for pretty much uh both sides
yes and so in the the interest of equal time we're going to let the uh disgusting liberals be trashed
as well as the

well this particular cut is off of a new one we found right here at the station
by our good friend uh reverend mojo nixon and his good friend reverend jello biafra
uh with this song which is let's hope we have it queued up just right here called
love me i'm a liberal
i cried when they shot john lennon
tears ran down my spine
and i cried when i saw jfk
as though i'd lost a father of mine
but falcon x and ice g had it coming
they got what they asked for this time
so love me i'm a liberal
love me love me i'm a liberal
i go to pro-choice rallies
recycle my cans and jars
i won't give you love for dead
hope those funny crunched ass become stars
but don't talk about revolution
that's going a little bit too far
so love me love me love me
i'm a liberal
i'm a liberal
i'm a liberal
i cheered when clinton was frozen
my faith in the system reborn
i'll do anything to save our schools
if my taxes ain't too much more
and i love blacks and gays and black girls
Latinos
As long as they go
They'll score
So love me, love me, love me
I'm a liberal
Rush Limbaugh and the LAPD
Should all hang their heads in shame
I can't understand where we're at
Arsenio should set them straight
But if Neighborhood Watch doesn't know you
I hope the cops take down your name
So love me, love me, love me
I'm a liberal
You know, I'm the whitest person that ever did the funky chicken
Yeah, I read the New Republic
Rolling Stone and Mother Jones too
If I vote it's a Democrat
With a sensible economy view
But when it comes to terrorist terror
There's no one more red, white, and blue
So love me, love me, love me
I'm a liberal
Rush Limbaugh and the LAPD
Should all hang their heads in shame
I can't understand where we're at

I can't understand where we're at
I'm a liberal
Rush Limbaugh and the LAPD
Should all hang their heads in shame
I'm a liberal
You know, I'm the whitest person that ever did the funky chicken
Love me, love me, love me
Love me, love me, love me
I'm a liberal
Liberal
I'm a liberal
Liberal
Liberal
I am politically correct
Hypocritical, you bet
I am political

I am pro-gay
But I wouldn't want my own kids to turn out that way
I am pro-abortion
And for gun control
I'm for balancing the budget
And for financing overseas wars
I am pro-small business
And for capital punishment
And I think we're more controlled
By the federal government
Now I'm for plenty of changes
Even though I don't know what they are
I'm for helping out Detroit
But I drive a foreign car
I do believe in God
But I promote humanism
I don't believe in war
But I'm for wiping out communism
I'm for helping out the people
Now I believe everything
That I hear on the news
And I can't figure out
Why the Arabs hate the Jews
I'm an American
American hypocrite
Hey I'm really proud of that
It don't bother me a bit
I can't believe the US government
Would ever lie to me
I'm an American hypocrite
Can't you see?
An American hypocrite
Can't you see?
Now my TV sets on day and night
I'm an American hypocrite

Turning the shows on violent crime.
And I can't understand why my kids got a gun.
And I'm drugs most of the time.
I'm an American.
An American hypocrite.
And I'm really proud of that.
It don't bother me.
Not one bit.
Because I'm an American.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
John Bartles, the amazing John Bartles there.
And before that, Jello Biafra and Mojo Nixon.
And I should give some addresses now, I think, friends.
I need you to get your pencils ready.
One of them is a correction from a couple of weeks ago.
We've been playing a lot of material by Rudy Schwartz Project,
also known as JelloBartles.
Joe Newman.
And I gave his address over the air a couple of shows back,
and apparently I did it wrong.
I left a number out of his street address.
So any of you who wrote for information on Joe Newman's tapes,
here is the correct address for Rudy Schwartz Project and Joe Newman.
That's Joe Newman.
And at the post office box 4542.
Box 4542 in Austin, Texas.
78765.
And while we're at it, I guess we ought to be giving our own post office box number.
Yes, the post office box number of the Church of the Subgenius.
That church.
One of whose radio shows you are listening to right now for better or for worse.
So get that pencil ready and be ready to just send for free information from Bob.
That's right.
Bob.
Or Hour of Slack or Subgenius Foundation at, here it is,
the post office box 140306.
That's box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Oh, we'd love to hear from you and send you catalogs about all the tapes, books,
and death, horror, and fun, free pills, drugs, and evilness, music.
And let's listen to yet one other old Subgenius show.
Well, actually, this would be a new Subgenius.
Subgenius show coming up in just a couple of minutes.
Reverend Susie the Flusie's show, which is broadcast, originates, shall we say, at WREK in Atlanta, Georgia.
Stay tuned for Reverend Susie the Flusie, who's unfortunately had to get, well, you'll hear the sad, sad tale.
It's that time of year once again.
Family and friends gather around the Easter tree to celebrate the lovingest day of all.
If you're still looking for the perfect gift this Easter, look no further than Baskets and Things in the Kenwood Plaza.
Jolly old St. Cottontail wouldn't find any better gifts himself than at Baskets and Things.
This year, instead of that traditional eggs or bonnets, give a gift of houseplants that'll still be around.
From many Aprils to come.
Baskets and Things also has dried floral arrangements that can last forever.
A gift that keeps on giving is wicker furniture or wicker baskets or even a gumball machine.
Remember that the most unique gift ideas for all year are at Baskets and Things.
They're in the Kenwood Plaza just behind Hershedy's.
Give a gift of love from Baskets and Things at the Kenwood Plaza and at Northgate.
Baskets and Things wishes everybody a merry Easter and a happy Memorial Day.
The preceding commercial was seasonally updated for broadcast at this time.
We're still working on.
What to do with the 4th of July.
Oh, welcome.
Let's see if we can get some sound up here.
I'm going to be real slack tonight because it's a frazzled night for the flus listeners.
It's good Saturday and welcome to Bob's Slack Time Fun House number 13.
Lucky 13.
I'm your slack sister and polymorphously perverse prayer partner, Reverend Susie the Fluesy.
But I feel the need to make confession unto you, dear friends.
I am stinky with sin.
Oh, purge me.
Oh, pop this red, aching boil of guilt and regret that feels like it's got its roots in my brain.
Oh, I, the Reverend Flues, went out last week and got a job.
Oh, here I am in the belly of the beast and those digestive fluids are serving to eat away all that tarnish and crud.
It's been building up on my survival skills.
I had become a little complacent.
The sad fact is I needed the money.
The big problem was in the past few years I've been used to having free will.
Oh, that's a concept.
They don't take much trucking in the corporate life.
Any kind of will.
Oh, sapped will.
Oh, they love that.
Oh, but free will?
Or even will-a-dive?
Jobs, who did an excellent show tonight.
Oh, they couldn't take that.
So, dear friends, by the virtue of my ministry and the auspices of here at WREK Atlanta, I need to make confession.
Oh, yeah, I got a job.
Oh, yeah.
And even though it's not exactly a...
...belch-level position, I just feel so filthy.
Oh, I'm just passing in normal everyday life, so you can imagine the amount of passing I've got to do to fit into a neo-corporate anti-existence.
Oh, there's one way to do it, and it's like treating the whole thing as if I'm on a mission.
A mission to bring you the slack that you so desperately need.
And if that involves getting down on my knees in the muddy...
Stinky!
...and getting trenches to find out what the lack of slack is like, so be it!
This is war!
I'm wallowing in the tar pits alongside my Yeti sisters and brothers.
I'm suffering, sweating, bleeding in the workplace with you.
But here's a little worker's compensation coming your way right now.
I want you to feel that slack flowing out of the speakers and into your cerebral cortex...
...massaging you with heat.
Healing stinging waves of bob-given slack.
It's coating you like Bactine with aloe vera gel.
Dear friend, if you're so genius, you know what it is to be a spy.
You know what it is to have your life in the line every time you say the wrong thing or do the wrong thing and get found out that you're not one of them.
Ah.
So come on.
Let's slide into our trench coats, pull our slouch hats down low over our ray-bands, and slip into spy versus spy mode.
Let's go to it.
And if you're caught or captured, this secretary will disavow any knowledge of your actions.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
so glad you can all be here
And when life gets old
so hard
you make it worthwhile
Screaming, shouting, whistling
and a wild hit
and bang style
This is dedicated to
our fans across the world
You're the best, most loyalist
and that's for sure
When life gets old
so frustrating
you make it all worthwhile
Gonna have some fun tonight
It's great to be alive
It's gonna be okay
It's gonna be alright
It's gonna be happy
You're the only one
to understand
It's gonna be okay
It's gonna be alright
It's gonna be okay

It's gonna be okay
You're the only one to understand
You're the only one to understand
You got the feelings
about this year
about this year
All is very well
CJ is here
CJ is here
92 smells more fun
92 smells more fun
Let's get it to you
It's the year of the monkey
Gonna be real funky
Gonna be real funky
Gonna be real funky
It's gonna be okay
It's gonna be all right
It's fun and при procedures
It's gonna be all right
C'mon come on
Let's go
Take it easy
It's gonna be okay
It's gonna be all right
It's gonna be all right
You're the only one to understand
C'mon come on
Are you?
It's going to be all right
It's going to be all right
It's going to be all right
It's going to be okay
It's going to be all right
It's gonna be alright, it's gonna be alright
You're the only ones who understand
It's gonna be okay, it's gonna be alright
It's gonna be and you're the only ones who understand
Who understand
It's gonna be alright
It's gonna be alright
It's gonna be alright
It's gonna be alright
I asked you a pro capital punishment or amateur capital punishment.
Amateur capital punishment or kill me.
Do you think capitals ought to be punished, Dr. Gabrog for him?
Not much, but I guess it's a...
Well, you can always get your parents to call in.
Miniature puterine reproductions authenticated by the world court at The Hague
and sent to you in moisture-resistant styrofoam chests
of the front door letter slots of the subgenius 36 most beloved characters.
Don't blow into the microphone, young man,
if you wish to receive a beautiful Hummel figurine
which revolves on its ceramic base and plays the immortal Lara theme from Dr. Zhivago.
Yes, a special blue rivet advisory panel will ensure that the Foundation's Council
certificated and inscribed insignia is approved by Dobbs,
the master of heralds.
Before the...
Before the application deadline.
No way.
...to the potential guests on this show...
Well, we are the potential guests, so wait a minute.
What we've got to do is concentrate on those potential guests,
and you can stay with us for right now.
Now, Doctor, I think we should return to the basic finances of the church
and just who owns the church and what we can do with what's left of the church.
Right.
Well, Ivan Stang no longer owns the church.
Bob still has the foundation, but we've got papers on that.
All right.
Hold on here.
Hold on.
Wait a minute.
What we also can talk about, of course, is what we can do with the church
now that what's left is still here and breathing.
Well, we can give it away.
We can give it away, or we can just let someone take the church for a spin.
See, what I think is people don't realize that the church takes two rooms to keep and grow in your house.
At least two.
And the maintenance involved takes up most of the week anyway.
And it does not run on unleaded.
I'm sorry.
So...
...made a big noise about going to the church.
I'm calling in to say you want the church.
If you don't have at least two good-sized rooms in your house...
Yes, at least two good-sized rooms and a lot of money.
And a lot of...
And neighbors that don't mind Wotan showing up in the middle of the night.
Right, and you need stamps and gummage.
Get the idea?
Or kill!
Kill me!
Or kill me!
Now!
And the guy, it got to the point where the guy he was bothering pulled out a .32 and let him have it.
And at which point, the bullet hit him square in the chest and went through his lung and came out his back.
But instead of falling on the ground, he walked back in the bar and ordered a drink.
Get the idea?
Or kill me!
Now!
Now!
Now!
Let's have a body count!
Let's have a body count!
None dead!
It's a miracle, friends!
It's a miracle!
Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Stamps and gummage.
Yes, lots of stamps and gummage.
I forgot about that.
Would you sign here, please?
Okay, sign here.
I don't have any stamps and gummage.
Wait a minute.
I'm going to do there.
Thank you very much.
The world is over now.
You can return to your bed.
Wow!
We're trying.
Well...
We're not trying hard enough.
Well, it's certainly very trying from where I...
Send us more money.
How much would you like?
Uh, 50,000, would you say that would do it?
Uh, checks in the mail.
All right, thank you.
You're welcome.
Thank you.
You can expect your...
Next caller, please.
Let's go.
We'll put on the automatic Bob Nelson.
We'll put the automatic Bob Nelson on.
Yes, okay.
Where's my thesaurus?
Where's my thesaurus?
Ricky, Lucy.
Here, Bob, here's your hat.
Put this part on.
Here we go.
Now, get...
Drive this station down Shattuck Avenue.
