We have to warn you, what you're about to see is gross.
First, Jodi sucks fat puffy eyes with accents of black and blue.
Yeah.
Then the doctor whacks Jodi's mouth.
Ready?
Jodi's fat eyes are injected into her mouth.
Jodi's going to feel like whacking off.
It feels weird.
Making sure they're in the right positions, helping them to go to the bathroom.
And naturally, being served fat dog eyes fresh off the operating table with a shovel is gross.
Calling all cars.
Report to your stations for further instructions.
That is all.
I wonder if they found my little boy.
No, we didn't, lady.
Her little leapsion.
He's so genius.
He's so smart.
He's so smart.
He's so smart.
He's so smart.
He's so genius.
He's so smart.
He's so smart.
As you can see on the large screen behind me,
we're keeping track of things on one of our many manned space stations now in orbit.
While the small screens below show other activities being monitored by mission control.
I'll have them repeated on the upper screens for you also.
SSL, this is instrumentation.
Roger.
SVO, start port recorders and TV video tape recordings.
Welcome.
Now, new!
For limited time only in the western territories, get a free Mole Man wiener whistle with any purchase of a Moley Man brand mole meal,
or squirming Bounty brand mole man trap.
Offer not valid in Retribution Zone.
Hello, Bob, this is Father Guido Saraducci, formerly Pope Maurice of the People's Catholic Church,
and all of my fellow Popes from the People's Catholic Church.
Salute to the Church of the Sabbath Genius. Carry on.
Are we being controlled by secret forces?
Are alien space monsters bringing a startling new world?
Do people think you are strange?
Do you?
There is an answer.
Now, at last, the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it.
The only faith that promises action, thrill, success in sex and business.
Mob is a way of life to millions, yet half of them don't even know it.
He's the one true living Slack master with the spiritual know-how to help you bash through the locked doorway to financial heaven.
He is the one real shortcut to Slack.
Shots!
Now, see another dimension on your TV.
Yes, fear the stark fist of removal no longer.
Become physically attractive overnight.
Attain status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
Bob's promise is to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior, to explore new ways of going over the edge.
And coming right back.
Plus, to bring back those who couldn't make it on their own.
To help you create the highest possible earnings from the psychodynamics of abnormality.
To turn conspiracy implanted personality disorders around.
And channel them into an illusion of creativity that will fool normals and get you sex.
Welcome potential initiates.
And remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
I don't want a girl, no judge.
Get along there now, don't you?
Give me none of your lip.
I never seen anybody's lady in shift in my whole life.
Don't grab me, woman.
Now, I'm going to tell you again, can't go to church.
Let church be there next week.
I ain't no heartache.
I've got you.
You've got you.
Take your hand off me.
I'm no right dog.
I'm going to get the hand off you.
I'm going to put on the shoes.
I'm going to walk all over God's heaven.
Heaven.
Heaven.

Everybody's talking about a heaven man going to heaven.
Heaven.
Heaven.
I'm going to shop all over God's heaven.
Bobby is filling the blank.
The Bob that can be described as not the true Bob.
He's a trickster.
Obviously, look at his face, and you could just see, you know, what's behind that smile?
What's in the pipe that he's smoking?
And what is it?
What is this game that Bob Dobbs represents?
Let me tell you the story of J.R. Bob Dobbs
Bread of men and yet he walked with the gods
He wore a silly grin and he smoked a stupid pipe
He fought the conspiracy every day of his life
He whipped the stench of many a man
Fothered many children with his mighty glance
He founded the religion in which we all believe
Brought us all the slack that everybody needs
Born to humble parents somewhere in the Midwest
The child Bob experienced a traumatic
trauma
A close encounter with a UFO at the age of three
Soon thereafter he began to exhibit strange powers of persuasion
By age six he had made his first million
Almost by accident
In college he met and married his first and still his primary wife
Connie
Who is now revered by female subgenie E
As the blessed anti-virgin
With Connie's encouragement
The young Dobbs was able to get a job at the university
And became a salesman of legendary
Almost frightening abilities
Known to his peers as the man who could sell anything
He worked his way up to the very top of the conspiracy ladder
And might have stayed there
But late one night in 1953
While working on an amateur television of his own design
An event occurred which was to become a milestone
On man's mind path to slack
He was suddenly seized up in the spirit of the world


By the hand of Jehovah One itself
The cosmic puppeteer of the Old Testament
The wrathful alien space god
From some corporate sin galaxy
In this timeless moment
Which we call the divine immaculation of the Bob
Dobbs received the first of countless brain curdling pronouncements
Which form the sacred pre-scriptures of the church
He was shown a vision
A world where all human beings are free from the world of the world
Where all humanity was equally wealthy
Rich beyond imagining
But without working
This experience combined with his UFO given sales magic
Led him inevitably into the religion field
He quickly discovered the golden rule
Embodied in his classic saying
They'll pay to know what they really think
The true subgenius can learn to think for himself
But only Bob can show him how
And so Bob Dobbs founded his church upon a sandy beach of common sense
Sense of humor and dollars and cents
A likely story you say
But it's simple really
Bob is lucky, not smart
In fact by the perverted conspiracy standards of intelligence
He is gifted with incredible stupidity
He lives in a perpetual state of contracted consciousness
This enables him to act without thinking
To surf effortlessly on the luck plane
To float down the fabled path of least resistance
In fact to make a million dollars every time he screws up
Thus it is not his wisdom but his divine follies
His holy blunders which we emulate
The miracle is not in what Bob does to you
But in what he allows you to do to yourself
He brings the student to the realization that
Everything you know is true
Under the conspiracy you're being ripped off every day
But you can learn to enjoy it
Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob
Big man Bob
Big man Bob
Big man Bob
Big man Bob
One, one dollar
Big man Bob
Big man Bob
He called his seminars instant instructions
For those who follow no master
He journeyed to Tibet
And under ancient holy men
He perfected the arts of glandscaping and acupeteing
He also began modeling for hundreds of magazine ads
Leaving early clues of his presence
These old ads are the only known photos of Dobbs
For he otherwise remains a total dumbass
elusive, shunning both the spotlight and the authorities.
In 1979, he recruited two randomly selected nobodies, Dr. Philo Drummond and Ivan Stang,
to begin a public outreach arm and begin spreading his seed word of slack.
Basically, the church is so omnipervasive and so full that we could not possibly get
into the dogma in any less than three or four hours.
This will outline everything, clear and concise detail, easy to read, keep it near you, and
we promise that any answers that you need will be found in this handy little pamphlet
right here.
One dollar for salvation.
One dollar.
Now you've turned your record over and you're all ready for some more Sing Time sing-along
songs.
I'll be a cowboy, a Christian cowboy.
I'll look for Jesus all my days.
And on the prairie or in the city, I'll help him round up all the strays.
Aunt Bertha presented that song, friends, the original real life Aunt Bertha.
Cowboy for Jesus.
Little Timmy Tiny Talk did that.
Thanks to...
The Letter K, who brought that to us, friends.
Before that, we heard the soundtrack of Arise, the subgenius video, which is now on DVD.
That's Dr. Howell narrating and music by the Reverend D.K. Jones.
We also heard, I think, a clip of Father Guido Sarducci, some Weird Jackal commercials from
Lymph Node Institute, and titles and chop-ups there by Fernanda Nene Limer.
This is Hour of Slack number 935, a Bob and Jesus special.
We heard from that cute little cowboy for Jesus, and now let's join Dr. Sinister's
synesthesia on WCSB Cleveland and hear from another cute little cowboy.
You're on the air.
Hi.
Hello, Tim Cowboy Dave.
How you doing, Rob?
What are you doing?
The prophecy holds true.
What prophecy is that?
I said not...
It's on tape.
I said the next caller will be Lone Cow Dave.
Well, why do they think...
Why do you think they call world leaders like you and Dr. Sinister and everybody like that
just a bunch of baboons in long pants?
Because the prophet is heaped with abuse in his own hometown or whatever.
Much like the baby Christ was when he was in nursery school.
The baby Christ was molested.
If we were Jesus...
I bet we'd do it again.
If we were Jesus...
We would.
When Jesus came back as an alien, they stoned him.
When he came back as a hippie, they tortured him.
Did you watch the Discovery Channel the other night?
And get a haircut?
Nope.
Well, the problem with getting a haircut...
Did you hear that gibberish in the background?
It sounds like the digital is breaking up.
Sounds like the silly guy needs to...
Hello, hello.
Yeah, did you guys watch the Discovery Channel the other night who wrote the Bible?
Who did write the Bible?
The aliens did.
Everybody knows that.
Didn't God sign that?
I mean, that's got...
The original copy has...
It's God's signature on it.
Well, I went to the original signing.
That can't be faked.
Well, you know, as Mehmet Kurdar said,
God is the only one who is lucky and can kill whatever he wants.
Anytime.
But as I said, Bob is the only one who is luckier and can sell whatever he wants.
Whenever he wants to kill.
Yeah.
Well, he doesn't necessarily kill the people he sells to.
He just gives them a chance.
Oh, speaking of killing, back to that Jesus movie, The Passion of the Christ.
Well, what if Jesus is in a similar position?
Instead of taking those stations to the cross in his whoppings, what if he would have given
his $30?
And what if he would have been wearing a chocolate watch?
Well, as Paul Mavridis put it, the Romans didn't kill Jesus.
The Jews didn't kill Jesus.
The Hungarians did it.
The police killed Jesus.
Yes, it was the police.
It was the actual centurion guard guys there.
The ones that patrol traffic and club people to death for speeding with their donkey wagons.
Yes.
And it's been...
It wasn't the Jews or the Romans.
It was the cops.
It's always the cops that end up...
That execute.
Yes, but who gives the cops the order?
Who calls in the...
You know, who phones in the advice that says the envelope's going to be in the mail next...
The conspiracy.
Oh.
It's just the...
Everybody you hate.
Everybody...
Everybody...

Everybody who's against you.
They're all in on it?
I can hear your ears freezing against the window.
Stop breathing so heavily.
The guards will notice.
Yeah, they already know.
This is a star leg or a goo leg.
You know, I never...
What do you guys study in school?
I thought it was where Galapagos...
What do we guys study in school?
Yeah.
Not all of us are in school.
I've been out of school for 10 years.
Yeah?
What did you study in school?
Uh, history.
I went to John Carroll for 10 years.
10 years?
I got my master's and then my bachelor's.
Well, that sounds groovy.
My old man went there.
10 years of college and look where it got you.
I've got a...
I'm not Catholic.
I'm not Catholic.
I've got a PhD in hard knocks.
You're a papist?
Were you beaten by Jesuits?
Into a bloody pole.
A university of hard knocks was my alma mater.
I'm a...
I've got a...
I've got a doctorate and a PhD in that.
And he can perform surgery, too.
But he still doesn't know the Jesuit question to the Jesuit answer.
Who made the world, boy?
Was it your teeth or was it your goo-goo?
You know?
Could God create a Jesuit student, a wise-ass enough to ask a question that God himself couldn't answer?
Did God create himself?
I mean, ask him that next time.
That would be kind of masturbatory.
I thought...
God was above sin.
Well, he self-ejaculated himself.
Yeah, well, that makes a lot of sense.
God went back in time, according to the...
The Big Bang.
The subgenius of the...
The Great Whiz-Bang, yeah.
God went back in time and copulated with his own grandmother.
We're going to start a whole new conversation here.
Are you ready for this one?
You are God's grandmother, the Stella Maris itself.
Oh, yeah.
I'm my own grandpa.
I'm my own gratitude.
I'm my own gratitude.
I'm my own gratitude.
When God did that with his grandmother, he gave birth to the earth.
Dude, that could be said about every religion.
When you say that all religions are fairy tales.
Yeah, you could...
You could count...
Beanstalk was a fairy tale.
What?
No, not Jack of the Beanstalk.
No, but...
You didn't talk about the Bible.
You didn't talk about...
No, I...
You cannot stand there and blaspheme Jack.
But if you start talking about the Beanstalk being...
The Beanstalk.
Man.
You crossed the line.
This blasphemy.
This blasphemy.
This apostasy.
The Beanstalk is...
You dare to question the Holy Writ.
You know, I happen to be a...
I'm a Beanstalkian, and I get offended when someone...
Yeah, Michael Jack is...
Are you saying that I was stupid enough to trade my car in for a useless bean?
Next caller.
You're on the air.
There's no grounding.
There's no center point for the Beanstalk.
Oh, man.
Everything must spring upward.
What was that, man?
And there must be beans, and there must be giants, and there must be clouds.
You can't even believe what...
They need to be pushed into shape.
They need to be molded.
These children need to be...
These children need to be molded like Jesus' head.
Remember how they molded to Jesus' head?
And now they took each little frond of hair...
Speaking of Jesus' head...
So when they did the final...
Speaking of Jesus' head...
Has anybody seen that porno movie about...
Jesus that's going around that...
I mean, not to be disrespectful or anything, but...
Where they're slapping the Lord?
You know, there are some people who would want to go see a movie where they beat up Jesus
for different reasons than others might.
Some might want to identify with their Lord as he...
I just want to hear him go,
Ouch, ouch, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, and stuff like that.
Yeah, some people just want to see him get beat up.
It's the sound.
It's kind of like an audio thing for me.
I want to hear him go...
I'm sorry.
I'm not into that.
What?
Hearing him being put back...
I'm not into anybody getting beaten up, okay?
I'm not into anything.
I mean...
I'm not into anything either.
Well, you look like you're trying.
I'm like out of it, totally.
You are.
Okay?
But you look like you're trying extremely hard.
That is so nihilistic, man.
Well, nihilism.
This is where we're at now.
This is the lowering of the table and the connecting of the floor.
We're in the same place.
Everybody...
Nihilism rules the land now.
Well...
You're not going to find a lot of optimism.
You're not going to find a lot of...
Speaking...
There's a lot of creative exuberance going on.
No, man.
Nihilism rules.
No, nihilism rules.
I don't know.
I mean, within the nihilism part, there's a lot of sick, sick, sick depraved enthusiasm.
Well, it is a form of enthusiasm.
Enthusiasm for torture.
The elongation of the tongue, disconnection of the maxillary glands, mispronunciation
in vowels.
Making fun of Jesus, such as these...
Of course, the subgeniuses, when that movie came out, had to go...
To come up with their best one-line review of Mel Gibson's passion.
And among the wonderful one-line reviews we got was...
Jesus Christ Reanimator.
I Spit on Your Empty Grave.
Who's Afraid of Judas Iscariot.
The Longest Day.
The Great Escape.
Merry Christmas, Mr. Christ.
Rosemary's Messiah.
Last Tango in Bethlehem.
Well, this is one of my favorites.
The Fool on the Hill.
The Fool on the Hill.
Apocalypse Later.
And what else?
Oh, Mr. Sister had the best ones.
No Weddings and a Funeral.
This is, of course, Mel Gibson's The Passion.
One-line reviews.
The Unforgiven.
Mr. Iscariot's Holiday.
It's a bad, bad, bad, bad...
One of my favorites here.
Lost in Translation.
And The Ghost.
I like The Fool on the Hill because it reminds me of the old school joke where...
Oh, My Big Fat Roman Crucifixion.
Lord of the Nails.
The Silencing of the Lamb.
And The Ghost.
And Mrs. Magdalene.
Oh, that sounds like it required an awful lot of thought.
I absolutely do.
Someone is contemplating...
Is it a feature movie?
...on this subject in general.
I don't know if it's too much.
Go on and sing her.
About Jamuna and Jajuna.
About a swinger.
Go on and sing her.
About a sky of blue or a T-42.
Anything with a swing of two.
And I love you.
I love her too.
I love her too.
Sing.
Well, I was just going to ask Rob as a personal, you know, just right inside of this what you're talking about.
Mm-hmm.
If anybody was in Mentor over the last few days when they saw the Flying Feather thing...
The M-Town?
...with lights on it.
The M-Town?
You weren't supposed to see that.
I mean, what about the...
What feather?
Flying...
Flying across the lake and then it just...
It was like men around 6'15".
6'8", 7'3", 5'5".
If any of your callers were from Concord, if they saw this weird...
Whatever the hell it...
Stop traffic.
Hello?
Stop traffic?
Yeah, I mean, people were bumping into each other.
What was it now?
Did they call it a feather because of its feather-like movement?
Yeah, and it looked like one wing.
But it had lights on it and it was, you know, made of stuff.
Non-feathery stuff.
And it would swoop like a feather back and forth, sort of?
It kind of, yeah.
It kind of flibbled in the wind like a feather would do.
That's a very common...
That's a commonly seen...
Well, let's call it a UFO for this broadcast conversation.
So you're saying the capital of Mars is now Mentor, Ohio?
No, those are just...
Dave, if you had read your book...
Look at the subgenius, you would know that those are what we might call juvenile delinquents.
Oh, yeah.
The kids.
The late greys who might as well just be, you know, errant earth men as for all the difference.
Yeah, well, so...
They aren't from us.
They're really not that different from us primates.
Yeah.
I'm thinking of playing some Mentors later.
Calling them aliens at this point.
They've been around for so long and they're so obnoxious that it's...
You might as well just call them our fellow monkeys.
Because they're as helpless as we are.
Before the forces of nature.
Negi, yes, I dare say it.
And Bob.
And Jehovah One.
And the Exus.
And Gbrok Fran.
And the Yakutisma.
The Martians and the greys.
The Venusians.
The Aryan Brotherhood.
The Nazis.
The human conspiracy.
All of that pales in insignificance compared to Godzilla.
Jehovah.
Wotan.
Tetralingus.
And the others.
God.
Jesus.
Corpus Christi.
Well, not Jesus, maybe.
Rob, what do you think of this?
Do you...
What do you think of this?
What do you think of what he just said?
I mean...
The beanstalk itself pales in insignificance compared to the power of Nunu.
There's a key to its beanstalking.
Beanstalk.
Beanstalk.
That's it, man.
Where all the believers can gather.
These beans, man.
It's like...
The whole culture is based on...
Beans, you know?
It's like...
Magic beans.
If you look at a chair, that's really like a bean, dude.
And Lenny Reifenstahl and Eisenstein having a good old whack under the bridge by the...
What's the name of that nuclear power plant?
Perry or Davis Bessie.
They're gonna carry us up to this giant house in heaven, man.
Yeah, that's...
That's cinema, dude.
That's what my friend said that I did to him.
I sold the car for these magic beans.
The big giant forehead was a mat.
Man, my uncle painted it.
We're gonna be famous, dude.
People are gonna go for it.
This is gonna be the next big thing.
Beanstalks that are like five, ten miles high.
Well, why can't people look forward to good old-fashioned insignificance?
That's what I've always created in myself.
Why can't people say, like, tomorrow I'm gonna wake up and I'm gonna be a worse person than I was...
Right, leave a small footprint.
Huh?
As the old saying says, white men build big...
Big fire, sit far back.
Indian build small fire, sit up close.
No, you're gonna wanna live between the cracks, man.
You gotta...
You gotta leave a small footprint behind so they can't track you.
You have to have very low radar.
That's exactly what I say.
Under the fence.
That's what I say.
Put the door.
Crack in the butt.
All the way down the line, man.
You just gotta be secretive.
And we're all pieced together like broken glass, you know?
It's amazing what...
Whatever that guy...
You know...
What's his name?
The creator of...
Dobs.
No, no, the real creator.
Oh, uh, Tetragrammaton.
Tetralingus.
Five, the five...
The five-tongued vessel.
The one that sails early, you know what I'm saying?
I'm talking obliquely because, you know...
I get mixed up because there's so many of them.
There's the old personality hood of the goodness hood of Krishna, for instance.
Well, he loves goats and he has his gopis to confuse himself with.
Right.
His gopis and his, uh...
His, uh, conies.
His friendly cows.
Notwithstanding, his beauty outshines even Bob's.
His saffron beauties, his wonderful breath, his sweet flower-fragrant tears.
His beloved of all the gopis.
I've got some art...
I've got some art books about Krishna that would...
You know, they never really show anything, but they kind of...
You get kind of turned on after a while.
Have you seen, like, a three-shot of olive oil pie?

Popeye and Krishna?
Like, Krishna's got his, like, 50 arms around each one of them.
They're all smiling.
They look like they're at some kind of baptism party or something.
Okay, man, that's a good question for the audience.
How many people have been turned on by religious artwork?
How many people out there have seen a piece of artwork depicting a deity or a prophet, perhaps?
How many people have even...
How many people have even gone so far as to actually gratify themselves while beholding such an image?
Yeah.
Because I know girls who are turned on by...
Turned on by Jesus-type figures, you know?
And, you know, if some...
I know some guys who are so depraved that, you know, any statue of a naked body,
even if it's the, you know, statue of Venus or something, like, you know, they'll...
Man, they don't care.
That's me.
Well, let's ask the listeners out there if St. Anne, the men, if St. Anne gives them a banana.
Oh.
Or if...
Is that a St. Anne?
Is that a statue of the Virgin Mary in your pocket?
Yeah.
She's a Virgin Mary.
She's something...
It was never all that sexually attractive.
I was blind just a short while ago.
You know, to...
I don't think except to Catholics.
Chaplains?
Yeah.
Catholic church.
Papists.
Well, we'll have no potpourri here unless it's the kind that smells like me.
I don't even know.
Roman dictator.
I grew up originally in Baptist Fort Worth, and to us, Jews were some ancient race from a thousand years ago,
and Catholics...
I mean, Catholics were these weird cultists.
There were just a few of them in town.
Yeah, we have senior people, and many of them have large ears and very small foreheads.
Yes, but their kind are spreading, have you not noticed?
I have.
George Bush has declared his solidity in a fashion because he's kind of a vapid person,
but he's declared solidarity with the right in a way that actually would make most normal dogs vomit.
The walkery-eyed waterheads.
They themselves seem to be a successful genotype in this day and age.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Well, look who's here, so you come at last.
One look at my book will reveal your past.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Hmm, let's see now.
Shooting craps, stealing chickens, missing church, rain the dickens.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
That's bad.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
What if they're right?
And Jesus has held the door open for us to get true slack, and we're mockers.
We've laughed it off.
There is a hell, and we're destined for it.
What if?
Well, it's all the same, I would say.
No, not at all.
Well, I lay so far.
You're turning down eternal life and slackdomness for, what, just joy here during this brief span of your life?
The spasm.
The sad little 80, perhaps if you're lucky, 80 years of toil.
What's it all worth?
Sand in the hourglass dropping.
Are you just going to laugh it off while the Son of God looks down at you and weeps for your soul,
thinking, if only.
If only.
He could truly understand what Bob is telling you.
If he had half a brain, he'd know what we're going through.
If only.
If only.
If Jesus only had a heart, he'd come down here and he'd solve this mess.
No, no, that was the idea.
If he only had a brain, he'd think us out of it.
No, but see, Dave.
If he had big, big feet without those holes in them, he'd walk us around town and show us the better sights,
and we'd have a hell of a good time.
Dave, Jesus did those things, and you weren't paying attention.
I wasn't even born, Stan.
You were too busy.
I was not even born.
Just sticking to the Bible.



Corpus Moneyhock takes and denies them.
Screaming and making funny jokes.
He was playing in a band called the Clocks.
Come through in memory of me.
In remembrance.
He offered you these things, and Bob held out his hand, likewise.
He offered me some weird, what do I call them, blues and punch.
Now it's your time to die.
When the music ends, someone dies.
Oh, you got to give the devil his due.
Yeah.
You got to give the devil his due.
Oh, for a nurse, you always had your way.
Yeah.
Rank your gym and slept your life away.
Oh, yeah.
Now, since for that, you're going to have to pay, because you got to give the devil his due.
Yeah.
You got to give the devil his due.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.










You got to, you got to, you got to, you got to, you got to give the devil his due.
All right, boys.
Give him the works.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Oh, yeah.
Yeah, that's right.
Now, here's a better song other than the one we just listened to.
Whattype.
Whattype.
Do more Ratinar.

Thank you, everyone.

Heaven, heaven, heaven
Everybody talking about heaven ain't going there
Heaven, heaven, heaven
Gonna shout all over God's heaven
Heaven, fiction and truth run a very close parallel.
I'll be back in just a moment.
Welcome back.
We're with our not-so-secret society here, our audience.
And we're going to take a question.
What is your name?
My name is Deborah.
Okay, not too close to the mic there.
Is that your hat you're wearing there?
Oh, no, it isn't.
You're in a secret society?
No, I don't.
Did you do that?
No, but I will make a secret society in this world, if you let me try.
Okay.
But what I want to know is about the churches.
You say it's a secret society about churches?
Oh, the church of the subgenius is secretly famous.
Oh, it is.
Well, I like that.
I'm going to ask you to try this church I have out.
It's a very good secret, okay?
What's the name of your church?
It's called the Garden of Eden, okay?
Well, it sounds...
I've heard of that.
I've heard of that.
That was in that book.
It's already a movie.
Yeah.
J.R. Dobbs, Bob Dobbs, J.R. Bob Dobbs was on the number one list of frauds and phonies for Time Magazine.
And I didn't know who he was.
Exactly.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs is the creator of the church of the subgenius.
This guy, the Reverend Ivan Stang, is one of their...
Disciples.
Disciples.
Disciples.
Yeah.
All right.
You know, it's funny.
I don't think Jesus had a disciple named Dopey.
Poor Bob.
Oh, how are we to know that?
The fact is, friends, Jesus had many disciples named Dopey.
Yeah, actually, Jesus did have a disciple named Dopey.
Cheesy, deluxe.
He had seven dwarves as well as 12 disciples, didn't he, Reverend Ivory Stinks?
He had a number of other...
Cadarets.
Well, it was a vaudeville show they were trying to do.
They were preaching the word...
Wonder One picker on the way.
They were preaching the word of slack across the Midwest in a traveling wagon show that would stop at hotels, bars, and stuff.
These vaudeville, kind of risque vaudeville acts that were designed to get the rubes in.
Then they would start preaching to them.
You know, once they got them, they used the soft alabaster bouncing round things to get the...
The beanbag.
The townsfolk in, the men anyway.
Then they'd start preaching.
Connie would come out and start preaching about slack.
Bob would go around kind of picking the pockets, literally.
Alabaster poontang, right.
And spiritually of these businessmen.
Sucking their souls right out while they were talking.
And these souls can be seen lifting up to heaven.
In vivified liquid form.
In non-earth.
Viewer number three.
I've never seen any.
They're shimmering like lights.
I'm...
Gating and undulating of skyward.
And it looks like they're so...
Singing the praises of their...
Millions and millions of...
J.R. Bob Dogs.
Drama.
Brave Bob.
One day when I was home, I heard a mighty roar.
There were a thousand people.
Right outside the door.
Help us, Jesus, help us!
Came the cheering from the mob.
Then they got a look at me.
Oh, not just only Bob.
Jesus, Brother Bob.
Jesus, Brother Bob.
A nobody relative of the Son of God.
If only I'd been born just a little sooner.
I'd be more than the brother of God, Junior.
He died upon the cross.
I thought that I was free.
Finally, I was free.














Would God apart.
My soul would understand.
I hope people would have the strength to jump out of this pandemic to heal me.
I must go and get some help.
Go up to G encryption.
Or, I'll be are kind of your csak in another job.
Let's go


Yes sir.
Dear?

Jesus Brother Bob, a nobody relative of the Son of God.
If only I'd been born just a little sooner,
I'd be more than the brother of God, Junior.
Bob.
Oh, Wally, don't you look sweet.
Doesn't he, Ward?
Yeah, reminds me of the time my brother and I had our prize hog on the 4-H Club show.
Uh-huh.
Well, uh, what was, uh...
What do you think, Beeve?
Yeah, sure, Dad. Sure, Dad. Yes, Dad.
Okay, Dad.
Oh.
Here.
Do you think Wally's old enough to have prize hogs?
Well, dear, a boy's life can't be all one-sided.
He can find his own girlfriends like I used to.
Well, when Mrs. Hanson called, she said there was a dance at the country club in two weeks.
What for?
Mrs. Hanson said it was for prize hogs.
I'd hardly approve of his going steady with one prize hog,
but I certainly don't.
If you don't approve of his going steady with her mother.
What do you think, Beeve?
She'll be coming when she comes.
She'll be coming when she comes.
Oh.
Yes, Dad.
Okay, Dad. Sure, Dad.
Well, Wally, uh, your mother tells me you may need a white prize hog for a dance soon.
Yeah, well, I, uh, I think I might try that.
Okay.
You know, Wally, when I was in college, there was a prize hog who, uh,
well, who rather took a fancy to me.
Gee, Dan.
Uh, anyway, I wouldn't let this thing get off.
Yeah.
Lee Murr did that.
Beeve it to Lee Murr.
And before that, Jesus is Brother Bob by the Arrogant Worms.
Uh, thanks to Norrell Pref for that.
And now let's go back in time to the distorted days of February 2004
to radio station KPFA in Brooklyn.
Berkeley, where puzzling evidence mixes the tapes.
And Dr. Howell, uh, vies with Dr. Philodrummon for mastery of the air and brain waves.
Because, let's face it, friends, the conspiracy is making you
totalized.
Let's say your desire happens to be
And act straight.
more money.
And wear that smile.
And make that sale.
And watch that show.
And eventually think that thought.
Let's say your desire happens to be
And so on.
And so on.
More money.
And so on.
Oh, yes, I, well, it, it is, but, uh, there are other things I desire even more in my
lopsided vision.
Let's say your desire happens to be more money.
Well, it isn't.
A bell is to ring.
A horn is to blow.
Just in case there were people in charge who really didn't care what money they left on
the planet after they got through.
And money?
Money is to burn.
But I didn't.
I kept reaching into the envelope.
Help, stop.
Somebody stop him.
He's burning that money.
Stop.
It was like seeing myself on a screen or in a dream.
Like, like a bombing of a prison.
Not the things like that or anything.
Like a bombing of a prison.

No one ever burns money.
Just in case.
And this pamphlet that you're reading.
Or, do you, lady?
I sometimes wonder what happens to mine.
This pamphlet.
I understand.
If you're anything like me.
I couldn't exactly tell you where to go for secret meetings.
Your typical financial transaction goes something like this.
Because those secret characters were too slacked out.
Or just too frapped out.
That'll be $29.95.
I don't have that dream.
I don't have that dream.
I don't have that conspiracy to be even that organized.
I have too less damage.
You won't lend me the money?
But for what?
It simply lets you know that you were there.
Then just let me have 50.
I'll pay you back.
And there were weirdos like you that you couldn't even trust.
But Bob illuminates all.
Because if the awful crap does come down.
Awful.
The assholes will gang up to ferret out the abnormals.
And elbows.
Who tend to want to just fend for themselves.
We still have major witch hunts in this country every 20 years or so.
He's evil.
Burn him.
Burn him.
But what?
But what if this little society...
This...
There was a secret.
Goody Hoggins, because of the stain of your immortal soul from your exhortation with Satan
and his innumerable...
...because it didn't want to become a society.

Even if most of the time it only existed as a secret to maintain it.










as an indiscutable propaganda and odd public behavior
that always popped up in the strangest places.
And then...
Wouldn't it have to disguise itself as a joke to even exist?
Their hands and their hair!
You cast a spell on the lot of you!
Why would you want to join anything if you don't join things?
If you're not a joiner, if you can't join things,
it's impossible for you to follow.
Well, if all you can do is lead and yet you don't want followers,
what do you do?
Well, followers don't come because you want them.
They just sort of come and then you have to give them useful work to do.
And yet sometimes you ignore your leadership skills
for fear of mindless followers
slowing you down, robbing you of your slack,
and then you have to study the epismetries of the public.
Many hours of fruitless labor because of the frozen ground
many hours of fruitless labor have taken place
which could have been spent on profitable endeavors
and effects that would advance mankind's aspirations
in his eternal journey to the stars.
...person and others of that ill?
Well, if you did have a thing like that, it'd have to be pretty ambiguous.
That's for sure.
The left hand knoweth not what the right hand doth.
I never quite let you get a grip on whether they were a sick joke
or if they were serious or what.
You have the answer.
The very...




The very fact that they raised the question first
could itself be interpreted as part of the act.
Or...
If you wonder about all the...
You wouldn't be able to tell.
I can tell some...
But...
I am just a conspiracy.
...in a movie theater in my old age.
I can't really...
It's not as black and white as it used to be.
There's a large...
You get to thinking, can this thing be for real, maybe?
Is this for real?
Is this really something that's for real?
Hey, hey, is this your little...
All of which is demoralizing our youth.
Hey, hey, hey, are you Trekkies?
Is there really something that's going on that I just don't know about?
What's that guy with the pipe there?
Is he for real?
Is this supposed to be your little church?
Or maybe I've heard about this Bob crap somewhere
and it sounded like just a takeoff on cults
and totalitarian societies and sales gurus
and mysterious powers of luck.
That had something to do with the slack stuff?
Thou fools, thou art indeed whited than several bears.
Gosh, how could we be getting enough slack?
Having all appearance of rectitudes outwardly,
but inside being cleaning vessels of corruption.
Because of the conspiracy I didn't know about?
That's just so.
You will not examine Bob and his doctrines.
You didn't even know?
Then you must suffer after X-Day
while the subgeniuses are seized up in the rupture,
drawn up into the air with a shout and a blow of the trumpet
to achieve sexual congress.
The conspiracy that's a self-perpetuating role...





...in the pleasures spewed by the sex goddesses.
...while the peaks of the nebula...
Is that the one you're talking about?
...on the thieving, buckling surface of the Earth...
...holds Fry in hell...
The conspiracy that, much like the song that refuses to die...
...the song of Bob...
...just keeps going and going and going...
...of our mass communications mediums...
...there's a dark and shadow side of Bob and his brother...
...and the subgeniuses know well...
...he keeps pounding along like a relentless juggernaut...
...this is a dark and heavy work of a treason...
...flattening everything in its path...
...and you and all your slackful days...
...because you know why?
...you'll find...
...it's normal...
...in this recording...
...and it's that normality that we must fight...
...in the new bulletin number 125...
...always on the green inside...
...the conspiracy itself is that way of a formality...
...some people see it as normality...
...as a metaphor...
...published and brought about by the Cinema Educational Guild...
...now they say Bob Dobbs is just a man...
...and nothing good...
...and still are...
...used to brainwash the people...
...he has friends up in the sky...
...he's immortal and can fly...
...otherwise he's just a guy like me and you...
...so keep on the green inside...
...always on the green inside...
...keep on the green inside of Bob...
...he looks playful like your dad...
...but don't you ever make him mad...
...just keep on the green inside of Bob...
...there's a dead armadillo on the road...
...and Bob's bumper...
...it hit it fair and square...
...there's a twinkle in his eye...
...not a tear as he drives by...
...a ghostly old Bob Dobbs...
...he just don't care...
...so keep on the green inside...
...always on the green inside of Bob...
...keep on the green inside of Bob...
...there is nothing left to fear...
...you'll preserve all you hold dear...
...when you keep on the green inside of Bob...
...and if you just stop and pass a fan...
...whoop whoop whoop whoop...
...whoop whoop whoop whoop...
it's Bob Dobbs Rick!
Carawelluter!
...and without André in response there is...
...Thereslink!
...and there's a story for you...
...that's not really strong as it seems...
...but vititiously an income not to have...
...that's just what it is...
... Destroy like the tμ and bring it along...

... ceramic and dilute and all the stuff...
...that's what we need inật's power.
Right, it's gonna be better soon.

...I'll upset Without lobotic privilege...
...but pay some attention if you want...
...for solution or I'm not sure delicious...
...you can mushrooms!
...other wrapped up in 있잖아요 verified.
...we did it at the first draft instead of t-

Bob Dobbs could be back at any minute.
Have a good one.
On the day of reckoning, you don't want to find out you drifted over to the wrong side of the battle line without even knowing it.
24-7.
365.
I can't picture anything now.
Oh, look, I've wet myself.
Oh, help me away from here.
Long cow, Dave, don't you know what they're doing to yourself?
Yes.
It's all been done.
It's all been done before.
It's all been done.
Oh, back in the days of the great, you know, the Middle Ages.
It's all been done before.
Nothing new under the sun.
Nothing new under the sun.
No, you can't find.
You know, look, the word is magical.
One word, slack.
Huh?
You think that's going to give you something?
Slack.
It even feels good to say it.
Is it an adjective?
Slack.
It's a noun.
To slack.
No, that's a verb.
To slack.
On slack.
On slack.
And a quicken.
A quicken and slack.
And a quicken and slack.
Hey, slack, hey.
That's an adjective.
I need more slack.
That's a noun, yes.
So far, we're pushing three.
How about this one?
I want to, uh, subjunctive noun.
I want to slack you, baby.
I don't know.
How do you like your slack?
Over easy?
Over easy?
Too easy?
That's just a...
Just a...
What's a giant going to do to you at the top of the beanstalk?
Yeah, he's going to make...
He's going to...
The giant is going to deliver us.
Get some dipping sauce going.
We're all food.
Be-fi-fo-fub-me-nius.
I smell the brains of a stupid subgenius.
Mmm.
Mmm.
Hi.
I'll grind his bones to make my bread.
There we go.
Jack and the beanstalk again.
There's no way...
It...
See...
I was at beanstalk.
Listen, we're into mythological...
You know, you read like Campbell.
I saw a giant's kidney at beanstalk.
I'm quoting scripture.
I saw Pinto Hendricks and the black beans.
I was at beanstalk, man.
I was only 17.
I went around topless.
I saw Abbot Willis Rochado and Tito Fuentes playing the flim-flam man.
You can see me in the beanstalk movie in that one shot of the crowd.
I'm like this nine-point down from the left on the fourth row.
Remember, he had to get that magic goose.
And the golden eggs out, too.
I think Sylvester Stallone was in a porno called The Beanstalk.
We are just three soybeans in a pod here.
It's not as silly as you think, French.
There are some dark, sinister forces out there,
and they're paying attention to your brainwaves right now,
and you're still going,
ha-ha, this is funny on the radio and stuff.
Yeah, I know.
You know what?
Actually, you know what?
They're getting even harder because, you know what?
They're coming through the radio.
And the phone.
That's right.
We've come through your radio already.
Yeah, you have.
And I hope you do this in time before the wave hits you,
but you gotta...
I'm gonna tell you this because I think you deserve to be saved.
You need to put on some protection for your head right now
or the orbital mind control lasers will take over.
I'm gonna start a radio show.
I'm just looking for some clowns.
You didn't hear what he said, did you?
That's okay.
Oh, you're just so glib about it.
Just so perfunctory.
It's just like, yeah, you know, I'm gonna start a radio show.
You know...
Didn't you hear what they said?
That your household...
Your household items, your chemicals, your dishwashing soap,
they're listening to your brain vibrations right now
and they're taking things down.
They're reporting it, man.
And your refrigerator is actually giving you commands.
You better stop them before they tell everything.
The bleach has a mind of its own.
We have to tell them something.
You know what?
You're making me want to commit suicide on my side window.
No, no, no.
This is...
This is...
Well, you have come to the right place, my friend.
You have come to the right place, my friend.
Oh, no.
See, there he goes.
He was weak.
He was weak.
Hey, yes.
Coming at you.
Bob saves.
Bob saves those who help themselves.
He saves those who help themselves to the inventory and sell it.
Oh, my Lord.
Bob saves the best salesman of his flock.
Dispensations and indulgences, papal ships and doctorates.
They grant forgiveness and blessings to space.
Demoralize our youth.
Bishop Riggs and Haywagons.
Haywagons and the...
We're going to have fun out there at this ingenious film fest.
And they have been and still are.
Drive in, camp out, flip, order...
You said the films were terrible, but I don't know why we should adapt these pink critical
standards.
The rioting Negro ship.
Well, they're not...
Did I say terrible?
Great examples of bulldata and quite entertaining.
Well, I don't think terrible is a bad term.
Did you enjoy the films last time?
Absolutely.
Did you have the blood and guts science fiction monster movie?
Cannibal Holocaust.
I didn't like that much.
But how about Abbott and Costello being chased by the monsters and the...
The Cannibal Holocaust was a little unnerving when they took that turtle apart.
Well, you know, when you turn turtle, it automatically causes a certain...
But Abbott and Costello meet Frankenstein.
I love that one.
That's a good one because in it, it shows that the monsters are all in cahoots.
I think we should stick to it.
There is a cabal or conspiracy of the monsters against the humans.
And, of course, this makes you want to root for the monsters.
Well, yeah.
It makes me want to not...
Outnumbered by the humans and normals.
I think I'm going to have a moratorium on animal torture movies at our film festival.
Yes, even though we'll be consuming edible animal products, we will not view more animal stuff films or tobacco films.
But those animal products will be processed, pre-processed in a way that makes them much more palatable to the modern Americans.
They're highly palatable, particularly when fried and fricasseed.
Let's not beat around the bush.
All I know is if you fry it, put a lot of butter and sugar on it, it's going to taste good.
No sugar for me, boss.
I got epizootis.
We'll have the...
If you got epizootis up to maxis, then you're going to have to have the crassiest day shack and frack.
And we've got some of that.
We're going to take the...
I got my lumbago.
We shot...
We took the big syringe and we extracted the viscous fluid out of the middle of your lumbago.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I don't like needles.
You can just put that thing back in its case, Sonny.
I don't need that.
And that's one case where the cure is worse than the disease.
Well, that's what some people say.
Let me be serious.



I'd be sick if that needle has to come anywhere near me.
But wait.
I'd rather not...
Will you be the last mob?
Someone has to, my friend.
Hi!
And when the last subgenius but myself has ascended on those pleasure saucers, I will be in the lead of the end.
Yes, I'll be there in the lead myself when those packs of untamed subgeni run amok in this sick gut blowout party ritual society.
It's a frightening thought that so many rogue subgeniuses could...
That's the only...
That's only the...
...hierarchies of the subgenius foundation.
The subgenius foundation's garment.
That's the tip of the rogue iceberg of real-world activity.
Many cults require you to wear special underclothing or...
But not us.
We desire you wear no clothing, if possible.
Depending on who you are, I mean, when I initiate certain subgeniuses...
If you've got strange appendages and gelatinous, corpulent flesh, we may ask you to leave your clothes on.
Exactly.
Now, at subgenius clenches and other...
...meetings so far...
We'll be clenching freely in the woods before long.
Well, uh...
Clenching and wrenching our butt cheeks together.
The ones who ought to keep their clothing on, remove it, and the ones who everyone would like to see...
Turning water into gasoline.
...sky-clad, as it were, resolutely keep their clothing on.
Why stop at wine?
We need to shake up these meetings...
We turn some of the water into wine, and once we're drunk, we turn the rest of it into gasoline and drive away.
...to achieve a more satisfactory result.
Yee-haw!
So that certain...
You can get a copy of this news bulletin.
...by important executive positions...
...to be able to view a parade of young and comely postulants...
...who would naturally be applying for the full procedure of initiation and qualification...
...in which the day was tied.
The Nazi hell creatures and other dwellers in the woods...
...are not only capable of performing, but...
Think of those special underwear that you don't have to wear...
...to be a member of this church.
...ordination as a deacon in the Church of the Subterranean.
Those special phylacteries that aren't required.
No prophylaxis will be necessary, since the...
You can be fully awake and yet half asleep.
Did I say awake?
Fully awake?
...to the postulant.
In an eighth millisecond of slack, I said fully awake.
It was the electroshock that caused me to say the awake word wrong.
Something for nothing.
That's what true slack is.
One-nighted plan.
This is a normal byproduct of the interchange, and should be enjoyed...
...and accepted...
...sometimes.
So what's this guy here want?
What do you want, man?
What happened to that chick?
She blew her head off, dude.
Did you know the old European thing?
If you step in WCSB, it's good luck, even though it inconveniences you.
I heard it breaks your mother's back.
Everybody's doing it.
What's the matter? Are you afraid?
Yeah.
Don't you want to be cool?
Yeah.
Are you afraid your mom's going to find out?
Yeah.
Come on.
Blow your head off.
Take the gun, man.
Take it.
Get with the times, man.
Come on, man.
Just look at it.
That's pretty cool.
That is suicidal.
It's cool, man.
Everybody's doing it.
Kurt Cobain did it.
That's it?
It is a true thing that everybody is doing it.
We're all waiting in line.
What does Kurt Cobain have to live for?
Only endless supplies of money, heroin, and nookie?
Why?
Never done heroin.
I've never done heroin.
You know, heroin, nookie, and riches aren't everything.
Obviously.
It wasn't enough for him.
But he did not have slack because he did not know Bob.
That's right.
However, his beautiful wife, Courtney Love, although talentless, did send her money to Bob.
And in return, she was starred in many movies and gained some modicum of respect as an actress.
That was my life.
I blew my head off, too.
Public statement.
Praise Bob.
You see, even the lowliest idiot can be brought up.
On high.
By the magic of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And the talented, such as the great Kurt Cobain, can be brought low.
Simply by their ignorance of www.subgenius.com.
Well, that doesn't mean a lot when you've blown off the side of your head.
Nope.
That's right.
When the push comes to shove, the bottom line is a hot pastrami sandwich.
That's good.
And the bottom line is Bob.
More on that.


More on Bob.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, that is.
From Subgenius Foundation.
Post Office Box 204206.
Austin, Texas.
78720.
Or, The Book of the Subgenius.
And Revelation X.
Or, www.subgenius.com.
Where this show can be downloaded, if you can spell subgenius.
And it has the cuss words you see in the downloaded version.
Friends.
Friends.
The background music is by Automatic Robot Fish.
That's a reverent angry Larry of the amino acids.
Who will, I should mention, be playing at the next Subgenius Devival.
The next big one.
Which is in Cleveland.
It's easy.
Convenient to me.
At the Beachland Ballroom on May 22nd.
With also Man.
And Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And whatever other preachers.
We can get.
I'm hoping to hear from.
You.
Son of a gun.
You thought I was going to say son of a bitch, didn't you?
