Greetings, my friend. We are all interested in the future, for that is where you and I are going to spend the rest of our lives.
And remember, my friend, future events such as these will affect you in the future.
You are interested in the unknown, the mysterious, the unexplainable.
That is why you are here. And now, for the first time, we are bringing to you the full story of what happened.
On that fateful day, we are giving you all the evidence based only on the secret testimony of the miserable souls who survived this terrifying ordeal.
The incidents, the places. My friend, we cannot keep this a secret any longer.
Let us punish the guilty. Let us reward the innocent.
My friend, can your heart stand the shocking facts about...
The Subgenius Hour of Slack!
Power. We have vast power.
At least 120 volts of pure electrical power.
Power.
And now all we need is 100 million volts of pure, unadulterated pleasure.
Another one?
I have appetite.
Hungers.
Needs like anyone else.
I must perforce indulge my...
...my pleasure's hand.
As best I can.
Did not Bob say,
Do what keepeth thou from wilting shall be the loophole in the law?
Am I to let myself wilt, Bob?
Can I open it my idea of slackness against all laws of God, man, and nature?
Can I open it my idea of slackness against all laws of God, man, and nature?
Can I open it my idea of slackness against all laws of God, man, and nature?
Will there be no more?
Well, um, there is no question that a cosmic interloper will hit the earth,
and we won't have to wait for millions of years for it to happen.
In 1908 a 200 foot wide comet fragment slammed into the atmosphere
and exploded over the Tunguska region in Siberia, Russia,
with nearly a thousand times the energy of the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima.
Astronomers estimate similar sized events occur every one to three centuries.
So hang out folks for another century,
and you too can join George Bush looking up at the skies
and yelling and screaming about things that he can't change.
Raging impotently, an impotent rage.
Yes, uh, impacts of large objects from space hitting us
have repeatedly disrupted human civilization.
One killed ten thousand,
and another meteor.
Another meteor.
Gosh darn it.
Killed three thousand people again.
Many scientists question these interpretations.
Impacts are most likely to occur over the ocean,
and smaller ones that happen over land are most likely to affect unpopulated areas.
But with big asteroids, it doesn't matter much where they land.
And spinal taps, see the influence.
Objects more than half a mile wide,
which strike Earth every 250,000 years or so,
touch off firestorms.
And the entire ocean gets stressed.
Followed by global cooling.
And it's terrible.
From the prior dust,
kicked up by the heat.
Humans would likely survive, but civilization might not.
An asteroid five miles wide would cause major extinctions,
like the one that may have marked the end of the age of the dinosaurs.
Look at all that coffee.
For a real chill,
Get out of that coffee!
just look to the Kuiper Belt,
George Bush!
a zone just beyond Neptune,
George Bush is swimming, look out.
and contains roughly 100,000 giant ice blocks.
More than 50 miles in diameter each,
the Kuiper Belt sends a steady rain of small comets earthward.
If one of the big ones headed right for us,
that would be it for pretty much all higher forms of life.
And the local team who wanted to go to Burning Man will never get there,
because a meteorite's gonna wreck everything.
But it doesn't require a meteorite.
For example, there could be a massive gamma ray bursting.
Ah!
That would sufficiently extinguish all life on Earth.
Look out, the gamma ray!
It's a night on T1.
If you could watch the sky with gamma ray vision,
you might think you are being stalked by cosmic paparizzi.
Once a day or so, you'd see a bright flash appear,
briefly outshine everything else, then vanish.
These are gamma ray bursts.
Astrophysicists recently learned about these babies.
They originate in distant space,
distant galaxies,
and are unfathomably powerful,
as much as 10 quadrillion,
that's a one followed by 16 zeros,
times as energetic as our sun,
Sol,
head of the heating system.
Look, here's the big head.
Did you hear the theory about how,
if aliens come here,
that they're probably already here,
in a microbial form,
and that they're going to,
in intelligent form too,
and that they're going to take over,
through the internet,
through the world wide web.
That they're just,
that they're not microbial,
I mean they're nano,
they're like nano,
nano virals.
Oh man, how could you be in digital life form?
Think how many of them are required to form the physical body
that we know as Bill Gates.
God, just think of all the...
How many microbes, and how they hold themselves together,
into a semblance of a human like thing,
that breathes and talks.
Probably even eats.
Peanut butter cup, Dave?
No, no thanks.
I was going to have some
Smarthy tumor juice over there,
and also a piece of hemlock pie.
And I see the Reverend brought his slim fast with him.
You gotta drink three coffee.
You have to drink three or four of those every day.
Now why would a man of your small,
not your girth,
want to have a slim fast for lunch or breakfast?
Because...
Not as a commercial message.
I can't suck down the blood of a newborn kitten every hour
like I would like to,
so I have to suck down one of these damn humanoid drinks.
Well that...
It's for the protein.
I have to have protein to balance the sugar and caffeine.
Well I think...
So therefore I have to eat nuts or frop
or some other form of protein.
Nuts and frops and other colloquialistic terms
for human bodies,
when you crunch off the tops of their heads
and dig right into that fleshy medulla oblongata.
Froplops, zips of tops.
Have you ever sliced the brain?
So what do you think about that?
Aliens and nano-aliens?
Well I was trying to ask you a question.
How could they make my biotic form
become digital from a digital form?
Actually, boys...
What do you mean?
The nano-aliens that you're talking about, Chaz,
are in fact the WOM supercomputer
predicted by J.R. Bob Dobbs,
described in...
not very much detail in either of the...
Bobbles, so to speak.
Um...
This WOM supercomputer is actually
like a zillion billion nano-alien creatures.
Which...
What is?
Or creature... nano-creatures.
They're artificial, but...
You know, they're as alive as any virus or bacterium.
And these...
This supercomputer of the X-est aliens,
because of the nano-aliens,
the nature of it,
is able to exist as a permeating gas,
as a paint upon the walls,
as the carpet underneath...
An all-pervading feeling.
As the very slim, fast in that can,
and as the can itself.
Or a lack of oil in one's carburetor.
Those are all part of the X-est computer.
That is how the X-est supercomputer
is able to instantly grant the wishes
of all those who paid their $30 to...
And simultaneously deny the heartfelt desires
of those it wishes to crush and conquer.
Following the rupture, or...
predicted XXXX day, 4X,
4XD, we like to call it,
coming up this July 5th, 19...
2000...
4Skin day.
4Skin day?
2001.
4Skin day.
As Bob predicted, yes.
Oh, holly hot 4Skin day,
when our mothers and grandpappies
laid down these laps...
Flare the skinners of Bob.
That would create a new hoon and mean
here on this consecrated ground,
we just decided, actually there was a vote...
Shouldn't we demand that everybody in the church
be circumcised?
Whoa, no...
Or circumvented by faith.
I think you got mixed up with a certain Heaven's Gate,
or a certain Judaism or some such thing.
Or a certain medical American conspiracy,
but no.
Trefonation was the...
We got all the meat we was born with.
I think everyone in this church should have a sex change
and then have a sex change bath.
Well, you've already had one.
No, that's been done.
That's already happened in this church of
excrescences and putridities.
I can't even keep up with the names of some of our ministers,
whether they're Mrs. This or Mr. That or...
Hot, stinky, in-between man-woman...
Maestress This or...
Lethargic thing, purple...
Yeah, Popester This and...
Mary Popester This and That.
But all of these predictions shall come true
as the end times unfold,
and I can do the whole song and dance.
I'm sure you've heard it a million times.
It's kind, and its own juice is just like a thick little salami.
How do we expect to get to the moon
if we can't even talk between two buildings?
How can we expect trees to communicate
when we cannot even talk with our own urine
and other bodily fluids?
It's just too much, I think, sometimes.
It always comes back to bodily fluids and genitalia.
That's Dave talking...
That's little baby talk.
That's sophomore unit baby talk.
I know, Chastity, you and I would prefer
to keep the conversation on a lofty,
rationalist, humanist level
and eschew this metaphysical
claptrap, nonsense,
random errantcy.
Genu-oriented and poo-poo-oriented individual.
But of course, that's what the audience wants.
That's what keeps the advertisers coming in here at WCSB.
Dave's poo-poo talk.
Okay, now I have to close up the end of the world.
Ah, you missed a spot.
Over there by the airport for your quick...
Now all that's left are the Dixie Chicks.
Jeez.
And there's some salsa here
you could have with those Dixie Chips.
Thanks, man.
Well, now you may laugh, but it is possible
a massive gamma ray burst might extinguish all life on Earth
and sooner than we think.
See, ironically, it would have been traveling
for millions of years through space.
It would only be reaching us now.
Oh, gosh, again, more irony.
That's what this show needs.
That's what we all need.
So let's get ironic, shall we?
In the wonderful, happy halls of ancient Ireland
where teensy leprechauns frolic around the dim...
Not again.
Oh, there they go.
Swoom back to Ireland.
And Godspeed...
We're reeling them in.
...little, uh, demons.
Look, I caught a ten-pounder.
Now, uh...
I'll just throw it back.
You're probably asking yourself,
what causes a gamma ray burst?
And you're right.
Sponge.
Well, it's not entirely sponge.
It may result in the merging of two collapsed stars...

where the sponge gets old and creaky.
...before the cataclysmical event, the...
...presence of the...
...200-year-old...
...foundering giants...
...might be impossible for us to...
...stare at.
...uh, uh...
...understand here on the planet Earth.
Yes.
All right.
So anyway, let's go back to the innocent explanation of how life really happens.
But once the burst begins, there will be no missing its fury.
At a distance of 1,000 light years, farther than most of the stars you could see in the
clear light...
Yes.
...it would appear about a mile away.






But as bright as the sun...
...earth's atmosphere would, at first, protect us from most of the burst's deadly X-rays and
gamma rays, but at a cost.
The potent radiation would cook the atmosphere, creating nitrogen oxides...

Okay, there we go.
Now flip the top of the atmosphere over.
...would destroy the ozone layer.
And you've got atmosphere omelet.
...and without the guardian ozone layer, ultraviolet rays from the sun...
Wow.
...would reach the surface at nearly full force...
Look at that.
...causing skin cancer.
Damn.
But they're beautiful.
I'm glad you're here.




I'm glad you're here.
...and, more seriously, killing off the tiny photosynthetic plankton in the ocean that
provide oxygen to the atmosphere and bolster the bottom of the foliage.
Of course, all the gamma ray bursts observed by scientists up to now have been rather distant,
which implies the events are rare.
But scientists understand so little about these explosions that it's difficult to estimate
the likelihood of one detonating any minute.
...and the first phase is hallucinogenic.
The second phase is glandular.
The third phase is...
We're talking sperm donations, clean country air, and a lot of oxygen.




...and a health farm packed with women.
Up until their birth, babies are the ultimate parasite.
For one indication of a female alone, caution to the wind, the eyes glaze, the glands swell,
and the brain freezes.
Breeding is an ugly thing.
I didn't bring you down here so they could use you.
I brought you down here so I could use you.
I am God.
I need your body as a dwelling place while I am here on your Earth.
Your feeling of helplessness is your greatest fear.










I am your best friend, savage.
When I am occupying your body, or in my present transitory form, I am without substance and
indestructible.
You can help me save the Earth from a terrible experience.
Yes, the whole Earth.
There is absolutely no doubt of your power to destroy.
I saw it.
I saw an American colonel killed, burned to a crisp by radiation with one look from this
man.
Mmm.
Feels like you got a real monster in there.
You fool!
You're feeding him human brains!
You're making him strong!
All I remember is feeling something sticky in my pants.
Yeah, but when it comes to blood in my underwear, I want to know how it got there.
You sucked out her brains?
Yeah.
Right through her mouth.
Is she dead?
Of course she's dead.
What, are you kidding?
Laugh for while you can, monkey boy!
I don't know if anybody read the Kurt Vonnegut book, Cat's Crater, famous for its

funny, old-fashioned, and
sultry lines.
I'm sorry, got to talk like this.
He popularized the idea of Ice 9, a form of water that is more stable than the ordinary
kind of water, and so it's solid at room temperature.
If you unleash a bit of it, then suddenly all water on Earth transforms to Ice 9 and
freezes solid.
Well, Ice 9 was a satirical invention, but an abrupt, disastrous phase transition is
a possibility.
He's got the phase transition again?
Very early in the history of the universe, according to a leading cosmological model,
empty space was full of energy.
This state of affairs called a false vacuum was really precarious.
A new and more stable type of vacuum appeared, and like Ice-9, it quickly took over.
This transition unleashed a tremendous amount of energy,
caused a huge runaway explosion and expansion of the cosmos.
It is possible that another, even more stable kind of vacuum mixes,
as the universe expands and cools tiny bubbles,
of this new kind of vacuum might appear.
They would spread at nearly the speed of light.
The laws of physics would change in an instant,
and a blast of energy would dash everything to bits.
And her body was transported to the roof garden for a wake.
However, this is considered a subliminal.
Not theoretical, and not as dangerous as the menace of rogue black holes
passing near our solar system.
Yes, it's possible that these rogue black holes could deform our orbital path around our star
and even send the Earth itself into freezing outer space and darkness.
That'd be okay. It'd be new.
And isn't everything new, like new experience, a good thing?
Well, black holes have been around since the beginning of the formation of the cosmos.
What about roaches?
Roddy McDowell.
The whole galaxy is full of black holes.
Like a piece of Swiss cheese.
He was playing the TVs before the negatives were wooden.
They are essentially collapsed stellar...
Oh, jeez, not again.
Every time you talk about that, it happens.
How full of tough questions...
There it goes. Whole societies going down the drain
just because Hal had to bring up collapsed systems.
They're called black holes for a reason.
They call them black holes...
Well, I guess it's kind of... You know, whatever's fair.
If 100,000...
If 100,000 civilizations had to die so you could hear us do the show, I guess that's okay.
You see, their gravity is so strong that they swallow everything,
while their comedy is so negative that they are unobserved by science.
Yeah, never mind. It's just a black hole. Never mind.
Even the light that might betray their presence is routinely sucked into a black hole.
Anybody here?
No, no societies are dying here. You can go now.
I like my coffee like I like my black holes.
I like my black holes.
Don't worry, everything's just fine.
Well, there are about 10 million black holes in the Milky Way.
I don't want to hear any snickers.
The Hershey Observatory confirmed this.
And the Clark Observatory...
God, the collar hung up.
The creamy nougat surrounding the caramel coating.
So, you see, the black hole could distort the orbital mechanics of the entire solar system very easily.
No!
By being a powerful attractor.
Only because you keep bringing it up.
But even that seems a more complicated mechanism,
and we should always look for a simpler way for us to be annihilated,
and that is probably from a giant solar flare.
I think you're talking about pizza by the slice.
They get huge, you know.
They get bigger than ever seen.
And smothers out all life.
Solar flares, probably known as coronal mass ejections,
are enormous magnetics.
They're magnetic outbursts on the sun
that bombard Earth with a torrent of high-speed subatomic particles.
What if, like, the Captain Crunch Peanut Butter One factory went crazy and started making too much?
Earth's atmosphere and magnetic field negate the potentially lethal effects of ordinary flares.
But while looking through old astronomical records,
worried scientists found evidence that some perfectly normal-looking sunlight stars
can brighten up briefly by up to a factor of 20.
These stellar flickers are...
They're only about 11, but...
Yeah, they can do 20.
Millions of times more powerful than their common cousins.
Within a few hours, a super flare on the sun could fry Earth
and begin disintegrating the ozone layer.
Not again.
Although there is persuasive evidence that our sun doesn't engage in such antics,
scientists don't know why super flares happen at all,
or whether our sun could exhibit milder but still disruptive autistic behavior.
And while too much...
solar activity could be deadly,
too little of it is problematic as well.
And so, the sun could become not brighter, but nearly 1% dimmer.
Might not sound like much, but a similar downturn in the sun could send us into another ice age.
We'd freeze to death.
There is evidence that decreased solar activity contributed to 17 of the 19 major cold episodes on Earth...
It's cold out here on the shelf.
...in the last 10,000 years.
As freezing night descends on the lunar surface of the planet.
The sun is going to be the most powerful and most powerful thing in the universe.
It's going to be the most powerful thing in the universe.
The sun is going to be the most powerful thing in the universe.
It's going to be the most powerful thing in the universe.
Did you hear about the sun activity too?
The sun is like going through like a total peak time right now.
Yeah, George Jr. is really...
He's as popular as the father was.
But it is.
There's like a website.
It flares up a lot, I've heard.
There's like a...
God, what's a website?
There's a website.

They're more like little pubescent rockets than flares.
It's a really cool website too.
That's all about it.
It's got...
You can get a...
You can get a real-time sun screen saver now.
I waited off one of those.
You used to put up four or five different pictures of the sun.
Yeah, I should have sent it to you.
We quit doing that because it was so disturbing.
Why did you...
It appeared that huge, gigantic shotguns were blasting away at the sun.
I think those were Masonic...
No, it's going through some pretty big stuff right now.
...subliminals from the Masonics who are running the NASA corporations.
Wait a minute.
The engine that creates all warmth for the whole solar system is having a little trouble right now, did you say?
Supposedly.
It's more than a little trouble.
Now, could this possibly be the coming of prophecy, of all the prophecies of every primitive...
It's a rich form of frothy turbulence...
...form of humanoid...
...you and your mom and dad and everyone who uses it.

...who you don't even know is going to want to...
...the prophecies of the homies...
...of the Aztecs...
...of the Aztecs...
...the Incas and the Subgenii...
...as it salutes itself in the sky like a burning lantern...
...that all things, that the great carpet of reality would be rolled up...
...so smooth and soft...
...taken outside, hung over a tree limb and batted by a gigantic old hag with a broom standing on the back of an infinite number of turtles...
...and that she would spray it with an anti-lyse...
...and that sort of lotion put on her...
...the lotion...
...right, and then it would be rolled, laid back down and all things would begin anew in the new age...
...or the new...
...um, I forget the...
...the new Navajo Trail...
...the new Navajo Trail...
...in the church of the subgenius...
...that leads off into the cosmos...
...these silly primitive superstitions are understood in a scientific way as the time intersection...
...which will happen when the great Mobius strip or infinity sign that is...
...the road of time...
...in the ancient days...
...it has to cross in the middle, right?
...well, we're adhering that...
...all that at times, man, you don't mind...
...cross over point...
...yeah...
...see, I can...
...I wanna set up a little deli right there at that crossroad...
...people would say, well, what are you gonna do if they make...
...a little general store...
...it's like, well, I think the exes are kind of wondering what the hell's gonna happen when the time intersection occurs...
...listener...
...so what are you doing about it, are you ready?
...go last year, you was ready for it...
...hey, hey, stop playing with the machine...
...all their...
...hey, over the...
...liquor's stored up, their froth was stored up for Y2K...
...now...
...now...
...they're not worried about nothing, they ain't worried about next day...
...ain't worried about time intersection, about...
...no worries...
...fine rupture, they don't care about nothing...
...about time...
...they're gonna get drunk...
...and party...
...time doesn't exist...
...why should it...
...and how can it...
...they're just gonna get drunk...
...softly...
...softly...
...hard G by radio...
...he's gonna go out there and he's drunk...
...I know you...
...you're gonna see H.S. Willis coming from the top of your brain...
...well, buddy, you know...
...that don't cut no ice with me...
...speaking of ice cutters...
...I don't hear that...
...you remember...
...you remember the time Jack and I were out...
...and we were so far damn far out there...
...that when he...
...we dug the hole, you know, and stuck the...
...squid giggin'...
...we were squid giggin'...
...and we stuck the little shack over the top of the little hole in the ice, you know...
...and we're sittin' there poppin' back a few beer, you know...
...and I...
...and I guess one guy...
...this guy, you know, he's talkin' about Mario Lemieux and all this hockey crap...
...all night...
...and I says, I don't like hockey, you know, so...
...I pull this little, like, harpoon device I got...
...you know, it's about four and a half inches long...
...you get it from K-Tel Ronco, any of them guys, you can order away for it...
...and I shove it right into his thigh...
...and rip those, you know, those, uh...
...real thick muscles near the top of his knee, you know...
...you're a prankster, Dave...
...I tell ya...
...we had a good laugh after that...
...we had years and years of stories about that...
...and, um...
...I guess, well, it got him a little railed up, you know...
...so did he kill you then, now, Dave?
I think I know where the nano-aliens live...
...what do you think of me?
Why, they're the leprechauns of...
...Celtic legend...
They're the wee folk?
...pink penises, red hearts, and purple bruises...
The Dave brains...
Brains...
...frolicking over the hillsides of the Emery...
...Emerald Isle...
...the Emerald Palace...
...Emerald City...
...the Emerald Mushrooms...
...that dirty, perky, shark-a-pat, black-bucked-a-murton...
...and the...
...wharton-filla-buck-a-burton...
...perkaluma-burton-buck-a-burton...
...and the...
...bush-a-mat-a-lore!
Well, then, of course, there's the possibility of the...
...sudden and unexpected reversal of Earth's magnetic field.
It could happen.
Yes, indeed, the North and South Poles could flip and then flop.
The last Dutch reversal was 780,000 years ago, in early October...
...so we may be overdue for a while.
...or another one.
Worse, the strength of our magnetic field has decreased about 5% in the past century.
It's a monster name!
Why worry in an age when GPS has made compasses obsolete?
Well, the magnetic field deflects particle storms and cosmic rays from the Sun...
...as well as even more energetic subatomic particles from deep space.
He keeps talking, but look, monster!
Without our typical magnetic shield, these particles would ping into us...
...and strike Earth's atmosphere, eroding the already beleaguered beagle of the ozone layer.
Well, there's always a guy that keeps talking, and then there's the monster.
Well, what did you expect it to do?
Grunt, grunt, stamp, snort?
Yeah, that comes then, after the guy keeps talking, then...
...monster destroy city!
We have evidence of such a monster before.
It happened many thousands of years ago.
Hmm, little Mimiko.
Here is Mimiko's original burial.
Many creatures navigate by magnetic reckoning.
A magnetic reversal might cause these giant monsters to be confused...
...and wander about aimlessly, bumping into each other.
Oh, excuse me.
There are no identifiable fossil effects from previous flops and flips.
This is most curious.
But still, a disaster that kills a quarter of the population like the Black Plague in Europe...
...would hardly register as little ol' blip in the future.
This is a teeny weeny.
Black or white?
I can snort it back, and then cut it back, and rock a lot of...
...boots!
I figured, you know, I just needed some help.
I ordered my body.
Within 11 days, I had lost my waist and my hips.
Today, I'm wearing those pants about a year and a half now.
My kids aren't hurting me anymore.
My knees hit my face, and definitely in my stomach and my legs.
It's incredible.
So what are you waiting for?
622-1800-622-NOW and receive $25 supply.
You'll also receive the book, Lose Sleep While You Sleep, free with your 622-46.
2-6-8-4-2-4-6.
And now...
Hi, I'm looking mighty good there.
Ooh, yeah.
I injured my rotator gears ago.
What happened?
Finally, it's bothering me anymore.
Well, thanks. I used to struggle on my knees.
On my knees.
Low.
Low.
Low.
Low.
Low.
Low.
Low.

Low.
Low.
Low.
Low. Low. Low.�
Well, thanks.
You're fine.
In 1783, the LACI volcano in Iceland erupted, spitting out 3 cubic miles of lava, floods,
ash, and fumes in theUNT الإ hah آم Recall the lava 묻чи


wiped out 9,000 people and 80% of the livestock.
The ensuing starvation killed a quarter of Iceland's population.
Atmospheric dust caused winter temperatures to plunge by 9 degrees
in the newly independent United States.
And that was just a baby's burp compared with what the Earth can do.
65 million years ago, a plume of hot rock from the mantle
burst through the crust in what is now India.
Eruptions raged century after century,
ultimately unleashing a quarter-cubic million miles of lava.
That's the Laki eruption 100,000 times as large.
Some scientists still say that this, not an asteroid, killed the dinosaurs.
An earlier, even larger event in Siberia occurred
just about the time of the Permian-Triassic extinction.
The most thorough extermination known to paleontology.
At that time, 95% of all species were wiped out.
Sulfurous, stinking volcanic gases produce acid rains.
And then chlorine-bearing compounds present yet another threat
to the fragile ozone layer.
A noxious bubbling brew all around.
While they are causing short-term...
...term destruction...
...there for you!
...volcanoes also fart out carbon dioxide...
Jeez.
...that yields long-term greenhouse gas effect warning.
The last big pulse of flood-based alt-volcanism built the Columbia River Plateau
about 17 million years ago.
We're ripe for it.
Look at the size of it.
Yes, friends, we are ripe indeed.
Ripe to throw that loaf of this planet overboard.
And we've been listening to...
Well, it's been kind of an unusual hour of slack
in that a couple of things fell into my lap
and it suddenly turned into an end-of-the-world show
starring the KPFA subgenius show from around 9-2000
with Dr. Howell Robbins going on and on about the end
and the various ways we can meet it
and puzzling evidence filling in.
In the blanks.
And of course, friends, as always,
a lot of Einstein's Secret Orchestra Swamp Radio
from WCSB in Cleveland
with Professor Chaz Smith,
Dances with Rockets,
a lonesome Cowboy Dave,
and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
And the clips and little media barrage bits that we've been hearing in between
are by our friend New Monet,
Saint New Monet,
who posted those on all binary slack.
And, friends, we'll see you at www.
subgenius.com.
But hurry, because it's all coming to a close
so very, very quickly, how are you?
Well, we could be killed by global epidemics
because if the Earth doesn't do us in,
our fellow organisms might be up to the task.
Germs and people have always coexisted,
but occasionally the balance gets out of whack.
Like when they had the Black Plague
killing the...
one European in four
during the 14th century.
Influenza took at least 20 million lives
between 1918 and 1919.
Now we got the AIDS epidemic
producing a similar death toll
and still going strong.
From 1990 to 1992,
reports the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,
mortality from infectious disease in the United States
rose like a balloon,
58%.
And meanwhile,
old diseases like cholera
and measles,
are coming back.
They've developed resistance
to all the high-tech drugs
we've been throwing their way.
Intensive agricultural land development
is bringing humans closer to animal pathogens
and stinky germs that rest
in huge mounds of animal feces
cast off from factory farms
where giant chickens meet a hideous fate.
There was nice giant chickens, too.
There was the ones in the commercials.
The grimmest possibility
would be the emergence of a strain
that spreads so fast
we are caught off guard
that resists all chemical means of control.
Perhaps as a result of our stirring
the ecological pot.
It's not our fault again.
Thank you.
It's the Our Fault Show.
Join us, won't you, on ourfault.org.
www.ourfaultshow.com
www.ourfaultshow.com
www.ourfaultshow.com
www.ourfaultshow.com
www.ourfaultshow.com
www.ourfaultshow.com
www.ourfaultshow.com
www.ourfaultshow.com
www.ourfaultshow.com
bore into your skin and tune their way right to your heart.
Right to your fart?
Heart.
At present, atmospheric gases trap enough local heat
close to the surface to keep things comfy,
but increase the global temperature a bit
and there could be a bad feedback effect,
with water evaporating faster right in your face,
freezing water vapor, a potent greenhouse gas
which traps more heat, which drives carbon dioxide from the rocks,
which drives temperatures still higher.
Earth could end up much like Venus,
where the high on a typical day is a sizzling 900 degrees Fahrenheit.
It would probably take a lot of warming
to initiate such a runaway greenhouse effect,
but scientists have no clue where exactly the tipping point lies.
They have no clue.
They're smart guys.
They are smart, but they don't know,
because this is a situation which has never been experienced before.
Earlier today, Chaz was giving a sort of a trance lecture
that ranged from the protoplasmic beginnings of all life
to space exploration.
And this lovely dome here is certainly a good,
a good place to think about, about that,
because if we're not lucky,
all of our descendants will live inside little puffer domes like this,
because the, there won't be the right kind of air outside.
And if we, if we are lucky,
ah, yes, oh baby, do that again.
I say, oh, I say, oh, hit me one more time, please, darling.
Oh, oh, oh.
You know, ah, you know, if you increase the oxygen in here too much,
a spark like that can cause an explosion.
We don't be fried like those poor brave astronauts
on one of those ill-fated missions.
Turn up the oxygen, man.
On the other hand, if you turn the oxygen up, you get kind of high.
Well, let us be first.
Yes.
Now, ah, remember, the, the air outside is not exactly the same as inside,
so you might want to go through that decompression chamber first.
Oh, man.
Jeez.
These kids just go right in and out from earth atmosphere to outside atmosphere.
Doesn't even bother.
Ah, ah.

I have to wear a mask to go out there.
Yeah.
It's, it's hard to keep up with evolution, man.
It was hard enough just to crawl out of that pond and use them lungs.
That hurt.
These kids don't know nothing.
You never did have to crawl out of that ocean and use them lungs the first time.
And, and that first time we had to invent murder, that was hell.


Hell, baby.
But man's got to eat.
You got to get that, you got to build that spaceship somehow.
And if you have to start by chipping flimped rocks together, well, that's a start.
Better than sitting on your butt, scratching your butt.
Or is it, friends?
This wouldn't have been better for early man to have merely sat upon its butt, scratching
that butt, and then, you know, just, you know, just, you know, just, you know, just, you
know, pinching its nose and fleas off at each other and rutting like happy little monkeys
in the wilderness.
Instead of all this progress.
Which, while it has brought us these ants and things, they're still not working right,
and we have to breathe this processed atmosphere or else end up like those new breed of kids
with the giant lungs and stuff.
Don't.
Sometimes I get mixed up in kids' tool.
I can't even remember what century I am in.
I remember that one time when we invented legs.
That was out of necessity, believe me.
No, but, you know, I mean, there's some people think that, that, uh...
Well, I used to thank Chaz.
Now, we've been exhorting people to build their own ships just in case the aliens don't save our butts.
But I used to say to people, well, hell, we got a whole other planet right here on this one.
That's a lot closer than Mars or the Moon and a lot more hospitable, that being the ocean.
Oh, we got a whole other two planets worth left to pollute.
If that's what we wanted to do.
He's a maniac.
Out to rule the world.
I'm gonna make you understand.
I love you.
A similar biological disaster would be a complete ecosystem collapse.
Maybe this skin cream will help me out.
Images of slaughtered elephants and burning rainforests, uh, well, they get your attention.
But the big problem, the overall loss of biodiversity, is a lot less visible and a lot more serious.
Billions of years of evolution have produced a world in which every organism's welfare is intricately intertwined
with that of countless other species.
A recent study of Isle Royale National Park in Lake Superior offers an example.
Snowy winters encourage wolves to hunt in larger packs.
So they kill more moose.
The decline in moose population allows more balsam fir saplings to live since they're not nibbled and chewed by the marauding mooses, or meese.
The fir trees pull carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere, which in turn influences the climate, as the CO2 is sucked from the air, replacing diverse wild plants with just two varieties of crops, transporting plants and animals and introducing new and dangerous chemicals into the environment.
At least 30,000 species vanish every year from humi activity, which means we are living in the midst of one of the greatest mass extinctions in Earth's history.
And it's all the fault of the Republican Party.
Now, while we are extinguishing natural species, we're also creating new species through genetic tamperings in weird secret labs.
Genetically modified crops can be hardier, tastier, and more nutritious. And they can be intensely radioactive.
Engineered microbes might ease our health problems.
And gene therapy offers an elusive promise of fixing fundamental defects in our DNA.
Then, there are the possible downsides.
Although there is no evidence indicating genetically modified crops are unsafe, there still are signs that the genes from modified crops can leak out somehow and get on you and find their way into other species.
Engineered crops might also foster insecticide resistance.
Yeah, we're a colony of bonnets.
And wannabe bonnets.
Earthman, here's a cappuccino.
The resulting super weeds and super giant insects could further destabilize the stressed global ecosystem.
Earthman, don't call the show.
Altered microbes might grow to a large size and prove to be unexpectedly difficult to control.
Another 510 area.
But we're talking about robobonics.
But robobabs, which is a different character than the real fashion babs.
But a similar version up in Santa Rosa.
Who's listening right now?
The movie.
And then try to put together an airborne version of the robobabs virus.
Now there's a showstopper for you.
Yeah, well, those are all very large-scale causes of mass death.
The holocaustic, uh, scenotaph of the human race.
All that show, just throw it away.
I have been told you are planning a child sacrifice.
They whip you like a beast.
I am a slave.
What would you have me do?
Well, if there's one thing I have to get myself, something that will tell me when I've succeeded.
What's that?
A live giant grasshopper.
This beast isn't only electric.
It's intensely radioactive.
We have just received a report from America that mountains of dead fish are washing ashore along the coast from Maine to Florida.
Does everything in Texas spit toxic cud?
When you ask for something as special as a brain, even Buddha is going to give you the runaround.
She's dead, master.
You've been a very bad boy today.
Are you ready to accept my domination?
How's the fillet?
Tender?
You're eating one of my trainees that didn't quite work out.
She wants to be in a freak show.
It's a freak country.
What about a particle accelerator mishap?
It could happen.
Yep.
You know, Ted Kaczynski, the notorious Unabomber, raved, they said, that a particle accelerator experiment could set off a chain reaction that would destroy the world.
Surprisingly, many sober-minded scientists have had the same thought.
Normally, their anxieties come up during private meetings with corporate bosses.
Yep, they get really nervous.
Recently, their questions went public when London Sunday Times reported that the relativistic heavy ion collider, they call it RIC, on Long Island, New York, might create a micro-world with a subatomic black hole that would slowly nibble away.
Our precious freedoms and our planet.
Alternately, it might create exotic bits of altered matter that would shoot right through you.
They're called strangelets, and they would obliterate whatever ordinary matter they met to assuage RIC's jittery neighbors.
The lab's director convened a panel that rejected both scenarios as pretty much impossible.
Just for good measure, the passenger also complained.
When they dismissed the possibility that RIC would trigger a phase transition in the cosmic vacuum energy.
That's what I spoke of before, that the vacuum would collapse and become celestial ice nine, and we'd all be frozen forever in eternal amber.
Sure, whatever, what about the sponge?
Well, the sponge machine is not nearly powerful enough to make a black hole or destabilize the vacuum.
But we can always build a bigger accelerator.
Confborough
Oh!
Oh, Fernando! Your mother raised my dog!
Not all of us.
Oh! I hate Fernando!
But it might not be big things that bring us down because we could also have a nanotechnology disaster.
You see, right now, scientists are working on developing what they call nanobots.
Nanobots.
Millions of teensy-teensy robots that get into your bloodstream.
Nano, nano.
Nanobots.
Nanobots.
I didn't read that.
They're nano.
I saw it.
I saw it.
It was an article.
Was it a favorable article?
Fairly favorable.
A punk called Chicken John.
Yeah, well.
So you see, these tiny nanobots could be designed by artificial intelligences,
which could continue to refine the nanobot design until the human body would be considered obsolete
and would be instantly chewed to flinders by millions of jittering nanobots.
Not again.
I hate it when that happens.
Or, conversely, environmental toxins could squirt into the atmosphere.
As in Bhopal, India.
You know, they're even finding pollution in the snows of Antarctica.
The earth is hopelessly contaminated.
When giant monsters are waking up with anger in their hearts.
Yes, indeed.
Of course, there's also global war.
A nuclear war would be harmful.
Let's admit that.
And it would probably be very harmful for the human species.
Together, the U.S. and Russia still have 19,000 active nuclear warheads.
They don't say I'm doctrinal to me.
He hasn't got real feet.
He's got those weird, like, pod things.
How can you believe a guy like that?
Look at his ears.
They've got, like, the weird radio materials hanging right out.
I can't even listen to that guy.
But seriously, you know, if we look at prophecy, like as many do,
the weekly world news there at the checkout line,
as we thumb through Revelation X and the Book of the Subgenius,
using our second or third foreskin thumb,
we're entering a glorious new age, a new era,
of diseases, of volcanic eruptions that decimate entire states.
Earthquakes, incredible man-made disasters,
of gigantic stockpiles of nerve gases released into the atmosphere,
blowing hither and yon.
All flapping amongst the small union children
as they gathered by the gates to sing songs.
The madness of the Middle Ages will pale.
They were all taken out and buried.
They were all buried.
They were all buried.


In comparison to the marvelous, futuristic new age that's coming,
we know that you, the listener, are interested in the future,
or you wouldn't be listening to this show.
You who are hearing my voice now,
those of you who live into the new age
will see such wonders as rubber cities,
gigantic dominoes the size of a human head,
thousands of skyscrapers,
all set to go off and fall at once
on July 5th, 2001
at Brushwood Campground in German New York.
The device is all done, master.
All is in order now.
You see, such wonders as glass lipstick,
growth books,
We like the glass lipstick.
We like the glass lipstick.
Sin pills.
I have taken many, master.
What shall I do now?
Other miracles of science,
such as the robotic butt puffler.
The eye condenser, the amazing eye condenser,
takes what you see or what you have seen
and procreates into a small, proclivitous package.
It can be owned by a member of your family unit,
now for a limited time,
but it's not a good idea.
It's not in the neutral space.
These are completely designed for a modern you today
in the neutral space.
If you care or if you dare,
just step into the box, reach your hand out.
The influence will go on and on.
Are you ready for this future?
Is this really the future that you want?
This is food for thought, ladies and gentlemen.
And until next week,
you can keep your hat on tight,
your dart to the wind,
your dart deep to it,
and your sack in the saddle.
Think about it.
.
Well, Mom, I didn't want to go, man.
I didn't want to go, man.
Well, the first thing you said, if I didn't go,
then I wouldn't be...
I didn't want to go.
You forced me to go.
Well, the first thing you said...
.
.
.
.

.


.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
I'm so sorry that I broke your heart.
Please don't leave my side.
Take me home, you silly boy,
because I'm still in love with you.
You
on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius.
Send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
www.subgenius.com
Stay tuned and praise Bob!
Subgenius.com
Laughter
Laughter
Laughter
Laughter
Laughter
Laughter
Laughter
Laughter
Laughter
Laughter
Laughter
Laughter
Laughter
Laughter
Laughter
laughter
Oh, my God.
