An ideology that regards itself as non-ideological, that presents itself as the natural center, the very fulcrum of civilized modern life.
The self-genius power of the self.
This may well be the most powerful and most dangerous ideology we have ever known.
I'm not denying the virtues, far from it. We're all beneficiaries of the cult of the elite.
But if we deny its dangers and the all-consuming power of its propaganda, then we...
I bet nobody ever said that to you.
Oh, by the way, Bob, thanks for the aspirin.
Hiya, friends. Bob Dogg here, sooner and soper operator of Bob Dogg Dog and Dogg Hotbox.
Bob Dogg's son and foot tires, and that means shoes and mean shoes.
Means industry.
Yes, there's rain on the streets again, and where there's rain, there's rain-washed streets.
I ought to know I'm Bob Dogg, high chick, and it's my privilege to put shoes on your best friend just like he was my own son's car.
Here's a pair that'll make the road blush.
Wide, they're wider than the car, and safety-wrapped before their box is stored forever, and that's a long, long time.
One second can make the difference, friends, but don't believe me unless you don't care how much it costs.
And I like that kind of man.
And if you are, you're the kind of man I like.
And I'm going to keep it that way, even if I have to offer you a deal that had to be turned down to be offered to you.
And remember this tomorrow when you're awake.
You don't have to come to Bob Dogg.
You can drive around on lemons, for all I care.
Like they say, if you live in the water, you don't need a boat.
But if you do, give me the first chance at its feats, and you'll drive away a happy toe.
Thanks for looking at me.
I'm Bob Dogg, and I'll be back.
Well, sir, ma'am, thing.
This is a pretty...
word-heavy episode with new, very old, rare material from the Firesign Theater, as heard just now.
There's also some old-timey ESO swamp radio from the year 2001 that I guarantee is very directly Firesign-inspired, as are most of the subgenius shows.
And we continue.
We continue with samples from the soundtrack of Sandy K. Boone's movie, J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, as currently seen on many streaming services.
See dobbstown.org for all current info.
Indeed, we play that soundtrack now.
Everyone staying?
Uh-huh.
Another gun.
We said, you've got a religion.
Now you've got to have the tent revivals.
You know, you can't just say you have a religion.
You have to have this gathering of the faithful.
It was a sad day for mankind.
It was a sad day for mankind when man stopped, started sticking with his head and walking on his feet.
So, God, I'd like it back up.
Oh, yes.
I could feel an emanation.
I could feel an eye just burning into my eye.
I could feel a man staring at me and grinning at me and stretching his eyebrows.
I could feel that man saying he wants a test.
Bob, Bob, Bob!
A divival is a subgenius revival.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It didn't sound good to say revival, you know.
Divival sounds a lot better.
It actually sounds kind of like devil.
They were a way for us to act as if we were rock and roll stars or preachers or something.
Thank you, Bob.
For closing my memory.
I was the one who was supposed to get up on stage.
And do stuff.
I actually had terrible stage fright.
I wasn't interested in that at all.
But a Dallas character who later ended up calling himself Reverend Buck Naked.
The subgenius thing really clicked with him.
The worst crime is serving the conspiracy.
And the penalty.
He was ready to get up on stage and preach.
The penalty is worse than having your gonads cut off.
The penalty is worse than having your head cut off.
Eventually.
I didn't really like the way Buck did it.
And the rest of them were wrong.
And you're the only one that's right.
And that's how you're supposed to feel.
So I started doing it.
Before we start the services, we should have our.
Just a moment of sacred noise.
Thanks to the subgenius thing, I discovered I wasn't alone.
There were weirdos all over the place.
sometimes you had to be together,


There were very normal people who just thought nutty stuff
about the church of the subgenius,
Which made them very easy toóyou know, to relate to and get along with.
I remember seeing all these bands and stuff and I thought,
these guys are loaded. These guys are drunk.
And I saw Doctors for Bob, perform.
for him and I thought these guys are clinically insane.
Anti-music is a concept of unfettered expression
musically and sonically to try to create this sound
that trained hands can't do.
You have to go totally on instinct
and that's what we did with Orchestra of All.
It was kind of this Looney Tunes fraternity
and you had to kind of enjoy guys to be a part of it.
The way that I view the Church of the Self-Genius
is that in a way it is the patriarchy
strained through a cheesecloth.
It was a boys' club and I was attracted to it
because I wanted to meet the boys.
It is finally taking itself by the hair
and turning itself inside out
and looking at the world with fresh eyes.
And that's why I think it's such a special place
for special people
doing something like this.

Special things happen to special people
and so we help each other out.
I think it was this way of saying
it's them and not you, you know.
Don't you worry if the world or the conspiracy
is getting you down.
You know, you come stand by me
because you're one of ours.
The conspiracy's major effort
is to take your slack away
and to sell you a false version of it
which they manufacture.
Well, I'm afraid we all discovered the conspiracy
probably our first day of school.
When the other kids made fun of you
for using the wrong color crayon
or you're not doing it right.
It was important that we encapsulate
everybody's best enemy
into something that could be
easily distilled into like one thing.
Something that people could say,
yeah, I understand that.
That's, we're all victims of that, you know.
Anything that bothers you is the conspiracy.
It's a little bit the thing that assassinates you.
It's a little bit the thing that assassinates presidents
from book depository windows.
It's a little bit the suppressed saucer technology
that is owned by the European Union.
But it's also just when it's too hot on the bus.
In 1953, Jehovah One, the alien space god,
informed Bob Dobbs that there was this conspiracy
of normal people robbing the slack
of the subgeniuses for centuries,
but that,
on July 5th, 1998,
at precisely 7 a.m.,
the men from Planet X would come,
rupture up the dues-paying, believing subgeniuses
and give them the power to wreak revenge
on all the normals.
Next thing you know,
you've got the doctrine for an entire religion.
Oh, yes!
Bob can set free the winos!
He can set free the prisoners!
Do we have any more testimonials from the crowd?
Woo!
I found the image of Bob's head in a bedpan,
and ever since, you know, it's just been Bob all the way.
Saved by the image of Bob in a bedpan!
Our tendency is to just let everybody throw in,
so we don't really have any rules.
I was once a degenerate, but Bob saved me.
Oh, yes! Amen!
We encourage people to form their own schism,
you know, join the church and send us money,
but immediately rebel against it.
Well, there's always a split in the church,
and if there wasn't, we'd create some,
because you can't have a church without schisms.
And the more schisms in a cult, the better.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I think we need to inject this campground with some real hate.
Yes!
What I would like to bring to you,
the great Papa Joe Mahalo.
Woo!
One of the major magnets of religion
isn't the common love of some people.
It's the common hatred of something.

That's what brings everybody together.
So I just wanted to kind of offer that sort of alter ego,
the sort of anti-Bob, if you will,
in the Church of the Subgenius.
There are two distinct branches in the Church of the Subgenius.
The highbrow evangelical branch,
led by Ivan Stang and his philosophical followers.
Some of the subgeniuses were looking at me
as kind of the do-gooder.
I was a little too easy on the normal,
so I didn't really care.
I didn't really want to destroy the whole world.
I just wanted to loot it, get all the good comic books.
Well, other people really do hate the normals.
The evangelicals and the holocaustals
represent two sides of the Church.
Now, the evangelicals believe that all the pinks
need to be enslaved and can still serve a purpose
after the final judgment in which Earth is liberated
from the chains of pink and conspiracy rule.
Now, the holocaustals, we're kind of a more traditional,
fundamentalist, if you will.
We believe that, you know, you do need to eliminate
and exterminate all the normals.
Not everyone in the Church of the Subgenius
gets along with one another,
because it's the group for people who can't join groups.
I've often tried to explain to people
about Church of the Subgenius.
He's going to be very smart, talented people,
but somewhere along the line,
they've got a personality problem
that keeps them from joining in
and being sociable and popular and normal.
Thesey tell me a little bit about B корп Cool af.

a long time a bfounder of the land of animals.
Oh, I've noticed some more animals.

Seems like some of them you can yhtechize.
You gottaAss tissallifAHck of an animal in Japan.
It's not just the psychobabble and the endless miles and miles and miles of wasted tape.
It's not just the blissed out winos with stained trouser crotches and corroded zippers.
It's not just the shark-like doctors cruising the crowds of normals like Barracuda trailing the awful barges.
It's not just the morally bankrupt conspiracy trying desperately to climb on Bob's wagon in a futile attempt to denature the 200 proof word of salvation.
It's not just the Jane of device howling alone and unheeded in the contemporary wasteland while children suck on stones.
It's not just the media zombies who hunch in front of their FM receivers every night trying to decipher the shows that dare not speak their minds.
It's not just the media zombies who hunch in front of their FM receivers every night trying to decipher the shows that dare not speak their minds.
It's not just the stark fists that are never printed and never mailed.
It's not just the prairie squid denuded of hair and wrapped in plastic in your local supermarkets.
It's not just the one-way flow of cash to that Dallas post office box that promises slack but somehow never delivers.
It's not just that fatuous, pipe-faced, would-be savior who can't even tap dance.
It's not just the safe sex movement who wants you to spread your seed in a rubber suit.

It's not just the inane tape correspondences that go on and on and on and on and on.
It's not just the smug, self-righteous, born-again fundamentalists who want us all to live according to their moral code which was written by tribal savages back in the Stone Age.
It's not just the hate-filled zealots who murder a scientist to spare a guinea pig or a laboratory monkey.
It's not just the government that wants to make sure that the government is a good place to live.
It's not just the government that lies, cheats, robs and kills the very people whose rights it is supposed to secure.
It's not just the bad movies, bad television, bad books, bad fashions, bad music and bad taste.
It's not just a system that's so corrupt, top-heavy and tainted with greed that it's raping our very planet.
It's not just the overfed, bloated, paranoid demagogues with their bloody fingers on the doomsday buttons.
It's not just the complete absence of love, charity, kindness, faith, honor and slack.
It's not just the hip wimps milling all around you with smarmy smiles and sticky fingers.
It's not just the collapse of civilization that we have come to know and despise it.
It's not just the fact that everything we are and everything we do is dictated by a double helix of deoxyribonucleic acid.
No dear friends, it's more than all that.
But the church of the subgenius offers you alternatives.
Glanscaping, time control, acupointing, fornicationalism and a chance to ride the Dobbs wave as it sweeps across the luck plane.
Eschew normality, shun the conspiracy and get right with Bob.
He's still got that frog mixture and he's a dinkum square shooter.
Maybe he isn't the best.
But he's all you've got.
Dr. G. Gordon Gordon performing the extremely rare, it's not just the, number two.
Which I forgot even existed.
It was on hour of slack number 89 whereas this is number 1811.
Probably that was recorded in Bolivia.
Now we're going to go back to this rare old Firesign Theater material.
Now if you never heard of them and yet enjoy subgenius radio, you might want to look at firesigntheater.com
and let me note that the theater there is spelled the British way with R-E at the end instead of E-R.
Firesigntheater.com.
That is where you can find access to many new and old albums such as the one I'm playing from called Dope Humor of the Seventies.
There would probably not be any kind of subgenius radio or possibly even church outreach without the Firesign Theater.
World domination really only comes into its really golden age with Richard Nixon I think.
Well, well.
No, I think Jack Kennedy.
Now Kennedy really was the man who really made it possible.
He was the first man to take a real liberal's like super electronic vision.
He was the kind of guy that would be, he was the first president to own a Sony tape recorder.
You know, he really was.
If our advisors aren't there, somebody else's advisors will be there.
Right. I mean like if Harvard doesn't get in there first, Yale's going to get there.
I mean he's got a good real vision.
It's good healthy touch football competition.
Absolutely, right.
Political touch football is what it is.
Right.
But look, Richard Nixon, man, I mean Richard Nixon is much better than Lyndon Johnson ever was.
Oh, I agree.
I thought Lyndon Johnson was good, man, especially all that killing and stuff like that.
But Richard Nixon has outdone him.
Let me tell you one thing before you get into Nixon.
No, go right ahead.
Just very flashed on it yesterday, I just wanted to mention to the folks.
Like, President of the United States gets shot.
The guy who's supposed to do it only gets to say one thing, which is I didn't do it.
And then he gets shot on television, right?
And nobody says anything about it basically.
It just goes down.
And then the next president, everybody in Washington is scared to death, right?
Everybody's going around saying, well, that guy gets shot.
And then the guy's got shot on television.
Nobody said anything about it.
And they got the Supreme Court to say it's okay.
I better keep my mouth shut.
It's wonderful, man.
It's the closed-mouthed administration.
The closed-mouthed, right.
The silent generation, right?
Me scared of Nixon?
No.
You know who he sends around, you know, to lean on you?
Lyndon Johnson.
Lyndon Johnson, right.
I come from the big man.
Right.
He was in Newport Beach yesterday attending the.
Right.
The wedding of his niece.
And he has a perfect attendance record, by the way.
Yes, he does.
He goes to all family functions.
Well, they're redlined at once when he came in.
No matter where in Southern California they occur.
Oh, and if he's not there personally, he has two or three of his boys there.
Right, right, right.
I'm sorry, I will not be able.
You mean the little Eisenhower kid?
Yeah, the little Eisenhower kid.
Right.
The one with the submachine gun.
I am not going to go to that assassination roundup, but I am going to send David and
Bobby Eisenhower.
And I am going to send the National Boy Scout boys.
Look, oh, it's just wonderful.
Who's that kid?
David Eisenhower?
Yes.
He's got the same name as another president, you know.
That's right.
And he goes around.
They're related closely.
No, no, no.
Eisenhower was the chancellor of the German Republic after Hitler.
That's right, that's right.
Yeah, he took over war-torn Germany, I think they call it.
Post-war-torn Germany.
Dear Chancellor Kreisler.
And built it up to the major state that it is today.
War-torn.
Good job done well, too.
I hear.
Heil Volkswagen.
Right.
That's his first name, Volkswagen Eisenhower.
I hear the marks are doing well.
Yeah, yeah.
So are the Munches.
Right.
They got all the angles.
I left an opening for both of you, did you notice that?
Yeah, that's right.
We got your marks.
We each came in separate.
That's right.
We've got to look for our marks for all the angles.
That's right, but all the angles so we can lay it on the Munches, you know what I mean?
Down in Munchen.
That's where all the Munches are.
And that's where all the Munchen, man, that's where old Dorothy, man, gets.
Munchkin?
Sure, of course.
She gets caught in this tremendous political hurricane in Kansas, bleeding Kansas, gets
lifted up with a house of reprobation.
She's a representative and lands in Munich.
That's what the Wizard of Oz means.
Get out of here.
Of course.
Yeah, boy.
Get out of here.
Neon, fascist literary critics.
Oh, look, no, no, look, it's a, yes, it's a...
Why don't you go join Susan Perlmutter, whoever wrote that article?
Right.
A bunch of Jewish critics, that's all you guys are.
You're obscure.
That's right, that's right.
And Dr. Seuss is all about the takeover of the Japanese industrial movement.
I'm glad we got rid of him.
Boy, what a drag.
Mr. Intellectual, they call him.
That's terrible to get into that sort of thing.
Critic is a guy who plays the game.
Disillusioned a bunch of kids.
Yeah.
By the way, is that kid still tied to the tree out there?
No, no, no, no, no.
Say, Sebastian, you mean?
The cheetah got him.
The cheetah got him?
Yeah, right.
Oh, wonderful.
We, when we're doing the radio show, we tie a kid to the tree outside.
Yeah, right.
And so then, you know, that's an old African method, and then the tiger comes along and
then you shoot the tiger.
That's right.
Yeah, yeah.
And then somebody else shoots you.
It's a macho game, right, actually.
Yeah, it's a good game.
It's a swell game.
Sure is.
I like it.
It's called the President Nixon game.
The President Nixon game, right.
So you go to a small country, tie it to a tree, right, and wait until, and wait for
China to come and eat it, right?
Right, right, right.
And then you eat China, right?
Right.
Let's go down and eat a little Chinese.
I don't be silly.
Of course I don't.
But that's because you're smart, and you spent all that excess money that you make on trips
to Amsterdam and stuff like that, don't you?
Yeah.
That's what the rest of us do.
You know, you have a write-off.
Yeah, intelligence, yeah.
Yeah, mind.
That's got a lot to do with it, doesn't it?
Yeah, sure.
That's what, no, that, Bob never said that.
Nah, Bob never said that.
That ain't doctrinal.
He never told me anything.
Bob never said you had to have a brain.
In fact, he said just the opposite.
He said to just float with it, man.
Just, just feel your way along.
Don't be linear.
Feel your weight, yeah.
Have a holographic view.
Feel the weight holding you down.
You don't want to be linear.
It's like you're being locked in a box, man.
Just let the weight go.
Yeah, man, it's not, it's not a road or a grid.
It's more like a cloud.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Yeah, it's like a, it's like an aroi or a canyon.
It's like a, no, it's like a beaver's tooth.
No, it's like a hamstrung muscle.
Yeah, yeah, that's right.
The neurons don't really do that much.
It's like a neuron.
The, the things they don't even know about this go off the neurons.
No, they don't know each other.
They do all the real fancy stuff.
They can't even talk to each other.
Sometimes they're so lonely and they're sitting right next to all the other neurons.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.
Dave, get your hands off that neuron.
Quick, Bob, quick.





You're playing with your neurons.
Look at that, look at him.
He's just like a chimpanzee in a cage.
Manipulating life.
Just beating his neurons again.
He's just home or something.
Whipping his neurons.
He's very, very light.
He can use a whisk.
Ew, it's gross.
A squishing chemicals out of him.
A whisk I've got is a Scandinavian plate has to whisk.
Ew, gross, there's serotonin all over everything.
Lepidomy, spring testing, and other morning, afternoon attitudes.
Dave, will you, will you plug your ears and quit leaking out your damn neurotic mind?




Pus.
Chemical brain cell pus.
It's neurotic pus, man.
Ah, neurotic pus.
Somebody called this show a bunch of neurotic pus and I think they meant moronic pus.
I don't think they meant it.
I would agree.
I would have tend to agree with that characterization.
Hello there.
It's time to play Truth and Consequences.
Roll up the carpets, push back the chairs, and join us in having a load of laughs and
lots of fun.
You look like a likely candidate for the first question.
Step up to the mic.
What's your name?
Good.
Now, here is the first question.








What large race of people still ride in buggies?
Oh, I'm sorry.
But what large race of people still ride in buggies?
It's babies.
And now for Private Joe Smith.
Private Smith's great yearning is to be a psychiatrist.
And here is his golden opportunity to prove his psychiatric value.
Give your all, Private Smith.
Private Smith, I'm informed that several officers of the American Medical Association
are listening in.
And if you do a good job tonight, you might find a scholarship to some medical college
waiting for you when you leave the army.
Now here's the problem.
You're a fashionable psychiatrist and you're sitting in your office with a woman patient.
This is your desk here and you'd better wear these glasses to make you look professional.
All right, go ahead.
And now, madam, just what seems to be the trouble?
Oh, Doctor!
I just don't know how to begin.
I can rumba and conga like a mad thing, but I just don't know how to begin.
Uh-huh.
Now, madam, what are you saying?
Well, you see, Doctor...
Oh, Doctor, your beard, it's dipping in the ink well.
But, madam, I have no beard.
Now, don't you fret.
You're a lot worse than the people who talk about you.
Amen.
Now, madam...
Well, Doctor, you see, first of all, I suffer from a constant obsession that my husband
is untrue to me.
Well, perhaps he is untrue to you.
Oh, but you see, I'm not married.
And I also...
I have a constant obsession that I'm not being followed.
Well, that may not be a delusion, madam.
How old are you?
That's a secret between me, my mother, and my draft board.
Oh, no!
Oh, Doctor, I don't know what to think.
Sometimes I think I'm quite crazy, and then again I think I'm perfectly sane.
It's the uncertainty of it that's so terrible.
What?
Madam, your stories are over.
You're crazy.
Have you any other obsessions, madam?
Oh, yes, heaps.
Why, right this minute, I think I'm soaking wet.
Mine glimmel!
For heaven's sakes, don't do that.

Drip all over my...
Oh, Germans again, ma!
Excuse me.
I've just had a hard day.
Oh, I'm so glad.
And, Doctor, I have another obsession.
Yes?
Right now, I think there's a tiger in back of me.
A big tiger?
Huge.
Oh, no, he's asleep.
You see him moving around?
Oh, no, he's asleep.
Well, perhaps we'd better lower our voices.
We might wake him.
What am I saying?
Madam, say no more.
I understand your case thoroughly.
Madam, I have here a little word association test.
When I read a word, you say,




the first word that comes into your mind.
Are you ready?
Very well.
Dog.
Dog.
Hitler.
No.
You're right.
You're, you're, you're right.
You, you're wrong.
No, that isn't it.
Dog.
Don't repeat the word I read.
Now, look.
Just say the first word that comes into your head, all right?
Head.
No, no, not yet.
Not yet.
Wait till I do it now, okay?
No, okay.
Now, what is the first word that the word dog brings to your mind?
Hitler.
You're right.
You're right again.
Right.
I was right before.
That's good.
I was right before.

What did you say again?
Again.
I'm going crazy.
Doctor, doctor, I can't help you.
I'm going crazy.
I can't help you unless you help yourself.
You'll change sex.
Now, why don't you take a nice hot bath?
Here, take one of mine.
That's funny.
That's funny.
But I couldn't take your last one.
Heavens, it's late.
I can't stay another minute.
I hate to eat and run, so I'll just walk.
Cheerio.
Cheerio.
Oh, that's fading a little.
Wait a minute.
Let me, you skipped my line here.
You're stepping on the tiger's foot.
You're stepping on the tiger's foot.
You're stepping on the tiger's tail.
Silly boy.
Brr-brr.
If he doesn't mind, why should you?
Bye-bye.
Horsely to himself.
I must pull this horse together.
Madam, wait, wait.
That will be $25.
Oh, no, no.
I really couldn't take it.
But, madam.
Oh, well, if you insist.
I might as well be rich as the way I am.
But hurry, hurry.
Where did you learn to read?
Excuse me.
That's a 10, a 20.
You thought that was funny, huh?
Crazy.
25.
You wait for me until I'm done.




After this, we'll go out for a drink.
Hitler.
I'm off to you again.
Oh, my God.
Now, just do everything I told you.
And don't worry.
Bye-bye.
Bye, bums.
Oh, I'd like to go to the lake.
I'd like to ride a skate and walk around.
And people will have a number.
This character named Doug Wellman, using the handle Puzzling Evidence, he was way ahead
of us.
He was the one who was the best at collaging found sound.
Doug Wellman had been making these audio collage tapes with sound effects and improvised
humor, as it were.
It was like a network of people that traded cassette tapes.
You'd get the tape, and you'd listen to the tape, and you'd immediately start a tape
back to the friend.
And it was just such a great way to communicate.
Wouldn't you like revenge?
Yeah.
It was really nice.
Night-time, loners would always come here and dashingly stomach those conspirators
who这样, if you remember, managed to enslave all of Allegro, applyσει the
value of all long.
Say good night.

It turned this time out.

I was available.
Noja glasses, no wait a close-up.

We contacted him and invited ourselves onto his show.
And at some point it became Hour of Slack, which was a great name because the show is actually 90 minutes long.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
And this gave us a body of cassette tapes that made us sound a little more developed than we really were.
Nobody had met each other to that point.
No real events or anything.
It was all just a male media network.
There were finally enough people who were curious about each other and becoming actual friends that we wanted to meet.
So we decided we were going to have a convention in Dallas.
Have you ever wondered about your neighbors?
Maybe wondered about the weird thumps and bumps or chances?
Or the weird dance emanating from their apartment?
Well, they may be followers of Bob.
That's the fastest growing cult here in the Southwest.
Somehow or another, Channel 4 News got wind of this subgenius thing.
Ivan was like, you know, really resisted at first.
I was married to a school teacher.
We didn't want to get my wife in trouble or get Philo fired.
Plus, Philo's parents didn't know anything about this whole subgenius thing.
They were very religious.
I didn't ever want to do anything that was against the law.
I didn't want to embarrass them in public.
Even though I had this really strong need to rebel, I wanted to kind of do it privately.
The church is so omnipervasive that we couldn't possibly get into the dogma in any less than three or four hours.
I thought, man, you know, a secret identity is a good thing.
It's the church of the subgenius, and they're holding a revival.
My name's Sterno Dox from Little Rock, Arkansas.
This is my husband, the evidence representative, Doug Wellman.
I'm from Oakland, California.
I'm Pulver Greenies from the Wise Foundation in San Francisco.
Stephen Hart is San Francisco's.
People came from all over the country.
I'm from Houston, and I came to learn more about Bob.
Bob is like a super salesman.
He can sell you anything, and I bought it.
I just kept hearing the word Bob, Bob, Bob.
It would wake me up in the middle of the night.
I'd wake up doing jumping jacks. I wouldn't know why.
Devo was in town.
And Mark Mothersbaugh was there.
Mothersbaugh came by.
It was only by chance that I started receiving mail from the Subgenius Foundation.
And I realized who Bob was.
Two of the guys from Devo are at the convention.
I thought, this is really cool.
Everything was completely like a parallel universe to what Devo had been doing back in Akron
and now was trying to foist upon the world.
This was big-time major, grade-A proof positive,
that it had been going on somewhere else.
There's a good Bob, and there is a bad Bob.
There's a big, tall Bob, and there's a little, short Bob.
There's a kitchen Bob, and a living room Bob.
There's a car-driving Bob.
And where is Bob leading them?
When you first look at it, some people go,
Oh, I get it. This is a takeoff on weird cults and conspiracies.
Then they look a little bit deeper, and if they're really an attuned sort of person,
then they realize,
Oh, I get it. This really is a weird cult with cosmic wisdom and dogma
that I've been needing all my life.
And that's usually when they write their first check.
Kelly Lane, Channel 4 News, Dallas.
As the song says, different strokes for different folks.
Doug's been standing out in the sun too long, I think.
I lost my ass on that.
It was disastrous for me personally.
It hurt my job.
And I...
And probably my marriage.
He was struggling to make money.
And I have to admit, for me, that was probably the time in my life
when I had the least amount of trouble earning an income.
I was in the perfect position of being desperate enough
to do low-budget promotion for a weird cult.
Stark fist.
7,000 of them.
That's a lot of weird shit.
It certainly is.
I kicked in a few bucks now and then,
but for the most part, he was the guy that was shelling out his money.
You should make a film about slave labor in the 70s.
That's what I'm doing.
Yeah.
I was kidnapped in my native country of Africa from walking down the street.
And these white people came up and told me to get over here to America
and fold these damn envelopes.
It was like a carrot was being dangled in front of me personally all the time.
This thing could be big.
We were aware that we were sort of influencing other people.
That was exciting.
You didn't know who, but you could kind of tell other people,
like, what's that Bob thing you're doing?
I kind of wish I had found the Church of the Subgenius
when I was a teenager living in East Texas,
a little town where the state prison was.
You know, it was terrible.
There was nothing but Baptist churches everywhere,
which my family didn't go to, so we were sort of the oddballs.
What do you do to earn a living?
You mean work?
What the hell is the kind of work you have to do to earn a living?
All it does is fill the bellies of the pigs who exploit us.
They look at you and say, oh, you're not getting anything done.
You're a bum. You're a slacker. You're disengaged.
You know, all the put-downs that people throw at people
who seem to be living their own lives.
Who are kind of following their own passions.
What is this, some kind of psychic TV-type parallelism?
Well, we all know the psychic powers of the televised image,
but we need to capitalize on it and make it work for us
instead of us working for it.
That's a threat, you know. That's a threat to the conspiracy.
That's a threat to the mediocrity machine
that is the modern media.
That's a threat to the modern capitalist world.
Other creative people started coming into this church.
There was a guy who owned a record store in Amherst, Massachusetts.
I think he's the one that told me about the subgenius.
I was told at one point that I was the only person
who had paid his dues to the subgenius every single time they asked.
The effect they had on David Byrne,
the effect they had on the residents,
the effect they had on Paul Reubens,
even people who didn't know,
were building on subgenius tropes and sensibilities.
It was very flattering.
Some of these people were like our heroes,
and so to be recognized by your heroes,
it's a real ego boost, you know.
We actually got big heads and stuff.
There is a patrolman in Boston... Free the Anthropology 7.
...who has formed an organization called something like
the Patrolman's Friendship Association,
and the standard bearer and the emblem is a pig called Fuzzy.
And he says that Fuzzy the pig,
representing all the policemen and the people who like policemen,
is better than all the hippies.
Well, we work in this group manipulation program
and start with pigs, groups of pigs.
With any success, doctor?
No.
But it's just an experimental program,
so we expect some fallbacks before we can really get rolling with it.
And the government grants are gonna last us for years, so we don't care.
Is there any possible social use of the garbage?
No.
No social value there either?
The pigs eat it, but then they make more garbage.
That's right.
Although they're very clean little animals.
But the patients confronted with a gaggle of pigs,
find it difficult and interesting.
Doctor, can you tell me this?
Are you wearing those glasses because you think that I'm going to hit you?
No, Jim.
You have paranoid delusions.
Well, I can't believe that.
Let me see your hand.
What? No.
What?
Get your hand out of your pocket slowly.
I'm not going to hurt you.
Face the carpet. Just put your hands up.
I'm just talking about pigs, Jim.
Is that your pants leg? That's a third leg.
I'm just talking about pigs, Jim.
You must be a taper.
Jimmy.
All right. Okay.
Let's get back to pigs, gentlemen. Let's keep it civilized.
Well, we want to help him find his direction and growth.
Now, I'm at the polar extreme.
Who are the others?
We've been trying to find this out ever since the tenants of Freud
were thrown out of the building that he owned.
We're following a Newtonian science, represented, as you were, by the cow culture,
and it's long outdated.
Let's start our science with naturalistic observation of pigs.
Doctor, what you have said here has changed my life.
From now on, I think I'm going to have to make a drastic fallback
and turn around in a cybernetics.
In order to be able to just lick your shoes.
Thank God. Thank you, Jesus.
After all, I just like that.
I'd like to tell you right now, in front of this syndicated show,
and we're reaching 60 million listeners,
I would like to tell everybody that I love you, Doctor.
Jim, I think you have accomplished something important.
This is beautiful. This is real.
You've changed my life in a way in which I...
Can't you...
There it is, Jim.
Are you trying to...
Pigs, pigs, pigs.
I'm trying to come out of here.
...in a time when no one has anything to say.
Come on, come on, come on.
Boys and girls gathered here in the name of freedom,
I know some of you have hardly reached your 14th birthday.
Some of you are wearing those pearl cockled necklaces
given to you by your ancient grandfathers.
And we know the nuclear devices you will be carrying into town today
will cause you instant sainthood and martyrdom.
You will be lifted on high,
so there's no reason to cry, children.
Each one of you are a little bomb,
armed and ready to pop.
It's my baby calling, says I need you here.
Ah.
You think we can...
I don't.
Ah.
This is not gonna fit in here.
I feel like I could pop all night, baby.
I don't know if I can walk to town with this thing.
You're my radar love, hon.
Ugh.
The implantation devices make sure that each child
walks the straight and narrow path to his destination.
The objective or target as it is known at Control
is to make sure that each child removes itself as it removes the target,
so there are no witnesses and no disclaimers allowed past the curfew now.
So...
Well, I guess we'll have to wait and see.
I don't know.
What do you think, Dave, about the fact that...
Damn it, they're not even gonna hide anymore, are they?
No.
No, they're just right out there.
We're having an oil problem right now.
We're not making enough money to who knows what.
They're just not even gonna hide it anymore.
Nope.
They're just gonna rape everything they can in the four years they have.
Or only two, really,
because they know they're gonna lose it,
and they're gonna lose the Senate.
Oh, Jeb's son will be the next Bush emperor,
and then...
Jeb's son?
You mean the little Puerto Rican kid?
Yeah, yeah.
The one granddad called the little brown one?
His father called him the little brown one?
Yeah, George Bush Sr.
Oh, is that the little brown one?
The little brown one, right?
Well, I'm glad he's spreading his genes around
and kind of like one of the folks now, but...
That's good that you have a brown child.
I'm learning.
The more do I know now, the more I'm learning,







You know, I realized that I was serious
when it sunk in that I really was trying to learn Dutch
from that little Berlitz book.
You mean you're saying
you're actually thinking of repatriating fishies?
Well, you know...
Jor no vord.
...I don't want to be part of the Empire.
I know what you mean.
I don't want to be on the Death Star.
I know.
I grew up believing that America
was the rebel forces.
Lou, I was your father.
Of course, this is the Death Star, man.
Howdy, folks.
Come on down to America, Inc., where you'll be forced to pay for everything.
But it's not.
It's convenient, friends.
Ah, memories.
This is the most convenient.
Ah, memories.
They used to shoot at us.
Now they shoot near us.
Well, I heard about the more friendlier bullets that they're using on the kids these days.
Well, they don't think they were using friendly bullets in Cincinnati.
I heard they use the little bouncing bullets now.
Not in the West Bank of Gaza, they don't.
No, no.
They're using really lead bullets still.
Yes, there's still lead.
And even the Army.
What do you think about this?
The Army has switched to a bullet that is environmental friendly.
It's some sort of other, it's not lead.
It's biodegradable bullets.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
The family still has to pay for it.
So that we only kill humans, not the earth.
They probably got a big...
They probably got a big conservation tax break for that.
Yeah.
The idea, of course, being, you know, this is the way...
Think of the research that went into that.
Gentlemen, the world of the future will be a clean war.
A war that you and your children can stand to fight.
An effectively deadly bullet, but yet easy on the mind.
You know, somebody had to not repent.
Easy to mop up after.
In order for that bullet to be developed, somebody had to not repent or quit their job or slack off.
That's the age-correct way of thinking.
There was a point where somebody could have repented, quit their job and slack off,
and then somebody else would have had to develop that bullet.
Said, no, sign the check and put it in my rectum right here.
But instead of this, though, if I don't develop this bullet, somebody else is going to do it.
So I might as well not repent, quit my job or slack off.
I got to tell you guys something.
I'll be known as the guy who developed the environmental bullet.
The environmental bullet.
Yeah.
You know, the guy in the Doobie Brothers who's supposedly a missile defense expert?
Bend over and spread them, baby.
Here comes my...
Environmentally...
Cool...
Bullet.
Thank God I've been shot.
I can almost see the future of America as my life oozes out here on the sidewalk.
Thank God for the safe, clean bullet that just ended me.
Ended you?
Did I?
Did you end?
Did I end at that moment?
No, you know, we have a friend who was in a band who's kind of like...
Here's a song.
It's just important.
It's important today.
Why aren't kids, like, marching and stuff?
For what?
Yeah, they're not shooting them yet.
Stop.
Once they start shooting them, they're going to go...
No, no, but you're thinking of the old America.
This is America Incorporated.
Right.
We don't actually...
I mean, come on, man.
Do I have to spell it out as many of my employers?
There are no disagreements in corporate America.
Come on now.
Get with the program.
Read from the same page and remember the talking points.
Point number one.
Things are better than they've ever been.
And worse.
All the kids know today is they want their job.
Well, that's all there is.
There's the job and there's...
Endless drudgery.
The life.
Death.
Well, sort of.
And the job and...
Well, the job.
I'm not going to rock the boat.
I want the job.
Chaz, you told me you were not only going to rock the boat, that you were going to rocket butt that boat right into another world.
Rocket butt that rocket boat.
I mean, I'm just...
You're getting wanted to go.
You're wanting to really climb on there and go to a world where people actually think normal or something.
I don't know.
Yeah, definitely.
It's becoming very important to build that rocket.
To get off.
To get off.
To get off.
I mean, very, very, very important now.
Yep.
I want to get off.
I don't want to stick around here.
I just did buy a house in Cleveland.
I'm building my own Amsterdam.
Yeah, about to keep it right there.
You also built yourself.
A nice canal boat in your mind.
Do you know?
With the little hair and green thing in the front.
You know.
I'm also learning foreign languages so that they'll let me go there.
Are you learning Enochian babbling?
Well, I've been living in my house for five years.
And for five years, I've been installing each day.
I dig out a little area in the foundation area.
Trying to put in another composite rocket motor.
So the house is about two-thirds.
Two-thirds now.
Completely surrounded and strapped with rocket motors.
So in another year or two.
But the timing is so fiendishly important, dude.
So devilishly tricky to get every rocket to go off at once.
What happens if half of them go off and the other half don't?
Oh, you have a kind of...
You've got a tilted house, dude.
Really?
The Mish Fire is just going to send that thing...
Might end up in Arkansas.
Well, you would hope it would end up in Arkansas.
Well, I'm not in the middle of Lake Erie.
It doesn't matter.
As long as I reach seven miles per second in any direction,
that'll be...
Even down.
I'll be able to get Earth orbit.
Chaz, I'm afraid you don't want to go seven minutes per second in any...
I mean, seven seconds...
You know, that speed in all general directions,
because that would be...
You would be exploding up if you were, you know, not ahead of direction.
It can't happen here.
It can't happen here.
I've been checking it out for a while, baby.
I'm telling you, my dear, that it can't.
Happen here.
Cream cheese.
I've been checking it out.
Did it.
Checked it out a couple times.
Yeah, it's happening here right now,
and as we watch the sun go down on our democratic freedoms,
the freedoms that we've taken for granted for so long...
Oh, no, but we still have all those freedoms.
They're even more convenient than ever, as long as you...
As long as you tow the line.
And left out in the back for...
Three or four days until everything's nice and...
As long as you want what they want, you can have anything you want.
We want what they want.
But I want what Bob wants.
I want what we all want.
I want a worldwide cataclysm.
I want chocolate pudding delivered to me by aliens,
and I want some female chocolate pudding delivered as frequently as possible,
as the old salivary glands can move.
Sometimes they...
They don't move.
Of course, that's not the first part of it.
That's the end of it.
The first part is much more laconic and obscure.
I mean...
Well, that's more artistic, you know,
when you're obscure and hard to understand.
That's more artful.
And, you know, Dave, if we were a little more artful,
we'd probably be getting paid a little better.
But instead, we're...
You just...
Low-grade showbiz clowns.
We might as well be the guys who do the showbiz.
The guys that sweep up behind the elephants at the circus, you know?
Well, we do that, too.
The dwarfs with the little pooper scoopers.
Well, we also do do that.
Yeah.
I mean, at least I've been going back.
I don't know.
Some people think they're too good to work.
But, you know, as long as I'm getting a paycheck,
I don't mind what tumbles out of there.
I've seen worse things, and I've picked up worse things.
You've stuck your arm all the way up worse places than where that came from.
Yes, that is true.
I don't want to go into the...
Grim details.
You tried to get your head all the way up into worse places, but I...
I was almost a microcephalic baby from that incident.
And I was almost returned to my native home in Canada
and buried alive there for the whole incident.
It was just...
I don't know.
In London, it struck a compromise.
That's in England, you know.
Dodger Stadium, it struck out.
In Munich, it struck out.
In Munich, it struck out.
It struck first.
Take your head down.
Chaz is trying to bring back the fake rebellion of the 60s,
which, of course, was actually co-opted from the very beginning.
Okay, you start.
The John Lennon glasses were trademarked before John Lennon was even born.
Well, Jack Kerouac and Cassidy and all those guys...
It was all planned out ahead of time.
...were actually mind-controlled.
...were actually mind-controlled for quite some time.
Yeah, but what good did it do?
Not a damn thing.
It was early in the morning.
The energy was so, so weak.
The poor people below could hardly stand to look up.
Their necks were craning, but still, it looked like it was...
Wait.
This is...
Dave, you're stuck in the 60s, man.
No, man, I'm not stuck in the...
Get with it, dude.
It's the 90s.
No, wait.
I need reading glasses.
It's the aughties or the zeros or the...
Yeah, it's the new...
It's the modern age.
What is that feeling?
It's contemporary.
It's new.
It's now.
It's water.
...mustles rise up in your neck, and the back of your brain...
Knock, knock.
...tingles like there's a little teeny...
A chameleon in the back of your neck.
What is that feeling when your shoes drop off as you're walking down the street and they wave goodbye to you?
What is that feeling?
What is that feeling?
We hope you've enjoyed it half as much...
What's that blue stain in your undies?
Have you been keeping bad company again?
Have you been hanging with old...
who hang too far.
Yesterday I bought a new car.
Today I bought a new horn for it.
Herb Alpert.
You know, the sick thing is
Rowan and Martin's laugh-in
was actually kind of
the hippest thing going at the time.
I can hardly afford to buy my groceries.
Horrible nauseas
possessed us in the morning.
First a chilling feeling
that Dean was not going to go on.
His arms were too scrawny.
His ears, well, his ears
were full of gray.
If the ship hits the sand.
It's yellow matter.
Yellow matter's coming out of his ears.
All of a sudden,
then...
I put out all the lights
and played Robert Goody.
No, said Bill.
I've been standing here
for three hours
with my panties upside down
and no one's noticed.
Dean hopped up about
convulsively,
anxiously pulling on his arms.
It made me wonder
if the college boy had thanked him.
Or what he was trying to do
with all the strange,
strange radio equipment.
No, actually, it's in Idaho.
Would you mind saying that again?
Idaho?
That's frightfully interesting.
We pronounce it Ohio.
Oh, I've always wanted
to make a cowboy.
I mean, meet a cowboy.
Really?
Really?
I yelled across the river.
Well, you won't see me
too for a two.
Yeah, there was a mist
and men are tonight
and the streetlights
didn't come on the freeway
till Vine Street
and me and an old friend
were talking about
Allegheny and pulling boats.
There was people
hanging themselves down steps,
I guess,
but mostly good things.
Good things.
And hello, JD.
Hello, Robbie.
Hello, everyone.
My parents say
I don't know what good
clean fun is.
And they're right.
I don't know what good it is.
The spasms lasted
for three and a half hours.
By the time we got grandmother
all quiet,
it down.
She still had somehow
gotten it into her brain
that grandma was going to grandpa.
I'm sorry, grandpa.
She had the right idea.
It's just a shame
that polygamy never caught on
among the married people
of this country.
Hey, I, I, I, I.
I don't want polygamies.
They can't help it
if they're not tall.
Hey, did you have a joke
on Larfin last week
about holding pig meat
in your nostrils?
The long arm has gone through
and brought back one
that we could slip
under the door.
Oh, I couldn't have said it
better myself.
Hey, how about that?
Your name's in big lights
up there on that marquee.
So is mine.
Yeah.
This man was confused.
He was pointing
and asking questions
and I just couldn't answer what...
I had no idea
what he was talking about.
We really learned the three R's.
Reading, writing, and rhythm.
Specifics, barking,
and playing with ourselves.
These are the new rules.
This is the new regimen
for a new human race.
One that will not only
conquer the stars
but conquer the bars.
With the waiting thud
of their own furry feet,
they'll smash down every door
and you'll be behind it,
standing there, guarding,
standing tall for America.
Really?
That really moves me, Dave.
I'm so glad that...
It's just a tear gas.
...you can't say
such a sincere...
Oh, man.
It's a tear gas
in the mind control, man.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I'm crying.
Oh, man.
Get it together, man.
It sounds like
Mambo music.
You're on the air.
Come on.
Come on.
None of this emotional baloney.
Get it...
Hey, guys.
You know, I was wondering
the funny thing
about doing a late night show
like this.
You know, a lot of, you know,
really out there callers.
Last night,
little Jimmy Spliff
called three times
and he was, you know,
doing his own variety
of rocket science.
But here at the, you know,
the Kingdom Dome,
there's a lot of complaints.
You know, we've had problems before,
but we're gonna hang in there
as long as we can.
I mean, as far as I'm concerned,
the gallows have been built,
so let's keep hanging.
And nobody's gonna...
Nobody's gonna come back.
Nobody's gonna talk about your shoes
or say that, you know,
you left the eggs in there too long
or there's just, you know,
some problem with you.
You know, everyone's gonna
just be cool with that.
Hey, who were you hot for
on the Laugh-In,
Rowan and Martin Laugh-In show?
I liked Goldie Hawn.
Chaz.
Yeah, I figured you'd be
the Goldie Hawn,
but there was Judy Karn,
which is a little cute English chick.
Nah.
I liked Joanne.
Joanne Worley.
Me too, man.
I was really into...
I understand.
She was kind of...
Kind of large and...
Kind of heavy-boned
and loud and obnoxious,
but that wide, wide, wide mouth
just invoked...
The Queen of Hearts look.
You like that Queen of Hearts look
off with their heads
and referring to your structures
down there?
Yeah, I don't know what it is.
I don't...
I can't put the two and two together.
Her laugh was just very infectious.
There's no doubt about it.
I wonder where she's at now
and how large and old.
Well, she's in the old actor's home
in Pasadena, California.
Sitting out in the backyard
watching the Cupid pee in the pond.
Yeah, she's had her last turkey sandwich
for today, though.
She's going back in sight
for her meds.
Does that little boy ever finish peeing?
Or does he just be that forever?
Hasta la semana próxima.
Keep your back to the wind.
Keep your hat tight.
Keep your hat tight.


Hasta la semana que viene.
Hasta la semana que viene.
Quedan tus cajones en el...
¡Adiós!
Purple haze all in my brain
Little things just don't seem the same
I'm acting funny, but I don't know why
Excuse me while I kiss the sky
Ba-dum-dum-dum, ba-dum-dum-dum
Purple haze all around
Don't know if I'm going up or down
Am I happy, am I in misery
Whatever it is that girl put her smell on me
Ba-dum-dum-dum, ba-dum-dum-dum
Oh, purple baby, purple baby
Purple haze
Ba-dum-dum-dum, ba-dum-dum-dum
Purple haze all around
I'm acting funny, but I don't know why
Excuse me while I kiss the sky
Ba-dum-dum-dum, ba-dum-dum-dum
Purple haze all around
Don't know if I'm going up or down
Ba-dum-dum-dum, ba-dum-dum-dum
Purple haze all around
Ba-dum-dum-dum, ba-dum-dum-dum
Yeah, purple haze all around my eyes
Can't tell you if it's day or night, baby
You got me blowing, you're blowing my mind
Is it a tomorrow or just the end of time?
Ba-dum-dum-dum, ba-dum-dum-dum
Oh, purple baby, purple baby
Oh, purple baby, purple baby
Oh, purple haze
Yeah, oh, purple haze
Yeah, oh, purple haze
Yeah, oh, purple haze
All right
The Psychoskeletons
A real oldie and before that
ESO Swamp Radio with Professor Chaz
and Lonesome Cowboy Dave and me
Ivan Stagg from May 2001
And ancient Firesign Theatre
from dope humor of the 70s
Mostly that's their old radio shows
that they did in Los Angeles
or was it San Francisco?
Anyway, and also we played excerpts
stretches of soundtrack from Sandy Boone's documentary film
about the Church of the Subgenius
everything about what you might possibly want to know
being at subgenius.com
There is no O in subgenius
Praise Bob
That does have an O in it
From PR News in Washington
I'm described in letters sent to the House Intelligence Committee on Friday and Friday
First reported in the PR Report
Bob told PR
The administration does not want to help end what he calls PR News, Washington
Police in Germany have arrested the head of PR
