I met Bob when he came in the door when I came in the door to service today and Bob was was
formerly bound by the powers of darkness to a terrible degree whatever he says he gets a funny
feeling down inside when he sees the Boy Scouts and YMCA and they were doing these crazy things
of course that's just the start thank goodness that you know nobody I knew was there because
I thought I'd never going to another one of these as long as I live I mean you know and he was a
little nervous too when they grabbed his hands you know it was like this is not what we're used to
but we learned a long time ago is that you become with the people you associate with and so he
started associating with people in this business and I began to see the changes you know body was
a good person in a good way and I think that's what I'm going to do for the rest of my life.
I started seeing the change of staying away from the people that he was hanging around with and
looking forward to the future and so I started getting a glimpse of what this business had to
offer. So will all you goonie birds answering this description please stand up you misfits in this
brave new age you dismally disorganized improperly apologetic ghosts of the past stand up stand up
and be counted.
You've been listening to the subgenius radio ministry
hour of slack for free information write to p.o box 181 417 Cleveland Heights Ohio 44118 or see
www.subgenius.com praise bob
we have baby bear here why are you playing with us
I'm playing some hackneyed recording of her adorable I don't want to wear her out man it's a whole it's a long sentence she did it live y'all missed it man here's that little tag at the end of hours of slack when we forget to do it live it cuts to baby bear doing this after all the loud horrible noise and bombastic
and yelling by me and Dave and whoever then there's a little tiny baby boom
p.o box 181 417 Cleveland Heights Ohio 44118 or see www.subgenius.com praise bob we have baby bear here why are you playing with us
I'm playing some hackneyed recording of her adorable I don't want to wear her out man it's a whole it's a long sentence she did it live the other day it was great well for the video version we have to have her burst through a big paper ring and wave at the audience as she says it yes okay oh we're starting a show sorry all right now we're beginning the new show of the generations of show the 631st show in the time of mortal men shortly before the rupture and the econo cataclysm will be on the air soon.

when the red fire and smoldering clouds outbreak one pipe to rule them all and in the darkness bind yes the dottle from Bob's pipe falls aloft from aloft on the roofs of the innocent and guilty alike and the wads of his wattle drape down upon those he is biting I think you're thinking of that ceremony in front of me.
I'm thinking of that ceremony in front of me.
I'm thinking of that ceremony in front of me.
I'm thinking of that ceremony in front of me.
I'm thinking of that ceremony in front of me.
I'm thinking of that ceremony in front of me.
I'm thinking of that ceremony in front of me.
I'm thinking of that ceremony in front of me.
how much ag 와кие
ThatAccture heaven
Mata

I already got a
let all of a sudden
I see


All at one of these days.
in the subgenius auction juggernaut.
Oh, Bessie still has one more limb.
Yes.
You know, I did receive Modemax's jacket in the mail today,
which was very surprising,
but one would hate to auction off such a thing,
particularly since it fits me fairly well.
I painted a picture of Bob in acrylic paint on this jacket.
He hired me to do it, and it still looks pretty good.
And he took his jacket off?
Well, today a big package arrived,
and instead of being plastic dinosaurs,
it was this package.
It was pretty strange.
We're in this little house up the top of the hill.
The house on the hill, dearie.
And this redneck cannibal pickup pulls up and honks,
and we're going, oh, no, what's going on now?
That was what that honking was.
I wondered what honking was.
Our hostess runs out and gets a package,
and it's from my P.O. box, but it's from J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Right.
It's on the outside.
Bob Dobbs.
Motomac just wanted to make sure if it didn't get to me,
it would get back to Stang,
because he's through with subgenius, mister.
He washes his hands of the entire slimy mass
of puelulating subgeniuses.
And to prove it, the jacket that he commissioned and paid for
that I painted with a great deal of labor
is now in my possession.
And if I were truly uncaring about this,
I would auction that jacket off.
I would auction that jacket off at the Bull Dada auction.
But I can actually wear it.
I think I know what happened.
What?
Bob himself killed Motomac, took the jacket,
thought it would look better on you.
He does that.
Because it really was from Bob Dobbs.
Well, that's what it said.
I wonder what the ladies of the post office would say.
Yeah, the post office.
I wonder if he talked to them.
They're not going to put up with any malarkey, that's for sure.
Mary sure won't.
She is tough.
I know the lady.
I, you know, when you're, when you do mail order,
religion for a living,
you have to try to be good buddies with the ladies
that work at the post office.
The crap you bring in, oh yeah.
I've gotten to know all those ladies by name,
and it always is ladies.
And they are grumpy.
God.
They may be to you, Stan.
They're always ready to go postal.
But they like me because I always prepare
a nice looking package.
And they see it and they went,
oh, look at that.
Look at all the time he took.
Got his package.
Now when they see me coming,
that means either their robo self-serve machine
has broken down again,
or I've got a bunch of overseas stuff.
Because it's tricky to send stuff overseas.
And about a third of our business is overseas.
Gosh.
There's a lot of Englishman Australians.
Staying, approaching.
But yeah, they have to retype.
Thanks, Chaney.
You.
You're sending it to Oranshan Kuchboz.
The postal people have to,
even though I have already written the address
on the thing and on the customs form,
they have to type it into their machine
and also surreptitiously get a picture of me
in case I'm Osama bin Laden in disguise.
With that beard.
You know, you're sending a mysterious package
over to Wadaladaland or something.
And they think that it might contain
volatiles, decaying food products,
gunpowder, pornography.
Reptiles.
Reptiles.
Does this package contain any explosives,
poisons, toxins, anthrax,
lizards, spiders, deodorant, batteries?
But they can say it so fast.
It's unbelievable.
They've had practice.
And they have to say it every time.
Well, no wonder they don't like it.
We all understand that it's a ritual.
They draw straws when they see
a tiny stang sidling up to the window.
That is just about right.
No, I've tried.
I've drawn straws.
I try to go to Lisa's window
instead of Mary's or the other ones
because Lisa claims that she does
all that stuff later.
I think she just blows it off.
But she gets them through much faster.
I am speaking truly.
And although I was joking,
if you make the package look nice,
which means they don't have to do anything to it,
they love you.
Because people,
bring in unwrapped things and paper
and act helpless.
And so they have to do the whole thing.
Kids aren't taught how to mail things anymore.
And you have to reinforce the corners
with postal adhesive tape and all this stuff.
And when you do that right,
they just love the look of a traditional package.
And all barriers in your way.
They sweep away.
And if you don't have quite the amount of postage,
well, we can let it go this time.
That package looks so nice.
What?
Oh, yes.
Of course,
I'm not dealing with the true post office per se,
but with the mailing center near my house,
a block away from it.
And they deal with other things than the U.S. post office.
And actually,
they're also a store that sells ramen and things like that.
That's in my neighborhood.
San Francisco is truly the land of fruits and nuts.
Yes.
That's the craziest thing I've ever heard of.
Yes, it is.
Ramen selling post office.
I wouldn't eat that ramen for nothing.
Isn't this the biggest rubber band ball in the world
still around the corner from me?
Sadly, no.
That rubber band ball is no longer there.
That was ramen.
You see, it was being assembled by the harassed operators
of this Arab grocery store, Billy and Sammy.
And for a while, they even had a painting of them outside,
none too well executed,
showing them standing by the 6,000 pound rubber band ball.
This would be a rubber band ball like this.
And it said, you know, 6,000 blah, blah, blah.
It had the exact weight and said,
wow, Billy and Sammy.
But then Billy and Sammy grew sour on the enterprise
because the huge rubber band ball is much heavier than it looks
since the interior is being compressed by the exterior constantly.
The interior is under pressure and is actually liquid rubber.
And the whole thing is massively heavy.
It's vile.
And if an earthquake ever happened,
this monster would start bouncing around
and do more damage as it went down the street.
That would be so cool.
It would be like a super ball the size of the Statue of Liberty's head.
That's exactly what it was.
Bouncing down the hill in San Francisco.
They also used to make other rubber band balls in the store
about basketball size or larger
to publicize the big rubber band ball that they had.
But it turned out another Arab grocery store
had made an even bigger rubber band ball.
And this put them in such an evil situation.

They put a blanket over it.
And if someone came in and wanted to take a selfie
with the giant rubber band ball,
No! You can't take the picture!
No! Buy something or you have to go!
And eventually they gave up the store.
And a younger, hipper generation runs it
that has Greek yogurt and other things
but they no longer have the giant rubber band ball.
And they never mention it.
And they always deflect conversation
if conversation happens to them.
Well, at least they avoided a giant rubber band ball jihad.
It could have happened.
Actually, you can deal with these things piece by piece.
They made chains, endless chains of rubber bands
which they wrapped around and around it
and it grew to monstrous dimensions.
And in order to keep it spherical,
the pressure on the outside is about the same
and the inside is under tremendous pressure indeed.
The whole thing, huge, heavy.
I can't wait for that earthquake!
I can. Unless it's right under Silicon Valley.
Hey, have you seen the movie?
The movie San Andreas?
The movie San Andreas with the rock?
Yeah, I heard about it.
I didn't see the movie. I heard about it.
I can't wait to see it.
I read the Cinefax article on it.
Yet another movie where the Golden Gate Bridge falls down.
Do you have any idea how many movies have shown that recently?
At the beginning of Pacific Rim,
it happens in the first 30 seconds of the movie.
Right.
People are afraid to go over it now.
It's been in so many movies.
There's probably a plug-in that the studios just sell to each other.
It's the Destroy Golden Gate Bridge plug-in.
Well, one might ask why there are so many popular movies
whose subject is the end of everything, the apocalypse.
Duh! Trying to compete with Bob!
Exactly. The conspiracy version.
Which offers mindless popcorn munching thrills,
but doesn't explain why it's happening
or the appropriateness of it happening.
Which you're supposed to intuit anyway.
And they make it all about some big ex-football player
trying to pick up his kids by helicopter.
During the whole thing,
those beautiful kids are in the middle of this,
and I'm not going to stop it.
While thousands of people are dying and screaming,
and falling,
I've got to get those kids!
But of course, that's the way it would be.
That is what you would do.
You wouldn't care about those thousands being...
Every X-Day there's a movie like that.
Yeah?
The end of the world movie.
The most egregious one was Independence Day,
which I think was, was that 96?
Well, what about 2015 or 2014 or whatever it was?
2012.
2012?
The day after tomorrow.
The thing of John Cusack is running,
and behind him the Earth is caving in,
and horrible things are happening.
When he slows down, it's still happening,
but now it's moving at his pace.
And then when he speeds up, the destruction comes.
It's always the same distance away, you notice.
But of course, that doesn't happen with everyone.
What is this year's blockbuster,
keep-em-away-from-Wisteria Hollywood movie?
Would it be the new Mad Max movie?
Well, that one came out like a month ago.
Everyone's still yakking about it, though.
Has San Andreas come out?
Because that would be a...
San Andreas was the giant earthquake movie
where both San Francisco and Los Angeles are destroyed.
They closed down my local theater because I never went.
Because I steal from mom-and-pop Hollywood multinational corporations.
Because he sits at home in his pajamas,
killing monsters, and movies are going extinct.
No, well, I get, I watch all the hit movies.
As soon as they come out on Redbox,
they also come out,
they float down the media ditch on the internet.
But how long is this...
You just find these movies laying there, unused.
You might as well pick them up.
How long is this a sustainable model?
You know, when is this going to die from being top-heavy?
Well, when the conspiracy gets smarter,
but then the pirates will get smarter yet.
It'll just go on and on and on.
Meanwhile, kids at home are making cool movies on their computers.
Right.
It sure is easier to rethink sound these days.
Like Escape from City 17.
I only watch movies with dead people in them.
I've noticed that.
Those are the only ones you can remember, right?
I heart dead folks.
Uh...
Uh...
Well, think about it this way.
Everybody who's in a new movie is gonna be dead.
Can you catch up with all those Marvel movies later?
Oh, oh, what's...
Well, no, you'll be dead.
Oh, oh.
By the time those actors are dead.
We don't...
Oh, I hope that's...
Hopefully.
Oh!
My parents would watch Saturday Night at the Movies
and argue about the actors on screen.
No, that's Myrna Loy.
No, it's, uh, you know, uh...
Agnes Moorhead.
They didn't have M to both.
No, I tell you, it's, uh, it's Myrna Loy.
We were progressive because my dad rigged up a special device
which he attached to the back of the TV,
and you could click it like a lamp switch
and turn off the noise of the commercials.
Wow.
Princess Wee's uncle invented such a thing himself.
We had that back in the 60s.
Professor Farnsworth invented the thing-longer,
where you could change the volume on your TV
from across the room.
Professor Farnsworth actually invented the TV.
I have a stick. I used that.
Well, this is the later Professor Farnsworth.
Not Philo T. Farnsworth?
No, this was what, uh, the Professor Farnsworth on Futurama.
Oh, that Professor Farnsworth.
The descendant of the original.
He invented the remote control.
Uh-huh.
It was a new kind of remote control, the thing-longer.
That was in one of the first Futurama episodes,
and I was hooked from then on.
I actually took a length of bamboo
and put some tape on the end to increase the traction
so that I could just sprawl in my bed
and turn on the tape deck.
You're as brilliant as Professor Farnsworth on Futurama.
Yeah.
Who has stricken the Falzheimers horribly.
Stick technology.
The stick is my favorite simple machine.
Don't try to remember anything.
You'll just forget it five minutes later.
When you need a stick and you don't have one, you're stuck.
I liked the Slurm episode.
Oh.
It spoke to me personally.
Well, yeah.
Since I'm forced to drink all these artificial drinks
because of my medical condition,
I wanted some of that special Slurm, too.
Yeah, I've noticed these special drinks you have to have
because of your medical condition.
That Wild Turkey 101.
Yeah, I gotta drink it all the time, Doc.
Yeah.
Or else I really...
He's got a real conditioned condition.
I'll do the scene after I take my medicine.
I got blood pressure.
Um, yes.
Well, that isn't gonna happen.
It was supposed to be in an independent movie
and it was canceled.
So I won't be doing that scene after all.
Yeah, Dr. Hal occasionally appears in movies and video games.
In crappy movies you've never heard of.
And never will.
But Alex Cox was gonna be in this one.
Wasn't there one called Rise Up or something?
Oh, yeah.
Did they ever pay you for that?
Only in memories.
So much...
We're now back talking about old movies.
And I suppose we've already mentioned
The Octopus in this context.
Ever seen that one?
The Octopus?
No.
Well, that's the most...
The title is Shhh! with S-H-H at the beginning?
S-H-H-H exclamation point The Octopus.
That sounds...
That's a good title.
And it stars...
Sure it's not...
Wait a minute.
That implies that you have to be quiet
or the octopus will hear you.
The octopus will get you
because the movie is set in a lighthouse
and behind the secret panels the octopus is there
and he can reach out and grab you.
But also...
Porno.
Confusingly,
there is a secret criminal organization...
The head of which is known as The Octopus.
And everyone wonders who is The Octopus.
Or maybe he's The Octopus.
Maybe he's The Octopus.
Two dimwitted detectives are sent to investigate naturally.
One is Hugh Herbert.
Remember him with woo woo woo?
That guy?
Woo woo?
Hugh woo woo Herbert?
And in the end...
Well, I shouldn't give a spoiler alert but...
The Octopus...
I'm going to do it.
No one's going to see this movie.
The Octopus turns out to be...
You're kidding.
A sweet old lady who cleans the floors.
Suddenly she cackles and in one shot
turns into a hideous monstrous hag.
And this is ingeniously done.
While she's talking,
she turns into this horrible thing.
And they did it in the same way they turned Dr. Jekyll into Mr. Hyde
in the 1933 Ruben Mamoulian version.
I'm trying to figure out how to stop doing that.
They painted the makeup on the woman's face
in red paint.
But the movie is in black and white.
And they put a red filter over the camera.
So while she's doing her scene,
they whip off the red filter
or take it off slowly and gradually.
Even while she's moving around,
these things appear on her face.
And her teeth become snaggly.
And she's, of course, aiding this with her performance.
They didn't even use CGI?
How is that possible?
It's an analog effect.
And boy, is it a beauty.
That's the Octopus.
I recommend it.
And then there's also the movie Earthworm Tractors
starring Joe E. Brown.
You remember Joe E. Brown.
Oh my God.
Everybody remembers Joe E. Brown.
The guy on Car 54.
Where are you?
Who would go, ooh, ooh.
That guy.
Oh, I hear he was a terrible person.
Well, he may have been.
But he's the star of this movie,
which is all about how earthworms pull tractors or something.
Actually, I haven't caught up with that movie.
How can we make a subgenius movie now that that guy's dead?
And John Kelly.
And Cara Deen.
And who else?
Is Bruce Dern still around?
Barely.
But what we have to do is...
But Cara Deen Stanton.
Harry Dean Stanton.
Oh God.
There's no point even thinking about a subgenius movie without Harry Dean Stanton.
It's got to be Harry Dean.
You can create digital analogs of all these characters.
And their estates will only need to receive a tiny pittance.
Oh yeah, right.
And if they don't want the pittance, then we can tweak it.
And so it's almost Harry Dean Stanton.
And then it's just like my parents advertising, I mean, arguing as though they were the only

characters they watched Saturday night at the movies.
I tell you, that's Harry Dean Stanton.
No, it's not really.
That's Victor Majore.
No, it's...
No.
No.
So it wouldn't be Harry Dean Stanton.
Well, when we do the giant big budget subgenius movie, Bob Dobbs, of course, would be done
with performance capture.
Because you can't photograph the real Bob.
And if you use an actor, then you've got the Sean Connery problem.
The Johnny Weissmuller problem.
They've got you over a barrel.
The uncanny valley.
But in Bob's case, that's perfect.
That's what you want.
You want the uncanny valley where Bob is concerned.
But now the whole cast is going to be like that.
Because Harry Dean Stanton's going to have to be CGI and Joey Brown.
Or that movie about redneck car racers where one redneck car racer died in a crash.
They CGI'd him.
Yeah, they made an analog, they made a computer version of him, which they ingeniously...
ingeniously slipped into the movie.
But again, you have the uncanny valley.
So it's between accepting him as the real person and as a digital effect.
It just...
There's something that can't be crossed there.
So far.
But beetle-browed scientists are working on it now to close it ever closer.
Now, I like the uncanny valley.
I do too.
Now, what was that movie...
It's hard to climb out of it.
They recently made a movie.
Was it the age of Ultron?
Where they had a character, Paul Bettany, who they started with the uncanny valley.
They started at the other end and tried to make the actual person less human with all the computer effects and so forth and so on.
Right.
They wanted him to look not quite close enough to human to sell it.
So couldn't you take a guy, an actor, you know, put dots on his face and, well, do I have to draw you a picture?
I mean...
You already did, Hal.
Okay.
All right.
So that's the way it'll be done.
Mark my words.
There was a TV commercial that had the George Washington from the dollar bill in riding around the back of cars and doing things.
With Ben Franklin.
Was it Ben Franklin or George Washington?
That was Franklin and Washington.
Oh.
It was kind of green and dot patterned and he always had his head to the correct angle pretty much.
So it had that goofy effect you get when you add a Dobbs head to any picture and the Dobbs head is always looking at you as the body is going back and forth.
But those who have actually experienced a meeting with Dobbs found that that was true.
Every time they looked at him, he was looking directly at them and you never saw him in profile.
I never saw him in profile even when he was shot.
I could just look straight on.
Probably rolled him over onto his stomach and his head remained pointed straight up, grinning.
Yeah, he was in a bad way at that time.
Even with that broken pipe.
He was in a bad way.
The pipe was broken but this is all a trauma of many years ago.
Well, it was the first time but it wasn't the last time.
No.
But it was near the last time because Bob put kind of a lot of effort into it.
Yeah, he was coming to subgenius shows, you'll notice.
Yes.
Every time, it got to be a tradition of shooting him.
Well.
I don't blame him, you know.
I mean, it's hard to stand up to hot lead despite the allure of show business.
Well, is it time for us to...
He learned a trick from Superman.
People would shoot at him and the bullets would just bounce off but when they threw a gun at him, he'd duck.
Yeah.
They'd run out of bullets and throw the gun and Bob would duck.
It's just, you know, to...
And then endless fist fights with their hats on.
It was impervious to bullets but not to the gun.
Beating the bejesus out of each other.
Yes, it's true.
Well, we have received some gorillas and demons forms and perhaps before this show is over, we should deal with them or I leave it to you whether or not we postpone, table this agenda until a future iteration.
Well, no, no.
We have a female voice here.
Are there any that are especially feminine that would sound better than Susan?
I think one of them is feminine.
As a matter of fact, when I read them, it seemed...
Oh, I always get stuck doing the ghetto voices.
You don't want to do a female gorilla?
Well, I'll do a female.
Do this one.
There's a gorilla and a demon.
Here's a gorilla is female in that one.
So, we are going to read now from the gorilla and demon forms which have been submitted.
If you're interested in channeling your own gorilla and demon, these forms are available at the table.
So, now we'll hear the complaint of gorilla number one.
Oh.
That's you.
My roommate is a dillweed.
He thinks sex is love.
My aunt is a dillweed.
She mocked Reverend so and so and he proposed to me.
My stepmother is a dillweed.
She left my dad and now he has to sell his house.
That doesn't sound very gorilla-like.
But that's okay.
Maybe you haven't known that many shows.

She gorillas.
My roommate, dillweed, thinks sex is love.
You could let Evil Susie do that.
Shall Evil Susie do the demon remark at the bottom?
The gorilla remark is at the top.
I'm afraid there won't be enough slack.
Even while I already have it.
I have to protect everyone from myself.
Some days it's too hard to fight to be myself.
Well, there you go.
What things have people said about you that you don't like?
Things that made you think or feel badly about yourself.
Yes.
Well, somebody has a gorilla inside them that says,
These goddamn honkies keep paging me.
Seriously.
I have to pay $19.99 per month to keep a pager service.
I hate all these secret codes.
They try to be secret agent asshole.
Jesus tit-licking son of Mary and Joseph.
And what's available other than...
Belt clips.
I don't even wear a belt.
What gorilla ever did except...
Fucking cock shit.
Except King Kong and you know how that turned out.
What a foul-mouthed gorilla.
Yeah.
And then the demon.
Oh, all right.
I'll have to do the demon at the bottom of the page.
I hope it was one of y'all that did these.
Please tell me more about deluxe carpet shampooing packages.
Are these carp waffles for sale?
May I be rude and ask you about that mole on your pubis mons?
Where has all the dish soap gone?
Is there any sense in trying to repair vintage leather when you only own woolen scarves?
Friends.
Finally something that made sense to me.
Let the demons and gorillas inside you out.
Set them free by filling out these little forms.
Just choose a demon and gorilla form available over there at the swag table.
Demons and gorillas would be really good roasted.
Here at subgenius mind control experiment number 2203 at Exist Harvest Point training course annual subgenius migration to the Ohio breeding grounds.
Think how many burgers you could get out of one gorilla.
You know, these things come from elementary school.
Some elementary school teacher came to Ex Day and dropped off one or two of these forms and I was photocopying them ever since.
She gets little bastards to be quiet by having them fill out gorilla and demon forms.
There's another one where you end and it starts with some sort of nursery rhyme thing and you're supposed to end it.
It just now occurred to me.
Maybe these are done to ferret out child abuse.
Oh no.
Say if the kid says, come on, you know, sonny boy.
Let old father, let old father Mike show you what's under me cassock.
Ah, that's what the evil demon says, would say, you know, and the kid would write down the disturbing things that really came from, you know, father O'Malley.
Then they bring out the puppet.
Then they.
Then they can start the cover up and protect father O'Malley.
Did father Flannilton touch you there?
Anyway, these, you know, just for fun.
If you have nothing else to do, fill out your gorilla and demon form.
Well, so from these, we've learned that one person has serious, was traumatized by the dill weeds in their family.
Yes, that rich dill weed and his aunt.
And here's a person who still might have slack, but.
Just doesn't have slack anyway.
And but that's pretty common.
That's, you know, I think there's a slit personality involved.
Tell it to dear Abby.
Not a split slit.
This person's gorilla simply doesn't like the pager service.
Well, no one likes to be paid.
This one has a lot of problems and has a mole on a pubis mons.
So we can friends.
We need to know who did this.
It's someone with a reverse mons pubis.
Why don't you just drop them britches now?
It might not be a mole.
We need to be sure about that.
We're doctors.
God, that's horrible.
What are we sinking to?
I don't know.
But now we've disposed of the gorilla and demon forms.
So we need to move on to new business.
And here it is.
Oh, can we get a mic down into the audience?
Yes, we can.
Yes, we can go all Oprah here.
Princess Wee, knowing that I can't hear anything in headphones, said, Mom and I have a bawdy piece prepared.
Could we bring a mic to the audience?
Yes.
See, if you undo this magic cord, this thing becomes a big, long, hard to manage mess.
Big, long, hard.
It'll go back to your chair.
We got yet another bawdy song from those rascally, that rascally duo, Wee Ma and Wee Ma Ma.
Ma, ma, ma, wee, ma, ma, ma, ma, wee, ma, ma.
Ready?
Cats on the rooftops, cats on the tiles, cats with syphilis, cats with piles, cats with their assholes wreathed with smiles as they revel in the joys of fornication.
The old hippopotamus, so it seems, very, very seldom has wet dreams.
But when he does, he comes in.
And he comes in dreams.
As he revels in the joys of fornication.
The elephant is a funny bloke.
And very seldom gets a poke.
So when he does, he lets it soak.
As he revels in the joys of fornication.
The ostrich has a funny dick.
And it isn't very often that he dips his wick.
So when he does, he dips it quick.
As he revels in the joys of fornication.
Promiscuous girls live under a strain, waiting for their monthly pain.
And when it comes, they smile again.
As they revel in the joys of fornication.
Oh, you revel in the morning with an upright stand.
It's urinary pressure on the prostate gland.
If you haven't got a woman, so you jerk it off by hand.
As you revel in the joys of fornication.
The priest of the parish has very little fun.
He doesn't even know how well it is done.
When it comes to fun, he gets none.
N-U-N.
As he revels in the joys of fornication.
The cocksucker blows his friend in haste.
Then he licks it up so it won't go to waste.
Then he drinks and gets odd.
It's a matter of taste.
As he revels in the joys of fornication.
Rats hide the captain as he thought.
These new ensigns are not thought.
And the admiral takes the best of the lot.
As he revels in the joys of fornication.
When you wake up in the morning with your belly full of joy.
And your wife's on her vacation.
And your daughter's being coy.
And you're pulpit in the asshole of the youngest boy.
As you revel in the joys of fornication.
Do you ken John Peel?
Yes, I ken him weel.
He sleeps with his wife, but he never gets a feel.
He sleeps by her side, but he never gets a ride.
And he wakes up in the morning in frustration.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Ya ya ya ya ya ya ya.
The White Lawanda Page.
Well there you have it.
Bring your mother-in-law to X Day.
Breathtaking obscenity, I'm so proud.
Ha ha ha.
The queen of the queen of all the UFOs.
And the queen of all the UFOs.
Did that wonderful duet.
My mind is literally duet.
Beautifully sung too.
Nicely harmonized.
Yeah.
She woke up yesterday morning and said she had woken up with that song, but she only
had the hippopotamus stanza, so I typed two lines of it into a Yahoo page and bam, we
had all the lyrics.
So I mailed them to our hostess and she printed them out and we got to do it.
So you guys have to think of a name for your
band.
See, the internet is good for something after all.
Oh, we'll think of something.
Sand in the Crevice came up a couple of days
ago.
You don't like that one?
Okay.
P-Dog Night's usable again.
Well, it is four o'clock and we can excuse
ourselves.
We got started 20 minutes late.
What a mercy.
But it takes us 20 minutes to shut these things
down.
20 minutes late?
Then we should do 20 minutes more and you have the complete hour.
Yeah.
And then we'll be free, free.
As free as the-
A staying impression.
It's a good thing that monster movie music ran out in the background because I neglected
to pot it down when I was singing.
You played it so feebly that no one, especially
me, could even hear it.
Oh, it was back in there.
You have to be careful not to make it too loud.
I'm the anti-Wellman, you know, Dr. Howell.
Yeah, Wellman does play it a little bit too
loud.








Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's a little bit different.





I'm accustomed to hearing it.
There has to be a balance.
No, you can't hear it.
The audience can hear it.
But you don't ... I have the problem when I'm listening back to these things, I like
the music so much, I'm really listening to that and kind of not just ignoring the endless
comic book nostalgia, monster movie nostalgia.
Oh, remember that?
That just reminds me of that great movie, Fight, See, Touch.
It's showing down in the Grindhouse.
In the Grindhouse.
Unknown, unfortunately.
the grindhouse doesn't really work during the day it's not dark enough down there
the grindhouse is a great place to hide just down the path in the little dell there and uh
tonight there's an entirely new program there yeah that's usually a great lineup yep so um
yes friends i think we're going to wrap up another subgenius hour of slack you're going to wrap you
we're gonna uh maybe later uh all right we're gonna wrap it up and put a bow around it and
throw it in the deep blue sea yeah that's called the internet right uh okay uh we're going to send
it out oceans the internet and the waters of the earth are being horribly polluted to send it out
into the newosphere the great artifact that humanity creates of all the extra somatic
information and now this
you
little slip of a subgenius show will float on its uh great uh untapped depths
the internet was so great when nobody knew what it was you mean back when the cia created only
only people who could read and write even oh the well that existed the well it was really
funny back then yeah yeah the the olden days it was called the well um but then
um
the next thing you knew everybody was on the internet it's just like tv now
just making people dumber and dumber and dumber on myspace yes
yeah whatever america online alt dot slack all those places fallen by the wayside and some were
closed down by indignant sensors so uh new roots and branches had to spring up out of the fertile
soil
well there's certainly enough fertilizer for that entire streams of uh subgenius uh creation were
cut brutally short by excessive pruning well now in the case of alt dot slack it just got to where
there were more pin kooks than subgeniuses or rather they were louder than the subgeniuses they
flooded it with youtube links and to the point where they were not being used for the purpose of
the point where we pretty much to make it became unusable and uh we had to go to a members only
thing but to tell the truth where it's really happening of course is facebook scrub genius is a
tiny little quiet i like it tiny i like it i like being with my own kind well i'm not going to get
in an argument with you but there's some really cool monster stuff on facebook the subgenius stuff
take it or leave it but the video is going to be a little bit more interesting i'm going to go to
vintage monster toys page yeah the classic universal monster movies or classic movies
stop motion movies and of course any facebook page with the word monster in it it's almost any
monster trolls yes monster shot album so anyway uh yeah uh you've been listening to the
subgenius yes right from a
subgenius mind control experiment number 2203
and still they come 1599 have a new uh arrival right oh evolution control committee truck is
here that's right trademark finally we'll get some control on this evolution crap we'll have
some real creative it's entirely out of hand you know the evolution control
committee is also going to be at starwood this year which is cheaper for subgeniuses than for
anyone else but it's pointless to tell you guys this well yeah
starwood loves subgeniuses so much that they'll let subgeniuses in for cheaper than anyone else
cheaper than the hippies so much cheaper that even if you hate the church of the subgenius
but wanted to go to starwood it's cheaper if you buy a subgenius membership and then toss it in the
church yes you can sulk in your tent like achilles all through x day and then when they make fun of us
and then when starwood starts when starwood starts you can emerge from your uh cocoon
your chrysalis yes and interact and intermingle with the virtuous pagans
uh yeah that's a figure of speech of course
yes of course
no actually um i think the reason that well the reason they used to allow me at starwood every
year is because the non-fundy pagans love to watch the fundy pagans get all ticked off and
that's what church the subgenius is good for they are humorless assholes they're more attentive to
your sermons there but the humorful assholes which is most pagans and subgeniuses really enjoy that
sort of thing they don't mind it they don't mind it they don't mind it they don't mind it they don't
mind it they don't mind it they don't mind it they don't mind it they don't mind it they don't
get a little fun poked and of course who does the church of the subgenius make fun of the most
us selves us selves and because that is the truest kind of snark well we know our own
motivations as far as everyone else is concerned we're only guessing at theirs and the humor can't
be as surgically precise mark twain said something i think it was him said something about how when
you're when you're
when you're young you're a satirist and you're making fun of everybody else but after a while you become a humorous because making fun of yourself is actually a little funnier
uh... and uh... what was it pogo said
we have met the enemy
and he is us
if they are us
and don't know why as long as no maybe it was your grandmother said so
grandfather used to say learn to laugh at yourself and you'll always be amused
learn to laugh at yourself and you'll always be amused

that will sell a said by princess leaves grandfather king go
and cast mile- challengers゙ ZHW then you'll end up with a mouthful of rain
he wasn't man who enjoyed his tim тран
he you know i don't know how karen right well on that note we're going to close this uh...��
special or benyeonal potentiallyération designate the subgenius our common7
assembled. But remember,
tomorrow there will be an almost
identically similar
show that it would take
expert scientific assistance
to tell from this
show. No, no, tomorrow's going to be
Ask Dr. Hal. So it's going to be more
expensive than this show. I was coming to that.
The Ask Dr. Hal show will be
appended to the end
of the hour of
slack. And then we'll have the Dr. Hal's
ass show. Not unlike
the searing flash that announced the
beginning of the atomic age.
So be sure to be there for the
Ask Dr. Hal show.
Will we have questions?
Think of questions. Start thinking of your questions now.
Write down your questions and send them
to me, Dr. Howland Owl.
And I will analyze
them as is my wont and
give you my
incorruptible answers.
Right. If you can supply your own pencil
and paper, that would be great.
But tomorrow we will
bring a bunch of cut up strips
of typewriter.
Yes, we always do that.
Tomorrow is Thursday, right?
All day.
Or is today Thursday?
Tomorrow's Friday.
Alright, I'm not up on these things.
And after
the Ask Dr. Hal
show, we're going to have the first
installment of the Bulldada
auction right here
on this stage in
Caffeina's restaurant.
No way to stop it.
This is a sealed
copy.
This is a copy of the
subgenius in-vogue game.
You see, we have really thought
that there isn't enough stuff,
but maybe we could be wrong.
And if we are, maybe the best
stuff will be offered first.
So you owe it to your little
avaricious self to scuttle
down here and be in the front row
when the auctioneering begins.
And you might walk away with
a huge towering, tottering
heap of swag, which you purchased
much cheaper than other chumps
would have to spend.
We haven't seen many tottering heaps of swag.
Well, we're hoping that we will.
We usually have seen some tottering heaps,
but not of swag.
All right.
That was a show.
I'm sorry.
That was ill chosen.
But what we're going to do is hope that
as often happens, people
come up with last minute contributions,
which makes the Bulldada auction
a remarkable thing.
That is followed immediately from six
o'clock to eight o'clock by the Cock and
Tail party at Caffeina's.
Oh, the drinkers.
Drinking starts on Friday.
Then at eight thirty, the Hypercube
presentation begins.
And at nine o'clock, the Ex Mortis
Experience, the Rantathon and Doctors
for Wotan.
Oh my god, Dr.
Vofilo better get here because he's
the other half of Doctors for Wotan.
At 1030 p.m., Andrew the Impaled will
perform his painful set, Painful to Watch.
Don't sit too close if you've got
clothes that you don't want to wear.
I don't want blood all over them.
It is called the Physical Pain Set.
And at 11 o'clock, the Evolution Control
Committee, who just arrived at our
spacious campground, will begin its
presentation.
And then after that, Liberty Hall, boys
and girls, freeform rants, jazz, anything.
That was pretty good last night.
That's right.
And so you never know what might happen.
Yes.
It's one madcap presentation after another
to keep your head spinning until the
spinning of the great saucer puts the
kibosh on planet Earth.
Praise Bob.
Saturday's action-packed day because
it's the Bobtism and more free food and
alcohol.
All right.
Yeah.
Let's talk about that too since no one
reads the schedule.
Saturday, we begin with the Pancakery Feast
right here once again.
Free pancakes.
At Gatwick.
And Scrapple.
Free Scrapple, not to be confused with
Eaton Scrapple.
And pancakes with real maple syrup spiked
from actual suffering Canadian maples.
And then from 2 o'clock to 3 o'clock, the
Bobtism in Old Sequoia's Lair, the pond.
I was in it this morning and it was quite
delightful.
The pH problem of the water has been solved.
The pond is open.
That's great.
And that is where we will be.
We will have the usual traditional Bobtism.
Oh, by the way, it's perfectly cool to wear
a swimsuit.
You can do that if you want.
You do not by any means have to take all
your clothes off.
And then, following this debauchery, at 3 o'clock,
I mean 3.30, is once again the live hour of Slack.
Oh, followed by another Ask Dr. Hal.
And then at 5.30 comes the Bobtism.
And then comes the short and long duration
marriage services performed by my golfing and prayer partner,
Reverend Ivan Stang over here on my right side.
I'm trying to talk that nice young couple into
consummating their marriage right then and there.
Then comes the costume ball followed by the
potluck taco party where unusual taco meat of
different kinds and species will be placed in the

traditional taco shell and consumed with robust relish.
Finally, this is followed by the Bobby Awards.
The coveted Bobby Awards where all who are thought
worthy are given special valuable prizes which can be
bequeathed as a rich legacy unto your issue.
Then, then the, on the main stage, ranters jammed
the
No, it's different.
It'll be different.
That's when he sings.
It's the audio pain.
He hurts us instead of himself.
The audio pain set.
And at 11.30, The Burning by Stephen King,
America's most popular author.
Yes, this is actually The Burning of the Dobbs
Eidolon, which will happen.
And at 12 a.m., midnight, Arcology X with DJs Gravity,
Sam Snow, 2B, Harry Haster, and Maynard Brainard.
Be there for the end of the private life.
And so on behalf of the Church of the Subgenius,
this is Dr. Howland Owl and Dr. Ivan Stang signing off from this,
this thing that we do and we'll be doing tomorrow and the day after that and on and
on and more of it and more like this.
Fly legs and spider heads through his brain.
One sip and I'm gone.
Oh my God.
Then he got down to it.
Bob.
Perfect round black hole.
Bob.
Entry positions in the rear.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob's, Bob's own Bob's head.
Bob.
Bob's, Bob's own Bob's head.
Oh my God.
I'm waiting for those dogs, has rained down on me
I'm waiting for those dogs, has rained down on me
I'm waiting for those dogs, has rained down on me
From within that glowing cloud
Radiation slack out, fall everywhere
Radiation slack out, last for a year
Radiation slack out, is already here
In this beautiful music world
Get ready to ping for the coming after you
Get ready to ping for the coming after you
Get ready to ping for the coming after you
From that big glowing cloud to the cloud
Radiation slack out, fall everywhere
Radiation slack out, last for a year
Radiation slack out, is already here
In this beautiful music world
Get ready to ping for the coming after you
Get ready to ping for the coming after you
Get ready to ping for the coming after you
We don't need a return, the sun is setting



Glowing all to clouds
Radiation slack out
Fall everywhere
Radiation slack out
Last for a year
Radiation slack out
It's already here
In our beautiful music world
Get ready, normal's coming after you
Get ready, normal's coming after you
Get ready, normal's coming after you
In that beautiful mutant world
Radiation slack out
Fall everywhere
Radiation slack out
Last for a year
Radiation slack out
It's already here
In this beautiful mutant world
