Welcome, dear friends, to the subgenius hour of slut.
Slut.
Ah yes dear friends, back in Dallas again.
It's so nice to be home, although I spent last week at the Cleveland branch office of the church.
See the church is so big now I have to make this monthly circuit to all the branch offices in Cleveland and London and so forth.
I'll tell you it's a rough damn job friends preaching to sinners and nightclubs and even worse dens of iniquity.
But somebody's got to do it for Bob and somebody has to get the ultimate in total blinding eye-watering slack for the rest of you.
Somebody has to pave that way.
Break that trail.
Here's what happened there.
Baby, you're just normal.
Come to Bob and Connie's Red Alight.
We'll fix you up with a personality completely different than the one you're running away from.
Bob and Connie's Red Alight.
If we can't get you laid, no one can.
Yeah.

Connie's Custom Condom Service.
If you've got the prize, we've got the size.
The bigger, the better.
The harder, the wetter.
How may I help you?
Located at a tacky strip shopping mall near you.
We're Bob Concord and you probably don't know what we do.
Bob Concord.
We like it that way.
Bob Concord.
We just want the money.
Now friends, imagine if you will.
A Church of the Subgenius sitcom about the family of Bob and Connie.
Just imagine it for a second.
Hi, Connie.
Where's Bob?
He's in the bedroom polishing his putter.
It got a little dirty last night.
What?
With you around, that's par for the course.
Oh.
Hiya, Woody.
Trying to pay?
You're not going to play through?
Connie was just making juice.
I know that.
What's in the blender?
I always thought golf goes better with Ma-Tis, don't you?
Bottoms up, boys.
Mmm.
Connie, you sure know how to work a blender.
Yes, you sure know how to mix things up.
And you boys sure know how to handle your clubs.
So do you, Connie.
So do you, honey.
So do you, Connie.








Don't get caught in any sand traps.
You'll scratch your balls.
Hurry back, boys, or I'll resort to dick.
And what about Dick?
And what about Tom?
And what about Harry?
Well, don't worry, folks.
Connie's got plenty for everybody.
Oh, what a lovely, what a lovely day.


Oh, what a lovely couple of couples.
Just how perverted are we getting tonight?
Who's marrying a non-human?
Who's marrying a non-human?
This lady has married a rubber chicken.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.




Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
This man is marrying his wallet.
There he is, the wallet.
The family is the wallet of a man.
All right.
Let's proceed.
Do, now this is a generic public short-duration marriage, so we'll have to do fill in the blanks,
sort of.
Do you, in short name here, swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but
the truth, say, I do.
I do.
I do.
Yes.
But the certified coupling will last for 24 hours, starting at 1015.
Let's hurry up.
Five minutes from now.
Yeah.
We'd better get moving.
I want to lighten the saffron of precious sin and time.
Ah yes, dearly beloved, we are gathered here today in the presence of J.R. Bob Dobbs and
Elvis the King Presley and insert other beauty names here.
Red and Stimpy.
To join these beautiful couples.
men, insert names here, and these women, insert names there, and these wallets and
mothers and jewelry and coffee cups, camcorders, cigarettes.
Oh, God.
Oh, so forever.
So, yes, buried to cigarettes forever.
And, okay, in the bondage, the bondage, the bondage of holy matrimony, for better or for
worse, but, Ace Bob, not for long.
Do you feel the spirit?
Yes!
A dragonfly has balanced, a black widow has been mashed.
Bob and Connie got their hands on each other's purse.
And an anaconda has got constriction.
And the black widow has her prince.
But Bob and Connie are the one true origin of sin.
It's the miracle of the 90s.
It's the talk of all the others.
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie.
It's the church of genius.
It's the...
It won't turn back, till he gets like, go along with me, and Bob will set you free.
The ostrich do it in a circle.
He's with their head.
Duckies.
The ground.
Why does it mean like to get it on with lots of people around?
So many combinations.
The results are always the same.
Unless you're prepared to get it on, give up and count his name.
Oh.
It's the miracle of the night.
It's the talk of all the others.
It's the marriage of all the kind.
It's the church of all the free.
She's the one.
It's the only good side.
Oh.
Remember how bad I've been.
We won't turn back.
We'll see.
It's all so much more of me.
I'm nothing without you.
It's all just a dream.
It's a little dream.
Oh, man.
Back to the subgenius wedding.
The mass.
Some people know what that ring is for.
The mass.
Some people really know what that.
That girl really knows how to.
Okay.
We got this ring as a holy symbol of the estate.
marriage as well as of the pole going deep into the hole repeatedly.
Why the authority invested in me by J.R. Bob Dobbs and in defiance of the laws of nature
and of this state, I now pronounce you all men and wives and wallets and albis for the
next 24 hours.
In the church of genius.
In the church of genius.
In the church of genius.
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! TMZ
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Listen to that, the Hail Ponies are drowning out the Praise Bob.
Interesting.
Oh, man.
Yes, indeedy.
What a lovely, lovely short duration marriage ceremony that was, too.
And that was just last week in Buffalo, New York, where William McKinley was shot by Oliver Stone.
And where the new play, The Marriage of Bob and Connie, was performed.
And where we had a rug-biting, spirit-filled, casting-out-of-peen-worms devival.
And what you just heard was actually the end of that event.
The song, by the way, of which you heard just a portion, is one of three all-new original Bob hymns that you'll be hearing tonight.
Written by Reverend Vicki Ganger.
And performed.
By her good friend and mine, Sister Melodious Charles.
And, well, it's important that she get credit, dear friends.
Vitaely important.
As it is that all of these gals that you'll be hearing tonight be properly accredited and in a gentlemanly manner.
Because otherwise them gals will have me singing in a high voice in no time.
And be re-beaking my prairie squid without telling me, if you know what I mean.
And I think that you do, don't you?
Uh-huh.
Uh, so, uh, hold on to your scrota there, boys.
Because Connie Dobbs, um, ever-swelling army of Amazon uber-femmes has been putting out again!
And that ain't, that ain't like when these normal, warm-up girls put out.
Heh, no siree, Bob.
These sub-genius women are a new breed.
You never know when one of them might turn around and...
put in.
But it's worth the suspense.
Oh, well worth it.
Because gone are the days when I'd go to preach a sermon and I'd be looking out over a small sea.
Or, well, a pond, really.
Or a cow tank, you might say.
Of pasty, white, pudgy, bespectacled, bad-skinned, young males.
Well, those faces are still there in the audience.
But at least they aren't also up on the altar anymore.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
The new altered boys up on the stage.
They're mostly she-women to the nth, or the godzillionth degree, in fact.
And I am so happy.
Ha ha ha.
So, so happy.
But of course, of course there is a price to pay.
You might say that old Bob's had to go through a second, uh, emaculation.
Probably cost him a whole body part.
And...
Well, friends, I, I mean, we just can't keep pretending that he's the one that wears the panties in the Dobbs household anymore.
And we palin' hearty lads, I'm afraid, must pay the price tonight, yes?
We're going to be forced to listen to this entire play, The Marriage of Bob and Connie,
and suffer the knowledge that all the lady listeners tonight will be picking up dozens and dozens of cool new Connie lines.
A verbal ammo to inflict on their menfolk.
And there's nothing we can do about it.
Better get used to it.
There's not only this play, but a great frothing mess of up-comin' Connie-based trance spoutings
that have been just spewin' from these wonderful new feminoid members
who've had this sort of burst, this burst, this veritable gushing of creativity,
this spewing of busty boldness from the very crevice of the female conspiracy.
The witchy minions of Bob's mother-in-law, who secretly control at least half of the church, maybe all of it.
And how would we know? That's the terrible thing.
Boys, that's the terrible thing. How would we know?
Anyway, prepare to listen closely.
Um, this play is partly rants, partly songs, partly...
Partly actual scenes of the early years of Bob and Connie Dobbs.
Reenacted by actors, of course.
Um, and the recording I have is kind of rough.
It's from various cassette and video sources.
And although I will narrate some of the action when necessary,
it's good that this is radio.
Because radio forces you to use your imagination.
And that makes the special effects so cheap.
So, you know, let's get to it.
Let your imagination run wild.
It's free.
Uh, if it helps any, the gals that play Connie, it took three of them,
all look like Connie.
And I beg you to forgive me.
You know that Bob, that way we were guy,
why can't Woodman be more like Bob?
Why do you want him to be like Bob?
Because I don't know Bob.
On the other hand, we should try not to pass judgment.
You're kidding me.
Hey! What's going on here?
Uh, at any rate, here goes another hour of slack unlike any other hour of slack.
First time we ever ran the soundtrack of a play.
This play, The Marriage of Cobb and Bonnie.
I mean, uh, Con and Bobby.
Um, anyway, by, uh, Saint Elizabeth Croydon and Dr. Joe Pro Schmo.
And starring, among many others, Reverend Mary Squared.
Au contraire.
Uh, yes.
Do you want to be part of a world of sleeping people?
Do you want to imbibe the drug of the commonplace?
Will you be forever addicted to self-restriction?
Established orthodoxies and dogmas,
conditioned interpretations of living,

Regard the material world as reality.
Whilst pretending to deal with the spirit or existence.
Help Bob give hope to hurting hearts.
Hi. How are ya?
We're all set for the really big show in Buffalo.
Oh! I'm all excited!
I know there's somebody here who will testify for Bob.
I see him! The spirit!
Oh, Sister Melodious Chops!
Sister Melodious Chops, dear friends!
My mind is open, but my heart is full.
My mouth is full.
My stomach, yea, even my bladder is full.
But there is one thing, dear friends, that is not full here tonight,
and that is my wallet.
And when I speak to you as to how this came about,
I must speak to you of my personal salvation,
through my personal salivator, J.R. Bob Dye.
Laughter
Music
Well, I used to be a sinner, cause I truly did believe.
And the Virgin married Jesus, and I'm still a sinner.
And me, we're thick as thieves.
And I used to give my dough to televangelistic snobs.
But then the light, it showed upon me, and I found J.R. Bob Dye.
And now my wallet belongs to Bob.
Yes, my wallet belongs to Bob.
Well, my heart is for my honey, and my brain is for my job.
But my wallet belongs to Bob.
It belongs to Bob.
Music
Well, Bobby goes a-frappin' every chance that he can get.
He cannot perform the biggest without even breaking sweat.
So I gave him all my money, Reverend Stanks said it was right.
And for only twenty dollars, he did save my soul tonight.
And so my wallet belongs to Bob.
Yes, my wallet belongs to Bob.
No more candle-up conspiracy.
My loathing wages robbed, cause my wallet belongs to Bob.
Music
Hey, sister.
Music
Well, Bobby's got a sweetie, and Connie is her name.
And her ways could put the sacred or a scamp-a-lon to shame.
She reaches in Bob's pocket, feels around for something hard.
Pulls her hand out, holdin' on to his mighty credit card.
So my wallet belongs to Bob.
Yes, my wallet belongs to Bob.
Music
And I never have to fear, cause I know Connie's on the job.
And my wallet belongs to Bob.
Music
Well, you may have your lady and your horny green man, too.
Music
Their elemental energy may be what's right for you.
But someday you'll grow weary of those paganistic cults.
And give away your money to the one who gets results.
And then your wallet will be for Bob.
Yes, your wallet will be for Bob.
And you will be the genius.
Not another stupid slob.
And your wallet belongs to Bob.
Well, I believe I am much calmer.
Got the peace of head, Arnold Palmer.
Sittin' on the dashboard of my car.
Music
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Bob, where's Bob?
Bob, where's Bob?
Bob, where's Bob?
Thank you, Mr.
I'm moved today to come and present my own testimony to you.
If you will allow me, please, to introduce myself.
Who are you, Sister?
My name is Sister Magalina Hagalina Hoopataka Wakataka Hogan Logan Pogan.
Music
Now, I'm very pleased to be here today.
I would just like to give up an offering of thanks not only to J.R. Bob Dobbs,
but also to the power of Connie and the Yang principle inherent in this subgenius church.
Thank you, Sister.
You know, I myself was born and brought up thinking I was a normal.
But inside, something told me I was different.
And then I met Connie.
And she introduced me to my true subgenius heritage.
Thanks, her parents.
Yes.
And white Russians, by the way, too.
Those white Russians, they went down pretty well.
Well, Connie, you know, she opened my eyes and showed me the light.
She led me to the truth.
And it was a difficult truth, ladies and gentlemen, that I was really born a child of the Yeti.
Thank you, Sister, I say.
And as I grew to accept that difficult truth,
I discovered that I truly did love this subgenius way.
And you know why?
Because in Connie's church, the women get to be on top.
The conspiracy, they think they've got it all under control.
They tell you what to eat, what to wear, what to think.
Well, not me.
Not me.
I'm a subgenius.
I am a sister of the Yeti.
And I am anything but normal.
I say we all decide we can let the normals decide to wear the same color shirt on the same day of the week
and have all of their clocks run on the same time.
Well, not me.
I refuse to agree with anything the conspiracy represents.
And that is my testimony today.
Kill the horrible.
Kill the horrible.

Kill the horrible.
Kill the horrible.
Kill the horrible.
We are no Connie.
We won't stay alive.
Connie, sweet Connie.
We're breaking free, we're alive.
There are certain things that we can all agree on.
There is a right and a left.
Yeah, yeah.
Thank you. There is a wrong and a right. There is a good and a bad, dark and alive. Now to the pagans, there's a lord versus lady.
That was the yin versus yang, but the subgenius, well, while Bob may have had a lot of yin, take it from me, folks, Connie had a lot of yang.
It may take a subgenius to make all that money, but honey, it took a Connie to spend it.
Connie is the true goddess of the subgenius church. You can't con a Connie. God rebels for great ideas.
When I'm good, I'm very good, but baby, when I'm slack, I'm better. Getting up, getting up, and getting on for the greater glory of mankind.
Bob says, follow them if they can't take a joke. Well, Connie says, joke them if they can't.
God take a joke.
Yes!
Connie is the true goddess of the subgenius church, and like many other sub-gods and sub-goddesses, it took many incarnations upon this earth to reach her high and wide cosmic status.
Cleopatra, her slut face.
Bob Ross, courting has who tested the lovers of Catherine the Great and sent only the best to serve the queen.
Joan of Arc is being decanonized, for evidence' sakes, she fluttered her soldiers.
The Catholic Church is saying that she never even heard those voices before here on earth.
But we can guess who those voices were, Wotan and all.
And Joan said she heard them, huh?
And how else are you going to get a bunch of normals to fight for you, huh?
She was a Connie.
And the Mona Lisa, huh?
Who the hell is she?
And why is she smiling?
Could she have slept and still not be telling, hmm?
Or maybe she just had a suck on the sacred pipe of Bob.
Yeah?
You think?
Simpson and Delilah.
She wasn't cutting his manhood
or taking his manhood.

She wasn't taking away his strength when she gave his hair a trim.
She was relieving him of his will to work
and giving him slack.
And in the time of Jesus,
well, maybe not the real fighting one,
but Christ at any rate,
Primal,
sexual,
Connie Salome did a dance like no other dance before it.
Or after it.
It was in this incarnation that the war against the conspiracy began.
And it's at this point in the play when the most amazing spectacle...
It was great, Bob!
But it was hell, Connie!
Hell, Connie.
Hell, Connie.
It was a hail of a Connie that came dancing out,
ululating like an Iranian housewife,
heard here in the background.
Whoa.
And at that point, I must cut in.
And actually, we come to the end of side one
of your subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
Prepare to switch to side two.
But, oh man.
Yeah, Connie Salome.
Mmm. Mmm.
Oh, that was the first of the Connies that came out on stage.
And like I say, you ought to just use your imagination.
Yes, yes, yes.
It's a beautiful thing, dear friends.
As I say, we've been listening to The Marriage of Bob and Connie,
a sort of devival and play put on at the Art of Magic.
Oh, yeah.
A festival sponsored by Content Knowles,
who I believe has just moved to Austin, Texas this week.
Content Knowles, who also played Connie Salome,
who in our next installment will,
well, it leads into the head launch.
And you got this half-naked.
And this is how it happened.
Oh, yeah.
Anyestshit самые
Great single head, the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer!
Bleeding head good!
Heel head bad!
Bleeding head good!
Heel head bad!
Bleeding head good!
Heel head bad!
Bleeding head good!
But who would launch the head?
No.
A little child.
We've never had a child launch a head.
A tiny, little, cute, three-year-old girl
knocked that head soaring into the audience.
Oh, it was a lovely head-launching,
an innocent head-launching.
They're building up to the head-launching.
The next one to catch the head will be the next one, Mary.
There it went. There it went.
A little child's golf club wielded by a child,
sending the head bouncing into the audience,
from which it bounced back, of course,
slugged it back, the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer,
still bleeding.
Thank you.
I exhorted them to get on their knees.
This was certainly the...
The least traditional head-launching,
and yet, was it not touching?
Did you not go home and say,
I saw the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer
launch in a true and sacred way
by somebody who really meant it?
Connie, oh, Connie
You're always there to guide
Connie, sweet Connie
You make me feel alive
Connie is a little girl
We're in children's play
Connie's in the lost days
With nothing much to say
But we lose track of the elusive Connie.
Where did she go?
For centuries, she seemed to...
To have died.
Been forgotten.
Maybe she was lost, for all we know.
Or, maybe we were lost.
Or, maybe she was taking some time off.
Going back to goddess finishing school,
or whatever the hell it is we do between these incarnations.
Cutting herself some much-needed slack
only to arrive in her most powerful incarnation,
oh, she died, all right.
She died and was reborn into the minds of mortals
all over the United States.
Clara Bow, the It Girl of the silver screen.
Betty Boop, Mae West, Rosie the Riveter.
Although some may say she wasn't very slack,
she did show women how to have their own money.
Oh, she did.
Smoke a cigarette and have a beer at the local bar after work.
Yes! Rosie taught slack!
There was a price to pay.
Oh, there was a price.
We had to go to work!
But don't we always pay to know what we really think?
See you then.
Help Bob give hope to hurting women.
We'll be back in a minute.
Oh, what's your point?
What's your point?
What's your point?
Ma?
Why don't you go have your research department give you some more education, bud?
My name's Bob.
Do you want to be part of a world of sleeping people?
Sorry?
D'you know anything about girls' birth, Ellen?
Well, I'm starting in full strength right now.


Oh, so it's bibs, you mean?
No.
There's no bibs.
real-life Nazis, the hurting kind, not anything cutesy like Colonel Clank and all that stuff.
I'm talking millions of Aryan-type-looking men, brain-mashing demons,
taking away our security and our sanity and giving us fear.
Real hard, dark, bombing-heavy, like me, a face so far uncomfortable yet,
hands shaking, mind raping, caught in the back of a throat terror.
Talk about a crime.
For Bob.
For his sister.
For me.
And the men.
Talk about a crime.
For Bob.
Won't hand respond to him.
Our story begins in the Great Depression.
Someday, sometime, somewhere in the midwest of America, you know what I mean.
Red, white, and blue-collar America.
Corn country, cow country, somewhere.
Somewhere.

There's no big goddamn rainbow.
As the Great Depression dragged on, Bob and Connie were born.
Now, on that day, aliens were saved.
Some say they came to take them away.
Some say they were dropping them off.
But there they were.
Bob was born.



Bob was born into the poorest of families.
Walked five miles a day with no pants on.
His mom had lost two jobs.
His father was out of three.
But when Bob saw Connie sitting there in the first grade with no pants on, he swore he'd be a millionaire.
Bob was born into the poorest of families.
And we see here the little Connie sitting on the schoolyard bench.
Bob's little friend, Woody, walks up.
Gee, Connie, I'm sorry I stained your dress.
When my mom sees that, she's gonna bruise my bum and take away my baby prairie squid.
I was playing with some of my dad's industrial solvents, and I invented this spot remover.
I call it C'mon.
C'mon!
C'mon!
C'mon, Connie, I'm sorry.
That's okay.
It's behind the garage at four.
Try to control yourself this time.
You bet.
See you later, Connie.
Now the little Bob enters.
The little Bob enters and gets his first eyeful of little Connie.
And she looks great, dear friends.
And he thinks to himself,
I'll build your door.
I'll build your door.
So Bob then shyly sits down next to little Connie and kind of sidles up to her.
They blush.
It's cute.
And finally, Connie can't stand it any longer.
I'll show you yours if you'll show me mine.
Okay.
What's your name?
I'm Connie.
Bob.
Now that's a name I can remember.
Bob was five when he heard this radio announcement.
Up in the air, Junior Birdman.
Up in the air, Birdman pies.
The Junior Birdman show was had in a contest,
and the lucky winner would take home
one million dollars.
Bob had his work cut out for him,
but he couldn't work.
He didn't want to work.
So he got himself a lemonade stand,
and he sold that lemonade for five cents a glass.
But it was only two cents if you sent his name into the Junior Birdman show.
Little Connie enters again.
This was fine in my first grade.
He won the Junior Birdman contest.
And then he had a big party,
and there was all this food,
and there was lemonade,
and there was cake.
And we didn't just eat that cake.
We ate the lemonade.
And then we went for rides in a real limousine.
And to top it off,
all the girls at the party,
he chose me
to give a real show.
And I got a silver dime.
Oh, what a palooka.
I read you the Rockefeller.
For nearly twenty years,
the rest of the world went crazy.
Hideous poverty became the largest war ever known.
Slacklessness grew to amazing heights.
Newer,
eviler heights.
When the conspiracy dropped the A-Bob
and took control of the chaos,
we entered the dark days.
Yeah, and at that point,
Bob and Connie, grown up,
meet again by chance at the Milwaukee Airport bar
and dance like crazy.
You know, I'm not a big fan of the New York Times,


but I've heard some good things about the New York Times.
It's been a while since I saw the New York Times.


and you know I will be.
Tell you what,
drinks are on the house.
Thanks!
Suff.
What have you been doing with yourself lately,
you big palooka?
As little as I can get away with.
Oh?
I sit, I smoke my pipe, they take a picture, I get a check. It's a living!
I've done a bit of movie work myself.
Really?
Beautiful dead Connie.
Connie, leader of the high school Hellcats.
How did it happen? Was she murdered? What went on in that big house?
See High School Hellcats.
Well, you turned out to be quite the lucky catch. Tell me, who's the lucky guy?
They were all lucky.
So, I booked a room over at the airport Holiday Inn.
Really?
I own the airport Holiday Inn.
My place?
Or yours?
Yours!
Congratulations, Bob and Connie. You have passed the alien test.
You subgenius have found each other. Go forth. Slack off.
And lather up.
Let others learn from your effortless example.
Serve floodplains. Ride the wave of love.
Fear not. Only subgenii can hear me. Not the normals.
Go forth. Spread the word. There are others like you and they would pay to know what they really think.
Let them fool the world over their own eyes.
I am Wotan, Elder God of the Imperial Wisdom of Slack.
The Earth has fallen prey to a shroud of slacklessness and hatred.
The conspiracy is doomed.
The norm is actually 44 years from today. Only the subgenii will be saved from the exes and their impending doom.
Bob and Connie, I charge you with slack.
You have 44 years to reap the benefits of what you sow.
Go forth and fornicate as though your very lives depended on it.
They bought it.
Connie only sleeps with them.
Under the quiet moon.
Just Connie is a lovely...
Say, who picked up the tab in that last strip joint?
You did, Woody. Don't you remember?
Come to think of it, I am a little light.
Well, here we are. Las Vegas.
Have you ever seen so many beautiful, available women in all your life?
Oh, I shouldn't tempt you on your last night as a free man.
Ha! You think a little thing like a wedding is gonna cramp my style?
Well, it probably won't cramp Connie's.
What do you mean by that, Woodhead?
I don't think you really want to know, Bob.
Woody, how naive do you think I am?
I know the woman's insatiable.
As much time as she spends on her back, she should be the spokesperson for Sealy Posture Pedic.
I have my doubts when it comes to this wedding.
But when I look at Connie, all my better judgment just goes out the window.
There's just something about her.
There's something about her, all right.
Like what the hell's she doing on planet Earth anyway?
Don't worry, I know.
Excellent to hear all university jerks out there.
Did you get that?
Not quite, but you may be
Got mashed but very mashed too.
Nothing to say.

Yesss dear friends.
That's where I have to fast forward
on my master,
tape so that I can get to at least one more song from that play and make you bow down
before the glory that is Connie Dobbs.
Ah, yes.
I woke up Sunday morning.
Yeah.
Couldn't find my soul.
Well, I woke up Sunday morning.
Couldn't find my soul.
Well, my toilet seat was freezing and my bagel didn't have no home.
I went down to the river.
I saw Bob.
Staggered by.
I went down to the river.
I saw Bob staggered by.
A pipe clashed between his molars.
And a twinkle in his eye.
I said, Bob and Connie.
Bob and Connie.
Bob and Connie.
Bob and Connie.
Bob and Connie.
Bob and Connie.
Bob and Connie.
JOHNNY不對
볍
I.

I.
Oh.
I.
He said, I can give salvation
And I can show you a real good time
He said, I can give salvation
And I can show you a real good time
I said, Wotan says you're kind
So you're just a friend of mine
Wotan says, Wotan says you're kind
So you're just a friend of mine
Yeah, boss!
Well, she plays them and she finds them
She don't stack the deck no more
Well, she plays them and she finds them
She don't stack the deck no more
You better save your contributions

Or she'll kick your bleeding head right out the door
I said, Bob and Connie
Bob and Connie
Bob and Connie
Bob and Connie
Bob and Connie
Bob and Connie
Bob and Connie
Bob and Connie
Bob and Connie



Bob and Connie

Bob and Connie
Bob and Connie
Bob and Connie
Bob and Connie

Babypero, Bobby, and G optional
inclusive of ext Kristen

you can't just fool around
Thesearemiamorichtos
There's one more
And that good
Hurry home to Connie.
And leave you on your belly.
Cause it ain't no use in denying.
She's the one that gives you slack.
One more time.
Bobby Connie.
Ooh, Bobby Connie.
Yeah, Bobby Connie.
Bobby Connie.
Ooh, Bobby Connie.
Bobby Connie.
Bobby Connie.
You do right.
Oh, so right.
Oh, so right.
If you want.
You got to tie the knot.
You got to tie the knot.
Well, if you want to know the night.
Boy, you still got to tie the knot.
You got to tie the knot.
Well, are you in or out of the program?
Are you on or off?
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, yes!
Gay5004 songs.

The shows are all ours.
Oh, my!
boys good.
Praise merchant.
I'm mad!
Friends before concubines passed away.






stuff coming full body.
What are they getting yourself into?
deliberate setting today



Don't be the examiner!
Don, don't be the examiner!
Girl, what a great idea.
The dude stole my money.
Slime.
Well, you folks looking to get hitched, huh?
I can tell. Something about that dress, I guess.
Well, it'll cost you.
How's 20 bucks?
Ah, that'll do just fine. That's the going rate these days.
Yeah, fine institution, marriage.
A fine institution. Lots of folks doing it these days, you know.
Mm-hmm.
Yep.
Get hooked, get hitched,
spend the rest of your lives together,
and get bitched.
The rest of our lives?
That's what I said, little lady.
I couldn't do that.
I couldn't do that.
Honey!
Honey?
Well, what I mean is,
I have more than one.
Yes, and a nice pair they are, too.
No, I mean husbands.
When I find a fella I like, I marry him.
Keeps me from sinning.
Smart little lady.
I couldn't marry just Bob.
Woody, help me.
Oh, I'll marry you, Cody.
Woody!
Oh, goody, Woody.
Let's see.
That makes you my 22nd and Bob my 23rd.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Good nurse!
Good marriage?
Okay.
Well, all right, I'll throw in the extra groom for free.
I'll get you married.
Oh, goody.
Well, if that's the way it's gonna be,
do you sub-genii take each other, so to speak, in holy matrimony?
Oh, yes!
Well, by the power vested in me by the city of Las Vegas,
Ha! Ha! Ha!
I, uh, hereby pronounce you, uh,
husbands and wife.
Yeah!
Well, feel free to go off and do whatever the hell it is you people wanna do.
You know, I think, uh, marriage is a fine institution.
Could always do with a little expansion.
Uh, anything for the greater good.
You know, people sin all the time.
And if more people got married to more people,
there'd be a lot less sin and a lot more fun in this world, I think.
In this world of mating habits
I have seen it all on Mars
Like a 98-year-old couple
Locked their walkers in the house
Right on this floor
As the communal carnal relations
Nearly turned into a mob
But for a truly unique sensation
We got to turn to Connie and Bob
Oh!
It's the miracle of the nineties
It's the talk of all the artists
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie
In the churches of TVS
It's the miracle of the nineties
It's the talk of all the artists
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie
In the churches of TVS
Don't forget, buddy!
Ha ha ha!
Hey!
Come on!
Hey!
Come on!
Hey!
Come on!

Come on!
Hey!
I've seen the mating of the iguana
And the rocks is what they prefer
While the flock just likes to hang around
Hoping something will occur
And though the rabbit is most unsteady
He is always ready when it's warm
But when it comes to Bob and Connie
There's no way of keeping score
Oh!
It's the miracle of the nineties
It's the talk of all the artists
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie
In the churches of TVS
It's the miracle of the nineties
It's the talk of all the artists
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie
In the churches of TVS
Oh!
Arriba! Arriba!
Arriba!
Arriba!

Well, it was the marriage
The marriage of Bob and Connie
And that was Bob on harmonica, by the way
And members of the Association of Consciousness Exploration
They're in Cleveland thanks to
Saint Sister Mary Squared Au Contrere
Princess We Are Doe
Queen of all the UFOs
Who played the little Connie
Content Knowles of the First Church of the First Amendment
Who sponsored the Art of Magic show
Where that was held at
Played Connie Salome
Preacher Reverend Joe Pro Schmo
Who co-authored the thing
There's Bob played by Jim Klar
Songs by Vicki Ganger and Sister Melodious Chops
Thanks to Mike Cole who plays the show in Cleveland
And we gotta get out of here, friends
Act II, the first show of the show
Next week
It's shame and reproach
