Radio has correctly been called the theater of imagination.
Listeners were essential partners in the creative process on programs like
Suspense, Lights Out, Inner Sanctum, and
The Self-Genius Power of Swag.
I'll tell my daddy not to steal anymore and I'll make him get a real job.
Yeah, pretty soon.
First arrangement. The first arrangement.
Babe.
You sit down slowly, making sure the head muscles don't move too much,
causing the brain to move around in the brain case.
Making sure all the dendrites are connected so that no one knows.
No one knows.
Genetic engineers.
Working in.
In secret laboratories and media podcasts.
Are now able to create an onion that will not make Mr. and Mrs. Hussle really cry.
He doesn't even have a body, he's just a little head.
Yea, verily, for Bob should be praised.
He is being praised. This is how we praise Bob.
This is how we polish Bob's mouth.
This is the way we worship our Bob.
We take care of Bob like no one else.
Repeat after me.
No, you repeat after me.
Bob is fine.
Bob is ice.
Bob appears and Bob is light.
Bob is nice.
You know, just saying it doesn't make it so.
Bob is not nice.
Yea, verily.
Yea, verily.
I know, if Bob's looking in the window, are you the servant that opens it so he can piss in?
Weep no more.
Onions will no longer provoke tears.
I only know about it because I had to seek out the magic towel that night.
For Bob has arisen.
Well, you shouldn't have.
You should have been able to continue.
Again and again and again and again.
It makes me want to go to Grandview camping.
Bob never goes down.
Bob never goes down.
Bob is always up.
He's always up.
Always up, dude.
He never has to seek out the adult catalogs that other subgeniuses do.
And you must receive slack in Bob.
Those subgeniuses, too cheap to get on their own computer, must seek out their tiny little
catalogs.
At 848-4425-4529.
520 man is mounted.
Massive collections.
And they're not going to be able to get out.


Bob is a big, massive, huge, erect collection moving toward the bridge.
No, let's not get dirty here.
Massively large, huge, erect collections.
Moving toward bridge.
Oh, he's away from the bridge.
Don't worry about it.
No, don't worry about it.
It's just puzzling evidence and Dr. Howell and Dr. Drummond.
And before that, Chaz and Dave on ESO's Swamp Radio.
This is Hour of Slack number 1814.
A new episode of the ESO Swamp Radio Network.













Some old, some new. I'm back on my feet again instead of flat on my back, finally, after weeks of physical therapy in the form of controlled torture.
And by gobs, it actually worked. Slow and steady. No pain, no gain.
Regular application of the poop dog hat and hourly exposures to the photo of that.
That, plus endless repetitious stretches.
If you feel, you heal, and I had lots of feels.
In fact, friends, I guess I've been denying the severity of my little arthritic aches and pains for a longer time than I wanted to even remember.
I keep seeing ancient evidence that all that hauling of stage props, cases of subgenius swag products,
and pee-poo,
and NBA gear was stressing my skinny little back bones.
That's been going on for so long it just became background noise for 20 years.
For instance, I found this recording from the year of 2001.
It's me preaching like a sailor at the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland during a revival with Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
This exactly dates.
The first time I started bitching about my aching back in public.
No wonder I cussed so much then.
And I know that some of the young people here are not going to like to hear this,
but I really did have to quit smoking and drinking to excess.
But I would not recommend that to everybody, no!
Because sometimes you have to smoke and drink to excess just to stay alive!
I'm afraid I know how to do it.
I know how that is too.
But my friend, there is an ultimate narcotic.
And it's one that I wish I had more of right this very second.
That ultimate narcotic is sleep!
Sleep!
Oh my God!
And food, my friend!
Food is the only kind of speed that you never crash from.
Now I know I sound sort of like mom saying all that,
but some plain old common sense thing.
But I know I sound sort of like mom saying all that, but some plain old common sense thing.

think thatobaboutbetweenoi.com
But living here in this 20th century universe like we do
and being a bunch of weirdos,
it's easy to forget that.
But just wait until you know it was 3 days...
then you'll know what's important in life
Luckily, I haven't had to cross that particular bridge
but, that reminds me,
But that reminds me,
But that reminds me,
from the audience. Yes, oh, that would be perfect. If you could come up. I have a little
multimedia display here. And stand over here. Stand up front so the folks can see you. I
made this little chart myself at about two in the morning. Friends, my list of priorities
shifted. Now, most of us probably don't write down the ten most important things in our
lives. But I started doing that. And my priorities shifted again when I suddenly remembered what
had been left off the list. Now, these are ranked by immediacy of need. Number one, of
course, air breathing. That's something you often forget. Most people say, oh, the ten
most important things in life. Well, that must be food, sex, and sex.
Well, yeah, sure. When you're 20 years old, that sounds great. But really, let's get real.
The first thing you need is decent air. Number two would be not sex, but water drinking.
Because you can't live for another three hours, another half a day without water. In fact,
I could use a glass of water right now myself. Now, some people would think that number three
would be sex. But no, number three is peeing. To pee.
You can't even live. Once you drink the water, you've got to pee, right? Well, number four,
that must be sex. No, number four is food. So, that sounds boring. But remember, hot
pastrami sandwich. Number five was a toss-up. Was it sh**ping or sleeping? Well, I needed
sleep a lot more than I needed to take a sh**. So, I put sleep on top. But if you go down
one more, it's number six is sh**ping.
Number five was a toss-up. Was it sh**ping or sleeping? Well, I needed sleep a lot more
than I needed to take a sh**. So, I put it on. So here we are. Boıraly You Call IN R
SU borders
Here's what happened. I caught the mommy. Let's whoop the Buddhist.
That's the boy.
We had a COS in the sir before.
We've got a crazy boy here.

that's a rock bo흥
he's got the reinst Paige
Oh...
He just came down the stairs and everything.
He got a
He just came down the stairs.
eating but had better soon. Alright now some of you have noticed something
missing from the list and that would be number eight, money! Notice that money
does follow slack but let's face it it's not interchangeable but it's damn close.
Number nine, the one you've all been waiting for,
FROP! FROP! Now some of you may not know, may not be familiar with subgenius
jargon but FROP is a Tibetan herb that Bob smokes. For some of you, you FROP
might be booze or beer or pot or pills or rock and roll or TV or the government.
I don't know but everybody needs their damn FROP. Now at this point the kids
are going, oh my god, I'm gonna go to jail. I'm gonna go to jail. I'm gonna go to jail.
Okay when is sex coming along? Well it must be number ten. Oh my god, ten!
Your back not hurting! Jesus Christ! You could go on down. Eleven and twelve are sex and Bob.
No longer even, oh and tax, holy sh**. Today's March 15th. I haven't done my corporate taxes yet.
Yes friends, sex and Bob are
no longer even in the top ten. My god! What is this world coming to? Well friends, I'm afraid that this list has been developed by pure untainted, cold, mathematical logic over a number of years.
And some might argue that FROP is too far down on the list or that it's a sad statement about our morals that it's on there at all.
But get real! The only reason that money is on the list at all is that you need the money to make a living.
And you need the money to get the FROP!
Anyway, plenty of you young fools are probably laughing that your back not hurting ranks above sex on my list.
But you'll see! Oh yes, you will see my friend.
Well look, these games life. Can I have another enema please?

Oh, we're on the internet. Yes, we're on the internet. Amazing. Can I have another enema please? Yeah, these games will turn the...
Who really likes a drill of learning English into ZINGlish?
No promises. Or maybe Zwinglish. Maybe it's a way of bringing in Scandinavian occult religious forms. Very possibly.
With blocks? With blocks? Well, it's done. Yeah, actually it does deal with that.
Blocks and also peer groups and various other things like that.
It says here, how to improve your child's English now at your bookstore.
Or mail the coupon for your free examination account.
And then you can get a copy, which you may try out for a whole month.
My child is three and still not reading.
Still not reading? What can I do? What can you do?
Beat it. Beat it. You tried that.
Beat out the rhythm with the drum, right?
Salt Peter? Salt Peter? No.
Is that your name? Ephraim? Have you tried Salt Ephraim? Peter.
Marshall. Have you tried Salt Marshall? Yes. Marshall Salt Peter.
What we've done is when we beat the child, we take salt.
And show the child the word on the book.
If the child gets the word wrong, we put the salt in the wound.
Oh, that's terrible. That's a little thrill.
Zinglish. Yeah, it's zinglish.
It's ready.
Cat. Cat.
That was a C-A-T is cat. Cat.
Ten minutes later, you show him the word.
And he just sits there. He doesn't know. He shakes a little.
So we have to hit him again. Then take the salt and put the salt in the wound. Cat.
Good. Sometimes he's just trying to hide it from us.
You're lucky.
You're lucky your city's been saved from three days of nameless terror because you paid your salt tax.
That's right. Yes.
This city yet unblemished because the blemish have yet to arrive.
Have you seen the tax collector? The salt tax collector? No, I haven't seen him.
This is a man dressed in a blue leather costume who comes knocking on the door.
And I said, what is it? And he says, Richard. No, Richard is locked away.
And John wants his salt tax. John wants the salt tax. And I said, but I.
And he says, give me what is half of what you have in your shop.
And I am but a small joiner, so I have but little for them to take.
Then they commence to take from my kitchen, from my larder, from my pantry.
Yet but I have two pigs in the pen. Were I to give one to John, unto him, what must I say for Richard,
who doth language in yon jail back behind the Hans line?
Oh, one day we will rise up, Robin of Hoffman. He will come. He will save us.
Right now, yet not. It's Robin of Hoffman in the hills of the East Village.
Yes, mistress.
Collecting his men.
Yes, mistress.
His Tompkins Square warriors.
Yeah, the electric park. Right. See that? I love that place.
Welcome. You know, do you know the building where I finally got a room for myself in this town?
I finally got a room in a very nice apartment.
You've been over to the place. It's right at the corner of Vroom.
Oh, I am.
Yeah, Vroom. That's where I'm living.
Yeah, right.
It's a great place, man.
Is that near the?
I'm living right next door.
That's around the corner. I'm living right next door to the, why did you get water?
Oh, yeah.
You watch out, Peter. One day you'll get a place in Manhattan that'll even be worse.
That's right. That's true.
Because those New Jersey places are not so hot.
They are though during the summer. They're incredibly hot.
Very hot.
Yeah, I lived in Garbage Heights, right? Right at the corner of Hell and oh.
Yeah, near.
That's right.
During Reconstruction.
That's right.
Joined the gun club out there.
Oh, you did?
Yeah.
I went there and.
Get your head down, you fool.
Look, there's a postman over there with a grenade launcher.
Where? Over the keep town.
Where's registration? Over there by that copse.
That corpse?
Copse.
Right there where that column of smoke is rising.
Get your head down.
Just crawl on over there.
But it really gets noisy on election day. I'll tell you.
Then they bring out the white soldiers.
All the time we see nothing but the red men coming out. Red soldiers.
I say, bring on the white soldiers. No, not ready for them to move. You're just a pawn.
Well, don't talk to a rook that way. It's a rook. Society's rook.
Right, right. King Scam. Right to Queen Shuck Four.
Queen Sleaze.
But the knight.
Bishop's Dodo 12.
The knight is a Bonwit window dresser. Tries to create sex heaven in those windows night after night.
That being him.
It's a great show though.
It's a great city.
It's a great place to live.
The Firesign Theatre from the collection Dope Humor of the Seventies.
And now from the Dobstown Mirror.
With lovely background music by Cyberchun.
Truth outweighs fact.
Look hard at the face of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Keep staring until one of you blinks.
Whispering voices inside.
What musicians do you like who are also in your religion?
And what musicians do you like who are not?
Why aren't they all in or all out?
Aren't beliefs and preferences supposed to be the same thing?
Maybe to some believers beliefs and preferences are supposed to be the same thing.
In the Church of the Subgenius we say,
Believe me out of it.
Once you've paid your money to Bob, we actively don't care what you do or believe.
Many are never ready for that freedom of choice.
But I'm an atheist.
Okay, we get it.
You too.
Are you ready to be the kind of free thinker who thinks freely?
Or are only the approved heresies going to cross your teeth?
When you join the Church of the Subgenius, two things happen.
First, everything you like becomes part of your clench as a moral good, an aesthetic treasure, and a self-consistent spiritual truth system.
Second, everything you don't like becomes bad and evil and is a false prophet to be cast out.
Who wouldn't want that kind of slack?
And oh yes, you do get to ride on a flying saucer to leave Earth forever on July 5th.
1998.
Praise Bob and thanks to the Dobbs Docktown Mirrard.
And now this, from the Subgenius movie, J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, by Sandy Boone.
Here's Paul Mavridis.
We actually are a religion.
You know, that seems like an art piece, that seems like a religion,
that seems like performance art, that seems like a joke, that seems like a religion.
Simply because we're involved in something that is funny,
we don't believe that for that reason we should be taken any less seriously.
We started getting invited to things like art museums.
They thought it was performance art.
Ivan Stang was approached by a fellow in San Francisco who wanted to put on a subgenius party in San Francisco.
And so we pictured some storefront or a loft or something with a hundred people.
And we went, yeah, we'll do that.
And we came back to the second meeting and Tom was all excited.
He had gone out and rented a 900-seat theater for two nights.
Cisco tonight is the location of the first international subgenius world survival crusade.
TV stations picked up on the show.
It all began with the book of the subgenius.
And the church's deity, Bob Dobbs.
I was preparing tacos one day for my children.
Now Bob.
The face appeared and it's Bob.
The night of Slack Show in San Francisco in 1984 was the first time anybody had put any money into a subgenius show.
And flew several people from Dallas and other cities into San Francisco.
And there was even a paid stage man.
And there was a stage manager.
There were people building sets just for that show.
About half the people here will have a great time.
The rest of them will probably run for the exits.
The one thing none of us were at that point and still aren't are professionals.
And I knew that nobody had ever been in front of an audience as big as the one we were hopefully going to draw.
I remember Friday night going out around the corner of the Victoria Theater.
And the line went out up to Mission and around the corner.
I almost threw up because I thought, we're not showmen.
These people are paying $7.50.
It looked like it was going to be a disaster.
As people were coming in, we had a galvanized tub of evil looking Kool-Aid.
Some people would come over and they would take it eagerly.
The Dixie cups, just like they did in Jonestown.
And they would drink it and they would come over and say, how long till I get off?
And they thought it was like Kool-Aid.
Acid Kool-Aid.
Right.
And it was like, oh, about 20 minutes.
Of course, some people were very nervous.
The real question was, is this cyanide or LSD?
We made sure it was like non-sweetened so we wouldn't kill any diabetics.
It was a great, it was really the first event where a lot of people got together and said, hey, we're all subgeniuses and rubbing elbows.
The Night of Slack ran for two nights and was surprisingly successful.
It was the first show that Bob Dobbs himself ever showed up at.
We were not expecting that.
We weren't expecting that at all.
He walked out on stage and puzzling evidence, Doug Wallman runs out and shoots him with a handgun.
Right in front of everybody.
Oh my God, Bob was killed that night.
It was so sad.
We were coming from the airport and I got to thinking,
if you want to sell a religion, you have to kill the deity.
That's how you do it.
So I shot Bob thinking the thing would just take off.
The audience went berserk.
But the funny thing was the cops didn't care.
Nobody cared.
Afterwards, people were having drinks.
The band was dancing on the corpse of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
It was this chance to just, you know, sing and dance and be crazy.
It was really, really, really, really fun.
Science does not remove the terror of the gods.
We can't do much about those evil gods from the other side of the cosmos.
But enough of this.
You don't want to hear about this.
Who is the right hand man of Bob?
Who sits on the right hand side of Bob?
None other than the Reverend Ivan Stang.
I'm not here to talk about the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
One of the things that we like to talk about
was how the Church of the Subgenius would allow you to control your own time.
Now, can we have the house lights up a little bit?
We decided to have our producer be our plant in the audience.
There's a main doctrine of the church called time control.
Many people don't know it. Would you take your watch off?
It's a nice watch.
Here it is.
All right.
Break it!
And then before he presumably could be stopped,
Ivan put the watch down on the concrete block
and not just smashed the watch,
but broke the concrete block into pieces.
And then what happened was the unexpected.
We were going to move on to the next thing,
but people in the audience suddenly ran up to us
and started taking their watches off and throwing them on stage.
Some of them were really nice watches,
but the audience demanded that we smash them all.
Doug had us sit up there smashing one after another.
So there it was.
The audience was ready to take it way beyond what we were doing.
I thought, this thing goes farther than I ever imagined.
We had to run for the exits,
but only in order to get you this report on time tonight.
However, if you're the kind of person who likes to pull the wool over your own eyes,
church is in session again tomorrow at 8 p.m.
That was great.
Cheaper. Better.
When I think of people who in the past have done me wrong,
I don't think they're thinking of me.
They've forgotten what they did or thought what they did was right.
No, it's just me.

Me thinking about it, and nobody else.
If I stopped thinking about it,
not only would the event be in the past,
but even its memory would be in the past,
as if it never happened at all.
Good thing I keep reviewing what happened,
keeping it fresh in my mind.
Otherwise, poof, it's gone forever,
and with no added effort.
Every wish is equal to every other wish.
Making a wish for winning a million dollars,
in the lottery,
is equal to making a wish for winning ten million dollars,
in the lottery.
Or five dollars.
All wishes cost you the same amount.
Wish away those tightly clutched bad memories.
There is not a reason to be stingy or modest with your wishes.
Don't be wishy-washy.
Thank you, Dobbs.town mirror.
And now this.
Ah, the scrotum guy.
What's the name, the scrotal twins, or whatever their name is?
Oh, the back thunder.
That's what they often call it in psychic phenomena.
Back thunder, the pyroflatulator.
No, that means that the times ellipses
are kind of like melting away.
They're refracturing into each other.
That means that tomorrow may actually be...
The time intersection.
Right, tomorrow may actually be today.
The time intersection.
And so it was spelled.
So it was.
Time was done.
Back to that first hour.
That purple bucket monitor.
Emperor Stingy took out his wallet
and decided to end it or begin it all.
Sure, it could just be another stupid subgenius revival.
Or...
It could be the time intersection.
Or it could be a bunch of puteras with a hair all full of like these weird little jelly beans
and things like that.
The potato man and the thumb people will come together.
Some of them are Charlie and Bob.
For Bob.
A cacophony of beautiful...
Well, my friends,
uh,
uh,
for years now,
Reverend One Encantabyte has been kind of a...
a co-writer of a lot of my rants.
And he's co-written his own rants with himself many times.
But here's a...
There's a new guy who's thrown out one-liners at an incredible pitch.
He's done this before.
He just sent me another...
big list of one-liners that,
I guess,
if one took the time,
could turn all of these into one big rant.
If you used connective tissue.
Uh...
Hmm...
For instance...
Even the book of the subgenius describes Bob
as a short-duration personal savior.
You might say
he's the wham-bam thank-you-ma'am of gods.
But what is a subgenius?
A subgenius is someone who says yes to a job now
and learns how to do it later.
You may be dumb,
but at least you're smart about it.
There are no fools among you.
You are among the fools.
If I had a dollar for every time I heard someone say...
If I had a dollar for every time I heard someone say...
I'd have just made myself another dollar.
But money is dirty,
so let Bob use his dust-buster on your wallet.
Now remember,
when invoking the name of Bob in the written word,
you must never forget the quotes around his name,
which differentiate him from all of the ordinary Bobs of the world.
And when invoking the name of Bob in the spoken word,
you must at least mentally infer them.
Also, never use smart quotes.
For Bob only speaks in dumb quotes.
Perception of the truth is more important than the truth.
True or false?
I only believe in two things.
Bob and the fact that he doesn't exist.
Now don't you know that all things weird are part of the conspiracy?
It's them trying to out-weird us.
We're getting out-weirded when we should be getting weirded out.
And you know, if you say the word weird enough times,
over and over again,
it starts to sound weird.
Thank you, Reverend Elvis Martini.
And CyberChump for the music in the background.
And now this.
This being Dr. Hal Robbins,
guesting on the old TV show Conspiracy Zone,
with host Kevin Nealon.
More Zone.
We're talking about secret societies,
and I'd like to introduce a material witness.
He's the master keeper of church secrets for the Church of Subgenius.
Say hey to Hal Robbins.
Joe!
Big crowd here for Hal, huh?
I see you have some fans here, Hal.
Yes, you can see the Church of the Subgenius
isn't all that secret,
because many of them are clearly in the audience.
Well, how does your church view these other secret societies, Hal?
It's all really the same conspiracy, according to us.
We call it the conspiracy, or the con for short.
Oh, I see. I see.
What are your reactions to our panel here?
Well, I found it interesting.
Any discussion of masonry is interesting.
It's not generally known that Buzz Aldrin of Apollo 11
actually brought a masonic flag to the moon.
Yeah, he did a ritual.
Well, I don't know if he did a ritual.
He did. He did a ritual on the moon.
But that happened.
Why didn't we see the flag?
Well, they decided it might scare people or confuse them,
somewhat like this show.
I would think so.
Well, you know, you are subgenius.
Yes, I'm one of them.
How many people in your church?
Well, it's not generally known,
because they tend not to be joiners.
And they don't usually get together,
except on special occasions.
And how often is there a special occasion?
Well, every now and then we have devivals, as we call them.
Devivals?
We perform healings and sickenings and other things like that.
Pretty successful with that?
Oh, yes. We sicken a great number of people.
You sicken me.
Well, it may be contagious.
Do you guys wear hats at all?
Oh, we have all kinds of headgear that we wear.
Headgear?
Okay.
You mean, when you say headgear, you're talking about like, what?
Well, the fez, which the masons and the shriners like,
and pointy hats that we have.
We have hats of all geometrical shapes.
You're the master keeper of the church?
The master of church secrets, they call me.
Yeah.
People tend to lose them.
They get misplaced, and so I gather them up.
It sounds very disorganized, your whole organization.
Well, it is disorganized.
You see, since subgeniuses, each subgenius is under his own genius, under his own spirit,
and not under the control of somebody else.
The idea is that the con, the conspiracy, wants to take away your slack.
The subgenius must have slack.
And it wants to sell you false slack.
It wants to make you work for a living.
It wants to make you do what they want.
And slack is the opposite of tension.
It's leisure, the basis of culture.
It's the time, the slack time, in which everything important in your life is done.
And that's what the con wants to take from you.
And now more from Reverend Elvis Martini's little collection of rant bits.
They say you should live life like you're going to die tomorrow.
But I prefer to live life like I'm never going to die.
I personally, friends, say, why not both?
And then he comes along and basically says that too.
Live life like you're never going to die, but also as if you could easily be killed.
A nihilist, an existentialist, and an absurdist are having a conversation.
The nihilist says, life has no meaning.
The existentialist says, life has no apparent meaning.
The absurdist says,
apparent meaning has no life.
We firmly believe that procrastination is the only way to get things done.
That and radical centrism, where you believe only the most extreme nonsense from both sides.
Bob, frop, give me, for I have had a lack of sin.
One of the reasons I got the boot the first time around was that I was taking it all way too seriously.
For I was without slack.
After all, the subgenius doesn't join in order to be lectured.
The subgenius reluctantly hangs around in order to be told that which she or he has already long suspected.
That they are right!
Folks, I have a Bob bumper sticker on the back end of my car for two days.
I have two reasons.
Firstly, to serve as a reminder that sometimes people follow Bob a little too closely.
The other is so that for every person who gets behind me, I can say, I'm better than you.
Because it doesn't matter whether or not that's actually true.
The important thing is that it's being said.
There's a good reason that Bob is supposed to be a short duration personal savior.
Anything longer than that, and it might all go straight to his head.
Because the moment you get Bob, you've got him wrong.
It's like Zen mixed with Bullshit, which is exactly what Zen is.
Funny thing is, there's wisdom in Bullshit.
There are smart ways to be dumb.
Thank you, Reverend Elvis Martini, for those bits and pieces of rants.
Perhaps into one big rant.
And thanks to Cyberduck, uh, CyberChump for the music.
I use Cyberduck for something else.
You see, the first subgenius, the first truly slack-filled man was J.R. Bob Dobbs.
This is his image on my lapel here.
Yeah, and what's below that?
Oh, well, that's a little rocket that is a badge of the subgenius radio show that we do out in the hinterlands.
And what's right below that?
Oh, that's tomato sauce, I'm sorry.
Either that or lint, I think.
How many lints?
Well, you know, is it hard to get into a secret society?
If I wanted to get into a secret society, how would I do it?
I'd just feel stupid for sending the 30 bucks.
You'd just walk on the door.
You could go down to Langley and say, I want to join the CIA, and they would probably...
I don't want to join the CIA. I want to go where I can get a hat.
Where you can get some slack, in other words.
Yeah, or some slack.
Well, you can join, but what you can't do immediately is get up into the upper echelons.
You can get into the winking, towel-snapping, back-slapping, little car-riding part.
But you can't get up into the upper echelons.
You can't get up into the part that is starting to interfere with the politics of nations.
Well, Mark, you're an expert on secret societies.
I am not. I wouldn't call myself an expert, you know.
But I think that the best thing you can do is start your own secret society.
Yeah.
How do you know I haven't already? Huh?
How do you know I haven't already?
Because who would join it, man?
It's very secret. It's very, very secret.
Some people can keep a secret.
Yeah, I'm the guy.
And you're right, the Freemasons would like me, because I can't keep a secret.
Okay.
The secret that the Freemasons want is for what is hidden to be revealed.
Right.
And to that degree, this show is an agent of Freemasonry.
Yeah.
As well as subgenius, because we're getting all this propaganda out, too.
So you remember whether you like it or not.
All right. Well, I don't want to be a slack, so I...
No, you do want slack.
I do want slack. Okay.
Not my secret society. We don't take no slack from nobody.
But we need money, so we're going to take a look at a commercial.
When we come back, we're going to take some questions from our audience.
Okay, friends, we've talked about Eyelash, the new book of subgenius...
Well, it's the first subgenius science fiction novel by Reverend Nikolai Kingsley.
We've published science fiction before, but it was always short stories and anthologies.
Lonesome Cowboy's Dave's Neighbor World is a science fiction novel,
but it's not subgenius-centric.
Eyelash is, very much so.
In fact, here's a section where this...
Okay, our two main characters, Elif and Ty, have been forced into working for an Exist in outer space,
doing a kind of a job, and they're getting a bit depressed.
The Exist name is Russ.
And this Exist...
happens to take the physical form of a beautiful Earth woman.
Russ...
To his surprise, Russ came to his aid.
Would you like me to tell you about Planet X?
Elif managed to conceal his glee beneath a chintzy drape of low-level hostility
before asking himself why she wanted to change the subject so readily.
I suppose so, he said, wondering how much of it would be factual.
Tell me of your homeworld.
It's what you would call a gas giant.
No sun, mostly frozen methane.
We live in tunnels carved in the core.
If you could survive at that pressure and temperature, you wouldn't see anything.
Very little free energy of any wavelength.
We prefer it that way. It's much safer.
Terrible things happen on planets with too much activity.
X-quakes, storms and the like.
Somewhere above, perhaps three levels up near the surface of the eyelash,
a chort slammed into the generator wall, making it shake,
metal shavings raining down and striking sparks off the exposed cables on the way.
How the hell did life even begin under those conditions? Elif asked.
Eriley, she says, oh, we got our start somewhere else.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter where.
It was destroyed long ago.
Sucks to lose your home planet.
I'm sorry, I guess.
Don't be.
We destroyed it ourselves.
In fact, we had it carved into slices and sold.
We've always been commercially astute compared to the lesser races.
The lesser races, friends.
Elif was thinking of cold corridors carved from methane ice, completely black and silent,
with awful things dragging themselves along the polished floors,
sneering soundlessly at each other as they passed,
thousands of miles of darkness above, pressing down endlessly.
I'm not sure I like the idea of living there, but we wouldn't be living on Planet X, would we?
Or in it, right?
Of course not.
We don't allow the lesser races anywhere near our homeworld.
And besides, I'm sure you've worked out by now that,

the whole tribe going to the promised land thing is an idea left over from the hundreds of thousands of years
that primates spent as nomads.
There was an uncomfortable pause while Russ let this sink in,
and Elif tried in vain to put a positive spin on it.
Oh, don't look so worried.
We value the subgenii.
Life won't be so bad on the reservation.
There's always a use for a good subgenii.
And I'm sure you've seen this set of prehensile monkey fingers,
even if they did evolve primarily for picking peanuts out of poop.
And that was from Eyelash by Reverend Nikolai Kingsley,
published by Subgenius Foundation, see subgenius.com or Amazon.
But we prefer...
Well, I signed the copies you buy from us,
because I did the foreword.
The music in the background, by the way, is by CyberChump.
Their Moment of Perfect Happiness is the name of this double CD.
It's a great rug for reading stuff in the background, don't you think?
And now this.
That was an amazing evening,
and also I met my first crazy subgenius.
This was the first person I ran into
who took it all the wrong way.
He came up to me after that second show,
and he was livid.
The people in Dallas that did this thing,
and Bob, when they find out you're just making a Sonny and Cher comedy show out of it,
they're gonna kill you.
This is terrible.
Look in this book here.
It says stop what you're doing right now.
This is serious.
This is not a fan club.
This is not a joke.
And I said, dude, I wrote all that stuff.
Me and Philo got high one night,
and we wrote all this crap.
Give me a break.
It really shook me up.
It was a little bit scary.
We realized some crazy people are attracted to this.
You know, the ones that are like,
where's Bob?
Where's, no, where's the real Bob?
I think what starts off like a joke,
a few, you know, kind of believers
who want their life to have a little more meaning than it does,
or they feel it does,
and then they get a little,
too gung-ho,
they want to adhere a little too much.
They start believing a little too much,
and, you know, and then here we go.
You are playing with fire.
And the idea of taking fire
and doing what the subgenius did,
which is setting off fireworks,
it's really beautiful.
It's really fun.
And every second of that,
just a little bit of gas,
a little bit of gasoline,
and it'll tear your face off.
There are religions that were originally intended to be jokes,
and then they turned into gangs,
you know, into mafias.
I'm here to offer you an opportunity to know the truth
so that if you can connect with it,
then you might survive.
It's kind of a horrifying moment when we realize that,
you know, we could probably pick up 300 people randomly
from anywhere who would pledge their lives to us
if we asked them to.
I suspect that some of the people
who call themselves subgenius
were actually replacing their childhood religion with this.
And that wasn't my worldview,
but when I saw people do that,
it was a little scary.
I guess I was angry at everyone.
I'd been treated pretty s***ty my entire life by folks.
Their message appealed to me.
The traditional exchange is that you take responsibility for them.
They want you to tell them what to do.
And this was the kind of power we didn't want.
It was the exact opposite of what we were aiming for,
which was to remove people.
We were trying to get people from that kind of a hook.
There are people who really want to join this cult
and want it to be everything it says it is,
and then when they find out that it's not anything it says it is,
they get really mad.
No talking laughing now!
You've heard our phrase,
s*** them if they can't take a joke.
This is important to us.
Just when we think you might get a handle on,
oh, it's a collaborative network of artists all over the country,
that's all it is.
Oh, no, that's not what it is.
It's really a secretly sort of a subversive organization.
No, no, it's not really that.
It's just a bunch of drunk guys in Dallas trying to freak people out.
You either got the joke or you didn't.
And you got the joke instantly or you didn't.
Occasionally people will call us out on that whole s***
if they can't take a joke thing.
It's like, well, that just excuses everything.
No, it's just funny.
When was the last time you gave a straight answer?
Well, these are all...
We don't care whether they get the joke or not.
Half of them can't.
We're trying to make you laugh,
but also maybe shock you a little bit with our irreverence.
And you may think it's funny, we hope you do,
but if you don't, you shouldn't punish us,
because we are trying to deliver medicine of a sort.
And if you can't take the joke, then please go f*** yourself.
Nick Offerman was the master winger
and woodworker there from Sandy K. Boone's documentary
J.R. Bob-Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
now streaming on everything except Netflix, apparently.
Voices you heard in that segment include
yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stack,
Dr. Philo Drummond,
Paul Mavridis,
Richard Linklater,
Reverend Penn Gillette,
Dr. Howell,
Reverend Kelly Cash,
Dr. Legume,
and Nurse Vicki.
And others.
You know, because that's where it's going to be in the future.
The 420 will be 500.
You know, I brought a banana, but I can't find it.
I lost it somewhere and I'm hungry now.
The show is just going on and on and my hunger is...
Parting is one of the best things to do for your brain.
Really?
The show is, yeah, I know.
If you listen to this show, you are smarter by 23.5%.
I like to do good things for my brain.
I like to give my brain a good massage.
Do you? Are you a break thinker?
One of those shiatsu massages.
Just open up my skull.
Yeah.
And start kneading the gray matter.
Uh-huh.
Sort of a self-trepanator, right?
Yeah.
So...
I don't use any fancy cutting tools.
Yeah, none of those sharpened pieces of jade.
I don't...
I hear somebody's cell phone making a weird...
That weird buzz.
Yeah, you know who that is.
That's my breathing.
Hear it?
That's my air tube.
Oh, okay.
That's the government listening to this show and all the other shows on KPJ.
Are you still in that iron lung?
I've upgraded to the new plastic lung.
Oh, okay.
One of those new fangled things.
Says Reverend Elvis Martini,
a super subgenius would not be a super genius.
It's the sub part that would be considered super.
And what is super sub if not extraordinarily sub?
Perhaps the term subpar genius would be more appropriate.
Subgenii, it is known, have been far more likely, at least in the past,
to suffer attacks from other subgeniuses than from pinks.
Other subgenii at least think so.
They think they know what it means to be a subgenius.
A pink has no clue and therefore no dog in the fight.
Jail Dobbs!
Because it's only slightly less trendy to hate Bob than it is to love him.
Bob lived so that we may die.
Stop opening your minds.
Start opening your wallets.
The conspiracy is an erection.
And Bob is a subgenius.
Bob is the spit in your hand.
Anyone who says they know what the meaning of life is
probably wants to sell you something.
And anyone who says that there is no meaning of life
probably wants to steal something from you.
Bob doesn't get clean.
He accumulates dirt until it starts to sheen.
Bob gets so filthy that the grime takes on the grime.
He becomes a shape of slacks, a shirt and a tie.
The con, Reverend Elvis Martini says here,
is the part of human nature that suggests you should go along with the ride
no matter how evil or intellectually dishonest it may be.
It tells everyone that you should go along because, because.
The exes have been with us for a long time.
They have been withholding aid to the earth for decades
in order to pressure the church into announcing
that it's investigating a conflict of interest.
Bob himself sells drilling equipment.
And every ex day is just a drill.
Nooooooooooo!
And what else is here from Reverend Elvis Martini?
You can't spell conspiracy without piracy.
Bob do don't, and Bob don't do.
I think this one's meant sarcastically.
A true sign of intelligence and independent thinking is talking about how mindless and sheep-like everybody else is.
It's the best way to let everyone know that you're not like anyone.
Yep, that's right, those independent thinkers who all call everybody else sheeple while wearing the same hat.
Thank you Elvis Martini for those random bits and pieces.
Thank you CyberChump for the excellent background music.
Non-distracting, but very pleasant and trippy.
And Price.
Bob.
And you can get more information about everything from subgenius.com
or Pobox 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
Let there be slack.
And you can get more information about everything from subgenius.com or Pobox 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
Let there be slack.
And you can get more information about everything from subgenius.com or Pobox 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
Let there be slack.
And you can get more information about everything from subgenius.com or Pobox 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.

Answer in service.
Of whom I'm neither neither rain nor snow.
You know, of course, you can't say half of what he says here on KPF.
Yep.
9-4-1-1.
This is the bastion of free speech.
And for that reason, we watch.
We watch to make sure it is only the right speech.
To make sure.
This is America.
Plus, I read in that book over there, there's things you can't say.
On program independent info.
Yeah, it's in there.
It's written down.
Because the lawyers swarm all over KPFA and try to close it down.
Right.
Although that'll happen from inside Pacifica anyway.
So you must listen to KPFA and find out more about all the crazy stuff that's going on.
The dialogue on the...
KPFA is going to need your help.
And that's going to be the last thing we'll worry about here.
I can hear you.
It'll be more like giant armed goons coming in with big...
Big pictures.
Big giant...
Big pictures.
... hairy cockroaches with spider limbs and pitchforks.
And they'll show the big pictures to everybody.
And big giant pictures.
And we'll point at the pictures and say, see, now, if you had a cockroach, you could do that too.
But unfortunately, you're...
Wow.
You're...
It's a show.
You're on the show instead.
You are on the show instead.
You are on the show.
Well...
And this week, it's easy not to listen, right?
It's easy, yeah.
Last week, she couldn't stop listening.
No, yeah.
She couldn't go to sleep.
You could throw the show away tonight.
Well, I didn't really want to be on the show.
I just wanted to...
Yeah, I don't blame you.
I wanted to find out what that thing was that you were talking about.
But...
No, they always want something, friends.
And we all want more time.
Time on the show.
Except she didn't.
The show from KPFA Berkeley.
The puzzling evidence and Dr. Howell.
Normally Dr. Howell.
Dr. Philodrumon just then.
You know, that show has been around longer than the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack.
Which is what you're listening to right now.
And...
Friends, let's let this old soulful tearjerker song about weirdos take us out from our biggest
weirdo radio heroes of all, the Firesign Theater.
Where's that Kleenex box?
Hey, over there in the corner, one of our dearest old friends.
Nick Danger.
That's right, friends.
Nick Danger and Silver Beetle's with you tonight.
Hi, everybody.
That's right.
And my little old friend, Nick Danger.


He's a lady, girl, Danger.
We have a song here we'd like to sing for you.
My friends are all crazy, they're mad as loons.
They talk all at once, it's a hundred tunes.
You hear them at night as you push down the highway.
Like loons landing at some exclusive loon flyway.
And oh, can it be true, y'all feel free to just join in, that there's no rest for the
wicked, no peace for us two.
Amazing what sounds you can get out of a banana.
Now the laughers and screamers, their crosstalk is incredible.
It's all you can do to believe they're inedible.
And policemen and doctors, hover round the edges.
As they drag in new converts and make them sign pledges.
And oh, can it be true, well, that there's no rest for the wicked.
No peace for us two.
Now me and my sweetheart have tried to escape.
We've secretly put down our thoughts on this tape.
And we're sending it out to all who might hear.
Don't you talk all at once or you'll wind up right here.
And oh, can it be true, that there's no rest for the wicked.
No peace for us two.
Alright, one more verse.
A passage of loons to their home in the sky.
Don't tempt me a bit to think I'll pass it right by.
So listen up friends now, you've heard my sad tune.
Don't be tempted to talk all at once like a loon.
And oh, can it be true, that there's no rest for the wicked.
No peace for us two.
Y'all sound beautiful tonight.
