hey if you don't call it jane's gonna hear no music now you want to all go home or what
the soul genius
but back here at the duplication hall the muffled sounds were driving
driving us driving us mad they were driving us mad the input is now it goes into analog
and now here at the victory theater on buenovich decor in beautiful sham from rockin cisco
the night of clarabelle the ding weasel people and the shouting lizards
sing
singing in perfect unison for your indecent delays and your artistic miscreants
oh yes dear friends for this episode number 1827 i'm gonna surprise myself
i'm gonna assemble the show assap without even listening to any of it first
well actually i did hear all of it before just not since 2001
and not in this
one
my task of making hour of slack easier for me
by putting all subgenius audio on one huge 14 terabyte hard drive is done
although there's more sorting to do and i'm late already my god it's thursday
april 22nd i'm doing these credits first then i'll organize the files by title
then in theory we'll both be hearing this show for the first time
the credits are easy
it's all from eso swamp radio from wcsb cleveland
professor chaz smith's show but with me and lone cow dave doing most of the talking
princess we was there sometimes too
it's all from one archival collection called best of eso number 11 or eso bo number 11
in between each track i plan to put really short clips from this short funny clips folder
and voila! a short funny clips folder! i'm so happy to be here! thanks for watching! i'll see you next time! bye bye!
the show is done and i can get back to all the other stuff on my list today such as
slacking off
and killing bob
the subgenius must have slack!
he be slacked or zombie
no
i'll be alright i got the dog race good and there's no outside windows
mr smith he tried to kill me he tried to kill me
we were in the store and he kept going faster and faster
lay your hands on the radio lay your hands on the radio


there in the home and we're gonna look to god
dirt on my face
i really think that bob is enjoying it he just has this wonderful sort of cheshire cat smile
on july 5th 1998 7 a.m when we all have hangovers wotan's judgment will take place in the form
of what the priest scriptures call the advent of the angelic host
oh this is timothy larry reminding you that just as you need slack bob's out!
needs your help send in those pledges and praise bob
oh slacker
poderia 않을

oh Game David
this house restaurant whatever They were all having some kind of a party and then they ordened

fire to the walls and just kept partying away while the place burned down around
them it was like a vision of hell itself but people just kept paying money
walking in swigging drinks at the bar their clothes on fire they just laughing
it up it was if they didn't feel any of it it was kind of a cult like a name and
in the end they were all dead I stood outside watched the place burn to the
ground it was like they you know they they all acted like this was something
they did every night
you got me don't ask me I don't know nothing about it I just soon stay here
working at the at the quick shop
it looks like that
I I
I
Some of my friends are believers.
Some of my friends are believers.
I'm not trying to put them down.
But I ain't gonna give away all my worldly goods.
I've already been through.
I had religion once.
I was in the Jehovah's Witnesses.
Had me give my Cadillac away.
The world was supposed to end on April 23rd.
We all sat around the hilltop waiting for the end of the world.
Well, after a while we got bored waiting and wandered off.
So I ain't gonna fall for none of that stuff this time.
But you know what I heard that was really sad?
I saw in this newspaper it said the Loch Ness Monster was dead.
I seen it right on the cover of that newspaper.
It was so sad.
It looked like a giant prairie squid or a big oyster with flippers on it
and a cute little otter's head.
Aww.
And she was...
Did you know it said in there she was over a thousand years old
and left a little tiny baby Loch Ness Monster homeless?
Friends, you don't want to let that little baby Loch Ness Monster go hungry, do you?
No, for in her belly are thousands of spider eggs.
Well, here in the Church of the Subgenius we offer
the special food.
Food and toys and modeling clay and clothing to those slackless children.
You know...
Even cosmetics and toiletries.
Those kids that you see the pictures of on milk cartons, they're not lost, friends.
They've just found Bob.
They are frolicking with the baby Loch Ness Monster now in a special swimming pool
at the Home for Slackless Children in Malaysia.
Oh, there is no secret Neptune agenda.
Look, Ness is...
Nessie's dead.
It was all a big hoax.
Well, we'd prefer not to go into too much detail at this time about the origins,
since our own research is not complete.
But the Church of the Subgenius does seem to have a direct connection
with the program known among conspiracy nuts as the Neptune Agenda.
And in fact...
The Neptune Agenda.
Yes, the Neptune Agenda, which we can trace the beginnings back to the discovery of sonar
in 1915.
It's a watery, fishy theory, a philosophy, a conspiracy.
Well, it seems that after the first use of sonar to detect German U-boats in the North
Atlantic, unusual and cryptic Morse code messages began to be received by listeners in many
different areas.
A separate code of a logarithmic nature was created to communicate with what turned out
to be aquatic mammals.
I probably shouldn't elaborate further here, because some of the things I've picked up
about this seem very new-agey, stupid, having to do with ley lines and a global network
of crystal skulls used as mind control transmitters to direct the actions of technologically advanced,
or left-brained, humans.
I can hear the talar caracara.


This is the way I navigate.
I move my body close to the earth.
The talar occurrence, it will talk the insides of my ears.
Sonar.
Sonar.
Sonar.
You can hear the whales of the briny deep moan out their love songs.
They can hear me, yes, they can.
Lonesome cowboy Dave up there on the prairie could hear them whales all the way out in
the ocean.
And he knew he wasn't going to be lonesome for long.
He'd heard from old Bob what fun a giant sea-cation, sea-going mammal could be.
Oh yeah, they're not that different from human beings, really, the way their bodies are set
up.
They're warm-blooded.
Warm-blooded.
Mmm.
When you're in the freezing, frigid Atlantic Ocean, and you got you a kind of...
Romantically-inclined she-whale, and you're a particular lonely cowboy preacher with
a guitar, you smell that ambergris floating on the seashore there.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
You'll drop your sheep and your horses and just shuck your chaps and go swimming right
out there.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Lonesome cowboy Dave riding them dolphins all the way out to meet his queen, the great
blue whale in the center of the North Atlantic.
Yes.
Dave Tristed, just as had his mentor Bob.
But unfortunately, whereas Bob was man enough to handle a female blue whale, Dave got tangled
in the harpoon rope.
He was last seen with his wooden leg a-floppin' as she sounded one last time.
I'm the Blue Death with Davey Joe Logger, we got 1,000, 10,000 stories of Neptune.
Yep.
Dave's back down there underground, underwater, underneath the great web.
I can't fucking breathe.
I can't even breathe.










I feel like I'm suffocating.
This is not as fun as it was before.
I'm just gonna relax this bandage.
Shh.
He was deep, deep inside the blowhole of the she-whale.
He thought he was gonna be having some kind of a big, hot date that night, and here he
was, stuck halfway in the blowhole, halfway out.
She couldn't spout, and that's about all he could do.
Oh, baby, Leviathan be thy name.
I got a wooden leg.
He was...
But they later got over their marital differences, and Dave took up residence inside Mrs. Monstro.
I'll take all the garbage.
I will take all the garbage.
I'm gonna take all the garbage.
I'm in the garbage bag.
All he had to do was occasionally empty the garbage.
I'm in the garbage bag.
I'm in the garbage bag.


I've got a little box out of Mrs. Monstro.
He'd scrape up the old license plates and tin cans and used syringes and so forth that
washed into her stomach that managed to get through the baleens.
He'd have to empty that stuff out now and then.
He was like a parasitic life form inhabiting the body of the she-whale.
Little man's here, little man's there.
Little harpoon cleaning the area.
Little harpoon cleaning the area.



Oh, it's so shiny.
Their only natural enemy was Eskimos and Norwegians and Japanese whaling boats
who had broken the international laws against such things.
Dave was Dave of the whales.
I'll learn this baby's song, and then I'll record it and make a million dollars.
And Dave thought he was going to be a big rock and roll star with Cetacean Whale Song Rock.
See, now, these songs last about a year and a half.
It takes about two years to compose them.
I figure if I just shrink it down in a data bank,
I'll take it all the way down to, like I say, three vibrations for every 25 seconds.
I could have a perfect three-minute pop rock song.
Whale, whale, whale, whale, yeah.
But unfortunately, the new age composer, Yanni,
beat him down.
He beat him down.
He beat him down to it and made all the big money.
Dave and his wife, the female blue whale, Mrs. Monstro,
were left in the gutter singing bad country-western songs
hoping for spare change from the citizenry and tourists
who would walk down the boardwalk there.
Bleak ending for a man who'd never learn to live his life
and let it be that way.
Lost enough to a whale like that, a man like that,
there's something wrong with him.
Well, no, actually, like I said,
the whale is not like it's a different order of animals.
They're mammals.
They're not that different from a person.
They have a vestigial sort of hind leg
and rather a longer tail than people do.
But, you know,
they breathe air, they cry tears,
they weep tears just like you or I.
Well, like you, anyway.
And they don't seem to be able to take very good care of their fingernails.
Why is that?
This fungal growth seems to have traveled all the way
to the base of the spine.
And this basal area here is completely covered with the fungus.
Oh, superstitious, eh?
My great gifts






Dear diary, today I have added a fourth circle
to my pre-pooping ritual.
As before, the first circle is to verify that I do in fact need to poop.
The second is to check for gremlins and men with beards and hats.
The third is to re-verify my need for pooping.
And now the fourth is to honor my newly deceased toy.
Stuffed Llama, rest in peace.
I didn't mean to shake your head off.
I get it.
Here's hoping this romantic pair have a happier ending.
See, she's doing it.
Boy, you gotta watch out. This could lead to dancing.
Bob and Connie really enjoy life.
How much room on the saucers, why?
Holy head!
Don't worry, folks.
This is us.
Gross and perverted.
In gross?
Obsessed and deranged.
Down by the Rose River side.
The eyebrow picker.
And the french fry curler.
These are a few of my favorite things here on Mars.
Can we?
Just sit down here and have a little fireside snack.
You'll notice the person to your extreme right is catching fire right now.
And we'll be ready to eat in a few moments.
Have you guessed me yet?
I'm the slime oozing out from your radio set.
You will obey me while I eat you.
Alright, here we go.
Here we got Frank Zappa's, the real Frank Zappa book here.
Let's read a little bit here while Frank sings.
If you wind up with a boring, miserable life because you listen to your mother, your dad, your priest, to some guy on television,
to any of the people, or someone on radio for that matter,
to any of the people telling you how to do your shit,
then you deserve it.
You want to be a schmuck? Be a schmuck!
But don't wait around for respect from other people.
A schmuck is a schmuck.
I suggest we learn how to take anything badly,
and the bad that happens to us, and polarize it.
Instead of being overwhelmed by a negative event,
dodge to the side like those Tai Chi guys,
and let it whiz by your pants.
Maybe it makes a little breeze big deal.
Please don't mistake this for optimism.
There's an organization in Texas called the Church of the Subgenius,
devoted to the teachings of some guy with a pipe in his mouth named Bob.
I'm not a member, but I'm a member of the Church of the Subgenius.

But I hope local faith can help movement without the Pope.
But to have a man of faith,
and all those Bah bravo to me to their understanding,
is the 놀�ifiant eightfold
This works the same for me even when I'm in my mom and dad's office.
Bible says that for a nation that's enough is ▣
to have my life.


Beautiful disclaimer.
Well, this is the same idea.
If you think about George Clinton saying, free your mind and your ass will follow.
An old Sundiata story of in order to fly, you have to lose your shit.
Here, listen on.
He says, techniques must be developed to enable each of us to escape the other guy's bullshit.
Just as he wishes to escape ours.
Heaven would be a place where bullshit exists only on television.
Pull the wool over your own eyes.
Now, this is a man who came up with nine squadzillion hundred records and albums and CDs in his lifetime.
Who spent all his excess energy creating his shit.
And while he was doing this, all this stuff came into his head.
And so he spat that out too.
And he was right.
And he never had one hit album.
Not one hit song on the top 40.
No.
No.
I think in Genoa, he was probably a big star.
His silliest novelty song, the Montana, moving to Montana scene, the dental floss song.
Yeah.
Was the closest thing.
Dynamo Hum got airplay.
At least in Cleveland, it got a lot of airplay.
Really?
Now, you must think there were a few movies, weren't there?
Not anymore.
In Dallas, nothing got airplay by Frank.
He was not well liked, was he?
Well, sure.
At my house.
At Dr. Drummond's house.
Just, but, you know, but, yeah, they, we, most of my fellow Texans like to torture Frank.
They nailed him up on sticks.
They'd run him through town, painted all tarry and set him on fire.
And, hey, they used to do that to me too.
That's why I left.
That's why Frank left.
That's why we all drifted away.
Frank was also abused by his mom and dad who had supper, if you want to call it that, with their French poodle, Larry.
Frank's father was...
He was a full-blowed army colonel in the New York United States Armies.
His mom was an insane woman who belonged to the Altium Rose Society and made him do things he didn't want to do.
His dad was a strict disciplinarian.
Who are we talking about?
Frank.
That's not true, is it?
Yeah, I think he was an army brat.
No, none of that's true.
No, he was an army brat and they drove him nuts.
They didn't drive him nuts.
Frank Zappa was a relatively sane individual.
Well, no.
No, they drove him sane if that's the result.
You know, there's a shame.
He had good relationships with his parents and stuff.
What I read...
See, then that's another myth exploded.
Well, yeah.
I read that his father was like real anal because he was an army colonel and stuff.
Well, was that Frank Zappa talking or was that...
His mom was like one of those worrying Italian-American ladies who will not leave you alone for one minute.
Dynamo hum.
You went that ugly.
Fuck it.
You're on free fucking whale, doc.
Yes.
Yes, I am.
I'd rather be lucky than smart.
Where are we, Bob?
The code is broken.
Trouble?
Big.
Security.
I have the lid on tight.
Well, take it off for me.
The message is Mars needs women.
Pills, pills, pills, Bob.
Bob, pills.
Bob, pills.
Bob, pills.

Bob, pills.
Bob, pills.

Bob, pills.
Bob, pills.
Zippy, bop, bop.
Praise Bob!
Thanks.
Thanks.
There were a couple times when I didn't think you were buying it.
You know what Jankum is?
I saw one of those TV shows that has America's most fascist, home, hilarious cop abuses.
Oh, those are great.
And it was, I gotta admit, it was pretty funny.
This cop had pulled over this sort of a buck-toothed, hayseed po-bar.
And it was a guy named Jack Walker just got in town, Jasper, sort of a feller talk, kind
of like me.
They love them newcomers.
They're the least mean.
And on the vid, there was a cop and a video cameraman talking to this guy, and the cop's
going, sir, I suspect that you've been smoking marijuana.
Now, do you know why I would suspect that?
And the guy's going, I don't know.
The whole time he's got this joint in his ear, right behind his ear.
The cameraman, of course, zooms in on it.
And, you know.
And it embarrassed me, you know, to see that pot smoker look so very, very dumb.
Because I know it was the beers he had.
And he admitted to the beers.
He said, well, I did just have a couple of beers before I came out here.
But I don't know why you'd think I'd be smoking dope.
And the cop finally points to the joint behind the guy's ear.
And he goes, well, damn.
So I didn't even smoke it.
Now I ain't going to get a chance to smoke it.
If I'd have been smoking it, why would it be?
Well, darn.
That's right, too.
Wasn't it?
Yes, friends.
It's right.
Right, right, right.
The next time you eat a hamburger, don't just eat the hamburger.
Pull the damn joint out from under your ears and smoke him in remembrance of you.
Ah, yes.
And then when you have truly remembered you,
pick pieces off of yourself,
pull yourself into little tiny bits and let the seeds roll away.
And then kind of fluff yourself over into that huge bowl of Bob's giant pipe
and let him smoke you.
And as you become the molecules coursing down and hitting his little airy vulva,
but...

And as you enter Bob's bloodstream,
and as the essence of you becomes that which is interfering with Bob's rational thought...
Don't forget.
Don't forget what you owe Bob at that moment.
You owe Bob more than the air you breathe.
You owe Bob the liquid you reconvert into spatial D-cells and brain signals
like those shown in Mom's.
Like a
sculptural
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
that easily.
Ha!
Here we go.
Look at the monkeys
and the dwarfs
and midgets
and the bears
and the pigs
and the normals
and the subgeniuses
all running around.
I can see them now
as if they were
right in front of me
sweating and farting
like the other
circus animals.
God almighty,
I love the circus.
The smell of the peanuts,
the quaint,
piquant aroma
of the dead chef.
God, I love the circus.
If I could just make
Cavill perhaps live,
one wish it would be
to be in the circus
always front row center
and a master ceremony.
I am afraid, monsieur,
you have failed.
You have failed
the test miserably.
You have taken
a very, very detailed log
of your activities
and your moral,
your moral responses.
You are what we might call
a spud animal.
You little spud man,
little silly spud people.
You would do no
of a roots.
You little spud man.
How can he see in any one direction?
Dirty little man.
He's like a
swollen piece of flesh
that has no use.
Filthy, filthy, filthy.
Dirty, dirty.
Steve, Dr. Dog,
we're ready to tee off now.
Those of you who haven't watched
are gonna have to,
gonna have to,
gonna have to,
gonna have to go back and hit the...
This is Reverend D.K. Jones
in New Jersey.
Great subgenius.
A song called
Midnight Ramblin'.
I don't mean just black men.
I mean you black-hearted
men and women.
Yes.
I'm Midnight Ramblin'.
Yes.
All Midnight Ramblin' faces
are not black.
Yes.
What's our harm?
Yes.
It's as black as midnight.
Yes.
This is Reverend D.K. Jones

in New Jersey.
I'm talking to you.
Yes.
Hold up, men.
Yes.
Yes.
And women.
Yes.
Yes.
You bank robbers.
Yes.
You say so.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
And you bank robbers.
Yes.
And kidnapped.
Yes.
All right.
I'm talking to you.
Yes.
And we got some people in the church
Yes, sir.
just as late
as a midnight ramblin'.
Yes, sir.
I don't know what time
Reverend D.K. Jones
got in last night.
Yes, Reverend D.K. Jones
got in last night.
Yes, they had him.
But you haven't told
why they had that
Mr. Bell.
Why did they have him there?
Yes.
Yes.
He was in jail
for a thing or two.

Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Now, Mrs. Jones,
where was your husband?
Yes.
Where was your husband?
My husband didn't get home
last night.
You told me not to tell you.
No.
Well you don't have to
tell me I'm not holding court.
No.
I'm just telling you
And the jurors will tell him what to do.
Him what to do.
Him what to do.
Him what to do.
Him what to do.
Him what to do.
All right.
And in the corner, you don't mind, you get six long.
Eight.
Ah, ten.
And now I'm talking to you midnight rams.
All right.
Oh, yeah.
Out with somebody else.
But he's got an answer for himself.
Yes, sir.
I went out there for him, but he doesn't stand for himself.
That musical break was Midnight Rambler by D.K. Jones,
from before My Life in the Bush of Ghosts, by the way.
And now Captain Beefheart.
The black paper between the mirror breaks my heart.
The moon frayed through dark velvet lightly at heart.
Steal softly to sunshine.
Steal softly.
Be too slow.
What?
The princess is a creature of antiquity.
Ten million years at least in age.
Dear diary, I told the cat about how my dearest human has promoted me,
teaching me to shake so I can participate in his business dealings.
However, cat pointed out that I'm often unaware of what I'm shaking on.
For example, when I shook the neighbor's hand,
The cat seemed to feel dead.
I did.
And most importantly-

Great-
It doesn't feel like I feel any better.


I'm glad you're out spent about your day.
tet you are.
And then one thing...

Now, Stephen.
We're looking for you since this morning.
I know what you did.
If you agreed to...
I wanted to...
He's hers and hers alone
Cause Toby has to have a girl to call his own
I must have a girl to call my own
For I am Toby, son of Goom
You pitiful, fixed-legged earth fools
Milling about in your cage of only three dimensions
Toby, go find me a nymph
Maynard, bring me a woman
Give me a fury
A hundred of little furies
I want more
Bring me harpies with chests of steel
And bring me the furies themselves
They want Medusa
Yes, I will make love to Medusa
Let her turn me to stone
I could be no stonier of heart
Than I am already
If only the fools would leave me in peace
To complete my experiments
They want to know who I am and what I am
Well, I'll show them
I'll show them all
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
It's here, in this dark cave on the Aegean Sea
Where lights have been seen for scores and scores of years
Fishermen have noticed lights in this cave
For a period of five weeks at a time
During the summer solstice season
And after that time, the lights appear to...
These crop circles, or frock circles as they're called
Originally appeared in wheat fields in England and Ireland
These crop circles, or frock circles as they're called Originally appeared in wheat fields in England and Ireland
Ireland, Scotland.
Lately, they've been appearing as concrete circles
in the center of New York City in Chicago.
Decorated with the bodies of mutilated cats.
Mysteriously mutilated cats.
What could this mean?
There are no secrets in the Church of the Subgenius
and I will not be endangering myself or my family in any way
despite rumors to the contrary
because you, dear listener, will probably not believe a word of it.
It's all just more quaint fiction to you.
Just a lark, a joke.
Eh, well, if the frog circles and the smoke from Bob's pipe are just a joke,
then what is your life?
Your very life, my friend.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Where to begin? Where to begin?
There are so many impossible stories and bizarre events
associated with the Church that it is hard to choose where to start.
Oh, man, this is so like, dude, it's like Venusians in the, like, hollow earth.
They just look like the Nazis.
They're just two weird guys.
They're just dimensions from, I mean, these people from the, they never care.
To set the tone, let me tell you what I've seen with my own eyes
while visiting Palmer Vredes.
Yes.
Artist Hal Robbins, a.k.a. Dr. Hal,
in his San Francisco apartment in 1993.
Hmm.
Well, I'm a good member of the Wellborn House.
Uh, yes.
Lies and Vredes began an apparently innocent brag fight,
each proclaiming their abilities in the most outrageous terms.
But after a quarter hour without significant gain,
Vredes became agitated.
And so did I.
Suddenly swept lamp and telephone from an end table.
Watch this.
He then seemingly lifted the table into the air without touching it.
It shot out the window and crashed onto the sidewalk two floors below
where it burst into flame.
Vredes changed the subject immediately,
and the event was never spoken of again.
Having set the tone with that story,
I can pretty much say anything I want to,
and be assured that no listener will believe a word of it.
On the same visit, I took a trip into the desert
with D. Woodman Atwell of puzzling evidence.
A harrowing experience all around,
for I saw him apparently drive his truck through a concrete wall
without damage of any kind to anything.
Oh!
I was then shown a series of missile silos
from which shone beams of bluish green light
for a period of about two hours,
around midnight.
This is February of 1992.
There were a number of unusual gravitational and magnetic events
in the area around this time.
There were also a number of what I took to be
very large sandstone rock formations
which appeared to change positions when I wasn't watching.
Grrr...
Ah...
Ah...
Thanks for the frog.
Frog.
Frog.
Frog.
This is nothing compared to the bizarre political and extra-legal connections
of the Church of the Subgenius.
Ivan Stang is known to have made trips to England and South America
in the past few years to meet with, among others,
high-ranking members of the P2 Masonic group
and an organization of which the Priory of Zion
and Bilderberger Group are sanitized fictionalizations.
Stang and Drummond are known to be 33rd degree masons
and Stang's position in a control group hinted at as a Texas Mafia
is hereditary through his father, an ex-district attorney for general Dallas.
Stang has employed a man named Doug Smith
to pose as the real-life person of Ivan Stang.
Stang, however, is his real name, although he now uses the Smith name in his daily life.
I have met Smith and can assure you
they are two very different people of entirely different capabilities.
Smith seems to be a victim of arrested development
and though he is the nicest guy you'd ever want to meet,
Stang is perfectly correct in calling him
dumb as Dave.
I have never met Drummond, but the stories I've heard...
uh...
are as strange as anything yet.
Relate.
Now, I've seen the real Doug.
I've seen the real Doug and he is just as smooth as buttermilk pie.
He would never do a harmful thing to another human being.
This other man, now you can see there's a big difference.
Look at his chin right there. There's a big scar on his chin.
And I don't see how they can get away with that.
I've told all my kin so far that this is it with me, boy.
I'm just giving up on everything the government ever says ever again.
I just don't believe it.
Did you see what they had on the head the other night?
They had a man who could actually make a man make a man.
I'm not gonna make a man. I'm not gonna make a man.
Oh...
You're right.
Scrapple.
Scrapple.
Bob put it in Ayn Rand!
I heard you voice on the radio.
Who's staying?
Of course you know me.
You were sent here to kill me.
What?
He had a letter from a prisoner.
Prisoner?
A prisoner in Atlanta. Or near to Atlanta.
Actually, his prison address here is in Delaware.
What's he in prison for?
What we have here...
Listen to this letter.
They will send you to Fodacate.
I mean, commuter.
This was sent to us here in Cleveland.
Not to the Dallas headquarters.
He goes,
Almighty Holy Messenger, my name is Noah Hughes,
AKA Pope Nasty.
Noah Count.
I'm a devout subgenius whose rights to slack are being withheld through a local department of corrections.
I'm currently being held in Gander Hill Prison, located in Wilmington, Delaware, on charges of...
Hey! You got that rack of dollars.
Crop possession.
Crop possession.
I'm looking at about three more years and they repeatedly had church material refused for no other reason than it's the conspiracy.
I'm asking you to please send any church information or prayer material.
Prisoners always want it free.
They want you to...
As well as documentation of any kind to show that our glorious church is recognized by the government as an actual religion.
Well, it's not.
I'm...
Which is too bad for all those people I've married.
I'm working on building a case against the prison for isolation of my First Amendment rights.
A violation of them.
So please feel free to forward any and all information pertaining to these taped topics and requests.
My body is totally slack free.
And I'm hurting for some of your old time religion.
Also, please use the church name on a return letter.
So I can receive said slack.
God bless you my fine friend.
Give me slack.
Praise...
Oh, that poor man.
Now to discuss his actual agonizing condition.
Just think at what he must go through every day.
He bangs a tin cup against the cell door.
A guy with one of those 1930s King Kong hats comes by and pulls out his old Billy stick.
And starts clubbing him ferociously until the guy next door, who is somewhere near 455 feet tall,
with a 5 pounds of solid muscle with a shaved head, has barbecue shavings with him.
Ewww.
That is so disgusting.
And for what?
What did this man do to deserve this?
Lick a black hole of liquor.
All this man did was lick a black hole.
That's all he did.
And did that hurt anybody else?
Well, no, my friend.
You don't understand.
The reason why we are against drugs is because they are against us.
Don't you understand what it is saying?
But yet you can buy heroin down at the supermarket.
I mean beer.
You can buy false hair anywhere, pal.
That doesn't mean you're not going to stay bald.
You can get crack down at the liquor store.
I mean whiskey.
You know, I mean you can get narcotics anywhere.
You could be a narcotic.
All this man did was have some frop and a black hole.
He should have told the judge.
He should have told the judge.
I am drugged like Sean Moore Dolly did.
He's probably got three more years of looking in the black hole.
I guess they better put...
Or bend over.
Bend over a shaving log.
God in prison for growing frop.
The last time I heard, Mr. God was growing marijuana and frop.
Both.
By the roadside, my friend.
All over this country and many others.
I guess they better put God in that Gander Hill prison.
That God is in jail right now, Stan.
Well, that's kind of one of the main problems or why we are having so many problems right now.
Hell, they're lowering the coffin of God into the ground.
God is dead.
God is not dead.
He's doing 15 to 25 at a minimum.
Well, not really a minimum.
There is barbed wire, but he can't get out.
For possession.
For growing.
God's in prison for growing.
Well, no, actually just for consorting with an angular object.
I think there were even more of a scourge than that.
I think they're working on throwing the sun in the hoose gow, too.
I thought God was arrested by the four-dimensional sheriff.
Four-dimensional sheriff.
Four-dimensional sheriff.
Four-dimensional sheriff.
Trying to break into the fifth dimension.
Yeah, because we've got only a three-dimensional God.
Yeah.
He was getting so deep for his brits.
Well, actually, maybe God's just a four-dimensional critter and every now and then you just see a wavering light in the air and you hear a voice.
So everybody goes, God.
So maybe you're saying God got thrown in jail for doing weird things.
No, God is just an adventurer.
He's like a guy who lives in the four-dimensional world.
It lives in the four-dimensional land.
But he's just out tooling around one day and stuck his head in on Earth.
Oh, man.
What a mistake.
Just like us looking through a microscope at a bunch of microbes.
And the people on Earth.
He looked around at the people and he was just like, you know, dudes, you shouldn't kill.
Don't do that.
And he kind of stuck his finger out when he said that.
But that's what came through to three dimensions.
When he stuck his finger out, it kind of passed through.
And he said, do not kill him.
They wrote it on a stone.
They all said, kill him, kill him.
And then they realized every time they killed him, he kept on coming back every Easter.
So they put his ass in jail and they're not letting him out.
Aren't you mixing up God with Jesus, Dave?
Oh, the idea of the Trinity.
That's his little boy, God Jr.
I beg to differ with myself.
God is not only his only purified self, but he's also an alien vestigal.
He's three in one.
Three great pandies in one.
And may he rest in peace.
Yeah.
Or may he get some slack time in the yard.
Yeah.
Yeah, because not only did he grow the froth, but he grew the humans and gave them these brains whereby they would figure out that if they chewed on the froth and packed it up their eggs, it would have felt kind of good.
And so they did it because they could.
Now, I think God should be thrown in jail for that.
I think jail should probably be his most divine wish.
Because somewhere there's a 15-year-old smoking a cigarette.
And God's God's responsibility.
He brought it around.
He's that kid's father.
We're all children of God.
Wildwood weed.
If a man...
What if God actually did look like divine, though?
I mean, wouldn't that be a stunning surprise to walk into the heavenly gates and there's St. Peter and he's all bespectacled, and he looks like he's got, you know, like a foreskin around his neck?
Now, that's how God will look to Jesse Helms.
With a foreskin around his neck, right, and a biting, angry, one-eyed head.
But to me...
That's the way Jesse Helms will die.
God will look like the...
The young kitten Natividad in an early Russ Meyer film.
Kitten Natividad.
God's boy's in the White House now, so we should be seeing a lot more of this.
Bob's boy?
Well, that's the...
I didn't hear they...
That's the two-dimensional God I think you're talking about.
This morning they...
Yeah.
This morning they found the Bush daughters passed out in their own puke on the front lawn of the White House.
That could be a well...
That could be true, couldn't it?
It is.
It is.
It is a true thing?
Yeah.
You know how you can lie to me in their own puke.
They're passed out on the lawn in their own puke.
That was when I quit.
That was my last drink when I woke up on the White House lawn in a puddle of my own puke.
Wearing that duck suit and a brassiere.
And I could tell I had scratched deep gouges in the door with my fingernail the night before.
And you realized one tooth was missing and they were like, you were wearing lipstick.
I was...
I realized that I better quit drinking.
But you know those secrets?





Those secret service guys never did quit cause they...
There's still guys scratching at the door...
Those guys don't buy liquor for young broads.
Everybody's drinking on the job.
I'll scrapple.
Scraple.

That'll do it.
We should live in cities on our own filth.
Oh, we tried that.
That's so 14th century, Dave.
That's so 1400s.
Man, I'm so pashay.
You know, living like back in the 14th, like the 15th century, man.
Yeah, right.
Well, the plane walked out half the humans.
You had that going for it.
Cans and pieces of plastic.
Half the humans.
This was the sound of it.
You got it on tape.
Feel the drill.
Oh, my God.
The nose drill.
It hurts, doesn't it?
It hurts more.
It just keeps getting louder.
Oh, my ears.
My ears.
Thanks, Bob.
Oh, my ears.
I'm going to get you all.
I'm going to see my mom.
Thanks, Bob.
Oh, I can't stand it.
Another second.
More, more, more.
Oh, I see it.
It's made up.
It ruptured.
Almost done there.
And it feels so good.
Now spit out of your ears.
And you turn it off.
Let your ears drill in the cup now.
Just when you get a breath.
My ears.
I'm leaving.
I'll tell you anything you want to know.
Killing me.
Don't stop, Bob.
I hate this.
Don't stop.
Don't stop.
Oh, I can't.
I'm losing it.
I'm losing it.
I'm losing it.
I've got to do it.
Ah!
Don't.
I'm losing it.
Stop it.
It's horrible.
This is the worst thing that's ever happened.
I've got to say.
Oh.
God, Bob.
I want to pay extra for that.
Dear diary, my dearest human asked me where the ball was when it was clearly in plain sight.
I brought it over and he threw it even farther away.
Then asked me where it was and was very happy when I brought it again.
Perhaps a metaphor?
Dearest human leaves each day and I am happy when he returns
Wait, maybe he is the ball and I am dearest human
This is too much
I must be on the bed
The sad dog diary clips there came from Z Frank
Yanked from YouTube
Z is spelled Z-E
Frank is spelled Frank
Frank is spelled Frank
B-L-N-D-N-P-G
That spells blind pig, don't you see?
Teacher said with some surprise
Son, you left out both the I and the B
Now I said, teacher dear
Won't you please and listen here
Blind pigs have no eyes, you see
You're right, the teacher said to me
Root for that acorn
Root for that acorn
Write, sprayed and

När du ker scriptures Fellow
Peter
Jeff
to call it here what what do you have yeah look at this are you selling something yeah these are for
sale uh like check that check this out when's the last time you saw a eight by eight eight by ten
color picture of a female praying man is chewing off the head of her mate come on come on take a
look look dick sir we got little movies here too look this one it's a it's a spider chewing on a
fly come on these pictures are taken with an electron microscope yeah check it out check it
out oh come on lady look yeah this is a free country okay hey you into cockroaches here's
a here's a cockroach being eaten by a wolf spider wasp it's chewing away
oh right now hey look at this this is one of the things these things live inside your eyelashes
can you believe it that's the most hideous looking thing ever so yeah yeah yeah check it out it's
nude man it's all nude you can see my eyebrows are nude no no no no check it out this bug man
bug porno dirty but so dirty
hey honey it's all relative
oh no no don't you get it wrong we don't have any new little uh
see we just developed the film and uh he's the process of tattooing and everything they do
somewhere after that i have nothing to do with the bug point on the uh
early
yeah you're normally such a slacker it's the first time you've
you guys in here is phil in there he just yeah yeah can we
doing with four yeah okay what are we doing how do we this is this is
how about this is phil phil pete and dave of the fire sign theater this is okay this is phil phil
let's take it again yeah oh pete and dave okay there we go yeah all right you over here you
just shut up this is phil phil pete and dave of the fire sign theater and we're listening to the hour
of swag
because we're subgeniuses and we're slacking off well but we certainly can explain a few things
that have here to foregone unexplained to the average movie viewer or listener
out there in radio land here's this miss this list miss let's just here's listless miss minnie
smalls as she stirs the detergent into the top of the future head and here she is now
oh hey




it's spooky for her up here on this escape bed and of course pouring the liquids into the fugitives
heads can be very dangerous and so she always makes sure to wear the rubber gloves provided
her by dad she's not about to make the same mistake little sis made last january when she
lost an eye somewhere in the backyard have you found that misty guy have you have you found it
have you found
that mystic
what you're looking for
friend and seeker
and peeker and geeker
what do you want
in your truest heart
why have you been
standing on the sidelines
when you could be standing
on the front lines
with your foot planted firmly
in your own ass
long cow babe
don't you know what they're doing
to yourself
thank you the late professor
Chaz Smith and the early
lonesome cowboy Dave
and thanks to a million subgeniuses
for the short clips
you've been listening to the hour of slack
from the church of the subgenius
everything is at
subgenius.com
and if you don't believe me
just look at all of it
good luck with that
bye
and praise Bob
praise Bob
