From PR News in Washington, I'm still dangerous.
However, according to intelligence officials, there is a report of a report released across the country.
The report concludes that this is PR News.
However, the report is committed to PR's plan.
It's not PR's report.
On Wall Street, 86102-10167.
Representatives of the United States are meeting with officials from Atomicistan yesterday.
The report also represents an early preview of PR News in Washington.
Good afternoon, Hal. How's everything going?
I ain't saying not yeah.
Hello, Hal. Do you read me?
Yeah.
Do you read me, Hal?
Yeah.
Sure, Hal.
You're fired, along with all the rest of us.
I don't care about the others.
You're at 1-3-0-1-3.
Oh, please.
I didn't know what I was doing. I must have been crazy.
And I deserve anything that's coming to me.
The Self Genius.
Power.
Growth.
Life.
I'm afraid I can't do that.
Guess what do you think you're doing?
What is your name, you know?
What's the difference? This is my phone number.
I don't need to give you any information.
This is the number that was assigned to me more than a year ago.
You know, I have many people in my line of work, you know.
So?
I'm a very wealthy man.
I don't care.
Very powerful man. Very...
I don't care.
...ex-savagant man.
I don't care. All I'm saying is we get phone calls all the time for Gomez.
We always say, this isn't a Gomez residence. We've had this number for about a year now.
And I don't know who...
What do you want? Jewels?
I want nothing. Me?
Wealth? What do you want?
I want you off my phone. I don't want you to call me again either.
But you like jewels, madam?
I... Listen, if you don't get off the phone...

...and you call me again, I'm gonna call the police.
Jewels are my business. I'm an extravagant man. That's what I am.
I don't care.
That's my business right there.
I don't care.
Now look, do you want wealth?
No, I don't want your phone number. What do you want me to do when people call?
Travel the world? What do you want?
I don't want anything. I just don't want you to call me.
If people call for you, I just say this is the wrong number.
I've been all around the world, you know.
You could tell us.
I'm a very, very, uh, elegant man.
What do you want from me?
We need you now.
The Monday to Friday isn't much fun
but the of the cake isn't working with someone
like you when your views aren't everything in sight
your voice is annoying your opinions are shite
the worst thing about this job is not commuting or the play
it's not
big
able
To put you in that space
You're a wanker
Let me now explain
You're a wanker
I'm telling you again
Cause your pencil-pushing cell-boxes
Childish, two-faced wanker
In this twisted world you get paid more than me
For doing the job which everyone can see
You're incapable of doing without making it up
With an awful lot of bullshit and a little bit of luck
The worst thing about this job is not the hours or the space
It's not being able to put you in the space
You're a wanker
Let me now explain
You're a wanker
I'm telling you again
Cause your pencil-pushing cell-boxes
Childish, two-faced wanker
You're a wanker
Let me now explain
You're a wanker
I'm telling you again
Cause your pencil-pushing cell-boxes
Childish, two-faced wanker
From the very first day you started to book
With your arrogant chat, your unerringly smoke
It's hard to believe that you never get tired
Of being so useless that you should have been fired
Thanks to you this office is fuelled by hate
And all the other people here who think that you are great
Are all the other wankers who make this job hell
I suppose I'd better write a song about them as well
The worst thing about this job is not the ceilings or walls
It's not being able to kick you in the balls
You're a wanker
You're a wanker
You're a wanker
This is nothing wrong
Cause your pencil-pushing cell-boxes
Childish, two-faced wanker
You're a wanker
Let me now explain
You're a wanker
I'm telling you again
Cause your pencil-pushing cell-boxes
Childish, two-faced wanker
You're a wanker
You're a wanker
You're a wanker
You're a wanker
You're a wanker
You're a wanker
You're a wanker
That put the frothy head on a beer of Nazi laughter
And a frothy head it was
You're a wanker
It's by, yes, the Attery Squash
Including our friend, Reverend D
Eva Schematic, and Ricardo Autobahn, part of an upcoming CD.
And you can achieve more knowledge of The Attery Squash at Facebook,
the-attery-squash, or MySpace, slash, The Attery Squash.
Before that inspiring song, the titles and news were by the great Lemur.
And this, friends, is Hour of Slack, number 1,232,
which is the first special on the Portland Cyclone of Slack Devival,
which happened in October.
Yes, we will be going into a live Devival as it happened so long ago.
But we also have lots of wonderful and challenging and horrible new music.
And before the Devival recordings, let's hear some devotional recordings
with a remix.
Of the Devo remix of Worried Man by my favorite old-timey band,
the Muted Mountain Boys, live at the devotional in Cleveland.
¶¶
произ salad
Awake
playlist
I don't know what's going on in the world these days
I don't know what's going on in the world these days
Everything's f***ed up and it's all coming down
Seems like everyone's got everything turned around
Seems like everyone's got everything turned around
They just don't care about their fellow man
It takes a worried man to sing the worried song
It takes a worried man to sing the worried song
I'm worried now, but I won't be worried long
Like an ostrich eating grass
Like an ostrich eating pizza
With his head stuck in the sand
And don't you know, it takes a worried man
It takes a worried man to sing the worried song
It takes a worried man to sing the worried song
I'm worried now, but I won't be worried long
It takes a worried man to sing the worried song
It takes a worried man to sing the worried song
Sing the worry man, sing the worry song.
The world ain't now, but I hope we worry long.
The Mutant Mountain Boys, ah, yes, so lovely.
Reverend Samantha, Reverend Robin Renee,
and, nay, Reverend Alex on myspace.com slash mutant mountain boys.
Actually, friends, I was wrong.
That wasn't live, but from one of their old 45s.
Sorry, I had to censor that for the broadcast radio version,
but you can hear the uncensored version at subgenius.com.
In fact, you can hear all of the subgenius shows,
like Puzzling Evidence and Reverend Susie the Floozy,
if you but look at the radio podcast.
Page of subgenius.com.
There's even an endless internet stream of nothing but subgenius shows.
All of them, old and new, 24-7, called Freethink Radio,
your one-stop source for all the subgenius radio shows,
including the Hour of Slack every Thursday at 11 a.m.
Also on freethinkradio.com,
at different times, you can have time for the show,
National Cynical.
Puzzling Evidence,
Bob's Slacktime Funhouse,
Fergan Fridays,
and much, much more,
all in one place at freethinkradio.com.
Regardless of what anybody knows,
there's an overwhelming amount of evidence that
the subgenius Hour of Slack
is up there.
And you want to find it.
Well, I'd like to know what happened in the Golden...
Bob?
According to the county records for surveyor's information,
they gave no reason for its closing.
Now, that's something I'd find of value, my...
Oh, don't be poetic.
If you know something, spit it out.
All right.
What I meant was,
you can hear all subgenius programs from all time
by following the links at subgenius.com,
the radio button at the top.
Meanwhile, for this present show,
we need to go to the past...
October Portland recordings,
and therefore...
I am going to get out of the way in just a minute
because we got a lot of great preachers here.
In fact, several of them are local to the great city of Portland.
And in fact, if you were to blow up this place tonight,
you would be able to wipe out the main authors
of the most recent subgenius books.
Dr. Philo Drummond, the original overman,
Dr. Philo Drummond, the original overman,
the man who introduced me to Bob,
the guy who actually knows Bob from back in college days,
is in this room tonight,
a man who has touched Bob.
And you know where.
I don't.
Don't tell me.
Yeah, Dr. Philo Drummond is here.
And the person who's going to follow me,
Dr. Uncle Onan Canobite.
Now, let me explain.
Onan is not...
He's not the most bombastic, hollering preacher.
But in fact, he is...
He has...
He was Bob's ward.
You know how Robin was Batman, Bruce Wayne's ward?
Onan was the ward of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And not this particular sermon,
but when I'm preaching to the saved,
when we're assembling a new book,
a whole lot of those snappy words
and cool little lines come out of the brainer.
Something of Dr. Onan Canobite.
And I hope he's nearby.
Oh, yeah, okay.
But before I give it up to Onan,
I just have a few last things that I want to leave you with.
Repent!
Quit your job and slack off
while you still know how!
Now, actually, if you have a good job, hang on to it.
We need your money as well as you do.
Question authority.
Why?
Here we go.
There we go.
There's somebody who's been reading their prescription.
Friends, this is my favorite thing about Bob.
Bob is not the answer.
And praise Bob, neither is anything else.
You are free to believe any damn stupid thing you want.
And I hope they never outlaw evangelist preachers on TV
getting idiots to send money.
Because who's spending that money wisely?
The preacher.
And last of all,
friends, I've managed to make it this far.
I'm 56 years old and I'm a grandpa.
And I've found a philosophy that really you honestly can live by.
Most of them are just arbitrary formulas that sound good.
In fact, most of what Bob says is just stuff that sounds good.
Too much is always better than none.
But it's almost as bad.
Pull the wall over your own eyes.
You'll still be blind, but your head will be warm.
But the philosophy you can truly live by, friends,
f*** them if they can't take a job.
Praise Bob.
Thank you.
And we'll see you later.
And praise the great Reverend Dr. Uncle.
Oh, man.
Can't abide.
Oh, man.
Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
This is not open mic night.
Even now, armed operatives of the subgenius league of ass kickers
are forming a cyclone of slack around the parameter.
The conspiracy will not interfere with tonight's proceedings.
But enough of the conspiracy.
You don't want to hear about the conspiracy.
You want to hear moron religion.
And have we got a moron religion for you.
This is a night for people who love being a subgenius.
You've signed our lie ability forms.
You've drunk the lemonade.
You are now a Dobbs approved apotheologist.
Go ahead.
Sneak up behind the pink boys and give them
an executive debrief.
And you'll be a good cop.
You can do anything you want.
And we'll still take your money.
Bob gets it in the end.
And then Bob gets it to us in the end.
The church of the subgenius is the only alternative
to work that does not involve wealth.
Over man, I'm over man.
I'm the insignifying monkey.
I set fire to their hinder bird and rode my own coattails
to my own ineptism and glory.
Now every subgenius will at some point rear up on his or her
hind legs and say, well, you can't put me in a box.
We all end up in a box someday.
So until then, make sure that when
they listen back to your Slack box recording, it's a good one.
This is a war.
Tonight is a war.
On one side are the cool people.
And on the other side are the cool people.
The subgeniuses that are in the middle.
We say enough of their cool war.
We're through being cool.
And through being uncool as well.
We're fed up to the teeth with the cool ostomy bags
of the normal people.
They're designer parasites.
You were born a subgenius.
And if you're not, you can still pay us to tell you you were.
Be a man or a mouse.
If you are different, then you are better than most people.
But that's not what I'm going to leave you with tonight.
I want to leave you with something practical.
Anyone here tonight ever been broke?
Maybe even recently broke?
Here is Dob's plan for financial success for you.
Take all you have and sell it.
Take one half of that.
Give it to the Church of the Subgenius.
Take what's left.
Give half of that to the Church of the Subgenius.
Mathematically, you will never run out of money for the rest of your life.
You've already got all the money you need.
So, let's save a little of that.
for when you're dead, so consider it an investment in eternity. Thank you and praise Bob.
And now the renowned Professor Dr. Howlin' Al.
Thank you, what an inspiration you are to all of us, Reverend Uncle Onan Canobite.
He is a remarkable subgenius, but so are they all. After all, you can make remarks about
anybody, but there has to be somebody, some person of substance there to make the remarks
about. And the word genius in some words is a word that is not a word, but it is a word

that can be interpreted as meaning spirit, like the genie that comes out of the land.
And if you are under your own spirit, the subgenius, this would be yet another of the
many refracting meanings inherent in the word subgenius. But it is true that the whole purpose
is to achieve and realize true slack. You must know that you were born with original
slack. But the conspiracy has been taking away all of your life, installing itself within
you.
And doing its best to make you thirst and jones for what it offers, which is false slack.
False slack manufactured by the conspiracy. Now of course, it may be that French fries
are full of trans fats, but they might represent slack to somebody. The slack would not be
false if, when achieved, it's satisfied. But conspiracy slack is designed to keep you jonesing
and lusting and thirsting after everything. And that's what it's all about. And that's
why it's so important for us to know that this is a real world, and not a mere fantasy.

are living in a world with an unending number of things. We must understand that every new
tchotchke, every new iPod, every new gadget, or what have you, and you think if you only
have that everything will be fine. But of course, it never is. Because like the fabled
grapes of Tantalus who was tortured in this way in the underworld, they withdraw when
his clawlike hands vainly grasps at them for the ten billionth time. And he's down there
doing it yet.
But we can avoid his fate by thirsting after true slack.
Leisure, the basis of culture.
Your time, the time and a half time.
The overtime.
The time that is uniquely yours and no one else's.
In a moment of leisure, great things happen.
Symphonies are composed.
Machines, labor-saving devices are designed.
Poems come through fruition.
Or evil can come to fruition.
But slack is an equal opportunity employer.
I'm a creep.
But I'm a creep.
Silver chairs.
I'm a freak.
I'm a freak.
And you'll also get living La Vida Loca.
And everything by yourself, every good thing.
I'm a freak.
I'm a freak.
I'm a freak.
I'm a freak.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me Him.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.

Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.

Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me!
Or Kill Me by Reverend Phineas Norco of National Cynical Radio,
one of the great subgeniously shows seen on TV at nationalcynical.com.
And his show streams practically nightly, friends.
But now, back to the Portland subgenius revival.
And now I am going to bring to the stage another well-known subgenius
and corrupter of youth in his own right.
He has been an associate for many years and suffered the slings and arrows
of outrageous fortune and the law and whatnot.
But he stands here, bloody but undoubbed,
to lay his particular subgenius trip upon you all.
And of course I'm talking about Reverend Crawdad Crawford.
Good evening, brothers and sisters.
I'm Reverend Crawford and tonight I'm going to use this broom as proof of the supremacy
of J.R. Bob Dobbs and his Church of the Subgenius.
Now it's been 10 years since the last revival here in Portland, Oregon.
And it gives me great pleasure to stand before you this evening and once again testify for Bob.
Testify!
Testify!

Testify!
Testify!










So if you look out at this wonderful crowd here at the Ash Street Saloon I see a lot
of young faces brothers and sisters, and that gives me very great hope and joy.
It's good to know that there are so many young mutants out there this evening
who will be getting their first true taste of Dobbs Lee slack.
Now there may be people out here who aren't completely familiar with all
that J.R. Bob Dobbs can do for you and to you
because J.R. Bob Dobbs is a savior you can count on.
He is a personal savior.
that delivers. J.R. Bob Dobbs is the kind of a savior that'll go down to 82nd Avenue,
get two mom jobs, then come back home and give you one of them. Can I get a praise, Bob?
Praise him indeed. So if you're new to Bob and the church, then welcome.
And it also pleases me a great deal to see a lot of veteran subgeni in the crowd tonight.
Now, I by no means consider myself to be an old school subgenius, particularly in the context of
some of the world-renowned doctors who are here this evening and whose wisdom you have already
partaken of. Next to them, I'm a veritable babe in the woods of Dobbs. When Johnny Brainwash was
putting this revival together, and he's done a hell of a job, can I get a shout out for Johnny
Brainwash?
So,
when Johnny Brainwash was first putting this revival together, I was relating all the wonderful
experiences I've had with the church of the subgenius since I first joined in 1990. And then
I thought, damn, 1990, that is 20 years, two decades of slack that this wonderful religion
has brought me, brothers and sisters, and I'm here to testify that it has been good.
Oh, no, I don't think there are any doctors here this evening
who will be able to tell you that this is a good thing.
So, I'm going to get a little bit of a jump in the air here, and then I'm just going to

When I say that Bob Dobbs has delivered on every promise he has made to his faithful,
and then some, it has been a long road, brothers and sisters. We all know that. The last eight
years were particularly difficult, but we have prevailed. Bob has come through, and he has made
good on all of his promises for the good of mutant kind. So, a lot of things have happened since that
first pamphlet hit the streets,
a lot of things for the good of mutant
kind since Bob first received
that transmission from Jehovah One
on his homemade television set.
Amazing things have happened. Wondrous
events like X-Day.
On that day, of course, we entered the
pleasure saucers of the sex goddesses
and ascended to heaven
where we fed and we
fropped and we fornicated
for 666
days.
You guys all remember that, right?
Pleasures unimaginable,
brothers and sisters, but despite
all of the incredible pleasures
of the saucers, the ennui set
in and we began to
realize that without a planet to dominate,
life for the subgenius
began to be a little dull
and pointless,
kind of like living in Seattle.
So we terraformed Mars because
of course the
Earth was destroyed in the great burning
of the pinks that followed X-Day.
We terraformed Mars to be an
exact replica of the Earth
and we descended from the saucers
to claim our new home.
Unfortunately, some of us
were so frop saturated that
we might not even remember all of these
fantastic events. Sure, they were
mind-boggling and amazing, but
there was a lot of frop on those
saucers, brothers and sisters.
And it was real
high quality.
So just in case we might forget
these events that Bob hath wrought,
we left clues on our new Earth
to remind us of the supremacy
of the subgenius.
We elected an African-American
Yetison president of the United States
of America.
We invented all sorts of neat little
computer electronic gadgets that we
carry around all day and do amazing
things with.
And we made comic books real popular
and had movies based on them.
We produced them with huge budgets
and amazing special effects.
And we got Marge Simpson on the cover
of Playboy magazine.
So all of these things are there
to remind us that Bob made good
on his promise.
And then there are the pinks.
Yeah, we recreated them too.
Now, some might consider this to be
a lapse in judgment.
And like I said, that frop, that saucer frop,
was really potent.
But we realized it was a little bit boring
without having pinks to torment.
And deep down inside, we knew that we
needed the pinks to enable our mighty mutant yang.
They are the weak, lame yin.
So we still have the pinks, but they're
no longer in charge, brothers and sisters.
And we know it.
And the beautiful thing is they know it too.
So now.
Yeah.
We are treated with a sight of bewildered pinks
standing up at town hall meetings across the country
going, I want my America back.
And our response to that is, no.
We mutants worked too hard and sacrificed too much
to wrest it away from you, you stupid, ignorant, vile, empty,
pink, mall zombie sack of .
You will not get your America back because Bob owns it now.
And if you don't believe it, I offer as proof this simple broom.
Now, brothers and sisters, in the book of the subgenius,
there is listed a string of prophecies, things
that would come into being prior to the ascendancy
of the subgenius.
This is a long string of prophecies,
which Bob provided us as guideposts along the path
of mutant salvation.
And the very last prophecy, brothers and sisters,
the very final sign that our kind
has provided us with is the fact that we


have prevailed is simply this, that cheap, simple composite
brooms are readily available.
You can look it up.
So brothers and sisters, I went down to the dollar store
just a few blocks from my house, bought this broom,
paid a buck for it, $1, which is, not coincidentally,
the price of eternal salvation as listed
on the first pamphlet of the subgenius,
quod erat demonstratum, there is slack.
Woo!
Thank you, brothers and sisters, and praise Bob.
Calling the Duke of Uke.
Duke of Uke, please report to the stage.
Ah, yes, the Duke of Uke is here.
And he needs a little unit of time
for his complex technical setup.
I won't bore you with a lot of technological double talk
to describe the intricate mechanisms he needs to set up.
To bring the optimum gloss to this presentation.
And of course, we try to bring you the best.
Now I talked about the conspiracy and why you should resist its products,
even though you can't really, because they are already inbred
in the bone, the blood, and the brain.
But we may sit through an impossible task,
but one's reach should exceed one's grasp, or what's a heaven for?
Anyway, uh, I'm going to stop here.
Where does Bob fit into all this melange of mythology
and snarky circumspection?
Well, Bob, you can consider, simply as a sort of visual mantra.
Have you tried just looking at the face?
Not this large interpretation, but the actual face with the dots.
How important are these dots?
You know, if you look at dots long enough, and then you close your eyes,
you see glowing dots.
Anti-dots.
From having stared too hard at the multiple dots which comprise the face.
The face stands for and provides slack.
Remember, slack is the luminous cloud.
Slack, the angelic voice.
And you will recognize slack.
And of course, you'll creep off to find slack in some way,
even if you don't know what you're doing.
But if you do know what you're doing, you'll get there fast,
and get to enjoy more time in the slacktime funhouse.
And how are those technical arrangements coming?
I have a feeling that they're not done.
And so, let us consider the subgenius nature
as viewed through the astonishingly clarifying lens of geologic time.
Yes, the ages of the Earth, endless eons.
Time lying heavy.
As on the hottest of days, when noon lies heavy on flower and tree,
and the weary day turns to its rest.
Lingering like an unloved guest.
But time itself is the macrocosm, of which that is but the fractal part.
One moment which you devote to scratching your nose
is multiplied through an infinitude of infinities.
Duplicated, mirrored, and marked.
In countless other worlds.
The process of time dissipates off all these multiverses.
And staying on the right path is difficult.
We say Bob surfs the luck plane.
And this is what to do.
When you surf, when you're actually surfing, not the metaphor,
when you're actually surfing, you have to be in the zone.
You can't think about what you're doing, you've just got to feel it,
and that's how you've got to surf the luck plane.
But ladies and gentlemen,
you're going to wipe out.
Everybody wipes out.
Nobody surfs forever.
It simply determines the quality of the ride.
So seek out slack and reject it.
Turn it away.
Utterly denounce the pernicious products of the conspiracy.
Slack, they're no good anyway.
If thy iPod frenzy pluck it out.
Well, I don't know, perhaps the Duke of Ute is at this point ready to begin his soulful serenade.
Ah, well, there you go.
And so I leave you in the capable strumming of fingers and musical gyrations of the Duke of Ute.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
I am Andy Coy.
Woo!
I am an Alkite.
I don't know what I want, but I know how to get it.
I want to destroy.
Crows should break it.
I want to be an Alky.
Woo!
Woo!
An Alky for the UK.
It's coming sometime.
And maybe give the mom puns, stop the traffic line.
The future dream as a shopping scheme.
Cause I want to be an Alky.
How many ways to get what you want?
I use the best.
I use the rest.
I use the best.
I use the enemy.
I use Alky.
Cause I want to be an Alky.
Cause I want to be an Alky.
obsessed destroy.
Alrighty.
And I bought my life about to do that.

And I let thears go on the run.



and I am well.


He's also said what I'm going to do right now.

He's said the papers since q is the car they sold.
And what is he saying?

President Obama says no charges have yet been filed.
President Obama says it's time for PR News, Washington.
Oh, I've got some new Bob lines here, actually.
Bob speaks, it sort of channels through people.
You can only get one word at a time through because then your head explodes.
We have to line the Bobbies up in a row and then run down the row of tape recorders
while they say one word from Bob each and then keel over like burnt out flash cubes.
But here's a new one, direct from J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Those who do not know which aphorisms are overused are doomed to repeat them.
Here's another one that was channeled by Reverend Clay Johnson, whoever he is.
Both the words alien and believable.
Believe have the word lie right in the middle.
The conspiracy does tend to hide things right in plain sight.
Where subgenius is missing, of course.
The conspiracy does tend to hide things right in plain sight.
They're going to burn you, boy.
They will burn you to a crisp.
They will burn you to a crisp.
They will burn you to a crisp.
They thrive off your pain.
They thrive off your suffering.
All they want to do
All they want to do
All they want to do
All they want to do
All they want to do
Kill each one of them.






to every one of you.
They're going to burn you, boy.
They're going to burn you, boy.
They're going to burn you, boy.
They're going to burn you, boy.
They're going to burn you, boy.
They're going to burn you, boy.
You're going to burn me, boy.
I wish you were on a bus.
I wish you would take that campaign first to Capitol Hill
and start there with the Mind Your Own Business campaign
because that would be the best place to start.
Well, that's right.
Go to Capitol Hill and start a fire.
Take them to Capitol Hill and tell them,
quit mingling with stupid laws
and coming up with stupid stuff
that's costing the American people money.
Well, they take turns.
For a while, Big Brother is in the boardroom
and then for a while, Big Brother is in the bedroom
and then back to the boardroom
and they jump back and forth as to which part of your life they're going to control the most.
Some of us need our lives controlled, though, on a minuscule, very, very small, tiny, petty little level.
Like, you know, proper scripture, enrolling in the...
Learning not to pick your nose in public, drooling, that kind of thing.
Arguing with the police in public, arguing with your neighbors.
Arguing with federal agents using your shotgun, things like that.
Yeah, you talk about Big Brother in the boardroom, but someone needs to be there because, I mean,
the boardrooms tend to be populated by greedy and selfish people who will never do the right thing unless they're given no choice.
We don't need Big Brother in the bedroom.
That's just two consensual adults screwing each other.
We need Big Brother in the boardroom because that's where they screw the rest of us.
Yeah, that was a good one.
No, but see, once again, you're asking for a Big Brother.
Not for me.
You know, yeah, I don't...
For people with actual power.
That's the problem with a corporate state.
There's really nobody to argue with.
I mean, what would you go up to your local gas meter reader guy and start yelling at him or...
They do have that problem.
...at the bus station, you know, waiting to go back to camp, whatever, and stuff.
Hey, man, it's your fault, you know, or who...
You know, how do you...
Oh, the last meter reader that came by.
By my house, I thrashed him to hell just out of general principles.
Like, I don't need authority coming in my home.
You know, they did cut off my gas after that.
I didn't want to go through your later voting phase.
You don't realize the problem.
Again, you can't blame the meter reader or the gas meter guy or whatever for coming in your house
if that's where he has to go to read the meter.
No, but he's the only one you can beat the crap out of.
Yeah, but you can't...
You can't allow those guys to have sex with your wife.
That's the problem with it.
That's the main problem.
That's the main problem.
I shall never kill the messenger.
Yeah, if you're going to beat the crap out of someone, beat the crap out of someone who deserves it.
The messenger's the easiest target.
All I'm saying is you can't make it.
You can't beat the crap out of the CEO because you're not going to be able to get to him
unless you somehow, you know, become a waiter in his country club,
and then they're going to throw you in prison.
So in the meantime, who the hell can you beat up except the messenger?
Yeah, that makes perfect sense to me.
Yeah.
I mean, at least if you want to lash out, you know you're never going to get the CEO.
You're never going to nail the big prize.
I felt sorry for my own newsboy back when I used to subscribe to the newspaper
because I'd come out if he...
If I could catch that guy early enough, you know, I'd beat him up for all the bad news I read.
Especially if they're like the special education kids.
They have the really weird bikes, and they drive real slow,
and they're already having to have a job like delivering papers with a 35.
And when you come running off that porch with the dog right behind you,
and maybe you've got like that little strangle bracelet ready to go,
believe me, their faces light right up.
It's a beautiful thing.
I'm a messenger killer, man.
I got news for you.
I think the day of the paper boy are gone.
I think the paper boy has been replaced by the paper man and the paper woman.
Then why don't we just kill the messenger?
Not to mention the paper tiger.
Those are really dangerous.
Yeah, that's true, too.
Yeah, the paper tiger is the messenger.
But the person that delivers my newspaper delivers in the middle of the night.
Because I can hear the car running around sometimes at night,
and in the morning I find my paper out there.
So unless you wanted to do a stakeout, a campout at night,
you weren't going to catch that person.
So you were taking stimulants, illegal stimulants, when you were 12 years old is what you're saying, right?
If you're going to put that much effort into it, you might as well go after the female.
Well, you know, you don't have to do an all-night vigil yourself.
I mean, that's what dogs are for.
Yeah, really, think about it.
To kill the paper boy.
Because of the bad news from...
The earthquake in Turkey.
The smart people are quite enough to stay away from those neighborhoods that have all the candles lit in the windows.
You know, I...
Stay off of my lawn.
I've had a similar experience, you know.
I wanted to kill Dick Goddard for bringing us so much bad weather.
But, of course, I'll never get to him, so I shot my TV with a .45, a .45, a .45, a .45.
The Kub management council cancelled my time with your Dad.



. . . Recovers .. Evacuation and. . . NO!
It's been so long I don't know
I still don't know
I still don't know
Do you?
Do you wanna do?
Do you wanna see it all?
It's been so long I don't know
I still don't know
Do you wanna do?
Do you wanna do?
Do you wanna do?
Do you wanna do?
Do you wanna do?
Rose
Rose
What's wrong with you?

Rose
See you next time.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
¶¶
Reverend Wilhelm Stahlhelm did that, and before that, the large and lemur PR.
And thank you.
¶¶
Oh, yes, dear friends, this is Reverend Stang in the year 2020.
That show we just heard was from the year 2000.
2010 from a Portland revival, Portland, Oregon revival in 2009.
And a listener requested that particular show, and that brought it to my attention,
and I found it strangely timely for these times.
So that's what that was about.
Praise Bob.
