to be a good
if you turn on the machine this is radio
and this is the news
wake up
this is doug smith radio operator
no trouble
get set and get going
amen
recording
everything's going fine
no trouble
welcome potential initiates
and remain with us for the next 30 minutes
bob
bob
who

who
the message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind
every time you say
see
hear
or think
what about slack
that's your key phrase
it will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it
and now
the self-genius
power of slack
The subgenius hour of slack that you are about to listen to
is specially designed only to be played on radio station
K-N-O-N
and only in the city of
Dallas.
Should any other shows be heard from or contacted in the course of this show,
the listener is advised to remain calm and only contact listed or unlisted officials
in the event of any material from this radio or other listening device being inhaled during broadcast.
Small animals or other children becoming exposed to the ultra-high or ultra-low shocks and brain frequencies
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Look, I know you people don't believe that.
Well, hi, it's Pastor Buck Naked over here again.
And that was...
Mr. Science?
On the radio there?
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
All right, well, we got one more hellacious subgenius radio ministry show for y'all tonight.
And tonight's topic...
Tonight's topic is going to be
your personal anti-conspiracy freak-outs you've done
or your close friends.
I'd like to stick with personal experience tonight.
For instance, I had some friends when I was a teenager
and they hauled this suitcase up to the second level of a mall with them
and they were overlooking a balcony that goes around this fountain.
And they put this dummy together and they throw it off the balcony and go,
Ah!
And so they got banned from the mall, but they didn't mind.
And Dr. Chaos is here with us.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's got plenty of records queued up.
What do we got first?
We have a song by the Holy Model Rounders.
It's called Boobs A Lot.
Okay, well, we have...
Do you like boobs a lot?
Yes, I like boobs a lot.
Boobs a lot, boobs a lot.
You gotta like boobs a lot.
Really like boobs a lot.
You gotta like boobs a lot.
Boobs a lot, boobs a lot.
You gotta like boobs a lot.
Down in the locker room, just three boys.
Beating down the line.
Locker room with all that noise.
And you think, do you like boobs a lot?
You gotta like boobs a lot.
Boobs a lot, boobs a lot.
You gotta like boobs a lot.
Do you wear your jock a lot?
Yes, I wear my jock a lot.
Got to wear your jock a lot.
Got to wear your jock a lot.
Jock-a-lot, jock-a-lot.
You gotta wear your jock a lot.
Got to wear your jock a lot.
You gotta wear your jock a lot.
Down on the football, football field.
You never can tell where your heel can't wheel.
So you gotta wear your jock a lot.
I'm going to give you the phone numbers here.
Gotta wear your jock a lot, Joe.
If I had a long flag along.
823-7490, 823-8801, 823-8883.
That wasn't too bad.
I'm going to the phones.
Hello.
Yeah.
Fire away, dude.
Hey.
You know what?
You know, the person that stands for anti-conspiracy more than anybody else in my life, Mr. Rogers.
Well, come on.
Now, what has he done against the conspiracy?
A real freak-out thing.
Well, I mean, you know, he...
No, I'm talking about activism.
This isn't for humans.
Like, I think Mr. Rogers is a human person.
Like, I'm talking about weirdos.
I mean, this is a call-in for weirdos tonight.
You know who I'm challenging to call tonight?
Who?
That guy.
Who?
Who always calls us.
And always talks about his pee-pee.
Now...
Oh, not him.
Yeah.
No, I know he...
I know.
It's kind of a...
It's kind of...
It's kind of a...
A weirdo thing.
But I want him to...
Look, I don't want to hear about his pee-pee tonight because, I mean, hey, this is the radio, right?
Yeah.
I mean, you know around the house all I ever talk about is pee-pees and all that other stuff.
There's a lot and everything, right?
Yeah.
We got to, you know...
Anyway, so I want him to call, but, I mean, have you ever done anything to really freak him out?
To freak out the guy with the pee-pee?
Well...
Yeah, or anybody else?
Anybody in the conspiracy?
Have you ever done anything like...
Doc, didn't you get a dog collar put on you and get walked around a mall?
Yeah, yeah.
Back when I was about 18.
Back when I was about 18 years old.
Hold on a second.
Let me catch this record.
Back when I was about 18 years old, I put on a spiked dog collar and had this chick walk me around a Valley View mall on a leash.
And we were having a lot of fun until the security guard comes along and says,
All right, what do y'all think you're doing?
Yeah, but people do that every day now.
This was back in 1978, my friend.
That was a big deal back then.
I don't think that you're right about this.
And I don't mind a little controversy on my show.
I say that, you know, you've got to keep that thing going.
Well, I still think Mr. Rogers is anti-conspiracy.
Okay, well, thanks for your opinion.
By the way, did you like the Neagie stuff we were playing last week?
Yes.
Well, we're going to keep that in heavy rotation.
And I'd like to also hear from any of the callers, you know, if they're getting the stuff that I'm throwing at them right now about Neagie.
Okay.
Well, if the guy with the pee-pee doesn't call, I'll call up later.
I'll call up later and pretend I'm the guy with the pee-pee.
Yeah, but don't say any real explicit words about your pee-pee.
Well, I know better than that.
Yeah, I know the law.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, we're not trying to get kicked off the air, but, you know, we don't mind talking about pee-pees as long as we don't get too graphic about it.
Okay, well, you know, Dr. Ruth is over, so we've got to have somebody to talk to about it, right?
Okay.
See you around, dude.
Bye.
Well, that opens up a line somewhere or other.
I think that was 8883.
And, uh...
Hello.
Hello, my friend. How are you?
Oh, you're back. Okay.
You're the one I wanted to hear from.
Am I the guy about the pee-pee?
Yeah, yeah, that's you.
I did not know if you were talking about me or not.
Oh, that's you, definitely.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
How are you tonight?
Excellent, man. Glad you called.
Why are you glad that I called? You want me to talk about my pee-pee?
No, not particularly.
Because I didn't think...
I wanted to hear something...
Hey, man.
What?
There is no doubt.
There is no doubt that you've got one of the...
Probably one of the biggest pee-pees in Radioland.
But I wanted to ask you a question.
I mean...
What is it, my friend?
Okay.
Yes.
Would you tell us something?
You don't have to make it too exact, like exactly where this was.
We don't want you to reveal the neighborhood that you're carrying this thing around in this stupid pee-pee.
But what I want to do is I want you to tell us some kind of thing, anti-conspiracy type freak-out.
I mean, just when you've given it to him, given him something so weird that nobody around you could handle it.
Well, the Russians wanted to use my pee-pee for something, but I did not let them.
For a nuclear bomb or something.
What do you think of Negi?
Negi?
Yeah, I know you were listening last week.
Is he related to Pat?
All right.
Well, I'm going to play a little bit about Negi right now.
Wait, wait, wait.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Wait a second.
I want to talk to you a couple of minutes, please.
Oh.
Please.
All right.
Okay.
Well, I tell you what.
Why don't you call back, listen to this, and give me a comment on it, okay?
Okay.
You ready?
So just...
We're going to...
Hang on.
I know you know the number, so you'll call back, okay?
I can trust you.
Wait, wait, wait a second, please.
You got a radio, don't you?
Wait, where is Doug?
Oh, Doug.
Where did he go?
Hmm.
Well, we're going to give you a hint about that tonight.
Oh.
Okay, dude?
Yeah.
But that is a mystery, isn't it?
It's starting to bother you, isn't it?
He's not with me tonight.
He was last night, not this night.
Okay.
Okay.
So we'll see you in a little while.
Call back.
Okay.
Okay.
And that opens up a line.
But right now, we're going to hear a little...
A little bit of...
A little bit more about Neegie.
And I wanted to make sure that you all really get your Neegie while I'm here behind the board.
And since that time...
Neegie has driven many away from the church.
Where is he, Neegie?
Neegie has sired many unpleasant deities.
Where is he?
Neegie has sired...
Neegie...
I had an ape in the palm of my hand and I blew it.
I blew it.
Oh, Neegie has sired thousands of what we call the Neegie.
Neegie.

He likes the warm weather.
Who then is this Neegie?
As Bob once said, if you have to ask, you'll never know.
This, the most hideously named of all demons,
he who named himself,
represents to many the unspeakable dark side of Bob.
Some theologians question whether Bob actually has a dark side.
Or whether Neegie is some malevolent manifestation of Oboe, the anti-Bob.
Most, however, agree that it doesn't matter.
To even speak of Neegie,
whose name can be spelled or pronounced,
18 different ways,
to even mention his name,
is to invite him into your life.
Now, we know that Neegie is not the Christian devil.
Neegie does not kill you or ruin your life.
He ruins your day, or your month, at most.
He does not try to steal your soul, only your sanity.
He does tempt you.
And he always wins.
He is the mischievous spirit, or Imp,
whose various names crop up in the legends of every uncivilized race dating back to antiquity.
Before subgenius, he was not known to any Western culture.
But his cruel capers can be read on the scrolls and hieroglyphs of the ancient Africans,
the ancient Native Americans,
the ancient Caucasians,
the ancient Aboriginals,
the modern Yetis.
Though Neegie is as old as man himself,
he is yet not of this earth,
but was vomited out of the nothingness of the inverted black hole of Gabri-gay-z-d-d.
He is a product of the negative backwards time stream spoken of in the prescriptions,
and he has in turn produced a veritable universe of lesser mal-aligned deities.
Though the universe is not of the same nature,
there is but one Bob,
one light streaming forth from earth.
There are countless demons and binding spirits.
The sinister forces of the Yakatizma,
the deathful sweetness of the fertility goddess Nunu, mother of Neegie,
and her twin sister, Marnini, sister and daughter of Neegie,
and the martyred Nini, son of Marnini and Neegie,
and the pink tennis shoe-shaped heliopters,
living beings with motors inside.
And the horrors of Mornonglyaks and the Diros from the Hollow Earth
and the tobacco demons and the green energy demons and the liquor demons,
and yes, even Gibrod-thran.
All these and more most stupidly named archetypes
from the danker recesses of man's mind
came spewing forth from the ark of Neegie once it was opened by a few doctors.
Doctors who dared to tamper with the dark,
with that which man was not meant to know.
Let us journey back in time then
to seek out the origins of Neegie,
as discovered by Reverend Ivan Stang and Dr. Philo Drummond,
as pursued relentlessly by Pope Sternokekever and St. Janer Hypercletes,
as sung about by Doctors for Bob and Doctors for Wotang
and Pastor Buck Nakey.
As truly known by lies and puzzling evidence,
as feared by reverence, hand bone and danger,
and as inflicted on every member of the human and subgenius races.
Neegie, where is he?
Neegie, where is you?
Neegie is not here yet.
Come with me.
Here is Neegie.
Oh, no, he is not here.
It is a little man.
You must now go down to Neegie.
Speak up.
I think my best friend, Alcaneth Neegie,
I think his soul has been sucked away by me.
I went over to his house last night.
He converted his bedroom into an opium den.
In the middle of it, he was sitting there,
cutting out two thousand aluminum foil paper dolls,
and on every paper doll, it had the word Bob written on it.
And he was eating the paper doll.
Sounds to me like you're...
Okay, friend, hold it.
Wait.
Listen to this.
If you see Bob, kill him.
Pills for Bob. Pills for Bob.
Okay.
Give me some of them pills, Bob.
Oh, God.
Well, what I think that is wrong with your friend is not Neegie.
He sounds like he's got a worse problem.
Oh, what's that?
The anti-Bob.
The anti-Bob.
What can I do about the anti-Bob?
Well, the only thing to do is to look at one of those negative images of Bob.
That's a negative of Bob.
But the neatest thing is when you look at the anti-Bob
and stare at him for a minute,
a while,
and then look at the clouds,
you can see Bob in the clouds.
Oh, okay.
And that would be the best thing for me to do,
is to take the light back in and burn out the anti-Bob.
I see.
Okay, but we're going to go back to the other callers now,
and we've got a little pee-pee controversy going on,
so we're going to go to line three next,
and then we're going to go to line two where Mr. Pee-pee is, okay?
Okay, thanks a lot.
All right, bye-bye.
Bye.
And that opens up 7490.
That's 8490.
8237490.
But we're going to go now to a man who doesn't like all this talk about pee-pees,
and he's got some good things to say to the radio ministry and our prayer family tonight.
Fire away, dude.
I can't stand it no more hearing about pee-pees.
All good men got good pee-pees.
All right.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
What y'all been talking about that girl?
I used to date that girl.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean, she had a tongue on her like a lizard now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And pee-pees.
I'm from Tennessee, and I'm going to tell you about pee-pee.
I pee-peed on the Jackson-Madison County, Tennessee Court Square back in 1970.
Yeah.
That's where Big Ed Jones is from.
Too tall.
Y'all know him?
Yeah.
Y'all know him?
Heck yeah.
He's mad now.
But now, I tell you, pee-pees, everybody's got a good pee-pee.
You ask any good little girl, she'll tell you.
All right, well, we're going to get to Mr. Pee-pee, and we'll get his reply to you.
He ain't got no pee-pee.
Oh, I see.
Hey, ask him how does he know that.
Well, you heard that, didn't you?
He asked the BAM squad to pee, I bet you.
Okay, well, thank you very much.
And I think, Mr. Pee-pee, you've angered someone, and we're going to get your reaction.
Well, what do you have to say about that?
He says you don't got one, and he also says all good men's got one.
So I think that you could read into that something.
What do you think?
That's because he bit it off, the jerk.
I could have killed him.
Oh, seriously?
Pee-pee-pee-pee.
He just said pee-pee-pee-pee.
Well, there you hear it, friends.
This is real controversy on the hour of slack tonight, and we're going to now go back to
the tape for just a moment.
Over my wife.
Got the blues, because Bob let that pickup run over my wife.
Over my wife.
Over my wife.
Hey, you got three points for hitting that hippie, girl.
Hey, there's a black cat that lives in the store now, and his name's Neegie, believe it or not.
Oh, no.
A black cat?
Yeah, and Neegie has swept Little Rock almost as hard as Bob has.
I'm not surprised.
Neegie is very nihilistic, you know?
Yeah.
It's a kind of a counterproductive thing to keep it from getting together totally, I think.
But when, yeah, Neegie does a lot of stuff.
Neegie is his own worst enemy.
Neegie does stuff like break three guitar strings at once when you're playing Doctors for Bob.
Yeah.
Or Neegie does things like...
What do y'all think of that kind of stuff?
We're going to go to the phone lines over here, and Doc Chaos has a little background music for us while we...
Before you're listening?
Whatever.
Hi.
Hello.
Got a good anti-conspiracy trick for you.
Thank goodness.
Hey, you know those very lifelike dolls you can get now?
They look just like little bitty babies?
Yeah.
Okay.
You get one of those.
You get a card seat.
A what?
A card seat.
What's a card seat?
You know, a card seat for little babies that you have to have required by law now.
Oh, a card seat.
Sure.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Good.
Okay.
I'm with you now.
Okay.
Like baby in car.
One of those signs, baby in car?
Yeah.
Right.
Okay.
You put the baby, the lifelike doll, in the car seat.
Get out on the loop and drive up next to a bus, right?
Uh-huh.
Then you start arguing with the baby.
Then you grab the baby by the foot and hang it out the car window and wave it as steeple
in the bus.
Cool.
Isn't it?
Yeah.
That's a good idea.






That's right.
You know, there's some variants, not Cabbage Patch dolls, but they're kind of like a version
of Cabbage Patch or something, and they look a lot like babies.
Oh, yeah.
And you could really probably pull some stuff.
You know, now, Steve Martin did something that I thought was real interesting.
On his movie, The Jerk, he had these, you know, he's a juggler, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, he did this thing called cat juggling.
He took these little kittens and he shows you these kittens on this cheap little .
Long known as the cause of Theodore's disease.
Running sores in athletes' feet.
Recently, this microscopic troublemaker has also been blamed in the nasty disease labeled
Hartman's Palsy, formerly Strassman's Syndrome, the only cure for which is death.
I'll answer any questions, dear friends.
Just write me if you still have the strength.
Until next week, this is Dr. Whiplash.
I'm out for lunch.
See you then, my son.
I thought they were.
Oh, no.
I know one who is as brave as any human being.
I'd like to meet this man and smoke with him.
Bob started the church about, oh, 20 or 30 years ago.
And we've got a picture of him here.
We'll hold it up so everybody on the radio can see him.
Hold it up to the left part of the radio.
there yes yeah okay yeah i hear that you're on the air um yeah yeah who's bob who is bob that is
the most profound and believable question we've had the entire evening this man like the pope is
not afraid to be infallible to admit he does not know where bob in the path of bob lies young man
bob is wise and ever shall be bob is you bob is me bob is the kind of sutra bob is the light that
glows in the heart and mind of every free-thinking subgenius what why not please rob rob you can
praise rob but i prefer you praise bob and send us your money too how much ten dollars
oh change and change will come into your life with the federal slack
you will change in a way you cannot believe slackness will ruin your life
slackness will make you see slackness will set you free slackness live slackness is slackness
wait
for you and your 10 dollars you see now that man violated the first and most important law
of the sacred dog you remember this law of course the truth that that man was an agent
of conspiracy the first and most important law of the sacred dogma is if you don't have a sense
of humor don't try to be funny you'd be amazed how often the conspiracy violators lie and that's
proof of ping stand your ground young man yeah doug smith says we're different doug's right
virgil we are different thanks to jesus the genetic engineering corporation of american states
yep the whole family is everybody like us no son but we're working on it round the clock soon
everyone will be a subject i wish these people were trying to call the station because here
in non-radio we don't have a way to receive the calls we can feel your calls coming in we're
sensing it yes sir
this is non-radio sorry this is non-radio knon hi this is donna mccoy well hi donna you you're
very brave to give your um your name and your yeah your name over the air on a on a show with
all these peepee callers exactly oh donna you're i'm with the friends of the farm out in collieville
well that's great i don't know much about that uh not yet robert wisdom knows all about that
well go ahead you can you can go you can fill us in on that invitation an invitation to what uh
the friends of the farm 14 years of partying out here on uh some 120 acres land out in collieville
they want to turn it into a private golf course oh heck it hasn't been rezoned yet
well let's hope they don't yeah but they're working on it so they're making a move are you
going to uh send me an invitation to your party you already have the invitation it's there i've got
it in there where it's packed up on your uh bulletin board somewhere in the back okay well
i'll go look last sunday okay okay well i didn't get it personally so i didn't know what you meant
well i was here right after uh your show as a matter of fact last sunday
well where do you think ivan stang is pardon where do you think my my uh colleague that what
used to be here is just take a wild guess where is he yeah oh well i remember i haven't seen him
was downtown down there i don't know where he is i don't know where he is i don't know where he is
uh when was it wednesday morning doing that knon are you sure you're talking about the morning news
that they uh did on you guys the cano and crystal versus the first baptist uh you know uh-huh did you
get that article uh yeah i've been reading a lot about that and that and that they want to get you
off the air yeah well there's a there's a there's a few reasons why they've got about that now uh
well
by the way i i tell you what i'm not going to play you the hint tape right now instead
i'm going to play you a little something and i just like i'll get your reaction to this over
the air okay i'd love it okay just uh you can stay with us we're not hanging up on you okay
i'll tell you it is the attack of the 900 foot tall jesus
a jesus a jesus like no other jesus you've ever seen
you
a totally new jesus a jesus that can be marketed
oh got it you know it takes a lot out of me being in the spirit 14 hours a day
here he is listen
okay now do you know what he's talking about there you still there huh yeah i'm here i'm
here do you know what he's talking about there uh he's talking about uh oral roberts and uh the
900 foot jesus he saw in his backyard the 900 foot jesus yeah oral roberts this this is this is this
is the way i heard the story okay now this may not be perfect okay and i'm not trying to slander
the man because hey i be believing him listen if oral roberts says that i believe it first of all
okay but i'm just going to tell you what i hear that he he said okay i heard that what he did was
he went on television and he said he said he said he said he said he said he said he said he said he said
he said he said he said he said he said he said he said he said he said he said he said he said he said
went on the radio and he said i saw a 900 foot jesus in my backyard and he bent down and shook
his finger at me told me oral you better build me a great university on the plains of oklahoma so
oral roberts says well heck i had to no no no that's exactly right he did hear i read about it
in the paper a 900 foot jesus it was 900 foot jesus it wasn't his backyard he dreamed that
he had a dream and in that it wasn't a dream no he said he saw it no i read the article
i read the article and saw the quote oh just a dream it was a big deal i dreamed i dreamed about
a dream and in that dream jesus came to him and told him that he had to build this thing i dreamed
about a 999 foot dobs that told me to do this radio show this week but he even told him the
exact amount of money to raise how much how much was it well okay can you hear guys can you hear
doc all right hey guys what about what about you know uh what is it in japan you know they have a
whole garden the phallic
symbol you know hey what what'd you say they have a whole garden you know you just walked through
like uh botanical gardens out in fort worth except it's all done in phallic symbols you know
big uh phallic symbols just all over the place it's uh okay well thanks for sharing that with
us and that was a great pee pee call you took your time getting around to the topic but
but uh okay that that opens up a line and we we really enjoyed that and by the way that we were
not censoring that young lady she's a very valued caller we enjoy
uh hearing from her and i hope she calls back right now we're going to play you a little
mysterious tape hold it oh yeah so thank you buck i hope the uh satellite transmission is working
okay now uh oh yes dear friends this is reverend ivan stang san standing outside a 7-eleven in
tokyo japan yes i've finally made it here to the island of slack or at least
seems like an island of slack i'm not sure if it's a good idea to do that but i'm going to do it
here in the middle of the island of slack here compared to new york city which was my last come
on ivan it new york friends is the anti-slack pit of hell compared to this incredible what about
dallas oh it's it's a humbling to be in a country more advanced than america except in their toilets
i'm uh sad to say but it's true the japanese have succeeded in becoming i think more american
than uh
we americans uh their pursuit of slack as evidenced by everything around me especially the uh porno
theater across the street featuring what they call soft women you mean extra fat right soft is
getting big yeah japan one might say in more ways than one uh if anything here pursuit of slack
if far out distance is anything we have had to offer for a while boy it's windy they got more
slack here they got more slack they got more slack they got more slack they got more slack
more slack um i think the trouble is these people seem to have to work even harder than we americans
do that's a good point i guess in a way it's it may be false slack just as as bad as anything we
have that's true if you do if you work for it friends there's still hope i think because i'm
here to preach the word of bob to these heathen atheists and shintoites and buddhists and
kasoniites and careerists
and other corporate slaves here but i gotta do it quick because in three days i'll be leaving
japan for the land of anti-slack itself yes dear friends i'm about to go into
red china the people's republic what do you think of that color now i'm going to carry the word of
bob into the city of beijing better known to most of you as peking somehow i've got to smuggle over
10 000 copies of the book of the subgenius into that slackless land
what
it's a it's living proof living proof of nuclear power yes they are raising their rates for total
destruction by the way if i think we're power flat it's because i'm using a microphone with a
slow motor uh and it we have you lately yeah we're just about to go back to a little bit of that and
thanks for reminding me to go back to a little bit of that and i'll see you next time
you're going to do that because i could i could have easily easily forgotten you know i mean i've
just got so many distractions i've got ivan running around the world you know trying to prove
to everybody how cool bob is and i got you know let's hear it let's hear this one listen to this one
oh yeah
let's go spend the night in a haunted house
oh let's go let's go spray paint the grave
oh
oh
let's go mess around let's go make a face
let's go set up our bomb all that worship for aliens
without personal sacrifice
you know where it is
deep as you know
we know our
so much we didn't have
trying to stay so dropped up in the air
we don't think about it
so much
I wouldn't go so far as to say so.
I frankly think you may be in it too deep to do otherwise yourself.
Woah, woah, woah, you catch me in your web of...
Woah, woah, oh oh, let me bring you home,
take this woe home and make you a wolf.
Woo, woo, woo, oh, oh oh, you can't take a pill from me.
For once, I'll comma ar мож,
more can take to make me whine

but as the dark nightب
and hate replace the one you're going to.
Woah, woah , oh oh,
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
This little thing called hate breeders are the misfits.
A little earlier in our program, we heard Fireside Theater doing a thing called Dr. Whiplash.
Dr. Whiplash.

Yeah. Hey, I did something anti-conspiracy one time.
This was before anybody else did this.
Unfortunately, I'm going to have to use the word pee-pee again.
Oh, use it. That's okay. Fire away, dude.
Okay. I pee-peed on the Alamo before Ozzy Osbourne did it.
Wow. Now, that's heavy.
Yeah. And I didn't get caught, unfortunately.
Well, that's not a freak out then, really. I mean, it's like sort of a private act of defiance.
Well, I mean, people saw me. I just didn't get caught by the, you know, conspiracy cops.
I get you. Okay. Well, that's smart, really.
Yeah. So...
You don't want to martyr yourself for the cause you want to win, right?
That's right. You know, love to fight another day.
I respect that. I really do.
Niggy has a joke for you. Niggy wants me to tell you this joke.
Okay.
Oh, you know what you call two queers named Bob?
What?
Oral Roberts.
I think you better suck my soul for that one.
Well, that opened up a line.
We're gonna burn out the banks of the devil.
We're gonna root him out. Burn out the hate.
Burn out the radiation. Burn out the fire.
These words may be harsh.
They may not go down well on the polished ears of the rationalists, the modernists,
those who wish to see proof of Bob.
But I don't care what they say. I'll keep preaching.
If ye go down, pull them with you.
Yeah. Boy, these so-called...
This. This.
So-called civilization.
On the day that we finally realize that things are all backwards
and we have slack without work and the promised kingdom of Bob Dobbs,
then perhaps we'll find the true civilization,
which needs not Xerox machines nor fancy coats and ties.
It doesn't have to have them. It can have them.
You can be civilized and you don't have to live in a cave.
But you're probably gonna be more civilized being one of these characters
than you are running around on this treadmill of false slack.
Oh, yes.
And look at the humans lining up for the slaughterhouse.
Oh, yes.
The harvest.
It's a squirting universe, friends.
And that's why we have to call for your help on the great new tabernacle.
We've only been in there a month, but it's going back into the hands of the conspiracy.
They're gonna turn it into a war game.
It's a new way of doing things.
It's a new way of doing things.
And I want you to know that you're gonna have to learn to do it.

Because the law says, the law says,
a subgenius can't achieve Scytor spasm with whatever it wants.
That's what the law says.
No subgenius can do anything it wants.
And they call this free land.
Well, my friend,
I've heard people say,
people call the subgenius church a joke.
But I have to wonder,
is the subgenius church a joke?
Or is this world a joke?
Bob Dobbs owns deed and title to the church.
But who owns deed and title to the world?
Not Bob yet.
Uh, no, I'm afraid not.
No, sir.
The conspiracy owns this world.
Those policemen on motorcycles,
they won't let me preach on car hoods downtown,
because they think I'm a crazy man or a drunk man.
And they got no reason to arrest me,
yet they would.
Because I'm free, free, free enough to rant to myself in public.
Because I come for Bob Dobbs,
against taxes, work, death, and premature immaculation.
Your mind has to be certified okay by them.
By them.
Thame.
Thame.
And oh, we hate thame.
They and their tools.
The tools of iniquity.
Not the tools of the preacher, nay,
not the tongue nor the other parts.
But tools of false slack,
dangled forever in front of you like that raise right around the corner,
or like that rat swimming in poison cheese.
And so, we find that as my time is running out,
and it's sad that we only have 15 minutes on each broadcast,
but it all balances out in one great religious,
er, urge,
uh,
great religious.
Okay, that's enough.
That's enough.
That's enough.
Holy heck.
You're on the air.
Hello.
Yeah, go ahead and tell us your story.
We have another PP call.
Oh, squirting universe.
Squirting universe.
Okay, let's hear it.
That is correct.
Okay, here in my hometown of Mesquite,
back when I was a young and naive teenager, I was 17.
All right.
The mayor of Mesquite.
Mesquite used to live down the street from us.
And I just, out of a sudden urge,
decided that I needed to pee on this guy's front doorstep.
And I was arrested for this,
and I was thrown out into a world without slack for the last 12 years.
And so now I'm 29,
and now I'm finally being brought back.
And you have no idea how much the subgenius church is helping me.
Helping me regain.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Bob, I want to reach out to you in the name of our prayer family.
I want to reach out to you in the name of our prayer family tonight.
Yes.
And I want to touch this man's,
touch this man's PP with the love of Bob.
Would you please touch my PP?
No, only Bob will touch your PP.
I can't do it.
I'm only a minister.
Oh.
But Bob, touch this man's PP.

And make his life a real experience.
And give him the courage to pee freely.
Let the pee dribble down his leg.
Be a natural man like you, Bob.
Who needs a toilet?
Who needs it, right?
Right.
Right, friends?
You're free!
You're free, brother!
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, that opens up a line.
And we're ready to go.

We're...
That's what...
You know, friends, that's what the Hour of Slack's all about.
And I want you to keep pouring your money in.
I want you to take a funnel, put all your money in it,
and pour every cent into Hour of Slack Radio Ministry.
And you know why?
It's because of the power!
It ain't the money, friends.
It's the power!
Yeah!
Hey, I mean, we can...
We can literally listen to whatever we want to listen to.
Now, here's a tape sent to me by the First Church of Mr. Science.
They made our introduction that we keep playing at the beginning of every show.
And I kind of like this little thing they do here.
We're going to go back to the callers in just a moment, give you the feeling of this piece.
Yeah!
Yeah!
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
Really enjoyed playing with your minds tonight.
We'll do it again next week.
We'll do it again next week.
