Doctor, doctor, here. Take some more of this. Have some of that. Maybe the show will finish and we'll get to make another tape.
Oh no, more prescriptions again. I don't know if I can keep up with all these prescriptions and all these collars and all these fake shows.
Oh god, this is a genius thing. It's more than acting. I can't.
Man, I don't think I can keep up with it. I mean, it's like there's too much of it.
All these letters that come in the mail, these weird magazines, these characters that show up at the door, these bobbies.
And they want to know things. They want to know how to run their lives.
What should I do? I'm saying about this, about my girlfriend. My girlfriend, that one won't be a woman.
What should I do, man? It's all I know.
I'll tell you what you should do. Doctor, you should do this.
No head-launching, doctor. Take the pills.
Light the fire. Try some of this false slack.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
Sponsored by the church of the subgenius.
Oh dear friends, did you ever have a dog?
Did you ever have a dog?
Did you ever have an old dog that was so old that it was having a lot of health problems,
but the health problems weren't bad enough to quite yet justify taking the old dog out to the back 40 and blowing its full brains out?
Well, or taking it, as you tell the kids.
Well, we're taking it to the nice farmer who lives down the road.
And he'll take care of old Yeller, old Shep.
The old Shep has chronic nosebleeds and has to stay outside until it's all healed up.
Not to spray fine fountains of blood across the living room carpet.
That is the law. We are men, are we not?
Speaking of which, friends,
I found a new book.
It's in the newspaper.
This little article.
Researcher finds link between faith and obesity.
People who are firmly religious are much more likely to be flabby than those who are soft on God, according to a new study.
You know, I'm not real surprised by this.
This does apply to subgeniuses almost as much as it does to southern Baptists.
Overeating may be one sin that pastors and priests regularly overlook, said a sociology professor.
Mr. Ferraro analyzed data involving 3,000 Americans and found a, quote,
surprising tendency that the most faithful, regardless of denomination, are obese.
The study gauged religiosity by asking questions about attendance at services and reading of religious material.
Overweight people find comfort in religious settings.
That's one reason for the correlation.
I'm not making fun, by the way, friends.
I'm like little big man.
I have been a fat guy and a skinny guy.
And I've never been a fat woman or a skinny woman.
Oh, gosh, if only.
Mr. Ferraro also compared denominations.
He found that southern Baptists in the south are most likely to be obese, followed by fundamentalist Protestants and Mayans.
And he found that the mainline Protestant groups, such as Methodists and Baptists outside of the south, thinnest are Buddhists, Hindus, Muslims and Jews.
People who said they had no religious affirmation or belief ranked near the middle.
I guess their middles were not quite as rank.
And religious blacks and poor people tended to be heavier than other groups.
While religion reduces deadly stress, that may be offset by the health risks of obesity.
I would say religious organizations have an opportunity to improve the health of their...
Hey!
God darn it!
Did you hear that?
Man, my equipment's starting to...
Bad equipment is a link between obesity, faith and skinniness.
Man.
Frant. Test.
You don't hear the music now, do you?
Now, if I hit this...
What the hell is going on here?
Friends, this is Cosmic Voyeur in the background, Reverend Imat Zepol, also known as El Diablo.
Oh, here's another interesting...
I'll get on to the fun and funny tapes shortly here, friends.
But there were a couple other things I wanted to share with you.
Also, near the back of the Dallas Morning News newspaper, around page 13 or 14 in small print,
it says here that 12% of the vegetation species face extinction.
Study finds...
Just a minor little clip in the back.
They didn't want to get anybody worked up or anything.
The first international survey of plant diversity has found that at least one out of every eight known plant species on Earth
is threatened with extinction or nearly extinct.
Oh, I'm one of those eco-nuts.
Oh gosh, I'm going to be one of those eco-nuts now.
You know, they're everywhere.
Those eco-nuts are just...
They're going to wreck the planet for us.
The results of a 20-year joint effort among 16 organizations, including the Smithsonian Institution,
show that habitat destruction and introduction of non-native species has caused about 34,000 species to become so rare that they could easily disappear.
That amounts to 12.5% of the 270,000 fern, conifer, and flowering species known worldwide.
These statistics, the report emphasizes, are just the tip of the iceberg.
Because so little is known about many areas in the United States, which probably has the planet's best studied flora,
about 29% of 16,000 species are at risk, according to the report.
And it's similar for Australia and South Africa.
In general, the more detailed a country's species inventory, the higher its proportion of threatened plants.
In some cases, entire plant families were in trouble.
Now listen to this one, friends.
For example, 75% of the yew family,
which produces the anti-cancer drug Taxol,
Chah, friends.
Why am I, why do I keep losing my background music?
What is, happening here?
There's something happening here and I don't know what it is, do I, Mr. Smith?
Ah.
Widespread extinctions.
Oh yeah, oh, as I was saying, the anti-cancer drug Taxol is produced by yews,
75% of which are threatened with extinction, globally.
There's your cancer cure.
Um.
Plus even other familiar groups such as 14% of roses, 32% of lilies and irises, 29% of palms.
Widespread extinctions might affect medical science, according to the report,
seeing as how more than half of all prescription drugs are modeled on natural compounds
and one-fourth are taken directly from plants or modified versions of plant substances.
Diversity provides a biological buffer against things like climate change or migrations.
Every time we lose a species of plant, we're losing a unique gene pool that has undetermined,
but possibly very significant, benefits to mankind.
But then on the other hand, friends, let's make sure that that kind of news goes back on page 15
of the conservative Dallas Morning News, because you know how those environmental eco-nuts are.
They're just all crazy.
Because, friends, think about it, life is itself sexually transmitted.
And just as kids in the back seat cause accidents, accidents in the back seat cause kids.
I'm not trying to say that, well, I mean, two wrongs don't make a right,
but two rights were able to make an airplane.
And it's the whole problem with our gene pool, friends, in this country and across the face of the globe
is that in our genes, we're able to make an airplane.

In our gene pool, there is no lifeguard.
Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun.
But it's not the pace of life that concerns us, it's the sudden stop at the end.
It's hard to make a comeback when you haven't been anywhere,
and the only time the world beats a path to your door is if you're in the bathroom.
But if God had wanted me to...
touch my toes, he surely would have put them on my knees.
So, friends, never knock on death's door, but ring the doorbell and run, for death hates that.
And lead us not into temptation, because we're subgeniuses and can find the way there ourselves.
But, you know, it gets to you after a while.
When you're finally holding all the cards, why is it that everybody else decides to play chess right then?
Well, the mind of the subgenius is like a parachute.
It works much better when it's open, but most of the time, I think most of us just roam and candle.
Because we don't take life seriously.
No one gets out alive anyway.
There are only two kinds of pedestrians, friends, the quick and the dead.
And that goes for all kinds, those of us who walk Bob's Walk.
Those of us who walk Bob's Walk.
Those of us who remember that everything comes apart one way or another, as Bob said,
and an unbreakable toy is still useful for breaking other toys.
So, let's avoid obesity, friends.
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
We're all going to end up on our heads anyway.
Anyway, the only difference between a rut and a grave...
is the depth.
Yeah, water's cold, but it ain't all that deep.
Friends, that was a little bit of internet graffiti that was actually sent to us by Robert Anton Wilson under a disguised name.
Pope Bob occasionally posts things to the subgenius news groups,
but I'm the only one who knows which one is him!
Well, friends, now it is time for me to shut up, or rather play tapes.
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's not shutting up, perhaps.
I don't know, I don't know.
Friends, we've still got Bill T. Miller's incredible new CD.
We've got astounding radio recordings from Einstein's Secret Orchestra,
and from Suzie the Floozy Show, Bob's Slacktime Funhouse,
as well as those other boys there in Atlanta.
We've got some KPFA show.
We've got the Devival from Portland, which was recorded by Jeremy Olson.
Those are the only tapes we've gotten in of that.
We haven't done that show yet.
Reverend Olson's, praise Reverend Olson, at least somebody cares!
But I don't care.
Let's just go on down in, down deeper in, into show.
This is a voice speaking to you from thousands of miles beyond your planet.
Warning! Warning!
The final hour is approaching for the people of Earth.
No, no, no, no, please, no, no, no.
Come on, no, no, no.
We're on the threshold of the end of this civilization.
All right!
No, no, no, no, please, no, no, no.
Eternal salvation or triple your money back.
Sounds too good to be true, dear friends.
Industrial strength anti-religion religion.
I don't know. I think we've been duped.
We have nothing to hide.
Religion is poison.
Religion is poison.
So how cares the antidote?
Religion is poison.
Religion is poison.
Love is your only hope.
It's true.
Cults control money.
That's how they work.
I need a slack fix.
Give me that slack, baby.
Give me my slack fix.
Give it up, give it up.
Gotta have my slack fix.
We have nothing to hide.
Religion is poison.
Religion is poison.
So how cares the antidote?
Religion is poison.
Religion is poison.
Religion is poison.
Love is your only hope.
Grimball!
It's definitely a sign of the apocalypse.
Negative feelings directed at others is never constructive.
Grimball!
All packed up and ready to go.
Waiting for the exes, sasas to show.
Ta-da!
The normals say the rupture's a hoax,
And all those sub-Ds are all just slapped up on dope.
But I know Bob wouldn't lie.
The X-Day rupture is the one true escape.
The one again.
The one again.



The ones spitting in the pipe.
The only hope to live for the freedom of 1 million.
What are we still in a position to do?

Let's have a note, that's not part of the deal.
S które keist Foundation Worker
The Ø semua bet
Money, money, money on

Okay, here is the final hour.
This is the last hour.
Anything by now on the plan of the people of Earth.
I hate to disappoint you,
but the world is not coming to an end.
This fight has been ordained since the beginning.
My children, this is the most crucial and serious time of all history.
Who will win our soul?
Our savior and lord?
Or the prince of darkness?
It's the final battle between good and evil.
And it's only on pay-per-view.
Jesus vs. Satan.
Live from the South Park Forum on Saturday.
On out order. Only $49.95.
We can't miss the final apocalyptic battle between good and evil.
Yes, my mom's getting a Ferris wheel.
Well, come on. We have to at least see the way in.
Everything is supposed to be very quiet after a massacre.
And it always is, except for the birds.
And what do the birds say?
All there is to say about a massacre.
Things like,
When the sky is a bright canary yellow,
I forget every cloud I've ever seen.
So they call me,
A cockeyed optimist.
Immature and incurably clean.
I have heard people rant and rave and bellow
That we're done and we might as well be dead.
But I'm only a cockeyed optimist.
And I can't get it into my head.
I hear the human race is falling on its face.
And hasn't very far to go.
Living things shall quake in terror at my presence.
Mountains shall be thrown down.
Cliffs shall tumble.
Walls shall crumble through the earth.
I will summon every kind of terror against you.
I will fight you with a sword, disease, torrential floods, great hailstones, fire, and brimstone.
Thus will I show my greatness and bring honor upon my name.
And all the nations of the world will hear what I have done and know that I am God.
Shhhhh!
This whole world may toss and tumble.
This whole world may rock and roll.
The sun above me turns to ashes.
Of blue it may unfold.
And I'm a star.
I'm a force of heaven.
And that moon's gonna take control.
But my Lord will never leave me.
He's the lover of my soul.
You don't really believe that, do you?
A historic instant when the first atomic bomb seemed to charge out of the bowels of the earth,
Professor George Kistikovsky remarked,
I am sure that on doomsday, in the last millisecond,
the last man on earth will see what we have just seen.
In direct contrast, William Lawrence of the New York Times felt as though he were present at the dawn of creation when the Lord said,
Let there be light.
If the universe is as many millions years old as we think it is, our crowded little era of thirteen years is but an instant of yesterday when it is past.
1933's unemployment, September at Munich, that June 10th at Liberty, December 17th at the University of New York, and the year of the Great Depression.


December 7th at Pearl Harbor, 915 over Hiroshima, were all part of the identical moment.
The one question remaining then, was it 2359 o'clock or 0001?
But that'll be the day, that'll be the day, when the wild wings are blown and the sun turns out its light.
That'll be the day, all right.
That'll be the day.
That'll be the day, all right.
One third of the earth is set on fire, and one third of the trees and grass burn up.
The second one, one third of all ships and fish are destroyed.
One third of the sea turns to blood.
The third, a flaming star called bitterness, fell on one third of all rivers and springs, poisoning the water.
The fourth, the sun's power was reduced by a third.
Daylight was dimmed and night darkened.
Now imagine the freezing cold.
These next two trumpets are believed to be symbolic of armies, listen.
The fifth, an army of locusts like creatures from hell.
They seem to have the intelligence of men and the excruciating sting of a scorpion.
For five months they torture mankind.
Men try to die, but cannot.
And now they were turned loose to kill a third of all mankind.
They led an army of 200 million warriors.
I heard an announcement of how many they were.
All right, now we have the combination of a force of 200 million, now demon-possessed, by demons that are psychopathic killers.
That put into the heart of every one of these 200 million an evil spirit.
An insatiable lust for blood and murder.
Do you realize what one third of the world's population will be?
By that time, we estimate that the world will be populated by more than 3 billion people.
This means that over 1 billion people will die.
Then it's no miracle, is it, that the blood will flow to the horse's bridle?
That shouldn't surprise us at all, should it?
I don't know.
The party's over.
It's time to call it a day.
Burst your pretty balloon and take in the mood of may.
It's time to wind up the masquerade.
Just make your mind up.
The piper must be paid.
Hey, I, Dove, what I owe you, with interest.
Then what?
You may perish in the catastrophic and uncontrolled burning of this prophesied time.
When your heart's on fire.
You must realize.
Smoke gets in your eyes.
Impossible, fantastic, ridiculous, absurd, really?
Sure is.
Yeah.
Huh.
First and last man walked this earth.
But only a few survived.
I'm the wizard of us, and I've got it all planned for my first nuclear device.
I don't really care about which way you vote, cause my gerrymander works out fine.
I sewed desert stretches like a big rubber glove through Japan for a nuclear device.
Nuclear device.
Nuclear device.
Nuclear device.
Nuclear device.
Nuclear device.
Nuclear device.
Nuclear device.
Nuclear device.
Nuclear device.
Nuclear device.

Nuclear device.
Nuclear device.
Nuclear device.

Nuclear device, nuclear device.
ESCAPE FROM Pρεί APAR có isbí
ESCÁRU zrobamet
ESCÁRU fertig




Love is love. Love is love. Love is love.
Come on, everybody!
Love is love. Love is love.
Oh yeah!
Love is love. Praise love!
Love is love. Love is love.
A divine love!
Love is love. A supreme love!
Bop is love. A dicky, sticky love!
Love is bop.
Bop is love.
Bop is love.
Bop is love.
Love is love.
Bop is love.
Bop!

The kind of love your mammy warned you about
Bob is love
Bob is love
The kind of love that gets your squids squirtin' baby
Bob is love

Bob is love
Is love
Bob is love
Bob is love
The kind of love that makes Bob grin
Bob is love
Bob is love
I thought it was about hate
Bob is love
Isn't that what you really need?
Bob is love
Or hate?
Or hate!
Hate the conspiracy
Hate your job
Hate the normals that stole your slab
Hate
That's my body
Bob
Love you
Bob
Hate you
Bob is hate
Hate
Without hate there can be no love
Bob is hate
Hate
Bob
Hear what I say
Hate
won adding
Hate
Bob
Kill
Bob
KILL
Bob
B propos
Lu

hypocrisy
D
Get out!
What is this crap?
Hey, well, sir, that crap was Bill T. Miller and Brother Cleve and D.K. Jones,
the Slack bangers, off of Bill T. Miller's new Orgy of Slack CD,
available from the Church of the Subgenius,
or you can write to Bill Miller at Box 230-221-Boston-My-02-123.
That's BillTMiller.com.
Or KingOfSlack at Subgenius.com.
Bill T. Miller, P.O. Box 230-221-Boston-Massachusetts-02-123.
And before that, we heard Sister Susie the Flusie's amazing Armageddon,
Tired of Waiting for It audio collage.
Unbelievable!
Here, here's Susie, an incredible...
And there's more of that coming up.
Along with her lovely lilting rant.
So we'll see you then on site two.
And in incredible rage!
Way down under Australia
Very different from all the year
Getting rid of the strife
Those one-by-one bike cheap
And all you rainy
You may realize me, I'm sweet
And the same sort of reason
While the animals are free

Just look so strange
All because of a testing range
A testing range
A testing range
A testing range
A testing range
A testing range
A testing range
A testing range
But it's all going to end soon.
The end.
The end of all you've done.
You see, none of it was real.
It was illusion.
Your art, your science, it was all a nightmare.
And now it's done.
Finished.
Okay, then ten years after World War IV...
2051.
No, more!
What? No!
2051, the future!
They saw it already!
They saw it already!
Take that picture!

I was the only one left on the planet after the Holocaust, eh?
Hey, who's the cool?
The Earth had been like,
desestated by nuclear war.
Like Russia blew up the US,
and US blew up Russia, eh?
Statue of Liberty.
Psst!
Lucky for me, I'd been off-planet,
on vacation at the time of the war, eh?
There wasn't much to do.
All the bowling alleys had been wrecked.
So as I spent most of my time looking for beer...
One day, I was out looking for another.
I had a nice place to build a city for my children,
when I spotted a mutant in the Forbidden Zone.
I landed my vehicle to pursue and destroy this genetic freak,
before he could warn other mutants in the underground caves.
I was kind of like a one-man force, eh?
Like Charlton Heston in Omega Man.
Did you see it? It was beauty.
Yah!
Bless you, anti-mutant!
Are you friendly?
No way, eh?
Radiation has made me an enemy of civilization.
Alpha Base, this is Bob McKenzie.
I've spotted a fleshy-headed mutant in Sector 16B.
Out! Take half, you hoser!
See what happened, eh?
Film broke!
Oh, jeez. Gotta fix it, eh?
Sorry, film broke. Sorry.
Hey, FNC, eh?
Turn the lights off, will you?
We interrupt our regularly scheduled nuclear apocalypse
for an important announcement.
Are you really ready for the end time, Seekers?
Have you reached deep in your heart and wallet
and made peace with Bob?
Do you have all the protection that Bob's exclusive eternal salvation
or triple your money back guarantee can bring?
Just think! Salvation that can be bought!
You can't get that sort of insurance from Mutual of Omaha, friends.
You got a right to Dallas, Texas, and...
you got a right to get it.
So grab a pencil, Seekers,
and send off a stamped, self-addressed, business-size envelope
and whatever else you want to tuck in there to get Bob's attention.
And address it to Bob.
B-O-B-P-O-Box-140306.
Dallas, Texas, 75214.
And you can bet your bottom chromosome that you'll be in clover
when the heat rays start welding the DNA helixes around here into spin art.
Oh, but hey, really, trust me, Seekers,
because I'm not really sure whether or not I'm lying to you here
because I have no doubt in my mind
that those saucers are coming for us.
There's no way they aren't, children.
Because since the first time I laid eyes on that cheesy pamphlet
that sucked me into this deranged cult,
I have searly, sincerely believed the insane teachings of this church.
I believe in the power of J.R. Bob Dobbs
and his precious gift of eternal slack.
I believe in the raptures and toxic...
and the devastating brain embrace of Connie and her minions.
I quake before this dark fist of removal,
and I welcome its grasp.
I believe in the redemption of the blood of the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
Hell, we've seen it launched here in this very city.
And the believers who witnessed that
and sent in their $30, of course, pray Bob,
will be ruptured up wherever they are.
Yay, yay, yay!
Oh, seekers, are you making your July 5th holiday plans?
Will you be at Ground Zero up in western New York at Brushwood
with a sizable chunk of the church?
Or will you be lying out in your backyard
with a cold one in one hand, your membership card in the other,
and your mouth open, eagerly awaiting the first wave of face-raping bats?
Oh, choices, choices, choices.
Oh, but it doesn't matter where you are, seekers,
because the X's are going to home in on that tiny pasteboard
get-out-of-pink-jail-free card in your pocket,
and they're gonna translate you right aboard the ships.
You don't have to be in any particular place,
but I know where I'll be,
as close to Ground Zero as I can get.
Oh, so I guess I've done my job better than usual tonight.
Oh, and if you're caught short, seekers,
don't say that the flus didn't warn you.
We now return you to the conflagration,
which is already in progress.
Oh, Susie.
What a fine bang.
There's something that has been predicted
in many of your Earth languages
and your Earth religions,
that there would be a time
when the old world would die,
and a new world would emerge.
Do you think this is the first time
extraterrestrials have come to this planet in this way?
Have you ever considered the possibility
that this might be the second coming
of extraterrestrials in this way?
Yeah, one more, one more.
Please come forth.
Do not be afraid.
We're here.
Lord, I suffered a bicycle accident last year.
I'm a terrible catcher.
I've dropped every one of these sinners
that I've tried to catch for you.
Could you, could you make up for it?
I'll try my best,
but they're hitting the cold, hard concrete, Lord.
You're creatures that are moved
by urges within your beingness
that you cannot fully comprehend.
Often these urges shape themselves
in consciousness in such ways
that they emerge in your thinking mind
in larger patterns of consciousness
that you can artifically interact with.
See, that's why you forgot
your magnificent theory about space
and about us flapping our wings
and trying to get out there
is because we all, that's what we do.
We forget it.
That's what we do.
We forget it.
That's the whole point.
Come up with an idea
and immediately forget it on purpose.
You know?
Yeah, studies in obfuscation.
Never speak.
Studies in futility.
Never speak.
Dream of things that cure the world of cancer
and other diseases.
Don't tell nobody about it.
But yeah, in the true Platonic,
Aristotelian way.
Keep it to yourself, by the way.
Keep it to yourself, yeah.
Just think about it.
Find your manners now.
Yeah.
And I know that child might be dying there.
And you can change that.
There are nine ways
for the human race to survive its childhood.
But no!
No.
Step on that child's knee
and grind it into the dirt.
Yeah.
Push the bus over the edge of that.
Kick it a couple times.
Yeah.
Push it over.
Yeah.
Oh, I know.
There was a theory about Richard Nixon's jaws.
Yeah, it was.
Yeah.
See, there it goes.
In the space aliens.
You thought of the thing going over the cliff
and there he was going like,
oh, my God.
A lot of people thought
that the conspiracy was that
the aliens were speaking to the White House,
you know, people in the White House
in charge by a,
you know,
the White House.
Yeah.
And they were saying,
oh, my God,
that's a little bit of a joke.
Yeah.
That's a little bit of a joke.
Yeah.
But the truth is,
that's not the case.



















So you're saying essentially
that the jowls were giving the commands
or were receiving the commands?
Sending the commands.
Sending the commands.
Well, they're transceivers.
Yeah.
Well, I thought his mind
was controlled too by the aliens.
Richard Nixon was a transceiver.
Yeah, I know he was a transceiver,
but I also thought...
He hung out with, you know,
Hoover and stuff like that.
He was also a transceiver.
Damn.
Hoover was a transsexual
and a transvestite.
And a transceiver, yeah.
All those trans...
He went transglobal.
Yeah, he did.
He went all the way.
We're all still reading.
All his books.

He was re-programming.
He hit the button.
You're not supposed to hit the...
When you're in global programming, folks, kids,
be careful what you do.
Because when you change a parameter
in global programming,
you change everything.
So if you hit trans
in your global programming on the ships
when they reprogram you,
you're going to be transsexual,
transgender,
transluscite,
trans...
Translucent.
You'll be transpopulated.
Yeah.
You'll be trans...
Transported.
Transported.
Transmitted.
Transized.
Transduced.
I can't think of too many of them.
Yeah.
I'm limited right now.
So be careful when you're in global.
Because I'm trans.
I'm transdimensional right now, buddy.
Yeah.
Have you ever gone trans-dement?
Trans what?
You weird little man.
Translimp?
Trans...
Oh, hell, we've all gone translimp on this show.
When translimp last night.
Transdement.
Transglint?
What?
The trans glint in my eye.
Well, actually, it was a pencil stuck in my eye.
That's a fiery transglint in Dave's eye.
No, it was actually a pencil I stuck in my eye.
I stuck in my ear.
To remember...
Because I could tell he's dreaming about the day that we build that ship.
Out of stones and rocks and mud and pieces of dirt.
Yeah, mud and rocks.
That's cool.
And wood.
We hew rocks and mud.
We send a little old log cabin without any wood on it.
Of course, it would have to be made out of something else.
Vinyl.
Vinyl.
We get a little...
I don't know about vinyl.
We get some dirt and mud...
Just keep it natural.
...and put vinyl siding on it.
Oh, okay.
And that would be our spaceship.
Yeah.
And some trees growing on it and everything.
Yeah.
It'll have its own little atmosphere, you know.
We'll get a little neon light that says, each all day, 24 hours.
Right.
Stuff like...
And then when people come over to try and get a breakfast or something...
The interior will be a black light room.
...we'll shoot it.

It's zooted up and everything.
Ham and eggs, my arse, and you know, blown away.
Smoking church air and all that.
Yeah.
We'd be huffing it big time, buddy.
Yeah.
Everybody will think that's the tail.
All our minions.
All six of them.
As you come past Earth every 87 years, they'll think, look at that big tail.
They're going to be like, oh, that's a big tail.
That's from the...
And they don't know that that's the growth coming out of the bottom of your spine, your
new brain growing out of your butt.
Yeah.
They'll think it's like vapor trails, you know.
Yeah.
Which I've smelled many times up here at this station, I'll tell you.
Yeah.
Some people have actually expired literally on the air and be resuscitated from those
things.
From the vapor wash.
It's not big.
It's not a big studio.
And if there's a lot of people up in here, one of them has been eating Mexican the night
before.
We always can be counted on when there's a job to do.
We serve our homeland day and night.




We try to keep it always free and proudly wear our robes of white protecting the treaty.
Stand up and be counted.
Show the world that you're a man.
Stand up and be counted.
Go it's the Ku Klux plan.
antennas as if they were tiny tiny japanese town
that gives the impression we're better ranchers than we really are by playing you know more voices at once
yeah because we can do like uh we can imitate ourselves in the same show imitate ourselves
imitating ourselves imitating ourselves from the from the show from the radio show which is derived
from the tv show derived from the right from the teacher it's a second convenience store slurpee
cup which is derived from the comic oh i wish i had a story right now i'd slurp that sucker up
come on let's go 83d squid 3d squid 83d squids 83d squid
squid
83 i
d squid
request 83d squube 83d squib baby 3d squib
83d squib a3d squib 83d squib e3d squib at3d squid
squib com
83D squid, 83D squid, 83D squid.
83D squid?
We took it and we filtered it and then we returned it to you.
That's the basis of it.
Oh, now I'm stuck with it.
No, you know what stage you're at, don't you?
Now I'm at stage eight now.
Don't delay.
And you were so fast.
Well, exactly.
Well, I was also projecting myself into the future as usual.
Oh, man, we thought you were in the room.
But I'm only able to do that five seconds at a time.
Really?
But, like, yeah, it never works like at the horse track
because I only know that it's going to be the winner five seconds before, you know, the end of the race.
Just like on X-Day.
Yeah, exactly.
The end of the race.
The end of the race, yeah.
I only know five seconds before the end of the race.
Yeah.
For most people.
Well, this is the problem.
This is what I get for combining my Unitarian upbringing with my subgenius inner knowledge.
Which is?
Because the Unitarians are, I mean, I was raised Unitarian and that's just, you know,
I mean, we're lovable and stuff,
but the thing that people always accuse the Unitarians,
the Unitarians of is namby-pambiness.
Yeah, they're kind of soft, aren't they?
They're really...
It's kind of soft, yeah.
Yeah.
So I always, you know, I always took my religion the easy way,
which, you know, which is why I like Bob.
Bob.
Because Bob just sort of just, you know, I just opened up my,
I just basically opened up my fourth orifice
and Bob flowed into me as a six-year-old child, actually.
I remember that day.
Yeah.
Standing on top of the mountain with you.
What an aroma.
It was delightful.
I, my ears turned pink.
My, my whole body was glowing.
Er, I'm sorry.
That wasn't me, was it?
No, that was, that was you and Tessie.
Oh, yes, Tessie.
And I wasn't there either, but she was so beautiful that day.
Yes.
Yes.
Like the sunset itself, she was.
Buzz Aldrin was there.
And he was in drag.
He was in drag.
And nobody knows that when Buzz Aldrin graduated to the 33rd level of Masons,
he did it in drag.
She waited all night and that was a line that she had to write.
For knowing that.
In shrine.
All, all true.
And he gave the secret handshake plenty of times, Bill.
Listeners, this is all true.
Just so you know, nothing we say can be a lie.
In fact, every aspect of the following conversation has been monitored by truth,
I mean, for truth, by the Citizens Committee.
Isn't that correct?
I believe that is correct.
What did I do?
Please!
That's the truth.
He's fired.
I'm fired.
I grabbed, I grabbed Wee's breast.
She's speaking the truth.
She was speaking the truth.
And it was the, the protocol kept it from getting by.
I'm really flushed now.
I just don't know what to say and don't know what to do.
Well, you see, I feel the same thing.
For as you grabbed her breast, you grabbed my breast at the same time.
And mine as well.
And I grabbed my own too.
Pam.
Listeners, we hope.
When you grab Wee's breast.
If you at home are grabbing your own, in the best way possible.
You grabbed the breast of Bob.
Exactly.
Your own breast.
Or Bob's breast or whichever breast you wish to grab.
But make sure that if it's someone else's, you're doing it with their legal consent.
Especially if they're 13.
I don't think that's legal consent, Timmy.
You've got a lot of experience with that though, don't you, Josh?
13-year-old.
Rottweiler, that is.
Yes, they are.
Josh.
Rottweiler's in the outfield.
Of course I believe in God.
I'm not an anti-Christ.
I'm not a Bible-puncher.
You reject Satan and all his empty promises.
Hear the will of the Lord, sinner!
Only the Lord can save you!
One upon a sugar crown.
Don't let the demons pull you down.
See the fire in their eyes.
Cause here they see the blessing prize.
attitude
attitude
roof
light
But your perfection
Can light your future
Too many of us now
Tend to worship, self indulgence and consumption
Food for се north

A свое from gun'g
To refuse
looked to stand

smoke




I think our brains have fat
What we'll be
fire
me
me
ju
lu중에 without me
It's true.
Cults control minds.
That's how they work.
Cults control minds.
Cults control minds.
Cults control minds.
Cults control minds.
Cults control minds.
Due to scheduling problems,
we had to make it at 7 o'clock in the morning.
The world will end
in a blossom of agonizing
fire. There will be weeping and gnashing of mandibles. All that is high will be cast down,
and unwholesome monsters thirsting for human blood shall stalk the land, and it'll be impossible
to buy them off. So one must pay one's dues while the opportunity still lasts. But this
is no cheap con, for one thing the dues have gone way up and it's no longer as cheap as
it used to be. And so I feel it attendant upon me on this auspicious occasion to cut
short this line of lather and introduce our first fantastic performer. He is true nobility
of the performance world. In fact, we call him the Duke of Europe.
Come forward, please, your grace. Your public awaits. As his name suggests, the Duke of
Europe plays an instrument. Where is your instrument this evening? He's going to fetch
his instrument. The time was when you brought your instrument on stage. I don't know about
the way they do it now. But the artistic type is sensitive.
And not due to stall. That's true. A true artist never stalls. A true artist never stalls,
but brings forth the glory of his moment at the moment. There is no hesitation, no filler,
no dead air. Only the joy of music and communication with a rapturous and enchanted audience.
I would like to thank the audience for coming out tonight. I think it's a great pleasure

to be here. I mean, this guy is not the Baron of the Butte or the Viscount of Butte. He's
gotta be him.
Here's Hector Del with the Do Do Do Do song on the islands.
. . .
. . .


. . . .
. . . .
. . . .
. . . .
. . . .
. . . .
. . . Arrgh.
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .

I wanna destroy, crush it, break it
I wanna be an RP
An RP for the new game
It's coming sometime, and maybe
Give the wrong time, stop the traffic line
Future dream is a shopping scheme
Cause I wanna be an RP
How many ways to get what you want
I is the best, I is the worst
I is the enemy
I is the enemy

Cause I wanna be an RP
Cause I wanna be an RP
Get pissed, D
KIM •

Iwurf •


rotations



yoga •
at Dunkin Gong, got removed from the church ****
preservative buildups, enables pratigm envisage even to crush thebeaten Chinese Mrs.
that sense already. Dear friends, it's just good old friendly old ugly old Bob. And if you would
just send that request for free information to post office box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
Friends, once again, that's you just write Bob at box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214. To get free
information from the robot at slack at subgenius.com by email or check out www.subgenius.com
dot dot dot. And we will hear back at you.
Until then, dot dot dot.
