Well, I hate to do this to you, but at the Rock and Roll Alternative and at KNON especially,
things are like Mussolini's trains and they operate on schedule dead on.
It's right at 9 o'clock.
This is KNON Dallas and it's time for Reverend Ivan Stang.
Say no to the Church of the Subgenius.
Here, let's inject a little less levity into these proceedings.
Children of Earth, I am Mantor, one of a new race, a Sektor from the planet Symbion.
Welcome to your Sektor's read-along book.
As you read this story, you will understand how important
my work is to you and to the world.
My message is, you are my witness.
Children, to you I swear the truth.
This story will show you that being too proud can be a fault
and it can make a warrior lose the battle.
The lid's off.
It's gonna be louder beyond Ontario than it's gonna be here.
Those sounds...
Give me the child.
Sarah, beware.
Now...
We are ready.
Ready to begin the story, Invasion of Skall Island.
Don't...
Here on Symbion, things are rarely peaceful.
They haven't been for centuries, since the time of the great cataclysm,
a terrible time of destruction, when our ancestors, the ancients,
sealed the story of their race and the secrets of their learning and technology
in the biocontrol centres we call high.
Man!
Get up off that chair!
Follow me!
Ready?
Go!
The subgenius hour of slack!
What?
Welcome, potential initials.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.







I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.

I love you.
I love you.
Costume makes perfect sense in the text.
I'm 나중에 abominable.
I personally don't allow indirect audio.
For any longer termination of a product or service, commit to audio Kempe.
Or to the scientific community.
I have been generous up until now.
But I can be cruel.
Generous?
What have you done that's generous?
Everything.
Everything that you wanted, I have done.
You asked that the child be taken.
I took him.
You cowered before me.
I was frightening.
I have reordered time.
I have turned the world upside down.
And I have done it all for you.
Come with me now, as together,
we relive a dangerous adventure in our planet's history.
Mark the tale well and take heed.
There is much to learn.
Our planets are alike in many ways.
What happened to us could happen to you.
Listen well, children of Earth.
Uh.
Uh.
I don't think I need to worry about it.
Well, there once was a man.
The world's greatest salesman.
And he had devised a plan.
To get the shackles from our feet.
Oh, I think it means he's gone.
A martyr for the cross.
For the battle.
Huh.
Oh, yeah.
He's just taken five gallons of gunnery.
It's a big thing.
And he's gone again.
Who knew that the first shot.
That playful shot.
Yeah, it probably was a shot of tequila.
Oh, he's gone.
But he's got a hard driving pipe.
He's got a hard driving pipe.
The gas smoke all through.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
I don't think he's just talking about smoking either.
Nay, I'm, uh.
Smoking and choking and choking and bogan.
Oh, dear friends, we've got a DJ.
Oh, dear friends.
Degenerate.
Degenerate show here tonight.
Uh, it just flew in from, well, actually up from Austin, but.
One of them places.
It was bred in Boston, I'm afraid.
Now, the last show.
But he's only a crumb down here.
The last show, we stirred up a lot of hate.
Uh, talking about cruelty to animals and how much we liked cruelty to animals.
But, you know, we just like to rile up the people who don't bat an eye.
When they see humans get massacred.
But if a horse falls down and gets sick, then they cry.
But, uh, it'll be much worse tonight, friends.
Much, much worse.
Because, uh, we have as our guest a veteran of some of the top disgusting novelty bands of subhuman history.
Uh, he's, uh, instrumental in the, uh, fabulous Billy Goons, the Swinging Aeriodites, the Suede Cowboys, the Rude Smurfs for Wotan, the Sports Palace.
And now keyboardist for some, uh, what is it, a spin-off band from, uh, Billy Goons?
Yes, the Broad Street Carpet Munchers.
We are the world's only living Billy Goon tribute band.
Friends, this is Reverend Brother Cleave Donut Duncan.
The only official roving E-Missionary of J.R. Bob Dog.
That's right. Coming to your town, coming in your town, and coming all over your town.
Right here on the A1 for the B3.
That one actually, uh, that, that gets me.
That gag comes up later on in the tape.
Uh, of course, we're not on live, friends. You understand that.
We never bring Cleave in here live.
No, because of the...
Because there's just no telling what...
I actually just had to do the whole thing from remote, because I heard about this no alcohol rule at the, uh, radio station.
And they wouldn't let me bring my bottle of Mezcal in, so I just said, I'm just gonna do it from Reverend Stang's living room.
And that's why we have the phone hookup right here, and we're doing it on the one from that.
Oh, praise the Lord.
Well, anyway, uh, dear friends, uh, as you know, uh...
As you, as you probably already know, Brother Cleave is also the founder and secret master of the Multifarian faith.
The Multifari...
Praise the silver stream of the...
The silver stream of Multifari.
The worshipers of the holy hops, the sacraments of the monk.
And, uh, these things will be fully explained, dear friends.
All mysteries of life will be explained.
This is probably the most censored show I have ever had to do.
And if you, uh, make a game of it.
Listen close and see if you can hear where the cuts are.
Let's go.
And sometimes it just, uh, you know, we just use, we just use Bob, but, uh...
Oh, yeah.
So, we move then, therefore...
Man, do y'all really wanna know?
Do you really even wanna know what, what...
It's gonna be an all Cleave night, folks.
All this stuff is...
It's sick, it's bad.
It's horror.
We are the type of people that like to not only laugh at those, uh, those cattle mutilations, but also at them people mutilations, too.
So come on, give us a call.
You can be offended just as easily as we can.
And I can't be offended at all.
That's 823-7490 or 828-9500.
Talk to the Willa Dobbs.
Huh.
I say we like to party, rock the party.
Bob.
Don't get off the...
Bob.
...party.
Welcome to the end times, boys and girls.
We're gonna shock, shock the house with your brain and the world.
Bob is getting down with you here tonight.
Bob is getting down to help your plight.
Bob is coming here tonight.
Bob is here to ease your strife.
Comet suckers let Bob into your life.
Well, I'm MC Cleef.
I'm the master of rap.
I'm a daughter like my mother.
Mom.
Your lips gonna clap.
Y'all sitting around saying, oh, woe is me.
Well, I'm here to tell you it ain't worth P.
The end times is here.
Yeah, we the best.
Time to make a pay for the...
Mom.
...gums of the past.
Who else is gonna have to go through a rebirth?
And that means paying the spaceship Earth.
This will come from Planet X to remove from us the pain for sex.
In the meantime, we will have our say.
Get slack and fornicate every day.
Knock the conspiracy on its...
...boss.
Make your life a...
...fucking gas.
Take your jokes right to the hip.
Make the normal suckers flip.
Take the time to rape their minds.
Tell them to blow it out their behinds.
Take all their money, give them what's your worth.
And continue to smirk till the rebirth.
Don't waste your time, just let it disappear and this Mumbo as far back as it gets.
It's now or never.
It's here this time.
Tomorrow's our last show.
National assembly scene.
If you want to know the truth, then that's a fact.
Somebody scream, give me more slack.
Give me more slack.
Do you like slack?
I like it.
I say, I love slack.
I love it.
Do you want slack?
I want it.
Do you need slack?
I need it.
You're like Niggie.
I want it.
How about Anani?
What about Nunu?
Look out for Jackie Dismal.
Get down for broke, friend.
Ride my Jehovah One.
Do you like naturalism?
Because of all conditions.
And illuminate.
Stop as a recouple.
Out of the world, not called for.
Do you like Bob?
Yeah.
Do you like Einstein?
Yeah.
I can find no drum man.
No.
I'm a bustling evidence.
Yeah.
What about Dr. Spivak?
No.
I'm a pacifist Niggie.
Yeah.
I'm David M. Hyatt.
Yeah.
Come on, Bob.
I'm a reindeer.
Yeah.
St. Jane or Hartley.
Yeah.
Got to be convenient.
Yeah.
I'm a reindeer angel.
Yeah.
I'm a little physical.
Oh.
I'm a cyclops.
I'm a team of experience.
Yeah.
Well, I'm Reverend Cleve, the bassist on a blowfly.
Dr. Rudy Ray Moore.
And while I'm Steve Dolomite.
I ain't the next.
I know what's what.
Babe, I like the shape and size and contour of your butt.
So come on over here and give up the gas.
Whip some scum to me, fam.
Or give me all of your cash.
Return you honor to work.
Don't worry about your soul.
Because when the exits come, you'll be right on my pole.
To Dobson, Malaysia we will go.
When you drink the cool air to go home, home, home.
I'm a little physical.
I'm a little physical.
I'm a little physical.
I'm a little physical.
I'm a little physical.
Now I might be lying there with an ice pack on my nuts.
Or maybe I'll chase some other fine fucks.
But at least you won't have to wear all the machinery.
And you'll be free from the conspiracy.
Watch the fire burn your face while we make our way to outer space.
And while you're wishing upon a star.
You'll probably lose me and some at the cellar bar.
Come on, Cleve.
That's your 17th bottle of night chain tonight.
Let's go home now before you pass out right here on the street.
Woman, I can drink more wine and stay sober.
And then all the heathen Hindus in Asia.
Yeah, I heard that before.
Get your popsicle sticks and let's get your damn dead home.
Damn, hope there's something good on TV.
For whatever intimidation and injustice lie with decency and honor.
Let the doctors arise.
And arise they must.
For within every one of us there is a doctor.
A dormant doctor.
A supreme arbitrator who can be summoned to intervene when crises threaten the
stabilities and well-beings of our heartlands.
Yeah.
Now let's party.
Yeah.
Well, friends, that was Slackmaster Cleve and the spurious jive.
And inside everyone is a doctor.
But fortunately not inside everyone is a doctor.
And that's Cleve.
That's probably the Bob forsaken truth right there, because I'll tell you,
if it was a world full of me right here, I think I'd probably just kill myself
and take the load on home because I don't know what I'd do if I was confronted
in the morning with waking up and finding me everywhere.
One is bad enough, dear friends.
Bad, bad, bad.
Popes Cecilia is going to find out tonight as she actually has to go through with
the results of the win a date with Cleve contest.
A mere horrifying thought, because I've been known to throw a curveball and a
fastball and a big ball at about ninety eight miles an hour.
If you know what I'm talking about, dear friends.
Is it time for the disclaimer yet?
Oh, yes. Yes.
Thank you very much.
You know, the friends, the opinions expressed by Brother Cleve Duncan are not
the necessarily or I can guarantee not shared by the radio station or its
management or the entire church of the subgenius.
Membership aside from Cleve or myself or the Willa Dobbs or Popes Cecilia.
Definitely not after this, as you'll see why.
How do you like those?
Isn't censorship wonderful?
I think it makes it even filthier than it was before.
It does. It does.
Because kids, it's like kids look at a censored poster or censored picture and
they just imagine what is behind that black bar.
That's right. You know, so much.
It's even worse than the real.
Definitely is.
I remember when I was
a small child and the I was at least forty nine years old and the Johnny Cash
song came out, a boy named Sue, and they had that little blip on it on the radio.
And when I finally found out what it was, I was mortified because everything I
thought it was was definitely a lot fouler than it turned out to be.
Matter of fact, you could even say it on the radio right now what it is.
But maybe I probably should forget it.
Well, dear friend, this is going to there's going to be some variety here because this
Cleve thing has has produced and played in so many different.
Well, pretty, pretty much low class
dive bands, the low of the course.
Yeah, exactly.
And in that, you know, in this category, we're talking about the best.
But first,
you're going to hear some subgenius ranting here.
It was recorded in Dallas last time Cleve made a revival here.
This is at the old Twilight Room.
Club. I remember falling down those stairs.
At least at least you can remember that, you know, Reverend saying, I think we
should probably point out at this point that I am the only member of the Church
of the subgenius that has had close personal contact with both Blowfly and
Dolomite Rudy Ray Moore. That's right.
This man, aside from being a wine connoisseur and author of wine art,
we'll talk we'll probably get around to the current faves in the
wine world here, but also a scholar of black party records and rude Rastafarian songs.
The whole gamut of self-expression.
Yes. In fact, I tried to pull cuts from those things all morning.
I worked on that and couldn't find but a sentence or two here and there.
You know, just enough to kind of tweak your interest.
I do try to find them.
Blowfly rules.
I'm coming all the way from Boston, from Boston, Massachusetts,
home of the fabulous Billy Goons comes brother Cleve Duncan.

you know, I came all the way down from Boston, Massachusetts,
to talk to you all tonight, and I'll just give it a little little thing here about
what we call
the way of the Malta Far-Eye.
They see, I lived about seventeen hundred miles from here.
And back when Reverend Ivan Stang and Dr.
Philodrumma were starting the Church of the Subgenius at the same time,
I started something I also called the Church of Malta Far-Eye.
What we believe in is the sacrament of the holy harps.
The sacrament of the malt.
We saw Ed McMahon come down on a TV commercial one night and told us that all
we had to do was drinking up beer and drinking up what it looked like and snort
up enough what it looked like and just keep on doing all the kinds of drugs
and drinking everything we want to do, then we would be saved.
Save face bobs!
Save face bobs!
So we knew that it was something we had to do because we knew that there was a holy
power.
Power.
And it was going to be straight through disfigurement.
Disfigurement.
Because the more disfigured you can be, the more holier, the more higher you will be.
You know, the conspiracy likes to talk to you and tell you that
if you eat certain foods you're going to be sick.
Or if you smoke cigarettes, you're going to be sick.
Or if you drink a lot, you're going to be sick.
Take that job.
Drink it.
If you take it as
many poisons and toxins as there are out there in the universe,
Toxins!
Then you can build up a superhuman tolerance.
You know, you read a lot of science fiction books and see these old movies
and they're talking about like after the end of the world.
Who's all that's left after the end of the world?
Cockroaches.
Cockroaches?
So if you want to see the end times, eat hot dogs.
Eat meat, eat raw meat, eat beer, eat aluminum.
Eat it all.
Because that is the only way that you're going to be safe under the system.
The only way you're going to be able to survive.
The only way that you're going to be able to see the end of the world.
It's probably.
Raw meat, raw meat. Raw meat, raw meat, raw meat, raw meat.
You know what a lot of people say?
Well, all you're doing is poisoning yourself.
All you're doing is just hurting yourself.
I've seen so many people that go into their own health.
They're sick all the time.
They don't know what health is.
They don't know what it is.
Because if you're poisoning yourself so much,
and you are sick all the time,
then you are going to be truly healthy all the time.
This is a sick world, brothers and sisters.
A sick, sick, disgustingly degenerate world.
And there is no way to get around all the poison that we live in.
Oh, sure, you can say,
oh, well, maybe one day we'll clean it all up.
Maybe one day there'll be no more air pollution.
Maybe one day there'll be more toxic waste dumps.
Maybe no more nuclear power plants or something.
Oh, no, that is ideological dream.
You can't use that dream.
Fight reality.
Hit reality right upside the head.
Right here.
Fight it.
Fight it the way it looks.
And then you can have the power and strength to disfigure it.
It's the only, only way.
Only way.
So my message to you, however short it might be tonight,
is to continue to put in as many poisons as you can into your system.
Just build up that superhuman immunity.
And that is the only way that you can make sure that Bob's plan happens right.
Right.
Right.
That is the only way that Bob is going to be able to come down to this planet back again
from his ideological dim written self.
Now that he's a dead man, the only way he's going to be able to come down
and separate the men from the boys and the idiots from the stooges
is to come down and just take the job.
The job.
And it is for the suckers who live all around.
You.
It's for you.
They're always putting you down.
B.
It's for Bob.
He gives us our bread.
G.
It's for the guns they put to your head.
Head.
E.
It's for the eunuchs they want you to become.
N.
It's for your.
Glance.
They wish they had some.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I.
Is for the eyes in the back of my head.
You.
Is for us.
They want to see us dead.
Dead in the ground.
This.
Is for the.
Bad stuff.
That's all over town.
I'm a soft genius.
And I ain't no clown.
Yeah.
I know what Bob wants us to do.
Well, look who's on.
No.
I know.
I'm not even.
I don't even want to give.
The order.
You know, I don't want to have anything to do with that.
I don't want to know about it.
So just don't tell me about it.
Okay.
That's all.
But just now get out of here.
W is for woman, which is the cradle of sin.
But you feel like you in heaven once.
Happy New Year.
Hey, you queer.
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year.

Hey, fairies.
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year.
Everybody gets to sing happy New Year new.
I miss you so much.
Happy New Year.

You happy New Year.
You know, I try a lot.
Try to make new friends
They do this, they piss, they get all of his ass
The goods are drinking again
He sets his alarm for an hour
He gets up and takes a shower
I'm pretty used to being a jerk
But it's gonna go to work
It's two hours late for a good hour
The goods are drinking again
They try to make new friends
They do this, they piss, they get all of his ass
The goods are drinking again
He sets his alarm for an hour
He gets up and takes a shower
He gets up and takes a shower
He gets up and takes a shower
I'm pretty used to being a jerk
But it's gonna go to work
It's two hours late for a good hour
Well, the goods are drinking again
They try to make new friends
They do this, they piss, they get all of his ass
The goods are drinking again
Well, the goods are drinking again
They do this, they piss, they get all of his ass
The goods are drinking again
Well, the goods are drinking again
The goods are drinking again
People better pick anai
And that sounds nice
Yeah, that sounds nice
You know, you just gotta make good money
And he's like, can I get one and five?
I'm gonna go a year and they do




Oh, there's some, the Avengers
There's Prince Over here
The first last person costs a million dollars
Here's three receivers
If you can buy anything
I've lost outstanding feedback
Go onuntry poker!

you wouldn't want to hang on to it for long.
It becomes good stuff after a while.
But we used to have to play these shows,
and when you have like 28 people in the band,
you never really can tell how many people are actually going to show up.
Some nights there might have been too much whiskey,
and there might be three people on stage.
And some nights there could be 40.
And some nights people like Fred Blassie and Captain Lou Albano would come down.
And well, it was just sort of like one of those things.
And we discovered that if we played in bands,
then you'd get free beer at the clubs and free whiskey.
So we said, well, why not?
So we put together a band and became sort of a local,
I don't know whether you'd say legend or hazard.
It was pretty dangerous for me, friends.
The time that Pope David Meyer and I preached in Boston at the Spit Club, aptly named,
Yeah.
in Boston.
The...
Yeah.

The goons played first and started throwing food around up on stage.
And the audience...
No, not on stage.
We were throwing it at the audience.
Bowls of spaghetti at the crowd.
Yeah.
Well, they picked up the hint and then just threw it right back at us ranters.
So there was less of us.
I still have some pasta in my shorts.
I was wondering about that.
Jeez.
Yeah, really.
Thought I went to some Italian restaurant today.
But no, I'm afraid that's the way I stink every day.
Just sort of like one big bowl of pasta.
But I'll tell you.
And then there were pie fights on stage and all sorts of things.
Then the promoters used to have to...
They'd have us open for like the big bands that would come over to Boston from different places.
And then they wised up about that pretty damn soon after like half the crowd would leave
or sometimes they wouldn't even bother to show up because they knew we'd be playing.
So it was just one of those things.
Hay fights and pie fights and mud fights and spaghetti fights and head pro wrestlers.
The whole gamut of it all.
That was...
You know, it became such a thing though that it was just too big to control.
And it got more and more spinal tap-ish every day.
Whereas like everything just turned into like your life became Billy Goon.
That's why we have the Billy Goon Tribute band out now.
Because the original was just so great, so powerful, and just made people drop so many
draws that we knew it was just too dangerous to be able to bring it onto the road live.
So the Tribute band...
Yeah.
The Tribute band has come out and I don't even perform with them anymore.
Aren't they playing at one of those little clubs here in town, Reunion Arena or something
like that tomorrow night?
No, actually, I think the only reason we stopped in Dallas was to play up here and then they
wouldn't let our instruments in the front door because-
That's because they use living creatures for instruments, friends.
That's right.
It said no alcohol, they wouldn't even let any of the other guys in the band up because
they are just living alcohol.
They're just mere walking...
They're just walking fluids, which is kind of an interesting thing.
I myself had my entire body turned into a fluid hydraulic system many years ago by my
compatriot, Dr. Felix Krul, MD, who took all my internal organs out that I didn't need
anymore and just put this whole fluid hydraulic system in now.
So I don't even have to bother eating anymore.
Acubating can't be beat.
Well, that ought to get us into the multifarian rant here, which I think is somewhere along
here in this tape.
I think it's time.
It's getting harder and harder to find the show in this room, friends.
I've got something for you, baby.
Float within the cave of harmony.
Oh, that cave.
The mighty cave.
That cave from whence we came and to which we must return.
Oh, let us back into the cave.
Only temporarily.
But please let us.
If we can't.
If we can't get our whole body and at least some small portion of it.
And at least our heads.
And at least our German helmets.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
We can be a perfect family.
You can dance, do you?
It's shocking to find.
To set your mind.
Like you're behind.
To get a soft spanking.
Spanking anytime.
Daddy.
Sock it to the circuit.
You've seen the rest.
The amount.
LSD.
Now see the P.
You see.
DNA.
Watch them go to the moon.
The O.T.V.
11.
The left is spanking all the ladies.
Hey!
And now.
The P.
The P.
The P.

The P.
The P.
The P.
The P.
The P.
The.
11.
The P.
The P.

The P.



And now.
What the Multifarians preach and believe is based on the concept of strength through disfigurement.
Beer in itself is an integral yet not exclusive element in the Multifarian way of life.
Most American beer drinkers are fat, lazy, snuggle-ups who have little desire or knowledge of the true powers of the brew in which they partake.
Most people drink to escape problems and reality.
Multifarians, conversely, drink to create problems for those nobles around them so they can indulge in the holy horror of PARTY HARTY
and be the true social buffoons they were in fact born to be.
That is why the darkest day on the Multifarian calendar is the dreaded AMATEUR NIGHT known to pink boys as NEARZE
when every normal feels obliged to get pie-faced even though they don't understand the power
and therefore ruin the good times of we stooges who take the job every day.
All these idiots do is crowd the bars, talk loud and stupid, smash up the roads, smell awful, and give alcohol a bad name.
Fortunately, these gnats will kill off themselves any time.
They will kill each other due to the fact that they DO NOT UNDERSTAND THE POWER.
The Multifarian not only understands the power but knows how to use it and abuse it to his or her advantage.
One power is the holy sanity flush.
The great power of the Malt is to make every member a space shot for NASA, a true astronaut.
Every morning after a disfigurement bout, the Multifarian enters the tabernacle of extra meditation prepared to BLAST OFF to shoot the moon, so to speak.
This great cleansing process clears the head as well as the intestines.
Its effectiveness is doubled if it's performed after a wake-up call game of Hide the Salami.
The Multifarian will then have gotten rid of all the substances that reside in the Gouda Chakra region
and will head off to the bar feeling like a new stoge.
A new lightness and quickness of step will send the Multifarian on his way to face another day.
Another important element in the way is the act of getting REFLECTED.
While having a bout with the PLATE OF PAIN, i.e. the mirror of disfigurement,
by taking in the sacrament of what it looked like,
the BRAIN AMA, in which the contents of the brain are hosed out at breakneck speed,
thereby removing all unwanted particles and boosting the buildup of the loose parts into a more cohesive force.
If the beer takes care of the lower torso, so the what it looked like takes care of the upper.
The cleaner something is, the better it works.
But it cannot be so clean as this.
If it is to remain totally purified, this brings us to the DIET of the Multifarian.
Essentially, the worse something is supposed to be for you, the better in fact it is.
You are told by the medical and governmental lackeys all about what you should do and what you shouldn't do to have a better life.
They tell you all that stuff to keep you weak.
They know of the power, the power of the Malt, but they lie about it to you.
They tell you how to live right and how to eat right and how to exercise right, but they're all WRONG.
They're just trying to keep you in your self-imposed place
so they can retain psychological balance.
They're trying to keep you in your psychological powers over you.
If they told you how radioactive you REALLY are,
they wouldn't be able to scare you with horror stories of Russians and bombs.
If they told you that after the bomb falls you'll feel the same way you do now,
they'd just be a little less of you,
then you wouldn't be so concerned with trying to play their idiotic games with their enemies because no one would give a...
The only way to live, therefore, is to partake in as many poisons available,
thereby building up a superhuman immunity system.
Just because the rest of humanity has worked to stop evolution doesn't mean you have to.
Remember the insects in the DDT? Made them pretty strong, didn't it? Ha ha ha.
How about them cockroaches? Who do you think is gonna take over the torch from man after we've gone the way of the dinosaurs?
Eat junk food, eat and drink tons of chemical preservatives,
put hot sauce on everything and anything, the hotter the better, burn a hole in your digestive tract,
listen to everything so loud it makes you sick,
make your ears ooze, you'll never need a Q-tip again,
your ears will be so clean you'll be able to hear somebody fart from across the street,
eat raw meat, don't forget sushi and hot sauce,
build a tolerance, you will survive,
by partaking in the yin-yang of poison, enter poison, exit,
you will build a strength unknown to others, keeping clean while remaining poisoned.
And when it comes to exercising, don't bother with jogging, don't bother with nautilus,
don't bother with any of that other corporate nonsense,
just f*** the way of the multifari, shall not be forsaken.
This episode of the Hour of Slack is underwritten by the Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company,
a purveyor of Dobbs-approved church wear, including subgenius t-shirts, buttons, and other mutant products.
Also available locally at Lone Star Comics and Metamorphosis.
That's the Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company, serving the public since God knows when,
at P.O. Box 595-148, Dallas, Texas 75359-5148.
Thanks, Weeping Cyclops, for supporting KNON and the Hour of Slack.
We'll see you next time.
Thanks, Weeping Cyclops.
Thanks, Weeping Cyclops.
Well, they do Bon Jovi, what is it, Living on My Hair.
Oh, I'm a millionaire, living on my hair, you know, something like that.
Yep, so friends, you can see why, if Cleve is in your band, fire him for success.
That's right, it's the only way.
All my troubles seem so far away.
Now I need a place to hide away.
Oh, I've been living yesterday.
Suddenly, well, I'm not half the man I used to be.
There's a shadow hanging over me.

Oh, I've been living yesterday.
Why she had to go, I don't know.
She wouldn't say.
I said something along the lines of yesterday.
Yesterday.
All my troubles seem so far away.
Now I need a place to hide away.
Oh, I've been living yesterday.
Suddenly, well, I'm not half the man I used to be.
There's a shadow hanging over me.
Oh, I've been living yesterday.
Yesterday.
Yesterday.
Yesterday.
Yesterday.
Suat espaço us.
Suat espacio ten squ légion.
Today, I am one of your men.
What?
London!
кожел Walsh!

No, no.
It sounds like a lot of shit.
Well, here's one of them.


We know how to do it just fine if we meet him.

And one of my habeas get married.
Don't, yeah.
God knew we knew.
They got all his testimony.





I believe in yesterday
Suddenly
I don't have the man I used to be
But it's shadowing over me
What I believe in yesterday
It's reggae time
One, one, two, two, three, and
Yesterday
I and I had troubles, my
Oh, but I've seen you so far away
I sense enough, be bad, boy, bad
Maybe you can make my troubles go away
Why don't you go back up in the mountain, man
Find the Paul McCartney guy, bring me the big slave
Cause I believe
Oh, such a day I did not have the guy that I might have
I wouldn't quit, man
Cause I've been speaking the final words of the native country, man
Bring me the bongo man
Polka time!
One, two, three, two, two, three
Follow me
War be mine
I'll be yours
It hurts
You must have beer
Oh, I took his spare bongo
Oh, I'm a man, we gonna have another beer
We must have the beer
Cause yesterday we believed in more beer
Oh, I'm getting fibrous
Sour Broccol, my
Cause I smell like sour broccol
Enough of this ethnic crap
How about a little avant-garde free-form jazz?
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen
Time for an Irish jig
One, two, three, two, two, three
Heaven be praised, lad
Short and be gone a real, your Irish jig
Oh, may the saints be praised
May you have a six-pack and a potato
Because you might have a seven-course meal
Oh, short and be gone a real bread in your throat
Oh, it must be true, lad
The saints be praised
Oh, may the saints be praised
It's bluegrass time
One, two, three, four
Yesterday
Daylight
I'm a turn the lights up on our way
Oh, man, I need a beer
Oh, I need a beer
Oh, I need a beer
Yesterday
Daylight
I need a beer
Oh, where's the happy little Sam McCoy?
Oh, how I miss this town
Yesterday
One more time, Gary
No, you're off the seat of our way
No, give us our way
The night, the night is your destiny
The night, the night is your destiny
You can walk on my shoes
But you can't dance a step in my feet
You can walk on my shoes
But you can't dance a step in my feet
You can't dance a step in my feet
You can't dance a step in my feet
You can't dance a step in my feet
You can't dance a step in my feet
You can't dance a step in my feet
You can't dance a step in my feet
You can't dance a step in my feet
You can't dance a step in my feet
You can't dance a step in my feet
You can't dance a step in my feet
You can't dance a step in my feet
You can't dance a step in my feet
You can't dance a step in my feet
You can't dance a step in my feet
You can't dance a step in my feet
You fools, you dupes, you pigs
Give me your money
You won't need it in the future
The future offers you not but destruction
You know what I mean?
I mean, I
I dare you to kill me
I am a soft genius
That's all I need to be
I'm one of the greatest

Good guys
My cons shall prevail
Let out the crazy man inside you
He knows what's what
Smile when you call me a fanatic
Or you say
Me, primate
Me, overman
You think I'm dumb
But you are blind
To the conspiracy that runs your life
And you have your geniuses
Running things for you
And you think they're gonna make things safe
And simple and easy
And all that free stuff
That I call unmediaful
Well, I'm a soft genius
And I'm gonna make things safe
And simple and easy for me
And the entire soft genius race
Even if it means wiping out your sick society
In total
With no more sentiment involved
In swatting the fly
All this that we might survive
The end times
You know why?
Because I am
I am
I am
I am
I am
A soft genius
I say
Bob
Oh, you blow-dried
White technical-designer
Jeans clad
French film-watching
Walkman-toting
Hip-whimp
Ewe-housecoated
Enquirer-reading
Trailer and camp
Ball-sharp
Hair-curled
Motorheads
Cock holsters
All you dupes
The corporate big money
Oil-explorers
Tree-killers
Land rapists
Food-freezers
Desk-womans
Trilateralists
Establishmentarians
Vogue
Hunting
Backstabbing
Poverty spreading, bomb wielding, meringue headed
Pencil necked, eraser headed, politicals
Kill the conspiracy
Kill them and eat them
Who do you think you are?
What do you think you're doing?
Do you think you got it good?
Well dispose of those illusions
Dispose of them all right now
Because on July 5th, 1998
At 7.30 in the morning
You shall be judged
Yes indeed I tell you Zach you buy
You shall, you shall be judged
And not by some jury of your peers
But by an axe cold calculating alien race
With moral standards radically different from your own
If you don't follow Bob
You won't escape their scrutiny
If you are not a made up subgenius
You just aren't good enough
You will fly
You will fly
Well we will par-pay
Give me another beer Zach you buy
Give me another nice big, big bottle of Thunderbird
I'm gonna get down and do it right here
Nasty and dirty
You know why daddy?
You know why?
Because I am a subgenius
That's right
I drive my own car
And I ride my own ticket
There is such a thing as free lunch
And I'm gonna eat it daddy
Because you know why?
I am, I am, I am
A subgenius
Or kill me
Oh I wouldn't be surprised if that very thing happened Dr. Duncan
You know?
Yeah
There's probably those who would love to do it
There probably are
You know I wouldn't blame them in the least
And some mornings dear friends I think that it's me I should just kill
I wish we could tell them where they could go and kill you this week while you're in town
But I guess we'd better not
Well it's Rico's Rhythm Room down off of I-45
Just about 8 miles south of here
And you can see the Broad Street Carpet Munchers down there
And if you're young and willing then we're old and swilling
And we'll be taking the job
But you know dear friends while I have you here and speaking to you from here in the
South of here


The beautiful studios of K-N-O-N here in Dallas, Texas
I really have to give you my own personal endorsement
My personal life story
You know friends years ago I was confused
I didn't know which way I was going except for the bottom of the bottle
But then dear friends I met Bob and all of a sudden that bottle was turned upright and
right down my throat
Yes dear friends you know Bob came to me one day and he said you know if you send me $20
I guarantee that within a good year or so I'll be able to sell you a bottle of wine


So you will never have to work again
You can have a whole life of slack
Yes money will be falling at your feet
Women's will be coming up and tying up your toenails and just having a good old time there
Yes indeed and dear friends you know I sent that $20 in and you know guarantee that I
am standing right here in Dallas, Texas
Two years to that day I had slack
And to this day dear friends I still have slack
I don't work and I have about $400 just sitting in my pocket right now
And a couple of other thousand just back in my hotel
Five bank accounts, two Swiss chalets and wines, women's and songs everywhere all over the globe
I've spun this whole globe four thousand times and I ain't even stopped yet
I'm gonna be spinning for a lot more longer
So I want you out there not to be a Bobby
No no I want you to get down
Get down in that checkbook
Get down with that thing
And send money to K-N-O-N
Right here in Dallas, Texas
And I don't know what the address is but of course this is not an on-air solicitation for the Church of the Subgenius
No, no dear friends you know where you can find that out
You know how you can find out about
We only have about four minutes I need to tell them where to find that out
About post office box 140306
In Dallas, Texas 752144
Or we have a small, not a major subgenius devival, probably just be me out there
Reverend Ivan Stang
But this Friday night at 10 o'clock at the Sheraton downtown in Live Oak
And what building is it in?
The Southland, yeah the Southland building
My friend, subgenius devival
Now I want y'all to stay tuned for Robert Wisdom's Show American Music Party
And I was fixing to play your tune
The One Last Drop
Ah yes
Tune, but instead I think I'm gonna go to the Suede Cowboys or the Swingin' Erudites doing Stand By Your Man
Ah yes, Swingin' Erudites
Yep, we'll get in
Not to be confused with the Swingin' Love Corpses, that will be settled out of court
Praise Cleve
Thank you friends for letting me take up your time and take up your mind and kick your behind
Mister Reasse speed, prêt, parti to speed
Ah yes, мужчина да си шу offs
Hai si на ном красу
Ma псин геuber
thank you very much

yah eye
And we'll have a good time
Doing things that we don't all understand
But if you love him, be proud of him
I guess the next line is try to do the things that he understands
Very nice
Cause if you love him, all be proud of him
Cause after all, he's just a man
Everybody, stand by your man
Give him to all to thank you
And some reward
The company
The debt
The dots are cold and golden
Stand by your man
And tell the world he loves you
Keep giving all the love you can
Sing you animal
Stand by your man
Play it now, boy
Oh, boy, oh, boy
Oh, boy, oh, boy
Oh, boy, oh, boy
Oh, boy, oh, boy

Oh, boy, oh, boy
Oh, boy, oh, boy
Oh, boy, oh, boy
Well, I hate to do this to you, but at the Rock and Roll Alternative and at KNO,
