Hello?
Now you listen to me.
You asked for this.
You asked for...
The self-genius.
Power of...
What?
Shut up, you.
Get out of here.
He's a raven lunatic.
You are directed to make effort to keep it alive and protect it against injury.
Well, I understand.
This is a coordinated monthly test being tested.
This station serves your area.
Quick-quip confinement being tested is being conceded during emergency warning.
If this...
This had followed the alert tone.
This concludes the emergency...
Are you looking for your family tonight?
This is Lisa Mc...
Make sure the...
Are picked from...
My game date for my...
Plan.
Flip your game...
Part of...
Mountain News Denver Rock Wednesday and...
He's every...
Hipsters!
Flipsters!
And finger-popping...
Daddies!
Knock me your loads.
How are you, fellas?
It's him.
The anomaly.
Do we...
Do we proceed?
Yes.
He is still...
Only human.
Okay, this is a special emergency edition hour of slack by myself, the Reverend Cardboard Box.
Standing in for Ivan Stang, who is no doubt slaving over a hot video editing program.
Praise Bob, help me somebody.
The subject matter of tonight's show is gays.
Gay marriage.
Gay existence.
Gay as a new nigger.
And gay as the new scapegoat for all the moral ills affecting society.
The source of this show is actually from InfidelGuy.com, who, several months back, scored a massive
coup by getting one of the Phelps clan, also known as the Westboro Baptist Church.
I'm sure you know who Fred Phelps is.
God hates fags.
Ring any bells?
Good.
Good.
So, to come on the show, by telephone, and try and explain what their position was.
That lasted on the show for the first 15 minutes, and then they went to the phones.
I've only managed to get to the first 15 minutes.
Listening to these guys talk, and realising just how closed and certain their minds are
is kind of disturbing.
On the subject of gay marriage myself, I don't particularly see the difference between two
homosexual people getting married and two heterosexual people getting married.
Technically speaking, there's two aspects to marriage, you see.
There's the religious ceremony, you know, white weddings, church bells ringing, ding-a-ling-a-ding-dong,
that sort of thing.
And then there's the civil aspect, the change in status in society.
And a lot of people don't seem to understand that.
They consider the ritual and the state change to be one and the same thing.
Myself?
I don't see anything.
I don't see any difference in one orientation over another.
I don't care if you're homosexual, heterosexual, bisexual, trisexual, transsexual, polysexual,
polyamorous, polyvinyl chloride, polywolly doodle all the day, or just plain asexual.
If you want to devote your life to your significant other, or indeed others, I see no reason why
the state should discriminate against you in favour of just one monogamous straight marrying
another monogamous straight.
Of the opposite sex, of course.
That's just tradition.
And basically, when something becomes a tradition, friends, it's generally a good time to haul
it out, lay it flat on the table, poke it, see what kind of fluids ooze out, and if you
don't like what you see, if it looks like it's gone well past its use-by date, then
it's time to chuck it out and find something that's as good, or more importantly, better.
I'm not saying that's a bad thing.


But in any case, back to the InfernoGuy.com radio show.
For the first 15 minutes, basically, Tim Phelps, Fred Phelps' brother I believe, tried
to explain why they're making such a fuss.
Well, I'm glad you asked that question because that's the question that the Romans,
that is the people at the Church of Rome, asked Paul.
And he gave them a good answer.
Alright.
And here it is in common parlance.
I can quote you what the verse says, but here it is in common parlance.
Who the hell do you think you are questioning what God Almighty decides His people are supposed
to do in the earth?
Well, those of you who are interested in the niceties of argument, you might like to note
that Tim here seems to be making not only an appeal to authority, but also an appeal
to threat.
That is, to make a threat.

And here it is, he is saying, basically, that God is incredibly superior to every other
thing, therefore it is not within our power or even right to question His decisions, and
also that you could get into terrible trouble and will for just questioning it.
But at the same time, it can be argued that the Phelps' antics, yes, I think we'll call
them antics, do exactly that.
Particularly when you take into account the fact that God is superior to every other thing.

And here is the question and answer.
Does your church believe in a predestination?
Absolutely.
Heaven, you can think of as a nightclub.
At the dawn of time, they were given a booking.
They were given a guest list of all the people who would get in.
No arguments, no changes, no additions, no omissions, no exceptions.
Now if you take that kind of doctrine into account, and it's a rather pessimistic doctrine
to me.
All of a sudden, what the Phelps' are doing with their vitriol against gays and demands
that gays repent, conform and become straight and normal, seems like nothing more than an
exercise in futility, doesn't it?
Well, it's really not any surprise.
What we believe is what all mainstream churches in their foundation doctrines believed, and
that is that there is a certain number of people in the earth who believe in the Lord.


And so, that is the essence of our faith.
Now, as you know, your church is well known for their position on homosexuality.
Right.
And we've seen the pictures of them, of Fred Phelps holding up the signs and his supporters
and the members of the church holding up the signs.


Now, I'm sure you get this question often, are you serious?
Well, we're as serious as hell is serious.
We have a duty to our fellow man.
We take it seriously.
We don't make any money off of it.
We all work full time, some of us more than one job.
We all have college and post college degrees.
This is a serious subject.
We owe to our fellow creatures the duty to warn them that there's a time coming when
they have to pay for it.






And the standard is set already and has been set from eternity past.
And it's written in a very specific way and very clear way in the scriptures.
If you don't obey it, you're going to burn in hell.
And the ultimate betrayal and the ultimate violation of God's law is found in this filthy
conduct that people euphemistically call gay.
Right.
Now, Tim, I thought you said that the church is a little bit more of a, you know, a little

perverse than it is.







Well, the ultimate transgression against God was to deny the Holy Spirit.
Well of course that's what you're doing when you preach the lies that these people
preach trying to bend the laws of God around to suit the lust of these beasts.
But don't confuse the ultimate depravity or violation or assault on God with what the
Bible calls the unpardonable sin.
Really?
I mean, how do we know that that was referring to homosexuality?
Well, what?
But blasphemy, which is what you're talking about,
there's this notion in Christendom that that has some narrow definition.
It is nothing more and nothing less than denying the essence of God.
Insert weird, old-funnery slack.
Noice stuff as promised.
You know you like it just as much as I do.
Well then, would you like some more tea, Thalia?
I think you should just pour it on that jelly of yours.
Oh, Ooni. Ooni loves tea.
I usually pour it into a large container for Ooni to sit in.
Does that help relieve his poor, tired, achy whatever he's got?
No, that's how he eats.
He eats that way. He absorbs the tea.
It just kind of goes up and it's gone.
I don't know where it goes, but it somehow goes in him.
And where does it come out?
I've never seen that, you know?
Cho says it has to happen, but I've never actually seen it myself.
Maybe he sweats.
I've never seen him sweat.
Actually, that's a thought.
Cho said once that Ooni had pores, so maybe that's how he gathers with it.
Of course, Ooni never feels wet.
Yeah, but he does leave a slime trail at night.
At least that's gotta be him.
I can't explain what that is on the floor otherwise.
Um, I spilled some plums.
I was canning some plums.
One day in Teletubbyland.
I planned to have Tinky Winky here with me this morning.
And I didn't get Tinky.
If you have LVM, you're supposed to have Tinky Winky right up here.
And I don't see him unless he's under there somewhere.
But, uh, Tinky Winky.
Tinky Winky is a, uh, former drug addict, drug pusher.
Everything you can mention bad, he's done it twice.
He's done it twice.
He's done it twice.
Outed.
That's the word when they come out of the closet.
Or whatever it is.
Uh, they, uh, out had outed Tinky Winky.
And poor Jerry got outed.
It's not true.
But I had him on Friday night on my list in America as my co-host.
And I had him tied up right in the chair there.
And we attacked the Teletubbies.
Attacked the Teletubbies.
Attacked the Teletubbies.
And it was a, a parent's alert.
Parents to monitor what their children watch on TV.
South Park, cartoons, etc.
Go to my website, ballwell.com.
ballwell.com.
It is all there.
Plus.
My response to it.
Time for Tubby Bye Bye.
Time for Tubby Bye Bye.
Time for Tubby Bye Bye.
Time for Tubby Bye Bye.
Time for Tubby Bye Bye.
Time for Tubby Bye Bye.


Like it's the fruit of the devil.
Evil.
Jesus of the flavor pornography.
Jesus Christ has a homosexual or lesbian relationship that'll satisfy you.
Joy unspeakable in some of these sordid affairs.
You say, Jesus, but I want that.
I am a sinner.
Now, whatever you're into, God knows it.
He knows how you made your bed, and he's willing to forgive you.
I am Lord Jesus.
That's right.
Lord Jesus Christ.
I know my own body.
God Almighty, I turn away now, and I turn wrong.
God Almighty, I turn away my loved ones.
Even Jesus.
I take you as my sinner, and I ask you to come now in me, and I will serve you.
I take you.
I make you.
And I ask you to come in me.
Thank you, Jesus.
I enjoyed that.
Let's do it again.
On second thoughts, let's have some credits for the last three items, shall we?
First off, we had Jennifer Diane Wright.
She's the owner of Transsexual.org and producer of Unicorn Jelly, which you can buy through
unicornjelly.com, as well as producing her new comic strip, Pastel Defender Heliotrope,
having some fun with her spouse, Sandra Woodruff, and a microphone, playing Lupico and Thilia
at home.
Now, you're going to have to go to unicornjelly.com and find out who Lupico and Thilia are, and

who Ooni is, and what Ooni is, and Cho is, and so on and so forth.
And please buy the books.
I helped work on them.
Yeah, that's right.
I'm that cardboard box.
Thanks for asking.
Next up, we had a strange little cut-up involving Tinky Winky and Jerry Falwell.
I'm not sure who did that.
There's no information on the MP3, which is a damn pity.
But next up, the last one in the lot was Jesus Pornoslave by, of course, the mighty Lillian
Lemieux.
But now we have to go back to the vileness of the Phelpses, as they try and explain why
they call fags fags, and why they call fags beasts.
Tim, you're back on.
Now, why the verbal insults, though, like beast fag?
Why would you call them names?
I mean, they are still human beings, right?
I mean...
Those are Bible names.
Really?
I didn't see the word fag in the Bible.
Well, that's because you don't study the Bible.
Well, that's because you don't study the Bible.

F-A-G is in the Bible.
Do you know what the word fag comes from?
What the etymology of the word means.
Something about burning or something.
We don't get to take 20th or 21st century definitions of words that are twisted and
molded by public opinion and say that's what the words mean.
You've got to look honestly at what the root of the word is.
A faggot is a brand.
A brand.
You know, like a fire brand.
Like a hot burning stick that fuels the fire.
That's what the word literally means.
Oh, yeah, like a cigarette.
Like slang for a cigarette is a fag.
Yes.
And that's because cigarettes burn quick and hot.
That's why they were called fags.
Right.
But it comes from that root word that means brand.
And it says in Amos that the elect are uniquely considered saved and it says they are plucked
as a brand from the burning.
That is, they're about to be burned up in the fires of wrath, but they were saved from
it.
But the word is valid.
The word is used for fags to reach back to that day when God Almighty destroyed them
by an immolation.
Before we get on with Timmy's concern, whatever that is, he's finally going to explain it
pretty soon, I'm going to say something about the background music.
We started off with the Raid on Fort Knox theme from Goldfinger, Paul's favorite.

Scroll down through altbinaries.slack.
And since then, we've been having background music from the cult British TV show, The Prisoner.
You might remember that one, Prisoner 6 has escaped, that sort of thing.
We just thought you should know what it was and is going to be anyhow.
Okay, now, exactly what is Timmy's concern?
Close the door, they're coming through the window.
Close the door, they're coming up the stairs.
Close the roof, they're coming through the ceiling.
Those...
Are everywhere.
Sorry about that.
That wasn't actually Tim Phelps.
That was the famous equals interpreting Tim Phelps.
But let Tim Phelps tell you in his own words.
Instead of trying to strain at a gnat and swallow the camel, why don't we talk about
what we really are talking about.
We're talking about the camel.
The camel is a proud, boasting, out of the closet, aggressive pervert.
Vulgar, pushy pervert.
That's what we're talking about.
You can't change a pervert.
We're not trying to change any perverts.
We tell you straight out, if there is any hope for you, it's because what we tell you
scares you deep down inside and God settles it into you.
You better repent or you're going to burn in hell.
And that scares you.
You stop what you're doing.
You never talk about it again.
You engage in preaching against it, driven from inside you, not driven by some program
that's developed to earn money and make yourself a name that these freaks out in Colorado and
other places do.
How do you view people who are, say, intersexed or maybe people with the Kleinfelder
syndrome or like that?
What is the church's position on that?
So that we don't spend a lot of time trying to quibble with psychobabble and socio-political discussion.
Okay.
I'll give you that for purposes of the discussion.
It is supremely irrelevant how you got into your sinful state.
Oh, really?
God still says that if you don't repent of it, you're doomed.
Well, because you're good atall but J and E学.
Well, remember two to three things that is true about that preach—the translation�

Has, I'm sorry?

Do you understand what I meant when I said it was funny enough or is sounds like the

Ha, no.
Just write, and then sleevg that one or the other, and you'll know when to kick your
ass.
Beautiful, beautiful.
I appreciate it.
I wouldn't be blue somehow
I wouldn't be crying now
If I'd only believe in you
I wouldn't be wondering who
You're giving your kisses to
If I'd only believe in you
I was a fool to listen
To tales that they brought
I learned that they were lies
Oh, what a lesson it's part
We wouldn't be miles apart
You still would be my sweet heart
If I'd only believe in you
I wouldn't be crying now
I wouldn't be crying now
I wouldn't be crying now
I wouldn't be crying now
I wouldn't be crying now
I wouldn't be crying now
I wouldn't be crying now
I wouldn't be crying now
I wouldn't be crying now
I wouldn't be crying now
I wouldn't be crying now
I wouldn't be crying now
I wouldn't be crying now
I wouldn't be crying now

How I momentarily
Say to God
That you know




And all my worries
I've let dirty words

And I'm in syrup
I'll聯파 pourraotros
I will let the wind
That lets note
I also wonder what your church's policy is on things like biblically justified gang rape,
which we find in the book of Genesis with Lot and his daughters.
She's referring to Genesis chapter 19, verse 30 onwards,
where Lot's daughters, while they're hiding in a cave after the nuking of Sodom and Gomorrah,
decide they really need a man and decide to make do with their dad by getting him drunk so he doesn't know what he's doing.
Hmm. Okay, well, good question. Thank you. We'll take it off the air. Thank you.
Well, first of all, Jennifer, you apparently didn't really read that story
other than to try to think you could carve some way to jab at the elect of God with it.
What Lot did was not gang rape.
What Lot did was, when he was drunk, he had sex with his two daughters.
Nobody in this church has ever suggested that that wasn't a grotesque sin,
and in fact, two despised-of-God nations came from that sin.
Number one. Number two, don't confuse the ceremonial laws that were written in the Old Testament
with the moral laws that were written in the Old Testament.
The ceremonial laws passed away when Jesus Christ fulfilled them.
The moral laws were reinforced and spoken of in even stronger language by Jesus Christ,
including the law against sodomy.
Yes.
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...

Uh...


Uh...
Uh...


Uh...

Uh...
helps. You said that in the book of Romans, Paul says, who are you to question God who
has made you thus? Basically, he tells it in response to those who say, well, why did
God make us such? As in, for example, God predetermining those who shall be homosexuals
and those who shall be unbelievers. In other words, if God has made you that way, then
how is it basically that God turns around and tells you to repent that which he made
you, and like you said, they can't repent of it anyway. And yet you still, it becomes,
well, who are you to question? Why can't we ask these questions? When it basically, if
God sets this way and predetermines it where you don't have any choice of being so, and
yet you're to repent of that which you can't repent of anyway, and yet we're to take the
rap for that? I don't think so.
Thanks for the call.
Can you just repeat your question?
Paul says, nay, but O man, who art thou that repliest against God? Can the thing formed
say that him that formed it, why hast thou made me thus? Hast not the potter, that is
God, power over the clay, that is you, to make of the same lump one vessel unto honor,
that is the one that goes to heaven, and one unto dishonor, that is the one that goes to
hell? Of course he has the power to do that, and you don't have any power to question it.
Well, apparently we're doing so right now.
That's right, we are. We're doing so right now.
Thank you for the call.
By this time, I was starting to get sick of listening to this little twerp and his cheesy,
crappy, outdated hate fest, so I just started skipping through the MP3. About 30 minutes
in, this.
Okay, well, actually, you seem more excited than I am. Tim, okay, let's break it down
like this then. God has a good plan, right? A divine good plan, and it's going to be fulfilled,
right?
Absolutely, and part of it is the destruction of beasts like you.
Okay, so everything that God does...
Everything that God does is good, right?
Everything that God does is beautiful and perfect.
Okay then, well, he created this universe knowing the way it would be, so it's a good thing that
homosexuals exist, that all these other things exist. It's all part of God's plan, right?
If it's good for me, it's bad for you.
I don't know.
It's still beautiful and perfect, but it's bad for you.
For all you know, you could go to hell.
You're going to spend eternity in hell, and that's a beautiful, perfect thing.
Nah, I think I'd be in heaven, because it would be hell if I was out there with you.
But you're thinking falsely then.







Because you can't enter heaven when you deny the testimony of Christ, which is what you're doing with your foul mouth as we speak on the radio.
No, I'm not. I'm asking you a lot of questions.
And if we can't elevate the dialogue here, then this conversation's going to be over.
Oh, I see. I see what's going on, Tim.
I'm not going to exchange filth with you.
I see what's going on, Tim. You want an excuse to hang up. Well, I'm not going to give you one. Let's take this next call. You're alive with this infrared guy.
Did you say I want to hang up?
Obviously. I didn't say anything.
I can go toe-to-toe with you, having spent 13 years working in a car.

I'm not going to talk to you in a corrections environment.
Oh, really?
There's nothing you can say that I couldn't out-embarrass you on.
Interesting.
But I'm here to do is speak about the doctors' great.
You know something, Tim? It's funny, and I'm going to turn your volume down here, because I can't talk.
If you don't want to do that...
I'm an ex-federal corrections officer myself, by the way.
If you don't want to do that...
And I'm a veteran.
...in this conversation, then I'm not going to participate in this conversation.
Wait a minute. Are you saying that if I don't allow you to say what you want to say, and I can't ask you questions, that you're going to hang up?
Well, if you're not going to ask me questions that are relevant, instead of trying to engage in filth talk, it's really impossible.
Well, that's subjective. Well, that's rather subjective. On a radio show, I'm going to ask you a lot of different questions.
Look, I don't need you. You know what I'm saying? I don't need you. I ain't making no money.
Ten minutes later, the infidel guy raised the question of passages in the Bible that seemed to condone homosexual relationships.
One of these that he mentioned involved the book of Ruth, the story of Ruth.
Okay.
Now, this was what caused Tim Phelps to do his prunes.
Now, if you don't know what is meant by this term, stay tuned.
Tim Phelps is going to provide you with two minutes and twenty-five seconds of a textbook example.
You perverts can turn that into some kind of a lesbian relationship boggles any sober mind.
Well, there's some instances in there where they talk about how, you know, at least three or four times in which she said, you know, she loved her and she loved...
Of course, and...
But in other...
I don't mean I love my brothers and sisters. I don't mean I fuck them.
No, not love. Love-duh. The D.
Well, so you think that means had sex with?
Everywhere else it does. People seem to...
Instead of...
Everywhere else it does.
...that he had passionate, familiar affection for?
Oh, by the way, this is a... I don't know if you know this. Even though I'm an infidel, this is more of a family type show, so your language isn't really appreciated. I appreciate it.
You mean because I said the F word to accidentally describe what you were implying?
Some children have to listen to this, but you might talk like that in front of your kids. I don't know.
You can imply it okay. You're saying that those blessed women had sex with each other, but I'm not supposed to use the words.
Um...
That's your standard, you hypocrite?
How am I a hypocrite? What do you mean?
You're sitting over there implying on broadcast radio...
And then you yell it out too.
...that those two blessed women who were the elect of God and served the Lord were somehow sexually involved...
And then, of course...
...because you twist a single word like L-O-V-E-D without even bothering to look.
All it is is ask you a question.
That's the Hebrew word that is used there.
All it do is ask you a question.

All it do is ask you a question. That's it.
But you asked me if you had sex with your daughter. Is that a legitimate question?
Calm down.
Of course it's not. Don't play that kind of game with me.
I didn't ask you if you had sex with your daughter. So let's not take it there.
No, you asked a worse question.
So let's not take it there.
You suggested that those two blessed women had sex with each other.
I asked you a question and you asked...
You suggested in your question that those two blessed women had sex with each other and never...
This is really not...you know something, Tim?
...and those blessed men had sex with each other.
Tim, this is really not going anywhere because you can't give a yes or no for anything.
You have to argue with me. I'm not trying to argue with you.
Well, what am I on the radio program for? To be your lapdog?
You're here to answer my questions so people can get a better understanding...
That's what I'm here for?
So people can understand...
Have you lost your mind, you clown?
So people can understand better...
I'm here to pray. If you don't want to hear my preaching, you know what button to push.
I don't remember Jesus talking to people like this. Let's take the next call.
Well, that's because you don't ever study what Jesus Christ said to people.
That's why you don't read the Bible.
I don't remember it.
Wow, so Jesus was like you, huh?
Well, he was probably a lot stronger than I am.
Really? You think so?
Well, no, actually I know so. I'm being euphemistic here.
I thought Jesus actually let people talk. You're live with the infidel guy. Go ahead.
Now, why do you...once again, I'm going to go back to...
Why do you feel that you necessarily have to be so strong and so forward with me
when I'm simply talking to you on a very decent and social, calm level?
Why is it you have to take it up a notch and try to pretty much beat somebody down vocally?
What is your name?
My name is Reggie.
Reggie? Here's the answer to that, Reggie.
Yeah.
You're talking to a warrior.
Stand by, Garth. Turn the volume down, please. Okay, you're a warrior.
That's what I said.
You're a warrior for God.
That's what I said.
Well, I didn't know that, so...
Now you do. That's the answer to your question.
Well, chivalry is dead, I guess, when it comes to followers of Christ.
That was Tim Phelps throwing a really good grade-A tantrum accompanied by Heat Beak in the background.
That's right, Heat Beak. The only black metal band around with a parrot as lead vocalist.
But for now, lots and lots of sound collages and wacky music.
Strike Tim's fists and cure his heart.
His heart was rotten.
His heart?
As rotten as those feet. The doubts.
Why did she want to cure his head?
The puppets that marched their way through the deserts.
Looking not only for the quick stroke from the tablet man.
As the Kennedy might say.
Why does he want to cure his hat?
The Kennedy? Why did they want to cure Kennedy's hat?
Because he was thinking of bad thoughts. Bad thoughts.
That's why they gave him a new matching necktie and hat.
One that can be worn in any kind of weather, especially in Dallas, Texas.
Reverend, tell us about the area near Dealey Plaza.
It's the greatest album of our time.
Actually, I don't know.
I best know the sewers underneath Dealey Plaza.
That's why they called you the silent rat man or the rat boy.
That's where I was that fateful day, November 22nd.
Now, was that a black hop or was that purple?
Oh, it's almost two days away from the day.
Is today the 20th or the 25th?
It's the first.
2-1 is today.
It's the firestorm solstice on Neptune.
Oh, man.
They don't have firestorms on Neptune.
Well, they have ice.
They have ice.
They have alcohol storms, though.
But if you were to snap your fingers real high, you'd have a firestorm on Neptune.
Run, run, run, run, run.
Maybe they'll do.
They'll do.
Yeah.
Yeah, man.
Dealey Plaza Day is coming up.
It's the 23rd, isn't it?
It's a holiday for subgeniuses because that was the particular little mini conspiracy that is...
What is?
...had the most coolest inside joke potential.
What was?
It's been the Kennedy assassination, JFK.
It's one of the most hilarious events ever programmed into the event psyche of our neighborhood, speaking in a global sense.
Did you know that there is an assassination convention in Dallas, Texas every November around this time?
I used to go and report on the first two or three.
And our friend Reverend Susie the Floozy on WREK in Atlanta was at the time a Kennedy researcher and connected to the...
And, you know, being here, there exposed to the around rumor這個太好了
which is actually a sort of anjingaba, a cette genre-land anjingaba movement to account for some of the attempts at a little bit more:「
The cracks you'd find inWREK are, when gong is doing a text,

But it's not going toDBWBail.
with someone's neck?
Or was it with our Lord's neck?
No, it was JFK's neck.
He did.
That was a historical fact.
During the autopsy at the Naval...
That's what...
The LBJ did, in fact,
have sex with the...
Change the road.
The exit or entrance wound,
depending on which conspiracy
you believe in.
Now, do you think he was thinking
of Marilyn or Lady Bird
when he did the deed?
Now, wait a minute.
The aliens did this?
No.
Well, they possessed...
Lyndon Baines Johnson.
The Greys did this?
The Greys got into LBJ's brain
after the hit went down.
Yeah, these people,
I don't believe that they're
really brains in their heads anyway.
I just think there's
a little grey up there.
No, there's...
It's not grey matter,
it's a little grey.
In the case of...
Like a driving piece of fog
getting up in the rain.
Guys, that's silly.
Everybody knows it was
green energy demons
at Dealey Plaza.
Oh, Lyndon,
you need to change the entrance wound.
Hey, I was there!
Oh, you're getting all sexy.
My parents saw Lee
holding a big shot on TV live.
Oh, my God,
you're as big as a steel.
And they had been thrown out
of Jack Ruby's carousel club.
My parents!
I grew up in an alternate universe.
At that time period,
I happened to be living
in one of the alternate universes.
And in that universe,
John F. Kennedy
turned around at the last second,
whirled around,
shot up,
and killed
not only Oswald,
but three guys,
and the grassy Noah was wet.
Now, that's the way
it happened somewhere else.
Thank you very much.
I'm glad for that
enlightening rippety
of another dimensional accident.
And in another one,
James Bond kind of died.
And in another one,
John F. Kennedy
and Lee Harvey Oswald
meet each other in a gay bar
and are caught
by the tabloid photographer's
French kissing in the bathroom.
Now, the one I remember
was where, like,
Jackie is going...
They were talking about Maryland,
and Jackie is going
down on the press,
and he jerks his head
back and to the left,
and the bullet goes neatly
through Conway Twitty's life.
See, there's a billion
different possibilities
that all happened.
That was Louis Pasteur's
magic bullet.
You think...
Louis Pasteur was the
governor of Texas then?
On Marie Curie, I mean.
And Marie Curie was actually
Jackie's late grandmother.
So you see how these things
keep unfolding.
But David Ferry
was the coolest one of all.
David Ferry is actually...
Shall we?
Sing the praises of David Ferry.
He's the subgenius
of the Kennedy assassination.
Of course I spank those boys.
I'm gay, number one.
But it's okay to be gay.
Have sex with men repeatedly.
I'm gay.
Bang!
But it's okay to be gay.
Bag lust.
I love it to death.
Sex.
Anally copulating
repeatedly.
Spread it, spread it.
Stroke, stroke, stroke, stroke.
Tithy, you know, tithy, you know, tithy, tithy, you know, tithy, you know, tithy.
Anally copulating.
Cry out.
I love it.
I've done it.
Deeply, deeply, deeply, deeply.
Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
Hosea, hosea, hosea, hosea.
I'm fag boy.
I come, come, come.
Hitler said have sex with men.
Hitler said have sex with men.
Stroke, head.
Stroke, head.
Stroke.
My job is to show it to them.
Cry aloud.
Shit!
I can't live, buddy.
Castrate yourself.
I have to eat it.
I have to eat it.
I have to eat it.
I have to eat it.
Pushing, pushing, pushing.
Anally copulating the hands on my head.
I'm fag boy.
Idiot, idiot, idiot, idiot.
God hates silliness.
God hates silliness.
Sex with men, I love it.
And in other news,
is Ashcroft update, friends.
Lying in a near-death state in intensive care,
Attorney General John Ashcroft
is getting the very best care money can buy.
His attending surgeon, Dr. Phil Farnsworth,
has said that despite introducing
massive amounts of marijuana smoke into his lungs,
Ashcroft is still barely hanging on.
If only he could get multiple semen injections
into his hind fast enough and orally,
he might have a chance.
There just aren't enough homosexual men
on the East Coast willing to make
that life-saving gesture, it seems,
said Dr. Farnsworth.
A Miss Leticia Lackawanna-Jones,
a voodoo high priestess,
has been brought in as a consultant
from New Orleans at her insistence
on several dozen calico cats
maintaining a noisy vigil
outside his 10th-story hotel room.
Window have been removed.
Him soul being sick, she was quoted as saying,
he be needin' some of that
high John DeConker root
and some special double mojo gree-gree powder
I makes up.
The devil got strong claws in this one for sure.
Well, you can certainly only agree with that.
The devil certainly has his big red claws
right in John Ashcroft's...
derriere.
Certainly does.
And it doesn't look like he's about to release.
No, not anytime soon.
We expect flying monkeys to be bringing him home.
Flowing?
Via the usual route,
past the Beltway and up through the Georgetown crossover.
Right up the Ashcroft, you say, eh?
Yes, and here he comes.
It looks like the processional's about to start
for the former Justice Minister of External Sciences,
Oh, my, my, my, my.
John Z.
burnt in the young age.
Almost the science is a mess

S.C. answer real quick washun is
as good a Anglo- esque analogy
as filmmaking's script anything
using the double PLAYTOOL called

But cioè difficult sign今天
You don't think it's going to be very difficult
He says it's so difficult
It says not to reassure parents
because I'm trying to please King Samuel No, no way no,
did he?
God, yes.
Bill is shedding his one solitary tear, according to the Patriotism Act.
Apparently, he's only allowed to shed one per four-hour delay.
And so then there are horses' ashes on horses' ashes then?
It looks like a full orange recoup.
It looks like everybody's going to be there.
And as they approach the diorama now, the horses are getting closer,
but the carry-on, I guess that's the dead flesh, is being left behind.
I see.
A couple of footmen coming, getting closer.
No, here's the crowd for the processional.
Now I guess they're going to...
Oh, wait.
Yes, for if the Virgin Mary would only dress the way Jesus does on those crucifixes, friends,
that religion would be three times as popular as the Beatles themselves.
We would follow the Beatles everywhere.
Oh, ladies, how divine.
Instead of putting a nickel in your pantalones, I will put my chewing gum in your hair.
To sell a religion, friends, you don't need all the answers.
You only need one good answer.
And that good answer is Bob, my friend.
Now, you know, as Poop Bobby Bob said, the pink boy's got a Bob complex.
And it's true.
Nothing is fair.
And nothing to get hung about.
But when you take the path less traveled, you often find that it's less traveled for a reason.
It's easy for us weirdos to be jerks because we're trying to do more than normal people.
And us preachers have to do more than just lay people.
So praise Bob and help me somebody because the bargain bin ladens have been stinking up the bush.
Oh, my God.
The code of freedom.
Stale P has befouled our constitution.
The skull and bones guys get all the good drugs.
And it turns out that the John Birchers were right all along about the CFR and the Trilateral Commission.
And it turns out the CFR and the Trilateral Commission were all right about the Bilderbergers and the Heinehausers.
The kooks were right.
The right-wingers are the commies.
They were hiding in plain sight, right under our noses.
They had us looking for them where they are.
In your face.
That's where the mark of the beast lies, my friend.
Your face.
The mark shall be put on your hand and on your forehead.
Well, the one on your hand is your thumbprint.
The one on your forehead is your face.
Your face is the mark of the beast.
It's the final program, my friend.
Do you have hope?
Do you have faith?
If you do, you are a fool.
What you need is Bob.
J.R. Bob Dobbs and his teachings are the only thing
standing between you and complete brainlessness.
Actually, he's what will lead you to complete brainlessness,
but that's getting too complicated.
Friends, you must be saved, even if it kills you.
For insurance.
He shall come as a thief in the night,
and he shall be a salesman,
and he shall take your last, last credit card.
For he'll...
And then you find yourself taking that bath
that is less bubbled.
Friends, you know, just as suicide
is the most sincere form of self-loathing,
Bob's new Church of the Subgenius
is the most sincere form of send one dollar.
Praise Bob and hail Connie.
Connie.
The beautiful wife of Bob.
The feminine essence which balances Bob's ultimate maleness, yes?
Connie.
The seductive side of slack.
Bob.
The rich, successful, lucky side of slack.
The single one word you need to remember.
Connie.
Simple, kindly.
Kindly.
Connie.
The connective tissue from the top of your skull to the bottom of your toes.
Connie.
25 cents, any time you peak.
Connie.
She came from another place, and she went back as soon as she came.
Listeners with keen ears and tinfoil hats to match, will have identified yourself as a
member of the
last quarter of an hour as being comprised of no less than four segments, and in that order.
To wit, a Noral Prep production, yeah right said Fred.
Following on from this, Reverend Ivan Stang reported on John Ashcroft's healing, and then
joined farces with Einstein's Secret Orchestra to discuss Jesus, Bob, the Beast, and Connie.
Um, now speaking of the Beast, I'm going to say that I'm not a fan of the Beast, but I'm a fan of the Beast.



And now, more from Infodog.guy.com and Tim Phelps.
Thank you.
Interesting.
But, you know, Reggie, you're talking to someone who's spent three decades plus researching.
Oh.
Okay.
Hmm.
That'll be a whole nother, that'll be another conversation all in itself.
Give you 30 years of research, I would love to hear it.
And let me tell you this.
If you struggle like you have with me, I don't know how you could have survived Fred Phelps.
What do you mean struggle with you?
I'm asking you questions.
I'm asking you questions.
I'm not...
Well, I know that you've been tripping along all through this, kind of, you know, like losing composure and all.
If you would have had my dad on the phone, you would, apparently would have been wetting yourself, because I'm a lightweight compared to him.
Um, you know, I don't know what you mean by that.
I've been pretty much consistent the entire time, and all I've done is...
Did I hit a nerve, Reggie?
...ask you questions.
Did I hit a nerve?
No, because I'm not gay.
Well, I don't, I'm not thinking you are.
And, and I know that, and I feel, and I'm very confident that, and the people who are...
You're, you're in the category of lost wife.
You kind of think there's really nothing wrong with them.
That's what lost wife thought.
That's why she looked back when they were being destroyed.
See, I don't get upset.
That's why she went immediately to her death in hell.
Yeah.
Well, I don't...
That's why Jesus Christ says those three words when he's warning people about the second coming.
Oh, okay.
Remember lost wife, he said.
Right.
Well, Tim, let's let you know, I'm not upset.
I don't get upset over someone's fantasy.
Okay.
All right?
So, you know, that's your belief system.
He thinks I'll just protest too much, Reggie.
Uh, it's your fantasy, and, you know, um...
Well, I, look, Reggie...
Anything makes you happy.
Of course.
If it makes you happy, you sound...
You don't really sound like a happy person, but, you know...
You're the one skinning this bobcat.
I'm just holding the tail.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Yeah.
But you don't really sound too happy to me, but, you know, I hope you are.
You know?
And, oh, now you sound happy.
Wow.
Thanks.
It's changed.
Yeah.
I got a beautiful wife and eight kids.
Eight kids.
Good job.
Wow.
What's not to be happy about, because I'm serving the Lord.
Okay.
All right, then.
Well, thank you very much, Tim, for appearing.
I appreciate it.
And, um, you know, we'll...
I'll be keeping...
I'll be keeping an eye on you.
Thank you very much.
And don't forget to tell people to look at GodHatesFags and GodHatesAmerica.com.
There's good stuff there.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good night.
And now, tonight's special episode of your radio's outstanding theater of thrills,
Suspense.
Tonight, Suspense brings you a repeat performance of one of the most controversial plays ever
presented over your radio.
It is called the Wedgie of Faith.
It is called the Wedgie of Faith.
Although I'm sure I will receive a severe wedgie from my pasti-mates,
I must remind you, we should have been at school ten minutes ago.
Did you watch this one?
It could have been so much fun.
See you next time.
durch
Duuje
Singh
Bye.
Norrell Preff.
Well, we're coming to the end of the show.
I want to leave a couple of minutes free for Stang to explain what's going to happen
and then, at the end of it, to explain what did happen
so that people who listen to the show and are wondering
who is this horrible-sounding guy
will know what happened.
And I don't mean me. I mean...
Well, I do mean me as the horrible-sounding guy.
But I'm the Reverend Carport Fox,
the leader of the New Zealand Outreach,
which has exactly one member in the clench,
but that doesn't matter.
You've been listening, in part, to a show inspired by
InfidelGuy.com interviewing one of the Phelps clan.
I've taken extracts from the show.
I've waded through the show,
listened to that horrible man
spout his horrors,
and I've been told that he's a horrible pink
give-your-power-away-to-your-enemy-because-you-will-obsess-about-him-until-you-are-dead-and-probably-even-then
doctrine of
we hate facts because our interpretation of our sacred word says so.
But don't get me started. We just don't have time.
As I state, we're coming to a close.
So, Self Slayer is going to give you important subgenius contact information
when you've exhausted all that InfidelGuy.com information.
If you're interested in getting more information,
then we're going to have the Sperm Bank 5 taking us out,
and InfidelGuy.com will have the last word.
Thank you for listening.
You've been a wonderful...
um...
whatever you are.
I do hope...
uh...
well, yeah, visit www.subgenius.com and InfidelGuy.com.
And just...
don't...
do that at me.
Eenie meenie miney moe
Catch a subgenius by its toe
If he hollers, let him pay
Ivan Stang at...
181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
The End
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles might not be present due to copyright issues, but the originalacks the iffy
This audio was recorded with crime andlegen隱 symptoms.

the game actually went on like a weird 되 alltså


Oh my god!
ε waves

Ce Update
bal finance
and enjoy it!!
well made

Sausage of ice
Extended sauces
Plants of soft tides
What were the chances
We would fall in love
Before the night was through
Sausage unified
In bright entrances
Sea of greenish lights
Ice that dances
The rim of steady light
Look before my eyes
When I see you in the burger bar
You look great
And you're just by the bright red light
Your frugal face
Rinses the bright sizzle
To the sound of crying fish
Horses were clopping
And cars were screaming fast
At the maddening rate
People were tripping over rubber spades
All puzzling towards the counter
Oh God, I love the way you order your food
I can only hope that it will take a little longer
For your order to be cooked
Oh, Monica, I can't
Baby, you're a mushroom
Take a chance, I'm sorry
Oh, my darling, surely you must notice me
I'm here for you every week
Look at that
She dropped the chip
I quietly slipped it into my pocket
I love that chip
Oh, people forever
Extended glasses
Plants of soft tides
What were the chances
We would fall in love
Before the night was through


It's all for G-Hard
Not a chance to see a green light
Why's the dancers
Set me right
Floating before my eyes
These two guys are lunatics
Ha ha ha ha
Is the phone ringing again?
Hey, we got another call here.
Okay, let me take this last one.
I keep saying we take the last call
and another one comes in.
Alright, no more calls, ladies and gentlemen.
It's 9.36 p.m.
This show will be available for everyone
in the archives at 12 noon tomorrow,
so even non-gold members.
If you're new to InfidelGuy.com,
please consider supporting the website
and supporting the show.
There's hundreds of hundreds of more audio
to listen to.
but no one quite like our guest tonight you're alive and on the air go ahead a friend of mine
told me a bush joke if you already heard it before and he goes um this is like this uh bush is walking
through the many offices and he's you know entreating the ghosts of previous presidents
and first he sees george washington he said oh mr president what can i do to make this a better
country and he said remember that the republic comes first okay okay and then he's walking along
he sees thomas jefferson's oh mr president what what can i do to make this a better country he
said remember that the best government is the least government and that we have a social order
based on democracy oh thank you mr president and he sees old abe coming down the hallway
and he walks up to him says oh mr president i want to talk to you for so long what what can i
do as a president to make this a better country and a better democracy and lincoln says ah you
should maybe get out to the theater more often
you
you're under arrest you're on the real yeah the real punch line was it'll expand your mind
seven ways to say slack
seven ways to say slack
seven ways to say slack
seven ways to say slack
slack
slack
slack
slack

leg
leg
leg
seven ways to say slack
by heart ignition
