You saw me crying and the subgenius power of the tears I shed were tears of sweat.
And you'll surely find the way.
The name of the program is Synesthesia. I'm your host, Dr. Sinister.
And we may be having a very special episode of Synesthesia tonight.
Hello, you're on the air.
Oh, Dr. Sinister.
Why, hello.
I can't wait to hear this special show about special sin.
Special sin is my speciality.
Yeah.
Yes, what's the new sin? What's the new sin? I want to hear it. I can't wait.
Man, I...
That's the wonderful thing about sin is it's a renewable resource.
You never run out.
Sins are wonderful things.
You never run out. You never run out. You never run out.
All right. I am going to take another caller here.
So, Mark, I guess you know who one of my special guests is now.
Yeah. Hey, Ivan.
Oh, hi, Money Mark. Good to hear you.
Good to hear you, too.
And let's bring on my next special guest here.
And Reverend Stang, of course, we and all of us, we express our condolences for the loss of Pappy.
Don't worry about my dad, Pappy.
He is...
For one thing, he didn't have to be grumpy for another Thanksgiving with everybody crammed around the table, making too much noise.
And as the preacher said, Pappy's gone to walk with Jesus.
Yeah, sooner or later, we all get a...
Pappy is chasing Jesus around with a great big stick going,
What do you let your followers get into?
You numbskulls.
Well...
What's the name of that place in...
You're doing fine. Now let me take back over again.
What's the name of that place in the Tolkien world where it's like, you know, to the west across the ocean,
like that's where all the elves go when they get bored with life in Middle Earth?
Like, sooner or later, we all have to make...
Stangville.
Sooner or later, we all have to make that journey.
All right. And here's our next guest. Thank you. You are on the air.
Hi, Dr. Sister. I was wondering if the bubble on your forehead went away or if...
Maybe somebody in the Plasmodic Institute decided to do something with the stinking residue.
Well, man, I got to tell you, I had to pop that. I had to pop that bubble myself.
And I... It's been a real ongoing problem. I used a rusty needle to do it.
And, of course, it exploded all over the place.
And it took me a whole afternoon to clean up all the fluids that spewed out.
Hurt? Yeah. Pain? Pain? That's the least of my worries.
Really, I was more annoyed by the fact that I had to clean it all up and the fact that it stunk after I...
I popped that bubble.
And, of course, I had to go get another tetanus shot, too.
That bubble lived.
The bubble...
The bubble...
It moved just somewhere else. It moved to Dave's head.
Well, you know, Dave's head is...
Exists in a kind of bubble of its own that is really not possible for mere mortals like us to comprehend.
Welcome to the program, Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
I am so happy to hear from you after all this time.
I wish you'd call in more often, man.
You're one of my favorite...
All-time on-air personalities.
And it's really good to hear from you, and I hope you're holding up.
Well, thank you.
Well, I don't know about holding up.
I have my gastric juices.
Once again, I've been allowed into a balloon vessel.
And some of the people who think that I'm going too fast for the overture, you know,
I'm trying to make some progress there.
A couple doctors from the loony bin still think I'm having situations, they call them.
Well, what do they know?
Yeah, really.
What the hell do they know?
They're not real doctors, you know, not like I am.
No?
They're quackers.
Just like, well, you know, like you put in your shoe.
Yeah, ducks.
They're like duck soup.
They're ha-ha.
They're very funny, but not to me, you know what I mean?
The original working title of that film is going to be Cracked Ice.
Cracked Ice?
Yep.
I'm calling in from Ashtabula, and I'm calling in from Stank.
Stank County, Texas.
It's amazing.
That is a Stank County.
You've got people all over the place.
It's an international call-in you've got here.
Well, sooner or later, one of the foreign listeners will call in.
Oh.
I'm real happy.
We're working on me.
I wish I could hear Tanya call in.
That would be fun.
You know, she actually called me in the middle of the night once when I was actually in bed with a girl.
Man.
Perfect timing.
Yep.
A girl?
You were in bed with a girl, Dr. Sanister?
Tell us about it.
I want to hear all about that.
She's a very nice, she's a very kind, very kind young lady, and that was then.
She would have to be so charitable.
Oh, yeah, to associate with someone like me.
Kindly charitable.
What's her phone number?
It's 216-555-1212.
Feel free to associate.
Yeah, 555.
I know what that means.
You know, I've actually...
I think the statute of limitations is up on this.
But back when I was a 20-something, I actually wrote on a bathroom stall,
for a good time, call 216-687-3515.
I actually did that.
And then your call was received.
I remember back in those days, they thought it was a dating service.
It's actually Dr. Sanister's suicide helpline.
Call in and I'll give you advice on how to kill yourself.
Have you had me?
Have you guys noticed that it's like the holiday season and everybody's all depressed
and has seasonal affective disorder?
You know what?
I'll tell you what's a really good cure for that is doing something.
Like, maybe you had some kind of big project you've been putting off.
Get it done.
You'll feel...
A hot soapy enema works pretty good, too.
I've found that whining and griping, moaning...
In fact...
I have a prescription for it.
Would you guys like to hear it?
It's a list, but it's a short list.
Wait, wait.
Not a prescription, but a prescription.
Yeah, a prescription for seasonal affective disorder.
When you have the holiday blues and you can't stand all those ads and all those stupid Christmas carols
and your stupid, horrible family and all your horrible friends.
All right, let's hear it.
Monazine, five milligrams daily with food.
What is Monazine?
Five away, three capsules daily.
Wine on.
One teaspoon mixed with juice or water.
Bitch a lot, ten milligrams daily.
Metramine, one injection with dinner.
Complanium, 2.5 milligrams three times daily.
Gronax, 24 hours.
Max height, taken anally.
Spilletivan, one teaspoon for bedtime.
AngraDream.
AngraDream, of course.
The Chiefs have been on those for a week and he's a changed man.
Yeah.
Finally, the last one is, and this is really good stuff if you can get it.
It's pretty expensive.
Scrutium hydroxide sulfate.
Whoa.
And capsules daily with food.
Scrutium hydroxide sulfate?
On the subgenius internet, they're so depressed because they have to go see their families
because it's the holiday and they hate everybody and everybody hates them.
Well, you know, I mean, I'll tell you what makes Thanksgiving perfect.
It's some wild turkey.
Yeah.
Actually, this Thanksgiving, I learned just how much my uncle is capable of drinking.
And I've known the guy in my home.
Did he shoot anybody?
No, he didn't shoot anybody, no.
But he...
Your uncle can really tuck it away, huh?
At least the whiskey, he could.
I see the double entendre there in what you're talking about.
He could put a little bit of a shot in there.





He could put it away and yet he couldn't take his...
Well, he could take his whiskey, but he couldn't take it with him and he tried to kill everybody
or something.
I mean, you got it wrong.
I'm sorry.
I'll retract that.
You know, the thing about family is, you know, I associate my family with my childhood, but
I have a completely different relationship with them as an adult now that I did as a
child.
No, now that you're a child.
And now that I don't depend on them...
Because they're not supporting you or something?
Well, you know, my parents will help me.
They'll help me out with one thing or another occasionally, but it's like the fact is like
I don't need them so I can tell them what I really think.
And sometimes it turns out that our thoughts aren't all that different after all.
And it's interesting.
It's interesting.
Satisfying.
Yeah.
It is actually satisfying.
Many people...
I have a lot of subgenius friends who they'll go on and on about how awful their family
is and, you know, what pinks they are.
And...
And so forth.
And ultimately I end up siding with the family usually.
Yeah.
I remember you telling me...
But there's a family that's not whining and moaning endlessly at me and gossiping
and so forth.
Well, you know, I didn't turn into the freak that I am by accident, you know.
There was a combination of nature and nurture that turned me into the freak that I am today.
And, you know, now I get to discover whole new dimensions, shall I say.
Yeah.
That's really quite an interesting...
That's a moniker you could use.
Not an accidental freak.
You could call yourself that and probably make a lot of headway.
Not an accidental freak.
I'm in the middle of a big family thing, of course, because my father died.
Yeah.
This was not unexpected, although it happened pretty quick, thankfully.
And we just had our first Thanksgiving dinner without Pappy there to grumble.
And I had to carve the turkey.
Which is...
Which I could not do nearly as well.
But...
I carved the turkey for the first time.
I mutilated one.
I mutilated it.
Yes.
It was a lot harder than I thought it would be.
Well, oh yeah, yeah.
It's not easy.
You have to kind of know what you're doing.
Know your turkey autopsy biology.
Yeah.
You remember the old Norman Rockwell painting on that Mad Magazine?
I think it was...
You know, I just...
There's a lot of people who, for instance, hate turkey.

They hate their parents.
And...
Oh, I only hate my...
The only reason I hate my parents is because they had me in the first place.
But aside from that, I like them a lot.
Yeah.
That's the difference.
You can't hold that against them forever.
Right.
It wasn't...
They were young and foolish.
They didn't know what they were doing.
So whatever.
Let's make the best of it.
Well, a lot of our Slack listeners know that I had a lot of respect for Pappy and I used
to quote him a lot.
You don't just have a lot of respect for him.
You have portraits...
...a lot of me from him.
You have a portrait of me from him.
You have a portrait of him on your wall.
Yeah.
Yes.
But, yes.
Yeah, it's a nice...
An equestrian...
I also have a...
An equestrian portrait.
He did a lot of legal work for people who didn't have a lot of money and they paid him
in artwork.
I seriously wish I...
I know just how that is myself.
I seriously wish I could have met him.
I seriously wish I could have met him.
And you did have some...
Well, I just wanted to say, there was a period of time from about my age of 12 to when I
first got married and had my first child.
I had a job where I wasn't even speaking to the guy.
I couldn't stand him.
I thought my family was horrible.
My parents were hypocritical old drunks that were completely out of it and didn't know
what was going on and...
As opposed to the hypocritical young drunks.
At least by...
But no more so than I later found myself to be when I was in their shoes.
And, of course, you know, when you have to get a job, suddenly half of what your parents
said started to make sense.
When you have a kid, the other half starts to make sense and you realize it's a vicious
circle.
It's never going to end.
Yeah, but it is fun to try on your mom's shoes though, you know what I mean?

Well, you ought to see my mom's high heels.
God, my dad's ties.
I can't fit in my father's shoes.
I cannot fit in my father's shoes because he was six feet high and pretty big.
But his ties, man.
He had...
Early mid-90s.
I had a man's skull ties.
In fact, I wore one of his Australopithecus skull ties to his memorial where I read his
self-written eulogy.
Yes, my father wrote his own eulogy and I went to Methodist church after he died and
after a lot of rehearsing, I read it.
And I will now, in a future show, cut to that recording.
Wow.
Reverend Stang, you could cold read just about anything and make it sound better than
anybody who'd rehearsed it.
Yes, but not in this case.
My dad's writing had some jokes that you wouldn't know were punchlines unless you timed it right.
I think I did a good job.
You were probably guided by an unseen hand at the same time saying, make them laugh,
you idiot.
Thank you all for coming.
And I hope you enjoyed this episode.



Leave it to my father to write his own eulogy.
As follows.
And I didn't change anything.
This eulogy, panegyric or encomium as you may prefer, is being read to you by one of
my children as I am unable to do so, being disembodied and living impaired.
I am talking to you.


I am talking to you from the other side.
And I tell you right now, you should avoid this trip if at all possible.
There will not, of course, be a graveside service of interment as there is nothing left
of me to be interred.
I was cremated and my body burned to smithereens, or so I was told before it was done.
I take their word for it as I've never seen one or anything that was described to me in
the Bible as a smithereen.
I am now a smithereen, or at the at least a bunch of them.
This effectively prevents me from being resurrected in the same body, which I wore out pretty
good.
I think it prevents me from being resurrected at all.
I wanted to be buried in Israel, where there's a higher percentage of resurrection than
anywhere else.
But that cost too much.
Too much money.
And besides, my children didn't want to take the chance that my tongue might come back
to life and start talking.
Now, as to the biography, which is always done at funerals, I was born 27 years after
the beginning of the 20th century in Florence, South Carolina.
I was the third of four boys, and the best of them by far.
My mother was born as Marjorie Montgomery Stubbs.

She was born in New York, and my father was born in Orangeburg, South Carolina, but moved
often because he was the son of a Methodist preacher, which are not tolerated by any congregation
after four or five years.
As a matter of interest, I want to point out that he didn't become my father until after
they were married.
That should settle that question for you skeptics in the audience.
They had four boys.
They all did better than me in life, but I had more fun.
My biggest problem was trying to prolong adolescence beyond all reasonable limits.
I was married on April 4, 1950, in Washington, D.C., to Nancy Douglas of Wilton, Connecticut,
and she was married to a man named John St. Louis.


My father was a Catholic and with her assistance, I had three very fine children.
Each of them has done good.
At least they haven't been a burden on me.
To the contrary, I have been almost arrogant in my pride in each of them.
They, in turn, have returned the favor by giving me and Nancy six very fine grandchildren.
That's the biography now for the eulogy.
As a child, I didn't always do the best I could.
I didn't pay much attention to my schooling because I was more anxious to become an adult
so I could start smoking, drinking, and cussing, and using adult language.
I graduated from Harvard College, which surprised me as much as it did my family.
But looking back, I realized I deserved it.
I graduated with the lowest possible passing grades over a four-year period
than had ever been scored by any graduate since 1652
when Increase Mather of Boston, Massachusetts did it.
My old roommate recently told me that he had reviewed my class standing when we graduated
and I was very surprised that I had graduated in the top 98%.
I went from there to Georgetown Law School where I graduated despite grades that are still talked about today.
If it wasn't for Nancy, I wouldn't have even that.
What I've been most proud of is that I enlisted in the Navy in July 1945
and it so unnerved the Japanese that they unconditionally surrendered
two weeks after I graduated.
I stayed in the Naval Reserve long enough to become a naval captain.
It took about 25 years.
I practiced law on the side, most generally on the inside of a bar.
The legal bar was the only one I ever passed in 30 years until Nancy and I moved to Glen Rose.
We moved here because Nancy liked the countryside
and I liked the neighborhood.

the idea of bootlegging. It satisfied both of us. My real estate agent said I
would be sorry till the day I died if I lived that long, but I wasn't. The day
before I shot through and arrived here, I was sitting on the side of my bed trying
to fall awake, but was only barely able to. I think that contributed to my being
here. Who knows? Now as to where I am now, I didn't have much to do with it.
Certainly I had no influence on it, but it ain't hot. That's for all you Hugh
Smith haters because I know where you expected me to be. If it had been left up
to me, I would have rejected the entire process and opted for immortality. There
is no gravity here or any gravity here.
At least I can't detect it, but all the other forces of nature remain at work.
Tornadoes, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, tsunamis and such. By the way, there are
no pearly gates or any other kind to keep the riffraff out and I haven't seen
Saint Peter or anyone else of any fame. I'm learning to play the harp for the
first time in my life or death. Life, that's just a figure of speech up here.
I've been doing Amazing Grace to a boogie beat and I've got this place
rocking. My instructor thinks he's in hell. Other than that, it's the same old
humdrum. By the way, I don't have wings either and it's the same old Halo I had
on earth which is none. This place ain't no Hollywood. Now for some advice, which
I wish I had when I was back amongst
you. First, to live a long time, you should avoid death like the plague. It sure was a shock to my
system when I shot through. It was a heart-stopping thrill and took my breath away. Second, folks,
don't take the Ten Commandments too seriously. Only the first two and the 11th one. The rest
of them don't count too much, and you can talk your way out of any trouble. Just confess and say
you won't do it again, and you can be honest about it because I guarantee you won't do it again.
So I say, have as much fun as you can during your days on earth, but look out for that 11th
commandment. It's a doozy. Shoot for that one and you'll be okay. I learned to my chagrin that
drinking, cussing, card playing, gambling, and dancing and other such don't count. I know that'll
be a relief to most of you.
Contrary to popular tradition, which most people believe rather than the facts, the streets are not
paved with gold. They aren't even paved. It doesn't even have streets, but only alleyways
paved with good intentions. Presently, those in charge, mostly Methodists, are engaged in a money
raising program for new harp lessons, which is naturally seen as a good thing. But if you're not
a Methodist, you're not even a Methodist. You're selling chances on a horseless chariot or magic
carpet at six for five dollars or ten for eleven dollars, which the Baptists think is a better deal.
But the Methodists haven't caught on yet either because nobody has any cash anyway, having left
it all behind along with everything else. I don't even have a toothbrush, but I don't have any teeth
either, so I'm not complaining. And don't believe that business about
money. Just don't believe it. It's just a kind of sentiment of

There are many mansions. He was talking about the way things were in around 30 AD. Those buildings were
somewhat short of being mansions. I'm talking mud huts. If the mud was hard and solid, they thought
of it as a mansion. That's it. I can't think of anything to be eulogized about, but I sure did
enjoy all my years on earth made especially nice because of my God,
my parents, my wife, my children, my good friends past and present, and wonderful good luck.
So, as sailors say, goodbye, Godspeed, safe sailing, and may you always have fair winds and a following sea.
P.S. If the preacher lets people stand up to say things about me, please make a recording so I can hold them to it when they get here.
Pappy changed his mind and said, very specifically, not to let people go on and on about it.
My father was always good at getting the last word.
And we're all going to miss him.
I already do.
I'm sure he would have done a better job at reading his own eulogy.
Thank you all very, very much for being here.
Well, anyway, it's true that I cried my eyes out for about 20 minutes when my dad died.
Because when...
That happened, I had my hand on his forehead and my other hand on his shoulder when he finally gave up the ghost.
It was...
He'd been sleeping most of the night.
I stayed up with him in the hotel, in the hospital room.
And he was tanked on morphine.
Because he was 88 years old and everything, his lungs and heart, it basically just...
They were giving out.
And I...
The nurse...
There was a nurse there with me.
We were just kind of puttering around with him.
And suddenly we realized, uh-oh, this is it.
And I went over and hung on to him and said, everything's okay, Pappy.
And I saw...
We looked...
I saw...
I heard his last breath.
And when we looked at the machine, we saw his last heartbeat.
She left.
And I stood there and just cried and cried and cried and cried and cried and cried and cried.
Because...
He was my dad.
For better or worse.
And he was actually a really, really cool dad.
But in the end, you know, hey, it's the circle of life.
As the preacher said, he's up there talking to Jesus.
And as I said, no.
Well, yeah, yeah.
He's talking to Jesus.
You mean Steve, right?
You mean Steve, right?
You've done a good job so far, Jesus.
You can quit now.
I'll take back over again.
You see, my father was...


He was a preacher.
As well as a lawyer.
He was actually a lawyer by trade.
But he knew so much about the Bible and had studied so much about the history of the Bible
that he didn't believe any of it.
He didn't believe Jesus even existed.
So, therefore, he taught Bible studies at the local Methodist church.
And he had a lot of fans.
They loved it.
He planted seeds of subversion and despotism.
This is my belief.
All over this Republican county.
All over this green and growing land.
And we're all real proud of him.
He was...
By the way, my father was a dues-paying subgenius.
He had the divine excuse on his wall, which is now my wall.
Except I think my sister's going to move into this house.
We will come back to Cleveland and my sister's going to live in my dad's house.
And we'll just come visit every winter.
But he was a subgenius.
My mom was a subgenius.
Well, my mom was just a fan of her firstborn son,
but my father really was a subgenius.
He appreciated it.
Being a lawyer, the double talk, you know, was something he could enjoy.
And he turned lots of other lawyers on to it.
They're all dead now, too, damn it.
That's what happens.
You hear the voices of dead people, and then you start talking back to them.
And next thing you know, they're answering you, and you get in this conversation.
Next thing you know, you're flying around.
That's the way it happens, I heard.
Well, when somebody dies that's close to you, suddenly everything's different.
And I mean everything is different.
We were prepared.
We knew this was coming.
For the last five years, every time I drove away from Texas,
I'd say goodbye to my dad, and he'd say goodbye to me,
and we both knew that could be the last.
The last time we'd see each other.
So we said our goodbyes and everything.
It's just that you walk into the house, the old house, and you go,
wait a minute, the Playboys don't have to be hidden anymore.
We can just strew them all out all over the place.
We can pull out the liquor bottles.
We can have a party.
Oh, liquor bottles in a Methodist household?
Liquor bottles in a Methodist household?
What the hell?
But really, the only things I wanted,
were the ties and his teeth.
I'll be bringing those back.
You did lick a few bottles.
A few?
Well, I licked all the bottles.
Actually, we got to looking at the bottles,
and there was a lot of stuff around here dating from the early 1980s,
like tomato sauce and cooking wine and things like that.
We'd look at the dates on them.
Good God, this is 35 years old.
Maybe we should throw it out.
Maybe it should run for president.
A lot of those tomatoes do have a vintage,
have a 30-year vintage, so.
No, this was cooking wine.
That was different.
I didn't even sip it.
I didn't even think about it.
That's how proud I am of myself.
You know how desperate for a drink you have to be in a drink cooking wine?
It's very hard to go through a dead guy's house.
I've had, this is not the first time for me, by any means.
And someday, people will go through,
through my house,
go, God, what are we going to do with this?
Throw it in the dumpster.
So.
The great dumpster of history.
But you know nothing bad has ever done in years forever.
People rag on and on about it, like I'm doing now.
Yeah, I tell you what, the horrible mess in my apartment
was like one of the reasons why I haven't killed myself,
because like, I wouldn't want anyone else to have to clean that up.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Exactly.






I'm still alive.
But then I went on a cleaning spree recently, and like,
oh, does that mean I have one less reason to live?
No, you're clicking on the back stamps.
You're going backwards now.
That's not the correct way to think of it.
Yeah.
The correct way to think of it is,
as long as your house is messy,
you'll hang in there for one more day,
because maybe you'll,
you won't want people to discover what an insane person you were.
Yeah.
One more time.
You two probably have a lot in common with,
as far as messy houses go,
from everything you've told me.
Man.
I had the landlord.
You don't have a wife cleaning up after us.
Listen, I thought,
I thought for years that there was two levels of clean you could have in your home.
Clean enough to have a guy friend over,
clean enough to have a girlfriend over.
Turns out there's a third level of cleanliness.
Clean enough to have the landlord over.
Ouch.
Oh, no.
Hey, the landlord liked what he saw when he came over.
Yeah.
So.
But you got to correct him.
You got to at least let him know that.
Just call me, just call me the cleaner.
Hello, you're on the air.
Hello.
Hello.
Questions?
Preguntas?
Questions?
Questions.
Preguntas.
Actually, I have a fresh out of questions at the moment.
There's more delay on this line than I thought.
I have to get out of the room.
You know what the,
one of the good things about,
one of the good things about the Chinese language is to say that
if you say you have no questions,
it also literally means you have no problems.
Me, you're winty.
Yeah, I have no problems.
I have no questions.
So let's ask a question.
Anyway, what the hell's going on?
Is there something exploding your mind or any other brand new things going on that we need to know and learn, learn about?
There's a lot of water falling out of the sky.
Well, that happens sometimes.
Yeah, we have, we've been outside seeing, watching the floods in North Texas.
It's fun.
Ah, yes.
It doesn't affect us.
We're on a hilltop.
That's the place to build your home is on top of a hill.
With some fortifications.
Or the lake, or the rivers.
We're in North Texas in a relatively high elevation and, uh.
And I didn't even think they had such a thing as high elevation in North Texas.
I thought North Texas was all flat as a pancake.
No, no.
Where we are in Stane County is where what they call the hill country kind of begins.
Uh-huh.
It's not as hilly as the real hill country, but it's a hell of a lot hillier than Dallas, Texas.
Exactly.
It's in a sweet spot.
It's two miles away and that's not far.
You said that right.
For me.
It's funny, uh, I, I've discovered once my wife walked into the room and called in that
I was hearing her voice come back to me over the radio about a half second later than she
was saying it in the room.
Isn't that trippy?
I was driving, because, because of you, uh.
Well, I mean, if I talk to somebody on the moon.
Because of you, uh.
There's a little bit of a lag and I had to get out of the room that she was in or else
it would be like listening.
I was listening to the radio with the radio on.
Oh yeah, well, hey, you know.
You can't talk to somebody on the radio with the radio on.
You can't do that until you get your damn feedback.
Because of you recycling my material, I had the pleasure of listening to my own voice
on the radio as I was driving down here tonight.
Right.
That, that's, uh, not nearly as trippy as the time that I had a clock radio and, you
know, heard my own voice on a PSA when I was waking up.
It is kind of strange.
Isn't it?
Well, you'll have the experience again, because if the recordings come out in about three
or four weeks, uh, you'll hear it again on Hour of Slack.
Yes.
It's like a little, you know, kind of thing.
Yeah, by the way, by the way, um, we're, we, we may be running short on episodes.
If there's anything else you can send us, it would be greatly appreciated.
Yeah, I, I, I know.
I realized, uh, today when I tuned in and heard that excellent Hour of Slack number
931 that, uh, I had not actually, you know, heard it.
I was actually a week behind.
So there will be one in the box next week.
People with weak behind should never serve in the military as long as we've got these
congruent feelings going.
As long as we're all like in this blissful union of let's destroy the rest of the earth
and let the powers that be remain asunder or, uh, something like that.
We shouldn't let people with weak bottoms join the army or Navy or Air Force or Marine
Corps.
Cause they have to be, they have to control their movements.
At least, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
We're on the threshold of great vast with more wars of a great war hood.
And we have much, we may even come while we may be excited.
Oh, you mean the news?
Oh, I, you know, it, it really, it's kind of ridiculous to plan for next week's show.
Because probably world war three is going to break out for civil war in the United States.
God, they want us.
There's people that I read comments from on the internet who are dying to have a civil
war again.
Well, I certainly hope they enjoy their cities being leveled when that happens.
Yeah.
You know, I had ancestors on both sides of the civil war, blue and gray stuff.
And back from a hundred years ago, that was really silly.
I had ancestors on both sides.

I mean, I'm not saying they're on both sides of the civil war, but, um, on one side, yeah.
Like one of them marched through Atlanta with Sherman and burn it to the ground.
Like the phrase that I keep seeing on a new comments after internet news articles is that
civil war is coming and the lid parts ain't armed.
They're going to find out.
Oh, they have no idea.
They have no idea how many guns are in the possession of the military.
They don't know that they're opponents.
I'm a libtard and I'm actually armed, but, um, whatever.
I have two arms.
Yeah.
Princess.
We have at least two arms.
That's only as far as we can tell.
I think the kids don't know.
One of them is kind of sore right now, like Dave, but you know.
But you know what?
You know what's, you know what's-
WCSB radio spaz.
Yeah, we libtards may not be armed, but we know the MacGyver better than they do.
Oh, come on, Mark.
You're a libtard.



You're one of those, uh, yeah, yeah, Mark.
I understand that you think guns are Satan incarnate.
Guns are cruel, man.
Yeah, by the way, loads of combo.
Dave, I have a question for you.
A question?
Yeah, I just wanted to confirm that you got your, uh, name from that Per Ubu song.
No, I, I actually did not, although I heard it six years before.
Per Ubu got that name from him.
What are you talking about?
No, no, no, no, certainly not.
Now, he got it from 200 Motels.
There's Lonesome Cowboy Bert.
You know, that St. Kappa song, Lonesome Cowboy Bert.
You know the, um-
There were lots of Lonesome Cowboys at the time also, besides Lonesome Cowboy Bert and
Lonesome Cowboy Dave, which I think was released in 80, and Brain Rock didn't go on the air
until much later than that.
Who was the earliest Lonesome Cowboy?
But you know, actually also, um, the band LCD Sound System, they actually got their
name from Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Right.
Well, of course they did.
Oh, yeah, I forgot to mention that many times.
Yeah.
I mean, there have been Lonesome Cowboys of many names.
The earliest one that I knew of was the Lonesome Cowboy Bill, am I right?
Who was a cowboy singer.
I thought it was Bob or something.
You know, I'm sorry to say Bob in such a way, but I thought there were many Lonesome
Cowboy Bobs and Bills.
We all cross ourselves when he says that.
No, wasn't there a Lonesome Cowboy, like a cowboy singer?
Yeah.
In the 20s or 30s.
Singing cowboys, what, like Gene Autry?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And there was a Lonesome Cowboy Bill or a Lonesome Cowboy Bob or some B-man.
There was a movie called B-Level Singer about a bad singer who wound up in jail a lot.
Or like Rusty and Lefty on Prairie Home Companion.
It was the guy who did Mayberry, RFD, or what's his name, Andy, Andy Rooney.
You know, that's a bad singer.
Andy Rooney.













Andy Griffith.
Andy Griffith.
No.
And it was called Lonesome Cowboy.
The porno star, Andy Griffith.
Sure.
Yeah.
He's also now into politics.
He's a sheriff now somewhere in western Utah.
No, actually, one of Andy Griffith's last roles was in a pornographic scene in a weird
movie.
A beard movie?
In which he received Philip Fleisho in a movie theater.
In a movie.
Andy Griffith, age 80-something.
Hold on a second.
That was his last movie.
He's like C. Lee Herman.
The same thing befell him.
We have a long tradition.

You think these guys are like the perfect Hugh Beaumont, and then you find out Hugh
Beaumont was a S&M transvestite.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Now, listen.
On this program, we have a long tradition of absurdity and whimsy.
Whimsy?
And absurdity, especially.
Whimsy?
What?
Absurdity and absurdity.













Whimsy is a long-standing tradition on this program, but I'm sorry, can I kind of break
character here for a second and ask you, is that for real?
About Andy Griffith?
Andy Griffith as a porno.
According to Dr. Howell, it is, and he was really dismayed by this whole thing.
Apparently, at the end of his career, the aging Andy Griffith agreed to be in some art
film.
And it included a disturbing scene of him getting a you-know on the you-know.
And it was one of those things that just...
The thing about Dr. Howell is he's...
Nobody can really watch that.
I mean, it was Andy at Mayberry here.
The thing about...
It's time for a civil war now.
Because if our children think this, then our family toilets will go right down the television.
And those kids will be like...
Our values will be totally erased.
The thing about Dr. Howell, though, is that he's an interdimensional traveler.
And he has been to so many alternate universes that I wonder if he was talking about this
universe or one of the other alternate universes that he visits.
No, this is something that really happened and it really bothered him.
Wow.
He was shaken and disturbed.
I think he saw it.
Dr. Sist, if you want to check on what Andy Griffith's last role was in our universe,
there's always IMDB.
That's cheating.
Well...
Yeah, you have to learn it through an argument with some people who don't really know rather than...
Yeah, I mean, if we were young like No Money Mark, we'd Google that and know exactly the whole downfall.
We'd know it right now.
But instead, we have to talk about the perhapsness of it.
I think it's a true thing whether it was or not.
And I think we should salute Andy Griffith.
And all the other Marine Corps that went before his.
And that continue on to this very day so that we can salute America and see once again the song.
I remember you had to take quite a few doses of Angadrine to really get it out.
Hope for all to be of America.
Oh, forget it.
I forget the rest of it.
Then there is the Don Knotts porno film.
But I'm just kidding.
That's more believable.
I think that was like one of the too hot for TV Three's Company episodes, wasn't it?
Yes.
My personal favorite was the episode where Emmet got on with Howard Sprague.
No.
Not really.
Are you serious?
I can't believe it.
I shocked all of you speechless.
I just didn't get the reference.
The problem is deafness, not deafness.
Okay, Emmet and Howard Sprague were two of the secondary characters on the Andy Griffith show.
Oh, right.
What was the barber's name?
Floyd.
Floyd.
Floyd the barber.
I've never watched a single episode of the Andy Griffith show.
But I do know that you had Earpy.
And I also know about Floyd the barber because Nirvana had a song called Floyd the barber.
There was a drunk, a town drunk by the name of Otis.
And Otis has been the, you might say, the totem animal or the saint of some subgenius schisms.
I hear the name Otis.
The former subgenius pope, David Black, was an Otis devotee.
If I hear the name Otis, I think of Animal House.
And there's not a lot in common with Otis the drunk on Andy Griffith's show.
He was called from small tiny books.
Otis, my man.
He looks out the window one day and sees nothing but a long line of people wearing no clothes in the rain.
No, not on purpose or anything.
That is the wisdom of Otis?
Otis, my man.
I wasn't an Otis aficionado.
The stuff I heard, I never heard about the Andy Griffith story, but I did hear that Otis was a good person.
Otis, like so many real drunks, was very funny as long as you weren't one of his family members.
Anyway, on that note, I will clear up a line and I'll talk to everybody next time.
Hey Mark, thank you very much for your contributions.
No problem.
Thanks for the clemency, Mark.
That wasn't clemency. That was a tragedy.
No money Mark was hard to miss at the WCSB Halloween Hall.
He had one of those orange emergency seats on.
Like, did Lee Schwarzenegger get up for the most recent weekend?
The whole room lights up when he comes in, seriously.
I'm not even joking.
He's one of the best.
One of the nicest people I've ever met.
I would have to agree with that.
Yeah, but he doesn't have any money, so, you know, screw him.
Really, this is America, man. You gotta have some bucks.
You gotta have some walking capital.
You have to have some fleas on the doughnut.
You've got to, you've got to, got to, you've got to.
I've got a million dollars and I'm the smartest guy in the whole world.
And I can do anything and I do everything right and I've never been wrong.
Both me and me.
I have more.
I'm as stupid as you are.
Come on.
If you said things like I say, you'd feel stupid.
But when I say it, it sounds great.
You'll vote for me.
Trump.
2016.
That's it.
You know, once upon a time, I had a couple of friends who had this very strange thing going on.
Where this one girl I knew would refer to this other friend of ours as butthole mouth.
Because of...
Because of...
A facial expression he would make frequently.
Oh, the mouth like Trump.
And as soon as I heard her say that, like, I immediately thought of Donald Trump.
Donald Trump is the real butthole mouth.
His mouth, his pursed lips, disapprovingly pursed lips, do in fact resemble a puckered, shall we say, anus.
And that has been utilized in numerous internet meme graphics that I've seen.
You know, the other day on the freeway, I was like, oh, I'm going to be a pucker.
I saw a Saturn car on the road and it had a bumper sticker that says, my other ride is Uranus.
216-Val-no-Val-fier-from-the-right-of-the-iscus is the number to call.
Donald Trump, a photo of Donald Trump recently wearing a George Washington wig.
And if you don't think that was a male prescription, a horrible thing to see that made you very, very frightened for the future of mankind.
Nothing was his.
All right.
Your phone sounds a lot better, Dave.
Well, that's because I'm not using a real phone, Stan.
Oh, good.
You're good for doing such a thing.
I'm using now, I'm using those things you wrap up coins in, those, like, little tubes you put coins in.
Yeah, man, I had to drive all the way out to Ashtabula and drag a piece of string the whole way to put a tin can in here connected to the one you have at home.
Wow.
That's a big issue.
That's a big improvement, actually.
And it just shows you what people can do in America when the will is there, when the plus rises, when the wisdom comes from without and within.
When people join together, they join hands.
Unlike some others who join their knees at the...never mind, never mind.
But you do need 70 miles of string.
No, you only need 52 and a half miles of string.
But you need 70 plus miles of encouragement.
And encouragement is a string, which is, like, makes the fidelity much higher and makes you just sound better overall.
Well, I like this way of doing radio shows by not being in the station because I can go to the bathroom, I can go get another beer, I can do all kinds of stuff that I can't not do at the station.
Yeah.
Yes, but we heard you when you went to the bathroom while you were trying to talk like nothing was going on.
True story.
Oh, you could tell?
Oh, darn.
True story.
I heard the tingles and...
Hold on.
It's a true story.
No, hold on.
I got a true story for you.
I once knew this fellow who was in this noise or industrial kind of band, and he played a show at Doubting Thomas Gallery.
Uh-huh.
And the area in the gallery that was being used as the stage was adjacent to the bathroom.
And the leader of the band had to go to the bathroom during his performance, so he just took the microphone into the bathroom with him and continued the show.
The show must go on.
That's great.
Why not?
It was one of the most impressive things I ever saw.
That's really novel.
Well, and I take it that was a radio microphone because that would be kind of tricky with the audio.
It had a cord.
It had a cord.
It had a cord.
But it's one of those old...
But the bathroom door was one of those old doors that has a gap between the door and the floor.
That's a long cord.
The stage was right by where this one bathroom was.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, he did it.
Oh, I remember one really subgenious thing over on the west side at a gallery.
I had to go to the bathroom before, during, and after some stuff.
I had to be very quick about it and pretend like nothing happened because there were a lot of girls and there was only one bathroom as there are sometimes in those ad hoc galleries.
This is why you cannot be a senator, Dave.
You'd have to get a catheter.
You don't care about your...
You know what's funny is nowadays they're showing commercials for catheters on TV and they always have that little thing at the bottom of the screen that says, by prescription only.
Yeah, that's because we need to crack down on that recreational catheter market.
I'm sorry, that's so funny, but anybody who's recently viewed a catheter or dispelled rumors about catheters with friends knows that's hilarious and that's quite...
Yeah, that's real funny.
Senators who are strapped down should not make public appearances if they can't cut the mustard.
Oh, is that what they're calling it nowadays?
Well, some of them have cloche...
Cloche?

Cloche.
Oh, man, yeah, I remember.
Yeah, speaking of family again, you know, like speaking of Thanksgiving again and family, I remember this one time I was over and my grandmother had had some serious intestinal surgery and I heard them talk about like, yeah, they should have support groups for people who've had this surgery.
And I said, yeah, the first rule of Colostomy Club is you do not talk about Colostomy Club.
You'd literally laugh if you had a relative have a colostomy.


I remember I had a colostomy at Thanksgiving and we were all laughing hard.
Oh, God.
What a world, what a world.
You don't need a colostomy bag if you have the diverter.
The what?
Diverts the food that you swallow into a bag before it gets to your stomach.
You can eat all you want, be a complete glutton, and then give the bag of food, chewed up food to the poor afterwards.
That is the most disgusting thing I have heard in my life again.
It's a good idea.
If I thought of it, somebody has already done it.
We could all be like mommy birds then, you know, it's like, you know, mommy birds will actually chew up and spit out the worms into their baby's mouths.
Well, think if Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie had the diverters installed on them.
They could eat at Spago's or whatever, these fancy L.A. restaurants.
And then sell, their agents could sell the chewed up food or their bag, their diverter bag, to collectors.
Yeah, I heard a horribly...
That's a brilliant business idea.
I heard a horribly disturbing story on public radio a couple months ago about somebody who worked in a test kitchen for like a major fast food chain.
And you know how if you go to a wine tasting, like somebody will, you get to see a bunch of rich people dressed up in fancy suits spitting into cups?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Otherwise they'd get too wasted.
If they had a second liver like I did, they wouldn't.
They'd hate to spit it out.
But yeah, like in the test kitchen for this fast food chain, like they would chew it up and spit it out.
And then they'd probably just throw it away, right?
See, that's the whining of America.
I don't understand how you can understand...
There are homeless people who could eat, who have no teeth.
You know, like chewing it up...
They don't need that kind of chewed up food.
Exactly.
Chewing it up is one thing, all right, but there's also the sensation of swallowing it.
And there's also the sensation of how it sits in your mouth.
And it sits in your stomach afterwards.
And there's also the sensation of what happens when it meets its ultimate destiny.
Well, the diverger would still swallow it, but it would be a burger.
Well, you can't really understand food until you've...
Right after you swallowed it, over into a little bag that was taped to your side.
You can't really understand food until it's gone through the whole process.
A clear bag so people could see what you were eating.
What if they could eat your thoughts?
That would be even worse, rather than eating your pre-digested food.
What if people could actually eat your thoughts and your brain?
Just your thoughts, not necessarily your brain.
Yeah.










That would be a little more nuanced.
Oh, that's silly.
That's science fiction.
At the Baskin Robbins...
That makes a lot more sense to me than eating someone's chewed up food that has all their
enzymes of their...
Oh, no.
What if it was Brad Pitt's chewed up food?
No, thank you.
What if it was Johnny Depp's chewed up food?
That might be different.
No, thank you.
You know, I generally prefer...
I think Johnny Depp chewed this.
You could prove him out, too.
And you could say that you were the...
You had the...
Yeah.
You were the hallucinator of such a thought.
You would see that you would be the originator of the thought.
And you could say that you were the hallucinator of such a thought.
You're eating it from Brad Pitt's brain.
I think at the Ben & Jerry's test kitchen, they came up with a colostomy fudge chunk.
Because they used so many people who didn't have their digestive systems intact, I should
say.
And they put X's on both Ben & Jerry's eyes on the label.
Oh, God.
Oh, God, I need a bucket.
Oh, my God.
Disgusting.
We need more oil.


The organic and the organic.
Orgasmic.
Orgasmic.
The organic and the organic.
Yes, they must go together.
Orgasmic.
Orgasmic.
Orgasmic.
Yeah, that's right.
That's it.
That's the word.
Orgasmic.
Radiation.
Well, you often mock Reich's word.
I'm getting turned on.
Yeah, really.
And you claim that you're the originator of some of Reich's more serious masturbation
techniques.
And they don't have anything to do with it.
I'm not real proud of that.
Hey, man.
I'm a master of that.
A master of that?
You do?
Well, you know, I mean, I don't know.
I should say, I mean, you know, I've-
Go white, Biden.
You know, this is the age of the specialist, right?
And I've always been a generalist.
I've always been a generalist.
You know, I kind of specialize in all kinds of things.
So, the result of that is that I'm a jack off at all trades and a masturbator of one.
I see.
















Well, I mean, it's not that you're a generalist.
That's not, you know, having quite a good head in the world, have you, Dr. Sinister?
What's that?
Being a generalist who's, you know, kind of got a fairly good handle on things overall.
But never one thing enough to make a buck.
Yeah.
Well, you know, there is my day job.
I'm pretty good at that.
Yeah, but that's not a buck.
You did a bad job.
You still have to have the day job.
You did a bad job.

And if it was a good job, you wouldn't have to go to it.
Hmm.
Yup.
Well, I got to go to this.

You wouldn't have to.
You'd be allowed if you wanted.
They let you come into the spa once in a while, too.
When it's your earlier day off, you just go to the spa.
They pay you to stay home and not make decisions.
They pay you really well for that.
That sounds dreamy.
Well, it's all a dream anyway.
That's another thing we have to deal with,
is the fact that we're just kind of imagining ourselves and we're not real.
I hate that part of it.
Well, doesn't anyone else?
Doesn't anyone else hate the thought that we're all just thoughts imagining ourselves?
And then if we ever slip up and stop to think of it, then we won't exist anymore.
I've been trying that.
I've been trying that since I was 16.
I had that thought, and I tried to forget it for the rest of my life.
Seriously, I've been trying to make myself not exist
through analyzing myself for the better part of my life.
And frankly,
the results have not been...
It has yielded no success.
Yeah.
Not as anticipated.
I tried to get outside the matrix.
You can't pull back your own brain.
That is an uphill battle.
If you've got one, whether it's fatted and small,
or just not worth the effort in every other physical and agronomic way,
you still have to let go, man.
Let go.
Let Bob.
Let it go.
Let it go.
Ooh.
Yeah, I've got to take a Bob.
Excuse me.
Bob is never a problem.
Bob is the answer, not the problem.
I've got to go take a Trump.
Can you hold my Bob?
I want to thank you very much.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave, seriously, I wish I could hear from you more often,
and I wish that we could talk together off the air sometime.
I think we'd have a lot to talk about.
And Princess Wee, Reverend Stang,
thank you very much for getting us all together.
Thank you.


My pleasure.
And like I said,
I started asking what happened to Crap Radio.
Well, Crap Radio is on its way.
Crap Radio, you know, the sphincters are just starting to loosen,
and that big pile of crap is about to make itself known.
Great, Bob.
Yeah, don't hang up.
He's Bob.
Or you guys might have to hang up,
but don't touch that dial, is what I meant to say.
The work goes on, and the dream shall never die.
Do not.
stand at my grave and weep I am not there I do not sleep I am a thousand
winds that blow I am the diamond glints on snow I am the sunlight on ripened
grain I am the gentle autumn rain when you awaken in the morning's hush I am
the swift uplifting rush of quiet birds encircled flood I am the soft stars that
shine at night do not stand at my grave and cry I am the subgenius
for free information see
www.subgenius.com
praise Bob
