This is the subgenre of radio ministry.
Hour of black on K-N-O-N-9-0-0-9-N-O-L-F-X-S.
Praise Bob.
To be a good man.
If you turn on the machine, this is Radio Yerevan.
My name is Hans Ivanovich Hagen, and this is the news.
Wake up, puppet boy.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I am Bob Lundin!
No trouble.
Just get set and get going. Amen.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Welcome potential initiates,
and remain with us for the next
30 minutes.
Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part of
and registered in your subconscious mind
every time you say,
see,
hear,
or think.
What about slack?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message
without your being aware of it.
And now, the subgenius hour of slack.
The subgenius hour of slack that you are about to listen to
is specially designed only to be played on your computer.
On radio station
K-N-O-N
and only in the city of
Dallas, Texas.
Should any other shows be heard from or contacted
in the course of this show,
the listener is advised to remain calm
and only contact listed or unlisted officials
in the event of any material from this radio
or other personal device being inhaled during broadcast.
Small animals or other children
becoming exposed to the ultra-high
or ultra-low shocks and brain frequencies
constantly scanned throughout our program
should seek shelter in an approved safety unit only.
This is
Walter Teasdale reminding you
that it's often a photon that micro-releases,
but truth is,
not everyone gets the picture.
Hoping your time is all time
and all your unpermissible truths
are happy truths.
Here is your host,
Reverend Ivan Stang
and many guests.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!

Hey!
Hey!



You are no longer in control, my friend.
We shall dominate you, dear listener,
as we have dominated others of your species.
There's no escape.
You can only do your duty.
It...
It must be done.

And it is a sneaky omission.
It can only be
over.
It must be done.
This is the lowest.
dreaming specter- Baggers may not have.
I believe that Eva Wausrie,
they say. But you start messing with the elder gods, friends. You stir up forces. Suddenly
everything's going wrong. What you gonna do about it, boy? What you gonna do to get straight?
Not much you can do if you get everything out of balance. You thought it was real funny,
didn't you? Thought you'd go and pull the devil's leg, eh? Well, go ahead, son.
Yeah, it's funny. Funny big joke. Let's go. Go ahead, little girl. Let's go spray paint
funny pictures on tombstones. Let's go make a fake bleeding head of Arnold Palmer head
and launch it. Let's go set up a Bob altar and worship for aliens. Oh, fun. Yeah, let's
lure weird forces into our immediate...
vicinity.
You just go ahead and do it, Mr. Subgenius. Oh, we're in it as deep as you. We took money
for it. We know our souls are damned. Not much we can do now but try to stay so fropped
up we don't think about it.
Yeah.
Now, I frankly suggest, friend, that you may be in the middle of a war.
You may be in it too deep to do otherwise yourself. Pathetic Bobby. You're Bobby, ain't
you? Thought you'd be cool. Thought you'd get in with the cool guys. Thought you'd live
away. We're laughing at you, boy. Laugh. Hey, oh, he sent the money, though. Yes, they sent
the money. But who signs the check, my friend? In the end, the signature's always the same.
You're starting to hear the voices now, aren't you? Yeah, this is a special show.
The compressed sound effects code embedded in this show releases words in the background
behind the voices that are designed to trigger these other voices in your head. Yes, your
own head, friend, is generating those voices, but guess what? It's gonna be a while before
you can turn them off. You can shut off the radio and you may still be hearing them. Oh,
quick, take your headphones off or it's too late. Oh, yeah, you think we're kids. You're
kidding. I'm gonna listen to a comedy show, they said. I'm gonna pretend like I'm cool.
For their own lurid, misguided, unforgivable pleasures, they derive the truth little by
little, the truth that will become very clear to you, friend, in a moment. Even now, deciding
in the mind, you've convinced yourself that you possessed, soon to be replaced, at the
behest of those same inevitable, irrevocable...
Elder Gods.
Well, thank you, Reverend Glenn Carlson, for the beautiful music in the background. And
well, we've got a full show today. Look at all these cassettes already stacking up around
here. We got a real cool guy here tonight. Yeah, yeah, we do. The Reverend R.C. Guy.
That's his call. That's his radio. That's his radio. That's his radio. That's his radio.

That's his radio name. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
The Reverend R.C. Guy from KABF in Little Rock, Arkansas.
Yeah, so get out of here, you maniacs. Yeah. Come here.
We'd like you to give your money to Bob. Come here, sane man.
Yeah. Hey.
Such a pleasure to be here with you this evening. I hate you. I hate you, old man.
Have my machine call your machine. Really? You're beautiful, baby.
See you playing with Dr. Bob, of course. Really, man? I met some of those doctors. Doctors. Doctors.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, you know what?
Doctors. Doctors.
Okay. Okay, now listen, guys. I'm not sure that I have any Doctors for Bob music. Believe it or not, I've been playing.
We've been going on and on about doctors. We need more time to play Doctors for Bob.
I wish. I wish we had more.
Oh, we wish Jane and her hyperflexes could get on there and just go on and on about it, man. Little thing got the time.
We'll show Jane up and come down here and give you a hug.
Well, actually, we do have some Jane. We're going to pull some Jane up.
Oh, no.
Has Buck shown up?
Wait a minute. Surely these albums could do, by beating them against things, could do...
Doctors for Bob albums and LPs and records?
Those Doctors for Bob albums, LPs and records that just have false, satanic, cheap replicas of other people's names on the outside of it.
They told us not to do that no more.
This is how you feed me.
We're here to tell the judge.
Give me your hand.
Oh, no.
Don't be frightened. I'm not going to harm you.
Here, just take your two fingers, like this, and now dip them into the milk.
That's right.
And now hold them right above her little nose and let the milk drip.
Oh, I can see you're going to make a wonderful mother for this creature.
Well, I finished what I've come to do. I must go now.
What? What is it, Garrison? What about me?
Ah.
Okay, now listen up, kids. It's time for other...
...tape.
And you're going to love it because it's going to...
...which means it'll be really special and...
...which means it's going to be full of lots of interesting and exciting things for you to listen to.
Just watch.
...some time later in another part of the tape.
...
It will take me some time to explain the trouble you were in, but I don't know how long it will be before she sends the others out for us.
Garrison tried with all his might to understand, but this lack of attention caused her to act more sourly than ever.
...
...

...






I'm going to have to go back and ask the children.
I feel like a child now, but I can't.
...
...
...
...





...


...









...



consciousness. Oh, poverty and hate. Oh, kill little kids. Oh, friends. Here, shut that
door back there. I think that's causing us some of our gloom and destruction. Friends,
we want to do, we're going to do another call-in show tonight. All right. We need to, but I
want to stick to a subject matter. And this time, dear friends, the subject matter is
the unknown. I want to get some call-ins. We don't want you telling us about how you
saw Bob last week because you probably did see something that you thought was Bob. But
what we want to do is get you calling in and give us your stories of poltergeist.
Phenomena or UFO sightings. And I'm talking about true weird stuff that you can't explain.
And that number, friends, is 823-7490. Looks like we're getting one in here. Hang in there.
Yeah.
For the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer is the only
true
pagan idol, which is the one true God.
People are out trying to launch Palmer heads that aren't bleeding.
And they think they're going to go to heaven.
I saw a man on a TV talk show. He talked about launching Torpedo heads, about launching Torpedo heads.
And I said, man, you're only launching bloodless Palmer heads.
Kisses, K-N-O-N.
Onan.
Onan.
Onan.
No, you're kidding.
No, I'm not. This is Reverend Dr. Onan.
All right. Well, we've got a caller here from, where are you calling from, Onan?
Knoxville, Tennessee.
Uh-huh. Are you causing the feedback? Listen, man, I mean, you Tennessee weirdos have got
to quit giving us signs, you know?








so much technical difficulty over the airwaves here.
Well, you know, what do you expect from these cheap subgenius crystal radios?
Really, I think it's the cheap subgenius headphones I've got on my head.
Hey, Onan, how's the church going in Tennessee?
I mean, did you guys get out of the legal trouble yet?
As far as I know, it's up in the air now.
It's out of my hands.
Well, since you called, I'm sure we'll probably be in even deeper trouble.
We weren't supposed to be associated with you.
If you remember, Dr. Onan, we asked you not to tell the FBI to call us.
We've got enough problems.
Don't give me this number.
Oh, no.
I'm hearing more than one voice here.
Is there some other?
Yes, there are.
There's a whole slew of doctors here.
We've got some doctors from Arkansas.
We've got the real cool guy here from KBF.
Can you bear with me if sometimes this doesn't make much sense?
Do you understand?
It doesn't make any damn sense.
No, no sense at all.
Does it all come together a little more clearly now?
Okay.
Sinking up. Sinking in.
Let's...
Oh, do you...
Do you have any weird, uh, uh, any weird phenomena you can, you can describe to us?
Because that's what we're, we're trying to say on the subject matter of tonight.
It's true tales of weird sightings of unexplainable big feet chewing the heads off mutilated cattle in the dead of night with glowing lights that appear and disappear and apparitions of your deceased relatives.
Any, uh, spider-legged succubi or incubi?
Uh, something along those lines.
Perhaps a little more, uh...
Academic.
But, uh, a recent discovery I've made is church shapes.
Church shapes?
Yes.
Church shapes.
Shapes which can only be understood and indeed seen only within the context of the church.
Uh, now, now, what, the church of the subject...
Now, what...
Try to give us an example of this, Dr. Onan.
Uh...
This is confusing, not only to our listeners, but to me.
Well, this, this show, for example, this show is a church shape.
Uh-huh.
Because, uh, I'm sure that some of our listeners who lack faith might not be able to envision this show, but, of course, you and I and all the other doctors can, uh...
We can see it.
Well, most, most people can't afford an enterocitor.
That's the problem.
I mean, you know, if you've got the blueprints from the aliens, then fine.
It's no big deal.
Yeah.
You can see it's full living color, 3D, digital effects, the whole, the whole thing.
Uh...
We try to explain that at the beginning of every show, but I think it falls short.
It falls on deaf eyes.
They can't, they can't hear the truth that's standing in front of them.
They, they have, they have no third nostril.
Well...
They have no third nostril.
They must blow.
They must.
They blow.
So, how's things in, uh, Ticklip?
Oh, about the same.
Ticklip, Tennessee.
That's where, that's where this call really is from.
I'm also, hey, listen, I may, Onan, we gotta get off, because I'm expecting a call from San Francisco today, too.
So make it quick.
I wish we had more time, but, uh...
Yeah, what's the next one?
Okay, um, one, one thing, though.
Yeah.
Let's broadcast this show into the past.
Well, at the, that...
Like about February 16th of, uh, 86.
Funny, I, I'm like, I felt like I didn't hear before.
That was only today.
Oh, I got, I got, I get it.
You, you, yeah, I, I tend to, I tend to forget all...
T-shirt?
...so that the listeners don't know that this is the future.
Well, wait a minute.
In San Francisco, it's...
So, Onan?
Yeah?
Let me catch the other ones here.
Praise Bob or kill me?
What?
Are you there?
Yeah, what?
Okay, we're gonna, we're gonna, we're gonna kill the other listener.
Is Onan on one?
Yes.
Okay, then kill Onan.
Goodbye, Onan.
Goodbye.
We love you.
We did.
Uh, testing.
This is KNN.
This is KNON.
This is KNON.
No, it ain't.
This is KNON, friend.
Something.
Well, I...
Something about something.
Three.
There's somebody on the phone in the other room there.
This, this slack noise is driving me crazy.
There.
God.
This is ridiculous.
There's only one thing to do in a case like this.
I heard that Bob said,
I go,
I go,
What the hell?
You know, I should call.
And, uh...
Attention.
In this instance, I am going to...
Accidentally...
Are you guys even on the phone line anymore?
What?
No, no, here.
Wait a minute.
I have to wake up here and...
I'm gonna call the police.
Okay, now...
I'm gonna call the police.
You were talking about, like,
you had a problem with your parents when you were a little kid, right?
Evidence is that I have been dealing with...
What happened?
Do your, your...
What happened to my parents?
...puzzling through it, maybe.
Floating around the top of the room.
I don't know, man.
I just had this terrible dream.
I...
Hey.
Hey, oh, call an alert.
Call an alert.
I don't want to go to work.
Oh, man.
I got this show sauce in my eyes.
I can't wake up.
My whole face is glued closed.
Oh, man.
Everybody keeps me real busy.
Oh, man.
Happens quite a bit.
Oh, yeah.
What does this stupid church have against us that makes us have to do this?
...dopers, junkies...
Why are they...
...sick, venal...
I don't know.
I mean, why could we have...
Dopers and junkies?
...good duty?
Why are there people out here early in the morning?
...doping, burping, burping...
...and little babies crying off in the alley?
Some church members are doctors and lawyers.
We have to be show janitors.
Okay, let's start cleaning up the show.
That's right.
The first thing we ought to do is get rid of this Bob Dobbs guy.
Killing him didn't help.
Oh, no!
Jesus.
The show bit me!
The tiny short show.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.














How does this thing work?
Yeah, how does it work?
You guys want to make this a fun show or not?
No.
No.
We want to figure a way to get off the radio.
Okay, caller.
Now they're hanging up as we hit them.
Okay, that's the way it's supposed to be, so...
Yeah, that's right.
So, if you think that we're actually fielding calls, please don't be fooled.
These are not telephone calls.
We're processing a few of them, buddy.
We know everybody that's calling here.
This is all just a big joke, and...
Only for a while.
...you know, these are friends of ours that call up.
I mean, who else is going to be awake at 4.30 in the morning, which this is not, because
they're all in the same room.

This is on tape.
You don't actually come down...
It's all fake.
It's just a big, ridiculous show.
...we do have to sit here and actually do it.
It's really hard to actually do it in the afternoon.
Listener, can you hear us?
We can talk to you later.
Listener?
Nope, I'm still here.
Okay, you're on.
I'm...
We're on the air.
We're...
Now, I understand that you have had a true sighting.
With Bob as my witness, I have had a sighting.
Can you describe the sighting?
Oh, my God.

Oh, my God.





I was traveling on the road between Marfa and...
It's realistic.
...Alpine, Texas...
Uh-huh.
...with my brother.
Mar...
You...
Oh, this was the Marfa Lights?
Uh-huh.
I've heard of them.
Listen, the Marfa Lights...
Oh, damn.
Not so loud, you guys.
You've ordered me.
Hey, listen.
Now, all of a sudden, there was like one ball of light behind us.
Uh-huh.
And seemingly on the roadway, I, you know, immediately thought it was a motorcycle.
Uh-huh.
But the ball of light grew larger and approached upon us quickly.
Uh-huh.
All right?
They usually do.
It split into three.
Yes.
Okay?
Yes, yes.
A horizontal three with the center one staying where it was and never decreasing in size.
Uh-huh.
So, were these glowing lights like in the movie Close Encounters, more or less, or...
No, this was like a spotlight shining at you.
Uh-huh.
You could not tell that it was anything but a spotlight shining at you.
It was just brilliant white light.
Uh-huh.
No eyes, no eyes.
No eyes.
It split in.
It split in, and the three each multiplied, one up and one down.
So, all of a sudden, there were nine, with the center one staying white, but the outside
one's to the left, turning to blue shades...
Uh-huh.
...from darker to lighter on the left side, and the right-hand side turning red shades
from darker to lighter, and the center one's being yellow.
Were you by yourself?
Did you like...
No, my brother was with me.
And...
And we were being chased down the road, and he was like freaked out.
You know, we were doing 110 down the road trying to stay away from this thing, and it
was staying like on our hiney.
How did this feel, dear friend?
Uh...
I was going, come on, come on, and my brother's going, let's get the hell out of here!
Did you understand?
Now, did you ever...
Did you know about the Marfa Lights?
Have you ever heard of them?
No, I hadn't heard of it until then.
My mother and my brother had lived down there for a while, for several years, but I had
visited only once or twice, and I'd never experienced it nor heard of it.
And when I saw it, I was like, oh, God!
I was like, oh, God!


Okay, now these people are smart!
Look at this!
Let's go!
Come on, I want to talk with you guys!
My brother was like, okay, come on, I know it'll disappear in a minute, but he's still
freaked out!
And he's still got it pegged!
Well, if you were, uh, what do you...
Do you feel like it was like, uh, extraterrestrial spacecraft, or just, do you have any explanation
that you personally...
Do I have an explanation for it?
No, my...
All my explanations would be on falsified space.

Falsified data.
I knew that I experienced something, okay?
Yeah.
And I felt something inside that was going, okay, well, come on, I'm ready!
You know?
That's strange.
So, so, I would...
I would feel it.
I was feeling like, okay, come on, let's...
Beam me up, Scotty, there's no intelligent life down here!
Eh, eh, eh.
Ahhhh.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, so, well, now, if you had it to do over again, though, would you say they stopped
doing it, or did they stop it?







If they stopped and dropped a step ladder, would you walk up the step ladder into the
light, or would you...
Oh, no, no question!
I wouldn't walk up it!
I would run up it, and, and...
Stripping your clothes off all the way!
It probably wouldn't be all the way down to ground before I got any good.
Well...
I'm ready, I'm ready, come on, there's gotta be something else out there besides us, besides
these, these people that...
That, that, that keep prodding us along with these hot pokers, and telling us that this
is right and this is wrong, and putting labels on records because these are nasty words,
and putting labels on radio stations because they play nasty words...
And putting labels over the mouths of some genius DJs who...
And putting labels on me...
Putting labels on me because I see lights in the sky, huh?
Uh-huh, nasty words.
Yeah, it is, it is, uh...
Okay, well, so, uh, I think, I...
There was nine of them, wasn't there?
Hey, is it them?
Is it them that's screwy?
Or is it us that's screwy?
Well, you know, there's, uh, there's no reason to believe that a paranormal event is what
it says it is, you know?
That's the only thing about UFO sightings and ghost sightings, it's how do you know
that UFOs aren't ghosts, or vice versa, and do they, you know, are they really being,
uh, uh, friendly, or are they just sort of juvenile delinquents of the before life, you

know?
Is the Lord Peyote, is the Lord Peyote actually a god?
I mean, is, uh...
Well, no, he's Bob's little brother.
Bob's little brother, I knew he must have been a god, or a junior god, anyway.
Well, um...
He told me a long time ago to be careful of Oboe.
Well, listen, man, thanks for the, for the, uh, story, I guess we, we need to move on.
All right, well, hey.
There's, uh, I'm gonna play a little bit of, uh, a take on the, uh, the, uh, the

до чем мы Rig у Чех用
in the State that the estamos usando

Connect
Praise Bob.
Kill me.
See you later.
Indescribably beautiful.
They all stood speechless before the angel.
Don't be afraid.
I am the angel of peace.
The children did not move.
Pray with me.
My God, I believe.
I adore.
I hope and I love you.
I beg pardon of you for those who do not believe.
Do not adore.
Do not hope and do not love.
Bob's only got getting back home on his mind now.
Hi, Bob.
Right, Bob?
Bob.
Bob.
I came as a visitor, not an invader.
I must get back to my ship, Pedro.
See if I can repair it.
And then I must leave.
No, wait.
What harm is there in hearing them out?
Other than being a salesman,
what does Bob do?
What does Bob do for a living?
Other than being a salesman?
Bob is not on Route 80 with a bag full of brush.
Who has met Bob?
He seemed extremely paranoid.
He believed in conspiracies.
He came on like a Nazi.
I was afraid of him.
Your tricks don't frighten us, neither do you.
We've come a long way in 5,000 years.
But you're still of the same nature.
I was afraid.
I can sweep you out of existence with a wave of my hand
and bring you back again.
I can give life or death.
What else does mankind demand of its gods?
Mankind has no need for gods.
We find the one quite adequate.
We shall not debate, mortal.
I offer you eternal rest and happiness
according to the ancient ways.
I ask little in return.
But what I ask for, I insist upon.
Approach me.
You shall reap the rewards of your insolence.
We're tired of your phony fireworks.
Mortal! You have earned this!
No, don't!
Lieutenant.
Father doesn't destroy his children.
You said you were gentle and understanding.
Lieutenant!
How can they worship you if you hurt them?
Really, Bob, I mean, come on.
What do you expect?
Well, we're gonna try this collar here.
Oh.
Oh, shoot.
I killed another collar.
Hello, collar.
Another soul.
Another soul lost to Bob.
Hello, collar.
Caller?
What's happening?
Have you a sighting to report?
Yeah.
Can you tell us about it quickly?
Well, if you go, you know, like, down 35 south.
Uh-huh.
I mean, like, there's some, like, frogs and stuff, man.
Big ones on the way.
Big ones on the side of the road, man.
And I'm serious.
Is it a frog migration?
Are these, like, are these foot, house-sized frogs or just, you know, fist-sized?
Pike frogs?
I mean, like, six feet high.
Metal frogs?
Yeah.
Six-foot-high frogs?
They're like, they're six-foot high.
Yeah.
How high are you?
I've seen them frogs.
Frogs, you think?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, those are them.
Wow.
They had eight?
This is not unknown.
We know about the frogs.
Yeah.
How are they caught?



I know.
No lights.
We've seen the frogs.
Yeah.
Don't, don't, do not try to communicate with the frogs and don't believe anything they
tell you.
These frogs, uh, we, we, there are, there are frog battles, paranormal frog battles
in Malaysia, and this is just a bleed over from the three, the 4D world, if you know
what I mean.
Listen, I'm gonna have to go to another call, okay?
Just stay away from the damn frogs.
That's, I mean...
Denons are coming.
Huh.
Yeah.
Guys.
All right.
Praise Bob.
Dear friend.
Yes?
Are you, is it, are you back?
Yeah, I'm back.
All right.
Okay, we're on.
Okay, you'll...
Tell us, yes, tell us this, this horrible...
It wasn't horrible, it was fantastic.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Uh-oh.
Okay, you see, I'm here doing my weekly shopping at Target, right?
Uh-huh.
Okay, so I'm walking down the aisle.
Hmm.
Yeah, I hear the shopping music.
So, and all of a sudden I hear this voice off, off to the behind of me, right?
Uh-huh.
And so, you know, I'm walking down the aisle, and I hear this voice, and I hear this voice

and at first, I didn't think it was talking to me, but you know, yeah, it said, yeah,
you, you know?
So I, I turned around, and the only thing there was behind me was, it was a legs pantyhose
display.
Uh-huh.
Okay?
The best kind.
And so, I mean, I look over there, and I can't really tell where the voice is coming from,
but it seems to be coming from this display.
Uh-huh.
So I go over there, and I take a closer look, and the voice gets louder and louder as I
get closer.
And so I get over there, and I look.
Okay, so, what's the problem?
and there's a little face inside of one of the little eggs.
Uh-huh.
And it's talking to me, and it's telling me to release it.
It's saying, help me, help me, you know, release me, let me out.
And so I got really frightened because, I mean, it was this totally weird-looking face.
It was like a green, gaseous little face in there, you know.
Sort of like in Ghostbusters?
Exactly, exactly.
But I couldn't really tell who it was, you know.
So I didn't really want to let it out.
So I bought this egg, and I brought it home.
And then my little brother opened it, or I guess he opened it.
It's because I came in last night from work, right?
Yeah.
And so my little brother's passed out on the floor,
and he has this big black bruise on the side of his face.
Oh!
And laying next to him, the egg is open,
and there's a little pair of pantyhose laying there on the floor next to him.
That's what it is.
That's the new experimental.
So can you tell me?
Tell me what happened.
Cabbage patch.
Cabbage patch kids.
That's where they come from.
Really.
They evolve out of legs pantyhose.
Do they really?
Yes.
More cabbage?
Look at them.
Look at that skin.
That's pantyhose material skin.
They evolve in a cabbage patch skin.
That's why they're so expensive, you know.
So my...
They ain't got no legs.
So my kid brother was attacked by a cabbage patch kid.
That's right.
It's been in the...

It's been in the egg too long.
It was mad.
It was in the egg too long.
I was evil.
And don't feed them whatever you do.
Don't feed them after midnight.
So who should I sue?
Don't spit on them.
Should I, like, sue Coleco or something?
Huh?
No, that's Hasbro.
That's a Hasbro.
Is it Hasbro?
Yeah.
Listen, I'm gonna get on to another one, okay?
Okay, thanks a lot.
Kill me.
Hello, you are on KNON.
Hello?
Hello?
Caller?
Caller number two.
Chicken.
Chicken.
We're afraid.
What was that?
They're scraping the inside of my brain!
Are you an acrobat?
Only philosophically.
What?
Only philosophically.
Really?
Can you walk a tightrope?
Keep me quiet.
My specialty, however, is wisdom.
You know what wisdom is?
No, sir.
Why is that, sir?
Bob.
If what you say is true, what are we to expect?
You need me, and I have come.
Hi, Bob.
Hi, Bob.
Hi, Bob.
Yeah.
Bob, Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob, Bob.
You're ever changing.
Yes, sir.
I like subgenius.
No, sir.
I don't like pink boys.
Yes, sir.
I love Bob.
No, sir.
No, sir.
I do not want to stop Bob.
I want Bob in every tree.
I just want to give Bob a chance.
I want to give my fish to the thousands.
In every flower, in every bee, in every leaf, in every twig, in every cow, in every pig.
Yes, deep fried as it is.
They brought out the best in Bob's fish and laid upon the other water and fowl a little stinky thing.
I want to feel him in the breeze.
And everybody saw, and everybody ate, and the rest of my guys.
For all this, Bob.
Dear Bob, who floats in the ground.
They don't realize that there's this, like, lattice of coincidence that lays on top of everything.
Give me an example.
I'll show you what I mean.
If you have a pick on you.
H crossover.
You know how long you're doing this.
Well, I tell you follow along and you're gonna be a VIP as well.
All right?

So you're all doing it, and I'm going in.

Probably, uh, all of my strains are Cayuan sub sports.

I'm kind of on my own, but I just learn how to moving.




Back again.
Back again.
Right.
Back again.


Back again.
all the supermarkets about commuter triangles, UFOs, how the Mayans invented television,
that kind of thing?
I don't read them books.
Well, the way I see it, it's exactly the same.
There ain't no difference between a flying saucer and a time machine.
People get so hung up on specifics, they miss out on seeing the whole thing.
Take South America, for example.
All right, dear friends.
Did we lose another one?
Hello?
Well, we need a private number.
That's all there is to it.
But if you think about it for a minute, you realize something.
There had to be a time when there was no people, right?
Yeah, yes.
Well, where did all these people come from?
Huh?
Hmm?
I'll tell you where.
The future.
Where did all these people disappear to?
Hmm?
The past.
That's right.
And how'd they get there?
Flying saucers.
Which are really...
Yeah, you got it.
Time machines.
I think a lot about this kind of stuff.
I do my best thinking on the bus.
That's how come I don't drive.
Hello, dear friend.
Are you...
I'm here.
All right, we got you this time.
Yeah.
I can just barely...
Are we still here?
That's the...
I can just barely hear you.
Hello?
Can't hear you at all now.
Well, I wish you could.
This is K...
Oh.
Oh.
That guy came back for more.
That's made when you emerge from space
and come to this, my dwelling place.
Dear Bob, each night while I'm asleep,
I hope to my house you will creep.
Caller, have we got you yet?
Caller?
Caller?
I should be found dead someday.
I'll be...
Knowing that you were in the way.
Oh, gimme Bob.
Confusing that face.
With my own.
Can't remember my place.
What you propose is dominance, not salvation.
Don't be governed by fear.
Who is J.R. Bob Dobbs, anyway?
Who is this man, Bob?
Who is Bob?
Bob was and is the world's, the universe's, as we understand it, greatest salesman.
Uh-huh. That's what got him into the religion business to begin with.
And now, friend, we are on the air finally.
Praise Bob!
Hello?
Yeah, we're finally on. I'm sorry, I discovered what my problem was.
Brett's brain damaged. Go ahead.
I heard that, you know, J.R. Bob Dobbs, I heard that he was related in some distant way to Gumby.
To Gumby?
Gumby.
That's a pretty distant relation, to tell the truth.
It's not true. I heard that they were like, you know, like first cousins or something like that.
That's ridiculous. Gumby is a fictitious character. Bob Dobbs is the living avatar of slack on this planet.
Slack! Slack! Slack!
And frankly, we're trying to stick...
Stick with some, uh, with some sincere paranormal callers here. Gumby is a stop-motion clay animation.
It's the easiest thing in the world to do, so if you don't mind...
Thank you.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
What on earth are you about to do?
This is the man in black, here for the Rum and Wine Company of Fresno, California.
You can't owe it.
What did he say?
You're a murderer.
K-N-O-N.
Waiting for a meeting.
I am the first to come to you.
Hello, caller.
With death and destruction.
Caller.
Go ahead and kill me.
Caller.
I had to kill him.
What's gonna happen to your children, when it's...
When it's the society we've created.
The society of air conditioners.
Station wagons with wooden sides.
Station wagons with wooden sides.
A portion of the need.
A portion of the need.
A portion of the need.
A portion of the need.
A portion of the need.




It's a large family.
A portion of the need.

What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
It's the subgenius.
This is subgenius.
Well, listen to me, I have the most amazing true life story.
Please tell us.
...you'll ever hear.
Uh-huh.
Try me.
Hi.
The album, The Rat Pays Sweet Teas.
I was just walking down the street, you know, like in downtown Dallas.
Listen to me.
And, you know, I was just your average everyday Bobby.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, there's a lot of...
Not really.
Uh-huh.
What came out? That's the important part. What came out of the third nostril?
Some sort of viscous liquid slag shot a brick out of your nose?
My third nostril stayed open and was able to be seen by everybody in the entire world.
Even Bobby. Anyone who looks at my nose can just see this disgusting but beautiful third nostril.
Yeah, now here's the bottom line. Has this helped you to get dates or, uh...
Get what?
I mean, you know, just exa...
Well, no, but...
Beauty's only skin deep, right?
I mean, Stigmata are fun, right?
My slag?
How'd they get your dates?
Just from my mouth.
You exterminate rats with slag?
Yeah, shooting out of my nose. My third nostril.
It's... it's amazing.
I think you're getting mixed up between slag and snot. Pardon my language.
No, I know it's not, because Bob told me with his brick. It's written all over it.
It's like...
Nostril opener.
Third nostril. Well, friends, you heard it here first.
You can get your third nostril open.
And be able to tune into those etheric airwaves by simply sending that green rectangular piece of worthless paper to the post office box we'll read at the end of the broadcast, friend.
But actually, probably what it was was an anti-Dallas manifestation.
The what?
The anti-Dallas?
See, that is what... that's possibly what happened.
That you were walking through...
Yeah.
The conjunction of the Dallas and the anti-Dallas. There have been quite a few of them lately.
And the brick probably passed through the barrier.
Yeah.
And that was false slag.
I'm sorry, it's not getting you dates. It might be false slag.
It is. It's getting me dates.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Don't ask questions. That's the important thing. Don't ask questions.
And it's not only getting me dates, but it's also exterminating rats.
Praise Bob.
Well, friend, we're gonna have to exterminate you right now. No offense.
Praise Bob.
Or kill Bob.
But until that day, the power and wisdom of Bob can help us bring their mind to control by activating that new gland that we all have within us.
You don't like your life? Straighten it out in a big hurry! Give your money to the church, not the state! The church!
Yes!
Give us your children! Give us your children!
Let us raise them!
You'll have weirder kids than me!
Meltdown.
Somewhere in America, in your community...
Hey, look, look what I have here.
All it takes is just...
Exploit the abnormality potential that exists within you.
Oh, yeah.
Damn, from the day you were born, they raised you to say, teach you that there's something wrong with photography.
Hello, this is Anne McKinney.
Fourteen years ago, legalized birth control became a reality in America.
Thirteen years ago, abortion was made legal.
Now, in 1986, these fundamental rights are being threatened.
But you can do something.
March 9th in Washington, D.C., the National Organization for Women is planning the first nationwide pro-choice march since 1973.
Your reproductive freedoms have never been more threatened than they are today.
In the meantime, if you don't want Jerry Falwell or Ronald Reagan deciding what birth control method you choose, you can do something about it.
Join us in this struggle now, or your future decisions may be in someone else's hands.
Show your legislators and President Reagan that you do care.
March with your sisters and brothers in Washington, D.C., on March 9th.
Call National Organization for Women at 424-5474 for more details.
There's another puff of that puffer fish.
This is KNOAN 90.9 in Dallas, Texas.
Even while we're working, um, everything in the universe snaps itself inside out with a hideous sucking motion.
The only reason you cannot call the world impossible is because it is only through the world that you know that there is a world.
You have been led to believe that everyone feels he or she may be the only living consciousness,
but you are in fact the only one who believes this is true.
The fundamental structure of reality is totally transformed every instant,
but it provides you with a fully memory that it has always been the way it is.
Since you are always at the exact center of an infinity,
there is no such thing as movement, location, space, or time.
You are a row of electrochemical events taking place in your cerebrum.
Nothing has meaning in itself, but everything can support any meaning.
If you could glimpse for even a moment the real meaning of existence,
your brain would be neuroanatomically destroyed.
You cannot conceive of a thing for which you do not have a word.
What?
Oh, shit!
You have always been listening to this tape.
You cannot remember a thing.
You cannot remember a time before you were born,
because there was no such time, nor any other.
It has always been this moment.
Death could occur inexplicably any second.
The oddness of the world...
The sidewalk surface was dancing with tricks.
In mad whirling surfboards they looked for kicks.
They woke each other like drugs to their blood.
And drop drops and tramps when they're playing studs.
And they're pretty folks, pretty folks, bending a trend.
Pretty folks, pretty folks, they'll never mend.
Splitting their cells, looking for pills.
They blow their change and they don't pay their bills.
Hard to find what you love, spend XTK.
Blocks of flash zeros with nothing to say.
And they're pretty folks, pretty folks, bending a trend.
Pretty folks, pretty folks, they'll never mend.
Splitting their cells, looking for pills.
Splitting their cells, looking for pills.
And they're pretty folks, pretty folks, bending a trend.
Pretty folks, pretty folks, they'll never mend.
In fun, in fun, in fun, in fun, in fun.

Most nerds, they don't seem to age.
As they decompose in memory's cage.
But total loss is not something to hide.
When the last big sleep has started inside.
Cause they're pretty folks, pretty folks, bending a trend.
wide awake running venom making the trend
pretty folks, pretty folks.
they'll never mend.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And down in my old magnetic soul shoes
Oh, yes, dear friends, we're slowly but surely gonna make our way out of here.
Was it really worth it, friend? Did you have a good time?
Was it worth the $8.50 a minute?
Enjoy your frock stick, or was it a mite?
Too strong for you, huh?
As the guiding hand wavered, not but remained steady.
The currents, the signs, are exactly where those thought processes led.
Yes, friend, the soul water we squeezed out of you while you were listening to this show was a lot of fun.
We really enjoyed drinking the soul water squeezed from your consciousness
while you're trying vainly to calm...
...our show.
Listen to that lovely theme music.
Friends, I'm gonna read the P.O. box, the sacred P.O. box of the Church of the Subgenius,
where you can write for information.
And if you send the rectangular, worthless thing, just the smallest one you can find in your back pocket,
you'll get the real truth.
And that's Bob.
Bob at P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
There's Dr. Onan.
He called up earlier, and here he is singing in the background.
That's P.O. Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Just write Bob and ask for information.
Um...
Praise Bob.
I think I hear the final closing music, the music that Norm is always so anxious to hear.
He stands outside the door waiting for an hour for this music to come out.
Oh, it's...
So it's the Gene Scott hour coming up, friends.
I know that the Church of the Subgenius isn't as popular as Gene Scott anymore.
Yes.
But...
Someday, someday we'll have our own channel on 24 hours a day.
Yeah, baby.
Off the satellite.
Thanks.
Thank you, dear friends.
And here's Pastor Bucknaked signing off.
Where'd you go?
Thank you, Budweiser.
Watching Bob on TV.
Oh, the swallowing red man.
The day my coon dog died.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Reading the pamphlet.
Oh, bird, oh, bird, yeah.
I was drinking Budweiser.
And Bob was on TV.
Oh, baby.
Good kick by a mule.
I was with Cousin June.
I was with Cousin Junior.
The DNA backfired.
I was drunk.
I was lonely.
I was plastered.
I was drinking Budweiser.
And Bob was on TV.
Drinking Budweiser.
Watching Bob on TV.
Swallowing red man.
The day my coon dog died.
Reading the pamphlet.
Oh, bird, oh, bird, again.
I was drinking Budweiser.
And Bob was on TV.
I was drinking Budweiser.
And Bob was on TV.
and Bob was on TV.
Here we go.
You like th-
.
Writing.
haltret.com

言
ag
All right.
Oh, shut up.
Hi, boys and girls.
Welcome back once again to the talk show that everybody's talking about in Glendale, California.
That's right.
It's time for Monday Morning with Norm Ward.
I was just wondering if we can call Dr. Gene Robert.
I just wanted to get your official okay on this.
Well, no, we have the special, the special 9-800 number that somebody will answer and really talk to this.
My 10 bucks a month, okay?
All right.
It's okay.
We're going to have Phil Graham in here.
We'll be right back.
Uh, whoa, listen to those crackling volume pots here, friend.
That was The Wall Men, a cheerful song called The News by The Wall Men.
And what you're listening to now is P-Dog Strut by Doctors for Bob, whipping along in the background.
Now, friend, just between you and me, I personally do not believe that J.R. Bob Dobbs is dead.
Now, honestly, for years, for the last two years, I subscribed to the commonly held theory, the official theory of the church, that Bob Dobbs had been killed.
I now, and I can't explain why, I no longer believe that.
I just know, for some reason in my heart, that Bob is not dead, and that he's probably listening, you know, if not to this show, to your show, friend.
So, in the meantime, the anti-Dallas, the anti-Dallas, friend, from which Oboe, the anti-Bob, gets his power, its power is wavering.
The power of the anti-Dallas is wavering, but at the same time, if it comes in contact with the true Dallas, which is okay, there may be a conjunction, friends, a conjunction of the anti-Dallas and the real Dallas.
Now, Oboe wants this. Bob does not want this.
Dr. Stu here from More Drunk Cowboys actually has done...
He's done the research that led to this theory here. He's here in the station with us. Dr. Stu?
Yeah.
Can you add anything to what I'm saying?
As I, as you were telling me, all of the police will turn evil if there is a conjunction with the anti-Dallas, even the Krishna policemen.
Yes, even the Krishna policemen will turn evil.
In fact, see, the anti-Dallas is composed mainly of slack bands.
We know of slack vampires. We know of slack vampires. They depend on us for their survival.
In effect, actually, this ties in very clearly with the Omicron-Epsilon theory of time.
Yes, the time intersection, when the backwards universe intersects with our universe.
See, in effect, since the anti-Dallas is a closed, is in fact a closed universe into and of itself,
Dr. Stu?

Dr. Stu?











This happens to be a cheap satanic replica of our true Dallas.
They do tend to intersect sort of like a partial eclipse of the true Dallas and the anti-Dallas.
Also, the anti-Dallas has no time control whatsoever.
In effect, they're trying to keep themselves together backwards, forwards, time.
They don't mean nothing.
There's nothing but time.
There's nothing but time.


vortex is there.
It's kind of like random static on your
television set, you see.
But do we have time control?
Do we ourselves have
time control?
We don't have control,
but at least Wotan keeps
all the
Bobions
going in the same direction at the same time.
And the
anti-Dallas
actions do not have consequences.
Consequences do not have
actions. It's much
closer to Negiistic
universe than ours.
Good lord!
I had no idea.
Indeed, and Negi is so much
closer to them than he is to us.
This is a chilling, chilling thought, friends.
Indeed. It's getting colder
and colder in the station.
I've heard our
powers dropping.
Yes, as I understand.
I heard those raps again, those
mysterious sounds.
Oh, God.
Rapping in the walls of pops and bangs.
Can you hear them, friends, out there?
So, anyway, as I understand it,
the anti-Dallas is somehow
cut off from our reality.
All alone in its own hollow,
curved interior universe.
There is no anti-Chicago,
no anti-Miami.
No anti-Phil.
And the only way they can get out is through
Dallas.
There it goes again.
Not even an anti-Ivan Stang.
No.
No anti-Philo Drummond.
There is...
Nothing but Oboe
and nothing but Bob.
Oboe, the anti-Bob.
And as long as Bob's in heaven,
Oboe will get sicker and sicker
and weaker and weaker.
That is why Bob is staying in heaven
or hell or Asgard
as he is.
He is, in effect, not
unable to come back,
but merely choosing not to
while Oboe gets sicker and
is dying out.
Here, have some of this puffer fish.
Let's blow off that church.
Oh, I'll get that.
Ah.
Ah.
Come on.
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes, your mind shall triumph
through Bob and the Slack.
Slack is the free comm-box that comes with the Philo-Bone.
Bob.
He's the ultimate good guy.
The terrorist for peace.
Bob is the rule of this universe
and thus the only place of all knowledge.
Bob is the phoenix rising from the ashes of the...
