Now, what about beer?
All I want to business is the subgenius power of beer.
Yes, my dear friends, welcome to Subgenius Radio Ministry number 1076.
I think that's what it is.
It's hard to tell because we're in the throes of time control.
Yes, I've been pulling the levers on the way back archival tape machines
and digitizing ancient epic media barrages
and, uh, subgenius power.

Subgenius convention assemblages, collages, epics.
As we delve further into the history of the Church of the Subgenius,
the first 100 years, this is being done initially
for the ongoing MaybeLogic.org online course,
but it is also being done for the grander glory
of a later book, DVD set, I suppose,
and, uh, yes, yes, yes,
we've been learning so many things that we forgot
and so many more that we never knew.
It's interesting and inspiring to hear the fervor of the early doctors.
And in this particular episode, friends,
we're going to slide back in time
into an admixture of the 1982 World Subgenius Convention in Chicago,
where the...
where the head was launched,
where the church was taken over by the women,
the Connie Tights,
and, uh, in fact, the head was launched onto the roof of the building next door
and then rescued later from the wino's nest
by Buck Naked and some poor retarded girl
that he had picked up that weekend.
Friends, friends, it's exciting.
It's deadly. It's dangerous.
It actually was dangerous,
and it's surprising that so many of us survived.
Quite a few didn't.
And so, let us pull the lever and go back, back,
back now into the past.
When will you believe?
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm gonna bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
This tape is copyright 1982 by the Subgenius Foundation.
Uh, the first step is that you make the art.
The second step is that you, uh,
you, uh, mail the art somewhere.
And then, uh, you, uh,
you, uh, destroy the art in the mail.
And then, you, uh, claim it on your chance.
CKR Bob Dobbs!
It's come now to us!
CKR Bob Dobbs!

It's given us some true wisdom!
I say, fellas, I say!
Make the art, destroy the art, claim the art.
You will, you will make much more of that art piece than you would have in any other way.
Don't you think it would be a good idea for you to turn the radio on?
Turn the machine on.
Turn the machine on!
Turn the machine on!
Turn the machine on!
Well, it is a beautiful world out there.
It is a beautiful world out there, all right.
Take, for instance, the city of Chicago earlier this month.
It was filled to overflowing with Wookiees, Warlocks, and Japanese robots as thousands flocked to the annual World Science Fiction Convention at the Hyatt Regency Hotel.
But at the cheaper hotel across the street, a group of people too weird for most science fiction fans to comprehend were holding a little convention of their own.
These wackos call themselves the First Church of the Subgenius.
And they include, in their, to say the least, eccentric membership ...
Bob .
What do they believe in? Everything.
Who do they believe in?
A mysterious character named Bob.
I'm sorry I hadn't time for social obligations.
There is another world.
Who are they winning souls for, Satan or Jesus?
We are not, then, alone in our battle.
Indeed, how bob, hey.
The rise and fall of Atlantis, the erections of pyramids and other mamluks,

monuments seen here, which no slopeheads could build alone.
Oh, here they are now, the miracles of the Old Testament.
And all these and more events are strictly interwoven
in the invisible background war
between Jehovah and the exes.
Here we see on hand the barbarian.
Yes, it's true.
The subgenius convention is in a hotel in Chicago
at this very moment.
They cannot get into the hotel.
It started off as an innocent convention.
It has turned into the last holdout of the subgenius.
We're taking over these mics.
We're taking over.
We've got both heads in custody.
We have both heads.
Both heads.
Both heads.
Can we get these to go?
We're not giving them to him.
This is a patriarchy.
No.
We have the heads.
We have both heads.
Until we get all nine demands, both heads
are not returned to this room.
No heads for both heads.
Nobody.
Shut that music off.
Put your hands on the radio.
Put your hands.
Put your hands on the radio.
A family doctor says you're just fine,
but you feel so down all the time.
Well, people, you don't have to worry.
The job is a lie.
Send your money in on reserve.
Don't worry.
It's deductible.
Well, people, you can forget your sins or forget your troubles.
Put your hands.
Put your hands on the radio.
Put your hands on the radio.
Put your hands on the radio.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer has come to redeem us.
And I'm here to say that I don't want any more beer.
This next convention, we're going to have
Kia, gin, vodka, mixers.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer is the only thing that matters.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer is the only thing that matters.
All that we can comprehend.
And there's the head.
I can see it now.
A moment of supreme power.
Okay, you're doing great.
We're standing over the head now.
And I just picked it up by the neck.
I'm holding it up.
Would you give it a kiss, please?
She kissed it.
She kissed the forgotten head that nobody else wanted.
All right.
She patted its head, scratched its hair.
We have a forgotten head.
It's ours.
Master Bucknaker places the pipe, the sacred bob pipe,
the white, broad-necked bob pipe in the lips of the head.
And we take off.
As the tiny dog looks on in the calm, calm place,
Dr. Moneycutt likes the tiny, calm, and calm.
I'm a zombie!
I'm a zombie!
I'm a zombie!
That's what you and me shall inherit when I have a something as base as mine!
As one day, as the 스�لك나�ר told in Bob Eccles's first speech after 26th hvor
we shall know that indeed2 Doctors for Bob shall be as one, and they shall leak their
minds.
And, Doctors for Watch Guns, Sally Merge, Victorious Doctor for Bob shall become
one and all as an ordered water power!
Looking away!
The story told in Bob Ecclesian, verse 3, chapter 26.
Lo, ye shall know that indeed, doctors for Bob shall be as one, and they shall leak their minds.
And doctors for Wotan, Sally Merge, victorious doctors for Bob shall become one and all, and have an honor and power.
And the individuals make up the separate alignments which he and Yellman together in doctors for Wotan shall align themselves to become one and all.
And the individuals make up the separate alignments which he and Yellman together in doctors for Wotan shall become one and all, and have an honor and power.
And the individuals make up the separate alignments which he and Yellman together in doctors for Wotan shall become one and all, and have an honor and power.
The problem becomes one of mission.
The sleazy reality of the present sub-com has, I'm afraid, sunk the entire group into a morass instead of a prophecy crusade.
The Church of the Subgenius was an order of scoffers and blasphemers dedicated to total slack, delving into mockery science, state of futuristics, megaphysics, scatology, and all.
Got the picture? No? Well, let's try it again.
The Church of the Subgenius.
The Church of the Subgenius is the single most important organization of the 20th century.
Oh, there's one now.
A person asking somebody to kill him now.
Don't forget, the launching scene here of the bleeding head of the World Cup golfer, a sacred relic long in the possession of Jane and Hyperclean.
Yes, I know, Doug.
The Megaphis Temple lodged with...
Sit down, Doug. Sit down.
The Church of the Subgenius in Little Rock, the head was temporarily captured in mid-81 by a rival band of Trevinoists,
the developers of the false pretender to the World Cup, and the Palmer-Trevinoist War still rages at this very moment.
In fact, we have heard conspiracy rumors that the head might be, at some point during the convention, kidnapped by rogue subgeniuses.
You think John Kennedy was killed?
Ha ha ha.
Why do you think he went to Dallas?
Well, so it seemed.
He needed to join the Church and disappear forever and become a drunk living in Dealey Plaza.
It was the only way to gain his freedom.
A small price to pay for losing your groceries in the high noon sun of Dallas.
As my thoughts swing...
Word and in word.
I was born again and Bob made sure I died again and now I've been born a third time.
Born thrice.
So the rumors were true.
By the women.
By the women.
What'd you have to do to?
Praise Barbara.
I think, I think he's dead.
Let's change the prop again.
I'm telling you what kind of dimension we're gonna find ourselves in when our eyes clear from all this coughing.
This is the drug, I think.
Yeah, it is. I feel my head expanding.
Try and sit down. We're probably still just in the corridor.
Oh. Where are we?
This is the bathroom.
Yeah, big bathroom.
Who's that?
I can't tell. It just changes.
Look, look at that.

Listen.
It's the slap squat.
Hey, that's the slap squat, isn't it?
I can't talk.
I can't talk.
I can't hear.
Oh, what's going on?
Are we back, are we back down in that control room, she thinks?
It's the drug.
I know it's the drug.
I can hear that music.
I don't hear anything.
You don't hear music?
No, I hear, I hear voices.
Focus on Bob.
Try to imagine that your body is made of syrup.
Oh, count backwards from 83.
And then, you may now take your pill.
It reflects what we're feeling. Try to relax.
Okay.
They're not shooting at us.
No.
This is all the drug, right?
Uh-huh, this is the drug.
This is all just the drug.
Are you sure?
I am.
Who, you ask? Who is J.R. Pop Dox?
Who is it?
J.R. Pop Dox.
Well, see, what you gotta understand is like, Bob is not super intelligent.
In fact, he's a complete fuck-up.
But every time he fucks up, he makes a million bucks!
This is a restricted area.
If you need help, a man sent in to take this.
No, it's the drug.
He's speaking of the drug.
Oh, man.
Oh.
This is a restricted area.
This is something that we need to leave.
This is a second telling.
This is a second telling.
Oh, shit.
This is the drug.
This is something that we need to leave.
If you get to Dobbs town in time, it will happen there, and you won't want to miss it.
Here...
I know that, Frank.
We've been singing that song for the last 10 years, but it can happen here.
In fact, while you weren't looking, it did happen here.
Hi.
Hi.
Just drop the phone.
You're going to get it.
Let's go.
You can't stop.
Let's go.
Let's go.

Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.





Bob!
You may risk becoming a weird Bob.
At this point we go to the subgenius convention.
We are live now. If you'll watch the monitor you will be seeing
Guy Duell, Doug Smith and assorted other subgeniuses speaking.
We can see them there and before.
There have been rumors that the conspiracy wishes to interrupt the proceedings here.
We hope that there will be no such interruption.
The subgenius heads are now answering questions from the floor.
Right, exactly. They're trying to cover...
They didn't want us to go about left and right brain to begin with.
Or the forebrain or the hindbrain.
These are the assorted holy doves.
We just recently found out that exes do have four brains.
They have four brains that can work...
This proof is available in the rear of the convention area.
Up and down as well.
Nobody wants to see it.
That's why they do not see it.
That's in their physical form which resides on planet X at all times.
We're not defeating them. We're wheeling and dealing with them.
That's what Bob's for.
Why defeat them when you can't make a deal?
He's holding up one of four brains of the aliens.
He has a brain encased in lucite that is left of the world.
The left of the screen.
That is an alien brain that he has hold on to.
Whatever we're...
There's President Zandi in the background.
Asking for his mother or father but they're so involved in it.
There's a problem.
They do not see this at all.
They just like the aliens.
Here come the tiny subdued elves marching around on the back of the stage.
They're the ones in the funny color.
They're gone now.
They disappeared just like that.
That's it.
Bob has harmony.
Bob has harmony.
Bob has slack.
Answering questions now from the floor.
Bob has slack and even the Elder God...
Dallas Doug Smith.
...have trouble getting slack.
Yeah, they can't fight that.
We are in that respect, we are equal to the gods.
Guy Duel using one of his rifles to push a...
That's the part of it.
...the God that's in every man that you read about in the Gnostic scripts and everything.
Subdued windows, holy stained glass windows.
The battleground of the gods is in us.

The gods are fighting out there.
It seems that somebody has thrown a tape he didn't like through the stained glass window in the church in the subdued years.
...the Elder God.
But that thing can be replaced in just a moment.
There are two heads.
And now there are two heads.
There's a second, a tiny head and a big head.
No, with the head, that is the false head.
The only real head is the bronze head.
Sure, you can be...
You've been bowing down to a false prophet.
And those lucky enough to be fated to be in.
Doctors for Odin, me, Doctors for Bob.
Consider yourself thrice blessed.
For it shall be your salvation.
And now I guess I'd rather be smoking dope than Florida than down here working.
But what the heck, I think this is the most important thing that has ever happened to you in your life.
What is happening now is a whole different...
Never ever be this stupid.
Never.
...see heroin again in the...
...in the...
...in the...
...in the...
...adi 09

... aroma up my...


And they just thought that if I out those' in the...
...and used this dope on my body, then I'd put to sleep or something...
probably go back to...
And smoking dope down in Florida, if I had an opportunity to, any place, any substance that might, I don't know, work...
God, that was just one of the most violent drug sequences I think I've ever had.
Look at that.
It's just fading right back in.
All the body parts are just dissolving.
That's amazing.
And there's not even all gone yet.
We've still got some here.
I think I know just what to do with that.
Well, look, what about these girls you keep telling me about?
Bob has just all kinds of little groupies and everything.
Something's happening here.
The women...
Somebody's taking over.
God, dissidents and subjugations have just taken over the convention.
A group of women have just stormed the stage.
They're trying...
They're trying...
They're trying...
They're trying...
They're trying to take over the...
They have to have nine demands.
They've stolen the head.
Until we get all nine demands, both heads are not returned to this room.
No heads for nobody.
It looks like a group of women have stolen the bleeding heads of Arnold Palmer and are now...
Two audience mics.
They're reading their demands.
Bob's jackstrapped.
Bob's jackstrapped.
Male sacrifice.
Male sacrifice.
Round of chili dogs.
No head.
No head.
Dick of Bob.
Dick of Bob.
Dick!
Dick of Bob!
Dick of Bob!
Dick facts a 12 year old dancing boy.
That request surprised dog or something so much he crashed into the side of the convention hall.
Male, man!
We have to hit!
No head!
No head!
No head!
No head!
No head!
No head!
No head! No head! No head! No head! No head!
Something has happened in the motorcase.
Yes, I believe I can see Arnold Palmer showing up.
You mean he's alive?
Something did happen. No, he's not alive.
Temporarily?
I'm most honored at this point to say that we will be going to camera one on the floor live,
and we'll be catching the decapitation of Arnold Palmer.
This is Arnold Palmer.
Hi, golfers.
Ah!
Illusions. All illusions.
That is Buck.
Yeah, he shaved.
He shaved.
He lost all his hair with the radio.
This is funny.
We're walking in a third person.
Yeah, yeah.
I said to each other, I'm not walking.
He was just saying, the strangers among us are great holy men, and we will do whatever.
I said, I'm not walking.
I'm walking on a chunk of tar.
Wait a minute.
Hold on.
Hold on, friends.
Hold on.
Bob said, before this convention started, he said, if any of these cheap bobbies, these
immature, pit-eye, pink-splanned subgenius types come out here and blaspheme my sweet
name.
Then pee on my head.
Yeah, that's beautiful.
Those are worth, well...
There's no prize for them, yeah.
Nobody knows about them.
Look at them.
Good thing they don't.
These old Malaysian guys are just gonna...
Lost in time of pee...
That chief has like sixteen different navigational computers.
Look at that!
We'll show you what's still in there.
What is that?






Stourneau said you guys were going to build a catapult, but I guess that didn't happen.
Who was going to carry it?
Who knows? That's another plan like Wellman's cardboard limousine for dealing claws over.
I have a foreign distraction and have a madly memory of the great and terrible huge subject.
I beg to give one of my bitty eyes. I might give it all to the poor old boy.
They have this thing where they cut their nipples off.
No more sweetness in life, bullfish and catapult. The only answer is hot lead.
Eat a lot of lead or kill me.
When they say or kill me, that means you're going to die.
That's it. That's what it really means.
When Dan Hart says open the door or kill me, you better open the door.
Or try to kill me while I'm protected by the...
Mark the code for the spiral.
Has Jane ever showed you that sort of stigmata on his back where the blood spatters?
Oh man, I've seen... I've seen...
I've seen Jane's body. I hate it. I hate that things really exist.
I've seen him go flopping around on the ground and have little things run out of his mouth.
I've seen heliopters, like little ones with heliopters fly around and get his way, his way, his way.
Yeah, just come out of a psychic ether.
Yeah, just a little miracle.
Yeah, just a little furry onesie.
Doctors calling Doctors for Bob. Calling Doctors for Bob.
You're wanted in the Doctors for Bob operating room. Calling Doctors for Bob.
You're wanted...
You're wanted in the Mind Transference Center.
Doctors for Bob ear lobotomies perform cheap.
Doctors for Bob news from the Doctors for Bob show. Available only from the Doctors for Bob.
We now present Doctors...
Doctors for Bob. Doctors for Bob.
You're wanted in the Smith Jones reality wrap incision vision room.
Doctors for Bob.
Doctors for Bob. You're wanted in the tornadoes coming room.
Doctors for Bob. You're wanted on the electrical band aid.
Doctors for Bob. You're now available in the contact lens reality distortion center.
Doctors for Bob.
You're wanted in the
You're wanted in the
You're wanted...
You're wanted...
The
Thank you very much backside!
Good Horrible!
Good Horrible!
All because of Me.
I can't believe this.
You cut, you want to talk murder.
Everybody wants to talk murder.
God.
We're just faithless.
In all the times Dolphins played,
it is unlikely that we have ever had a champion or a foe
who could move the chances out so well
and was so little afraid of taking them.
And will Arnold Palmer decide to take a few chances in politics?
Yeah, Arnold, what's this?
What are the skills that he has in that kind of a career next?
Follow the balance.
That bleeding head.
The is-ness of the head.
The is-ness and the what-ness and the all-ness
and the whole being.
A generous sprinkling whiskey on the guy.
Yeah.
Covering the guy with whiskey.
He's drinking it.
That solution.
He's rubbing it.
Yeah.
He's got the blood.
Yeah.
He's got the problem.
He's got the problem.
He's rubbing the drop juice around the man's being annoyed.
But the man doesn't.
He's falling.
And when the head is falling, then I say,
Ha, ha, ha.
No head, neither head.
Ladies and gentlemen, we don't have anything else to go on screen right now.
We have to keep these people on screen.
I know that you are amazing.
No head, neither head.
Oh, now Sandy is upset.
President Sandy, upset in the background,
trying, attempting to scale the head.
19,000-foot head.
The convention has been disrupted by this renegade group.
This has to be as amazing as the attempted assassination of Bob late last year.
The groups have become as manageable.
Um.
Now the cities are together.
Trying to tell one head from the other at this point.
There's heads everywhere.
I mean, we've got no leadership at all.
Right.
You can well imagine the usual situation.
Right.
Bleeding head good, real head good.
We'll give it up.
We're just going to see if we can break these loose
and get them into the Gulf, the whole state.
There'll be a record inside, a little record,
so that you can play it and hear the songs and the prayers
and the beautiful rituals and hymns to Bob and the screams.
I see.
And there will be proof of UFOs and that kind of thing.
Yeah.
What about the Subcon 2 that was held recently in Chicago?
Could you tell us exactly what happened with the bleeding?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, sure.
The World Subgenius Convention 1982 was held in Chicago.
And the bleeding head of the World Cup golfer was launched.
Arnold's face spun through the air and landed on the building of the roof of the building next door.
So the world won't be coming to an end this year.
And the summer will last a little longer.
I think it's already over.
But the problem is, I don't know if you guys knew this,
but the women of the church of the subgenius overthrew the patriarch.
It's like, I don't even know why you're talking to me.
You ought to be talking to the great master of dominatrix, someone else,
who's downstairs in your throne chamber of exclamation.
And waiting for me to fix her a cup of coffee.
I see.
I see.
Seriously, the women overthrew the patriarchy of the church.
You showed that on film.
At this point, it's all just a sham.
I mean, us popes and high-end predictables can pretend all we want.
But you have the panier.
I'm going to babysit tonight, you know what I mean?
I see.
I see.
How has the church changed due to this new development?
I couldn't play.
I mean, the day-to-day life of the church.
Bob's dead and Bob Rose is taking command.
Yeah, I see.
Bob's not really dead.
He just lived.
But because you can't kill that witch.
He's now running in the back of the limousine.
Flames, but...
You know, it's real confusing on this end, just as much as it is on your end, as you can well imagine.
It's always been that way.
If you'll notice, one of the first gigantic shows we had there in Dallas, the first one we put on,
Jackie was not hit, and yet Jack was.
Of course, we in Puzzled Evidence have the actual photographs of Jackie being hit.
She was, of course, hit, and there was an argument between people in the car.
Yeah, as I understand, she was climbing over, getting onto the back of the car to make herself a better target,
that noble, noble woman.
No, she was scrambling for a piece of her brain.
It was shot out.
And see, she got her brain, but we didn't.
Dallas is a friendly town, and we'll try to cooperate with the snipers here.
We need the...
We need the trade.
We need the people coming in, and of course, the hotels are all set up now.
You don't have to use school book buildings, warehouses, anything like that.
You can work right out of your hotel room.
Okay, and I just want to...
A note to local callers.
We do see that you're on the board right now.
It's just that we want to complete this satellite call while the satellite's in the arc, and we'll get to you as soon as possible.
Oh, hi.
Thanks.
Yes.
Oh, we have more people there.
Hello.
This is who from Dallas?
Oh, hello.
How are you doing, JR?
I'm doing all right.
Doug, are you still with us?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
We've got a conference call here.
JR wants to talk to you.
JR, go ahead and speak to Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
How are you doing?
All right.
Yeah, you said Dallas was a slow town?
Slow?
No, nice little town.
Yeah, Dallas is a nice little hamlet, yeah.
Dallas is a money town.
I want you to know that.
Money.
Well, we know that, and...
Why do you think I'm here, Daddy-O?
This is the money town for any religious cult worth its salt.
I'll tell you.
All right.
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio.
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio.
It's a sunny moment and you feel it low.
You get hurt all over and you're moving so well.
People, here's something that you should know.
Tune us in on the radio, Dad.
We got charisma, we got style.
Well, people, we'll make you feel better for a while.
All right.
Put your hands, Put your hands on the radio!
Put your hands, Put your hands on the radio!
And here we are
at
the
Saggenius
convention, the World Subgenius Conclave.
Next year I think they'll be called the World Subgenius Party
because the Subwinis have pretty much
given up, I believe, according to spokesmen on the organizational idea.
That's the maids, the hotel maids here at the Radisson.
Bob just walked by just a few seconds ago.
We didn't get him on camera. I understand.
That is to be expected.
Oh, they're talking. There's Bob.
Bob's new health clinics are coming out
pretty soon. I think we should be seeing them in most major cities.
You've already seen the ads. The conventioneers are in the background
fighting.
Some having fun. Almost all of them drunk.
In some way.
It was
so far the convention has been much like
the first convention for the 15th. There seems to be
no... Here we are on camera 7. You can see some of the rituals starting up.
Some of the reporters
are...
Not all of the reporters have the security clearance that I do.
Being as I am a publicity manager
for doctors and Bob.
How about that's a heavy one.
Okay, here's a heavy one. This one's real heavy.
Jerome Palmer taught his sons to be more than just a good golfer.
A good golfer also had to be a certain kind of man.
In high school, for example, Arnie learned a very important lesson.
He missed a shot in the junior match.
He was very, very angry. Arnie's face turned
red and he picked up his golf and threw it over a bunch of trees.
Everyone who is observing us has fled.
They weren't listening to the words. That's the problem. Don't pay attention.
They think they've got to get in some damn hell ritual
or some kind of ritual or musical rhythm.
And they don't listen to the words at all.
Oh hell, their minds on dancing.
They want to dance. That's exactly it.
They don't want to lighten it. They want to move their damn feet.
Beer dancing. Your modern day sex.
Faithless. Faithless generation.
Universal creation. Self genocide.
They have to see a miracle for proof.
They demand proof.
Bob demands that we create those miracles.
Yeah!
But Mr. Palmer,
What can we do?
Hey!
Bob couldn't stop the aliens from killing me.
Bob can't save me.
But will he?
Don't count on it, Buc.
Bobby, Bobby, Bobby, Bobby, Bobby, Bobby, Bobby,
Dobbsey, Dobsey, Dobbsey, Dobsey, Dobs.
What is right in Bob's head?
there for me
Bye
Alphabets, of these alphabets
Alphabets
Doctor's perfect
Doctor's perfect
For everything real
In my life
In my life
I go black
The damn pickup didn't
Run over my wife
Doctor's perfect
That want that pick-up truck
On Friday
run over my wife!
That damn pickup truck run over my wife!
Doctors!
Doctors survive!
Doctors...
run it.
Doctors survive if you run it in the
Mind Incision Transplant Center.
Doctors survive if you run it in the
Nuclear Radiation Pickup Truck Zone.
Doctors survive if you run it in the
11-Hot Dog Seekerspeed.
Calling Doctors Survive.
Calling Doctors Survive.
Calling Doctors Survive.
They've got the flaming pipe that's ready.
They're there, they're getting it right up to the edge of the pipe.
There's Sterno, there's the Jader, and he's going like,
man, I want to get the tape of this later.
This guy, of course, really thinks he's going to be
shoved right in it, and that's going to be it, right?
Okay, they put his head down on the block.
I think he's got his golf clubs, he's got his iron,
he's holding the iron in his teeth.
This is a new development.
This really is.
Oh, look, he's putting one hand in his pocket.
Good Lord, like he does like it's real.
This is, I do this every day.
This is the first time he's ever had American clothes on.
And now Sterno raises the huge scimitar.
That thing must be seven feet long.
And they're building to a fever peach that
The legs say, they're saying right now, they're saying,
healed head, bad, bleeding head, good,
golfer must die.
Golfer must die.
Oh, look at that.
That's incredible.
That was beautiful.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Now he's got, he's holding up the head.
It's bleeding, see?
Oh, it's still, yeah.
Okay, he's putting it back on.
Yeah, there we go.
It bleeds on.
It bleeds on.
They're carrying the body off.
They do throw the body into the pipe.
Look, it's bubbling.
It's bubbling.
It's just, yeah.
There you go.
There goes the body.
All recycled back into the eco-space.
That's the neat thing about subgenius religion.
Look at that.
You can see in the water.
Yeah, there he goes.
Sternow really swings a mean scimitar, and I like that.
I like the way he carries it in the guitar case.
I think that's a real nice touch.
Yeah, okay.
He's got a lot more traditional style.
Yeah, there we go.
He's holding the head up.
It's still bleeding.
It will keep bleeding.
It will bleed for, until it needs to be done again, and once the dolorous stroke is administered
one more time.
One more donor.
One more.
Up beneath his torso.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
You can't use your brain to think about your religion.
You go into war.
This is the law.
That is the law.
What is the law?
Nobody's thinking about using their brain to create a new family.
You use your brain to think about a new family.
He says, you put those boxes up round, you're fired.
So you go home.
So you go home, and your mother's at the door.
And your mother looks up, and she says, you're fired.
















She says, I don't care what happened.
Where's the rent?
What were you doing, smoking pot again?
And you think you've lost it all.
And there's no place for you to go.
You've got no job.
You've got no home.
So you've got to use your brain and make a breakthrough.
Every time they knock you down, you've got to get back up.
That's the real thing.
That's real.
Sex hurt.
Hell, these people think sex hurt means tying them up.
Hell no.
You don't know what sex hurt is.
Misunderstanding, reading meaning into sex hurt.
It means what it is.
Sex until it hurts.
Until it hurts.
It pays the curse.
It pays Bob.
I mean, it's simple enough.
You can understand that.
Love them.
Love one another.
Anybody can understand that.
You don't have to go to school to understand that.
Take a little sore in your mouth.
You go to school and they take it away from you.
Too much love is better than not enough.
You've got to back.
You've got to back.
Then you're sure locked into business again.
You've got to backslide.
Then you let go.
Then you let go of the church.
Let go all the way.
Upside and downslide.
Slide into home.
If you want to avoid temptation, go at it.
Forticate like your very life depended on it.
By the way.
I have a lot of pills.
And if anybody would like to take a pill, I'd like to give them a pill right now.
Come up and be anointed, friends.
Well, now these are Dobbs type pills.
That means that each one's just got a slightly different grain to it.
Each one will hit you just a little different too.
Oh, friends, let's get ready.
He's got the pill in his mouth, friends.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.






Oh, yes, friends.
Another soul saved for Bob.
Oh, yes, friends.
To roll in the aisles.
To have a spiritual experience at your expense.
Oh, yes.
Jesus has taken still the church.
As he said in the nine-hour cleasing.
Well, fuck it.
Jesus has took off.
Fuckin' for Bob.
Jesus has taken still the church.
As he said in the nine-hour cleasing.
Five, six.
Jesus has taken still the church.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
A little girl came up on stage.
Right about.
And handed me a magazine article.
The title of that article, ladies and gentlemen, is Bob dead.
Hallelujah.
No.
Prosphemy.
Prosphemy.
If you think Bob is dead, just ask Connie.
Go on.
Do your own thing.
Do your own thing.
Go on.
Just do it.
Just have some time.
Get out of here.
Bob's dead.
It's true.
It's all right.
Maybe he's dead.
Maybe he's dead.
Sure.
My God.
My God.
The only person in this country who can print lies like this.
Is Bob dead?
Is Bob dead?
Is he?
No.
Is he even a little sick?
No.
Well, maybe a little sick.
No.
No.
Yes.
Yes.
Kill Bob.
Kill Bob.
Kill Bob.

Kill Bob.
Kill Bob.
Kill Bob.






As it is written in the book of fire, kill Bob Ecclesian, spy seven.
Jesus did take pills in church and he did kill Bob.
Heal head.
Heal head bad.
Bleeding head.
Good.
Good head.
Yeah.
Bleeding head good.
Yeah.
Sears catalog head.
Marine Catholic nun craved a boner.

Billionaire Navarro Palmer.
Those messages from the exes said,
on this paper, build a church.
That paper was a $10 bill.
And Bob went out and said, I want my army.
I want my army of subgeniuses.
So he went to the police station,
and he walked in there and he said,
how many of you people here will do whatever I tell you?
And three-fourths of them stood like this, one step.
And he looked at the other fourth and was going,
hey, I don't know.
You're subgeniuses, he said to them.
He went into the Pentagon, and he walked up to them,
and he said, how many of you are going to stand with me in my army?
And they all rose their hands, except for three janitors.
And he turned to the janitors and said, why didn't you do it?
He said, well, I don't want to join an army
unless the war is right and everything.
And Bob said, you're with me!
And the Church of the Subgenius was formed.
Now this, this is the fourth time I've ever been on a stage
in front of people in my life.
And Bob gave me the feeling to do that.
And he said, what do you mean by that?
And I said, well, I got something that makes me want to shout.
Fuck it!
I've got this funk that you can't hear.
It like comes over me and shouts all over me.
And it says, Mike, these people here are here for one reason,
and you are here for one reason, and that is to be
funkin', funkin', funkin' with Uncle Bob!
You better dance!
And me.
Un
baking está
Michael Flores twisted the little empty Tylenol capsule apart.
A fiendish grin spread over his puckish little face as he poured the cyanide into the empty Tylenol bottle, capsule, and recapped it and put it in the bottle along with all the others.
He he he he thought to himself, won't those innocent people with their headaches be surprised when they wake up dead two days from now.
It was the voices in his head.
No no no no no no!
I am not dead!
I am not dead!
I am not dead!
It's apparently like getting drunk or something.
Hold on, that was tentatively a convenience.
He is perhaps the most picturesque of all the subgeniuses here.
He tentatively has a very high standard of what is not art
and is trying to make sure that the convention itself is killed.
If not the convention itself, at least a few of the doctor men, the evil doctors.
There he's pumping up his synthesizer.
It's an air-controlled electronic synthesizer.
Oh my gosh, he hit start-up!
What the hell is playing?
We don't want to record a video
I don't want to record a video
I don't want to record a video
I don't want to record a video
We don't want to record a video
I bought the slow and cut slow
I bought the slow and cut slow
I bought the slow and cut slow
I'm too tired to sing this drivel
Close my eyes and lead me away
I mean I like the music
But what's this done this joy?
I bought the slow and cut slow
I bought the slow and cut slow
Well, it is legal around here.
Round about.
But of course, wisdom does not depend on drugs.
Yay, the sacred herb, Havafrop Zipulop,
that is found on the graves of the Tibetan wise man
in those small white bundles.
Well, that's the kind of thing that many,
and I don't mean those...
Opium?
The white bundles that you find here in...
Oh, opium. Well, that's getting to golf.
There you've got Arnold Palmer, the head of the sub-D.
About whom we used to be apathetic, but now we just don't care.
Right. We'll be seeing the bloody head launching in just a little while, actually.
We have a lot.
We have several Arnold Palmer drugs.
We have training films, too, for those of you into hardcore rough and green maintenance.
Right, hardcore rough and tumble, Arnold Palmer.
Later on, we'll be having on video cam three,
the best out of two of three falls with Arnold himself.
Volunteer girls from the audience will be coming up and taking their turns with Arnold.
Why spoil the beauty of the thing for legality's sake?
Remember, kids, nothing is illegal if 100 sub-Guinea businessmen decide to do it.
That's right.
And we had that wonderful tape where you saw the...
young, naked, nubile maidens wrestling with Arnold Palmer's bloody head.
No heads, no heads!
We want heads!
Both heads are being held hostage in one room in this hotel, and nobody knows which.
They're in the closet, they're in a sack, and you don't know where.
There ain't no bobs here, they're all dicks.
Go on!
No heads, no heads!
There ain't no bobs here, they're all dicks.
Dicks for Bob! No heads!
No heads, no heads!
Demand no heads!
I've been the possessor of the head for the past...
oh, since I was in eighth grade.
It was originally my dad's head.
Dottie came up to me and asked me if she could borrow the head for a minute.
And I said, yes.
But I say...
Wait a second, wait a second.
I say, you can have the head!
You can have the head!
I don't want it!
It's a curse!
It's a horrible curse that's been with me for the past...
all my life.
That I absolved myself from Spice Building for the head!
The curse be on you!
You are the curse of the head!
Flores is trying to make like...
Flores is desperately trying to break up with the cash register where the people have been paying to get in.
He's not the only one, but he's...
Looks like he's got a gun, yes?
I feel like they're holding him off.
They're trying to...
Flores is convinced.
From what I can understand, Flores set this up with tentatively inconvenience.
All the violence, the nudity, that was LSD that was being given away.
Buck Naked was giving away capsules with very, very high doses of LSD inside them.
We believe it's LSD.
I don't think it's the legendary froth.
Oh, wait.
Hold it.
We'll have to tune out now.
We're like a needy town.
Is Senator Kenny here for the interrogation?
I guess not.
Well, you guys, this is the panel discussion.
Science does not remove the terror of the gods, especially the elder gods.
The gods seem to get crankier with age.
More forbidding all the time.
More vengeful.
More dangerous.
Get your damn foot off Bob's head.
Put your feet on Bob's head.
I got a case of boozeys up in the room and I figure we ought to load them up, go over to the science fiction convention and just chill them all.
Kill them, then.
Chill, kill, kill.
Chill them, goddamn.
Don't run a hundred bag of vile faves.
You can only go to Dobby Town and kill them without asking for it.
You suck-ass, goddamn new wave science fiction weirdos.
Ah!
Poor ear of Bob's.
Yeah, yeah.
Who cares about him?
He's just shit.
I heard some strange things about him.
He's just shit.
No, there will be no panel peeing.
It's not in the schedule.
Juvenile urination.
Can't we?
Can't we?
Nasty doctors.
Those doctors always talk about pee and gross stuff like that.
I always talk about real childish.
Childish doctors.
Stevia.
Doctors for stool examinations.
Stool examinations.
Bone cancer surgeons for Bob.
P.C.'s dissection.
P.C.'s dissection urologist.
I've got two dogs.
Surgeons for Robert.
Tec-3 Technicians for Bob.
Yodlers for Bob.
Zitcreme sellers for Bob.
Pants for Bob.
Toothless for Bob.
Baby snatchers for Bob.
Ah, alright the, uh, procession has started up.
They're reeling, the women are bringing the dead corpse of Sterdo Kieckhaver into the,
into, people are laughing.
I can't believe it.
They don't believe he's dead.
They think this is all a plot.
The Reverend Janor Hypercleets from Little Rock, Arkansas,
tried to make it all a little clearer to me
with his own explanation of his conversion into the Church of the Subgenius.
They said this jar was my mind, and then they poured it down a sink.
Run that by me again? What do you mean?
I don't know.
Has anybody got any Tylenol?
I just need a couple of extra straight tabs to get off.
I've got some of those 15-year-old Tylenol here.
Maybe if we soak them in that leftover Kool-Aid
from that other religious experiment, we can have some luck with them.
Sounds like a Tylenol party, sure.
I'm always up for a Tylenol party.
Because, you know, I don't want to run into Paul.
I don't want to run into Paul.
I don't want no Yaka Tisa.
I don't want no Subdinis.
And I predict that our local American doctors will go on strike
and be replaced by African witch doctors.
We're splashing liberation right around the world, and we'll die to do it.
Everybody sing of Arnold Palmer, and he can set you free.
Bring in a Arnold Palmer.
He'll stand up for me.
He'll stand up for me.
Bring in Arnold Palmer.
He'll stand up for me.
Come on, sing up.
How are you going to start this war if we don't sing?
How are we going to start this Vietnam War?
Put the church right down the middle, friends.
It's what the church needs.
Put the church right in twain.
You're talking Trevino.
You can just back your cart out of here.
You're talking Trevino.
I prefer basketball myself.
They say he's a golfer.
They constantly know a golfer.
I remember I was watching TV in 1967,
Master's Tournament, third hole.
I saw him miss a shot about like this.
I couldn't believe it.
They say he's a golfer.
If this was indeed an extraterrestrial spacecraft with living occupants,
it must have been very disconcerting for them
to cross millions of miles of space
only to be hit on the head with rotten orange.
Subdinis.
Subdinis, right.
Subdinis, yes.
They grant wishes.
Well, kind of, yeah.
Subdinis.
Yeah, the right question.
Subdinis.
Yeah, or they give you spells, or they can bring on problems like sickness,
world problems, death, drugs, pain, perversion.
Subdinis.
Or they can occasionally go out and just get spaced out and dingy,
as the young people say today.
By 1950, some of these characters were beginning to spin their stories
of fantastic conversations with alleged space people.
Subdinis.
Subdinis.
Subdinis.


Rob ads them.
Subdinis.
Another young man chop down subChaetti Wakestreet a made it very
busy crazy time by models at DOA.
Cute faith hash.
strangest taxpayers from months on when the dog.
Subdinis.
You won't be fooling me.
Subdinis.


Coordinator agreeable.
Medical Director.
ورicette.
Well, being the saint of sails, he's going to be wheeling and dealing the fate of the earth with these beings that are so technologically advanced they've gone beyond technology and they're more like gods.
They wiped out the dinosaurs on a picnic 63 million years ago, which was about the same time that they planted the seeds of the human race and the subgenius race, which are, by the way, two separate races.
Once again, the main point is...
There's hope for slack in these coming end times. That's exactly why we're here in Berkeley tonight.
Now, what is this fabled slack once of you speaketh?
Slack, Bob, is... Slack, I guess you'd say, is the absolute and total absence of any stress whatsoever.
It's the highest state that man can try to reach in his spiritual or carnal quests.
We're here to...
We're here to spread the word of Dobbs, which, of course, is the main path to slack that the people need.
If the last 50 years made such a change, just imagine the New York of 1980, when everyone has a number instead of a name, and the government tells you whom you should marry.
Just imagine 1980.
Things are completely out of hand here at the convention.
Let's go!
Mass panic.
Royal heaving.
Now the security forces are attempting to clear the hall.
I want to thank the ladies for one of the best moves that has brought this convention back to life.
It's the sex head war.
But you cannot get away from this power.
Just listening to what I'm telling you now can be the turning point in your life.
Hello.
Thanks, old one.
You will die.
You will die.
All she needs is somebody who'll die.
She's a terrible woman.
Yeah, well, a decapitation is usually necessary to join the church, to find yourself within the church.
Ah, but once the head is lost, the head is found.
That's right. Bleeding head good, healed head bad.
Yeah, that's right.
That's the Arnold Palmer cult theme.
For those golfers out there who may be interested in the Trevino-ist theory of lawn maintenance and green tending,
we'll tune in later for a live broadcast from the 14th hole of the Pill Beach Golf Course.
And we do want to differentiate between the live Arnold Palmer, the Trevino-ist, and the Church of Vic Morrow.
Indeed.
Somebody who's died.
I myself killed some 15,000.
We will discontinue this.
We'll do the interview to check the quality of the recordings.
We switch you to the 16th tee, where we'll show you in slow motion Arnold Palmer, U.S. opium champion.
Somebody who'll die.
And everything else is at subgenius.com,
because this is the Hour of Slack, and it's the Church of the Subgenius,
and our new official post office box,
well, it's the old Cleveland Heights post office box,
uh,
the Texas Austin office had to move,
so now we're at post office box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
www.subgenius.com
Is that bucket?
Is that bucket, Jones?
Turn it on.
How you gonna fuck it?
Look at that dick!
Look at that dick!
He got back!
How you gonna fuck it, Jones?
It's hard!
How do I do it?
Coming back!
Can't!
And Jones didn't fuck Wanda's dick!
He technically fucking Wanda's pussy!
And Wanda's fuckshat on Jones' shit!
Fuckly!
Hell, all he needs is a couple of six-packs of beer,
a four-wheel drive,
and six orifices,
and gin and jam,
for Dr. Surabab,
for the band that has the musical question.
Get large amounts of LSD being combined with hard liquor to produce bad results.
And the answer is a resounding no.
You can just get off our fucking game, motherfucker.
