Hour of Slack, sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack at URW is specially designed only to be made on radio station and only in the city of...
Dave, some people think that we're evolved from whales.
Who thinks that we're evolved from whales?
Aliens.
Aliens think that they...
They think that we are evolved from whales, and they've been giving Bob a hard time about that.
I don't know. I don't understand that.
Well, even as a fructose child, with our gathered blitherings as we sat and watched the cranial tube,
there was Mr. Science telling us that an early date and time, one mammal hit the road and the other one hit the swimming pool.
So there is a strong belief in our common ancestral things.
They often say that the pitches that seals here and the habits and social...
Order of seals is very much similar to a dog.
So to call a sealist a dog is not as unusual as one might think.
It's not as brad, but it's a normalistic...
Oh, yeah!
Stand aside, Slade.
Right, you got me, too.
Stand up, stand aside.
Here we go.
Yee-haw!
Your vision is going to be altered, but not by the standard operating methods used in so many historical events in the past.
It's a new, modern method developed here at our laboratories.
Here at our...
Point of text.
Point of text is important for a man who's developed these systems over years and years of trial and error.
So the next time you plug in and go online,
you're about to...
You're about to see anything you want to see as long as you've still got the visual context with which to do it.
That means operating eyeballs and your other four senses.
Outside of that, you're going to be left very, very alone.
I am dry, baby.
You don't mind being dry, and some of you don't mind being high.
Of course, the understanding was that someday you'd be able to come down.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
And that to be high without lubrication is to be high as...
In a sarcophagus awaiting one's second smotherment at the end of time.
It...
Well, I think we're just about ready to take calls here on the victory line.
Now, between the hours of 2.23 in the morning and 3.45 in the morning,
we're going to be receiving special gamma ray...
...from your gamma and gamma.
They're deep in the cosmic sweaty poop.
We're going to be taking them all on to our prefrontal areas,
and we're going to be sucking them down through the diaphragm,
shown here and given to you by Nurse Cobb and some of the other nurse helpers.
For those of you who can no longer sweat and whose pores are now closed by the duck ointments passed out earlier,
those of you who passed out will find themselves in a very, very safe...
...place.
And, friend, you can be safe, too, if you'll just give your mind, wallet, and heart over to J.R. Bob Dogg
and his Church of the Subgenius, yes?
You, too, can be clean.
Clean, clean, clean, like Dave here.
Yes, much like Dave.
All smooth and beautiful.
Vegetables cleaned and cluttered.
Like an eggplant.
Like a crisp array of sonny below the fryer.
Your brain doesn't need to be all wrinkled and confluent.
It's not polluted anymore.
Nay, nay, nay, nay.
It could be clean.
It's better that way, doesn't it?
Now, now, now that you've given over that $30 check to Bob,
you are in our clutches.
Great.
Now, now, now, now.
You're in our control.
Right under our control.
Well, now that we've got him, what do we do with him?
You're done.
You're done.
Dave?
I say we eliminate all the fat vesicles from their knees and from their calves.
We make the pores on the top of their head much bigger than the ones on their nose, so
for next time they pick a pimple, their brains explode.
I say we fry them.
I say we kick them into joy juice and poop them out later.
I say we...
I say we...
We...
We...

We...


We...
We...
We...
We...
We...
We...
Well, that's a description for greatness.
I heard one here on the subgenius radio network.
That was an idea whose time has come in its pants and your head.
That's an idea whose fruition has gone smelly.
And that's what I mean when I say we keep on the conversation in photos, our brain demands

I'd like to supply some of our subliminal listeners with some exercises for the upcoming week.
First week.
Beginning on Wednesday.
Those with the blue sticker on the back of the freight dungarees.
You cannot wash off.
Remember, it is your time for free food at the mall.
Don't ask.
Don't pay.
Take it.
It's being taken care of by our friends at...
What did I say, the man?
At WCSB in Cleveland.
Yeah, yeah, right.
None of those places near Washington.
Oh, praise Bob, my friends.
Praise.
Praise that man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
This is going to be one of those happy, tossed-together, thrown-up hours of slack.
Because, my friend, my behind is behind Dragon.
Because we just got back from that weirdo festival, Starwood.
Also held at Brushwood in rural New York.
Like our Phil Saiten 4X Day.
Day of the First Trojan.
So I'm swamped in recordings from those live concerts.
And those souls surfing.
D-Vitals, friends, safing souls from their selves.
Ah, yes.
But, friends, those things take time to cut.
I've got to do a lot of up-cutting before those fine, filthy rants can be played.
And my mail is behind.
My behind's behind, friends.
Over behind that trash bin there.
Full of stuff and fish.
And so, so, my friend, for your delectification and mental indelibility,
I'm just going to whip together anything old or new that happens to already be laying around here all digitized.
And next week, there'll be more of XXXX Day.
And Starwood.
And the such-like.
But.
But like I say, I've got to catch up.
I've got a lot to catch up on.
And, friends, to do that quickly, I'm going to read to you from something I don't have to worry about cutting cuss words from.
And that's a Christian publication.
It was sent to me by my good friend, Dr. Lake Hume.
This publication called The Answer to Raptures by the great pastor, Harry Walter.
And my copy is an autograph, my friends.
Thanks to Dr. Lake Hume, who is helping Mr. Walter on his website.
This is completely sincere.
Not a subgenius takeoff or anything.
This is the real thing from a great Christian preacher who's explaining what lays in store for the believers of our nation during the tribulation and the end times to come.
As predicted not only in the Bible, but, friends, also in the book of the subgenius.
Yes, the book of Bob has predicted these very same things that Pastor Walter, from a completely different direction, discovered.
Yes.
Also true, friends, because as he says here on page 96, as the satanic Luciferian forces are getting things ready,
then the Christians will be tossed into their death chambers.
No doubt they will be stripped naked and kept in handcuffs so they cannot resist what is soon to come later on.
They will probably be fed nothing, nor given any water, and they will have to lay in their own feces,
and urine, possibly stale bread, will be thrown onto the floor,
and possibly water will be sprayed in with hoses so that they are forced to lap it up as dogs amidst the urine,
wasted blood from injuries and many new illustrations.
But who will be the future prison guards, friends?
Who will be the most sadistic, sick, and savage ex-prisoners, ex-Christians, become the new prisoners?
Of course, the most brutal, rapist, murderers, and perverts will be assigned to take care of the Christians.
No doubt, Christians will be selected for daily beatings and tortures.
Select girls, boys, and women will be chosen for sexual rapes in front of all.
Pregnant women will no doubt be booted several times in the stomachs to prevent the birth of another Christian.
My friends, this is prophecy from a Christian publication.
The answer to raptures by Harry Walford.
And the answer to the question of the Bible.
And of Philadelphia, the city of brotherly love, my friend.
And, oh, friend, wait until you hear this next section coming right up.
Christians will be led to their deaths.
They will be taken to the giant sports stadiums and complexes of the world,
such as the Los Angeles Coliseum, the Houston Astrodome, the Madison Square Park Gardens,
a veteran's stadium in Philadelphia, the Roman Coliseum, and great soccer stadiums of Europe,
all naked and handcuffed, beaten and abused.
And before the Luciferic juries and the field stadiums,
Christians will be given their last chance to worship Satan as God
and take the Satanic initiation 666 or be put to death.
And the method of death will be decapitation, beheading, as we're told in Revelation chapter 20.
Why beheading? Because when the cartoroid arteries in your neck are severed,
the blood literally spurts out everywhere.
And sometimes your head is alive.
For up to 10 to 15 seconds, looking around at a Satanic stadium, cheering madly.
And then you are gone.
This terrifying form of death is perfectly designed to terrify the Christian
as he or she is carried to the Satanic altar.
And no doubt, as they are led to slaughter in these giant sports stadiums,
the rock bands will be blaring away some Satanic tune, possibly the old Rolling Stones classic.
The devil will be the one to be slain.
Led Zeppelin's A Whole Lotta Love, the Emerson, Lake and Palmer classic of Jerusalem,
Atlantis by Donovan or possibly even Pat Benatar's We Are Invincible.
Maybe they will even slice or chop the heads off of Christians in synchronicity to the beat of the rock bands.
So, my friend, for three and a half years, blood shall flow through the streets of the world.
Today, the blood on this book cover, The Answer, by Harry Walters, is only simulated ink.
One day in the future, it shall be real human blood, the blood of the saints and possibly even your own blood.
Ah, yes.
I already know your name.
Yeah, yeah.
We've walked around and seen you, your eyes.
Don't worry, no one lies in vain.
I'm gonna cry for the death of the man.
And the victory reigns and the right is back.
We are gonna continue now.
We hope that you don't die.
Oh, yes, my baby.
Oh, it's lovely to meet you.
And you're my heaven.
Oh, yeah.
We hope that you don't die.
Oh, yes, my baby.
Oh, yes, my baby.
Oh, yes, my baby.
Oh, yes, my baby.
Oh, well, we'll see about that.
We meet and сердö should be e Olha, loveanAND
We should shut him up, of Gosa
Opa pulau?
She's still rejected me,



A dustman like this,
is like that soul.

Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Oh, friends, it was a spectacle.
All those half-naked and half-covered human and subgenius creatures
all mingled together in a strange spectacle of violence and love
all mingled in X-Day Drill the 4th, 4X Day.
Oh, praise God.
Oh, my God.
My Bob, my slack galore.
Friend, won't you join us on July 5th, 2002
when the world will surely end and we'll all be lifted up.
Praise Bob.
Praise Einstein Secret Orchestra.
Chaz Smith on keyboards.
Bob Mosick on drums.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave on lead guitar.
John Petkovic on lead guitar.
Actually, Dave on rhythm guitar.
Well, it depends.
And Michelle George on electric violin.
And Nikki on bass.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.





Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.








Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
I'm a hero, I'm a hero, I'm a hero, I'm a hero
Maniacal sickness
Some genius mountains
Annihilated fate
We're heading to hell, gang
Our holy land will be
The time to leave, hey
Sleep, hey, sleep, hey
Sleep, hey, sleep, hey
Hey, hey, to the devil's salvation
Hey, hey, to the dreamin' hell
Hey, hey, to the reincarnation
Hey, hey, to the broken hell
This life is in the past
The harlequin heaven, here it lasts
Immortal forms for us to bear
Stop genius and affair
As the fighters lose
Work, tribulation, and true sex hurts
You the harlequin took the truth
All has a plan for you
Hey, hey, to the devil's salvation
Hey, hey, to the dreamin' hell
Hey, hey, to the reincarnation
Hey, hey, to the broken hell
Transcend your next plane
Higher goals to attain
As God, you've left behind
Super universe, unwind!
A tempest day shuns
Tremors!
Every temptation's overindulgent
There's a key, a surefire guarantee
Once you've proven your worth
You'll begin the rebirth
To the super universe
In which you will immerse
Now you're here to turn back
This is where your facts will slack
Nothing left to hide
Now you're on the inside
Put them to the forehand
And the truth comes straight ahead
All the myths and sub-divines
Bring it to the punchline
Hey, hey, to the devil's salvation
Hey, hey, to the dreamin' hell
Hey, hey, to the reincarnation
Hey, hey, to the broken hell
Hey, hey, to the devil's salvation
Hey, hey, to the dreamin' hell
Hey, hey, to the dreamin' hell
Hey, hey, to the reincarnation
Hey, hey, to the rollin' out hell
We're었습니다
Mira wnysimento
Workout Of Diabetes
The best rock of all I'll ever do
Just to get to work
Sleep in your dreams
But I swear I'll never get out of this spell
by checking out www.minitru.org.
M-I-N-I-T-R-U dot org.
Oh, yes.
What else have we been hearing tonight, friends?
Oh, I know what we should listen to
is Save Your Soul for Bob
by the El Queso All-Stars.
Friends, stay tuned for this lovely, lovely piece of work.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Save your soul for Bob
is the name of that fine-flavored piece
there by the El Queso All-Stars.
And you can get more of their material by looking at www.mp3.com slash El Queso All Stars.
Or for that matter, you can check out www.mp3.com slash Saint N for Saint N.
You know, friends, we're Saint N-ick around here.
We will lead this damn nation to damn nation, as Dr. LeGames said.
We will lead this nation to damn nation.
Those weren't his real eyes. Those were the subgenius fake 3D eyes that he bought from Stank.
Or not, he didn't buy them from Stank. Stank approved them and sold them and endorsed them.
Hey, look, you guys do your business. I'll do my business.
Let me get reelected fair and square.
And I'll keep my mouth shut.
I'm sure you guys have stuff on me.
You keep your mouth shut, everything will be fine.
I got those ne'er-do-wells and have-nots to vote for me.
Because they thought I cared.
But I'm with you guys. I know the way the world really works.
I know how it makes the world turn.
I am so glad that you masons and Disney CEOs and people let me into the circle.
It's a good thing.
It's a good thing.
And we're proud to have you, too.
I'm also glad that Mr. Rockefeller died and made a place for me.
That's a nice chair you're occupying, too.
Don't remember, there's a lot of tradition in that chair, Mr. Stank.
Believe me, I know it. I've done my homework.
And you can bet that the Church of the Subgenius will happily work with the conspiracy from now on.
Of course, we're going to make a lot more money if we can maintain our anti-conspiracy conspiracy image.
You know, I mean, I assume that's why you brought us in.
Just a minute, Mr. Stank. Could you please just sit down?
You're making some of the members of the team a little uncomfortable.
We certainly appreciate your attitude.
We're not monthly sort of behavior around here, boys.
Sorry, Colonel North.
Just relax.
We'd like to talk to you about some of your other activities.
You see, Mr. Pipe Mill and Mr. Crack Tuber,
they feel that some of your activities are encroaching on Will Halliday.
Oh, the gangsters, eh?
Encroaching on their turf, so to speak.
Uh, could you clarify that? I, uh, don't...
Wally, just sit down. Not now. Please put it away.
I'm sure we can work things out.
Well, we're definitely going to work things out now, Reverend Stank.
You see, uh, according to our figures,
you owe the conspiracy a lot of money.
What? But I owe the conspiracy?
I thought you guys were going to be paying me.
For a lot of airports, yes.
I gave you our mailing list.
Our mailing list doesn't pay our bills, Mr. Stank.
You know what kind of company you're sitting with.
The men next to you, these are men of power and wealth.
Now, you've dared to join our fraternity.
We've honored you.
The idea, and we've accepted you in our midst.
You're going to have to make amends.
You're going to have to do something about all this money you owe us.
What? What?
Now, wait a minute. What kind of...
You've got three weeks, Mr. Stank.
How have I encroached on you?
You're on the turf of any large conspiracy conglomerate.
The church had its own market.
It was completely different.
I'm sorry, Mr. Stank.
You're going to have to come up with money.
We paid our taxes.
Please respond.
It's the same way you guys do.
Now, come on.
Hey, we're in the circle.
You can...
Come on.
Come along.
Come along, Reverend Stank.
Let's go now.
Hey, Reverend.
Hey, Reverend.
How come you look so forlorn, man?
What you doing walking out of that alley anyway?
Oh, I'm feeling real goofy there, Dave.
Yeah, you don't look so good, buddy.
Oh, everything's okay, I guess.
You look like the world's on your shoulders, man.
Like a whole mess of trouble or something.
Like the weight of the world on your shoulders.
Yeah, well, you know when they talk about the man?
Yeah?
Well, I met the man just now.
What?
You know...
The man?
Yeah, the man.
And he said we owed him a whole lot of money, Dave.
What do you mean, we, King of Zombies?
Well, the church.
The church?
Yeah.
Owes the man?
Yeah.
Geez.
Everything we've got.
So, let me see your wallet, Dave.
I was just going to try and hit you up for a cup of soup, buddy.
Well, we don't...
Come on.
I gave you the office.
Come on, you.
Now fork it over.
Hey, look.
If you're a Dutch to the man, you know my 25 cents ain't going to be on a nun's belt.
Well, you've probably got a point.
But I'll tell you what.
Do some more panhandling and whatever you come up with.
But tonight, we'll let you live if you give it all to us.
Yeah.
It should be five or six bucks.
That'll be a start.
Damn.
Yeah, sure.
That sounds great.
Let me live.
Hey, hey, hey.
These guys are making me this broken down...
This bill is broken down.
Let's see.
For mind control, seven and a half billion dollars.


But I'm sure they spend eight and a half billion dollars for sabotage of computers
worldwide.
Let's see.
Eight and a half billion dollars.
How are we gonna pay him?
All the lonesome cowboy days in the world wouldn't be able to pay off this debt.
I wonder if they'll take it in souls.
But even then, we probably don't have more than about seven or eight bill.
Maybe it's time to let it go.















to use one of those four little Ukrainian nuclear weapons.
One of the federal built.
No, they did that already.
Damn.
This is your stop, sir.
Jim.
Sir, if Jim is off the bus, please get up, Jim.
I don't have anywhere to go.
I used to be world overlord.
I was president for five minutes.
I was in the circle of tens in your vault.
I know the seven demons for what they was.
And I know J.R. Bob knows.
I'll tell your story for 50 cents.
I'll listen to him.
I'll hold this sign for liquor.
He's been hot and old in the conspiracy.
I've run for the years.
I've been staying.
I was on the escape vessels for the crash.
I was given a special.
I wrote the most pamphlet number one in 1979.
I was there when J.R. Bob Dobbs was shot in the San Francisco theater.
There's a weird thing, though.
I've seen their pamphlets.
Just listen to them go on.
I was there when J.R. Hypercleats first launched the bleep.
I was a world overlord or Bob or something.
I was elected president.
1996.
Then lost it all in gambling on drugs.
I was Robert Ivan Stang's host of stage screen and radio.
No, he's on his last leg.
Never did make it to television.
But now I'm starting to take a nap.
I'm starting to wave.
Believe me, son.
I fought the conspiracy just like you.
I fought harder than anybody.
I'm going to show you this withered up old card.
Of course, first chance.
30 bucks is.
30 bucks.
I'm first.
First chance I got.
I joined them, of course.
Thought I didn't infiltrate.
Make Bob world overlord.
Just a bit off more than I could chew.
Give me a lesson to you.
Now, can you hand me.
Can you loan me.
I just got to get to the bus.
Get the bus back to my house.
I just loaned some old bum.
The last 50 cents.
He didn't loan me like 50, maybe dollars.
You don't have to have five, do you?
Because I'll pay you back.
Sit down, old son.
I was.
Let me stroke your gray head.
No.
I was.
You haven't washed your hair in a long time.
I was the first one to do the dog's head to the police fight.
And my hand dropped.
I was the first.
I will give you your money.
And I will drive you down to the edge of the old graveyard.
And leave you off.
And whatever.
Whatever sort of way you can make on your own.
Then you can do.
You ain't going to cart me off to the glue factory yet.
No, no.
Not the glue factory.
Just the cemetery.
It's a fine deal.
Take it, son.
You know, it just ain't fair.
Nothing's fair.
You trudged through life doing the best you can.
What's it all for?
You're getting the car.
Yeah.
Stars up there in Brooklyn shining away in the void.
Oh.
So this is it, man.
I should have believed in Jesus when I had the chance.
I asked him into my heart once.
He never showed up.
He broke the date.
Just shut up, old man.
We got four more hours to drive before we get to Philly.
I don't want to hear nothing more about the church.
It is some genius.
I need to use the bathroom.
Pull over next stop.
Yeah.
That's the last time we're going to pull over for you.
The next time I'm going to piss a whip your hair.
Now shut up, old Tyler.
Oh, my God.
There's no respect for a holy man no more.
You actually believe all that stuff about Bob he's talking?
Well, don't you talk bad on Bob.
Hey, listen.
I told you to pipe down that thing.
I don't know about Bob.



He was.
Oh.
Where's my teeth?
Where's my teeth?
He's not my teeth.
I can't see nothing.
What are we going to do with him?
Man, I can't stand all this blitting all the way to Kansas City.
We're going backwards now.
Let him off at a rest stop or something.
Buy him a hamburger.
Do anything.
Get rid of him.
It's no kind of a world for an old man no more.
Yeah, well.
Men flying around the moon.
Yeah.
Pay no attention to the troubles down here on Earth.
You'll find it one day, old guy.
Just get doping after.
He thinks people are flying around the moon.
Shut up, will ya?
No.
Don't leave me.
You've only been on about 14 planets.
I'm just an old man.
I once owned 14 planets.
And then I lost it all.
Lost my faith in Bob.
You lost your teeth.
You lost your watch.
Let me tell you about the sun.
You don't shut up.
You're going to lose a lot more than that.
You're standing down at 44.
Now, shut up.
There's probably more planets than there are atoms in the universe.
You've only been on one.
Come on.
I met Colin Powell in his head.
I knowed all the world leaders briefly back then and not to that extent anymore.
Hey, give him a colon warmer.
I used to live at the mall.
Pass him the colon warmer, will ya, please, before he expires in the back seat.
I used to live at the mall, too, man.
Life 101.
You flunk.
You're a fucking moron.
You're a fucking moron.
monsieur
Başox

Archipelago
dio

The Archre están atrás
Jaws
Fat creature
nurtures
La hoping
The apple
The cannon
Whip
The financially
TheGame
TheLife
or young woman out there driving down euclid lost hopeless looking for something seeking something
tried scientology it was too stupid i want fun tried tried tv it was too stupid tried real life
it was too hard well you can escape from all of those things into your own fantasy world your own
delusions you don't need a life join the church of the subgenius thank you
my
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

It's alright, Ma.
My Bob Dylan.
One of them Bobs.
Oh, sure. It's call-in time.
It's always call-in time when it's in Bob time.
And here in Jinky Town, when the bells go off, it's always call time.
We're waiting for our first caller all the way from Topeka, Kwasniewski.
She's a man-woman with three eyes, each one distantly located and related to another cousin who's not present now.
The man has been accused of indecent behavior with his own personality.
And here she is now.
Now, what's the squeaky noise, babe?
What's that noise?
Is that Evangela?
Hi.
Hi.
The beautiful Evangela, star of this year's new Connie White calendar.
The star.
I'm just eating these cheese curls and they're making me so stupid.
Well, they do that if they've been dipped in the wrong substance.
Wait a minute, wait a minute. Cheese curls make you stupid?
Yes, they do.
Where do you get those?
At the dollar store.
It's the dip that does it.
The girl at the counter was like, mmm, you buying some cheese curls and lollipops? Them are my favorites.
It works.
That's because of the Alsatian wig.
You see, a woman like that will give you any kind of strange advice just to pass the time with you.
You thought she was giving you some sort of grand directive for the future.
But in reality, she was just trying to bring you down.
When we ate them, we got stupid.
And then we were very, very tired.
And I'm starting to wonder if it's the cheese curls that are sold to stupid people.
Or if the stupid people just buy the cheese curls because they're stupid.
You know, yeah, there may be a...
Stupid people.
We may have cause and effect.
Completely reversed there.
I'll thankfully sell you the cheese curls.
I never can quite tell anymore.
Well, that's what I like about those chips and about being stupid.
You know, when you're stupid, the beautiful and blessed thing is you don't even know.
No.
Or you might have sort of an inkling, but you don't have enough in there to get all upset about.
You think you're stupid and really think you are so hard that you become stupid or realize you were for a while there.
Well, here's the point.
Well, here's the point.
We can work towards that.
I think what happened was Evangeline and her friend.
I mean, Evangeline.
Evangeline.
I know, I know.
I like Evangeline because I like that name.
That's fine.
So I'll never say that again.
I'm sorry.
But anyway, Evangeline and her friend...
I'm going to kill you!
...bought the cheese curls in the hope of becoming either brighter or less liquid.
And at the same time, while the sponges were decaying, they placed little droplets in their heads, right?
That's the first part, part A.
Usually it's called or entitled sometimes.
And then the second part was...
...thought they were stupid.
After consuming the materials.
Here's the point that you just made, Stan, without even knowing.
As you notice, the little bell's gone off and it's time to make another charity donation.
But first, before we go on to that, I have to say that you just thought you were stupid because you were stupider in the beginning.
And after you ate them, you became aware of it.
And therefore, those cheese curls made you smarter.
You mean...
Wow.
Wow.
I didn't even know I was stupid until I...
Ate them.
...got smart enough to know that I'm temporary.
...that I was stupid.
Eating human hair will make you stupider or smarter, too.
You know, I think that's how the book of the subgenius got put together.
Do you eat human hair on some cowboy days?
Well, off of a diaphragm that's been recently used.
When I eat the hair of my enemy, I gain his hair, his mighty course.
I lick their paws.
The paws of my enemies.
The sweat makes me sweat like a glistening uber...
And if you eat the hair of your enemy while he's still alive...
...I want to go to the store and buy more cheese curls because...
...they make me feel very funny in the head and stupid.
When you talk to Evangela that way...
Is that Evangela?
...that really makes her condition worse.
Was that Evangela?
You're not making things better when you talk to her.
It hurts down there in the head.
It hurts way down there in the head.
It often hurts down there in the head if you don't take the proper precautions or use the proper headgear.
And that's a lesson we learned in third grade.
And the third grade is?
Oil lever condition.
Oil lever condition.
Correct.
Did you take your oil protection?
I took my protective hat off Evangela.
I left my hat at the store and the pink hat was there until we came back...
...but then it was in the back seat of the car.
Speaking of tarts...
Temporal dislocation.
She's losing time as well as to her memory because of the curls.
And I think now she probably was eating rodent hair instead of cheese.
No, I'm eating Nutella.
You're eating a color right now?
Nutella. Nutella. Nutella.
I thought you were eating a color like you were consuming red or...
...smoking blue or whatever.
I hear ice cream.
You hear ice cream?
I see music.
Isn't it a pleasure to hang out with these dyslexic children at all hours of the morning,
especially when you've got a paralytic condition that keeps you awake?
I mean, it's not...
I'm sorry.
Wait, who?
Well, no, I just noticed...
Are you saying something?
I'm saying that you should wear that bracelet that they gave you.
Are you saying the words?
Is that a word?
A word?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't understand.
How could you understand anything?
But come on now, you're...
It's so big.
Oh, thanks.
Well, you know, I tried real hard.
I got the bending solution.
Have you ever heard of Dr. Earl Smacky's bending solution for the prostrate humanoid?
Well...
If Angela doesn't have a prostate.
No, I do.
Or a prostrate.
Oh.
Okay, well, you know, I didn't think so.
I have a prostatacantata.
She shouted off...
Oh, eventually...
She couldn't get out of that.
I've been meaning to thank you, Angela, for your lovely dance at my bachelor party.
Yeah.
You had a bachelor party, too?
The pretty girls of the church got up and did dances and even stripped.
Some of them sort of...
I like that.
They put their clothes on, which is the way a subgenius gets turned on.
They start out naked, and then by the time they're all dolled up in the galoshes...
Nanook of the North, yeah.
...and the giant...
Yeah.
The big coat and everything.
The old skidoo in the back and the igloo.
They're all warmed up.
That way my new wife wasn't too angry at the whole bachelor party.
Thank you.
and PG. That spells blind pig, don't you see? Teacher said with some surprise, son, you
left out both the I's. Now I said, teacher, dear, won't you please and listen here? Blind
pigs have no I's, you see. You're right, teacher said to me. Root for that acorn.
Hey, I got some dirty pictures here. Don't we see any bug porno? Are you talking to me?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. You look like a gentleman that can appreciate a special, uh, special
interest in photography, we like to call it here. What do you have? Yeah, look at this.
Are you saying something? Yeah, these are for sale. Uh, like, check that, check this
out. When's the last time you saw me?
I saw an 8 by 10 colored picture of a female praying mantis chewing off the head of a mink.
Come on, George, let's get away. Oh, come on, come on, take a look. Look, we got little
movies here, too. It's a spider chewing on a fly. Come on, these pictures are taken with
an electron microscope. I want to look, I want to look, I want to look. Yeah, check
it out, check it out. Oh, come on, lady. This is a free country.
Oh, okay. Hey, you into cockroaches? Here's a, here's a cockroach being eaten by a wolf
spider wasp. Oh, but these are in and out. It's chewing away. Hmm. You like it?
Okay. Watch it. Look, let's go right now. Hey, look at this. This is one of those things
that, those things live inside your eyelashes. Can you believe it? This most hideous looking
thing ever. Yeah, check it out. It's nude, man. It's all nude. It's all nude. It's all
nude. You can see. My eyebrows are nude? No, no. Check it out, this bug. Bug porn.
That's a bug? Oh, he's a bug. Bug porno. It's a dirty, bug's a dirty. Hey, honey, it's
all relative. What happened? Oh, no, no, don't you get it wrong. We don't have any
real, uh, we just developed a film and, uh, he's a processor, a tattooer, an editor, and
they do something with it. That's all right. I've got nothing to do with the bug. I'm not
a bug porno editor.
If you need more information about the Church of the Subgenius, please write to this address
I'm about to give. That's b-b-b-b-bob at postofficebox14.com.
Once again, that's Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214, www.subgenius.com, and praise the...
I'm about to give. That's b-b-b-b-b-bob at postofficebox14.com.
I'm about to give. That's b-b-b-b-b-bob at postofficebox14.com.
I'm about to give. That's b-b-b-b-b-bob at postofficebox14.com.
Before I lived round hereabouts with Dances with Rockets, Professor Chaz there on the
keyboard says, Dave, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, and Princess Wee and I, we go to some other
place, I guess. And also there's some new ESO with Reverend Devangela calling in. Now
to close us out.
More.
More.
Hell Pope Huey with Dr. Philo Drummond and the men of number six and Reverend Illuminatrix
on lead guitar, Woe Tanning at 4X Day. Praise Bob.
Oh, this is, in the background here is El Diablo.
Oh, this is, in the background here is El Diablo.
Oh, this is, in the background here is El Diablo.
Oh, this is, in the background here is El Diablo.
Oh, this is, in the background here is El Diablo.
Oh, this is, in the background here is El Diablo.
Oh, this is, in the background here is El Diablo.
Oh, this is, in the background here is El Diablo.
Oh, this is, in the background here is El Diablo.
Oh, this is, in the background here is El Diablo.
