Oh, you want slack? I'll give you slack.
You'll affect it immediately.
Soft.
I am the first person to make this fabulous journey.
Suspended in the timelessness of inner space
are the thought waves of my first impressions.
They will be our only source of contact
once you have passed beyond the limits of normal.
Magnification.
Magnification.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius.
Hour of Slack.
The subgenius.

Why should the people who want to make it and sell it
be burdened with an edict from social engineers?
Thanks for pushing that, Bob.
The light's on, but you never know, it really might be broken.
Shut up.
Dear friends,
have you ever faxed someone from the beach?
Have you ever produced a radio show from a hellhole?
A pit of hell?
We're not announcing the sacred number this installment.
Something's wrong, we're not all talking at once.
That's right.
I hate this junk.
Come on, Paul, eat up, it's good for you.
I'm sick of this stupid cult.
We never really talk about it in any way.
We should.
We should.








It's just all a bunch of fancy words that we just repeat over and over and over.
The flea marketplace of ideas.
That's where we got this religion.
That's only fair, and it's only the American way.
No record is the law.
Which way?
Left.
Ah!
I thumbed through the want ads in the Shelby County Tribune
when this classified advertisement caught my eye.
It said take immediate delivery on this 57 Chevrolet half-ton pickup truck
we'll sell or swap for a height of bed and 35 bucks.
Let's call 140 Ring 2 and ask for Bob.
Well, I called Bob.
I called Bob up on the telephone.
He says, hello, this is Bob speaking.
I says, is this here the Bob got to pick up truck for sale?
He says, yeah.
I says, where are you?
He says, 14 East on County 12.
Turn right on the one lane gravel road.
You can park in the yard.
Beware of the dog.
Wipe your feet off.
Knock three times and bring your billfold.
Well, I tooled on East on County 12.
Turn right on the one lane gravel road, and I parked in the yard,
and a German Shepherd come out and grabbed onto my leg.
Then I knocked three times and wiped my feet.
The dog let go, and the screen door opens.
Bob come out and says, what do you want?
Says, come see your truck.
He says, follow me.
We don't need to explain to most of you.
That's Bob.
That's our JR Bob Dog.
The world's first short duration personal savior.
A disposable personal savior.
And he's not the kind of personal savior who's so well connected.
Well, he wouldn't care anyway.
Bob Dog is not going to die for your sins.
Sorry to have to tell you that.
He will not die for your sins.
Because he does not care about your sins.



He does not want to talk about your sins.
Bob Dog comes and comes again and again to justify your sins, my friends.
To rationalize your sins.
He brings not forgiveness, nay, but an excuse.
So your sins, sin more.
It may be your last chance, but you better sin hard, boys and girls.
Now, like any other church, we're selling something.
Hell yeah.
In our case, we're selling a lot of things.
We're selling something for nothing.
Yeah!
Now, take your money like we will.
Take your money, really, in a way, it's nothing.
Where as slack, slack.
Now, that's something, brothers and sisters.
It's a lot more palpable, really, when it comes down to it than money or fast cars or big houses.
Those things are wonderful, but you know they ring hollow after a while.
Just ask Elvis if he can find him.
Ask Marilyn.
Ask, uh, Kurt.
Ask Charlie.
But Bob comes to replace that, not just with slack, but with pure, unadulterated slack.
Pure slack.
As Bob said, too much is always better than not enough.
Also, related to that, Bob once said, friend, don't just eat that hamburger.
Eat the hell out of it!
Don't just overdo overdoing something.
Overdo the hell out of overdoing it, goddammit.
Whoa!
And so, but at this point, you may be saying, well, that all sounds well and good, Reverend
Stein, but what is slack?
What is slack?
Well, I got some news for you.
Old Bob Dobbs, he ain't gonna tell you what slack is, no sir.
The conspiracy will try to tell you what slack is.
Oh yeah.
If you'll be, it's real simple, if you'll be their good little clown, they'll give you
all the false slack you could possibly want.
Old Bob Dobbs is gonna make you decide what slack is for you, but most people would not
know true slack if it crawled up their ass in the form of an evil snake and then curled
up and died up there.
Not that slack frequently takes the form of an evil snake crawling up your ass and dying,
but I think you get the point.





I think you get the picture.
Look, though, people get all kinds of ideas about slack.
They say to themselves, oh, if I could just get a raise, then I'd have slack.
Oh yeah.
Oh, or other people might say, oh, if only I could, if I looked like Whitney Houston,
then I'd have slack.
Or they might say, well, hell, if I could just get a raise, then I'd have slack.
Friends, for most people on this planet, slack is the only thing that they can do.





It's nothing more than one decent meal.
There was a sad time on Dobbs Town, and fever was on the face of the land.
Why must we carry this fire?
We shall all die soon.
The government takes ten percent of our farm and it will be the end.
But then the minions of Bob came, overwhelming all.
He's gonna die.
He's gonna die.








And lo, Bob was exalted over all, over man and beast.
The swaying palanquin of Bob was borne through the seething mobs
toward the glittering palace,
while rogue eunuchs spitted and disemboweled those
who were unfortunate enough not to get out of the way and die.
Swinging braziers of incense,
the Wotanites came crashing through the edges of the mob,
trampling young children underfoot.
The culmination of the conspiracy's grip on your essence
becomes a matter of trust.
Confuse and frustrate parents and other authority figures
as you fill the holy coppers of Bob's sacred trousers.
Delight in the visage of the one true slackmaster
as your own life burns away.
And your hate lust is quenched
in an endless ejaculation of loathing and scorn.
Come on, Frank.
Dog's name is Frank.
Well, we all went past the chicken house,
threw the hog pen down in the tractor shed,
and then wound up in back of the barn field cow pies.
And sitting right there in a pool of grease
was a half-ton Chevy pickup truck with a 1960 license plate,
a bumper sticker that says,
Vote for Dick,
and a gorilla box full of rusty parts.
And Bob says,
What do you think?
Well, I kicked the tire,
and then got in the seat,
and sat on a petrified apple core,
and found a bunch of field mice living in the glove compartment.
He says,
Her shaft is bent,
and the rear end leaks.
You can fix her quick with an oil or rag.
Use a nail and starter.
I lost the key.
Don't pay any mind to that whirring sound.
She used a little oil,
but outside of that, she's cherry.
I says,
What'll it take?
Says,
What do you got?
Says,
$28.15.
Says,
You got a deal signed here.
I'll go get the title and the can full of gas.
I put a nail in the slot and fired her up.
She coughed and belched up a bunch of smoke,
and I backed right through the hog pen into the yard.
Well, Frank jumped in,
bit my leg,
and I beat him off the crowbar.
He jumped on out,
and the door fell off,
and the left front tire went flat.
I jacked it up and patched the tube,
and Frank tore a piece of my shirt off.
And then Bob come out and called him off,
says,
You better get on out of here.
I went left on the one-lane gravel road,
went 14 west and counted 12,
took two full quarts of 408 oil,
just to get her to the Conoco station.
And I pulled up to the regular pump,
and then Harold Sykes and his kid come out,
and says,
I've seen better stuff at the junkyard,
and where'd you ever get that truck?
I said,
That's a long story, Harold.
I said,
Thumbin' through the want ads
in the Shelby County Tribune
when this classified advertisement caught my eye.
It said,
Take immediate delivery on this 57 Chevrolet half-ton pickup truck
with a seller swap for a high to bed of 35 bucks.
Call 1-4-0-RING-2 and ask for Bob.
Well, I told Bob.
Praise Bob!
You are now online with the fast track to Slack,
the subgenius hotline.
An infinite or just short of infinite variety of selections
await your punch of the number
of your choice.
On your touchstone phone.
If you're new to the Church of the Subgenius
and need an instant introduction to the teachings of Bob Dobbs,
punch 1.
If you want catalog information on purchasing subgenius products
and upcoming events,
push 2.
For weekly rants by great subgenius preachers
such as Jane or Hypercleets,
Ivan Stang,
Dr. Howell,
and others,
punch 3.
For Connie's confidential confessions,
untamed hot talk sessions
with the high anti-virgin Connie Dobbs,
punch 4.
If at any time you would like to switch to another,
menu selection,
just punch that number.
That's 1 for introduction,
2 for catalog and current events,
3 for hellfire ranting,
and 4 for Connie Dobbs' ultimate erotic phone affair.
You are now embarking on what could be
the most startling adventure of your life.
Hi.
You know, I just had a mystic feeling that you were gonna call
women's intuition, I suppose.
I thought we'd talk about pets today.
Wanna see my pussy?
This is Fuzzles.
Bob, that's my husband, Bob.
Well, he's out of town again.
He calls him Pud.
Yes, Bob and I have a lot of fun with this little puss.
But enough about cats.
You know what I like even more than my cat,
even more than my anteater?
My prairie squid.
I think I like my squid even more than my beaver.
Ah, you know, there's a special feeling between a woman and a man,
and a prairie squid, like mine.
Now, where did that little rascal crawl up to?
Here, Long John.
Come on to Connie.
Baby, up here.
Come on, hop up.
Here on my lap.
There we go.
Oh.
Hmm.
It tickles when he nuzzles me like that.
Bob breeds him specially to do that, of course.
No, no, not yet, Long John.
I call him he, but Bob calls him her when he uses her.
Him, her.
There's only one kind of prairie squid, and that's both.
Boy, you act like you've never seen a prairie squid.
Much less, well, you know.
What?
You don't?
Well, I'll just have to broaden your education.
You wouldn't mind sharing him with me, would you?
Oh, I don't think the squid would mind, would you, Long John?
Whoops.
Oh, I don't want him to get excited yet.
He'll squirt his ink all over the sofa, and he'll be good for nothing for at least an hour.
What?
An aquarium?
Oh, heavens, no.
These are land squids.
Why, aren't you the city boy?
I'll bet the only prairie squid you ever saw was a little shaved and bearded.
Dead and wrapped in cellophane at the market.
Those are gross.
Now, see how much more cuddly they are alive than in the frozen meat section?
Oh, warm and furry and slimy.
And look, I'll gently turn it over and part its hair.
I'll give it a trim.
See, that's the part Bob uses.
He's de-beaked it already, of course, or he'd be singing in the boys' choir now.
Oh, you have to de-beak them first before you, you know, at least men do.
But it doesn't hurt him if you tickle him first and use a good de-beaking tool.
But let me show you a little tantric trick Bob and I found in the Kama Sutra.
You get out some bait, Dobs brand prairie squid bait, of course, and spread it on your...
Oh, shoot, let me just get these pesky old clothes out of the way.
Ah, feels good to air out.
And I'll just spread some bait here where I want him to crawl.
Here, you want to spread it out for me?
Oh, that's good.
You have a gentle touch.
Oh, look, he smells the bait.
He's trembling.
He's getting all hot and eager.
He's going for it.
Oh, yes.
Good boy, Long John.
Oh, look, he's swelling up.
That's his protective, whatchamacallit, that's expanding.
Get all those tentacles going.
Yes.
Now, look, you come around here behind it and use that end while I got this end doing.
Oh, oh, oh, you shameless squid, you.
Oh, oh, oh, I think I'm going to explode with pleasure.
Oh, come to mama.
Come to mama.
No, don't worry, that's just ink.
That'll wash out.
Here, what are you doing?
Give it back.
I'm not finished yet.
I said we could share.
I didn't say you could have it.
Hey, where are you going?
Come back here.
Well, he's gone with my squid.
Oh, well, he'll be back.
I've got the dabiking tool and he didn't give me a chance to tell him that the beet grows
back overnight.
Oh, well, it'll serve him right.
Guess he'll find out the formerly hard way.
Bye.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.

What are you, what are you, what are you?
What are you?
What are you?
What are you?
What are you?
What are you?

.





















I'm a chip of the old clock
A piece of the rock
What you feel but you don't see
You're the crack in my security
What are you?
What are you?
What are you?
What are you?
What are you?
What are you?
What are you?
Yes, what are you?
I'm support without peace
Play without scenes
Am I communicating?
You're my flesh that lies waiting
You're my flesh that lies waiting
I'd love no logic



What are you?
What are you?
What are you?
What are you?
Yes, what are you?
Am I communicating?
Am I attracting anxiety?
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Oh yes, yes, yes, dear friends, that was Snakefinger, the late Snakefinger, live in Chicago with a song called Yeti, What Are You?
And prior to that, let's go backwards on tape here, let's rewind conceptually
and see what we've been listening to here on the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Uh, yes, and uh, okay, before that, um, a little, we got, you got to hear for free what some people used to pay $2.95 a minute for,
the Subgenius, uh, hotline, uh, which still exists, but I can't give you the number because this is probably not a commercial station
and, I don't know, they'd kill us.
But, uh, you got to hear a little bit of Mistress Connie's confidential hotline, phone affair.
Uh, yeah, boys, I hope, uh, I hope you paid attention to what she was saying about those prairie squid and de-beaking and so forth.
Um, before that, we got to hear a little bit of the great C.W. McCall with his song about Bob called Classified.
Um, and, God, this music is so inspiring, it makes you want to say everything real big.
All right, I'll say it big.
And before that, we had Einstein's Secret Orchestra Radio, ESO Radio from, uh, WCSB in Cleveland,
with Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Chaz and Princess Weardo.
And, uh, by the way, the, uh, little, uh, back-masked Bob chants in the female voices,
that's Reverend Velveteen Sly and her friends, uh, Spring or Heidi or somebody.
They're in...
In Madison with W-O-R-T, a great wart on Wisconsin.
Uh, KPFA subgenius show, A Sad Time in Dobstown with Puzzling Evidence,
Dr. Howell and Gary Gabrog, friend, from November 1983.
Yes, them were the good old days, friends, when they used to still talk about Bob.
Well, when Wellman allowed people to talk about Bob.
Um, and, uh, A Long Stretch of Ranting by yours truly.
Actually, that's, uh, part one of Subgenius 101.
Uh, rant, uh, as delivered in Boston, uh, during the Slack Crusade Devivals
with, uh, Brother Cleve Duncan supplying the background gospel music.
Isn't that amazing?
And, uh, well, I guess that's it.
Let's, let's get back into those, uh, those live recordings of actual Subgenius Temp Show Devivals,
uh, as we traveled across this great land last month.
Um, and here is more about those events and that event.
Uh, thank you.
At this event, uh, Lonesome Cowboy Dave will be available to be tortured, pelted with,
uh, coins, tomatoes, uh, eggs.
Pieces of holy artifacts.
Holy artifacts, pieces of the one true cross.
The thigh bone of Saint Josephus.
The holy toe bone of Saint Germain.
The bear, the claw of Anshi Bear.
The buttock of Witchy Tartai Woman.
All of these things can be thrown, tossed, uh, can be used to pelt.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave, uh, who will, uh, be chained up there by Dr. Chaz, uh, live.
Long, long confused.
In person.
The little murdered woman.
For your edification and cruelty.
And you yourself will be strewn with religious artifacts.
The Reverend Ivan Stang.
Oh, but Princess, we want building.
Where is this revival of Tomorrow Night?
The Subgenius Devival?
Why, it's at the Cleveland Institute of Art.
Art Factory Building.
The Cleveland Institute of Art.
Oh, I guess this religion is just an art thing, huh?
It's just some...
Fronted by the CIA.
Performance art.
Or, uh, is that what it is?
So they can just get up there and act weird and crazy and...
They keep their names down.
That's why they're holding it CIA.
You see, it's a subnemonic mnemonic.
That's what you remember.
When it comes up later, they took your name down.
Come out.
Come out and be seen and have your picture taken.
Bye.
Bye.
I want to hear some pervert music!
I have two favorite words.
Horny and orgasm.
Well, what's wrong with saying chick, chick, chick, chick?
I was horny up against a chick when I went to see Ozzy Osbourne.
I'm just kidding.
But, I was horny up against a chick when I went to see a punk rock band called The Accused.
I positioned myself in a big crowd.
Up against her.
Got close to where she was.
Positioned my leg up against hers.
She turned around and looked at me once but didn't really pay attention.
I think it was much of anything.
But then I went and told a couple guys that knew who she was.
I was horny up against her.
And it must have gotten back at her because one day when I was walking around at the mall,
she gave me a funny look.
Horny with two smother-me chicks.
What's a smother-me?
A smother-me chick.
I'm a squeaky voice.
Perfect!
Dang me. Dang me.
They ought to take a rope and hang me.
High from the highest tree.
Woman, would you wait for me.
Mmm, ding-a-meem.
Ding-a-meem.
They oughta...
I thought I was gonna...
I thought I was gonna...
High from the highest tree.
Woman, would you wait for me.
Whoa, friends.
Who says white people don't have rhythm?
That was an excerpt from the Joe tape.
One of the four Joe tapes that we know of by Joe Offricht
of the Temple of the Dead.
of Dionysus Sabazio, of which he is the cult leader.
He claims that he has a dozen members,
but those members may be members like we are of his fan club
in that we may be listening to his tapes
and laughing at them in a different way than Joe intends.
But does that make Joe any less bulldada,
as we say in church jargon?
Nay, I think not.
I think, in fact, that it makes Joe all the more bulldada.
And if there's anything we've ever played on this show
over the 15 years, 10 years, something like that,
I can't even remember.
It's been so long we've been doing this show.
We've rarely played anything
with quite so much of a presence.
We've never had so much potential to offend
as the Joe Offrecht tape.
But by the same token, you know,
for some of us, that stuff's real, real funny
because we're real, real sick, man.
We're sick.
We vomit on Christmas, as Janer used to say.
Well, I believe now it's time to go to side two of show
or we'll be soon.
So what?
What is that?
Well, let's see what Joe has to say.
Yeah.
Joe Offrecht is perhaps...
Is he...
Is he...
Is he...
Is he a madman or is he the only free man among us?
Listen to this.
I mean, as Bleepo Abernathy said,
it's like a tape you might have made when you were 13
but would be horrified to find that anybody knew about it.
And yet this guy just sells his tape.
Pretty cool spur.
Oh, the moon shines tonight.
I'm pretty cool.
You're a覺得 cool.
Thank you, Joe.
Thank you, Joe.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Look, that eight-year-old, some genius children.
Little girls that came up to me,
And they said, Reverend Stank, who do we hate in that swing?
And I said, why, girls, of course you know we hate them!
The authors, the mediocrities, the pink boys and false prophets,
the barbies and cans, the soft aculacs, the cage dwellers,
the sheep in wolves' clothing.
And wouldn't you rather be a wolf in sheep's clothing, dear friends?
I certainly would.
What we hate, I told those little girls,
is the normal, ordinary, garden-variety human beings.
And among them, the ones we hate most are our rival religious nuts.
Because, you know, those folks love to talk about how they love God.
Oh, yeah, they love God.
But you know what they really love?
What they really love is the idea of you and me going to hell
and burning for eternity.
And those little girls said, yes, that's right, Reverend Stank.
And Bob shall come and slay them all
and harvest their souls on next day
when the aliens come to save us.
Praise Bob.
But, you know, it's true.
The normal, smug yuppies and po-bucker nutsies
that are seemingly shopping all around you
in those swank strip malls and so forth
actually form a vast,
conspiracy against you.
Yes.
Yes, the pigs.
The stinking pigs.
The humans.
You know, even though they are,
but bovine, mindless stereotypes,
actual living stereotypes,
as dumb as they are yet,
they could destroy the world.
Now, you think about it,
I'm sure that many of you, just like myself,
you read the paper or look at the news at night,
and this world looks like,
it's going to shit.
Well, think how bad things are now.
Think what they aren't telling you.
And meanwhile, they're calling,
they say, they like to say that
the church of the subgenius is a cult.
A scary cult.
Like those dangerous, branch-shaped idiots.
Oh, no, we'll have to send the army in to stop them.
Oh, it's a terrifying thing.
I ask you, dear friends,
isn't your job a cult?
Isn't your job a cult?
If they can get you to work yourself to death
on something you don't even care about,
how is that any different from Jim Jones
talking 900 people into killing themselves?
Now, all we're trying to do is talk 9 million people
into sending us $30 a piece.
I don't think that's so much to ask.
And another thing, these unrivaled cults like to,
oh, they like to worry about family value.
Family value.
You have a breakdown of the American family.
They say, and they're right.
They are absolutely right about that.
The American family is breaking down.
But they say it's because of a bunch of pornography
on the internet,
or half-naked girls prancing around on MTV,
or stupid, sexy gag sitcoms like Married with Children.
I'll tell you what,
the American family today is 9 to 5 jobs.
That's right.
God, kids these days,
this poor little kid gets up,
they wake up in the morning,
their mom and dad gives them,
if they got both,
gives them kind of a simultaneous hello and goodbye,
and head off to work.
Drop the kid off with some robots or scarecrows
at the daycare center.
I sympathize.
Not trying to lay a guilt trip on you,
but then, you know, mom and dad come home
about 7 o'clock after a long drive back on the freeway,
pissed off, probably drunk,
and they give those kids a little peck on the cheek,
kind of a simultaneous hello and goodnight.
And they say that pornography is a crime.
He is up the family.
Bob Dobbs says,
legalize pornography and ban work.
This is a war, dear friends.
It is a war.
It is us versus them.
This is the last ditch battle for the mind.
It's the last final resistance against creepy normality.
And I got some news for you, some sad news.
Belief in some old man with a long, white beard.
Some Disneyland up in the clouds.
Ain't gonna save you.
Most of you probably figured that out already,
but for those who haven't, I'll prove it.
God.
God.
God, wherever.
God, I dare you to kill me.
I've been doing that every night for a couple of weeks now.
I'm gonna do it again and again and again.
That's an old atheist trick.
It always works that way.
But now you're saying, well, that's a bummer, man.
Who's gonna save us?
Who's gonna save us?
Well, you know, Moses parted the Red Sea.
Oppenheimer split the atom.
But J.R. Bob Dobbs cut the crap.
Now speaking of cutting the crap, speaking of cutting the crap, if we could cut the,
let's cut this showbiz crap for a second.
Just shut off that video.
I'm gonna cut it.








This is what I'm gonna do.

TV will rot your mind.
Ain't it wonderful?
And Brother Cleveland could kind of keep it kind of a low, blue thing, kind of, because,
because friends, I have a, I have a confession to make.
Now I've been doing, what I've just been doing is what I call Subjeetius 101.
It's just a good little quick introduction to the church and so forth.
I'm sick of doing it.
And I've got, so I've just got to get straight with you about something.
Now, for, especially for you church old-timers.

You may be surprised to learn that some mornings, all too many mornings, I get up and I look
in the mirror and I say to myself, Reverend Stang, you're an idiot.
I say, Reverend Stang, you have been busting your ass for 15 years for slack.
Makes a lot of sense now, don't it?
Man, you've been busting your ass for 15 years on an anti-religion religion.
Oh, but that wasn't bad.
That wasn't crazy enough.
It also had to be an anti-art, art project and an anti-science, scientific experiment.
But, as if that wasn't stupid enough, it also had to be an anti-business, business.
And look what it got you.
I say to myself, you look like a bum.
You're addicted to some weird Tibetan herb.
You haven't had a normal job in years.
You don't even own a tie.
And you haven't exactly given your kids their choice of colleges.
And on top of that, your wife thinks you might well be completely insane.
Friends, have you ever had the blues?
I mean the serious, serious blues.
Where you felt truly, totally and utterly slack.
Where you felt like everybody was out to get you and they were all assholes.
Have you ever felt that way?
If you haven't felt that way, then you are probably not a sub-genius.
Now, people come to these devivals, some people come to these things, frankly because they are damaged people and they need slack.
Others come because everybody else around them is damaged and they need slack.
But either way, you feel kind of alone.
It can be a cold and hard thing, friends, you know, to be...
But I'll tell you something.
I got news for you.
You are alone.
We are not going to bullshit you about that.
This is not...
We are not even gathering together here to all be alone together.
Like some cutesy little damn new age pink boy nerd support group.
No!
No, sir!
And besides, you know, think about it.
Look around at your fellow sub-genius types around here.
Do you really want companionship with these sub-genius ne'er-do-wells in Noah's Ark?
Chances are, chances are you just as soon be left alone.
You just want more options.
And you lucky bastards, that's just what J.R. Bob Dobbs is good for.
Because...
You can be alone with Bob!
You can be alone with Bob.
As a matter of fact, Bob Dobbs is probably the only personal saver that you can be alone with.
He and most all those other personal savers are always following you around, breathing down your neck.
They're always watching you.
They're always going, oh, did you sin too much today?
Does everybody think you're cool?
Are you going to be able to make them bill payments this month?
Did you remember to kiss my ass?
With Bob Dobbs, you do not have to worry about any of that because Bob Dobbs doesn't care!
Bob Dobbs does not give a good golly gosh darn about your pathetic failures and sins.
He does not even care if you kiss his ass.
He does care about your money.
But your sins, he doesn't even care.
He doesn't even consider them worth forgiving.
However, friends, he will justify your sins.
He does bring an excuse and that is why, late at night, when I look in that mirror again,
I say to myself,
Yes, you're a idiot, Reverend Stank!
Praise Bob!
I say, yes, you've been busting your ass for 15 years on an anti-religion religion,
an anti-art science, an anti-science art, and even an anti-business business!
Praise Bob!
And I say, yes, you look like a bum!
Praise Bob!
Yes, you're a prop addict!
Praise Bob!
No, you haven't had a normal job in years!
No, you don't own a tie!
Praise Bob!
And I say, no, your kids don't need their minds destroyed by college anymore than you do!
Praise Bob!
And most of all, I say to myself, no, I am not insane!
Everybody else is!
Praise Bob!
And I say, if they can't take a joke, that is a true thing right here,
if they can't take a joke, and they sound harsh, but that's about the only thing,
that's the only philosophy you can live by, dear friends.
So don't worry about failure in the conspiracy world.
Oh, they'll try to humiliate you night and day, but that's only because they lack
the sublime cosmic knowledge of the forbidden sciences.
By which we know that the only thing that never fails is failure, the only thing that
never works is perfection, and the only workable philosophy is...
If they can't take a joke, thank you very much.
Now, the conspiracy tries to tell you that a failed experiment is somehow bad.
They try to convince you that you're a loser if you're not rich and cute or smart, and
worst of all, they try to make you think that it is somehow unhealthy to be depressed,
pessimistic, occasionally consumed with hate, and blundering around seeking slack in strange places, dear friends.
But those are actually perfectly appropriate responses to a world that is so f***ed up
that even the Church of the Subgenius makes sense by comparison.
That's f***ed up, man.
Ready, Bob!
The idea that it's somehow normal for everything to always be all cheery and lovey and hunky-dory and slackful,
that is a lie!
It is a black lie.
They act like the world already is that way so that you'll stop trying to make it that way!
Because that makes it look kind of lazy and stupid now, doesn't it?
And that's why I like that old bumper sticker slogan that I invented the other night that goes,
I'd rather be killing optimists.
Because that way leads to a life of quiet desperation.
We subgeniuses prefer a life of ear-splitting desperation, dear friends!
We must have slack!
We must have slack when we are getting forced to bed a gross path of...
of false slack!
We are being ripped off every day and we're not going to sit around being polite while we're being f***ed!
And you know when they won't let you have the slack that you need,
have they given you any choice but to obtain slack through hate?
Because you think that the Christians, our dear friends the Christians and the New Agers,
they like to channel their false love.
And that works fine for them.
Since they comprise 95% of the overpopulation.
But by the same token, we subgeniuses choose to channel our hate!
Yes, we tap into that pure primal hate force of the universe, dear friends.
And we transmute it from stupidity into slack.
Just like I have to transmute it from my mood from stupidity into slack as the day wears on.
Even though, of course, as you know, slack is the inner force.
The energy that powers the universe.
It is also true that tiny, invisible, seething, self-contained hate particles
form the hidden matter, the missing matter of the universe,
the hidden mass for which quantum physicists still search.
Hate and failure are part of nature, my friends,
and they can be unsuspected paths to slack.
Now, the life of a...
of a subgenius, marooned as we are in a sea of...
humans...
It can be... it can be kind of rough.
Now, some of you may think,
but how can you say that, Reverend Stang?
I always figured the subgenius preachers had the second best job next to Bob Dobbs.
Preaching to drunk sinners in nightclubs night after night.
And there's quite a fair degree of slack in that.
But still, friends, I will be the first to admit
that devoting your heart, mind, and soul to Bob Dobbs
will not solve all your problems.
But it will help you to blow them off!
And sometimes when it gets that bad, that's what must come first.
Besides, you know, you may have no inkling yet what slack really is for you.
You may think you do.
No, if I had such and such, then I'd have slack.
Oh, if she loved me, then I'd have slack.
Oh yeah.
And friends, you start working too hard for slack.
Now, I'm as guilty... I've been as guilty of this as anybody.
I've been through a serious set of...
Well, I'll explain how this works.
You end up... you got this thing that you think is going to bring you slack.
Some project, some lifestyle, some something
that you want to get done.
And you start working on it, working on it.
And it's slack when you're working on it, because it's not a conspiracy.
But you build up to an obsessed fever pitch,
reaching for that gold ring,
trying to smoke the pot of slack at the end of the rainbow.
And you OD!
It backfires!
The snowball starts rolling back down on top of you.
And friends, that's when J.R. Bob Dobbs steps into your life and saves your ass.
What?
And he doesn't do it by answering your prayers.
Nay, no sir.
He doesn't even pay any attention to your prayers.
He does it by totally f***ing you up!
Yeah!
Now let me explain.
What he does, and he doesn't do this deliberately.
This is just the sort of thing that happens around Bob.
He has to get his perfect slack from somewhere.
So he makes everything break down.
Suddenly there's this whole string of terrible failures, disappointments, disasters.
You know, it might be your health.
Your sweetie throws you out.
Your cars break down.
You lose your actual good job.
Both your dogs get sick at once.
And whatever it is, a whole bunch of sh** happens.
And your cherished plants are shot to hell.
And there's nothing you can do.
Your hands are tied.
And best of all, it's not your fault.
And you're slow.
And you look down at that treadmill you've been on.
And it's broken down.
There's smoke pouring off of it.
And it's all been for nothing.
It's all been for nothing!
And suddenly, the grin of Bob slowly creeps over your face.
Because at that moment, Bob has enlightened you.
Yes!
You suddenly say to yourself,
Praise Bob!
Everything went totally to sh** in the very nick of time!
Now I can relax!
In fact, I have to relax!
I guess I'll go see a movie or something.
And then you go,
Well, that's funny.
Now that I've calmed down,
I'm suddenly able to see the incredibly simple solution
to that seemingly insurmountable problem that I was struggling with.
And it was in front of my dumbass face the whole time!
Why, that glass, it wasn't half empty after all.
It was half full.
And besides, I was looking at somebody else's face!
And that's what you do when you don't know what you think.
WIRELESS John
To your right.

Neither.
Okay.
kind of slack you had in mind.
Uh-uh. In fact, you could almost
call it forced slack.
Shove down your crawl
against your will for
your own good by Bob.
But, yes, it is true
slack all the same. It may whoop
you upside the head like a mugger
sneaking up behind you in a dark alley.
But, if it knocks you off that
treadmill of false slack, then you better be thankful
for it, my friend.
Because, you know, you can't know what
slack is until you got it. And you
can't share it, or
we prefer to say invest it
until you have it.
And your slack
must come first.
Don't feel guilty if you
can't deliver slack to
your friends around you. If you don't have it yourself,
you've got to get it first.
It may not be what the
conspiracy, or for that matter, the
church of the subgenius made you think
it was. That's between you and Bob.
As Bob Dobbs
said,
you will pay
to know what you really
think. And we
will sell you the knowledge
of what you truly believe.
And I'll tell you what I believe.
In fact, I'm going to cut all
the bullshit and tell you
God's honest truth, what's in my
heart right now. What I truly
believe.
I believe I'm going to get off this stage
and smoke me a damn prop stick.
Repent. Quit your job.
Slack off.
You have been driven to the brink of insanity
by the conspiracy.
I'm going to cut
everything.
Bob is your only
hope. You're a lot
closer than you even think.
Bob is the way. Bob is
the path. Believe or
die.
Bob is not the answer.
And neither is anything else.
Bob. Screw
Bob. What did he know?
Don't believe anything Bob tells you.
Blast for the heap of the anti-Bob.
That's right. Bob is a
loser. Bob ripped me off for all
my slack. Bob is a
big boy. Bob is a big
boy. Bob just takes it off
himself. He gets all the women.
He gets all the rock. He gets all
the slack. Bob
Gilbo.
Gilbo.
Gilbo. Gilbo.
Gilbo.
Gilbo.
Bob is a conspiracy
Nazi. Bob faked his own
crucifixion to lead to be resurrected
and become your personal savior.
Bob is in the back of his limo right now
getting ahead from your girlfriend.
Grab your favorite Tom Club and whack
his head off. Whack it!
And place it in the trophy cage right
next to the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
That's right. Bob is a sinner
just like you. The second
coming to Bob will be a slaughter.
With the Bob's from a day of Bob Dobbs
leading the flock. Bob!
Gilbo!
Gilbo!
Gilbo!
Gilbo!
Gilbo!
Gilbo!
Gilbo!
Gilbo!
Bob! Forgive me Bob!
Oh Bob! I have sinned against you!
I was possessed by the anti-Bob!
Please forgive me!
Please Bob!
Please Bob!
Please Bob!
Please Bob! Please Bob! Please Bob! Please Bob!
If they would love him
much to do funny, we would never have any problem.
He is the king of all kings!
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob!
So the conspiracy wants to keep you on either side of that fence?
I'm not going down in that radio sewer! I don't care! I want my money!
Paul, here, we'll show you. The Church of the Subgenius wants you to straddle that fence.
Paul, here, we'll show you. The Church of the Subgenius wants you to straddle that fence.
Stop pulling smoke!
Well, Glass Madness, then, exactly how do they get the fur out of their teeth?
There is no fur. The guinea pigs remove it.
They have a tiny, tiny zipper that a person can't remove,
but the guinea pig, in his own free will, can show you where the zipper is and take it off.
Well, the incoming shells, you can see a few mortars are hitting around the edge of the studio now.
Well, a few more incoming shells here.
Well, we do have a few mortar attacks occasionally at Green Hill.
It can be tough, and of course, the Bolivian Army uses the roads to practice their mortar shell attacks on,
and it can make it really hard.
They do. They put tiny faces on the trees of the Yocatisma.
In fact, whoops, watch out, that was coming pretty close.
Okay.
Don't worry. The studio's protected.
This glass in front of me is bulletproof, is that true?
Right, right.
Now, high above Green Hill, the doctors discuss exactly what happened on Earth so long ago.
...turning them out, and you see life the way it was.
As the bus stops on the side of the road, an Inca family rushes to dress into a small, pint-sized dollhouse.
The child of Inca robes with hats and silently sits, irresistibly,
offering you a light bulb for pictures to pose.
The llamas, of course, wound up by tiny keys in the back of their rear quarters,
buzz happily around the grounds.
In time, slack will be dispensed by machines on campuses
and close at hand to educational institutions of all kind.
Into the pit of silence.
We ask ourselves, along the River of Holy Addresses,
is the band that dare not speak their name, and why can't you by their record?
Well, we don't know.
We don't know, Doctor, but we've been able to open up the experiment and get the funding we needed,
so we thought we'd show you this dance that they do here, outside the Mimico Caves.
Blue, the color of the non-band church.
I don't care if this is a stupid radio show, I'm still not going down there.
Well, Doctor, how do you think the monster can be excited to come toward the electrical field?
The monster must be stimulated first, by every means known to science.
Hmm, yes.
Ah, yes, let's tickle its underside here.
No! I absolutely forbid it!
Well, I'm an American, and you can't tell me what to do.
I'm going to tickle the bottom of this monster, and then I'm getting in my plane and going back.
Too many Americans behave like this overseas.
Now, give me that monster!
Oh!
And once again here...
Not the Guibo Costas.
Yes, the Guibo Costas. You've seen them before.
And then, of course, there is the sacred stone of the S-lalalalala!
Yes, carved out of one hideous block of stone, this reproduction of a 1953 Chevrolet was apparently carved by the Incas thousands of years before General Motors ever even knew what they were.
A wheel was.
Okay, and now, here comes your heliopter to lift you high into green hell.
Looking down into the valley, you can see the beautiful, lush tropical groves, as bromeliads of all varieties are floating down from the cliffs.
Look at those beautiful orchids, and the ferns bigger than a Volkswagen.
Yes, friends, this is it.
The land where the Incas became bigger...
Than you.
Than you.
That's right. You thought you were the most advanced civilization that's ever hit this planet? Well, blow it out your kawoozie, buddy.
I demand the right to see the monster right now.
You can't hide it.

You can't hide this creature from me all night.
This monster is the property of the American people, and I'll thank you to take your hands off it.
Look, they look more like claws. What is this, anyway?
Yes, I own everything now.
Wait, they've got Dino Boy tied up in the station.
Yes.
Oh, no!
Dr. Cabot family, he's mine now. I keep him like this.
You fiend!
Yes, I must do this. I must. Bob tells me.
Please let me go! Help me, Bob! Help me!
Bob tells me. That thing...
The thing that only a few weeks ago we...
We are all friends.
Bob tells me. That thing...
Help me, Palmer! They're trying to get this...
Yes, that all over now.
I want my share of the money!

See? All monsters want the same thing.
Having already received more than his fair share of the money, Dr. Friedius is screaming weanling for more.
We have no need to discuss such confidential information on this radio show.
We do not discuss Dr. Friedius' very, very private business on television.
There's... There's Funto out there!
I mean, on the radio. We know not talk about such things.
Quiet, everybody!
I'm heavy.
Funto was just outside the ship.
No, no, no. Come on.
Meanwhile, poor little Gary trapped on a chair.
These decomposers, as we call them in the destructuralization age.
Come here, little one.
Hello!

Here the Asian Indians blow psychedelic snuff up their nose from 45-foot pipes they make from bark of trees.
They call it Yo-Ho-Bo.
Yo-Ho-Bo.
Yo-Ho-Bo.
Yes, friends, that last little bit there was, of course, the puzzling evidence, Dr. Howell subgenius show from KPFA.
In them days, back in November 1983, it had Glass Madness and Gary Gbrogfran and Palmer Vreedes.
It was just the whole band that dare not speak its name.
And it's so fun to occasionally dip back in deep into the archives, heard jiggling around here,
to pry out some of the old stuff.
The old... The old crazy stuff.
Let's see one... Take one last look at what Joe has to sing to us here.
This next one is called the Kindergarten Orgasm Dance.
In the kindergarten I had orgasms.
Back in the kinder I had orgasms.
Kindery in the kindery.
Back in the kinder I had orgasms.
Oh, my underwear.
Oh, my underwear.
Oh, my dress.
Oh, my dress.
Oh, and by the way, friends, for those not listening on the internet,
sorry I have to so blatantly cut out the cuss words and so clumsily.
But that's the kind of equipment and time and laws, conspiracy laws, that we have to deal with here
at Post Office Box 1403-06, Dallas, Texas 7524.
And I guess that's it for this show.
I'm gonna get up.
I'm gonna move out of here.
I'm gonna do what I said I was gonna do.
I'll have a good one.
I'll have a good one.
