Oh, that was a laid-back show.
Oh, it's not laid-back anymore!
Look out!
Whoa!
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Subgenius Hour of Swag!
Welcome, potential initiates,
and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Oh, yes, dear friends, this is your host and prayer partner,
Reverend Ivan Stang,
and tomorrow will be my 60th birthday.
And I don't feel like editing hours of X-Day Slack.
Today.
So, in order to slack off, I'm going to play a golden oldie.
In this case, it's Hour of Slack number 61,
which would make it from around the middle of...
or late 1986, this would be.
Yeah, believe it or not, 1986.
And this old cassette has a star on it,
meaning that I consider...
I considered it to be a good show back in the day.
So, let's listen and see how things have or have not improved.
Praise Bob.
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack
that you are about to...
to listen to
is specially designed
only to be played
on radio station...
and only in the city of...

...
...
...
...
Welcome, dear friends,
to the Subgenius...
...
...














...Hour of Slack.
...Hour of Slack.
...Hour of Slack.

Back up to the grassy knoll again
and started hitting back down.
I left that group of wacky xenos
and the gazebo
and the sodbusters museum
and that wing-ding nut-blanger
on the accordion.
Well, I just didn't know what to think, you know.
Coming up here,
hanging around with the grass and the trees,
it's just natural.
It's just natural.
But these people were talking different
and I don't know.
I'm just interested in sitting around
and picking my nose
and spitting and stuff like that.
Well, it just made me think an awful lot.
Golly, my head got big
and, well, I never knew I had so many ideas.
I began to think about writing them down
or taking some pictures
or...
getting a tape recorder
or something and them things,
but I know I didn't want to mess with them.
I just wanted to be natural, you know,
sitting out here with the old rocks
and watching the clouds roll by.
But that...
that old stranger with the accordion,
why, he made me feel a little different.
I...
I kind of got excited
and...
well, I liked it a little bit.
It never happened like that before.
Suddenly, I began to reflect on my whole life,
why it was like a rock
or...
or a polka.
No, my life wasn't like a polka,
but here it was again
and, God Almighty,
hiya, mister!
How are you, little fella?
Well, I'm a miserable man.
Ah!
I'm a miserable man!
I'm a miserable man!
Uh, the only cult they want to talk about
is the Subgenius Foundation,
the Church of the Subgenius,
and...
Dad, Doug Smith says we're different.
Doug's right, Virgil.
We are different,
thanks to Jesus,
the Genetic Engineering Corporation of American States.
Mommy, too?
Yep, the whole family.
Is everybody like us?
No, son, but we're working on it.
Round the clock!


Round the clock!
Let me slobber on your neck.
Let me drool down your chest.
I'm not prejudiced.
I don't care if he's a Jew, a black, Italian, Chinese.
If he messes with me, I'll shoot him.
He's got complete equality as he drops to the ground.
The helicopter which plucked the reentry capsule out of the water.
It moved up, took off at fantastic speed at the at least 45 degrees angle
and they just disappeared between the stars.
During the debriefing, which we always said after each combat mission,
the officer who was receiving this made a joke of it, how many beer I had.
How many beer he had, dear friends.
Ah, yes.
Quiet down, you little creatures of the night.
We've got a show to do.
Hey, Zaphod.
Our theory about Reverend Ann Leonard was just shot to hell the other night.
Friends, I feel sorry for those of you who couldn't make it
to the end of the show.
I'm sorry for the subgenius meeting and for the people who didn't dare to come
and see the reflection of themselves.
But it was very interesting the way that turned out.
You know, we announced last week that there was going to be a meeting for people
who wanted to volunteer to help with KNON and the Church of the Subgenius specifically.
And we got like 30 people called Reverend Cecilia and asked directions
and said they were going to come.
And so forth.
But only half showed up.
And the mighty Reverend Cecilia, who now, dear friends, is Popess,
the Pope or Popestress of Dallas, Popess Cecilia,
bowed down to her, ye unworthy, unclean ones.
For she is truly worthy.
She allowed us to have this meeting at her house,
a meeting of subgeniuses who had never, in many cases,
had never laid eyes on another admitted, quote,
subgenius, unquote, before in their lives.
But it turned out quite interesting.
There was no real bobbies.
It was real nice.
It was all folks that I think could give us a real hand.
And I haven't managed to sit down and plot it all out on the big computer yet.
But, oh, yes, we'll have places for you all in Dobbs Town, dear friends.
Don't worry about that.
All of ye chosen who showed up.
It was just, the meeting was just what you'd expect.
It was at a seedy,
S&M bar in Oak Cliff full of demon worshippers.
And, see, you missed out on it.
Missed out on it.
Oh, and there was one young subgenius there,
gave me a Christmas, a wonderful Christmas present,
a sign, professionally made sign that said,
Bulldada Time Control Laboratories is subsidiary of the Church of the Subgenius,
the Subgenius Foundation, Incorporated.
And that was wonderful.
But, you know,
when I put,
that sign up,
they'll know where the subgenius castle is on Swiss Avenue.
That guy, now, see, that guy, he was obviously CIA.
You can't fool Reverend Stan.
That was CIA.
But he was also a subgenius.
So, it's okay if the CIA knows where we are.
But there's many of you out there who are thinking,
what's he doing in the jungle?
I thought this was a church.
And on top of that, how come,
how come he's talking about this church and the subgenius?
What is that?
They say,
what are you?
What are you?
They chant, wanting to know just what it is we're talking about.
And every 10 or 12 shows, I play this lovely tape.
Three, two, and one.
Now to continue with the tape recording.
Superior mutants, repent.
Quit your job.
Slack.
Off.
The world ends tomorrow and you may die.
Well, no, probably not.
But whatever you do, just keep listening.
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Are you?
You're abnormal.
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes, your kind shall triumph.
Now at last, the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it.
The only faith that promises action, thrill, success in sex and business.
Having all the guilt, but none of the sex.
Having intercourse with a beautiful live girl,
or damn near it.
Anything else.
But you tried everything.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Learn to think big.
Develop the tricks of length extension.
Bring your weirdest dreams to rampaging life.
Stand erect for your own abnormality.
Mom is a way of life to millions.
Yet half of them don't even know it.
He's the one true living Slack.
Slack Master with the spiritual know-how to help you bash through the locked doorway to financial heaven.
He is the one real shortcut to Slack.
Now, see another dimension on your TV.
Yes, fear the stark fist of removal no longer.
Become physically attractive overnight.
Attain status, luck, prosperity by blood.
And growing up.
Ah.
Bob's promises to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior.
To explore new ways of going over the edge.
And coming right back.
Plus, to bring back those who couldn't make it on their own.
To help you create the highest possible earnings from the psychodynamics of abnormality.
To turn conspiracy implanted personality disorders around.
And channel them into an illusion of creativity.
That will fool normals and get you sex.
I don't believe you, J.R.
Well, I did benefit from it, of course.
But so did a whole bunch of old Dallas boys.
In other words, you want to know, you want the government to know that you're in there to make money.
And to pay taxes.
Well, we're already treading a pretty thin line, Bill.
And I'm sure there's plenty of other things they'd love to get us for.
Just be, you know, well, I don't know whether we want to talk about the conspiracy on the air, but...
Oh, yeah, go right ahead.
This is the conspiracy, the one, the conspiracy behind the conspiracy.
Ah, the conspiracy to end all conspiracies, maybe.
Right.
Well, part of the church's goal is to wake people up to the fact that, you know,
that our lives are being controlled by forces that most people are completely ignorant of.
Well, okay, this light, as we were looking at it, both of us were watching the light,
and we found anything just in, you know, in a split second.
It was suddenly this two-story, I'd say the diameter around thing, the height of this room.
Wow.
You mean it was like a little bobbing?
Well, it wasn't bobbing as steady as this table if it were carried on a caterpillar.
It was that steady.
And walking speed.
And with that, the speed never changed.
It just suddenly got that...
It just suddenly was huge.
Yeah.
It gets really complex when you get into conspiracies, and we believe...
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
Ah, yes dear friends, ha-ha, have you two not gotten enough slack on the ropes of life?
This is Doctor Philodrumon speaking to you from on the road way out there.
Well, did I get anything, they just saw me?

Somewhere where you nor your friends can even perceive.
Ha ha! Yes, dear friends.
We're out here, you're out there, and we're thinking about you out there.
And about all the wonderful things that can be found when you find Bob.
I'm talking to you tonight about the Holy God!
The one and only Bob!
The one and only Bob!
The church of the subgenius!
The subgenius!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Can I get a witness?
Can I get a witness?
Can I get a praise Bob?
Can I get a praise Bob?
Can I get an amen?
Can I get an amen?
Thank you children, thank you!
Thank you children, thank you!
Some of you may not be familiar with the church of the subgenius.
Some of you may not know the ha Gore of the church of the subgenius.
No, you may not know the purpose of the church.
The purpose of the church.
The purpose of the church.
The purpose of the church.
What is the purpose of the church?
What is the purpose of the church?
The purpose of the church is to have what?
Slack!
Can I hear that again?
I need more slack!
Can I get some slack?
Can I get some slack?
Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
World Without Slack, Chapter 3.
By Lies.
The fightin' Jesus looked out over the bridge of the Exist Battle Saucer, Blood of Christ.
He looked and laughed.
He laughed and looked.
He looked and looked.
He laughed and laughed.
He was finally going to have his revenge on the natives of Dust Moat 89 AB.
Aboard Jesus' flagship, dozens of killer theologians, the shock priests,
were busy at their work.
They were in the weapons terminals.
On the power decks, the proper orgone cycles were being timed by mass fornications between
the ritual crew and the cancer beings from Theta Z.
An invasion-ready state existed in the ship and the 900 others floating over the doomed
planet, Earth.
Jesus was in a psychopathically elated state.
His face resembled many of the perverse icons the humanoids of the Dust Moat painted of
him.
They prayed to these for the salvation of their souls.
They prayed to these for the salvation of their souls.
As if they had any souls to save.
As if anyone would want to save them, which they didn't.
A whole disgusting religion now centered around his murder.
They had to gall to nail him up like a common criminal and then paint pictures of him enjoying
it.
And they thought he loved them for it, that he was forgiving.
Oh, the anticipation.
He was sick to his stomach with glee.
He would show them the true face of pain and sin.
It had taken him two thousand miles to get to the bottom of the abyss.








It had taken him long years to return here, and now he would pay them back for the scars
he still carried in his hands.
Sweet stigmata.
Even the slightest thought of the scars made them glow red through his fists, through the
boxing gloves.
The hold of the spacecraft was manned with angels of light personally lent by Jehovah
One.
They supervised the demon teams operating on all tangible destruction.
So, the whole of the spacecraft was manned with angels of light personally lent by Jehovah One. They supervised the demon teams operating on all tangible destruction.
So, the whole of the spacecraft was manned with angels of light personally lent by Jehovah One.

They were all in attack mode.
Nagas, Orzuma, Shiva, Horus, Aeons, the dark bodies.
And at, at time and a half too.
It was expensive to ravage a planet.
No matter.
The host of judgement.
That which comes had finally arrived.
And on Jesus' birthday.
The Lord of the Rings.
What do you think, Dad?
His second in command, Jim Jones, stood by with the final attack coordinate, Codices.
A holographic map of Earth rotated slowly next to Jones in midair.
On its surface, grids of the natives' planetary defenses were lit up in green.
Ones, some depicting their pathetic communication structures in violet.
All in scale.
Quite pretty, actually.
A colorful net surrounded the sphere.
It would soon enough be dark.
These children wait for us below, Jesus.
We will walk among them and we will smile.
At your moment of choice, of course.
Jesus studied Jones' puffy, tired face in the pink glow of the neuron banks that ran around the walls of the mighty dreadnought and shuddered.
He was no stranger to resurrection of the undead.
But whoever had brought Jones around again had slipped up.
Something was missing.
Something else was added.
Something.
Jones had been waiting.
Something had been forced on him by the Djinn bankers who had financed this angelic war fleet.
Damn them.
He never forgot the price they had demanded for this mercenary raiding fleet.
He heard them.
Jones' constant reminders of their influence and expectations irritated Jesus no end.
Not to mention the annoying habit Jones had copied from Dobbs.
The twisted creature insisted on smoking a pipe, even here near the sensitive nerve relays.
Jones might have been left dead a little too long.
He moved with a constant jerk and always poked at his throat.
He never removed his sunglasses and he still took massive injections of methamphetamines even though they no longer had any effect on his regenerated shell.
You know, Jimbo, said Jesus, the best part is that they think there's an afterlife.
That's why they strung me up the first time.
They think like bugs down there.
I'm well aware of that, Commander.
It bothered Jones to be back on Earth so soon after his failure with the social programming research post he had been running there.
It wasn't really his fault.
The administration change at Central merely cut off the funding for it.
He was forced to abort the experiment.
There is a great deal of speculation about what is going to happen next.
Are you ready now?
The lights have gone down just slightly.
The Mr. Science Lecture Series.
Volume 1, Number 1.
The Mutron.
Delivered by the Reverend Seth Deitch, First Church of Mr. Science, Boston.
The Mutron.
The Mutron.
Outside the realm of conspiracy science and in the clear movement of the world,

in light of the so-called forbidden sciences,
we will find we have a far greater chance of understanding the true nature of the universe.
What the conspiracy feeds us under the guise of the most advanced system of natural philosophy
is nothing but a complex sham,
a decoy to hide from us the true fact of how much bigger and more complex
and nut-wrenchingly frightening a place the universe really is.
We are told about matter and energy and space and time,
as being either consistent realities governed by laws,
or as foggy abstracts that have no particular being outside of that of being
convenient linguistic aids to make the whole thing easier to swallow.
We at the Temporal Management Research Facility of the Church of Mr. Science of the Subgenius
have through rigorous probing through mountains of existing and well-known works on the subject of time
and its methods of control,
have discovered the key for blowing the whistle on the whole fraudulent world.

The fraudulent twaddle that is modern science.
This key is the Mutron.
The truth must now be told.
How it was covered up for so long would make a story intriguing enough for a separate book,
but it's too involved to be told here.
The actual issue at hand is the Mutron and its pivotal role in the management of the true cosmos.
In order to properly understand the following,
it must first be made clear what actually constitutes an elementary particle.
The first of these basics is the fact that the Mutron is a particle.
The first of these basic particles is the electron,
which has no mass but possesses a charge that is commonly described as possibly infinite,
thus making it the fundamental unit of energy.
It and other related particles, i.e. positrons, photons, gravitons, etc.,
acting in concert make up the Iacotismic field,
which is responsible for holding everything that is anything together.
The second is the much rarer infinite mass particle,
commonly called a black hole.
These particles, like the electrons, occupy no space,
but the influence of a single particle can be felt at a much greater distance.
They often have event horizons many miles wide,
beyond which not even light can escape.
The third fundamental particle is the Mutron.
The Mutron carries with it an infinite temporal capacity
that makes it alter the rate and intensity and general quality
of the passage through time of anything it touches.
The Mutron is very likely the rarest particle in this universe.
As far as we know, there might well be only one of them,
though there could be as many as a few dozen
without generating a dangerous concentration of Mutron phenomena.
The first segment of this report will deal with the general implications of the Mutron
in regards to existing ideas on the workings of the universe.
The second will concern the incredible potentialities
of using the potent forces of the Mutron in time control research
and in practical time control.
Section A.
Just how fucking big everything really is.
What we know as the universe can be envisioned as a giant atom
with the black hole acting as the nucleus
and the Mutron or Mutrons acting as the electron cloud,
with the electrons providing the energy for the Mutron
to drive us forward through time.
Just about everything else in the universe is just so much debris,
cluttering up the works of things.
The fact that there is one such atom
more than suggests the existence of others.
The Mutron has a corresponding antiparticle known as the tachyon,
which travels through time in a direction which we perceive as backwards,
so that to someone who is not in the know
it will appear to exceed the speed of light.
The simple fact of the matter is that tachyons are extra-universal mutrons
impinging on our universe at a different temporal angle.
These are the mutrons of atom universes that ours is in compound with.
After this the atomic metaphor breaks down.
A six million year cycle will end in 1998.
Dobbs sees the world entering a new aeon
which in a few years
will bring more wondrous and miraculous change
and carnage, insanity and destruction
than all of mankind's history and prehistory before it.
Bob brings a new destiny for America.
A time of cataclysmic economic change
that will offer untold riches and power to those in the know,
while billions of deserving conspiracy dupes
fry in hell on earth.
Controlled thinking, controlled by Bob,
will usher in a spiritual rebirth
and a cascade of astounding mysteries,
supernatural bridges,
and a restoration of lost psychic abilities
to totally transform the lives of those who dare to seek them and pay for them.
That's right, you're lucky to live in the end time.
Here's my money, Bob!
Wise up!
That's right, dear friends, wise up.
And I must apologize there for the choice of language used at one point
by Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger there with the Church of Mr. Science.
I'm sorry.
He cut in on our normal broadcasting spectrum wavelength here
and inserted that into our show,
that it was not an official part of the Subgenius show.
You did not hear that.
It does not exist technically as part of the tapes that I chose to play.
I just want you to know that, dear friends.
That's pretty important around here.
And I'll probably...
get in loads of serious trouble.
Uh...
What have...
Whoa!
Thanks to St. Byron Werner for that incredible piece of music.
Yeah, and thanks to Reverend Bleepo Abernathy for recording
the barrage that we were hearing for a...
a lot of the stuff that we've heard tonight, actually.
Yeah!
And thanks to the people who have been with us for the last...







to get you...
the difference from being silenced by a global conspiracy.
Weird men arise!
Find out who they are and how to smash them.
You probably already knew that the U.S. Government is a sham,
something propped up there for you to blame.
But did you know that the real powers that be are not even people?
That they are actually shambling?
Unbelievable, unmentionable, un-
What are you talking about?


Unthinkable things?
Yes!
Jehovah is an alien and still threatens this planet!
Defy the sinister star forces which mock us all.
Evil demons have kept the truth from humanity for thousands of years.
God has been misquoted all this time.
His actual words may disturb you,
but Bob Dobbs is a bulwark.


Against the unbearable fear and anxiety tormenting mankind.
There's no prob with Bob.
I don't know who he's with or what the deal is,
but I know that if I stay close to Bob,
I'll be safe in those Gleaguers in Arkansas.
I know those creatures can't get a hold of me if I just
hang around the Foundation.
And do what they say and, you know,
clean up after them a little bit.
I don't mind doing that kind of work if it's for a good cause.
I know that Bob,
I know that Bob is a good cause.
Bob took me inside his heart.
And I accepted him into my life.
And I'm here to testify, friends,
what that man has done for me,
if you can really call him a man.
Many people say he's almost like a god.
I don't think so.
Of course, I don't know Bob,
but I do know Bob in certain ways.
And I think you understand what I'm talking about.
Yes, Bob, he filled me with the sort of the spirit I never knew I had.
And I knew it wasn't coming from him.
It was coming from inside me.
Bob was giving it to me.
He was laying hands on me from afar.
He might have been up in that great big jet plane,
or he might have been down on Skid Row
giving some bum a haircut.
But all I know is it was Bob.
It was Bob.
Bob.
Yeah, he's smiling.
You never see Bob frown.
You know that behind that amazing smile
there lies a mind like a steel trap.
I'm sure he makes mistakes like
what he did with those young women that time.
But I think the newspapers exaggerated that.
I know that Bob will do all of us fine
in the long run.
In fact, I think I know that we really need Bob
in our lives.
In our lives.
In 1981.
And in 1984.
Hi, little brother.
And in 1991.
And in 1995.
When they bring the conspiracy to its heels.
And in that wondrous year that we know
is going to come all too soon upon us.
And we'll leave our earthly things behind
and we'll go and join the exes
from God only knows what strange planet
they come from, if they really even come
from a planet at all and not some energy star
beaming away in the darkness.
Lighten our lives with the technology
and the spirituality and the mentality
of Planet X.
Planet X coming down to take care of us subgeniuses
and see that there's a place for us in the world
and give us our rightful seat at the right hand of Bob
or the left hand of Bob, depending on whether we're
rewardians or mediocrities.
But I don't want to get lost in the dogma.
I want to tell you something that blesses my heart.
And it's Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Yeah, I can hear him.
I can hear him talking off there in the distance
saying, come to me Tommy.
Come to me and lay down your material things
because you know they are going to mean much to you
after that divine year.
And after I lay my hand on you and lead you up the steps
of that magnificent craft.
And we'll board it and go to the stars.
That's right Tommy.
We'll go to the stars.
You and me.
That's what Bob said.
Bob said that to me.
Tighten these cranial sutures down.
See the patient suffered from a...
Subdural hematoma which had suffused the dura and pia matter of the brain.
You see now this is in a dark discolored elongate mass which...
Uh oh.
He's crumpling...
He sent those body parts in from Oklahoma soon.
Running out of fingers.
Yes, well we tried to mail them but the mail was disgruntled that day.
Grunt.
Yes.
What a sickening operation this is.
It's strange.
This is what the Indians can do to a guy.
The Indians did this to puzzling evidence because he violated their sacred burial space.
It was thus reawakened to the...
You know it's terrible what they do when they...
Look at this.
This is the body of someone who's been out in the hot sun and...
Well from these...
From this evidence you can imagine what's been done.
It's certainly not a pretty sight now.
Now we're going to open.
Here we go.
Well let's...
Household...
Yes.
All right and look at the surface.
It's...
Splattered me in the face there.
Ah what a joker.
No harm done.
Now we're going to break the vinyl rib at the top.
Ah geez.
He seemed to be...
He registered that a little bit.
Maybe he felt it.
Nurse can we have the...
We have some...
Can we have someone please try to help us restore the breathing of this patient?
Suction please.
Ah thank you.
I didn't expect us to put this back together yet.
All right now let's remove the book lungs.
You see it's just like a book right here.
And if we can take the giggly saw and you'll stop laughing in that unseemly fashion we
can penetrate through the inner bony carapace to the epigastrium.
All right here we are.
Note the whitish viscous surface.
Face to face.
Notice that this passage appears to be blocked with some sort of mucilaginous roughage.
We call it the roughage of knowledge here on the show.
Now notice...
Oh the sucking chest wound.
Oh!
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.






Oh the fumimose.
This is a repugnant sight but one which those versed in medical knowledge are often familiar
with.
Now I'm going to peel back the thin fatty layer beneath the adipose tissue which connects
to the mesentery...
Oh you're going too far.
...supporting these organs.
Ugh notice what is revealed before us...
You have a alien in a.
Ugh...
Yeah get that little alien out of there.
I can't see what I'm doing.
Look it's a big one.
just an infant baby go away stinky monster look what he did inside wellman's thorax
well let's penetrate a little further
operations over i'm sorry next patient please hold it hold it hold it we got to get this guy
back together this cannon can't do that's increased now let's uh go through the diaphragm
here which is no longer a spongy tissue but rather a hard uh and rigid surface after the
inception of rigor mortis here we are use this much jelly on his diaphragm
this is uh spermicidal ham jelly here
oh watch out for those loose connections boy that can kill you
into the now what we need to do is uh saw through the um
whoa
you clumsy fool you could have killed me this is no joke this is a serious scientific experiment
friends it's right this is no joke although we had her
listen to the swinging love corpses there in the background friends
oh
they're going wow this is a new
swinging love corpses album this is a song called the final squirt
that's uh ray hay on lead dr phylo drummond on bass and sphinx drummond on the keyboard
and i believe uh i can't remember that they trade out drummers they have mechanical drummers half
the time oh dear friends we had a caller who who said reverend stang i've listened to this show
twice now it's a real nice lady she goes but now are you all involved in devil worship
man she says yeah we don't believe that so no i don't see crap if i feel like i'm the god doい
man but we want plenty of leads to the ma스� at tąe
people who made devraitk
endman
you said we all over you do you think you can get us back
thank you and we all wanna see you said you could ya張
Bob's face she'd understand everything it would all become clear and you can
see Bob's face if you write to Bob and ask for a picture of Bob's face just say
send me Bob's face at P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights Ohio 44118
we go we deal with the with the the you know the sinners we went down to the
drunk tank dear friends we were gonna preach to the alcoholics and the
homosexuals now Bob he doesn't want him to quit drinking and fornicate no no
they know what's best for him they're men but but they say they all say Bob
Bob you're a great man you're a rich man how can you understand my problems I'm
only a wayward sinner but old Bob Dobbs friends Bob's been in every jail cell he
knows the prisoner he's walked in the shoes of the
alcoholic
dear friend he's walked in the shoes of the fornicator he's walked in the shoes
of the common thief and most important friends he's walked in the shoes of the
shoe salesman he's been on both sides of the law he's been through all them
drugs friend oh he's a sinner and he's a saint because he's Bob oh yes I can feel
the spirit of Bob moving in Dallas tonight all across those radio waves the
evil one is out there he's making those bad backwards miracles so yeah yeah he
is he gave he's got them good bad bad good
two backwards time streams running through all them drivers out on the
Mixmaster I feel him out there cuz I'm in the vision up I'm in discernment I'm
in the spirit friends I see a young man is listening out there but he's bound by
habit by bad habbits he's frustrated in that traffic jam down there on i-30
right now they got him listening to them record albums you can hear the devil
talking backwards on those that foreigner music that that that that
that rock and roll music with lyrics.
You can hear the devil talking backwards.
And he depends on the satellite-beamed-in cable TV movies
with Burt Reynolds and car crashes and women.
Oh, aren't they lost, dear friends?
But they do.
These pinks out there do have that foot gland,
that one remnant of their soul,
that rectangular gland that's connected to their monies.
My friends, they can be freed by parting with that which hath enslaved them.
Can you hand them that pamphlet?
Oh, friends, the scales fall from their eyes.
But you know, when those pink boys discover Bob,
it's either truth or death.
For the love of Bob can kill normals, friends, yes?
Yes, but Bob's men are moving on this planet.
Oh, that planetary alignment that came up,
the Jupiter effect, oh, I'm now sure that may have caused earthquakes and volcanoes
and the Earth to tilt on its axis.
And men will, in the end times to come,
men will gnash their brains
and think backwards.
Dead Christians will come up from their graves,
shambling and rotting like not of the living dead,
but through it all, helping to profit from it all
is that one mighty link between heaven and earth, that Bob.
Oh, yeah, I can see it now.
The miracle of the Bob world is unfolding.
They're wading up to their knees in blood, dear friends,
but it's the blood of the baptism of the mighty fist face of Bob,
that face that can pile through eight foot thick,
titanium steel conspiracy fork-knock stores with that mighty pipe.
Oh, he ain't from another planet.
He ain't something we have to bow down and kiss to.
He's a man.
Oh, well, you can pull Bob's leg and he'll laugh right along with you
because Bob, he's been a fool just like you and me.
Bob's been a pathetic fool, and I tell you what,
that J.R. Bob Dobbs will be a fool again.
He's a fool today, he's a fool tomorrow,
because he's the same Bob.
He's always the same Bob, and he's working for you and me.
But it's that foolishness that has kept man from being satisfied with his lot,
that has kept man building his great gas-powered automobile engines,
his nuclear reactors that made him want to master the earth
no matter how nice it might have been before.
And it gives us, friends, it gives us that mighty hate,
the hate that makes us want to smite our brothers,
the hate that makes us get up in the morning,
and friends, without that foolishness,
and that mighty hate, why, we'd be no different from those normals,
because we'd have nothing to gripe about.
And it's the mighty gripe power and the hate that gives us something for nothing.
Oh, in the long run, we may be poor and broke,
we may be drunk and neurotic,
but we've got Bob, and they hate!
And for that, we can hate him!
Hate him! Hate him!
And that's the power that we have, and they don't have.
Oh, they got plenty of that diddly kind of hate.
Oh, I hate President Reagan.
Oh, I hate my job.
I hate myself.
That's the sick hate, friends.
That ain't no kind of hate at all.
We got that all-inclusive kind of hate, that hate essence.
And it's the love of the hate that allows us to put up with just about anything,
so we can do something about it,
because the Bob hate is indistinguishable from the Bob love.
It's what keeps him on his toes.
Bob is the aware man, the natural man.
He can be walking along, humming to himself, playing pocket pool,
but the inner Bob is aware.
He can hear the inner Bob.
He can hear a fly sniff on a mountain far away,
and he can go up to that fly and look that fly in the eye and say,
Son, I'd like to sell you a big old mound of waste byproducts from physical organisms.
And that fly will give his wings to Bob.
Bob is aware, and that's how he can sell to these inferior creatures.
And that fly, he's going to be a better fly for it.
All those other flies, they're flitting from pile to pile.
They see him just sitting there without any wings on that big old mound of Bob.
And they may laugh now, but what they're going to do is,
as winter goes by, summer goes by, all those other flies starve.
But that little Bob fly, he's still sitting there on that pile,
a munching away and a munching away.
And that pile does not change because Bob, my friends, does not change.
Oh, he changes his mind.
He might suddenly change all the doctrine in the whole church
right in the middle of a ritual to teach us all an important lesson.
But, oh, my friend, Bob Doggs does not change.
Hold that name on the tip of your tongue.
Bob. There's a B on either side, opposite poles.
That's the lesson right there.
Flip it over on your tongue.
Say it front way. Say it backwards. Say it upside down.
And what does it say? It says Bob.
Because Bob does not change.
His promise rings true.
But if you ain't been sprinkled in the blood of the head,
if you ain't been washed in the waste byproducts of Bob,
how are you going to get saved?
You can go to that party Saturday night, but you've got to be wearing Bob's shadow.
You can drink beer. You've just got to get Bob drunk, too.
And what about Wanda?
Oh, you're just going to have to give Wanda over to Bob.
That shouldn't be any problem, because Wanda, she found out from Bob how to get to heaven.
Sit down, boy.
Because, friends, if you're wondering, Bob can love.
Bob can love.
Radio job.
I didn't set foot in a church for three years.
I was just fed up to here with it.
After working as an announcer at stations in several cities, I finally got to Hollywood.
I was offered four jobs, and I took one with a major network.
In 1947, I made a business trip to Cincinnati.
And it was just about then that the Kenneth Arnold sighting of the so-called flying saucers hit the headlines.
And it caused a lot of conversation.
I, uh...
I, uh...
I noticed you keep looking out the window.
You wouldn't be looking for these, these, uh, flying saucers, would you?
Well, as a matter of fact, yes.
You don't think it's just some kind of a publicity stunt, then, huh?
No.
It's reasonable to suppose that there's life on other planets.
Maybe I, I ought to start looking for flying saucers, too.
If they do come from another planet, how will we know?
Listen, when the occupants condescend to tell us, that's when.
Just start looking for them, all right?

We got this.

We got this.
Good job.
Good job.
Good job.
Good job.
Good job.
Good job.
Good job.
Good job!
You know, Bob, you're getting to be a pretty big fella.
Yes, sir.
Maybe this is a good idea.
A chance for us to have a little talk.
Why, sure, Dad.
What's cooking?
Uh, remember the last time we talked about this, old body of ours...
It's fine, folks.

Yeah, I remember, Dad.
No.
Oh, here's a match. Your pipe's gone out again.
Well, thanks.
But when a doctor speaks of the male organ, he...
Well, he calls it a...
When a man and a woman are married, Bob,
they love each other very much.
And in showing their love,
their instinct is to embrace each other as if...
Well, as if to try to become the one person God intended them to be.
The sperm, as the doctors call it.
Is that the seed that helps make a new baby?
No, no, Bob.
Well, what I'm talking about now is the fluid
that contains the...
formed in two little sacks beneath the penis,
which we call the...
Oh, but, Dad, why do fellows get these...
these feelings before they get married?
That's a good question, Bob.
Why do you ask?
Well, there were some drawings in Bob's textbook.
I didn't mean to look at them honest, and...
Well, then some of the older girls...
Well...
You mean they talk about things sometimes?
Well, yes.
Bob!
Bob?
Yes, Bob.
Who's Bob?
Bob!
I know Bob, Bob, Dave.
Bob, that's Bob, that's...
Bob, that's the Bob.
Bob.
Bob, Bob.



To solidly commemorate the martyrdom
of the prophet herald of our faith,
called Bob.
And in today's program,
we're going to deal with the story
of the Bob's martyrdom
and the events surrounding it.
Wow!
On that blistering July summer day,
there were the barrels of 750 rifles
awaiting the command to fire.
And take Bob's life.
He seemed so young to die,
barely 30.
He was a handsome, gentle,
and confident man.
Could I possibly be guilty
of the shocking crime
of which he was accused?
Would you get off your knees?
Somewhat unorthodox, wouldn't you say?
Reverend Scott, but realistic.
You deliver sermons like this,
as if one of you are still an ordained minister.
Or are you?
The best kind.
Angry, rebellious,
critical, a renegade.
Stripped of most of my so-called clerical powers.
But I'm still in business.
Well, you seem to be enjoying the punishment.
Punishment?
Ha-ha!
The church has blessed me.
That's what it's done.
Vanished to some new country in Africa?
Hell, I had to look it up on the map
to find out where I was going.
Oh, my bishop doesn't know it,
but he has given me exactly what I wanted.
Elbow room.
Clear!
Clear!
Real freedom!
Freedom to dump all the rules or all the trappings.
And freedom to discover God in my own way.
But the hour for Christ's return was at hand.
The years between 1843 and 1847
were generally accepted as the time for the return of Christ.
A young man there,
declared that he was the one foretold
in all the holy books of the past.
He said he had come to usher in a new era,
a new springtime in the hearts of men.
He was called the Bob.
His name means the door or the gate.
And his teaching was to be the gateway
to the new age of unity.
The world is one country,
and mankind its citizens.
There is only one religion,
and all the prophets,
have taught it.
Hellfire!
All right!
Okay, there's something else too.
Now I noticed last Sunday
that one of you put a quarter
in the offering plate, see?
Yeah, Raymond Welch.
You're the one, you put a quarter in there.
You tight son of a...
I'd see all that, see?
I'm up here where I can see it.
Y'all don't...
even look or nothing.
I can see it.
I know whatever one of you is giving.
All right.
I'm gonna maybe go to another church.
I don't know.
I don't give a...
Because I just about come to the end of the road.
Here, I've just about lost patience with you people.
You know we need a Sunday school space out there.
And as Jesus had spoken to Peter, the fisherman,
the Babs spoke to a Persian student named Mullah Hussein.
Mullah Hussein described in his own words
what his experience was like.
I sat spellbound by his utterance,
oblivious of time.
His revelation so suddenly
and impetuously thrust upon me
came as a thunderbolt,
which for a time seemed to have benumbed
my faculties.
God is pretty busy.
He's got a long-term plan for humanity
that stretches far beyond our comprehension.
So it's not reasonable to expect him to concern himself with the individual.
The individual is important
only to the extent of providing a creative link
between the past and the future.
In his children,
or in his grandchildren,
or in the contribution he makes
to humanity.
Therefore,
don't pray to God to solve your problems.
Pray to that part of God within you.
Have the guts
to fight for yourself.
God wants brave souls.
He wants winners,
not quitters.
If you can't win, at least try to win.
God loves triers.

Is that right, Robin?
Right.
We're dealing with something totally alien.
Those hypnotic eyes.
Alien, totally alien.
Something that must be incredibly, unbelievably,
something totally alien.
Looks like it's growing.
The End
It's like I told Hitler that time.
Back when we were just a couple of running buddies.
One man's bummer is another man's beautiful thing.
And he always believed in that.
I think these guys in this van
are a bunch of stupid, loco, loony birds.
Well, Ben, this is a pretty cool place, though.
Even if I run my head.
The End
Robber.
Robber.
Robber.
Robber.
You've got to be a robber.
Robber.
Robber.
Robber.
You've got to be a robber
when you're singing this song.
Yeah, you've got to be a robber.
Robber all night long.
Well, you've got to be a robber.
Oh yeah.
Robber when you're singing this song.
You've got to be a robber.
Robber.


Oh, when you're singing this song.
You've got to be a robber.
Robber all night long.
Woo!
Robber.
Well, when you're singing this song.
Sifting a measured quantity of tanned flakes down into curved paper,
spreading the flakes
so that they lay equal at the ends,
with a slight depression in the middle,
thumbs rolling the paper's inner edge down and up
under the outer edge,
as forefingers pressed it over,
thumbs and fingers sliding to the paper's cylinder ends
to hold it even,
while tongue licked the flap,
left forefinger and thumb pinching their end,
while right forefinger and thumb smoothed the damp seam,
right forefinger and thumb smoothed the damp seam,
left forefinger and thumb twisting their end.
Robber.
You've got to stop robber.
Before you wreck your lungs.
You've got to stop robber.
Wreck your lungs.
If you don't stop robber.
You won't be green robber no more.
You've got to stop robber.
You've got black lung or something there.
Huh.
Ahhhhh.
You guys have been fronting for about four or five hours in a row now.
I'm going to lose you.
We're going to have to call stop to it.
Because you well know,
viewing lung is something that can't take that type of torment, anguish, pain,
or that long, stigmatary time.
So will you stop fronting now son, or?
You've got to stop robber.
Well, that's just, that's it.
Huh.
But you know what happens when you stop robbing.
Well then pretty soon you're going to come down.
So after then you know what's going to happen then.
You know what's going to happen when you come down.
You've got to stop robber.
Oh, for fuck sake.
Oh, friends, that's the swinging love corpses.
The uncharacteristic song,
You Got to Stop Froppin'.
Say, mama, come back now.
I'll tell you right now.
You got to stop froppin'.
Froppin', froppin', froppin'.
You got to stop froppin'.
Yes, that's Dr. Philo Drummond singing.
The Bob's Right Brain Man,
and the co-founder of the Church of the Subgenius,
now an obscure garage band bass player.
You ain't proud of me.
But you're going to be whacking me, pal.
You can write to Bob at P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118, www.subgenius.com.
Oh, my tooth.
Sire, there is no more money.
We got to get some money.
That dirty, purgish, hard-to-packed flat we bought myself.
Oh, my tooth.
Oh, my tooth.
Oh, my tooth.
Oh, my tooth.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show,
and we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but Subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob,
and want some of that slack,
back to rebound to you,
you should go to Subgenius.com front page,
or especially the radio page,
or the catalog store pages,
and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty,
and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference,
even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that,
blowjobs could go the way of Steve Jobs,
if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to Subgenius Foundation.
P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help Let There Be Slack.
Yes!
Money!
Bob!
Yes!
Money!
Bob!
Yes!


Free contact!
Sex!
Money!
Bob!
Free pills!
Sex!
Money!
Bob!
Free pills!
Sex!
Money!
Bob!
Free pills!
Sex!
Money!
Bob!
Kill me!
Sex!
Money!
Bob!
