More than two decades after the Doors, he's still hot, he's sexy, and he's hunting
rabbits. He's Elmer Fudd.
White as on a storm, and rabbits in the woods.
Forget Val Kilmer. Elmer Fudd is Jim Morrison.
Rabbit, yes doc? I want to kill you.
With a maroon.
Kill the rabbit, kill the rabbit, kill the rabbit.
Come on baby, wipe my fire.
It's right to set the night on fire.
Mr. Fudd, Mr. Fudd, you've gone too far.
Leave me alone.
There's a city ordinance against cooking a rabbit on stage.
Let's just say I was testing the boundaries.
Okay.
It's a reality.
There are things known, and there are things unknown.
And in between there is Elmer Fudd.
Aw nuts, a bad ass and twipper.
Rabbits, rabbits, rabbits.
Elmer Fudd is Jim Morrison.
Coming soon to a theater near you.
Quiet, understand?
All right, we're going to run lines in 2D.
Come on boys.
It's locking up.
Quiet!
Roll sound.
D.
C5 take 54.
There's 220 million Americans out there.
Can't wait to have their minds twisted and bent.
If I can't do it, by God, nobody can.
I'm going to have to do it again.
Action.
The Self Genius Hour of Slash.
My fellow roaches, today we face a cataclysmic crisis.
Once again, greedy humans are attempting to withhold food from us, just as they have for
millions of years.
They were not content to simply throw us out of the Garden of Eden.
Now they are on a mission to destroy us.
Through all the centuries of conflict, we roaches as a species have never killed a single
human being.
Not one.
So why is man obsessed with the idea that he has the right to annihilate us, to commit
genocide on an entire race?
I'll tell you.
It's because man feels what he does not understand.
He's not interested in the future.


We think he has the right, and he lives up to our plans.
I trust the only person left to trust.
Me.
Get off the air!
Can you be ready for four, four, four, four, four, four, four, four, four, four!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
All right, now imagine if you will, nothing.
Nothing.
Nothing.
We hear God's voice.
Oh, thanks, God.
Yeah, where's the voice of God there?
You only hear that on the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack, dear friends.
Very few other radio, religious radio programs will actually play the voice of the Lord God on the radio.
A tape, an old tape, in fact.
In this case, submitted by Olo T. Schickl.
Yes, a new contributor to the show.
There's bits and pieces of his varying material coming up.
And, well, in the show script notes, it says, could cut in here.
So I'm cutting in to, well, I guess to catch some of the subgeniuses up on recent news.
We're about to mail out a newsletter.
And since the Hour of Slack listeners don't seem to be readers for the most part,
I'll go ahead and tell you what is on this little newsletter.
It says here, no.
In answer to the question most asked of us lately, we are not dead.
Not only are we still alive and twitching reflexively, friends,
but we have just indeed achieved our greatest victory.
Yet, for lo, lo, it is done.
Revelation X, the Bob Apocryphon, the last New Testament.
Our fourth book for the mainstream conspiracy publishers of Simon & Schuster has indeed been finished.
What's a good background music I could put on for this sort of news?
You know, and at least, dear friends,
it is written.
Yes, it is written.
And the existing art has been woven into it.
And it lies to lies now to perform the final design work.
And finally, now we begin the long and arduous process of catching up with everything and everyone that had to be put off for the last few months.
See, people who didn't order anything from us probably had good reasons.
They had to think that we'd closed up shop, closed the church,
because due to the book deadline pressures and sabotage by the conspiracy,
we haven't mailed out a...
We'll admit it, we haven't mailed a new start fist in almost two years.
We didn't even send out excess bus cards.
And if you aren't lucky enough to live in a town where the hour of slack is broadcast weekly,
why, there has been little to indicate to you that we were alive.
In fact, somebody called the station.
From Austin last week and asked Ranger Rita if it was true that Reverend Stang had died.
And I'm afraid that's wishful thinking on the parts of you backsliders.
Some of you backsliders, most likely, I figure.
Uh, sorry.
I hate, I hate too much.
And I owe too much to die yet, you sorry bastards.
Anyway, our new book, which incidentally is so utter,
and relentlessly true,
that old-time sub-genii and newcomers alike
will be laughing till their guts bleed
and be fouling their pants with sheer astonishment.
This new book, now, it was supposedly finished last year.
Uh, but the task of organizing and translating the 48 lawn bags
full of Dobbs scrawlings on post-it notes,
old envelopes, pizza crumb,
and so forth,
and distilling all that down into 200
profusely illustrated pages of purity of essence.
Of Dobbs' word.
That ended up taking two years.
And we should have stopped answering personal mail and phone calls a lot sooner.
So don't feel bad, uh, listeners,
if yours wasn't the only letter, article, tape,
hate mail, inane question, artwork, magazine, book videotape request
to make you famous, anything.
Whatever.
That had to be set aside temporarily.
Uh, yeah, we got this mountain of brown envelopes full of confessions and things, uh,
stacking up.
Half the hour of slack contributors probably didn't know until now
that their stuff was played on the show.
Uh, uh, but, uh,
but you know, dear friends,
we are engaged in an effort
to conquer the entire planet
or else leave it a smoldering wreck!
And all of us exist only to be used by Dobbs
however he sees fit!
And if we waste time responding in kind
to everything that's said to us, we'll never have time to see that it is
used properly.
And, uh,
So there will be a new stark fist, uh, ASAP, whatever that means.
You know, uh, sales have slowed down a bit due to our
a book required exit from the information superhighway traffic jam.
And, uh, Bob has seen fit to let the conspiracy test us
by denying us funds for printing all the thousands of pages of material that has accumulated,
uh, a lot of its runoff from the new book and so forth.
And, oh dear friends, this year has been a financial challenge for our ministry.
We're clinging, we're clinging by a bare thread,
dangling by a ribbon of skin from our very teeth.
Uh, but, well, you know, for the subgenius foundation, that's normal.
But now with the great burden of the book lifted,
we intend to modernize, yes, and finally hook up our donated old beat-up modem
and get online and with it like the computer geeks and the rival cults
and start finding new ways to get the information we need.
We're publishing shorter, faster stark fists.
And who knows, maybe we'll even start advertising.
And if and only if the faithful subgeni do what they know they must do.
And those of you who have written for free information know what it is you must do.
The information is free.
But are you, friend, are you free?
Are you truly free?
Anyway, our little, uh, catch-up newsletter here, I'll say,
also tells people how they can get the hour of slack on their local radio show
or their local mailbox and how to sponsor a subgenius,
devival, uh, and, uh, why they didn't get their order.
It's probably because the postal, somebody ripped it off in the mail.
That's the only possible reason.
Don't accuse us of ripping you off prematurely.
And, uh, and I should mention very quickly,
upcoming subgenius devivals, uh, if you're able to travel,
there's nothing coming up close here in Dallas.
But we've got, well, let's see, we'll do this more, more like the old,
yeah, we've got a lovely tent show revival coming up,
Winter Star, February 23 and 27.
That's in, at a pleasant resort in rural north central Ohio.
Uh, and you've also, Robert Anton Wilson and,
and, uh, Pope Bob Wilson and Timothy Leary.
All three of them will be there, yacking and ranting and whatever.
And, uh, but to, to, to get to that expensive seminar revival in, uh, Ohio,
why, you'd have to, you'd have to call the station here and find out.
Actually, we'll give the number, uh, you got that pencil ready?
Just call ACE in Cleveland at 216-925-7000.

932-5421.
And leave them your address and they'll let you know.
And friends, of course, the Portland pilgrimage is coming up.
X Day, July 5th, 1994.
Of course, it's a pre-X Day sort of a dock stock.
This will be the greatest dock stock ever.
My friends, I know it will be.
And that's all you need to know for now.
Just be in Portland.
Make that pilgrimage.
July 5th, 1994.
Dragon Con, uh, July 4th, 1994.
July 5th, 1994.
And the 15th through 17th in Atlanta.
Why, that'll be a lovely revival.
The Swingin' Love Corpses will be providing the religious music.
Uh, yours truly, Reverend Stang will be preaching.
And the lovely, uh, grinding and bumping Reverend Susie the Floozy.
Ah, yes.
So, uh, you listeners in Atlanta, be ready for that.
Uh, and you, uh, Cleveland area listeners, of course, uh, be aware of Starwood.
Uh, Starwood in the, uh, near, uh, July 19th through 24th.
Yes, well, I just gave that number at Ace.
Yeah, look him up in the phone book.
Uh, so, that's enough, dear friends, of, uh, church, churchly news.
Yes, good, lovely church news.
And, uh, now, we shall go back into a show.
A special show for you tonight.
I...
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Uh, yes.
Booyah, booyah.
Ha!
It was sneaky.
It was sneaky.
But, you know, we talked about that.
Uh, you might be...

You might be into something and neither forces...
Neither forces.
We found out there's some things you don't play games with.
You don't...
People you say, you can't...
You don't mess around with somebody else's religion.
Well, there ain't...
Ain't no problem to mess around with somebody's damn religion.
religion, it's a, it's a, when you start to frown with the damn, neither part, you start,
start stirring up. Suddenly everything's going wrong, and what you gonna do about it, huh?
What you gonna do to get straight, huh? Ain't much you can do if you said all,
all, said everything all, all messed up, out of balance. You kind of get everything,
feel like nothing's gonna work right. Get it, why'd you ever get out of bed in the morning?
You've been making jokes about the dark side, eh? Thought it was real funny. You gonna pull
the devil's leg, are ya? Hell, go ahead, son, go ahead.
Little girlie, you just go ahead and make fun. You make fun. Yeah. Oh, let's go, let's go spray paint the graveyard.
Yeah, that's a good idea. Why don't you go, go try that. Oh, let's go mess around. Let's go make a fake bleeding head
on a palm tree launch it. Oh, let's go set up our bob altar and worship for aliens. Hey, you just go ahead and do it.
Hey, you just go ahead.
Hey, you just go ahead.


We did it as deep as you. We took money for it. But we know our souls are damned. Not much we can do now, but try to stay so
fropped up we don't think about it.
And I frankly suggest that you may be in it too deep to do otherwise yourself. You're just a bobby, ain't ya? You wanted to be cool. You thought you'd get in with the cool set.
That's there as a coolב
And you wouldn't let you in. You're just a bobby, aren't you?
You ain't.
We laugh at YOU, boy.
You just said, ah, we . . .
You kinda, we make fun of . . .
What's the matter beggin' to sit there?
Don't like to think about it, huh?
Don't like to think about it?
Nah Polish, I just thought you were getting on it.
So you thought it'd be a good idea to take acid and let's do a space flight?



genius tape eh? Yeah well I hope you're having fun now.
I'll see you next time.
Take what you want as the truth The evidence is no proof
I really don't mean to spook you when Your head is so empty
There are scars in your eyes
Yeah well I hope you're having fun now.
Little angel please don't listen to Bob
Oh little angel please don't listen to Bob
I know that he's calling yeah but the price is too high
Oh little angel please don't listen to Bob
Oh little angel please don't listen to Bob
P.U.
I just feel awkward about it.
The puzzling evidence that remains is the number of wounds on Bob's body.
The exit wounds, the wounds that apparently came through the floor,
Or the ones that came Jane-er-ward, and all of them.
Yes, the multiple bullet theory, the multiple Bob theory.
What are we to believe, Dr. Hall?
Well, recently, I was reading an article in this sub-journal,
and they say that Bob might have had a closet full of very carefully constructed,
lifelike Bob robots that resemble him absolutely down to the slightest cuticle.
But I consider this, of course, another tissue of lies and absolute errant nonsense.
U.S. Supreme Court, Washington, D.C.
I write, demanding a rehearing of my worst and lowest deadly gangster police state criminal conviction,
which appeal case was, in your farce, deadly gangster ghetto communist,
gangster computer god-manipulated gangster court.
Below, I state some of the many reasons for said rehearing,
plus all of my evidence the Attorney General chicanerously forwarded to the Bar Association Grievance Committee.
You'll wake up and you'll say, my God, what happened?
I guess this is...
I thought the conspiracy was a metaphor all along.
I thought it was some kind of a joke.
A joke, that's what you'll be saying, I guess.
I thought the conspiracy was a joke.
Hey, what happened?
I mean, you mean, you mean there really was a conspiracy?
You mean I could have had slack and I blew it?
I blew it?
You mean, you mean there really is?
There is?
A bar?
Look at the madness that goes on.
You've done what you wanted, lost what you had.
Puzzle man, evidence.
I'm seeing puzzle man, evidence.
I keep dreaming about it.
And then I wake up and try and tell myself it's a bad dream, but it isn't.
There isn't always a happy ending.
I should have told you that.
Did you say that's significant that the last thing I'll ever hear is a laugh track?
Who are the people who do all the laughing?
Yes, the phone company told you about problems?
I wonder how much you get paid for laughing.
You know, some of those people died since they recorded those laughs.
But they go right on laughing.
Right?
Yeah.

I think it's time some kind of a special Project RAJICA Bob
came up on the phone



You do think that was very tricky?


He's not just bringing up their future,
he's bringing up themselves.

Been thinking, right? He's been talking about it.
Sluck? Sluckin' Bob.
You mean sluppin', McGuff?
Oh God, lead them out of this, please.
We don't want to think about that during the weekend.
The Thing. Can you take it? Next 17 exits.
The Thing. Fresh cherry cider for sale.
The Thing. It grows on Puzzle Gavinus' forehead.
The Thing.
Scientific wonder. Free ice cream for the guineas.
That's right. Hitler's Rolls Royce. The Thing.
The Thing. Diamond Jim Brady's diamond.
The Thing. Wax museum and UK Corral replica forest.
The Thing. John Villager's cucumber in Alphamore.
The Thing. Brady's cucumber in a...
in a test tube.
In a covering solution.
Charged with millions of megavolts of atomic energy.
The Thing.
Something about a one-inch machine.
Yes, sir. I have more than one inch.
When you really have been called back.
Then yes, you've seen the other side.
And you want to know what's there.
I'll tell you what's on the other side.
Nothing. Absolutely nothing.
You die and there's simply darkness.
There can be.
No streets of gold.
No harps, no halos, no angels and saints.
It's all here, so you better live it up.
Make the most of the here and now, because that's what it's all about.
That's all there is.
You're lying.
You can't see any of the signs.
Why would I lie?
Nick, you're lying.
Tell me, why would I lie?
He could write a check.
Yeah, you could write a check all right.
But who's the scientist in the check?
Hmm. Yeah.
In the end, the signature is always the same.
You're hearing the voices now, aren't you?
Aren't you?
A.
It's merely a sport to them.
Yeah.
This is a special tape.
These compressed sound effect code release words in the background behind the voices
are designed to trigger those self-same voices in your head, your own head, generating those
voices.
But guess what?
It's going to be a while before you can turn them off.
It's going to be a little while before you can turn them voices off, sonny boy.
You should quit.
Take your headphones off now.
Before it's too late.
Oh, quit.
Take them headphones off.
Oh, go ahead.
Yeah.
You think we're kidding you, don't you?
Hey, you think it's all a big joke.
Oh, yeah.
We go and get a dumb subvenience tape.
It's comedy tape.
I play it for my friends.
They'll think I'm cool.
That's what you've got.
You've convinced yourself.
You possess.
And soon to be replaced.
At your request.
At the behest of those.
At the behest of those same.
Hmm.
Let the inevitable,
the irrevocable, the hasty,
die.
The older,
the stronger,
the stronger.
Was it worth it?
Was it really worth it in the end?
Was it worth 8.50?
Did you have a good time?
Did you enjoy your dreams?
Oh, you say that
frop stick was a little might too strong?
Strong for you, eh?
Thought you were gonna
have a good time, didn't you?
The signs
are apparent now.
Exactly.
Where did these thought processes lead?
Ahhh.
Ow.
This soul water we squeezed out of you tastes real good.
Even at this moment,
your consciousness is sending emissaries.
Fugitives.
Listen to them souls flying by.
Lost.
Arguing in this very moment.
You're gonna end up like that, boy.
Arguing with.
Sweetie.
The elder gods.
The elder gods.


They think they're civilized.
They think their civilized sciences
can explain away the forces.
They think they're civilized.
The forces.
Say your prayers
you sick
Say your prayers you sick
I just wanna be normal.

Say your prayers
you sick
You sick

No.
Nor.
Say your prayers, you sick bastard.
I just want to be normal sometimes.
That was only following my orders.
I admit some of my experiments perhaps went a bit too far.
Sometimes you have to be just a little bit special to be normal.
Say your prayers, you sick bastard.
Sometimes I invite my little friends to the kingdom and we do things they don't want to do and I have to kill them to be normal.
I had to kill her. She psychically willed me to kill her. I didn't want to kill her. I didn't choose to kill her.
Look at the madness that goes on.
You could really...
You could say that. You could. You could say that.
You could say that. You could. You could. But would Odin...
But Odin wouldn't mind if you...
You have been listening to, so far, on Subgenius Hour of Slack...
Well, just that last little bit there was by Jader Hypercletes and Southland Corporation.
Talking about wanting to be normal. How sad.
Well, I think, uh, quite a bit of the young Reverend Stang and Pope Sternodocs...
Uh, Kay Kaver.
In Hell.
Oh, it's a big joke.
It was when Reverend Stang's voice wasn't quite so ravaged as it is now.
Uh, before that, uh, some Dr. Howell and Gary Brogfran and Puzzling Evidence on the show from KPFA in Berkeley.
The Subgenius Show there.
Uh, quite a bit of, uh, media barrage cutting by Puzzling Evidence and also by yours truly, Reverend Stang.
Uh, Dr. Howell talking about Bob's exit wounds.
Oh, and that lovely song, Angelina Don't Listen to Bob.
It was by an Austin band called Fuzz.
Yes, Fuzz. Reverend Sam sent us that tape.
There's more from that coming up, bits and pieces.
Also, you heard some of Fuzz in the background.
When I was, uh, first, when I first cut in there earlier.
Yes, uh, and bits of the roach war against the humans from, uh, Twilight of the Cockroaches,
an otherwise quite forgettable, uh, cartoon.
Uh, the, uh, commercial for Elmer Fudd is Jim Morgan.
Hit it.
Here we go.
Here we go.

Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Pack it up baby, put on your best dress
The ship leaves soon, this land is a mess
I looked at the clock, it's almost well
Damn, time really flies with the world going to hell
No one seems to listen to people up to fight
I don't care for much, I just want to survive
Yeah, come on now, I can't take the stress
Don't forget the tickets, it's planned by man
Better think about the future
Yeah, it's time we planned it
Better think about our future
It's time we planned it
Time to get off this planet
So, pack your new eggs and grab our best
The ship leaves soon, this land is a mess
It's a mess, it's a mess, it's a mess
It's a mess, it's a mess, it's a mess
Come on now, it's all for the best
If we miss this ship, it hurts like ass
The clock keeps ticking, I can't take the stress
Time to leave, we fail the test
With a big old M, M, M
No one seems to listen to people up to fight
I don't care for much, I just want to survive
And I care
It's a mess, it's a mess, it's a mess
It's a mess, it's a mess, it's a mess
Better think about the future
Yeah, it's time we planned it
Better think about our future
It's time to get off this planet
So, pack your new eggs and grab that rest
The ship will break, it's time to land it
Yeah, it's time we planned it
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
⚠ ⚡ ⚡
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021


© BF-WATCH TV 2021


© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
They mention here the surge of interest in Indians, especially from Dances with Wolves, the great revisionist history there by Kevin.
But get this, friends.
Since 1960, the number of people who told the Census Bureau that they are Indian has tripled to about 1.8 million.
In the last 10 years, the number of people who claim to be Indian in New Jersey, for example, grew by nearly 80%.
Well, now it's really cool to be an Indian, friends.
And Dallas Morning News had an article about the same thing this morning.
Quoting Clyde Bellacourt, co-founder of the American Indian Movement,
whose house I moved into right after he and Russell Means moved out.
See, there's part of the connection.
People used to show up at our place in South Dakota going,
Is Clyde and Russell here?
We go, No. No, they moved out.
No.
It's 40 degrees below zero.
Can you drive me to Rosebud?
Sure.
Clyde Bellacourt calls these non-Indian New Age medicine people, shake and bake medicine people.
In just a few easy steps, he says, something ordinary becomes something new.
I don't care if he's charging five cents a person, he's still exploiting Indians and he's wrong, Mr. Bellacourt said.
Once you charge people, you lose your power.
He said.
Mr. Halbick, this is the local sweat lodge white boy, said the $20 charge is for the counseling he gives people who come to the ceremony.
And because he's given up his psychotherapy practice, now we see the pay.
The sweat lodge is his only source of income.
And this guy, this local guy who does grandmother earth sweat lodges and, you know, the womb, you die.
He's a great guy.




He didn't know it back then, but Indian spirits have always been watching over him.
Hey, what happened to Mike?
Hey, Mike.
Was that my headphones or was that me?
Only you know, friend.
Anyway, he believes these Indian spirits led him to the belief he calls the braided way, a compilation of sweat lodge ceremonies he experienced from various tribes.
But as the Native Americans say, now with this whole New Age movement.
White people come to our ceremonies.
They blink their eyes and they had a vision.
The next thing you know, they're leading the sweat lodge.
And Dallas and Fort Worth area Indians, some are angered that Mr.
Halbick has not only taken something that is sacred to them, but changed it to suit his needs.
Well, friends, I think they're both right.
I think that that there's you know, there's no law that says you can't rip off another religion.
Christ.
Look at the Church of the subgenius.
We ripped off the best from all of them.
And we use a.
But why?
Why can't these people be original?
That's what I want to know.
Why does it have to be?
You know, why do they have to rip off somebody else's religion?
Why can't they make one up?
It's not that hard.
We never slowed us down a bit.
Boy, this.
My mic is really sounding funny to me.
Anyway.
You know, I mean, we sure we use the sake.
We use a different.
We use a different sacred pipe.
Okay.
We're not going to swipe the Indian sacred pipe.
We got Bob's pipe.
Bob will share it with old chief.
What's egg roll man there?
I don't want to get into that old satanic subgenius doctrine.
But it's a lovely thing.
And we'll go back to the horror of the tapes and the hell of the roaches.
We the subgeni who shall inherit the earth.
Oh, yes.
Oh, this is the Nurk twins in the background again.
Lovely, lovely piece there.
Could you could say that?
You could say that.
I'm not going to say.
You could say.
You can say it.
I don't think old man would care.
I mean, you don't think the bro.
Heliopter for a pill would never be mine.
What we were doing.
I mean, I think it's.
It's broke.
And if you decide to burn your draft card.
Then burn your birth certificate at the same time.
From that moment on.
I have no son.
.

.
.









.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Another day I'd be an Egyptian pharaoh, sealed away in my tomb on the Great Pyramid.
Then I'd come to life, rise out of my coffin and come back into the world,
and nobody ever guessed the secrets locked away in my ancient brain.
I've got goosebumps.
You don't have to worry about the pharaohs. I gave them strict instructions to stay out of sight today.
I'm serious.
It's obvious to any intelligent observer that God chose the roach to inherit the world.
We are much more adaptable than man. We can live where man cannot.
We are able to eat food that would turn man's stomach and sicken him.
Most important, our race is in tune with the great forces of nature.
We know who we are.
We roaches have established an unbroken chain of genealogy that transcends the ages,
and we are proud of it.
And we will fight back.
For every hundred that are killed, we'll breed 10,000 reinforcements.
And for every 10,000 lost, a million more will rise in their stead.
I give you my solemn oath. We roaches shall prevail!
Too much work. It's a waste of my time.
Anyway, what's the point?
I'm never gonna be one of those cockroaches who spends his life with his nose to the ground scrambling around looking for food.
America is waiting for the best of a couple of swords or another.
His name will be registered.
We can't register his life.
You gotta get your CV.
It's a genius beat party.
I wanted you so much I couldn't stay in that chair anymore. I just couldn't.
And look at this. It says here the mud tribes are gonna fight the Nazis in the stadium.
I hope we don't miss out on that. That could be a really good show.
Do you still insist, Exeter, that we can allow any of these earth creatures to have free minds?
Within five years, the United States will be not...
We'll...
cease to exist.
We're living in terrible, perilous, chaotic times.
Praise the Lord. And these times are not gonna get any better, my friend.
Amen. They're gonna get worse and worse.
So I saw this thing coming...
I saw this thing coming to me.
I didn't know what it was, but...
It looked funny.
...we didn't have to put anything on.
Clever deceptions, which have surrounded our space program.
Perhaps this is as good a time as any to take a few minutes to repeat a message...
...that seems frequently lost in the hustle and bustle of our daily activity.
You're listening to the Hour of Slack on KNON.
Keep listening, you idiot!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Else I shall kill you!
The parchment is sound.
Thumbnail box.
by your willingness to participate
in keeping us afloat just a little bit longer.
You did sign the application.
We are ready to proceed.
We've got your birth date, place of birth,
social security number,
your credit card numbers.
We know where your mother lives, your family.
We know where to find that which you thought was hidden.
And now you've got to give us everything else you've got
while we drink the fluids squeezed from your very soul.
Ah, listen, it's brewing.
I think the fluid is just about ready, Doctor.
Let's have a sip of the nectar
of your mother's soul.

this victim's soul through his headphones.
The coughing you cannot resist. I think he's drained almost dry, doctor. For as
Bob has said, every penny freely given counts as a certain percentage of
another one made ill in the eyes of the Elder God.
Never should have sat away for that little take back. Playing with the Elder Gods, making fun, making fun.
You ever notice the coincidences? You noticed the coincidences, I don't doubt that.
You thought they were just coincidences, didn't you?
Wasn't that an entire
magazine?
I would appreciate it if you could rather attach the
utarga captions to the fucka
הgruppy
dzie
sz
Okay, okay, this is the false FCC. Go ahead.
I'm not saying nothing about none of this to nobody.
Oh, I just sprained my ankle, so I thought I'd stay here in the studio and see if the swelling went down.
Then I was going to go home, essentially.
Then he opened wide, rolled, and flickered.
I vibrated.
It's not that funny.
BB finally smoothed.
I got an eye dent I can use for you.
Ram the bam!
He was off again, flickering and rolling hard.
Just Ram will do.
Said Monroe.
He finally quieted down.
Well, Ram, I get the percept that you were just a locked-in, hooked-on human until this thing came up.
You had some strong action after that.
You didn't have much smarts.
Monroe plies.
I still don't have much.
BB says,
And you sure do things the hard way.
I rolled a little.
Percept you can do any better?
Says Monroe.
BB flickered.
Why, any dumb curl with only half his eye dent could.
I cut in.
Once they join up, we're able to get them off to one of our subgenius retreats,
change their diet, start feeding them propaganda,
repeating the same thing over and over again until they forget who they are,
and start responding only to our dogma.
And the way...
to start doing that, dear friends,
is by writing to this post office box number I'm about to give.
Yes, there's more to it all than just the show.
It gets deeper and deeper and deeper,
and it sucks harder the deeper you get.
No sense in struggling.
Go ahead.
Pick up that pencil.
You are within range of my voice now.
Pick up the pencil and write.
Bob.
Post office box 140306.
Once again, that's post office box 140306.
In Dallas, Texas.
Zip code 75214.
And drop in a self-addressed stamped envelope.
Why don't you?
We'll just see what happens next.
This is a mutant.
You've been breeding them here for ages to do menial work.
Well, actually, they're similar to some of the insect life on your own planet.
Larger, of course, with a higher degree of intelligence.
Listen carefully.
What I have to tell you is crucial to your survival.
In order to improve our breed,
God has provided challenges of increasing difficulty.
In this latest trial,
he has allowed humans to develop deadly,
and deadlier poisons.
Only the fittest of the race will be able to survive exposure to these toxins.
And they will provide the seed for the preservation of our species.
As mankind develops new chemicals,
our race must develop new levels of resistance or perish.
In our previous war with the humans,
I discovered that their poisons had no effect on me.
And along with two strong males,
I found that they were not as effective as humans.
I was able to survive.
If you're hearing this message,
war has broken out again,
and most of your tribe has been destroyed.
You now know that the God of all of us
is unmerciful in his decisions.
In the long run,
we may stay poor and broke,
we may stay neurotic,
or whatever we started out as,
or whatever we may fall into,
but by God,
we've got Bob and Nan!
And for that,
we can hate them!
Hate them!
Hate them!
I'm not prejudiced.
I don't care if he's a Jew,
a black,
Italian,
Chinese.
If he messes with me,
I'll shoot him.
He's got complete equality
as he drops to the ground.
America's way.
Our forefathers' way.
The freedom to use,
the choice we choose.
That's what got us
where we are today.
It's an American thing
that makes the liberty ring.
And we all are a part,
very close to the heart,
of a system that
everyone can say
is America's way.
After my worst than Nazi court criminal conviction,
crucifixion,
for years in poverty,
I suffered hopeless,
jobless,
character assassination,
and isolation in the...
I'll get you out on the road,
you'll see.
What we're engaged in here
is a war!
It is a war,
dear friends.
It is us versus them.
And that is what every religion
is really all about,
if you think about it.
You give people somebody to hate,
you make them paranoid,
not...
Is America's way?
The free enterprise way.
All America's way.
All the way.
Do unto others
as you would do unto others.
Demos, demos, demos, demos.
Wooh, wooh.
Ohh, ohh.
Wham.
Wham.
Wham.
.
He's got complete equality as he drops to the ground.
It moved up, took off at fantastic speed at the at least 45 degrees angle and it just disappeared between the stars.
During the debriefing, which we always said after each combat mission, the officer who was receiving this made a joke of it, how many beer I had.
And do you know what happened? Again.
And do you know what happened? Again.
.
Emergency, emergency, there's an emergency going on.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
. . .
. .
. . .
. . . . .

Please don't utter bastard.
Humans don't know the heavens.
Someone just made it up to the living room.
Nuts.
My nivgits don't work.
My nivgits don't work.
My nivgits don't work.
Well, I want to talk to you about my penis.
Would anyone like any toast?
I toast, therefore I am.
Would you like some toast?
Can anyone hear anything?
I haven't much interest in saving my own life.
It's a cry of depressed Lenning.
I was just doing a little test.
A little test to see if you've gone crazy.
Crazy.
If there's one thing I can't stand,
it's crazy people.
Don't worry.
Don't worry.
That was Olo T. Schicklgruber again, my friends,
and the Happy Philanthropist Orchestra from their tape Wonderbar,
here at the very end.
And their address is 2936 Waterloo Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada, V6R.
