There's no place quite like home, is there?
Are you going home?
I'm going to the city, Talkin' Ham.
I don't know nobody in Talkin' Ham.
I'm gonna do some things there.
I know George Sparks in Talkin' Ham.
I'm gonna do some things I ain't never done before.
I reckon you think you've been redeemed.
Shane, look out!
The subgenius powerhouse.
So here at subgenius X day number 12.
Number 12?
What happened to number 11?
I don't remember.
I don't remember it at all.
Well, that was the 11th hour.
The stroke before the final stroke of midnight.
For I think there can no longer be any doubt
that we are nearby to achieving a kind of culmination.
Here is one proof.
Everyone who had to get here
had to struggle against strange forces
trying to draw back and keep us from getting there.








Getting to the Brushwood campground.
These were the imps of sedition,
and treason,
tugging at us,
and pulling at us,
the ones who produce a million excuses
why we should not go forth
from our habitations
and gather together as is our immemorial practice.
But as a magnet grows stronger,
as it approaches another magnet
as the familiar contours of venus,
of brushwood began to appear, we are now sure in our course and directly drawn to this,
the pinpoint upon which we will dance in the culmination of our destiny.
All we need now is the little box of batteries, which I shall now fetch.
Yes, we have to have the right number of batteries, the cable connectors and the
adapters of course, the special adapters for the adapters and the extra cables and
cable connector extenders, which will extend this past the last unforgivable moment.
Swirling in a maelstrom to suck us all beneath the surface, to draw us inexorably deeper
into the inner thing.


things, the deeper things of Bob. Like an undersea landscape, sometimes these things
are only dimly glimpsed, fluttering and flashing at the periphery of our vision, nowhere cleanly
seen, but soon the contours become all too obvious, and what we are looking at disgracefully
concrete and unavoidably real and present. Ah, nobody ever said it would be easy to quit
this life. It might be like the snapping of ice at a spring thaw, the twanging of a string
of an instrument.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
backwater this two-bit tank town is flea-bitten whistle stop where's the gas
Van Athel gas oh oh I know what gas they say huff here I'm sorry I even mentioned
it yes in some ways our countrified cousins are definitely stumbling behind
the curve but on the other hand one goes out to the open spaces to experience the
natural beauty of God's universe and then finds a bear huffing jingle and
then finds what did you say a bear humping a tree no a bear huffing jingle
Oh a bear huffing jenka oh yes all right that too it is possible it is possible
you know the olfactory senses of those creatures are far more highly developed
and those of the foolish humans there's a lot of highly I don't know about
developed well it's a
olfactory sensorium unrivaled in the animal kingdom I need to develop a
highly well what you need is to develop respiratory turbinates or a turbinals
which will increase your human sinus if you have no turbinals turbinals may be
provided for you by a procedure and certain fissions to a droid to be called
surgery
and this is the animal kingdom
just for you?

this we also call opening your third
nostril a common surgical procedure in the upper echelons of the church many who
dreaded it and shrank back from it now point to their sub nasal scar with a
wink and a smile of fellowship and recognition
you know that's what happened. Michael Jackson he opened his third
nostril but then he kept going. He opened it took too wide. In the sixth and the seventh and ninth nostril.
and the eighth and the ninth, and by the time he got to opening that 13th nostril,
then he looked like the ghastly figure he was right before his death.
The replacement appliance was finally introduced with a sigh of relief by the recipient.
After so many failed operations, and believe me, I know a little bit about this,
because my own assistant had so many plastic surgery operations,
he finally decided to give up and embrace his monster nature.
And it was the right decision. Everybody loves him. He's a beloved figure.
So did he get the plastic surgery to become the monster?
He got the plastic surgery just to become quasi-human, but it hurt,
and he was tired of these endless operations, so he just said,
I'll just be as I am, and so he is.
As you were?
Yes. And it's great. Nobody else looks like him.
But anyway, it shouldn't be.
I'm not yacking about him, because we're here now.
And it's time to hang Bob.
Or at least you had an assistant to get the plastic surgery.
I had to do all the assisting and get the plastic surgery myself.
Well, I didn't arrange it that way.
As you know, Dr. Stang, this fell out.
It was an evolutionary process.
And since it occurred as it did,
it occurred as it should.
Stands to reason.
Does it fall off like a belly button, where some people get innies and some people get outies?
Well, they might, indeed.
It all depends on how peaceable was their parting from the nurturing stalk.
Hmm.
You know, if you are snapped like a rubber band, you'll be different than if you were gently squeezed off and lovingly tied.
I was snapped like a broken ruler.
Well, I'm sure it's not.

But it did no harm in the long run.
Not in the long run.
Brothers and sisters!
Hey!
Y'all having a good time here at XD?
Yeah!
The rain's over, guys.
It's gonna be nothing but beautiful weather all weekend.
But if it's not, don't blame me.
I just lie.
I don't make the weather.
Yeah!
We got something special for you tonight.
First time here at XD.
From deep in the jungles of Pittsburgh.
The musical stylings of Fat Man D.
Ladies and gentlemen and everybody in between, thank you so much for coming out to the end of the world.
It is my pleasure to sing you Into the Apocalypse.
Ba bless, ba bless.
I got a brand new two-tone tattoo
And I got it just for you
Good lord he knows what I can do
With my brand new two-tone tattoo
I certainly hope the hairs do not hide away
Do you, my two-tone tattoo?
I got a tattoo to display
But if they do I'll show it to you anyway
My brand new two-tone tattoo
Ba ra ra ra
Me-a-ba-ba-do-do-do-do-da-la-bra
Me-a-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
Me-a-ba-ba-do-do-do-do-do-da-la-bra
Me-a-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba

Romans!
Countrymen, thank you so much for coming out this evening.
It is a beautiful, damp, damp day at Brushwood.
And I'm looking forward to it getting a whole lot wetter before the evening is out.
And in.
And out.
And in.
I was born to this planet in this form and in this formation the year 1975.
I was born to this planet in this form and in this formation the year 1975.
Ladies and gentlemen, the day that the gospel was revealed, yea, verily unto the incredibly irreverent Ivan Stang.
And to him I say, j'ai un grand blanc tatou.
J'aimerais ce respect clairement pour vous.
Le bon Dieu sait qu'est-ce que je voudrais avec mes grands blancs tatous.
J'espère les yeux ne peuvent pas hide away.
Les humains grands tatous ne disent pas le vrai.
Le humain grand tatou ne dit pas le vrai.
But if they do, I'll show it to you anyway.
My grand tatou, mon grand tatou.
My grand tatou, mon grand tatou, mon grand tatou.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much.
Sometimes a thousand twangling instruments about mine ears
and sometimes voices.
What's this?
A piece of a sandwich?
Well, how thoughtful.
Yes, every need is provided here.
Actually, it's a good piece of cheese.
The wonder of cheese has never been satisfactorily explained.
But according to historical theory,
a primitive herder carrying a noonday meal of milk
in a sheep's stomach, however improbable this may sound,
discovered rennet, that animal residuum
which is the kind of food that is used to make milk.
It's a catalyst which produces the phenomenon known as cheese.
So a guy who hurt people walked around with the stomach of a sheep.
Now why do you say he hurt people?
He might not have hurt anyone.
He might have been a solitary sheep herder.
So he hurt sheep?
Heard.
Do you herd sheep, my grandma sighed?
My grandpa leapt in fright.
That grammar's wrong to me, he cried.
Have you heard sheep is right?
That's better, better, much better.
And we have potato chips or crisps or something like that,
peanuts, enough to sustain life while we keep going and going.
And where are we going?
We're going to begin Hour of Slack.
No.
Number 1200 and something as of this moment.
Welcome to X Day 12.
Surely this will be the real thing.
And may you be so fused with Slack.
And I know this because the sandwich that I'm eating tastes too good.
So you went to the sandwich right away.
That's not a very optimistic behavior.
I think X Day is too big to fail.
Well, it's not.
It's not jinx everything.
I think we should apply for a bailout.
We're obviously too big to fail.
Look at this crowd.
As my eyes gaze out upon this vast sea of subgeniuses.
This seething mass of revolutionary subgeniuses needs to be
mollified and pacified by constant reiteration of the familiar doctrine.
Or they're really seething then.
.
.
.
.
.


.
.
.
.
.
.







Welcome to the stupid age.
That's right, welcome to the stupid age.
The 21st century.
A hundred years ago, Mark Twain, one of the great American writers of the 19th and 20th century,
declared what would later be called the Gilded Age.
He called it the Gilded Age as opposed to the Golden Age,
because in the Golden Age, everything was made of gold,
but in the Gilded Age, everything was just kind of coated with just enough patina,
just enough gold to make it look good.
Just enough decoration to mask the fact that they were dealing with the exact same thing
they'd be dealing with.
For eons, for millennia, for thousands of years before,
but we had this thing called industry,
and so we had taken on this new role, this new advance to civilization,
but when you got right down to it, everything that everybody had in 1901
was the same as what everybody had in 1801.
It just had a better shell.
And so Mark Twain called this the Gilded Age.
It looked really good on the outside,
but I'm telling you, welcome to the stupid age,
and let me tell you something, it's stupid all the way down.
This isn't just a patina of stupid.
This isn't just a thin veneer of dumb.
This isn't just the trappings of idiocy.
This is the real thing.
This is the motherlode.
This is the fucking stupid.
This is the stupid all the way down.
This is the stupid age.
Welcome.
So, the thing is, as you all know, or I hope you all know,
time extends infinitely in every direction from where we are right now.
And when I say this is the stupid age,
I mean we're dealing with levels of stupidity on a planet-wide level that are unprecedented.
Human beings have never been able to muster this much ass-hattery,
this much stupidity, this much bull-headedness,
this much lack of vision heretofore,
unknown quantities of dumb
arrayed in the world.

And yet, upon the surface of the planet,
like armies marching forth,
there are phalanxes of stupid on every continent of this planet,
even unto Antarctica itself.
There is dumb everywhere.
We all know,
we all know,
it's bad.
There's stupid everywhere.
This is what we're dealing with.
This is what we've been fighting our whole lives.
Sometimes we fight for it.
Sometimes we fight against it.
But regardless, stupid is what is at...
Stupid is what is at play.
Stupid is what is at stake.
Stupid is nigh.
But this is the thing.
Stupid is not a concept or an entity
that is contained by three-dimensional space.
Stupid, like time, extends in every direction,
in every fucking possibility that time-space entails.
Stupid is there.
But there's a lot of it right now.
Quantities so large that it is radiating forwards and backwards
in time.
We are polluting the time-space continuum with stupid.
Stupid.
Stupid knows no master.
Stupid prevails in dark times and in bright times.
But here is the thing.
There are anchors.
Time is like a vibrating guitar string.
And when you change the length of the vibration,
you change the frequency of the vibration.
So, as things stand, there are anchor points.
And between those anchor points, whatever happens is irrelevant.
These vibrations, these temporal disruptions,
these vibrations are just like a chain of events.

The fluctuations of the temporal space-time arc,
it curves, and it curves towards stupidity.
This is tragic.
But it is also a triumph.
Because there is our stupid,
and there is their stupid.
And these are very, very different kinds of stupid.
There is the stupid that makes you quit the job
before you have the job.
And there is the stupid that makes you quit the job
before you have the job.
The stupid, the stupid is joyful,
but the stupid is also despondent.
And the stupid, as I said,
pervades in all directions.
And we are polluting the past and the future with our stupid.
I'm going to diverge slightly and talk about this time-space flow of stupid.
There's the anchor point somewhere in the distant future or the near future.
This is the point we call X-Day.
This is the point we call July 5th, 1998.
This is the moment.
This is the anchor point.
This is the cusp.
This is the turning point.
Many, many past eons or years or decades or millennia or ages or earths,
whatever term you want to use, there's another anchor point.
What happens between these anchor points doesn't affect the location of the anchor points.
What happens between these anchor points is determined by the anchor points.
And this is the thing, because our past and our future,
they are controlled by forces beyond our ken.
The conspiracy, the conspiracy of normals, the C-O-N, the con,
the conspiracy is waging war against us and against our kind.
But there are other forces arrayed against us,
other forces that are striking against us every moment,
trying to wear you down.
And these forces, they know where the points of anchor are.
And they do all these things in between,
not because they want to change those anchor points,
but because they can get away with it.
When they killed John F. Kennedy, they didn't do it to change time.
They do it because it wouldn't make a difference.
When they killed Martin Luther King,
they didn't do it because it would change a goddamn thing.
They did it because they knew it wouldn't change a thing.
When they killed Jesus Christ,
they didn't do it because it would change the world.
They did it because they knew it wouldn't.
They didn't do it because it wouldn't make a goddamn bit of difference.
When they killed Krishna,
when they killed Gandhi,
when they killed Mohammed,
when they killed every single prophet,
they didn't do it because it was going to change a thing.
They did it because they knew it wouldn't change a thing.
Because between these two points,
the anchor point in the past,
and the anchor point in the present,
and the anchor point in the future,
nothing will change.
Nothing that they do will change a thing.
And that's why they strike down heroes,
and that's why they strike down gods,
and that's why they strike down those
that should be looked upon with favor.
But when you get right down to it,
there's only one thing that you can do
that will change the course of time,
the misery, and the stupidity,
and the cycle of assassination.
The only thing you can change,
the only person that you can kill,
that will change the anchor points in the past,
and the anchor points in the future,
there's only one man.
Who is it that we must kill?
We must kill Bob Dobbs!
J.R. Bob Dobbs must die
if we are to have a future!
Catch the reflection.
Kill Bob Dobbs!
Catch the reflection.
Kill Bob Dobbs!
Proceed.
Don't go out of your mind.
Alright, alright.
I think that's a little harsh.
Uh...
Carter LeBlanc there, friends.
That was great.
Carter, be glad you don't have to
videotape and record everything.
You ain't no friend of hers, are you?
I never saw her before.
She don't usually have no preacher for company.
I ain't a preacher.
I only seen her name in a toilet.
Well, you look like a preacher.
Your hat looks like a preacher's hat.
It ain't.
It's just a hat.
Well, it ain't only the hat.
It's the look on your face somewhere.
Looky here, I ain't no preacher.
Now, I understand it ain't anybody perfect
on this green earth.
Not preachers, not nobody.
And you can tell folks better how terrible sin is
if you know from your own experience.
Listen, get this.
There ain't but one thing that I want to know.
I want you to understand, and that's that I don't believe in anything.
Nothing at all?
Nothing.
Well, that's the problem with you preachers.
You've all got too damn good to believe in anything.
There are subgeniuses who have no shame.
They don't even know the feeling.
Those are the ones I tend to try to avoid.
But some of them are coming in this way.
I like the ones who can feel shame.
I like to shame them sometimes.
I'm ashamed myself just looking at that image there.
I'm ashamed of your shame.
There you go.
We've come full circle.
One of the shameless subgeniuses here,
Princess Pisces,
she serves as an example of one who doesn't care
who sees her doing what.
And I am an example of a self-conscious fool.
Has no problem recording me doing whatever.
Questioning every single thing he does,
including this very sentence.
And to no avail.
To what avail?
Why?
And why do I do it, friends?
Because I am an emergentile.
Well, this is a somewhat uncomfortable revelation.
It's a sad, it's a rough day for some.
On the other hand, at least we only take one out of ten Rewardians.
That's true.
Most of you are Rewardians.
And one out of ten of you will not leave the campground
because the emergentiles must have their lusts sated
and their hungers satisfied.
Just part of nature's plan.
Yeah, but somebody has to clean it up.
And last year, that's a, I swear.
Such punishments indeed are due to nature's dearest stained with sin.
For I, in tempesting anew the unfathomable hell within,
the horror of those deeds to view, to know and loathe, yet wish and do.
I was recently informed that I have the horror.
The horror.
I think we've all been told we have the horror.
I've got mine, it's on my head.
So all of us here are Others, aren't we?
We're the Others.
The nicht-ish.
We're the not-you.
And I believe we all have the horror.
I know, let's see, let's look out into the mass.
Modemak definitely has the horror.
But not the horrors.
He doesn't have the twitches.
No, no, no. There's a difference.
He's able to send those work gangs his off to perform specialized labors.
But I found out, now that I recognize that I have the horror,
things are so much easier.
Did you find that?
The horror's cool.
Oh, God, yeah.
I love the horror.
It was like all the tension went away.
I just accepted having the horror.
You can kind of embrace.
For those who haven't been reading alt.slack for the last several months,
one of our most beloved kooks,
the mentally ill person known as PM, or Preacher Mike,
informed us all that we didn't belong in this cult,
that we were the Others,
and there were only a few who were not the Others.
And he said that we,
we who can spell correctly and have, you know,
can occasionally use grammar right,
are pinks and the Others.
The horror apparently causes us to
not be stupid enough for some subgenius' tastes.
We've actually been made fun of for not being dumb enough.
I don't think that's how the particular kook meant it.
But, you know, friends,
why do you think they call it subgenius?
The guy does have a point.
There are some people,
Dr. Howell here probably wouldn't qualify for the church
if we hadn't,
if he hadn't had the operations and the accidents.
The horror,
I hear the horror creeping up in the background.
The horror.
Yes, one of those mornings,
Bob comes a-creepin' in the room.
Isn't that a gospel?
So many people go,
Oh, I can't wait to meet Bob.
I'm gonna go to the next day and meet Bob.
You know, you might meet Bob.
You might wake up in the morning,
with no memory of the night before.
Every orifice aching, stretched, abused.
Fallen arches, bad breath, bunions, corns,
chillblains, sty.
And a cloying smell of cherry blend pipe tobacco.
Bob's been a creepin' in the room.
You feel like a human ashtray after Bob's used you.
And that's no pig Latin.
The worst part is it makes you clean it out.
Of course it counts as psychosis also.
Failure to distinguish the apperceptive mass.
Progressive hallucinations and ultimate death.
But if they're hallucinations,
why do they leave marks?
Well, that's the thing.
When you put on your glasses,
these so-called hallucinations spring sharply into focus.
Heh, heh, heh, heh.
Yes, they're really there.
It's all too terrible for most people to take on their plate.
But yes, all true, all proven,
all no longer necessary to conceal.
As the sacred moment creeps stealthily upon us.
On its giant soft paws.
X-Day will soon play with us
as the sportive cat tortures a quivering mouse.
I'm gettin' turned on by the way you're talkin', Dr. Hal.
That gets me kind of excited.
Well, there's going to be plenty of excitement for everybody
when those giant saucers come down blazing and bangity-bang shooting
for kids from six to sixty and oldersters ninety years young.
It'll be anti-fun for the whole family.
Mom, Dad, Buzz, Sis, Rover, and Kitty
go running for their very lives,
screaming and caterwauling
as they trail this figuring radioactive fire
and the tell-tale green lines of Cherenkov radiation.
But the subgeniuses will be watching from above
in comfort, safe, and warm.
While the pinks scurry in labyrinthine
mazes of their own doom.
Doom! Doom!
Yeah, uh, yeah, uh, and uh,
some people think that, um,
if you fail to gather at the assembly point,
the saucers will come and get ya.
Well, they may try.
They may come to where you were.
But you might not be there no more.
Because the Earth is constantly moving.
Well, there is that also.
But we have a thing called relativity, you know.
The exits are up on that.
The Earth will be moving in other ways, though,
like the top of a boiling kettle of oatmeal,
heaving and casting large chunks of its surface up
as it shrieks in torment like a wounded thing.
Is that like a pressure cooker?
Because I got a lot of tomatoes this year,
and I do need a big enough pressure cooker to fill it up.
Well, there's a lot of pressure.
And it's building up the fountains of the deep,
which were opened before by Jehovah One
to help create the Noachian Flood.
But of course, we also know from the Christian Bible
that the flood will not come again.
And to certify this,
God put the rainbow in the sky
to demonstrate his covenant between man and God.
No, next time there will be no flood
Instead, it is promised there will be fire!
A super volcano!
A huge, blazing, blistering, burning ball of fire
will scour the bejesus out of each and every one of you.
What used to be Yosemite National Park,
beautiful place for sightseers, will...
It's about to blow, ladies and gentlemen.
Muy fuego.
They don't tell you about that every day on the news.
No kidding. Yosemite, soon a giant lava bubbling...
aperture in the Earth's crust.
And even if you're not nearby,
within a matter of months you'll starve to death
because all the life in the ocean will die out very soon
as clouds cover the sun everywhere.
The water is actually becoming...
The acid will...
Carbonated like soda pop.
And first the creatures with the shells die
because they can't be formed anymore.
But soon the only remaining life
in the ocean will be bacteria and jellyfish.
Mmm, that smells great.
Mmm, jellyfish.
With bacteria.
Now with more bacteria.
Grape jellyfish?
The whole ocean will be just like the Cuyahoga River, friends.
All the oceans of the world will become flammable.
A bacterial sump or stew.
Perfect for...
Creating the next generation of life
that we don't get to see.
Because we'll be on our way to the Port Authority building
where we disembark from the pleasure saucers
after an infinity of pleasure.
Do we have to go to the Port Authority?
The one in Jersey?
No, the one...
Well, where is that located anyway, Stang?
The Port Authority building is where now?
The which?
The Port Authority building.
When the saucers land...
Oh, oh, oh.
After they pick us up.
It's up at the top of the hill next to the showers.
The big house?
Yeah, I know, it doesn't seem that impressive,
but there aren't that many of the same subgeniuses.
So, uh...
Many are called, but few are chosen.
Many could take showers, but don't.
Yes, as the hot tubs testify.
Many have taken ship at the pale beaches,
but few return to the sunlit land.
Nope.
The only place left is this damn hotel.


I said there were some obscure jobs there.


Ain't nobody else for you.
Your wife is a littleunduka,
yeah, I knew that!

Who's that?
Who's he?
Yeah?
The woman in the schoolUn Wu,


¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
John Deere Tractor Beam, a hangers-on of the amino acids,
covered the amino acid song, Fear the Future.
You can insult John Deere Tractor Beam at myspace.com
slash John Deere Tractor Beam.
And in that one word, they spell deer.
D-E-E-R.
D-E-E-R.
This hour of slack number 1214
is obviously all derived from our live recordings from X Day 12.
Fat Man D, who had that great song near the beginning,
is at fatmand.com.
But Fat Man D is spelled thusly.
P-H-A-T-M-A-N-D-E-E-R.
P-H-A-T-M-A-N-D-E-E-R.
P-H-A-T-M-A-N-D-E-E-R.
P-H-A-T-M-A-N-D-E-E-R.
Any movie clips you hear are from John Houston's Wise Blood.
More music and head-launching's coming up.
Stay tuned to learn everything.
Everything is in the swag shack, by the way.
Waiting.
And if there's a lock on it, I have the key.
Waiting for the life to come.
I am the key master.
You are the gatekeeper.
And a few drops of 3-in-1 oil in there.
Here's the key.
Here's the key.



It's a marriage made in heaven.
Which heaven?
The lowest of the seven heavens.
Oh, okay, good.
Have you been to the top one?
Well, I mean, come on.
It's lame.
Up from Earth's center through the seventh gate,
I rose, and on the throne of Saturn's saint.
And many a knot unraveled by the road,
but not the master knot of human fate.
There was the door for which I found no key,
there was the veil through which I could not see.
Some little talk-a-while of me and thee there was,
and then no more of thee and me.
Or this and that.
Yeah, well.
And you've got to do the speech, friends.
This is the Gaddafi head football of legend.
I have spoken of this thing and bragged of it for years
without knowing where in my house I was.
Paul Mavridis, also known as Lies, gave me this
twenty-some-odd years ago.
And only this X-Day, while I was digging up crap
to bring here, did I finally unearth the prophesied
bleeding head of Muammar Gaddafi.
The Middle Eastern historian among us,
Reverend Carter,
I think that we should tonight, for the first time,
give him complete cut block.
This is the head, the foot head,
the foot head of,
they just called him leader.
He doesn't,
he doesn't have an official title in this country.
They just called him leader.
Where is the leader?
He is our leader.
Muammar Gaddafi, this is one of the champions,
one of the, one of the rare souls in the,
in our war against the conspiracy.
This is a man who has made himself an icon of.
He is a football.
He is, he's a football.
He's a head of the league.
What that next to him?
Well, he's born in Gold Shhosee.
I'm doing a series looking at the cosas.



Hey you come over here.

We heard about Rைз ska.
We can smell it.
We are gonna walk around the grounds there.
I like your uneven blood.
Let's have some watches.
Why are you clean.


He's a man that needs healing.
He's a man who's bleeding.
He wants to move beyond.
He wants to be launched.
Face him as he is launched.
For he is launched to you.
We promised you a head launching and we thought we were lying.
But, please, Bob, we were.
By accident, there was a true head launching.
And if the head could be returned to its sacred level,
I'd vote for anyone who's injured by the radiation.
Deadly radiation.
Deadly radiation on the head.
You can return that sacred object.
Friends, meanwhile, we will turn down the microphone
and end the music of the two beings
and this mighty mixed mastership.
And mixed mastership.
Vastahood.
It's a beautiful name.
Right, Bob?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Go ahead.
Well, that's all very well to joke about these things,
but, of course, we have a very clear spiritual purpose here.
Yeah, I mean, a joke is necessary.
The belly laugh in the dark.
The guffaw in the disproving face of the church.
It's not all doom and worshiping.
There's no piety, actually.
I take that back.
There's no point in falling.
I'm falling into a semantic trap of thinking
that if something is serious, i.e., of importance,
it must be serious.
That is to say, lacking in mirth and humor.
That is simply a convergence.
This church is not serious business.
of the meaning of serious, but that's not our meaning.
You can't have cheeseburger, though.
Whoa.
Speaking of which, that reminds me of one of the jobs
of the sacred.
I'm not sure if you can describe which this little button
on my hat says I am.
Yes.
But that job, that important task.
It also says black catcher.
Is the task, friends, of making coffee.
That's right.
I am going to now leave you two here blathering while I go
down there to make the coffee that will allow us to continue.
Make up a couple demijohns staying.
Make up a couple of huge burbling flagons of coffee.
That leaves an open mic here, so if somebody wants to come up.


And do we have the white lard?
You're welcome to come up here and take my place.
Do we have the lard that goes in there?
The white stuff, the powder.
Yeah, I brought the lard.
Oh, thank God.
I have the lard and the price of lard.
Is this the bacon-flavored coffee?
Lard love a duck.
Yes, this coffee creamer, as they call it,
is the icing on the caffeinated cake.
We need coffee to accomplish our duty.
And take us forward.
Caffeine.
And take us forward to our destination.
Our destination is the end of the show.
This show, Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius,
can be seen in its entirety at subgenius.com.
In my E-Pops 12X day are many bands, my friends.
And one of the bands that has played
at almost every major subgenius revival in recent years
is Fat Free from Brooklyn.
The song you are about to hear, Rocket Sauce
by Fat Free, was the very last show of their set.
It had to be because it was getting late
and we had a date with a big fire.
So we just got the finger.
We just got the finger.
What more?
Clap, chop, or rocket sauce?
Which one do you want?
Yeah, what do you guys want?
Clap, chop, or rocket sauce?
Rocket sauce.
Rocket sauce it is.
Rocket sauce it is.
First come, first serve.
Here's rocket sauce.
First serve, first come.
Rocket sauce.
That's right.
Rocket sauce.

Woo!
Woo!
Ha ha ha.
.





Oops, I'm almost out of it.
那麼 젊 resur SAT IT existen,
Of course.
Mmhmmhmm.
aminoacids.com. We shall close now with a rant and then a song. The rant is really more of a
confession. Later at X Day, I did a proper full-fledged rant, but for this one, I was having
trouble mustering my hate. You know, the thing is, in the last few years, I actually got slack,
and I have to fake my hate now. I have to fail. No, of course, there's some things I hate, you
know. I mean, but there was, I was an angry young man. Why else do you think I'd go to work for J.R.
Bob Dobbs for free and work my ass off? And then that, which made me even angrier. But
then Princess We Are Doe, the queen of all the UFOs, came out.
And then suddenly, I had, my anger dissipated for some reason. It was like, if you ever saw that
movie King Kong, there's some similarities there. I was about to rip her arms off, and she gave me
that pretty smile. And so I went, God, I don't hate everybody for a second. And so yeah, yeah,
it's, you know, pity me, friends. I have to fake my damn hate. I actually, there was, I used to
preach slack.
And I was the most slackless motherfucker you ever saw in your life. Why do you think I worked so hard at it?
Then I finally realized, oh, that was the mistake there, was the working at the slack. Now, if you're an
emergentile, working does provide slack, but it kind of does it when you're not expecting it to. It's funny how
that happens. Anyway, that, I just wanted to say that so that everybody would feel sorry for me, because
I'm so happy and lucky nowadays, and not generally not worried about the future. That I'm just a sorry
excuse for a sub-genius at this point, hey.
However, it does prove that eventually, there is the slack. Praise Bob. And it 5, and it was JR Bob Benedoof,
it was not some work. It was not just princess we are dough. It was not on my health elements going
away. Where does every intrigued. I should cry in these? Oh yes, I'm trying. And I'm always willing to give. Maybe I do. And I gave that thatوں that I gave the man whenever I did the vàoallas, because campaign, that I did and that sore throat. If they're not guys did they'm gonna impertinent plane, whoever is a-
me slack it was not making enough money to put a roof over my head finally that gave me sight no
it was that face alone just fat face that's all you don't have to dress it up with oh the excess
and slack and the end of the world and conspiracy and pink boys and this jargon and that jargon all
you need is that face the face of Bob not just any face that face because it is the face of
J.R. Bob Dobbs yes it's a piece of clip art but it's clip art of J.R. Bob Dobbs period
Bob sold it I smoked it that settles it people ask me they say Reverend Stanger come on what
do you really believe I believe I'm going to go
have dinner I'm going to do some things see some things I ain't never done before
but Susie would you like to come up here and take my place after I change this would be a
good time to change CDs I change oh yes I'm going to don't say anything funny
you
just sit down for about two minutes spouting some genius material
now we can do that
one of those mornings Bob comes a-creepin' in the room
one of those mornings old man Bob comes a-creepin' in the room
I say one of those mornings Bob comes a-creepin' in the room
oh my lord my sweet old Bob what shall I do
what shall I do
you can call on your president
but your president won't do you no good
you can call on your president
but your president won't do you no good
yes you can call on your president
but your president won't do you no good
oh my lord
Oh my lord
My sweet Lord, what shall I do?
What shall I do?
That was a good intermission.
We need to do that more often to split up the CDs.
Hal's like the master of the microphone. I overblow everything.
So if you want to test overblowing, that would be, I would be the first.
Yeah, just if you bend your cleavage over the mic.
It seemed to form this perfect rule.
So yeah, last time what was causing the feedback is this.
Is that I get down like this and start talking.
And then every time I'd lean over and my tits would get close to the microphone, it would get feedback.
Were you here the year that Sister Dackovitz did a concert, a theremin concert using tits as the theremin?
I heard you say megaphone.
That's awesome.
No, I said tits.
Yeah, she had, it was like, weee, weee.
I didn't know that.
Tits, megaphone.
But it had a unique sound.
Subgenius.com
