Life Drop by the Fantastic Five
Well, welcome to the hour of slack
Praise Bob, Gold, and Connie's Rag
Yes, welcome to the hour of slack
La la la la la la la
La la la hour of slack
Oh yeah, dear friends
This episode of this here hour of slack number 959
Is about magic, enlightenment, spirituality, and spiritual teachers
And yet, it's still
The Hour of Slack
A subgenius show
A post-spiritualist show, you might say
But bear with us, as you might learn a bit of useful comparative religion
Comparative religion bashing, mayhaps
Everything in this whole show
This particular show was recorded
Professionally, you'll be glad and able to hear
By Regis Sedlock at Starwood 24
Last night
Last August
Starwood, which is sponsored by
The greatest brain cult organization
In all of Yankee land
The Association for Consciousness Exploration
ACE
And about 1,200 people
Come to Brushwood in New York
The campground where we hold X Days
Because you can doff your duds
If desired
There
And have crazy music and light shows all night long
So, besides all the hipsters and trippies, witchies, and posers
There are wonderful bands of all kinds
Such as heard in the background here
Boiled in lead
And guest speaker wise guys
And Tude gals of every stripe
Such as Are You Serious?
And Steven Gaskin last year
And Paul Krasner before that
All of which is recorded
And some of which is on CDs from ACE
But the best part?
For you
Will be on this show tonight
Of course
I really wish that I could play the movies at Starwood
I'm working on one in fact
Because on Saturday night
The event climaxes with this huge high tech bonfire
Which the crazed and naked pagans and sybarites
Whoop and dance around throughout the whole night
Giant puppets stride around
And walk through the crowd
Outlined with neon and e-wire
And there's also like five streets of merchants
Selling new age crap of every description
From tents and trucks in a makeshift market
And theme camps
A la Burning Man
Where you can wander around and get drunk with strangers
Or hear strange sounds
Alive for a long time
In a flash awhile
Or something new
With جج �.'s
But you know but to we who
Year after year sit and believe in this clip art figure head
Waitin', flyin' saucers every year
Which never come
To us
some of you pagans seem a little kooky. You know, I mean, it's not your beliefs that we find kooky.
It's you. But belief is the issue. And I guess I told Jeff that the subject matter of this rant
would be a kook autopsy. So I need a volunteer. Who wants to die? No, it has to be a subgenius
because a subgenius. Oh, it's it. Oh, God, not. Oh, I see you've got a new haircut.
Well, now you're not a dues paid subgenius, so I can't kill you and cut you open because.
Oh, now he's El Gordo. Well.
Okay, you would do. But actually, I was just kidding. We're not going to kill the kook yet.
We'll do that. We'll do that later. Okay. Right on. Just.
Kook autopsy. Well, the thing is, I'd have to have a subgenius to do it because a subgenius is
it doesn't matter if they die. You get when you join our church, you get eternal salvation,
or triple your money back so that after you kill a subgenius, you don't have to really where
they're going to be fine. They'll get their 90 bucks back when they go to hell. Of course,
I've heard that there may be some delay in processing that refund because the complaints
office in hell is notoriously slow. So actually, to do a kook autopsy, friends, all we need is the
Starwood 24 tour guide.
This works every year. But Bob may not have brought most of you here, but Bob brought me here. So praise damn Bob. That's what I say.
One thing I learned from perusing the schedule and also looking at this crowd was.
I made a note note to self don't ever be cross scheduled with nude body painting massage workshop.
I just ran into my friend.
Gail who said, oh, it's a scheduling conflict. I can't watch your rank because I'm going to go watch Harvey Wasserman talk about how to, you know, do something practical about this world and all. And I really can't offer we we we promise we are going to save the universe this time.
Look what happened last time.
Now, I'm not putting anybody down when I mock your.
Your your workshop title.
Okay.
As I said, we're not making fun of your beliefs.
We're just making fun of you.
It's purely personal.
I don't even know.
I don't know anybody's real names, so I don't know who to if these are friends of mine who did that.
But the one I liked here was one of blessed bees and mad mad houses.
So I like that one a blessed bee routine.
It's like got Bob's name is spelled with that in it.
Blessed be blessed.
Oh, blessed.
Blessed be.
Isn't that sweet?
Who wrote the Bible was one.
Now, I always thought that was an autobiography.
Now, don't tell me they got the name of the author wrong on that book.
Oh, dear.
Wouldn't that be now?
Here's a as a as a skeptic.
I liked the nuts and bolts of oracular practice, which I guess is about the hardware aspect of it.
And this was a new.
This is a word that I should have made up myself.
Introduction to eco psychology.
My dad would have a lot of fun with eco psychology.
Rush Limbaugh would to with that cure.
Guy Rhea.
No offense, but we could really use a cure for guy Rhea around here.
Spells for democracy.
No, I bet that was George Bush's favorite.
Yeah, Isaac Bonowitz did that one.
I'm sure Bush would love to have more people spend their time doing spells for democracy,
assuming he doesn't believe in spells.
According to the.
Hey, Nancy Reagan sure did.
Now, she they were running the White House, according to astrological advice.
The incontinence of Ron Reagan expelled.
At least I wasn't scheduled.
Across.
From expanding arousal and orgasm skills.
Or oh, there's a related one.
How to handle yourself.
Steve Gaskin.
How to handle yourself.
Since when is he doing?
Oh, but maybe that was about raising powers or something.
Raising the rod.
Anybody got any good rod or orb photographs lately?
Or or.
Well, anyway, oh, hypnotic pranks and tricks.
I thought that was when Bob should be teaching friends.
I can save you some time on the hypnotic pranks and tricks.
All you really need for successful hypnotism is a pointy goatee and bushy eyebrows.
That's the real secret.
You know all those books about how to hypnotize chicks and so forth.
Don't believe that stuff.
Just the bushy.
You've got to have the goatee and the bushy eyebrows, though.
I noticed Isaac was also leading one called Sex.
Magic for seniors.
Now for seniors, that's about the only kind, isn't it?
And practice what you preach.
Well, see, subgeniuses can't do that because we're not the kind of people we're preaching
to.
That's a good excuse.
And my friend and know me had a class earlier or yesterday called Stretch Yourself Out of
Pain.
Which I would have attended.
If it had only been for the.
If it had only been Stretch Yourself Out of Debt.
But I think I stretched myself into debt.
Then there was the Puffer Trance in the Space Dome.
I know what that's all about.
And the Ignivomus Pyrography.
That's my favorite title.
Ron Slabe's fireworks and music show last night was Ignivomus Pyrography.
You got me, but it sounds great.
Great job.
And right now, as I'm speaking, I'm up against body painting art ritual and play.
So that's where everybody else is.
See?
No, I'm not going to tell you.
You have to stay here.
By hanging around the main stage sound area at Starwood, I was able to procure excellent
recordings from sound man Regis Sedlock.
Any time that a band knocked me off the stage.


I was completely on my ears, as the saying goes.
And this happened when a band called Thelonious Bosch played.
And nobody at Ace really knew much about this band, except that their CD sounded really
good and weird and Celtic.
And that they were from Minneapolis.
But it turned out it wasn't just Celtic, friends, as heard on Speaker 7.
It was Bulgarian and Aswinian and every kind of obscure ethnic tune.
And stuff from 600 years ago.
Done up in all manner of instrumentation.
Modern instruments and stuff.
Including two high speed violins and a smoky voiced singer babe.
Adding totally modern lyrics to these ancient tunes.
As you will hear in this show.
And well, they did a killer version of Give Me That Old Time Religion.
Let us worship like the Druids.
Running naked through the night.
In theärke puis en underneath un maeble flûte.

Drinking strange fermented fluids which taste good enough for me.
Give me that old-time religion, give me that old-time religion
Give me that old-time religion It's good enough for me.
Oh, the Christians are a humming cuz they say their God is coming
Well our God came three times last night and our God is 33
Give me that old-time religion, it's good enough for me.

Give me that old-time religion.
It's good enough for me.
It's good enough for me.
Cause she doeth what she willeth,
Good she willeth, lillith killeth,
But she's good enough for me.
Gimme that old time religion,
give me that old time religion.
It's good enough for me.
We will gather in our saunas,
Till the Spirit comes upon us,
To perform the rites upon us,
And that's good enough for me.
Gimme that old time religion,
give me that old time religion.
Take it Rick Lee!
There are some who say it's folly
When we worship a mother collie
She may not be very jolly
And she's good enough for me
Gimme that old town religion
Gimme that old town religion
Gimme that old town religion
It's good enough for me
Well it made me a believer
When I met that old man Shiva
And his cannabis sativa
It's quite good enough for me
Gimme that old town religion
Gimme that old town religion
Gimme that old town religion
It's good enough for me
Let us sing to Mother Isis
She'll stand by us in a crisis
And she hasn't raised her prices
It's good enough for me
Gimme that old town religion
Gimme that old town religion
Gimme that old town religion
It's good enough for me
Break down!
Ha!
With your trusty old othami
You can cast a triple whammy
Or slice and dice salami
Which is good enough for me
Gimme that old town religion
Gimme that old town religion
Gimme that old town religion
It's good enough for me
Says my mom this witchcraft's loony
And this pagan stuff is goony
But at least he's not a moony
That's good enough for me!
Gimme that old town religion
Gimme that old town religion
Gimme that old town religion
It's good enough for me
There are people into voodoo
With their mojo and their hoodoo
I know I do, I hope you do
That's good enough for me
Gimme that old town religion
Gimme that old town religion
Gimme that old town religion
It's good enough for me
We will worship Maphrodite
Though she's kinda wild and flighty
We get to see her in her nighty tonighty
That's good enough for me
Gimme that old town religion
Gimme that old town religion
releases me through the show
It's good enough for haned riff
Hanna theme!
This verse means a lot to us because we're from Minnesota, and we're very glad that we
didn't bring our state bird here to you.
Outdoor skyclad is for weirdos who forget about mosquitoes and they zap you like torpedoes.
That's not good enough for me.
Give me that old time religion.
Give me that old time religion.
Give me that old time religion.
It's good enough for me.
It was good enough for Buda.
As a god he's kinda cuta and he comes in brass or puta so he's good enough for me.
Give me that old time religion.
Give me that old time religion.
Give me that old time religion.
It's good enough for me.
Let us sing to Lord Cthulhu.
Don't let Lovecraft try to fool ya.
For the elder gods will rule you.
They're quite good enough for me.
Give me that old time religion.
Give me that old time religion.
Give me that old time religion.
It's good enough for Nemo.
In the halls of Frey and Freya.
All the priestesses will lay ya.
If you're good enough they'll pay ya.
That's good enough for me.
Give me that old time religion.
Give me that old time religion.
Give me that old time religion.
It's good enough for me.
John and Paul and George and Ringo.
We will worship playing bingo.
We will listen to them sing-o.
That's good enough for me.
That old time religion.
Give me that old time religion.
Give me that old time religion.
It's good enough for me.
Medieval troll jams for the new dark ages.
And now to those live recordings at Starwood.
So as Jeff Rosenbaum said,
God works in mysterious ways
but Bob plays in mysterious ways.
And, friends, maybe if we're lucky
we can hope for not only survival
with or without the aliens
but REVENGE AS WELL!!
Oh, wouldn't that be great?
I'm so tired of nothing being fair.
My wife comes home.
She has to work a real job.
And she comes home and it's really not fair.
And nothing to get hung about.
But no, but the new age, I'm afraid, in general kind of insists on fairness.
And friends, that's not fair to the unfair.
You know.
And so we hear all this gyria running out of all these gurus, therapists, and numb nuts.
And our job in the Church of the Subgenius is simply, well, among many other things,
it's really one of our jobs is to unmask the false prophets.
That's great.
That means anybody you don't like.
That's the pink boys, the humans, the mediocritans, the Barbies and Kens, the cage dwellers,
and all that, which can all be read about in our booklets and pamphlets.
And DVDs over there.
But really, it's a tricky question.
Who is the biggest false prophet in your life?
You know, is it George Bush?
Is it the boss?
Is it Bob?
No, it's you.
Yeah, it's you.
The biggest liar you know is you.
And the reason I know that is because I'm the biggest liar I know.
But I'm trying to catch myself in the lies.
Oh.
I just did it again.
I'm sorry.
See, it's so difficult.
It is really, it is very, very difficult.
And a slack of that kind does not come that easy.
And so there's all this new age guru claptrap that sometimes I'm wondering,
does it really teach you to be more aware?
Or is it teaching you to pretend better to be more aware and more awake?
Is it just giving you a more?
Is it giving you a more?






It's a lofty vocabulary of higher consciousness,
which mimics the real thing.
You can find lots of people right here who will teach you
how to categorize every part of your personality
just as if you understood all those parts.
But really, aren't they just possibly more imaginary boxes
that keep you automatically sure that you're not on automatic?
That's the whole idea, right?
That's the whole idea.
Not to let yourself fall into that sleepwalk,
to try to keep yourself from mental habits and being alert and awake and so forth.
I know all this because I'm one of the automatic robots
that goes around telling all the other robots
that they're robots and they must wake up.
I do that automatically.
That was the way I was programmed.
You know, I read a bunch of fucking Robert Anton Wilson books or something.
Next thing you know,
I had to have Pope Bob himself.
He himself had to de-zombify me.
Actually, I wrote to...
I was a big fan of Robert Anton Wilson when I was in my 20s.
I wrote him...
I just had to get in touch with him, you know?
I had to make that communication somehow.
And so I wrote him a letter with the...
just made up a question that I thought he might be interested in answering.
Something about some weird UFO cult.
And he said,
if you get any deeper into UFOs,
try to keep your sense of humor.
I probably shouldn't say any more about what Pope Bob told me about...
But anyway, that's how I know about enlightenment.
It's because I was automatically programmed to tell everybody to wake up.
It's fun to put yourself into the happy mental state
of believing yourself to be fully awake and preternaturally aware.
To skip straight to announcing your enlightenment,
without actually ever having turned the lights on.
So to speak.
And you know and I know a lot of...
very well-spoken new age people
who are so busy thinking about how in the now they are
that they can't pay any attention to what's really happening
right in front of their damn face.
You know, they talk the trademark talk of the aware person,
but it just stays hot air.
And I'm sick of this hot air.
Man, they don't live forever.
They don't speak from the grave.
They don't really read minds.
Their followers might say they do,
but it's only because they heard somebody say that they heard somebody say that they do.
It's just words, words, words, and a bunch of hot air.
And I should probably shut the fuck up.
See, that gets applause.
See, they get that over...
They like that.
But seriously, you know, the followers type.
Now, the super
The super duper types are those with the most vested interest in not being proved to have been dupes of a conman.
Or worse, a conman who is himself a sincere dupe of a long line of conmen.
Because we all want answers, we all want meaning, we all want to know what...
what it's all about.
out, but do we really have to? Is there anything in the rule book that says we have to know or that
we deserve to know? Isn't it okay if they never catch the Loch Ness Monster? They did catch Bigfoot.
He turned out to be just some guy like me and my crop circle friends. So the conspiracy is
one version of the conspiracy existing inside you and me is thinking that mental freedom
is going to come by magic from reading books or believing some lofty, copying the vocabulary of
somebody who knows how to talk the talk. And I may not be enlightened, but I can spot a liar
sometimes. It takes one to know one. And friends, when you see a guru bragging about his enlightenment,
I'll say that again, bragging about his enlightenment, and sometimes it's very
indirect, you know, those who know don't say and those who say don't know, so I should shut up.
One of the greatest tricks of the false prophet is so simple. Well, it's the power stare,
you know, just a certain look that impresses, well, it impresses intellectuals is what it
does.
It's a simple trick that creates a powerful presence, you know. Suddenly you're the, and it's
the simple power stare. Chimpanzees and Texas rednecks practice the power stare, but it only
works on other chimpanzees or on people who read too much, Star Trek fans, geeks, gimps, nerds,
dips, friends, you know, I mean, it's not that hard.
I mean, it's not that hard to start your own cult and rope in believers saying the most outrageous,
patently loony bullshit, I promise you. I've had to deprogram subgeniuses. And also, when people are
giving lessons in enlightenment, that certainly implies that they're qualified to teach it, so
that, you know, have you ever had somebody, like people who tell you you're smart, only it's like,
you know, you're not smart. You're not smart. You're not smart. You're not smart. You're not smart.
They're complete drunken tarts. And they're going, I've been listening to what you're saying,
and I must say, I want you to know that you're very intelligent. Oh, well, thanks so much
for the compliment there. I never would have, you know, telling people who's smart and who's dumb
is not necessarily smart. And even if a statement is true, it's not necessarily
a good idea to say it. So, but there's one thing far more powerful than even belief or the power of
the human mind, and that is the human ego. That damn ego thing is so much better at tricking the
mind than the mind can even guess. In fact, your ego makes your mind think that it's winning
all the time just by sweet talking it. Boy, you are so, hey, you've got your act together, man.
You're not in your own little world.
You've really got your act together. So you just keep doing what I told you to, bragging.
So next thing you know, there's guys that are nothing but ego telling everybody else how to
run their own minds and lose their egos. As the new rapper Poop Bobby Bob said,
the pink boy's got a Bob complex.
Oh, yes. When you're at Starwood, it's a good idea to,
occasionally get away from all the new agers and play some punk or otherwise sarcastic or
disrespectful secular music for yourself to offset the nice sweetness and light crap
that impinges from all directions there. Now, luckily for me, my friend, sister Melodious
Chops, also known in the human world as Victoria Ganger, writes sarcastic sweetness and light music.
She,
she has sweet songs and sad songs and happy songs, but she's best known for her sarcastic songs.
I've played Pagan Fest Barbie on Hour of Slack many times, but she's got a new one,
which you're about to hear called Magical Tool. The backup babes in this band, Victoria Ganger and
Revelry, by the way, include Princess We Are Doe, to whom I am consort.
And they sound like sarcastic angels, friends.
This is the song that we've been talking up the whole time. If you like Pagan Fest Barbie,
we think you'll like this one.
Too bad Oberon left.
Bagpipes play
One dark and stormy night, I thought I'd do me some magic and work me a spell that was cool,
not to summon up a pixie or find me a new friend, or find me a new conference room, or find me a new place to stay.
Fix something tragic, just get me a magical tool.
I had cups and wands and cauldrons, even an altar with davies carved out of stone.
But I was feeling all frustrated, cause I was lacking a magical tool of my own.
One with the heart of a god and the mind of a druid, and built like the bull of Queen Maeve too.
But I spent too much time in the arms of Bacchus, so I'll probably settle for you.
Now that's a lesson that I've tried a long time to learn.
So I knew that it was risky, but I was frisky and I had some power to burn.
Burn.
So I did some meditating, gazed at some candles and splashed in my visionary pool.
I threw caution to the wind and then I started to spin and called for a magical tool.
One with the heart of a god, oh please don't make him dizzy, and built like the bull of Queen Maeve too.
But Osiris is unwilling and Odin's busy, so I'll probably settle for you.
Oh I was something like that.


Oh my higher power, can you hear me?
I'm praying with all of my might.
For the you'll bring my tool here tonight.
Now I know you don't like whining.
So here is some candid.
Maybe Ill pour you a beer.
And it would be awesome, but I can not keep the good will than this love.
It's not too much trouble.
It would be handy if you'd manifest him right here.
And with the heart of a god and the mind of a druid,
I'm built like the bull of Queen Maeve too.
But Cthulhu is outrageous.
Krishna's contagious.
So I'll probably settle for you.
And up and down and in and out,
cause that's what magic's all about.
I want to get me a magical tool.
Round and round and round we go with me above and you below.
I really need me a magical tool
that has the heart of a god and the mind of a druid
built like the bull of Queen Maeve too.
But Poseidon is suspicious.
Thor can be vicious.
So I'll probably settle for you.
Dearest higher power,
now don't you tease me.
I'm not asking much of you here.
Just a single magic tool that would try to please me
and help me to be of good cheer.
I have practiced long and hard,
so you will reward me the way that you know that I should.
And I swear I won't abuse him.
I'll never lose him.
And I'll own him.
I'll only use him for good.
And you have the heart of a god.
Oh, please don't make him lazy.
Built like the bull of Queen Maeve too.
But Apollo's such a player.
And Loki's crazy.
So I'll probably settle for you.
I don't want to be depressed.
I demand the best.
So I'll probably settle for you.
Ooh!
Woo-hoo!
Thank you.
We are Revelry.
Enjoy the rest of your evening.
That's Victoria Ganger and Revelry.
And you can find out more about them
at www.revelrychix.com.
And now this.
Now.
How much time do I have?
A little bit more.
I want to read something that another subgenius said on our news group,
the subgenius news group, alt.slack.
Just before I left for Starwood, I printed this out.
They were bitching.
It was the title of the thread was Zen Sucks.
And they were basically talking about American Buddhists who are full of crap.
This one guy said,
Well, it's not about overcoming the ego.
It's about realizing your ego doesn't exist.
I know that because I lost my ego a long time ago.
It's great not having an ego.
All the chicks think I'm so hot,
and I'm smarter and better looking than I ever was
when I was just a bag of skin with a little controlling voice inside.
I make more money than ever.
I just bought my fourth vacation home in Italy.
I have a bitchin' set of wheels.
I have three ways and four ways every night,
and I never feel bad about anything.
In fact, I screwed the waitress at the local French restaurant in the pantry,
then had a big dinner and skipped out on the bill
and didn't feel guilty at all
because being an enlightened master, I deserve it.
You can take it from me.
Being ego-free is terrific.
That was by Bolden Pramer.
Sure.
And then our friend, Reverend Joe,
Joe Cosby said,
and bear with me, this is great,
I've always found American Buddhists intensely irritating.
Like Puritans, but worse.
Always running around preaching about the evils of your ego,
usually when you say something that would irritate them
if they weren't so lofty and enlightened.
And you know they're lofty and enlightened because they tell you so.
But no, you have an ego problem.
Your ego's getting in the way of seeing that they, the Buddhists,
are right in all ways at all times.
A bunch of passive-aggressive serial killers.
Anybody who tells you they're enlightened is looking for a donation.
Anybody who tells you what you, quote, need to do, unquote,
is trying to tell you that they're enlightened
without being so obvious about it.
They want you to say it.
Of course, J.R. Bob Dobbs is an exception to this rule.
Bob does want a donation,
but only so that he can continue the good work
of getting even more donations.
And Bob is enlightened.
Bob is more enlightened than Mother Teresa,
the Dalai Lama, and Martha Stewart put together.
Bob spent many years in the misty Himalayas
studying, meditating, and chanting
under the great ascended masters in their mountain monasteries,
and he had a realization that none of them before had had,
and that was that studying, meditating, and chanting
is really fucking boring.
It was from this epiphany that Bob developed
a new system of enlightenment.
Instead of studying and meditating to get enlightenment,
the Bob Dharma was to buy it,
which is much more time-efficient.
Bringing his salesman superpowers to bear,
Bob quickly realized that all these masters he'd studied with,
while they were pretty sure that they were actually pretty enlightened,
couldn't help but wonder secretly
if the other masters might not be as enlightened.
If they might not be more enlightened,
or have some type of enlightenment
which had never occurred to them.
So Bob quickly brokered a black market network
through which one enlightened master
could buy another enlightened master's enlightenment
using subgenius technology to isolate the area of the brain
where the enlightenment pheromones go,
and transferring them via toothpaste tubes
obtained at a bargain from army surplus.
Yes.
Since he realized,
he ran the whole network of course,
Bob got the best prices
and got to sample everybody's enlightenment,
and he passes the savings on to you!
So friends,
and those savings are represented by our new set of DVDs there.
For those who can't read,
there are the DVDs,
and for those who can only read a little,
there are the $1 pamphlets.
But really friends,
is it all bluff,
you know,
guru bluff,
and self-bluff,
fire sign theater kind of indicated that it might be.
Are we really that cynical?
Is the guru bluffing himself so well that he inspires others?
And if so,
is there anything wrong with that?
Gurdjieff,
actually this whole rant was inspired by a book about Gurdjieff
by a friend of mine,
John Shirley,
who is a science fiction writer,
and he wrote his first non-fiction book was a,
a life of Gurdjieff.
He was originally kind of skeptical,
but when he got into it,
he talked to some of the Gurdjieff teachers,
the ones that are in the more legitimate,
you know,
schools,
according to him anyway.
And,
and,
and he ended up getting to be a little bit of a kind of a believer in it.
And I read his book and it was very respectful,
but I couldn't help,
but focus on this paragraph at the end where he kind of skimmed over the fact that,

bottom line,
Gurdjieff was a guy who wrote some books and did these classes and had babies by the wives of many of his followers and was,
died of smoking too much and being an old drunk who had a car wreck.
You know,
so,
and this is the best we have,
you know,
this was the most legitimate of the mystic school teachers for me.
And I still ended up going,
well,
was he all just,
was he just saying all this shit because it sounded wise?
You know,
it's so easy to learn the semblance and the trappings of awareness and knowledge.
All you need is the impenetrably flighty jargon punctuated by
pregnant pauses and flattery.
There's a key moment when the real good teacher will say,
Oh,
obviously there are many things I don't need to tell you.
And they use the big eyebrows at that moment.
And that's the cue that they could tell you even more with more donations.
Friends,
some,
it's not necessarily lying,
but lying by omission and by suggestion and providing rule books for fairness for lazy thinkers who want to believe that there's such a thing as fairness.
People who like to think that they're thinkers.
And that brings us to the subgenius kooks.
Friends,
J.R.
Bob Dobbs said a bunch of shit that was so obviously exactly telling kooks what they would most want to believe that only a kook could possibly believe it.
And so plenty did.
And that is why I know how easy it is to fool somebody.
We weren't even trying.
In fact,
it says,
humor on the back of the damn book.
And I've had people tell me,
no,
staying.
It's all channeled material.
It's like,
well,
no,
it's me and my friends got high and wrote that shit.
Well,
but you were being the invisible college was channeling this material through you.
You just had to get drunk in order to,
you know,
be a proper channel.
It's like,
well,
whatever,
I guess friends.
Sometimes I suspect that in some cases,
certainly not all,
but sometimes gurus and therapists.
Especially can kind of impede your slack because there's some things you just have to figure out for yourself.
Unless you're a dumbass,
then you should pay me.
And that's why that table is over there,
but you really have to want to stop kidding yourselves.
You can't just want to reap the bragging rights about it.
One sign of getting old like me is when you're not sure you're right anymore.
Being more sure that you're right.
Right?
Is a sign of being stupid,
not necessarily old.
So when you're young,
you're more,
you're a lot more sure of what little you do know.
And when you get older,
you know a lot more,
but you're very doubtful of any of it.
At least that's the way it struck me.
But nonetheless,
even though this,
all this is so vague and maybe an if fish,
God damn it.
The subgenius,
this,
even though it may be drunk,
broke,
neurotic,
stupid,
yet it is still better.
And still,
still luckier because it has Bob and the others don't.
And that is all any religion really does for you.
Yes,
you're smarter than the next guy because you believe the right thing.
Friends,
Bob Dobbs healed me.
He healed me.
He took his living fist and he rammed it all the way up my butt and it Bob healed my ass.
Now,
you may not want to be.
He healed quite the same way.
You know,
when you take the path less traveled,
you often find out that it was less traveled for a pretty good reason.
But and sadly,
everybody,
everybody is pretending to be something.
They're not because you can't know what you really are.
That's one case where the act of observing really does affect the outcome and where the ego is a lot smarter than the mind because you can form a labyrinth of beautiful.
Words just the most wonderful sounding stuff and get lost in that maze of words and or rituals or habits or whatever to the point where you're analyzing the forest while the trees are burning down all around you.
So damn it friends.
All I can say is there is such a thing as slack,
but I sure can't tell you what it is.
And,
uh,
Bob is not the answer,
but neither is anything else.
Praise Bob and friends.
That is why we say repent,
quit your job and slack off while you still know how question Authority.
Cuz I said so.
Yeah.
And friends really just the only thing you really have to do.
They have to remember about the church of the subgenius.
We only have one rule.
We don't have a charter.
It's company.
It's actually a novelty company incorporated in Texas.
So hopefully what happened to Oberon won't happen to us,
but the one rule and really,
you know,
we can Bob said a lot of funny shit.
Pull the wool over your own eyes.
Well, that's great.
I'm blind still,
but at least it's my own blindness.
Too much is always better than not enough.
Yeah, go ahead kid.
But it's almost as bad.
That was the part Bob left out.
He had a lot of wise stuff and most of it really doesn't hold up under close examination,
but one does and that's the one rule.
The one solid foundation bedrock of the church of the subgenius.
Fuck them if they can't take a joke.
That is that is it.
That is it.
Give me that old time religion, it's good enough for me.
We will go and worship Maui with that Polynesian Sa'ui,
and he'll give us Maui-Waui, that's stoned enough for me.
Give me that old time religion, give me that old time religion,
give me that old time religion, it's good enough for me.
We will all worship Elvis, although he was kinda selfish,
he could rock and roll his pelvis, he's good enough for me.
Give me that old time religion, give me that old time religion,
give me that old time religion, it's good enough for me.
Let us dance with Dionysus and get drunk on wine and spices,
the Christians call them physes but they're good enough for me.
Give me that old time religion, give me that old time religion,
give me that old time religion, it's good enough for me.
Give me that old time religion, give me that old time religion,
give me that old time religion, it's good enough for me.
It's good enough for me.
We will sing a verse for Eris, golden apples for the fairest.
Though she sometimes tries to scare us, she's good enough for me.
Grab your sacrifice and wicker, it will make the flames burn quicker.
Though the cell makes some foes sicker, it's still good enough for me.
We will jump the old bonfire, though the flames are roaring higher.
If you miss, you join the pyre, and that's good enough for me.
Gimme that old time religion, Ricci, Miller, I don't even know how to
Decide it's good enough for me.
Gimme that old time religion, Ricci, Miller, I don't even know how to
We will all practice tantra, groans and grunts will be our mantra.
When there's nothing that you can't-a, it's good enough for me.
Gimme that old time religion,
Give me that old time religion, give me that old time religion, it's good enough for me.
Oh, this lusty old priapus, he's just itching to unwrap us.
He'll do lots more than just tap us, he's good enough for me.
Give me that old time religion, give me that old time religion, give me that old time religion, it's good enough for me.
Oh, we'll all worship Venus, oh the gods, you should have seen us.
Now the clinic has to screen us, but she's good enough for me.
Give me that old time religion, give me that whole time religion, give me that whole time religion, it's good enough for me.
Oh, we'll all worship Bacchus, and we'll raise a royal raucous, and he'll lay us down and fuck us, he's good enough for me.
Give me that old time religion, give me that whole time religion, give me that whole time religion,
at least He'll bring us back and we'll say He's good enough for me.

It's good enough for me.
If you think these verses for us,
then go write another chorus.
Just make sure that you don't bore us.
You're all good enough for me.
An old time religion.
Give me that old time religion.
That old time religion.
One more time.
Last time.
Give me that old time religion.
Give me that old time religion.
Give me that old time religion.
It's good enough for me.
Yeah.
Thank you for indulging us.
You guys too.
We understand there's going to be some things blowing up next door.
So we'll play this one
and send you off to the next one.
We'll all off into the night.
We are Philonious Bosch from Minneapolis.
Thank you again for having us here.
We like your city very much.
We're going to finish off with a piece of medieval English music.
Sir Ian Gillan.
From somewhere in the 1370s?
14, 15?
Maybe the 1770s.
1870s?
No.
1870s?












He doesn't honestly say that.
The window is broken.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
We're kind of sorry this is the last song.
It's been a great time playing for you guys.
¶¶
¶¶
Sing along in the chorus if it might mood strikes you.
¶¶
¶ Well we all came into Montreux ¶¶
¶ On the Lake Geneva shoreline ¶¶
¶ To make music with the mobile ¶¶
¶ We didn't have much time ¶¶
¶ Frank Zappa and the mother ¶¶
¶ Had the best time ¶¶
¶ We had the best place around ¶¶
¶ But some stupid with a flare gun ¶¶
¶ Burned the place to the ground ¶¶
¶ Smoke on the water ¶¶
¶ And fire in the sky ¶¶
¶ Smoke on the water ¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶ They burned down the gambling house ¶¶
¶ It died with an awful sound ¶¶
¶ Funky club was running in and out ¶¶
¶ Burning kids out of the ground ¶¶
¶ When it all was over ¶¶
¶ Had to find another place ¶¶
¶ The Swiss time was running out ¶¶
¶ It seemed that we would lose the race ¶¶
¶ Smoke on the water ¶¶
¶ And fire in the sky ¶¶
¶ Smoke on the water ¶¶
¶¶
¶ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶ We ended up at the Grand Hotel ¶¶
¶¶
¶ It was lonely, cold, and bare ¶¶
¶¶
¶ With a rolling truck stowa¶¶ ¶¶

¶ Just outside making our music la¶¶
¶¶
¶ With a few empty beds ¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶ And a few red lights ¶¶
¶ It built a place to sweat ¶¶
No matter what we get out of this I know that we will never forget
Smoke on the water, the fire in the sky
Smoke on the water, the fire in the sky
Smoke on the water, the fire in the sky
You can learn more about Starwood by looking at www.rosencomet.com
That's R-O-S-E-N comet dot com
And hello friends, I have so...
You know, I'm a geek and I just as soon sit and animate and edit and fiddle with my computer
And that's really what I've mostly been doing
And if left to my own devices, I'd probably just hide
In my little studio here making things in a gilded cage with Princess Wee and a G5 Mac
But whenever she orders me to go out with her to be sociable like at Starwood
It's not nearly as bad as I expect
And, you know, it's gotten to where I wouldn't want to miss a Starwood if I could help it
Even if they weren't paying me to rant there
Because you never know where else a trip to Brushwood might lead you
And I'd probably, if I could
I'd probably go to Brushwood
Also attend Burning Man and Pamplona, Mardi Gras, Carnival, Glastonbury
And every year, if I were a wealthy man
Because you see such strange, strange things
I'd even attend Burning Star
Or, I don't know about Manwood though
But you meet the most interesting people despite yourself
That's what usually happens to me anyway
And a special thanks to our friend Pater Nostril
For everything he does for us
And for everything at Starwood
And the Barneys
And Jeff and Joe at Ace
For more on Starwood again, check out roseandcomet.com
It is by far the coolest big pagan festival anywhere
I can tell you that with absolute surety
And the greatest cult in the world is the Church of the Subgenius
At www.subgenius.com
Friends, you can even write to me at subgenius.com
And write me, Reverend Ivan Stang
At post office box 181417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Stang at subgenius.com and praise
Remember, people watch the line of drinking
To make sure you have alcohol and fire
On every level of your home
Remember, if someone in your household
Chokes under the influence of fire
You must be aware of Ontario
Remember, if someone in your household
Chokes under the influence of fire

I'm a dangerous drinker
You must remember
There's more to responsible drinking
Than alcohol and fire
On every level of your home
There's more to responsible drinking
Than alcohol and fire
On every level of your home
There's more to responsible drinking
I want to tell you about Paris
My heart has never finished
There's an advantage of the Eiffel Tower
Or the Saint-Michel neighborhood
Ha ha!
