Your mind.
It is the center of your life.
It is everything you hear.
Everything you see.
Everything you feel.
It is everything you are.
How do you know if such stole your mind?
And now, the subgenius hour of SWAT.
The subgenius hour of SWAT that you are about to listen to
is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of...
So any other shows be heard from or contacted in the course of this show,
the listener is advised to remain calm and only contact listed or unlisted officials
in the event of any material from this radio or other radio station.





This is Walter Teasdale reminding you that it's often a photon that light releases,
but truth is, not everyone gets the picture.
Hoping your time is all time and all your unpermissible truths are happy truths.
Here is your host, Reverend Ivan Stan.
It may not be Mr. Right,
but he is...
He is certainly Mr. Smooth.
He is a booty, he's a booty, she's a booty too.
But Mr. Momma,
Poodamatada,
Poodamatada,
Poodamatada,
Poodamatada,
Poodamatada,
if you want to come back and never look through,
we can show you some Taza and some booty too.
This is something we think you should know,
where it's got three,
four,
one,
two,
three
by one,
oh
ah
t'oh
with a response of that.
I don't see what,
I'm sorry.
Even though a lot of people used to listen to us, Dave.
I'm glad no one does anymore
because it kind of gives you the sensibility returns
that why do you do anything while you do it
because you are our spontaneous одноimager.
Yes but I have about four hours.
anymore. Oh, that's great. Why did you throw it away? It was such an invention.
Well, I have it here. Which was the mother of invasion. You could put the thing on and have a little
tabla thing. You know, a little Indian instrument. Oh, yeah, and then you could play it
like right, like...
Oh, man.
Some brain rot theater here in the background, friends.
Mm-hmm.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Chaz.
Tonight's hour of slack is
kind of a trip into death
and through death into rebirth.
Yes, really, it's a mysterious show.
Mayhaps at points a frightening show.
But, uh,
you know,
but if you stay tuned after a while, it'll become a sexy show.
That really makes me mad.
That was kind of help on the rockish.
Was it?
Yeah, that was.
But we did jam help.
We did jam a rock without the aid or assistance.
Any unnatural products except for our own soulful bladder-removing cakes,
which we just brought into the studio over the last half hour
for the special WKRON giveaway.
Wall ball.
The wall ball.
Wall ball.
What the hell is...
Well, anyway, hey...
So what do you guys think?
There's four people on the air, but only two people listening.
Do you think that's the right ratio?
I think that's fine. Fine with me.
I think that only two people should listen to the show.
You said fresh and new, and boy, there's a smell in here.
That's for sure.
Smells like God.
Smells like all the great outdoors.
You know what?
Some people train their dogs with a rolled-up newspaper,
but John Holmes didn't have to.
Excuse me.
This is disgusting.
We've had, oh, whole slime balls, blowfish, puff ball, salvo maneuvers,
phlegm, ice buckets, moments of ecstasy,
P.O., diaper pails, flogging.
This show is in the...
I know, I know.
If I'm going to send my money,
I must insist on a more elevated intellectual plane.
And furthermore, it is quite illegal to say...
I know.
...penis on the radio.
I know, but I...
Oh.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Right on time.
Now they're going to complain,
and then we're going to have our badges.
No, instead we'll have a wonderful tape to edit
and send throughout the Subgenius Tape Network.
Hundreds of shows.
Playing your voice.
Well, there is...
Not sounding like a dweeb.
He has defaced himself.
No matter how bad they are?
I think, uh...
I think the Reverend stated it so well.
Reverend Sowell.
Yeah.
Reverend Sowell stated it so good.
Yes.
When he said that it was, uh, that football was, uh...
Did he say it was like life or like death?
He said it was like shrapnel.
He said it was like shrapnel.
I thought that was so good.
It's a way of working its way out of your system.
It does.
Well, tell me this, uh...
You can tell me.
You can answer me this, uh, Catherine.
And your voice certainly has changed.
Yeah, well, I've been speaking a lot.
Uh-huh.
1972.
Quite a load, you know.
Even God can't help me with that.
I can still smile, though.
Yes, yes.
Answer me this one question.
Would you, uh, drive such a lovely, expensive automobile
down the street without tires?
No.
Would that be ridiculous?
That would be silly.
Moronic?
That's why I, uh...
Crazy?
I don't watch television so very much.
If you could say that.
I have lots of wheels, and I got a lot of spare tires, too.
But...
Do you think, uh, tell me...
Can you smile?
Yeah.
That's very good.
Uh, tell me this, Catherine.
It, it, the young people.
There are...
Oh, the young people.
There are so many of them.
Thank God.
Yes.
And, uh...
They're so young.
Yes.
Now, don't you think that they...
that they have a love for...
Lord Jesus.
Yes, I do.
Can you smile?
Yeah.
That's very nice.
Just like Jesus.
Oh, yes.
Under the beard.
Uh-huh.
Yes.
For a woman, that is a fairly well-developed beard.
Well, that's just in your eyes.
In my eyes, it's just...
No.
No, my...
The best I can do.
Can you smile?
No, no, no.
My beard is not in my eyes.
Don't catch it.
You catch the beard from your own eyes.
Isn't it true?
Yes, it is.
Why don't you just brush your hair?
I'll brush my hair back so I can see.
Oh, you're young, too.
Yes.
Smile at me.
There we go.
I have no lines in my hair.
I have no lines on this paper.
You mean we have nothing more to say?
No.
Why did God give lines to his people?
Well, that's just the first question this evening, dear friends,
on the Everybody's God Show.
Brought to you by fruit.
Fruit that grows on every tree.
Fruit.
Fruit.









I'll put it there, Dr. Amos.
Look out for that snake!
These Chico sticks are terrible.
That snake left them here.
Oh.
I do not want to die because as far as I am concerned, I am dead already.
I merely want the doctors to recognize that fact.
I cannot believe that this...
This condition constitutes life in any real sense of the word.
Legally, you're alive.
I think I could challenge even that.
Any reasonable definition of the word life must include the idea that it be self-supporting.
Now, isn't it true that in heart transplant cases,
it's legal to take someone's heart if they can only be kept alive by these respirators and other medical hardware?
There also has to be no brain activity.
I don't see it at all.
Yours is certainly working, Mr. Harrison.
Certainly working and certainly sane.
That's what we're here to decide.
Your Honor, I am not asking anyone to kill me.
You're only asking to be discharged from this hospital.
Which will kill you.
And that's exactly my point.
I'll spend the rest of my life in this hospital with everything in it geared just to keeping my brain alive.
Now...
As far as I'm concerned,
that's an act of violence.

An act of deliberate cruelty.
Wouldn't it be more cruel for society to let people die when with some effort it could save them?
No.
Because the cruelty is not a question of saving someone's life or letting them die.
The cruelty...
is that the choice is removed from the person concerned.
I would like to be able to decide what happens to my own body.
This is a reading of Timothy Leary's Psychedelic Guide to the Tibetan Book of the Dead.
Instructions for use during a psychedelic session.
First Bardo Instruction.
Oh Ed!
Ho Tom!
Oh Voyages!
The time has come to seek new levers.
The time has come to seek new levers.

of reality.
Reality check.
Your ego and the end game
are about to cease.
That's what you think.
You're about to be set
face to face
with the clear light.
I like that light.
You're about to experience it
in its reality.
Reality check.
In the ego-free state
where in all things are light.
Avoid the cloudless skies.
Yes, I like the cloudless skies.
And the naked, spotless intellect
is like a transparent vacuum.
I'm going to get sucked into this one.
At this moment, know yourself
and abide in that state.
Are you going to bring politics into this?
Oh, Ed.
Oh, Tom.
Oh, Voyagers.
That which is called ego death
is coming to you.
I'm dead already.
Remember.
Got my pen.
This is now the hour
of death and rebirth.
All right, I'm out of here.
Take advantage of this temporary death
to obtain the perfect state.
Politics again?
Enlightenment.
Yes, I would like a mint.
Concentrate on the unity
of all living beings.
I'm concentrating.
Hold on to the clear light.
There's that light again.
Yes.
Use it to attain understanding and love.
Yes, I'd like to understand love, wouldn't you?
If you cannot maintain
the bliss of illumination.
I can't.
And if you are slipping back
to contact with the external world.
That's nothing.
Remember.
I got my pen.
There'll be a quiz after class.
The hallucinations.
I like hallucinations.
Which you may now experience.
Whoa.
The vision and insight.
I can see inside.
We'll teach you much about yourself and the world.
Yeah, but what about this veil?
The veil of routine perception
will be torn from your eyes.
I hate it when that happens.
Because my mind,
which had been my most precious possession,
has become my enemy
and it tortures me.
It tortures me with thoughts of
what might have been
and what might be to come.
And I can,
I can feel my mind
very slowly breaking up.
And he wore a copy of implied warranties
for something only of clause.
Furtive.
Myself.
In reverse action.
Six.
Severability.
If any force in or problem
on the practical ability to fulfill himself
as that force in the fire of the chaplain.
Then soft in the inertia,
of chairs.
Blind walls with all he who argue,
not refer to make magic.
Is unsatisfactory to exist.
Guess he couldn't get back in the phone booth
and delight.
Before you think there's that price.
51.
Every man of complex nomenclature.
Frankly I dare frame thy heart
in minute detail of a lot like death.
If you want to,
you misguided mother.
I wash my hands
of your damn foolish thoughts.
Die.
If you want to,
you must.
I'll kill you.

Let it guide you through your new life to come.
I thought I was dead.
If you feel confused.
I'm confused.
Call upon the memory of your friend.
Tom.
Ed.
Voyagers.
And the power of the person whom you most admire.
Thank you, Dennis Murphy.
Oh, Ed.
Oh, Tom.
Oh, Voyagers.
Try to reach and keep the experience of the clear light.
Can I keep this?
Remember.
I got my pen.
The light is the life energy.
Hmm.
The endless flame of light.
Oh.
An ever changing surging turmoil of color may engulf your vision.
Wow, look at this.
This is the ceaseless transformation of energy.
Hmm.
The life process.
Oh.
Do not fear it.
I don't fear it.
Surrender to it.

I surrender.
Join it.
Are there going to be dues to pay?
It is part of you.
Part of me?
You are part of it.
Part of it?
Remember also.
What?
More notes.
Beyond the restless flowing electricity of life is the ultimate reality.
Reality check.
Oh.
So what's going on?
Well, the chicken bladder strips were.
I was talking about the catering tonight when you saw Rudley under hooking.
Shut up.
Okay.
I changed the script.









This is the greatest moment of my life.
After getting in the kitchen of a restaurant where children take after her family was
accompanied by low-class networks of construction workers, I went into Driving Lane Business



Follow us til' I could, put my shoes on, shoot a brink, and come home.
Spill.
I'll bring you to the Google show, and if you hadn't been able to hear, I was expecting
to have to stay with me.
I thought, I can't live if everybody goes away from me.
I don't want to.
I thought, Lord, you just have to understand,
because I can't do it anymore.
I can't come back and come back down here again.
I don't want to ever again.
No!
She wants to destroy me!
She wants to destroy me!
Come on, baby!
Come on, baby!
Nothing.
Hey, you're crazy.
I can pull those red vests.
You ready?
Four.
One with dust.
Two with dust.
Three with dust.
Four with dust.
Five with dust.
Three.
The voice.
That's nothing.
Your own awareness, not born into anything
possessing form or color, is naturally void.
That's nothing.
But what happened to your voice?
The final.
You know, reality.
Good.
I can get rid of this damn thing.
I still think you should sell it to me.
And I'll pass it around as a cultic-phobic reaction.
Hey, Chaz?
What?
Is spittle bio-radioactive sometimes?
Huh?
Is spittle radio-bio-genetic-gen-
What happens with bio-deo-gradogenetic radioactive?
Meaning that it breaks down in your tissues?
It breaks down at post office box 14876, Dave.
44114.
Caller, are you there?
Are you there yet?
Caller?
Are you losing your mind yet, friends?
Don't it feel good to do just that?
Why don't you just go to bed?








I was glad to get Dennis Murphy's name on the hour of slack.
And Linda's.
I won't explain that at all.
But I will explain what you've been listening to tonight on this subgenius radio half hour
so far.
Kind of a mix up of about six main things.
Of course, the funky bardos running through there doing their version of the Tibetan bar.
The Book of the Dead.
An amazing rendition of that normally real serious sort of tone there.
The funky bardos in Buffalo, New York.
Wonderful cassette we have from here.
A lot of brain rot theater from WCSB in Cleveland.
This particular tape was from, I recorded it off the air live.
It wasn't there in the studio.

They didn't send that one to me.
They don't even know I have that tape.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Chaz there going on.
And hurting you, I hope, sometimes.
Like the Firesign Theater stretch there talking about God and fruit.
And that was recorded in some LA radio station in 1972.
The death media barrage.
Which pops in and out.
Different ominous sounding quotes about death.
That's from Reverend Phineas Narco's cassette album, Cauldron of Agony.
Great name for a really disturbing tape.
There's some really, really insane talk and music in there.
Sort of cut up words.
From a tape called The Thing from Columbus by John Bennett, ZZ AJ, and Reverend Ficus
Strangulensis.
Let's see what else.
Of course, Bleepo Abernathy, as always, doing our titles.
And some KPFA, less than a show, more, more, much more than an hour.
Dr. Howell and Puzzling Evidence there.
And...
Gary Gabrog, Fran.
Fine, fine, Gary Gabrog, Fran.
Are you losing your mind yet?
I tried to warn some of you.
Hello?
Hello?
Hey.
Hey.
How you doing, Peggy Shores?
Yeah, all right.
How are you all?
Oh, we're medium fine.
Hey, would you like to participate in next week's episode, provided I don't drive to
Mars or some other planet?
Yeah.
Which would...
I don't know if I should give away the plot.
We've been thinking about getting in on this big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big,
You know everybody listens.
Oh, yeah.
Don't worry about it.
OK.
Well, if you'd like to, we'll tell you what it's about and stuff.
Anyway...
That'd be fine.
Oh, just...
What do you want?
I mean, we...
Just talk.
I just want to wish Dave a happy birthday there.
Oh, thanks so much, Gary.
I mean, Bill, I'm so glad that you remember today was the first day of the rest of my
life.
Yeah, I do.
and I'd like to offer you a complimentary scrotum tuck.
Well, you mean you're doing that now?
Well, I do the pigs all the time, so I figure out...
I thought you needed some kind of...
That's just a vet license, ain't it?
Yes, yes.
Well, you mean you're actually taking human clienteles now?
Yeah, I sure am.
Well, jeez, what kind of deals do you offer down there at the tuck and go?
Well, yours be free on the house.
Well, I'm glad as a birthday gesture that I'll get a tuck and go.
I definitely will, but what kind of specials do you offer some of the other frequents out there?
Well, we can talk about that off the air, but I'd give you more specifics then.
You're talking about castrations, are you?
No, just a simple tuck.
They're probably sagging real bad right now.
I see where you're coming from.
There we go.
What do you work for?
You work for some...
A little western.
A weird lab or something?
Some kind of weird sick people or something?
Come on, pig, man.
You've come a long way to get involved in something weird like this, man.
I could sing you a song, a birthday song.
Go ahead, sing me a birthday song.
Every birthday to you.
Every birthday to you.
You look like a dolphin.
Can you sing a little too?
That's it?
Aren't you touched?
I'm touched, but not in the right parts of my body.
I just had a minor... a minor... um...
Drizzle.
Ooh, Dave, it's Bertha down at the diner.
Hey, Bertha at the diner.
I remember your robust...
Where have you been keeping yourself, young man?
I haven't seen you in ages.
I've been keeping myself in an icebox with your heart pinned to my chest, baby cakes.
I heard about all that terrible food that they had for you down there.
I made your specialty tonight.
I made some Honey West Virginia graham cracker mealtime and whether or not cake.
Ooh!
I love that stuff.
That's mouthwatering pie.
That's awesome.
And it...
I even put drool on it.
A big splattering of drool.
I suppose you think that's funny because I mention that word occasionally.
No, that's your favorite.
That's monkey nipple stew.
Well, monkey nipples.
Now that's... that's the kind of phonetics we're talking about.
Monkey nipple stew is genuinely humorous and probably would taste good.
A periwinkle period pie.
That's even better because that tickles the old cerebrum.
A deep fried... a deep fried fish fish.
Woo!
That's too deep for me.
No.
No, I think when you get into deep fried deep fish fish...
Hey.
You're talking more spiritually.
Hello?
Which is too hard for us to understand right now.
Hello?

Hi.
You're on the air?
How are you?
With Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Do you pose the use of a calf at Metro House?
Now, did I used to pose in the calf barb at USA Metro House?
Yeah, I used to do the stud photos.
Remember me?
Uh, no.
Oh, yes you do.
I was the guy with the glazed and bronze body.
You kind of looked like Bobby Sherman.
The 23 inch biceps.
You remember me?
Yeah.
I remember you.
Oh, I remember you.


Do you remember Bobby Sherman?
They stick a...
They stick a... tubes down catheter...
Do I stick capillary tubes down...
Do you stick tubes where?
Catheter tubes, right?
Is that what you say?
Your butt.
In my butt?
Yeah.
Of course I do.
Where else would I put them?
Your butt?
In my botty, as they would say in Brazil.
Your butt.
In my bossy eye.
That's what they...
Your body.
In my body.
No, I don't.
As a matter of fact, why?
Could I maybe help you do that sometime?
Not to me, but you know, to you.


You, perhaps?
Yeah.
Now, you're not really a 12 year old guy, are you?
You are, actually are a 17 year old woman.
I mean, girl.
Uh huh.
13.
The history of evil and Illuminism is similar.
You are no doubt aware of the mystical significance of the eye in the pyramid found on the back
of U.S. dollar bills since 1933.
Yeah.
Some have explained it as a Masonic symbol, and this is correct.
It is public record that Franklin Roosevelt's political henchman, James Farley, was a member
of secret fraternal orders.
But did you know that this pyramid symbol dates back to ancient Egypt, where it was
known as the Eye of Horus?
And is it not curious that many have reported citing what appears to be a symbol of the

Eye of Horus as an observatory on the top of Mount Shasta?
This literally may be the true Eye of Horus, the all-seeing eye of world Illuminism.
How did this malignance enter America?
The connecting link dates back to the Middle Ages.
The musty history books of this era are full of sorcerers, pursuers of forbidden light,
significantly different from the original.
And, unfortunately, key public figures would pledge to this blasphemous creed.
Roger Bacon's 13th century English statement was devoted to what he called universal knowledge
and the practice of alchemy.
The problem of supernatural production of gold and silver, the true origin of demonic
monetary policy, and satanic inflation soon became such a threat that the British Parliament
outlawed it in 1404.
Yet Illuminists such as George Ripley of Britain and Basil Valentine of Germany continued
this malicious pursuit.
In modern times, we shall see that the alchemists have been succeeded by the Luciferian scientists
who invent new and terrible elements to destroy our civilization.
Isn't that a little extreme?
Extremity is the point.
Who is in charge of the world?
The conspiracy.
You are.
I haven't talked about my favorite conspiracy, the conspiracy of normals to make normalcy
the norm.
The most infuriating conspiracy of all.
The one that doesn't even know it's a conspiracy.
Confederacy of dunces.
Well, it gives them the unique opportunity to conspire against themselves without being
any more confused than they started off in the first place.
I've been reading Professor Timothy F. X. Finnegan of Trinity College, who was the founder of
patapsychology, which is influenced by very much by Alfred Jerry's pataphysics, the College of
Pataphysics in Paris. And patapsychology is based on memories we can't get rid of,
but can't quite believe in. It's the study of the preposterous memories. But briefly told
Finnegan that I've never seen a normal human being. I've never experienced an average day.
And Finnegan refers to that as Murphy's first fundamental finding. And that's the whole bedrock
of patapsychology. This is connected with Finnegan's thesis that the idea of the normal
was invented by the English to make us all act like they do. This was before they invented the
wire. Then they invented clocks to make a man work more than his good fortune.
And the whole British empire rests on the very is, which makes us believe our subjective
impressions are objective facts. And this is why the empire never ended. And nobody knows why Queen
Elizabeth was one of the fifth richest woman in the world. She didn't marry a rich man. She never
did any work in her life. Where does all this come from? Well, Lyndon LaRouche says it comes from the
international drug trade. I'd like to hear a better explanation. Finnegan says it's all due to the fact
that people are idiots. And so the British empire goes on collecting money by putting these people
on exhibit, even though not one of them is an authentic freak. And the only one who even begins
to resemble a freak is Prince Charlie. Well, so much for the British empire. And Professor
Jesus Magdalena Laputa of the University of Madrid, who's written so many books attacking
Finnegan, he has not proven his case that Finnegan is a paid propagandist for the IRA.
And anybody who pays any attention to that is just a paranoid kook.
And we'll be shocked. Alfred Kinsey's two books on sexual behavior were intended to prove that there is no such thing as normal sexual behavior. If you read him carefully and you read the thesis behind it, he makes it very clear. He points out at one place that he...
He pointed out as an entomologist and as a student of particularly specializing in the study of wasps. And he discovered that his specimens, he always measured his specimens.
He crashed down to other races.
He found out, yes.
He got stung by the wasps.
He found out that there was no such thing as a normal wasp, and that they were all...they
just came in all different...members of the same species came in all different shapes
and sizes, and there was such an incredible diversity among them. And he found the same
thing about sexual behavior, that there was an incredible diversity. But the sad thing
is...so this speaks to your conspiracy idea. The sad thing is that people read Kinsey to
find out how many times it did.



How many times a day they should do it, or how many times a week, or a month, or whatever.
They are looking for...they are looking in Kinsey and in other sex surveys for a norm,
instead of taking themselves as the measure of all things.
Sure. The great witch queen of central California, Lola of Capitola, she once said to me, the
normal is that which nobody is.
Well, the problem...if everybody finds out that the normal is...well, it is the normal.


There is not really such a thing as normals. Then there is no us versus them, and all these
religions that we have been making our living off of will just disappear. They dry up and
blow away.
No, you see, the normals are like mortal thought in Christian science. Mortal thought is unreal,
and yet it makes people sick. They get better when they realize it is unreal. The concept
of the normal makes you sick because you feel guilty about not being normal. Any definition
of the normal excludes you right away.














Yeah.
Because nobody is normal. It is a mathematical abstraction. So the concept of the normal
is unreal, and yet it can make you sick. You have got to read Mary Baker Eddy on Mortal
Mind to fully understand this.
They are members of the Diffie culture.
It is not only normal, it is uniform, and it is like the one uniform god that everybody
wants to be like, so they all have to be the same.
It works both ways, though, because some people just live to hate normals.
Uh-huh.
I've seen the things you people wouldn't believe, and I enjoyed every minute of it.
Oh, it was lovely. So lovely. A little philosophy there from a panel discussion recorded, oh,
two or three weeks ago.
Yes. I will. But, oh, you didn't want to. No, I was just trying to make sure that you
at the Winter Star Festival, so to speak,
in Ohio, sponsored by ACE,
A-C-E of Cleveland,
the Association for Consciousness Exploration.
And the people talking there were myself
and Jeff Rosenbaum of ACE,
Anadeya Judith of the Church of All Worlds out in California,
and mostly talking there, Robert Anton Wilson,
old Pope Bob, and his pal Robert Shea,
the co-authors of the Illuminatus encyclopedias
that we use in our church,
panel discussion about what is the conspiracy.
We'll probably run little bits and pieces of that.
Just before that, there was some more of the secrecy
and secret recordings called Plan for Chaos.
Well, the reading there was by our friend Reverend Lou Minotti.
But I thought I would do a little...
Oh, I should also mention we've got a very different
and big revival coming up in Buffalo, New York,
on April 4th.
And Sister Mary Squared will be there,
and I will be there,
and John Bartles,
we've got a song by him coming up a little bit later,
will also be there.
But also, Magnus the Magician,
also known as Jeff McBride.
If you've ever seen this guy,
I'd never heard of him before,
but apparently worldwide,
he's a really famous magician.
His stuff's kind of weird for the U.S., though.
I saw a videotape of his act,
and it's unbelievable.
And two days prior to April 4th,
when we do this revival in Buffalo,
Mary Squared and I are opening for this guy,
which is kind of a daunting thing to consider,
because he's really, really good.
And as far as I know,

as far as I can tell,
completely, it is magic.
It's not illusion.
It is supernatural forces.
Assuming the videotape isn't cheated on,
and I don't think it is.
So, he's good.
He's real good,
and we're really bad.
He does this very disciplined thing,
and we're just the epitome of undisciplined.
So, I guess that's what it'll be about.
You know, it takes all kinds.
And that's what I wanted to talk about tonight.
I had a little sermon here.
Actually, it's a reading from Revelation X,
the Bob Apocryphon Gospels in Progress, dear friends,
regarding the slack of Bob.
And, you know, one problem met by scientifically-minded investigators
is that Dob's existence requires him to acknowledge,
and somehow explain,
the many anomalous and irritating phenomena
that invariably accompany his physical presence.
Dob's exists in the eye of an acausal hurricane,
a quantum storm generating enough slack force
to coerce the odds and variances,
the physical laws of our universe,
into giving him exactly what he wants and needs
from moment to moment.
Dob's never has to compromise his desires in any way.
Instead, the universe must rearrange itself
and sometimes perform remarkable feats of acausality
in order to accommodate a Dob's.
The fact that his soul is banned from both hell and heaven
is not the only reason that Bob remains
on Earth.
He cannot die.
He is protected by the very randomness of the universe,
for he himself is the most uncertain random principle.
A Bob is that nexus to which all the most unlikely probabilities
must converge, but always in a manner that benefits him.
There are very selective laws of probability for Dob.
If it takes a 40 million to one shot for him not to be hurt seriously
by, for instance, a truck barreling suddenly around the corner,
if it would require a drunken, rotten telephone pole
to suddenly fall down and block that truck
and maybe kill the driver, then that's exactly what will happen.
The least likely possibility is most often
what saves Bob from the many equally unlikely dangers
that constantly threaten him.
To see Dob's luck in action can be frightening.
The field constantly compensates for everything happening around him
on all levels from the molecular to the macrocosmic.
These chains of events can result in literally anything,
anything that is mathematically required to keep Bob's slack pure.
To maintain that even vibration of slack.
Lightning strikes, anvils fall out of airplanes,
dictatorships are overthrown, elevators crash,
miracle cures are discovered, old wounds flare up,
floods are averted, stock markets collapse,
pianos fall from windows, the blind suddenly see,
and the deaf hear, and false teeth get swallowed,
poor families win the lottery,
and enemies of Bob laugh to death,
or unexpectedly drop dead from heart attacks or aneurysms.
And yet Bob never actually intends any of it.
It's the luck plane protecting itself.
But sometimes the effect is subtle.
Other times it's more elaborate,
as when a fantastic Rube Goldberg type machine
spontaneously forms from the ordinary household or office,
and the office objects around Bob.
Sometimes it causes Bob to be injured,
but only if his being in the hospital would prevent an assassination attempt at that time, say,
or lend him the perfect sleeve job from the ultimate archetypal student nurse.
The way Bob interacts with our universe is indeed uncannily
like the way cartoon characters interact with bears.
When he is surprised,
his eyes have been reported to bug almost superhumanly,
and his hat to be caused by some telekinetic power
to pop into the air for a second,
or spin wildly on his head.
His pipe may spontaneously leap away from his mouth
and then magically reinsert itself.
It may sometimes even make a little kaboom sound
when he's angered and a tiny mushroom cloud appears in the bowl,
and fiery dottle pops out,
exploding like a bomb.
It's like miniature meteor showers.
How does Dobbs do it?
Bob isn't doing any of it.
The universe does it for him.
The universe must contend with Bob,
for Bob does not contend with the universe.
If Bob seems to be having trouble,
it is only that the universe is momentarily out of phase around him.
He is another universe,
his own self-contained universe
with its own laws and internal regulations and space-time.
The interface between his and ours may one minute be a chaotic and terrifying one,
and then suddenly become an orgiastic celebration of life,
and awareness.
It may even lapse into total non-causality,
a state in which nothing occurs around Bob at all,
a total and utter stasis,
such as when he is blind drunk and passed out,
and the only indication of time passing in all the cosmos is his snoring.
Ahhh!
It's happening everywhere you look!
Amidst some real-life tymophones is your need that you willfall into darkness.
You can't really move through the future if you are in some state of darkness,
and those are true realities,
but sooner or later will you fall into a state ofiki andvation .
I don't see any method that can 눌러fe into you,
you know that the head of every man is christ the head of the woman is the man the head of christ
is god and they so you got your woman you got your man you got your jesus you got your god
then you got your normal order here the correct order is for christ to be head of every man
this doesn't mean just to be a christian man no until a man is mastered by christ
he's not a man and until he's not normal now there are those today that are mastered by drink
there are those today mastered by passion those mastered by the flesh but we need to be mastered
by christ we need to be mastered by fate and which
bleeding
but yet which can yet be launched onto the stratosphere using a nine iron yes
in truth as uh pre-scripture states the nine iron can be used to launch that self same hand
but it must be in obiasis to they who have come and shall come again uh you understand the arisal
the time is not yet for their arisal to respond to the man that's the general principle exactly and
it's normal i think for a woman to be subject to the man and matter oh that is a woman who cannot
look up to a man and respect him she ought not to follow him and surely she ought not to marry him
that's the important thing but a real woman responds with every fiber of her being
very rowdy alsoắn
didn't say that in the santa claus
been so instrumental here at the church and organizing those spread leg suppers
my
section
you
look at this
significant
amazing
isn't this
a very
beautiful

For Bob, my friend, Bob is a sex god.
Bob, in fact, is sex.
An all-encompassing sex that is the very in-ness and surrounding-ness of the union of both the lingam and the uni.
And not just heterosex, all sex.
Bob does not choose to fornicate.
Bob has the tool of Wotan, has to fornicate.
And not just with women, not just with men, with animals, with plants, from the faithful oak tree in his backyard to the mighty whales of the brining deep of the very earth itself.
That was fun.
Doctor!
No, doctor, I beg you.
Does this hurt? Does this hurt?
No!
Doctor, doctor, please.
No, wait, can you wait?
It is a time of flagrant immorality.
Uncle Puzzling, will you tell me a bedtime story?
Oh, this is disgusting.
Can you tell me what the 60s were like?
The 60s?
Was it really like an Oliver Stone movie?
Probably, but Uncle Puzzling just doesn't even want to speak to you.
Eh, eh.
You, you, I think you shocked him into a...

memory.
The wrong kind of question.
He's in a reverie.
Here they are.
Here's what the 60s were like.
Oh, they were wonderful.
They were being, like, stuck inside a, a ball gum machine.
Cool.
Yes, the 60s were very gaudy, held sway along with...
Oh, it's the 60s, man.
The 60s are back!
Yeah!
Ron, Ron, I wish you didn't ask for the 60s.
Look what's happening.

Coming up...
Rerun, uh, uh, Latin.
Hey, remember body painting?
You keep awful records in your basement real loud.
Cheap high-five.
Yeah, yeah, and painting it black and, and putting those black light posters up like,
like, look at this one.
When the light hits it, you can practically see it.
They're twitching there.
Wow, man, watch this.
Vaughn Meter, dead ahead.
I'm gonna play the latest hit by the electric, uh, melt of the frog brain, uh, strawberry, uh, alarm, uh, vesicle.
Boy, that brought those colors out, man.
Everybody on the floor, let's dance.
It's the 60s.
It's the electric baboons, man.
Boy, when the pigs callin' the 60s through my door,
they really swung.
I'll show you how to handle a market pig, man.
When the pigs...
...bust through my door, then the people are gonna have to bring the...
Shut up, pigs.
...pig hole and peep on those pigs out through the poop hole.
...pig hole and peep on those pigs out through the poop hole.
Oh, wait, this is the sensitive part of the 60s, you know, when you were coming down off the acid, you thought,
I love everybody.
You see, you have to have a sensitivity treatment when you wanna...
Wow, it was cool then.
Yes, all of the rock stars are now, as you say, sensitive.
Like me.
Yeah, sensitive.
Yeah, like us.
Honk, honk.
Yeah, you're about as sensitive as a power shovel.
Wow.
When you see an archive, it's...
Here comes the hurdy-gurdy.
Ow!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Here comes the hurdy-gurdy.
Hurdy-gurdy.
Rikki-tikki-tobby.
Rikki-tikki-dos.
Rikki-tikki-gurdy.
Soul Superman.
Rikki-tikki-gurdy-gurdy-gurdy-gurdy.
Singing songs of the world.
I don't think you should have brought up the 60s, it was kind of a confusing period for us all.
No, 60s, no.
Bringing him up now.
Murder.
Murder.
Murder.
Murder.
Murder.
Murder.
Murder.





The 60s.
Here, just right in this green tambourine.
How was that?
Was that a nice story of the 60s?
Well, there you have it.
The 60s.
I shall be dead.
The 60s are genius.
For I am not now, nor have I ever been.
I'm Amber of the human race.
Mr. Kennedy, your head.
Shh.
Go ahead now.
The Buddha smiles.
A Buddha.
A Buddha.
A Buddha.
The void is not nothingness.
It's not?
The void is beginning and end itself.
That's nothing.
Unobstructed, shining, thrilling, blissful.
Whoa!
Diamond consciousness.
Now that's short.
The all-good Buddha.
A Buddha.
A Buddha.
A Buddha.
That's a lie.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
There's no such thing as no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Dusky train yards.
Do you ever have a problem with barnacles growing on the roof of your mouth?
We lost Dr. Winky.
Oh, hell yeah, man.
I had this problem for like six and a half weeks.
I went to seven different specialists.
I finally went to a Spanish fly, and he told me the air got, was actually emanating from my midbrain.
That it was kind of like coming down like the Y tumors that grow.
Growing in the middle ages when it used to, they'd have the outbreaks.
And sooner or later, I mean, I would start hallucinating, and I never, I just had this painful barnacle in my mouth.
Is that what you're hallucinating about tonight?
What am I hallucinating about tonight?
Let's see.
Lupini beans and white wine and a magnificent cow named, oh, what should we name the magnificent cow?
Er or ball?
Or somebody give it some biblical.
Biblical.
I'm a pagan at heart.
Did you know Taz was in a retardo bastard version of the pagans?
I'm not allowed to mention that on the air.
Or else the gas people come by and create an excreted, an inflated, I'm sorry, exacerbation.
I'm sorry.
Oh, some sort of, oh geez.
Taz just pulled his boner.
He called.
He actually called up.
Jehovah's Witnesses.
And I guess they were witnessing some kind of porno climacto.
And I guess we're in a big heap of slimy right now.
You, me, and everybody we know.
And we don't know very many people, do we?
I'm sure none of you, I'm sorry, seem to be drowning, but I'm actually rebounding.
I'm coming back strong as, as strong as I, you know, you could imagine under the circumstances.
But I forgot what I was talking about.
About three and a half weeks ago.
I think.
Mm-hmm.
Is when the Toyota broke down again.
Is that where I started up?
I don't know.
You like to come full cycle.
And I thought something with a cycle.
There he is.
I can make a six, six, twelve cycle motor horse.
We got Dr. Winkie back in the office.
Now sing.
For me at the shoulders, the sinews of complex nomenclature.
The dow of the echo in a thought is conscious will fear.
Send orders.
Is true false?
I'm not going to sing.
I'm not going to sing.
I'm not going to sing.






His Jesus.

He heard.
troubles with this.
Oh my God.
That's true.
Hmm.
All right.
But if we can't use a punctuation, you've said something wrong that you guys don't want






No.
It's right.



The guy who goes, well, look what you got this.
So this thing went, you know, Ariel.

It's a little bit, I just learned that there was no sides for what you did.
But he had the yips just like a Jew.
Problem was that he was Irish and Catholic too.
He was the last of the great blasphemers.
And his head shook so bad he couldn't drink no more.
He threatened to go outside and sleep in someone else's car.
Who could want more?
Then he'd stumble around and do a little dance
That would end abruptly when he'd pee in his pants.
And then he'd go home and think about it.



He was excommunicated upon his own request.
As a blasphemer, he was the neighborhood best.
He was shaking at the priest.
And he'd scream, bloody murder.
He'd get way out there.
And he'd continue to go out there further and further.
He'd slander the church.
He'd slander the parishioners.
He'd make obscene gestures up in front of the police commissioner.
He'd explain all his actions and make perfect sense.
Then they'd hit and let him go on his own or in cognizance.
Then he'd go back to the bar and fell down three or four.
And he'd get back up on his soapbox and blaspheme some more.
And this would go on and on every night of the week.
Until his liver finally began to get...
Kind of weak.
And he began to buy LSD from the kids on the street.
He was our last of the great blasphemers.
With a big tall milk glass full of whiskey.
And a splash of water.
And one cube clinking.
While the...


Spearside buzzed and crackled.
And the light went on blinking and blinking and blinking.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
John Bartles.
The amazing John Bartles of Springwater, New York.
Wherever that is.
Actually, he helped me performing with that...
Blasphemer.
Not too...
Far off.
Well, you've been listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
One of the many Church of the Subgenius products.
But the only one that I can tell you about.
Unless you want to write for free information from...
Bob himself.
Just write to Bob at Post Office Box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
Uh, yes.
Praise Bob and Hail.
Hail, Connie.
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
