Well, right now, this minute, I'm going to do something that may overthrow the entire radio business.
I'm going to read you a commercial, but I'm not going to say a word about laboratory tests or quote you statistics or make medical claims.
All I'm going to say simply and honestly is this.
Ladies and gentlemen, try, just try, the finest money can buy.
Every advanced technique and control is concentrated on the subgenius.
I don't even know what that means.
Mannies and tailies?
Sure.
Tell me this.
How did you, when you were here in Dallas, what made you want to start this church?
Well, my buddy Philo Drummond and I used to collect what you might call kook pamphlets or any kind of extremist material, including pornography and comic books.
But we were looking at either a Jehovah's Witness watchtower or maybe it was a John Birch Society thing.
We were thinking, you know, we could print up.
Now that these modern day.
Newfangled instant print shops are around and the newly invented photocopier machine.
We could print our own little cult pamphlet.
And then we discovered that J.R. Bob Dobbs had beat us to it.
He was the guy that you see in all these old ads and magazines in a hammock.
He's a square looking dude with a pipe.
He's always grinning.
He looks like Ward Cleaver.
He's always mowing the lawn or watching his wife mow the lawn.
Is that the guy on your website?
Pardon me?
Is it like do you see clips of him on your website?
Yes.
Untold thousands.
Yes.
OK.
I love that face.
That's a that's a face that'll knock your socks off.
Yeah.
I love that face because it has it has earned me a living.
Good.
Just owning that little piece of clip art has has worked wonders for me.
That's a great piece of clip art.
And I noticed that in some of the clips that the.
Members of the church or are pipe smoking as well.
Well, you know, everybody wants to be kind of like Bob.
Well, of course, some of them are just flat out potheads.
That's all there is to it.
Bob, people are always going to bullshit.
What's Bob smoking in his pipe?
And I'm afraid it's nothing but cheap cherry blend, pork and riff most of the time.
Because Bob doesn't need drugs.
Bob is drugs.
Right.
You throw yourself into Bob's pipe.
You let him smoke.
Yeah.
You.
Yeah.
He uses you as a crutch.
You don't use him as a crutch.
See.
Yeah.
And if you we make a guarantee in our religion that no other religion makes eternal salvation
or triple your money back.
Wow.
Wow.
The Baptists don't even do that.
No, they don't do that.
It's hard to prove that you didn't get eternal salvation because it takes a long time to
prove.
He is.
But we're ready to, you know, it's 30 bucks to join.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs is standing at the gates of hell ready to give you a $90 refund.
When you get there.
Yeah.
And he has a little book called Hell on $5 a Day, which I think is $85.
Wait.
How do we know you're for real?
You don't.
That's all we've got for you today.
But we are having a great sale on Scale Conditioner.
Two for one.
Really?
Oh, I love two for one.
B seria yeah .
Okay, well, what's the deal?

What's up, son?

Well, this was all planned for one night, huh?
It is.
I like the
way it done.





Yes, if you overthrow Eris, you will be normal and pink.
How about that for a synchronistical sub-Discordian clip, huh?
That is from an inadvertently hilarious and psychedelic children's cartoon
called Barbie in the Mermaid's Tail.
The villain's kind of a hot-looking Darth Eris.
Well, friends, we have lots of new music and talk,
including a bowel-centric puzzling evidence show,
and yours truly guesting on a show hosted by Jack E. Jett
on Rational Radio in Dallas,
and even some old music on this Hour of Slack number 1,253.
Let us start, then, with this on-topic song
by Reverend Max Slack of maxslack.net
from his forthcoming collection,
I Do Not.
Compute.
Give me slack.
Slack.
Give me slack.
Slack.
Make the pain just go away.
Go away.
Every time that your head aches.
No more tension, no more stress.
A life of ease, more or less.
As a matter of fact.
As a matter of fact.
Give me slack.
Give me slack.
Give me slack.
Give me slack.
Give me slack.
Hettero.

Er-h-h-h.
Slack.
Give me slack.


Or give me slack.
As a matter of fact.
Give me slack.
Uh-uh-uh.

Give me slack.
Just a matter of fact.
No more stress
A life of bees, more or less
As a matter of fact
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Make the pain just go away
Every time that your head aches
No more tension, no more stress
A life of bees, more or less
As a matter of fact
Give me slack
As a matter of fact
Give me slack
A life of bees, more or less
As a matter of fact
Give me slack
As a matter of fact
As a matter of fact
Give me slack
The life of these molas
More or less.
MaxSlack.net for more rather than less.
Now let us tune into puzzling evidence from KPFA, Berkeley,
and see what they've been able to determine about the bolus
as they peer deep into the intestines looking for the parasite.
The bolus. Don't forget the bolus.
Lord, look at this, sir.
And this parasite, this horrible-looking giant worm with sharp teeth
that burrows into your intestines and gooses you from the inside.
A person that sees this for the first time will be shocked.
They will be dismayed.
They will be completely bamboozled.
Yes, parasites are more common than you might think.
In fact, here's a shocker.
The majority of us are already infected with these parasites.
You'll be shanghaied into the future.
Of course, you might think, gee, I don't have parasites.
But they're far more common than you might think.
Every human thing has at least one parasite that lives inside or on it.
But then that would be redundant.
Many, including humans, have far more.
For example, everybody that we know and you too
You have a friend here on the show.
You have a special type of job.
A jointed arthropod that lives in your eyebrows exclusively
and never strays from vents.
And then you'll have that bolus that Dr. Hal is talking about right now.
Unless your colon and digestive tract are cleaned out by regular bowel movements,
three a day, rotting food, viruses, sticky people matter,
all builds up on the walls of your colon,
feeding these hideous, lurking parasites.
Pigment.
Turd vaporizer.
Yes, the pigment turd vaporizer.
We don't want to blow up your intestines with some stupid explosive.
That's no way to treat it.
The Mayo Clinic believes that excessive gas may be a sign of another digestive disorder
such as gastritis, acid reflux, or worst of all, an irritated bowel.
Do you remember Cat on a Hot Tin Roof by Tennessee Williams?
Yes, I do.
Big Daddy was reputed to have a spastic colon.
Yeah.
And he said, and it's spastic because all of you guys are making fun of me, not so much.
But, of course, actually it was something far worse than a spastic colon.
It was the bowel disorder that takes you away from this world
and across the sticks into the bowel.
Okay, I'm cleaning your mind, caller.
I'll be right with you.
Pay no gas bubble.
Please take the number.
It's clean.
Your gas problem will be taken care of and cleaned.
Oh.
Oh.
Fecal incontinence is the...
See?
...ability to control your bowel systems.
Yeah, phylo is a working...
Now, if you remember the other one.
Oh.
No, no, no.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, judgment.
It's 0 and 1.
Now I've fled to brutish beasts.
Occasional constipation.
And lost my reason.
I'll just keep breaking the feeling of being bloated.
Until we get it right.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Well, that's...
Oh, yeah.
Up to snuff, eh?
Don't let the name come down.
A hundred million Americans have serious bowel problems.
The roof's got a hole in it and I might drown.
Oh, no.
I thought all the lasho took all of it.
Ah-ha.
Lasho was down here.
Let the rain come down.
No, no, come on.
Wake up.
Oh, no.
You've got to be awake.
I thought it was the lasho, but...
Yeah, come on.
Be awake.
It's the next to the lasho.
All right.
Everybody, gentlemen, please, please.
Calm yourselves.
What happens if they just play nothing but old movies?
It's 4.30 in the morning.
A gas bubble is created.
Yes, it happens, you know.
Gas bubbles are...
Gas causes pain and discomfort.
It does indeed cause pain.
It causes waves of pain.
Gas is the smell.
Not a single thing but a pulsating...
A loud, noisome...
At times seems so intense it hardly seems endurable, but then it subsides.
Although it will soon climb again from the trough and subsidence into the towering edifice
of pain that it creates and represents.
The pain.
Dr. Howell and Philo Drummond explore the bowels on the Puzzling Evidence Show.
More of that and on.
Right now, we'll take a mental break.
More specifically, an instrumental music break.
With Reverend Joe Newman and the Rudy Schwartz Project, a new version of his Invasion of
the Chrome Fish People.
Music.

Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.
Music.

Music.
Music.
Music.









Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hey, Mo.
Face this kiddie.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I've been around.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Well, you're surrounded by those just if you have a job.
Right.
What we like about Branson was things like Dollywood.
Uh-huh.
Actually, I'm not sure that Dollywood is in Branson.
Or maybe it's in a couple of different places.
But just, you know, it's really a gigantic amusement park for what we call the pinks.
The normals, the mediocritans, the Barbies and Kens.
The conspiracy of normal people.
Right, right, right.
Which is what the Church of the Subgenius was founded to sort of avoid, exploit, make fun of.
It certainly helped to save me from having to work a straight job.
I haven't had a normal job in 15 years.
Well, let me ask you this.
The Church of the Subgenius was founded by a man named J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Praise Bob.
And praise Bob.
The living avatar of Slack.
Okay.
No relation to Reverend Bob.
I'm Reverend Bob of Dallas.
Yeah, we know Reverend Bob of Dallas.
Yeah, we know.
Well, to deliberately confuse the issue, when we did a Subgenius commercial for MTV,
we hired Reverend Bob to play the generic Subgenius in it.
Just in order to further muddy the waters and confuse.
Because, you know, we used to be headquartered in Dallas.
Our goal was originally to unbuckle the Bible belt.
Oh.
So that its pants would fall.
Fall to its ankles and it would be forced to gaze unflinching upon its own private desires.
That's something that I'm still here trying to do.
Well, praise Jack.
I had to leave for a more sophisticated city, Cleveland.
They have burning rivers.
We might yet end up back in Texas.
Right.
Right.
As I was telling Jack earlier, the only thing I really miss about Dallas is Fort Worth.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.


Right.
Right.




Me so stupid
What is my IQ?
What is my intelligent quotient?
I could have been the Golden Gate Bridge
Or Einstein's nemesis
I could have been the Dirty Jacket
But it's all come down to this
Me so stupid
Me so stupid
Me so stupid
What is my IQ?
What is my intelligent quotient?
What is my intelligent quotient?
What is my intelligent quotient?
What is my intelligent quotient?
What is my intelligent quotient?
What is my intelligent quotient?
Me decorationism


Me cosas creativas
The yelling will cease and the killing will commence.
I'm walking a white line all the time.
I don't bother nobody.
Nobody bothers me.
You better start doing the same.
Well, I don't know.
Sometimes I wish God would give me a Holy Ghost machine and I'd pull your hair off.
My engine's revving to go.
It's revving up.
How about yours?
And if it's not, you know what?
If your engine is not revving up, you know what you need?
You need a Holy Ghost enema right up your spirit.
Wow.
I just have one of the biggest poops of my whole life.
Sorry about this.
I know it's a bit silly.
I know it's a bit silly.
We discussed the niceties of proper sanitation during the Stone Age.
Now we must band together.
Facing the terrors of nature.
Prehistoric humans didn't worry too much about bowel dysfunction.
They were too busy being chased.
Oh, sure.
Chased by bowel mammoths.
Hello.
Hello.

Hello.
They were too busy being chased by bellowing mammoths to stop and observe proper sanitation.
You know, those mammoths could chase you all day.
There would be little opportunity to visit the local latrine.
Is your life dull?
Who do you blame?
It's interesting to think that the life of a prehistoric man could be both dull and full of danger and violence.
It's so illegal.
And that is so unfortunate.
But I'm sure there were many who were esthetes even at that time.
Did you know there's people out there to get you, Dr. Howe?
I know that.
And sometimes they do because my layers of protection are not impassable.
Have you been able to make strangeness work for you in your life, Dr. Howe?
What?
Have you been able to make strangeness work for you?
I have in the past.
And sometimes I still...
You can, but one never knows when one has the moxie in one does one.
Sometimes I can go against the effect of gravity and form minor neurotoxins.
You never know when you're going to have that.
It has two sides.
One has vocals and one don't.
That's bizarre.
You have to go with the vocal one here.
It seems to be connected to spiritual practice, but that could simply be an illusion.
We know that he came here after the days of the dinosaurs.
That's just...
We know that he's related to...
To melephants of today.
And we know that Will saw man before he went away.
Willie, Willie wore two coats of hair to keep him warm and toasty.
Though he did not mind the sun, he liked cold weather mostly.
Willie, Willie, Willie, Willie, Willie, Willie Mammoth has gone away.
Wow, the mighty mammoth.
There goes the mammoth.

There goes that one.
And it's about time.
I couldn't have done it without you, I said to myself.
Without that magnificent mammoth trumpeting over the Pleistocene snowbank.
I wonder what they tasted like.
They...
Tasted the same as it did last time.
They tasted like...
Only more so.
They taste similar to what the Indian elephant would have been if you prepared it as a little...
Go ahead and I'll blow the brains out of all my...
Myself.
I used to believe that pygmies in Africa ate elephant meat which had been rotted.
And after a long rotting, they finally would consume the elephant meat which would intoxicate them.
And they would fall into a comatose state from gorging on this putrid rotten elephant meat.
Now this could be some just goofball story that has no basis in fact.
But it is true that the elephants in the pygmies at least at one time occupied the same country.
And the pygmies even did hunt them.
So maybe that's the only element of truth in that strange story which seems to come out of the annals of Tarzan of the Apes.
Lord Greystoke and all that sort of thing.
Born to be tree grandpa when the



Thank you.
Ahoy!
Ahoy, mate! Ahoy, ahoy!
I see that you're a sailor boy.
I owned a boat, a beauty, too.
Fifty times as big as your, uh,
as big as your, uh,
as big as your shoe.
My, my.
My, my.
Lost her, though, in a furious gale.
But I came home on the back of a whale.
But tell me how you caught the whale.
Simply grabbed a hold of his tail.
My, my.
My, my.
My, my.
I climbed a mountain six feet high.
I put my head against the sky.
And there I was.
Where was I?
On the island of Alibi.
My, my.
My, my.
My, my.
But now my life is very dull.
They ought to make me a mad girl.
Now that's the job that I enjoy.
I must be going.
Ahoy, ahoy.
My, my, my.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm demanding the government step down.
The head of the Anglican Communion
is attacking the ecumenical sex in Ireland.
Interviewed by the BBC,
the Archbishop of Canterbury
describes having sex
by the name of the Archbishop of Canterbury.
Suddenly coming.
It is a problem for everybody in Ireland.
There is word of more deadly
spirit of humanity.
PR is bad.
PR is bad.
President Obama is urging people
this Easter weekend to embrace PR News.
All of us stretch back through the ages.
More now from PR's failing institutions.
The President notes
Jewish families are celebrating
the resurrection of PR News.
The Obama administration
should be labeled a currency manipulator
as some lawmakers have asked
for refusing to halt its PR.
I'm basically
a shy retiring type
So shy in fact that I
make movies every night
And even if I do that,


Don't take that shot.
Am I in shock?
The press are mean.
I'm in magazines.
I'm all messed up.
It's in my book.
It's my doctor's note.
My fans will want to know.
Those laws on privacy.
Those laws apply to me.
Just let me be.
In my big SUV.
Please stop drawing attention to yourself.
It's almost like you like drawing attention to yourself.
Please stop drawing attention to yourself.
It's almost like you like drawing attention to yourself.
We've all got something to hide and there the problems arise.
If you're a star you must try to keep what's hidden inside.
But you're a fucking celeb so you have no common sense.
You have to publicly sue and the world knows the truth.
And if they did it before it's on the news before dawn.
It's going round and around in playgrounds, offices, town.
So keep to keep it immersed.
You've made it many times worse.
And there's the whole irony.
Put that on your Twitter feed.
Shining star.
That's opticored attention.
Thatㅠㅠ
Quicken


Just by doing it you Dar BY
Please
Stop
Drawing Attention
To
Yourself
It's almost like
That's a good joke.
You've got much more to say.
New life
Drawing attention to yourself.
Just keep your eyes on it.
There's nothing you can't say.
You can't blind the public eye
You can't get them worked up, then just hide
Maybe you still need to be employed
Maybe this is the job to avoid
Is there a moral world? Yes, just keep yourself to yourself
These things flow over in time, just keep your head down, it's fine
But self-proclaims and superstars can't get their heads down that far
They always need the spotlight, and hence the downfall tonight
Please stop drawing attention to yourself
It's almost like you like drawing attention to yourself
Please stop drawing attention to yourself
It's almost like you like drawing attention to yourself
You like, you like drawing attention to yourself
You like drawing attention to yourself
Told you it was gonna be a lot of music.
Can't buy kids today, can you?
I think I we adopting a famous psycho
But you knew it was an old trick
Can't you find it on your phone?
Can you become popular today, walking outside your hotel room?


I need more London.
from the album In Sound from Way Out.
Thanks to Mr. Sister for the Perry Kingsley
and Reverend Byron Warner for the term Space Age Bachelor Pad music.
And now, oh, and by the way, this background music is also by Perry Kingsley,
which has a dash in between Perry and Kingsley.
Very funny.
And now some subgenius music by the good Reverend Slack T.
That is, music, the music is controlled by him, but he is controlled.
Controlled by him.
Controlled by him.
Controlled by him.
Uncontrolled by him.
Controlled by him.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
the first gay subgenius minister.
Oh, sorry, you're going to have to get behind
about a thousand other...
Are there really?
Oh, yeah, tons of them.
Of gay ministers already?
Yeah, yeah.
You had asked me whether we'd done any gay marriages,
and I had only done, I guess,
what you would call lesbian transsexual marriages.
Yeah, that's unique to me.
I just, by coincidence,
I haven't performed any normal gay weddings,
only really weird,
or what you might call especially queer gay weddings.
Right.
But none of your traditional, you know,
kind of square gay weddings.
Well, then what's going to be special about me
when I become ordained?
How do I make myself special?
Well, you've met the...
You've met the dueling bankheads,
Charo and Sean Young.
Right there, that's enough to...
You know, that...
You could probably...
I would give you a price break,
but it's against our religion.
I don't need the price break.
I just need to know that, you know,
that I can lay some level of self-importance upon myself.
That's what I need for my ego.
He had a good game going.
He had a good game going.
He had a good mother to help.
He had a good father to help him in his game.
I was kind of over on the sidelines
trying to look over the track.
Put that math out on your head.
Finish that thought.
I told him,
dude, you're doing this to yourself, man.
In other words, I'm in the cell, right?
He let me out, and I walk around.
The guy says, if you don't do this,
we're going to lock you back up.
I said, well, okay, I don't care anyway.
I already gave up that thought.
Prison's in your mind, man.
You can sit in the cell.
The guy says, are you in prison?
I said, no, I'm just here.
He says, what are you doing?
I said, well, I'm just sitting here
waiting for these people
to get done doing what they're doing
so I can get out.
I said, my old lady.
She says, let's steal a car.
Go to California.
I said, man, I ain't going to steal a car.
Go to California and get put back in jail.
She said, we won't get caught.
We won't get caught.
Charlie, we won't get caught.
And she was right.
We didn't get caught.
Just I got caught.
From PR News in Washington, I'm still missing.
Japan rattled Japan's main island.
Take cover.
Early warning systems detected PR News minutes before it struck.
For PR News, I'm bent in London.
M-m-m.
Officials say this is PR.
In the U.S. and the Northeast, it's New England.
Three people linked to the U.S. Consulate General in Mexico
were killed yesterday during a snowmobile competition near Ciudad Juarez.
In a statement, the White House says U.S. citizens employed by the U.S. Consulate General

U.S. citizens employed by the U.S. Consulate General are not in the U.S. Consulate General.
U.S. citizens employed by the U.S. Consulate General are not in the U.S. Consulate General.
Husband of a Mexican citizen employee.
U.S. citizens Mexico.
U.S. citizen husband.
Government U.S. Mexican justice.
Mexican violence.
Mexican PR News, Washington.
Utility crews are still working to restore PR News, Washington.
The Lone Turd.
A fiery I.O.sler.
I.O.sler.
The Lone Turd.
He was known as the Lone Turd.
For his coming.
An organization was developed to combat the evil of American pioneers.
An organization called the Texas Lone Turds.
The most ruthless outlaw band in the West.
Sure, why not?
Good.
A lone figure gurgling in a shady cave.
You... you're Tonto.
That's right. Me, Tonto.
You are a Lone Turd.
Yes, Tonto.
I am a Lone Turd.
Nothing could save you.
This is a treacherous place.
The Larry Brown Act is not a damn thing to make a name for.
I live here in Stacy or a land I decline to call Кол taco.
You're not busy out there.
It isn't about how you live.
I am the only one you love, Leo.
The thing is, Tonto is dead from

All the crazy growth that you caused...
No matter how many times you die, I'll のoo kill you as soon as you can.
Tonto...
prot ihnen вeded goes...
to see.
Formerly Christian was the bulgarian Waitress...
things were starting to change.

What? right.
done. What that? Dig another grave out there. That hard? That'll be my grave. Me glad, Kimo Sabe.
That's good. That's right, Kimo Sabe. That good. Will the loner triumph as he fights law and order?
Be sure to be with us again next week at the same time. Another loner.
Here we go, man.
Okay, man, hold it. Hold it.
The key to slack is lemur.
Milk. Milk.
You like some cold milk? Anybody?
Telling you that milk comes in trucks is like telling you that milk comes from cows.
Everybody needs milk.
You do it all the time.
You would think we were doing a milk thing.
Telling you that milk comes in trucks is like
telling you that milk comes from cows.
Everybody needs milk.
You do it all the time.
You know what that makes you?
You're gonna need ice cold milk.
What you may not realize, all of America's milk supply moves to you by truck.
Anybody?
By truck, by truck, by truck.
Everybody needs milk.
Nearly everything else that you eat, drink, use or wear.
Everybody needs milk.
You're gonna need ice cold milk.
You're gonna need ice cold milk.
Everybody needs milk.
By truck.
That sounds like an ad for milk, huh?
By truck, by truck, by truck, by truck, by truck, by truck, by truck.
You know what that thing is?
The next time that you see a cow, remember it is waiting for a truck.
Why did you paint that image of me?
And now you have that brain worm.
A maddeningly catchy song by Reverend Mark Hosler of
Negative Land, although that song by truck is from his semi-solo album, Thugmo Tactic.
And now from Winterstar, a song about Gandhi by Tommy Amoeba and Fat Man D.
Well, I don't know about you, but that last video got me very excited.
I get that a lot.
It got me really, really excited.
I mean, it got me so excited, I'm gonna sing a little bluegrass song about Gandhi that
my husband, Tommy Amoeba, wrote.
And it goes a little something like this.
If you know the words, sing along.
Gandhi lives and Gandhi breathes, but only if you so believe.
You act as if you were a saint.
Well, Gandhi is an angel saint.
Gandhi is just like a king.
And everybody does their thing.
So how can you just hang around while our Harvey G年前-
Gandhi, shake.
You do the shake, shake, shake, shake, Gandhi, shake.
Shake, shake, Gandhi, shake.
You do the shake, shake, shake, shake, Gandhi, shake.
Shake, shake, Gandhi, shake.
No' shake theitty the shake shake shake windy shake shake your under your fingers shake shake shak shaking shak shake shake shake toonklodi toonklodi toonklodi so shake anyally
So shake toonklodi toonklodi toonklodi so shake doonklodi toonklodi toonklodi toonklodi toonkl自己
нем 너무
Put your upon my southeast
Eat the call, dance in the dust of desert sand.
The day of karma is at hand.
Gandhi lives alive and well.
He's living in a big hotel.
No doubt a soul, alive or dead,
it might come back as Mr. Head Shake.
Gandhi Shake, you do the Shake, Shake, Shake, Shake.
Gandhi Shake, Shake, Shake, Gandhi Shake.
You do the Shake, Shake, Shake, Shake.
Gandhi Shake, Shake, Shake, highlighter Shake.
You do the Shake, Shake, Shake, Shake.
Gandhi Shake, Shake, Shake,шего,Save, Shake, Shake
Shake, Shake, Shake here we come on.
Shark ShEOp Think in the LaNdT Amen MemEmEmenEmenEmenEmenEmen Ro resident
Princes and котLEs
Dickey, dickey, dickey, dickey, dickey, dickey, dickey, dickey, dickey, dickey, dickey, dickey,
Dickey leaves!
Ladies and gentlemen, as you may or may not have guessed, this is one of my now two husbands,
the one I've been with for about ten years now.
I'd like to introduce you to the one and hopefully not to be only, Tommy Amoeba!
He wrote this song, and many others.
He has his own act called Amoeba Knievel.
Fortunately, they were able to let him off to join me here for our first Winter Star.
So if you like this song, it's all his fault.
Shake, shake, body shake, you do the shake, shake, shake, shake, body shake.
Shake, shake, body shake, you do the shake, shake, shake, shake, body shake.

Shake, shake, body shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake.
Dibby Liberal party, Dibby Blondie, Dibby Blondie.
Shake, shake, Dibby Blondie, Dibby Blondie, Dibby Blondie.
Shake, shake, Dibby Blondie, Dibby Blondie, Dibby Blondie.
Shake, shake, Dibby Blondie, Dibby Blondie.
Dickey, dickey, dickey, dickey, decikey, body.
Fat Mandy and Tommy Amoeba live at Winterstar 2010.
The Gandhi Shake, another maddeningly catchy tune there.
Fatmandy.com, by the way, is spelled P-H-A-T-M-A-N-D-E-E.
Incidentally, they will be performing at X Day this July 4th,
along with the Amino Acids, the Duke of Uke, Psycho Charger, Fat Free,
and many more, including Dr. Dark's drive-in.
And now, something that won't be on the broadcast version of this show,
but only on the internet and subscription versions,
Joe Newman's brand new song at the Illinois Pole Barn Cluster Fuck.
Lord, the catch was all jumping at the Illinois Pole Barn Cluster Fuck.
Big, tall Sammy and freckle-faced Dan brought sandwiches,
and the pole-winkle ladies' choir sang dirges and mule shanties.
Made the menfolk proud.
The full complement of penetrators and oil-based lubricants was laid out on a crimped-up gunny sack,
and we all wondered who'd be the first to expose their crotch once the young,
old-timey Americans cleared away the punchbowl.
Old Uncle Willie started things off with them rollin' pink testicles we'd all seen before.
They popped out one at a time and startled Mrs. Pickering,
and he draped them over a shovel to keep the hens away.
Shorty Crenshaw straddled a plow and pulled out a carton of goat cheese.
The ladies all gathered round and spread it a couple inches thick on Shorty's backside,
settin' the table, if you please.
Hogs was brung over to sample Shorty's wares,
and Granny Trout slid her colostomy under some hay,
so as not to put anyone off their supper.
Merle and Mavis Thicket brought their stag reels and Porter Wagner records,
and Mavis proceeded to show Merle the cold, hard facts of life.
Folks say they'd never seen so many peculiar objects go up Merle's anus in one session,
and the cows could hear the screams clear over by the highway.
Discipline was strictly enforced as the ladies gathered the menfolk in a circle,
led by their cock rings and a sour leather horse strap.
Nobody dared talk back at the Illinois pole barn clusterfuck.
Whistle
Whistle
Humming
Humming
Greece



Greece

Greece
Greece
Greece
Greece


Greece




But I waited till December
Me so stupid
Me so stupid
Me so stupid
What is my IQ?
What is my intelligent quotient?
Mmm, that's so wrong
If you wanna surprise Bob do it correctly
And then a little bit of fussing and bintossing.
Can we help?
Don't worry, though.
Steer it out.
Don't be scared.
Where is it going to be?
Is it in New York?
Hello?
It's always in New York.
New York, New York.
Oh, were you talking to us?
Sorry, I was asleep.
What happened?
Huh?
Did I shoot Bob yet?
Yeah.
I thought Taxi Bob was retired.
That's coming up.
The anniversary.
Taxi Bob is retired.
January 24th.
No longer Taxi Bob.
I know we're all going after a day of seclusion and going to mourning.
Yeah, and wear hair shirts and self-flagellate and all that stuff.
Oh, and mask.
Mask.
Do we get a mask?
Like hair shirt mask.
Or hair taxi Bob mask.
We're all going after the oof lodge in Point Arena.
And we end up at the International House of Pants.
When's this?
Oh, yeah.
On the anniversary of shooting at Bob.
Oh, yeah.
January 21st, 22nd.
Anniversary.
This year, I think I'm going to be in next day.
You do.
No, it's coming up.
It's January 24th.
From PR News in Washington, I'm going to prison after being convicted of corruption.
That is according to the sheriff in the town of Centennial Bank of Utah.
He spoke on the 40th anniversary of the nuclear non-treaty.
President Obama says you're listening to PR News.
President Obama also said he will seek PR News.
Police in Najaf, Iraq say Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki is warning Iraqis to stay home and not turn out to vote.
Icelanders are voting on a referendum today on how to pay a group of religious pilgrims killed
as they were lined up to board their nuclear warheads outside a shrine.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation says there will be PR News in Washington.
Now, Reverend, are you married?
Yes.
I am happily married to...
I married a character from outer space, yes.
Oh.
I'm married to Princess We Are Doe, queen of all the UFOs.
She's not...
Unfortunately, it's unidentified flying object, so we don't know who her subjects are.
Right.
But she is a goddess?
Yeah.
Oh, do you have any...
She's a bit of a slob, too, but...
Ha!

You know, if you're a princess, that goes with the territory.
Do you have any little godettes?
I...
With a different wife, I created two homunculi who are both grown up and live in Los Angeles now.
My son is a Hollywood director who does commercials.
He's not...
You wouldn't know his name.
And my daughter has delivered a little grand yeti.
Hmm.
She married...
We try to encourage subgeniuses to marry within their species, which means other descendants of the yeti.
It doesn't have to be the opposite sex.
All right.
It can be any sex you want.
It doesn't even have to be part human, but it doesn't have to be part yeti.
We've got to wrap things up here.
I'm sorry.
So we've got to...
Let's give your website address real quick.
Subgenius.com.
Thank you.
Subgenius is not spelled with an O, but dot com is.
Yes.
The future of broadcasting is now.
The future is here.
I think we have both learned a valuable lesson today.
Okay, maybe not.
Well, the one thing we have learned this week is there are no easy answers.
If a tree falls in the forest and there's nobody there to hear it, does it make a sound?
Who cares?
Oh, son of a...
Son of a...
Son of a...
Gun.
You thought I was going to say son of a bitch, didn't you?
