But let's leave things of this world behind and walk now down the path of Bob for this brief minute of slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
Release your hold on this tenuous practical joke they call reality.
Let your body be sucked out of your ears, for we're going to take you deep, deep inside yourself to the place of silence in the noise.
We're going deeper, deeper into your consciousness, down past the membranes of the fabric of your very mind.
We bore down into the cranium, drilling through the irrelevant memories of job and normality,
piercing the squamous epizootis rolling around in the hollowed-out inside of the skull,
scraping along the edges of the birth canal and stretching the imagination gland until it pops.
Now, let all your...
Let all your thoughts drain out through the brain pan, tumble down through the sinuses, slide down the esophagus,
and finally, let them plunge to the base of the soul itself, located in the lowest organ of your body, the foot gland.
And finally, an idea, a key, an ultimate plan is born at the very bottom of your mind.
And it is Bob.
Let there be slack.
See www.subgenius.com
It sounds great.
What sounds great?
To bring all your drugs, bring all your froth, you know, go on the radio.
It's... You think it's hot? I think it's bitter cold.
What is the matter? You think it's...
Hal feels the wind blowing between his shows.
He's got a show last night, show before night, show after night.
The shows, I'm being pelted. The shows, boy.
There he is. Hal's coming out on stage now.
Hey, everybody. Hi, it's me. I've got shows.
That's the real man.
Do what?
That's the real man.
Oh, man.
Oh, my.
He looks younger than I thought.
He's got a show.
He's got a show.
Oh, Canada, our home, our native land.
True patriot love in all our sons command.
With glowing hearts we see thee rise, a true, north strong and free.
From far and wide, oh, Canada, we stand on guard for thee.
Of people and glorious and free.
Oh, Canada, we stand on guard for thee.
Oh, Canada, we stand on guard for thee.
Oh, Canada, we stand on guard for thee.

Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.

Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
And I think it's gonna be a long, long time.
The touchdown brings me round again to find I'm not the man they think I am.
Oh, Canada.
No, no, no.
I'm Bob.
I am the very esteemed universal philosopher of absolute reality, Frodus Peshaw, founder of the 28th Day at Bobtus Movement.
Co-founder, oracle, and prophet of the Assembly of the Flaming Carpet and grand master of the Order of the Crimson Finger,
professor of audio philipingsology at the Apocalypseolic Branch at the Dobsian Mental Lodge of St. Demonia's Conditioning,
and a student to the teachings of J.R.K.
Bob Dobbs.
You may call me Reverend Suds.
Friends, I come
before you this day a changed Overman.
With a soaring heart and stupid
grin, with the scars from a
lifelong battle against the oppressive machine
of the conspiracy, I stand
before you with first-hand accounts
of slackful gains, shocking
nuggets of wisdom, dripping
recounts of landscaping sessions, and
raging contempt for the pathetic
masses of pink pestilence.
And none of it would have been
possible without the teachings
of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Our collective mutations
are a beacon for Bob's mighty
luck to shine. No matter how much
the conspiracy tries to drag us down,
no matter how much the conspiracy
tries to tie us down, no matter
how much the conspiracy tries to tear
us down, no matter how much the
conspiracy tries to beat us down,
Bob will show us
the way. Let us pray.
Our
salesmen who art in Dobbs
Tower, name thy be
hallowed. Come, kingdom
thy, come and come
again. Give us each
day our daily frop, and
justify our trespasses as
we fuck those who can't take
a joke. Lead us
into the depths of temptation,
and deliver us into the escape
vessels.
Starts with a B.
I knew it when I came in here, man.
Ends with a B.
10 seconds, Bob.
Bob!
Well, it's really great to have you on the show tonight, Bob.
Haben und milliseconds.
I know it.

MMM mmh.
Open the door!
You said your
pants would go onturk.

What's that noise anyway, Bob?
Thanks for watching!
Of difficulties, silly silence is what really matters.
It actually costs a fortune, all right?
I am willing to admit that war has accomplished much in the projects of the world.
I am willing to admit that there are certain crises in the forward march of Christian civilization
that perhaps could not have been met in any other way than by the sword.
I am willing to admit that war developed certain heroic traits in men,
and furniture that test for the evidence of the highest character.
I am willing to admit that war has accomplished much in the forward march of Christian civilization
that perhaps could not have been met in any other way than by the sword.
I am willing to admit that war has accomplished much in the forward march of Christian civilization
that perhaps could not have been met in any other way than by the sword.
Beside my true де추 어�ơún Johns II was remembered by his homilike wife in France.
stoels, triumphant and totally completely caged,
Berovich and Scesar were the classifications, the first steel bars, the first cor来了,
and all the cloisters of Business of항ładaаж.
The Eddies and Currents
In that protoplasm, the probe could drift thousands of kilometers.
I am the jolly happy scrotum.
I come from jolly scrotum land.
He is the happy jolly scrotum.
He thinks that genitals are grand.
The Eddies and Currents
There's a very strange tie-in between Alistair Crowley and the Church of the Subgenius.
I mean, of course it has...
A lot of people do.
Yeah, but I mean, the whole thing with the kid.
I mean, there's something really big behind that.
I just don't even know what to say about it.
The kid?
Yeah, at the end of that movie with the Manly P. Hall guy in the 50s,
where that Bob figure comes and they're in the court with Vincent Price.
What was the name of that movie?
It's about the history of mankind.
It's called The History of Mankind.
The History of Mankind.
Yeah, and the movie ends with that kid.
The little baby.
Yeah.
And that's Bob.
Yeah, the Bob's in The Stranger, too.
Orson Welles played Bob in that one.
I think I have a...
I don't see any Eddie.
That's not a grand thing.
Somebody, I mean, I will.
I will put together some sort of new occult order.
Eddie Haskell?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Has someone tried it with Beaver, right?
Someone tried the Church of Beaver Cleaver?
Yeah.
Yeah.
The Church of Jane.
It doesn't work.
Yeah.
It only works if the Church of the Subgenius is the only one that really actually works.
Now I see the computers flashing into position.
Well, I've noticed some strange coincidences with Bob's kids, Rod and...
Was it Rod and Todd or Rod and...
Bib and Bob.
No, it's mentioned in one of the books.
I mean...
I see this extension of it based on his kid.
And it ties into Rahur Kruit.
Right.
The crowned and conquering child.
Exactly.
And Tyche.
See, now that's...
You've picked those up.
You've picked that up.
And you're right.
There's a lot of, you know, stitching together of concepts maybe previously developed in
other places.
I mean, I even saw...
I mean, I signed up to the...
To the...
The whole quite contested stitch-up.
So thanks...
He punched his fingers the time of the shoot.
Yes, exactly.
Because he's listening to 94.1 KPFA, 89.3 KPFB.
In Berkeley.
Oh my God, I love this show.
I love the books.
88.1.
I'm such a genius, dude.
And I don't see Eddie Paye anywhere.
I don't see anybody else coming in.
Yeah, what's going on?
Should we change over to the other show format?
How many shows are you doing?








All right, I'm going to start with...

Okay, we just did.
Now it's totally different.
I've got, I've got this...
Let people know who you're between.
Like those sad guys driving around with their RVs, sized off the hockey, off the hockey
arena capable of holding 30,000 people inside of it.
Like those the NHL teams play, you know?
In the middle of Colorado Dome.
desert. Max's capacity are 30,000 people, yes? Not all of them wearing skates, you know.
Some of them only have sticks. Some of them even don't have sticks. They just kick the
puck around with their feet. The looking toenails infested with fungus and other smelly food
disease. Think about the odor on a hot summer day.
Think of the odor. I think that was, that might have been The Large calling into the
Puzzling Evidence show. I don't know for sure, but The Large is in Finland, and this is one
show that I don't think we have anything by The Large on it, but I think we do have Dave.
Dave? Dave? Is it really Dave?
It's the reverse of what I heard before, which was partially something of a treatise
on sexcrement. Sexcrement?
An idea which I had never, never, never, never thought of before. And I've proved a lot of
thought. Where has that been all our lives?
Yeah. Well, last, a couple weeks ago, Princess,
we thought she had actually did coin the term slack religious. And I said, I'll bet you
own and go say, well, I came up with that. That's in page 15. He did.
I got an email from him. He did this, but sexcrement. That's, that bothers me, Dave.
I think into excrementation, meaning thinking about it too hard can cause you a pain in
the abdomen and so forth.
Well, it's better than no sex at all, I guess.
I guess.
Yeah. You know, I can't get.
I wouldn't know.
If you can't get any with a magic Z behind it, you know, then you can always impale yourself
with a,
a very soft rubber pool sponge.
I love noodles. I love those. I love them.
Now you guys know sex talk on, on this. This, this isn't that kind of station. Well, actually
it is, but we don't want anybody to know it is.
It's not the first thing you think of when you think of a, either a sex poodle or a,
or a pool noodle.
Well, speaking of sex poodles and pool noodles.
I have to do credits.
Um,
Who was that guy that kept on having, man, it was like, and it brings to mind, it brings
to mind that, um, you know, it brings that guy.
That was the Rudy Schwartz project.
That's what I thought.
The music just before the puzzling evidence clip where they were talking about Alistair
Crowley. That was the Rudy Schwartz project from Reverend Joe Newman's new album, The
Year They Switched to Cornmeal.
And I had, God, man, I just can't get.
I don't know if I've done enough of that, but we've only got two more songs left that
haven't been played on the show.
I've been methodically working my way through them.
Before that, the song Bob Squad with the gunfire effects was by the great groovy Neptune.
Our friends in Austin who played at Tex Day twice, I think.
Oh, and we've started a new series of two minute rants by Reverend Frodo Suds Pasha.
And you can see his rants.
That's on YouTube.
Um, actually, if you go to YouTube Rev Stag, that's mine.
You'll then go to my favorites.
You'll see all of Reverend Frodo's sermons.
He's scary.
He's real, real scary.
And he uses funny cutaways.
Especially when he's wearing mascara.
He's very frightening.
There was, uh, well, you can't tell because it's under the mask.
The mask is metallic.
It's yes.
Um, kind of Darth Vader like, but red.
It's a mascara.
I think it's a dear mascara.
That's worthy of Dr. Dark.
One of our top donors who, who by the way, he's a sperm donor and a pun donor.
Oh, what?
I had two more credit, three more credits.
The Ballad of Bob early in the show was by Lee Murr, the great Fernand and Annie Lee
Murr.
The version of Oh Canada.
The Canadian national anthem.
Was by the psycho skeletons.
And I'm glad I played that tonight because I'd see from the computer, the interocitor
here that there is, we have one internet listener in Canada right now.
So I hope they enjoyed that and stood up for it.
Um, there was some puzzling evidence in how, and the very first thing in the show was yours.
Truly Reverend staying at age 27 with one of my attempts.
It was my first and last attempt to do stuff.
I was a little bit nervous.
I was a little bit nervous about the idea of the commercial radio.
The minute, the minute they pushed the play button in that commercial radio station office,
everybody in the room knew it wasn't going to fly.
Including me.
There's just something about shows that critique all religion in general.
We're not picking on God, you know?
Well, how could you?
Well, actually we did declare war on God at one point, but that was partly because he,
Oh wait, I can't remember.

I can't use that gag cause I'm, I'm coming to it.
Dave, so to speak.
Oh, and then the background, it's once again, Halim L. Dobb, no relation to Jr. Bob Dobbs,
except that maybe there is, he's very Bob like he radiates slack the way Bob does.
He's lucky.
Yeah.
And, uh, and, and he's about the same age as Bob, although he looks a little better
to tell the truth.
Friends.
There's a lot of Bob has been making personal appearances, surprise appearances, likely.
And you can see those on my YouTube channel too.
He showed up at Starwood last year and you can see that you can also see a slideshow
of Starwood in five Starwood in five minutes, 14 X day and 11 minutes.
And the burning of Bob, actually it was a clever robot.
While we're burning him to us.
He is Bob.
Yeah.
And friends I had, I spent all Saturday covering up female breasts on that video and various
cat stains too, across the carpet.
Well when, when you burn Bob, suddenly the girls of X day whip their shirts off and prance
around like pagan cave women, even though most of them still wear glasses, they don't
take their glasses off, but they, they prance around with their shirts off.
And I, I edited out Pisces.
I don't know.
Not too much vetting out your bra, driving all over the enemy around with your Reeves.
You get on a GTR andire adulty reminded you of most cars, you go to the

without beuguinole or anything.

And I bought some really good cars that I have tolı

Repatoriiver was rev constitutionally demolished,
but that those top ten vehicles.
And instead of sitting in the cab Evangelista Nookio's Corinne, we just drove to reserved
queues atemoria where Koiyuk and heutster Alaya way onğan, and seen children walking in Congressan um,
self-same condition, which you're not allowed to do anymore, by the way.
Witches what?
Yeah, exactly.
Witches.
The witch's breast is not as cold as people say it is.
Although a gravedigger's behind might be.
Of course, we don't want to...
I don't know.
You might know that better than I.
About a gravedigger's behind?
Yeah.
Well, I know they're not nearly as hairy as some of the witch's breasts that are going
around.
They do go around.
I had to animate the little bar as they went around and around.
Susie can do that.
Reverend Susie the floozy can actually twirl tassels on her mighty bazooms.
She made my ears feel funny by banging my right ear with her right breast simultaneously
while banging my left ear with her left breast.
How do you think I lost my hearing, man?
That's how you lost your hearing?
What?
Huh?
All parts of Susie are talented, really.
Well, I was wearing a helmet at the time and some other protective gear, but it still didn't
stop the concussions.
I had to stop at the hospital and resume the entire situation.
You know what I mean?
Wink, wink, wink.
And I'm not...
With Nurse Susie?
No, the one where I'm regenerated instantly when I visit certain places.
Oh, you haven't heard about it, have you?
No.
No.
No word mystified.
No.
Not really worth elaborating on right now.
We'll get to it later, maybe, if there's time.
Dave, I was depressed earlier.
So was I.
Well, I know.
We talked on the phone.
But...
And you were one...
That was one of the things that depressed me.
But don't feel guilty because I talked to another starving artist before I talked to you and
he depressed...
That depressed me, too.
And then I thought about myself and that depressed me for a little while.
Then I read the news for about an hour.
And that really made me feel bad.
Yeah, me too.
The...
The...
There's all these people against free speech all of a sudden.
Yeah.
As long as it's free speech against the rich and authoritarian.
But if it's free speech for the rich, and if you carry guns to your protest, then it's
not a riot.
It's not a riot.
If you chant but have no guns, then it's a...
It's a riot.
And they're filthy hippies.
And they're all...
And why aren't they out getting a job?
Why?
Well, you know, some of those people are unemployed.
As they say all day long on the internet.
And that's why they're out there.
Hmm?
Some of the reasons why some of those people are carrying those signs is because they're
unemployed and they don't think they should be.
Well, and then there's probably some who are paid by the police department to throw rocks
at the police to give the police reason to shoot them.
Yes, we found that to be true.
But...
Provocateurs.
But so you see what I mean?
It's like...
And yet the stock market is up.
That's the weirdest thing about it.
It's obviously...
When they occupied Wall Street, it made Wall Street prosper.
So I don't know.
That's...
And the stock market is up, but the black rhinos are down.
In fact, there are none left.
Yep.
That was the last one or two, wasn't it?
Yeah.
But no, when it's down to the last one...
As the one poacher said, the guy that killed the last Indian tiger said,
well, it was the last one.
Why not kill it?
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
There's not going to be any...
When you're down to only one of an animal, or say you've got two males or even ten males,
what are you going to do?
You could always be like a creator and you could take the rib of one and come up with
like kind of a spicy, kind of a South Carolina sauce for that one, and then take the other rib,
and do some kind of weird, you know, New Orleans thing with it, with a big, with a rub going on,
and lots of oregano and weird stuff like that, you know?
They don't eat these rhinos.
They just cut their horns off and ground them up into aphrodisiac power, because they feel like,
well, these are businessmen, right?
Yeah.
So they know, scientifically, that if you take something that's long and hard and eat it,
that's going to make parts of you long and hard.
Of course.
This is science.
It's just like...
One time, maybe, even, too, you killed the last black rhino.
For one last time.
In fact, the same little article said one quarter of all mammals are at risk of extinction.
And I'd like to remind my listeners that most of them are mammals, too.
Most of us, you should have said.
We.
Well, we don't know about we.
She's not...
She looks like a mammal.
She's got the features of a mammal prominently.
But she's from another world.
And you...
I mean, it's like...
Like with Star Trek.
Are those other people from other planets?
Are they...
They're human life, but they're not really humans.
How the heck could Spock be a...
I mean, that just doesn't make sense.
I mean, he's half Vulcan and half human.
Like, a Vulcan sperm is going to fertilize a human woman?
And besides, what if he didn't have any sperm,
and half of his parents came from Pennsylvania or Michigan or someplace,
and they had sloping foreheads and little teeny tiny brains,
and he had, like, a lobster.
Claw.
That's not a very good what if, Dave.
But, yeah, I was feeling pretty bad.
But, Dave, something happened on the way to the station.
On the way to the station, I didn't tell you about...
Well, this just happened.
This is new.
On the way to the station tonight, I underwent a conversion.
Like a mathematical conversion?
Like a...
A Saul of Tarsus becoming Paul.
I changed from Stang to Tang...
Tangy.
I'm actually wearing a T-shirt that says Tangy on it.
But that doesn't have anything to do with this.
Well, maybe not.
God appeared to me.
Well, he's invisible, but yet he's a giant guy with a long white beard and white robes.
You can't tell what race he is because he's kind of like a mixture.
But he's invisible, so it doesn't matter.
And he said...
And I couldn't believe it, you know, because I'm not exactly an...
I'm not an atheist because I don't know whose aquarium I might be swimming around in.
But I didn't previously believe in God the way a lot of people do,
where he's this grandpa that you wheedle and whine at and he does favors for you
if you kiss his fundament.
Yeah.

That's not enough.
Prayer.
Yeah.
But he spoke to me.
And he said,
Oh.
And I fell down on my knees.
I thought, I mean, this is like Moses.
Are you sure you got the right guy, God?
Are you sure you're not making a mistake, omniscient, perfect being?
And he said,
No, I want you to run for president.
I said, but wait now, but Lord, isn't that what you told Michelle Bachman,
Rick Perry, and Herman Cain?
And he said, yes, I did tell all of them that I wanted them to run for president.
And that's because I'm desperate for Obama to be reelected, frankly, Reverend Stang.
And that's why I want you to run, too, to help split the ticket up for the crazy people
so that Obama gets reelected.
And I was like...
I fell down on my knees.
How could you?
Which in the car.
It isn't easy to do in the car, but you did.
In the car.
Yeah, I was in the car.
I fell down on my knees.
That's the miracle right there.
And I went, I'll do whatever you say, God.
Because, you know, you're not going to really talk back or sass the Lord.
I've heard about what happened to people who did that.
But, you know, we carry Bob around in the back seat.
I don't know if you knew that.
And whenever we park at the station, I move him to the front seat as kind of a scarecrow.
But Bob looked at me, said, Reverend Stang, I don't want you to run for president.
Because I need you to fill orders for me and be my little bitch, clerk boy.
And so I'm going to leave it to Cain, Abel, Bachman, Turner, and...
Overdrive.
Overdrive.
Yeah.
And that Mormon dude.
Well, that's it.
So what's wrong with being a Mormon?
I wear funny underwear.
I've got Christmas underwear with Christmas trees.
Well, yeah.
And Bob underwear with Bob in a funny place on it.
They wear T-shirts with Joseph Smith's face on them in front of them?
They wear it with weird little quotations on the back of their strange prophets.
I call him Great Uncle Smith.
Did you know that the very ground you walked on was once the formulating ground of this cult called the so-called cult?
Yeah.
It's called Mormonism.
And not too far away is the Mormon Cathedral, the first one built here in the early 1800s.
And man, quite a palace.
They had some...
It's very palatial there.
Anyway, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to.
Yes.
But Scientology is much the same way.
And I don't think that there's anyone among us, at least with ears or lips,
who can resist the urge to want to kiss off when it comes to these questions.
Yes.
Just give them back to the devil, you know?
Well, I...
Now, what do I do if the devil tells me to run for president?
You have to listen to him.
Well, the thing is, though, I mean, how do...
I'm not sure...
I mean, God's not...
I mean, Bob...
J.R. Bob Dobbs is not anywhere near as well-connected as God.
I mean, no offense to subgeniuses out there.
He's the saint of sales and certainly a short-duration personal savior.
But that's all.
I mean, he's not...
He's the first person to say,
don't make me...
Don't use me as a crutch.
I'm using you as a crutch.
That's what Bob said.
I'm afraid you're going to have to look at the sample.
And he needed...
He said he...
Bob said he needed me as a clerk more than the country needed me as president.
You're going to have to get in a...
And that might be true.
In a situation where they match contribution funds,
you're going to have to separate both from...
God, you're going to have to match funds.
What would you be willing to come up shooting with
if I were to announce my candidacy?
Well, we were last week on the pledge drive.
We raised $178.
I wonder if God would match that.
Now, we're starting to get...
I don't want to get smart-alecky about the Lord
because he'll take away parts of you.
I've already learned.
I don't have a spare in some departments.
And so I want to show proper respect.
It was never...
We never had anything bad to say about Jesus or Muhammad or Buddha or any of them.
It was just their fan clubs.
They would get overly enthusiastic and decide,
well, Jesus got beat up and tortured.
I guess we ought to beat up and torture everybody.
Who doesn't believe him?
Well, we should beat up and torture his followers.
No, I'm just kidding.
Well, next day, that will all be taken care of for us.
That's why we tell subgeniuses to just be nice for now.
You can hate them, but don't act on it.
Well, you had an actual slack moment.
of some kind that was beyond anything anybody could understand right now.
And yet, finally, I do understand it because I was just thinking that the only way really
out of here, this terrible, awful place.
What, life, you mean?
Or planet Earth?
This planet, the way it is now.
So-called Earth.
I wouldn't want to give up life.
I would prefer a nice, a nice, nice life.
The kind promised by Bob.
See what I'm saying?
Oh, you want...
I want all.
He's asking for a raise.
No, I'm asking for...
Which is easy.
It's easily granted since none of us are paid anything for this.
I'll pay you a hundred times what you're getting now.
Yeah, okay.
Well, then that's what I'm asking for, man.
A hundred times nothing is nothing.
A hundred times nothing is nothing.
Yeah.
You load 16 tons onto the air and what do you get?
Another day older and covered in sweat.
A cement bag and a doodle basin.
Nothing.
You got a doodle basin?
Yeah.
Damn.
Bob, cheat me.
I'm going to do what God said.
I'm going to run for president.
You can make a lot more money that way.
I swear I think...
Honestly, I think God probably did tell those, at least, what, how many of those Republican
nominee guys and ladies to run for president because that will help ensure Obama getting
re-elected.
Because of the most messianic streak of the Mahatma Gandhi.
You can tell God that.






He loves Obama better because he's a brother.
You know?
And let's face it.
I mean, who's got soul?
I could pretend all I want, but I'm just a wasp from Texas.
I've got cowboy gumption.
Yeah.
I've got lots of gumption.
But I can't lay claim to soul.
You've got to use that cowboy stick is what you've got to do.
Actually, I might have a claim.
You've got to call people partners.
You've got to look them square in the eye.
You've got to...
You've got to...

You've got to take your thumb and put it, like, in your belt, like you're fixing to
do something or fitting to do something, however you guys say it.
And then, you know, you talk square to them.
You say, listen, partner.
Listen.
Killing pigs ain't kosher, Sarge.
Or something like that.
And then fall down on the floor and start sweating real hard.
That's what they like to see in the deep south, especially in North America.
Oh, it's so hot, but you can't do much but hit your fingers and your thumb and your belt
and say you're fitting to do something.
And then collapse.
It's sweating.
Heat prostration.
Your microphone couldn't even fry you then.
You're so covered with the anubias gland.
Just to make my conservative pappy upset, he was complaining about how there's no rain
and they were having forest fires all around Stane County.
And I said, well, I thought your governor prayed for rain.
And I can't repeat what my father said.
He used a Nixonian expletive.
He was so disgusted.
It was like as I, you know, I kind of had him at that point.
You know, he was as horrified at that kind of thing as anybody.
I wonder what he's thinking right now.
Oh, poor guy.
Oh, he thinks he's worried about our country, he said.
I'm worried about our country.
I said, so am I, but I think it's for opposite reasons.
And then we changed the subject.
And that's why we still get along.
I respect my elders, and so I don't get into political arguments.
Well, I respect my appliances, like my blender and my microwave and stuff like that.
Because that's who I have to interact with daily.
I don't go off on these weird tangents, you know, where you think you're a member of some family,
you're blood related to some other human being or something like that.
Like, I have a deep physical, emotional, and psychological relationship with a mattress.
And I don't think there's anything fine as wine as that.
Well, I've got my mattress.
It's sitting here right across the room.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
My friend Sterno, who lives in Arkansas, actually met a guy who came to a party with his girlfriend or whatever.
And the guy introduces you.
Yeah, I'm, you know, Fred Huckbee.
And this here's my mattress.
And the girl just smiled.
They could have at least spelled it with, you know, with an E on the end, not just the two S's.
My mattress.
My mattress.
This is my matress.
My mattress.
Like a stewardess or a waitress.
Yeah.
My matress.
This is my matrette.
But, see, I was taught that that's sexist talk, and that's not cool.
In the next 45 minutes to 300 years, we're going to see a magnificent, strange blending of the sexes
where there may be people with five different sexes that we don't recognize as any kind of actual sex thing.
I agree.
Think how many disco bars you'd have to go to just to pick up one person with that.
But think of the economy.
New disco bars for a new species.
Right.
I mean, what could be fine as wine as that?
That's the beauty part.
You know, we can make a lot of money a lot of different ways, serving a lot of different miscreants of different shapes and forms.
Do you believe that marriage should be just between a man and a woman?
A man and a woman and a woman.
But how about a she-male and a she-male?
Well, as a person who knew a pair of she-males.
Or a he-femme.
Okay, that's a different story.
A she-male and a he-femme.
A she-male and a he-femme.
Yeah.
Okay, I'd have to say that was okay if they took vows of celibacy and promised to never...
Well, what's the point?
Well, they should not issue their eugenically impure selves.
I'd like to see if they were to have some sort of child out of their wedlock.
Which is impossible, though, right?
Well, no, not if what you're saying is...
I mean, there was that...
There is an actual female and an actual male, even though one is a she and the other's a he.
Right.
A he and a she.
And now what kind of sex are you talking about?
Virtual sex?
Right.
Or actual real sex?
There we go.
Yeah, the real thing.
Psychic sex?
The only proper kind.
Space ranger sex?
The only righteous kind, which is the kind that results in a baby.
What kind of baby?
A virtual baby?
Five seconds.
A psychic baby?
A benighted baby.
A baby long of sideburns and short of saddles.
Turn her over, Daddy.
I'd rather have a puppy.
Woof, woof.
That's a punchline.
That's what Daddy said when he drank the whole fifth of...
Scotch in one gulp.
Crashed through the window.
This is it, Mother, he said.
I'm leaving.
And I'm taking that thing with me.
Speaking of things, the music in the background is once again the Flyin' Ryan Brothers.
I bet the subgeniuses were wondering.
It's like, what subgenius does pretty music?
But this is the Flyin' Ryan Brothers Under the Influence is the name of the CD.
Which, if I know...
Those guys, they probably are under the influence of Bob,
because I don't think they are sinners of that kind.
God, their thank you list goes on forever, and I'm down near at the very bottom.
I know why that is.
We give them airplay.
Oh, they thank Jimi Hendrix.
Jimi Hendrix?
I'm in the same paragraph as Jimi Hendrix and Bernard Herrmann,
the Allman Brothers, and Jeff Beck.
All right.
On the same page as them?
Yeah.
How so?
Wow.
Well, these guys are obviously a big...
They're a big guitar band, and they love these big guitarists,
Jeff Beck, Allman Brothers, Hendrix, and probably a bunch more.
Oh, Mountain.
But they're like playing...
Joe Satriani.
...the music from Cape Fear or something?
Wishbone Ash.
Sinbad?
I don't...
Well, actually, I've heard them open one of their albums with a Bernard Herrmann riff
from Mysterious Island.
Well, that's really exciting, because I thought if I ever did that,
like one day if I actually got up out of bed,

and I'd have to play some of the songs and stuff...
Yeah.
...that I could perhaps include a lot of them,
Bernard Humidor...
Well, not Bernard Humidor, per se.
I'm sorry I said that.
It's all right, Dave.
I have a cassette somewhere that's nothing but Dave music
that I may even, you know, have to dig around.
Actually, I should...
We should play something.
We should stop talking for just a minute, because I do have a song here.
Uh...
For...
First...
Well, first Bob's going to come to the studio,
and then we're going to play a song by Little Jack Melody
called Lock Up Your Daughters.
It's about what happens when the subgeniuses are coming to occupy your town.
And they're gypsy trams and trucks and trailers.
So, um...
So, hold on, Dave.
I'm going to go ahead and play these two cuts for about five minutes,
and then we'll come back on the air.
If there's an air to come back on.
And, uh...
Yeah.
Now getting back to the business at hand,
Bob is here.
And, uh...
And I...
And, you know, I don't know Bob that well,
but I do know him to be a guy that just never stops coming.
And that's certainly good, but...
And, uh...
Let's see if we can get somewhere else with Bob and see who he is.
I'm interested.
I know a lot of you people know him,
because he's been around a long time,
and some of you may have grown up with him somehow.
I've always respected Bob.
He's a difficult man to talk to.
And, uh...
And, uh...
So let's take a listen to Bob.
Basically.
Bob.
Bob.
Watch.
In front of...
It was a diplomat, so the whole audience was blue-haired.
Bob being you.
Bob being third person.
I'm kind of...
I'm like...
Bob wouldn't do that.
That's not right for Bob.
I'd like to talk to Bob about that.
Yeah, Bob's not comfortable talking about this,
because when Bob leaves here, he puts his...
What do you call it?
A Glock in the car.
Yeah, the Glock.
Yeah.
Or a nine.
Do they still use nines?
Bob's people do.
They do.
They use nines?
And Glocks.
Nines and Glocks and a blunt.
And a blunt.
For the other thing.
Yeah, this.
Bob.
Bob.
That other thing.
All right, so you're down.
You're doing...
You're opening Bob.
Bobbing, bobbing, bobbing, bobbing, bobbing, bobbing, bobbing.
Consistently inconsistent.
That if they don't come around, Bob, we're going to be in trouble.
Bob the laughing skull.
Bob the funny...
Farm.
Farm.
Bob.
Strange days with Bob.
All right, Bob.
That was Bob.
I hope in some ways that Bob you have not known or didn't expect to know.
Lock up your daughters
And hide the chickens
Load up the 20 gauge
I hear the calliope
Tape up your windows
And put the lights out
They're coming back to town
I hear the calliope
I smell elephants
Can't mistake that infernal smell
I don't think I need to remind you
What elephants leave
I don't think I need to remind you


What elephants leave
Gypsy old foalmen

Will be riding them
Will be riding them
So you best not let
Any kids out after dark
I hate the lions
Can't stand the lions



Can't stand the tigers
Detest all 37 notes of calliope
I hate the horses
And painted wagons
And even water when it's deemed for calliopes
Stupid elephants
See them holding each other's hands







And the others tails
Everybody knows that there's nothing as sad as a clown
They can keep their pinheads and boa snakes
And the two head baby what's cooped up in a jar
I'm a little bit scared of the wild animals

But good punks don't look so good
Wanna keep the π
Nothing tries to broke the gallop
While it comes to sex
I don't really care
And I don't know why

I'll take the Primo
I bear the Engry
I just want to progressed
The cat helps through usually
And them alabaster
Would you turn them away from here?
Would you tell them gypsies
To ride them the hell out of town?
Cause we got no use
For such foolishness
And we thank you
For all your time
And help them end
Lock up your daughters
And hide the chickens
And that was little Jack Melody
and his young turd
And we thank Zaphod
for turning us on
to little Jack Melody
And oh, there's Dave
Oh, I'm sorry
I was saying it sounds like Brecht
and Cotville
I was going to say
that was Nino Rota
an explanation too
Yes
But Nino Rota
take off on such Bauhaus meanderings
Not Bauhaus, but what would be the root?
We kept saying Calliope
I thought it was Calliope
Calliope, yes
That's why he went Calliope
and then it went
You know those musicians
always doing things
just to get attention
He was probably mispronouncing it
intentionally
Mispronouncing what?
Hiding the chickens?
Calliope
Calliope
No, he went Calliope
You say Calliope
and I say Calliope
You say Yucatisma
and I say Yucatisma
Well, Calliope has two E's
on the end
and Calliope has one
I say Subgenie
and I say Subgeni
Let's blow the
whole pop stand
Let's blow the microphone off
Speaking of microphones, Dave
it's funny when we
when I put on music and pot you down
we can hear your
every snort
and snuffle amplified
really loud in the studio
I don't think it goes
Yeah, I don't think it goes out on the air
but it's frightening
to us here
You're much louder
when we turn you down
off the studio speakers
I think that's great
I know it might be
personally foul
I mean, it might have
an odor about it
but to me
in my mind
that's art
You're juxtaposing
two unreal events
to create one real event
in the mind of the viewer
of the listener, I mean
And what is that?
But if it makes him puke
it's not very good
He's waiting off
you know, he's like
off camera, off cue
or whatever you want to call it
and stuff
but he's not
and it's like the same thing
when they heard
Nixon or Jerry Lee Lewis
talking in the background
and he was talking about
people from outer space
and that's why he didn't become
a Supreme Court judge
just
but that's art, man
I mean
I don't think that's the only reason
Jerry Lewis
Did you say Jerry Lee
Lewis or Jerry Lewis?
or the one
you know
either one of those cats
would work
in the situation
it's just like a sample
of a population
of thousands of idiots
and you just pick a few
and have them write their names
and give them instructions
and record what you've heard
and take the sample out
and throw it out the window
for all I care, you know
You're describing
the puzzling evidence show
I think
Somewhat
to a large degree
Because they allow call-ins
It's sad
this whole
about the whole
first half of the show
the little fight
that the phone light was
was lighting
somebody wanted to call in
and speak
Well
puzzling evidence also allows
stalkers, you know
so it's no surprise
He wants stalkers
I don't
I know what it's like to have
real serious stalkers
and that's actually kind of creepy
You've been raped and sodomized
like one of those
ten-year-old
Only in their minds
or whatever they are
Only in their minds
and that's all their minds were on
last
two days ago
November 11th, 2011
11-11-11
at 11-11 o'clock
I know one guy who was going
I bet Stan is having a heart attack right now
Do you mean that?
And guess what?
I wasn't
And then it became 11-12
I might have been having a heartburn attack
And you didn't have a heart attack
No
Someone was giving you a heartburn
No, in fact we were joking about that crazy guy
because I noticed
I happened to look up
at the microwave clock
and it was giving off radiation
and said 11-11
I went
Princess Wee, it's 11-11 on 11-11-11
The kooks are all going nuts right now
and I can think of at least two of them
who are certain that I'm dying
right at this minute
because I've called them that word
kook
Yes, we're all kooks, friends
but some are
some kooks are more equal than others
you might say
Yep
And according to this particular kook
111 equals 7
and 22 equals 1
29
Yeah, 29 and
uh
We're all kooks on this Space Ranger bus
Well, what I felt was most inspiring about what you said
is the same thing happened to me
and I looked at the viewer
I mean, I looked at the clock on my microwave
and it was exactly 11-11
and to show some authentic respect
for that microwave
I fell down on my knees
not on purpose
at first
but I fell down
and I began to pray to the microwave
and this
they talk about the Church of the Subgenius
being a cult
being a cargo cult
I don't know what you're packing, man
but to me
a microwave
and this
maybe, you know, one of those weird bushes
that
like a bonsai bush
A burning bush
That would be even better
but something, you know
just something for the front yard
so it doesn't look so stark out there
A George Bush?
A bush?
And, yeah
A George Bush
Princess, one thing I didn't tell you earlier
was that Rick Perry's wife said
he needed a burning bush
and then somebody else said
no, Herman Cain's the one who's guilty of grabbing bushes all the time
I stole all those gags from Yahoo comments
Well, each one of those guys
They did gag
Yeah
They're disgusting, most of them
They all think they're the great
the next Henny Youngman or something
or the next
you know, the next one-line guy
that's gonna capture the imagination
of all these dead people living out here
That's all they are
They're zombies
They're not real
living, breathing people anymore
Oh, you wish
Of course I wish
With all my heart and soul
I wish I could crawl in a sack with any zombie I want
especially a blonde zombie
since this isn't in the news anymore
Isn't that a banned blonde zombie?
Yeah
Back in 1942 they were way ahead of their time
Yeah, that's what I thought
And they, you know, they had the kind of Nazi regalia thing going on
Mm-hmm
Got in trouble
It's just like a joke, you know
It's like Rammstein or something
You know, it's just kidding around
That's when
things started getting real bad
Rammstein isn't kidding around
from Maunton to Dust Bowl
Well, Dave, we're coming close up on the end of the hour
The hour of slack, by the way
is what you're listening to
In fact, this is the 1,334th hour of slack
Whoa!
Although there have been a few reruns in there
and sometimes we use Suzy's show
And next week will be our last live show for a while
because Princess Wee and I have to go into out of space
And it'll be reruns and reports
Oh, actually it will be new shows
But there'll be new shows of old movies
and rants that haven't been heard yet
And do we all know that everything old is new again?
No, we've still got more of 14X Day
We've got a Ministry of Slack special coming up
We've got the Starwood rant
We've got the Witch's Ball rant
Are they making fun of me?
Anyway, I'm gonna cut away now
Cut away, cut away, cut away all
The house is on fire
Your children will get burned by
And I'll just be sitting there feeling guilty
I'm gonna take a break
Oh, we've got one last sermon
Sermons with Suds
Reverend Frodo Suds Shaw
And then followed by a song called
I Wanna Die for Bob
Which was one of the first Bob hymns ever recorded
And we're not even sure who recorded it
He disappeared after he sent us the hissy tape
That's Suds Pasha
Yeah, Suds Pasha
And so with that, Dave, good night
Good night
Friends, have you been singled out due to your mutation?
The conspiracy plunging its filthy claws deep into your soul
Ripping from it any vestige of individuality
Any potential spark of abnormality?
Have you sold your soul to the 9 to 5 demon money handlers?
Suffering at the whims of sadistic jackholes
Given undeserved authority over your mind and pocketbook
Taking all the credit for your hard work
Do you feel yourself being drugged down into the deep end?
The depths of the conspiracy machine?
Feeling yourself being pulverized into a quivering pile of pink shit?
Friends, I have suffered this torment
Yes, friends, I too was slowly being lulled into the glazed-eyed flock of sheeple
Blissfully bleeding away while being led to the slaughterhouse
If not for Bob
Praise Bob!
Friends, do you have what it takes to follow the path of least resistance?
To bring the Sultan of Sales into your mind, body, and wallet?
Do you have the perfect hate coursing through your veins?
That pure hatred that knows no color, creed, ideology, sex, or sexual orientation?
That burning contempt for the plague of pink-eyed fist-lovers
Dragging you down into the bowels of their self-made perdition?
There is only one way to cleanse the palate of the wretched taste
From dealing with the legions of slack-jawed dopey dipshits
There is only one path to divine slack
And the incalculable death of species waste and the destruction of this planet
And that's J.R. Bob Dobbs
For it was Bob who sold a dollar in to God and convinced him it was heaven
For it was Bob who fucked Mother Teresa because she answered the door
For it was Bob who told Sarah Palin to get that first abortion
Embrace the teachings of Bob!
Embrace your abnormality!
And never again sell out for a piece of that pink pie!
And I'm not talking about the yummy, meaty, squishy kind either!
How's that drink of song, you know?
Please, Bob, you fuck, kill me, Bob
I wanna die for God
I wanna die in a hole
And drown the pink boys and the normals
If we have to, if we have to Bob can make them die
And we'll all come back older men
We'll all come back older men
We'll all come back older men
Or no, the reeds will fly
We'll all come back old men




Sing us to another key
Raise Bob
Fill me Tyler
I wanna die for Bob
I wanna find us the Holy War fulfilled
The big boys and the gommels, they went, they went.
We can't make them buy, and we'll all come back home.
And we'll all come out over men.
If we don't come out over men, there ain't no reason why.
All the rivals, gizms, they will fall beneath our laser blades.
And we'll all come back over men.
We'll all come back over men.
We'll all come back over men in victory parades.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty pervert.
Sharkaback, Flack, Morton, Phillip, Buck, Burton, Perkaluma, Burton, Burton, Buster, Matt.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show.
And we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob and want some of that slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to...
Subgenius.com front page or especially the radio page or the catalog store pages.
And help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty.
And we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference.
Even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blowjobs could go the way of Steve Jobs if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to Subgenius Foundation.
P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help Bob and Matt.
Let there be slack.
Subliminal Hypno Corporation.
We need free contact.
We're making money, Bob.
Free pills.
Sex, money, Bob.
Free pills.
Sex, money, Bob.
Free pills.
Sex, money, Bob.
Kill me.
Sex, money, Bob.
