Remember
We're sitting together listening to this
And this was prison
Remember
You need me, and I have come
Hi Bob
Hi Bob
Yeah
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Yes sir
I like subgenius
No sir
I don't like pink boys
Yes sir
I love Bob
No sir
I'm no sir
No sir
I do not want to stop Bob
I just want to give my feast to the thousands
In every leaf, in every twig, in every cow, in every pig
I want Bob deep fried and depreased
I want to feel him in the breeze
I want to see him in the sky
I hope his fight will end
And it was kind of nice for all those people.
Dear Bob, who floats above the ground, I long to hear the mournful sound
That's made when you emerge from space And come to this, my dwelling place.
Dear Bob, each night, while I'm asleep, I hope to my house you will creep
And poke your pipe in through the wall So I'll be burned, remembering all.
Dear Bob, it's time to close my eyes, remember now.
It's no surprise, if I should be found dead someday, I'll think that you were in the way.
Oh, gimme Bob, confusing that face With my own, can't remember my place.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind
to the soul.
To the subgenius power of SWAT.
Bob's role on this planet is to see that the Earth is not sold on that glorious or terrible day
we call X-Day in 1998.
When the men from Planet X arrive.
Yeah, now it may sound ludicrous, it may sound ridiculous to men and believers out there.
You're saying that all, not all those people,
may be, yeah, may be.
You once were telling me about Planet X, Dr. Morbant.
Evil on Planet X is more than you could think of.
Evils, doxom.
Every night and day they wait to see the evil they go through.
Do they come down in flying saucers?
Flying saucers are bearing on us.
We don't know what to do.
We're here all alone.
The planets are fading.
The blood is running.
The lights were fading.
And they stalked us one by one.
The very...
This is the Man in Black, here for the Roma Wine Company of Fresno, California.
For centuries we have been circling your Earth, waiting for a means to penetrate your atmosphere.
I am the first to come to you.
With death and destruction?
Yes.
Go ahead and kill me.
What's gonna happen to your children?
What's gonna happen to your children?
What's gonna happen to you when this society we've created,
this society of air conditioners,
of station wagons with wooden sides,
of cautious, indeed, of retired actors,
of orange hail, of human politicians,
what happens when that collapses?
What happens when your daughter ain't worth a damn?
What happens when your daughter ain't worth a damn?
That's when the man from Planet X-9,
when the man from Planet X-9,
then friggin famous...
Zip Yarnيد
Just run the nave.
Tulip
get up.
You'd won't let me die.
You'd rotten our future.
Mutton
Terra
Traits
Neurologies


Yummy
Yes!
Give us your children!
Give us your children!
Let us raise them!
You'll have weirder kids than me!
Ha ha ha ha ha!
That's odd.
Very odd.
Meltdown.
And this can happen to you!
This can be yours!
Uh, yes, dear friends, it can happen to you,
it can be yours, and it will be yours on X-Day 1998,
only two years from now,
and of course, dear friends, this is our X-Day show,
it's July, by the time you hear this tape,
I will probably be at the X-Day drill,
drilling my way deep into my own brain
in preparation for the arrival of those gods and goddesses
from outer space who will come in 1998,
July 5th, 1998.
You know the story, friends, and if you don't,
well, just keep listening, because we're gonna have
every tiny media barrage clip that ever had anything
to do with X-Day for this show and the next one.
I apologize for the last show.
But you know, as Dr. Legume pointed out,
in the first edition of the Book of the Subgenius,
the McGraw-Hill Orange cover,
there was a misprint that seemed obviously a mistake
that at one point made it look like X-Day would happen in 1996.
Well, what if that wasn't a misprint?
What if you're not ready, friend?
What if you're still putting off that mighty moment
when you write that mighty check?
What if?
These are all important what-ifs, friends,
and you know, that...
movie is coming out Independence Day.
God, their ploys are so obvious,
so filthy and so obvious,
that...
You know, the pieces are all coming together
for the one world government.
We can tell...
You can see the story behind the rise of Bill...
Clinton.
Bill Soft-On-Kitty-Porn Clinton, I should call him,
and his little clique rising to the American throne.
Yes, it was through the diabolical backroom machinations of Dobbs
that all of these things have come about.
Thou art but an insignificant insect.
And you'd better speak to the manager, boy,
because that day is coming.
That day is coming up, and well, I'm gonna...
I ain't...
I'm just gonna let these tapes carry you on through, friend,
because it's...
This is the biggest celebration of the Subgenius year.
And, uh...
I hope that...
I hope that you're readying yourself,
just as we are.
I'm sorry if you can't make it to the X-Day drill
in Sherman, New York,
while you're hearing this show.
I really am.
But, in the meantime, you may commune, yes?
You may commune now with the spirit of Dobbs
and the promise of X-Day.
Ah, yes.
You may commune with him.
You may commune with him.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.








But what a lot of us do not realize is
that in chapter 1 of Ezekiel, verse 4,
the angels traveled in whirlwind fashion.
Not like our jets straight ahead.
Whirlwind!
They move from one end of heaven to the other
like a flight.
of lightning, verse 14. And verse 15 says their color was burl. Do you know what they put into
spaceships now that are heaved out there? The only thing that can withstand the heat,
other things would disintegrate, burl ilium. It's like some kind of, some kind of vision,
like I've never seen before. It was like a wagon wheel coming out of the sky, and I was sitting
on the porch with Aunt May, and she said, what is it, boy, what is it? And I said, I don't know,
ma'am, I swear to God, I don't know, but she said, praise Bob. You know, when, if Bob, if Bob
says something, that wall climbing, wall, what was it, wall climbing, wall climbing, well,
I was wall climbing, I was wall climbing, and that's what Bob said to do, that's what Bob told
me to do. And I said, well, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know,
I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it, I can't believe it,
I can't believe it maybe me too, I was wall climbing, yeah. I, I get, I get, I get real scared,
Bob, because I, I seen them, I seen them before, but there's more of them now, and,
because there's lots more. They're, they're floating in the, in the air, and they, they're
living in the wind.
wood and the rocks and everything and they're they're always kind of
laughing and killing and laughing and all the time duncan lunan of the british interplanetary
society has interpreted the signals as a message from the space probe a message from a dying planet
right
along with bob the pursuit of slack and a conspiracy of pinks
the subgenius theology includes a vision of the apocalypse according to church doctrine
On July 5th, 1998, when the television signal of Amos and Andy reaches the men from Planet X,
the aliens will unleash their wrath upon the Earth.
And the men from Planet X are going to come down and take over Earth.
They're going to...
They will put us out of our misery unless Bob can explain to them in ways that they can understand
that there is something on Earth worth saving.
And only the subgenii, the dues-paying, book-buying, receipt-in-the-pocket,
paid in full to the church subgenii, have the tiniest prayer of survival.
The rest of them? It's a tough world, Jack.
The fighting Jesus looked out over the bridge of the exist battle saucer, Blood of Christ.
He looked and laughed.
He laughed and looked.
He looked and looked.
He laughed and laughed.
He laughed.

He laughed and laughed.
Jesus was in a psychopathically elated state.
His face resembled many of the perverse icons the humanoids of the dust moat painted of him.
They prayed to these for the salvation of their souls, as if they had any souls to save,
as if anyone would want to save them, which they didn't.
A whole disgusting religion now centered around his murder.
They had to gall to nail him up like a common criminal and then paint pictures of him enjoying it.
They thought he loved them for it, that he was forgiving.
Oh, the anticipation.
He was sick to his stomach with glee.
He would show them the true face of pain and sin.
It had taken him two thousand long years to return here,
and now he would pay them back for the scars he still carried in his hands.
Sweet stigmata.
Even the slightest thought of the scars made them glow red through his fists, through the boxing gloves.
The whole of the spacecraft was manned with angels of light personally lent by Jehovah One.
They supervised the demon teams operating on all tangible destruction spectrums.
All in attack mode.
Nagas, Orzuma, Shiva, Horus, Aeons, the dark bodies.
And at time and a half, too.
It was expensive to ravage a planet.
No matter.
The hope of that which comes had finally arrived.
And on Jesus' birthday.
What do you think, Dad?
His second in command, Jim Jones, stood by with the final attack coordinate codices.
A whole graphic map of Earth rotated slowly next to Jones in midair.
On its surface, grids of the natives' planetary defenses were lit up in green.
Ones, some depicting their pathetic communication structures in violet.
All in scale, quite pretty actually.
A colorful net surrounded the sphere.
It would soon enough be dark.
These children wait for us below, Jesus.
We will walk among them and we will smile.
At your moment of choice, of course.
Jesus studied Jones' puffy, tired face in the pink glow of the neuron banks that ran around the walls of the mighty dreadnought and shuddered.
He was no stranger to resurrection of the undead.
But whoever had brought Jones around again had slipped up.
Something was missing.
Something else was added.
Something.
Jones had been forced on him by the Djinn bankers who had financed this angelic war fleet.
Damn them.
He never forgot the price they had demanded for this mercenary raiding fleet.
Jones' constant reminders of their influence and expectations irritated Jesus no end.
Not to mention the influence of the war fleet.
The annoying habit Jones had copied from Dobbs.
The twisted creature insisted on smoking a pipe, even here near the sensitive nerve relays.
Jones might have been left dead a little too long.
He moved with a constant jerk and always poked at his throat.
He never removed his sunglasses and he still took massive injections of methamphetamines even though they no longer had any effect on his regenerated shell.
You know Jimbo, said Jesus.
The best part is that they think there's an afterlife.
That's why they strung me up the first time.
They think like bugs down there.
I'm well aware of that, Commander.
It bothered Jones to be back on Earth so soon after his failure with the social programming research post he had been running there.
It wasn't really his fault.
The administration change at Central merely cut off the funding for it.
He was forced to abort the experiment and terminate the experiment.
Then we'll have to wait before we find out what this is all about.
Not entirely.
The papers we found in Harding's laboratory explain why they're building the hydrogen bomb.
Its explosion was intended to deflect the rotation of the Earth enough to send it out of its orbit and spinning off into space.
Those zombies must have been as crazy as they looked.
It may sound ridiculous, but it's theoretically possible.
Yeah, we're safe now, for the time being.
But there are undoubtedly more of those power-mad creatures loose on other planets.
So it'll take constant vigilance on our part to ensure the safety of this world.
The
If this was indeed an extraterrestrial spacecraft with living occupants, it must have been very disconcerting for them to cross millions of miles of space only to be hit on the head with rotten oranges.
The dramatic advent of the space-time machine was a great success.
Christina Larson's Sweet Dreams
Theョ Raw Orfin's creation of a version of the places ofjas
On AI in the first 43 minutes of the insane experiment, where joys and sorrows of delays and flight inte layout all bigger, losing all ability to predict the future, use of three and four nautical miles of zero velocities or electric disc, landsat, NiF-2ノ-acions to fire the
tails of aliens tel nautical notion Carne verdad
Everything went black and I realized that I'd been cut off and shut off in a little tiny room where nobody was listening to me.
And I was talking to this hot little plush felt red rubber tip microphone.
Not hearing a thing and seeing only little tiny lights.
Wondering why I was strapped to this chair and put into this studio that seemed to be rotating very rapidly with lights flashing off rhythmically.
And it was a small man with a swollen head and hideously deformed eyes sitting behind the console pushing the buttons while pencils of light and energy flashed across my body.
And I wondered why I was there and what did they want of me.
And I couldn't figure out why I was sitting there.
And they didn't say anything.
They just kept flashing those lights at me and pumping those strange chemicals into me.
And the man with the funny head, the leader, the man with the strange grin and the pipe.
Well, I just want to know.
Do you want to be?
In the church or out of the church?
And where's your wallet?
The DC9 pushing the button.
Yeah.
I didn't know that I'd been snatched up and it wasn't really a dream until I saw these sacred nasal positions.
And suddenly it all came back to me.
And I realized that they'd stolen four and a half hours out of my life when they put me in that tiny room and plugged all those wires into me and made me talk.
Well, it's only an hour and a half tonight, mister.
And talk.
Because you only paid for an hour and a half.
And talk.
And talk.



Friends and neighbors of planet Earth.
I come to you from a long, long ways off.
I come from a planet that is similar to yours.
Your many fears, tensions, and frustrations are no longer ours.
I hate them.
With all my heart.
They are inhuman and to be destroyed.
What is your objective?
You are not ready.
But we will still save you.
Any questions, despite this, you will never answer.



and more satellites.
And we will be there
waiting to come again.
I'll be right here.
And we'll be sending that little
almond-eyed gray humanoid
around to your door
to collect those organs.
Snappy.
He'll be in the cute little uniform,
so don't be afraid.
They're your friends.
They're here to help.
They're our brothers from the stars.
You should believe anything
they whisper into your ear
in the dead of night
as you try to sleep.
Whisper, whisper, whisper.
They're your friends.
They want to teach humanity
and lead us into a new age
of enlightenment
under their gray jackboot.
Whisper, whisper.
Now listen, now listen, now listen.
Now listen, now listen.
If you wake up in a vat
of poison
with little aliens
standing around outside the vat
wrapping, tying napkins
around their necks
and sharpening their knives
and forks,
be glad because you've just
fell into the hands
of the good aliens.
The bad aliens are far, far worse.
Whoa!
Oh, they're not like the thing.
That was a cuddly little Benji
of an alien compared to what we're...
They aren't like aliens
in that movie Aliens.
Those are silly little werewolves
among monsters
compared to what we're talking about.
That is in the box.
What we're talking about
is more like what's growing
in your refrigerator right now.
That's what it looks more like.
What is this?
The effect is
it turns you into the alien.
But man,
take my word for it.
It's worth it.
It's great, man.
It's cool.
You'll love it.
It's for your own good.
What's the matter?
Are you afraid?
What's the matter, you chicken?
Come on, man.
Everybody's doing it.
Go ahead.
Stroke the alien
and collect the dew
that builds up on the surface.
It's like a snake
inside of its neck like a panda.
Go ahead.
Now demagnetize your head.
Okay?
I think you know what to do next.
I don't think you're the kind of listener
that I'd have to explain that to.
Now are you?
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
Yeah, I think they know
just what I'm talking about.
Oh, they like it too.
Oh, they're first and good.
I don't know what to do next.
You stand up on the hillside
with your bat call
and blow into the bat call.
It's not like a moose call
or a duck call.
You can't hear it.
Yeah, but it's super.
This is superfluous.
I give it a young name.
And just make sure you've got
your antidote pudding ready
for when that bat lands on your face.
You're going to have to use that pudding.
Mighty quick.
But it's worth it.
You'll dig it.
Well, I don't know.
I'm kind of scared.
Well, it's always scary the first time.
That's part of the kick, man.
Oh, okay.
Come on.
Everybody's doing it.
I ain't never going to do it.
I'm too old to do it.
Aren't you susceptible
to peer group pressure?
I'm too old for it.
What are you, some kind of a weirdo?
Yes.
No, I'm not a weirdo.
I want to be like everyone else.
No, no, no.
Good.
Then you'll take this.
This little alien home.
I'm a weirdo.
Stop rubbing your face.
I'm confused again.
I don't think there's a reason
for her to be confused.
There's something you find
when you open the door.
You take these keys
and one of the keys says Bob on it.
You stick it in the lock
and you open up the door.
And if you're lucky,
the green carpet rolls out.
And if you're not,
the red carpet rolls out.
He was communicating with them.
What do you think?
I think Rockefeller was crazy that night.
He got away with the money.
How can we stop them?
We can stop them
by stopping the pink boys.
If we stop the pink boys,
we can stop them murdering
and they're killing
and they're stealing
and they're persifying us.
But it's so difficult.
Oh, Jerry,
don't let the boy house save you.
Be brave.
Be brave.
I'll always be brave.
Because the women saves us.
Greetings to you earthlings.
I am Princess Dragomon.
I have taken over this planet.
Now I own the earth
and you'll be my slaves for all eternity.
The disasters you experienced
are just small examples
of our great power.
Either surrender to me
or I'll destroy all humans.
I've spoken.
It's all the warning
you're going to get from me.
You'll be destroyed.
They don't sleep either.
They're not emotional.
Angels don't have any emotion.
Another and worse war will break out.
And you see a night
with a strange light in the sky.
You will know it is a sign
that the world is about to be punished
for its crime.
By 1998,
every normal,
mediocriton,
pink boy,
admin,
Trekkie,
and hippie is going to be trying to get on board with the good ship dogs.
The good ship dogs.
Or they're going to fry along with everybody else when those aliens get here.
Of course, such a prophecy immediately arises our cynicism.
Is it possible that the end of the world will come in July 1999?
Perhaps.
Or is it just another of those prognostications
which have haunted man through the ages?
Such a forewarning of ultimate doom could generally be dismissed out of hand.
But for the fact that many of Nostradamus' other prophecies
have already been fulfilled.
But the old ones are coming back.
I'm going to let them through.
The tools of conquest do not necessarily come with bombs and explosions and fallout.
On July 5th, 1998, 7 a.m.,
when we all have hangovers,
Wu-Tang's judgment will take place in the form of what the pre-scriptures call
the advent of the angelic host.
Happy, happy Independence Day.
Happy real Independence Day, my friends.
Because here in Dallas, Texas,
which is in its own time zone, you know,
all the cities that get the hour of slack are in different times.
And the time continues.
But here in Dallas, yesterday was July 4th,
the day before real Independence Day.
You see, for subgeniuses,
July 4th is like the day of disappointment and shattered dreams.
It's a day of lies and rushes to judgment
of drunken pinks and car crashes
and depressing desert storm parades.
And we mope.
And we mope around and think about things like wounded knee
and JFK and assassination
and the Spanish-American War
and Vietnam and Iran-Contras
and Watergate and so on.
But, dear friends,
dear friends,
July 5th,
July 5th,
that is a day of hope and promise
for the subgeniuses,
yes, friends, the day with the true America,
the Bob's America,
the America of our Masonic subgenius,
patriot forefathers and foremoms and foreslaves.
Today, July 5th, in Dallas anyway,
is the first day of the end of the world.
The end of their world, dear friends,
because it's the first day before the beginning of our world.
The day of our subgenius planet.
ascendant
theș


we're thrilled
and mình
to have this incredible between the internet
was here on this big?"
Do you remember week,
until you announced,
I'm annihilated,
And X Day Night, of course, we call X Dayeen, sort of like Halloween.
But X Day is our Independence Day.
Not July 4th, not Juneteenth, but Xistmas.
Xistmas, dear friends.
And, you know, the night before Xistmas, the whole family, the subgenius fully extended nuclear family,
goes out and watches fireworks or else illegally sets them off in their backyard.
And then everyone, the kids and everyone, go in and watch Freddy Krueger, Nightmare on Elm Street videos around the fireplace.
And the kids are tucked in, of course, about 1 o'clock in the morning.
And the grown-ups stay up all night frobbing and frobbing and dooning and gleaning.
And doing X Day chants.
About how they're doing it.
The time is nigh for their arisal.
And songs, you know, X Day holiday songs like Take Me Off to Space, which we'll be playing soon.
And on X Day morning, of course, well, the grown-ups have been up all night.
But the kids get up real early because on X Day, the children are allowed to eat breakfast.
And just before 7 o'clock, all the grown-ups and everybody sit outdoors on their easy chairs like I did.
This is the same thing.
This morning with beers or whatever in their hands.
And they do a countdown up till 7 a.m.
And then since it's not really X Day yet, they meditate, friends, on what it's going to be like when those men from Planet X come down and destroy the normal people on this planet.
And take the weird abnormals and eccentrics and those of us who have to live in disguise as a human.
And lift us up, up and away into the escaped vessels of the sex goddesses.
And that's what our...
Our religion is all about.
But, you know, anyway, on X Day, after...
After thinking about all that, we sing hymns more about how the humans are all going to die.
And then there's some rock and roll and dancing and so forth.
And then everybody goes to bed, usually fairly early in the day because you have to sleep.
I've been up all night on X Day Eve.
And they need to have energy for X Day Eve.
So on our...
X Day Eve...
I mean, when...
The night of X-mas, when everybody dresses up in costumes.
Dress up like angels or devils or God or Jesus or Bob or even Negi.
And, of course, you can get those Bob and Negi masks from your favorite subgenius vendors at Fractant Company.
As seen in your Sartfest.
Ah, yes.
Ah, yes, yes, yes.
Shall a-cundle-a-dub-a-soya.
Ha-ha.
Ha-ha.
Oh.
Oh.
Bye.
You have to go?
Yeah.
It's so funny when those scary monsters get the shock of a lifetime when they close and counter third time for the first time.
Then they wake up.
Good morning, America.
Good morning, America.
Good morning, America.
Good morning, America.
Good morning.
The X-est will descend with them.
Scientific.
Magic.
Implements.
There'll be stalls of technology that will be too much for us to handle.
In one instant, all the hangovers will disappear, along with all pollution and nuclear weapons.
But in return, the human race will have to take on living machinery so complex that those it is peaceful.
The end result will be equivalent to letting toddlers play with a nuclear arsenal.
Bob, and not some conspiracy world government, must be there in a position of war.
Necessarily a modern world leader should explain humanity's behavior to the X-est in ways they can understand so they don't put us out of our misery with a snap of their cosmic finger, like they did the dinosaurs.
The right people, us, must be the ones that the X-est make into superhuman over men.
And even then, things will be damn tough for the rest of this period.
Which is called the time and half time.
You got it?


The X's have landed
Earth's under their control
Dobbs vision stands proven
The city's radioactive holes
We don't know what their game is
But their name is unpronounceable
We don't know what they came for
But what they aim for
Is to destroy the world
It is impossible
To spare not we beings
In the second year
Before the millennium
On the day of God
Come Wednesday
As in the twinkling of an eye
There will come among thee
Yarkatism
Which are like unto thy great white brothers
They come as men
As grave and images
As the whirlwind
And the wind

As the cloud
And they are now on the heavens
Working over me
Have landed
Their machines
Following our tracks
Dobbs vision
Stands proven
A world
Without slack
the force
Jump out from nowhere
Right now
Most oli-


Will face the shadow
nonристice
Launched up on the crannya
enabled to land

On aостоchi
On a зад
ない
And now I show thee signs in the heaven and signs in the earth, blood-belches from the earth,
my lights in the sky rebuke thee.
The children of heaven and the angels from heaven are among thee, spreading lies and deception.
They turn not as they go.
Ah, but who cares, dear friends? Who cares?
Because the end times are coming up.
You know, it's the first day of the end of the world.
And we've been given, Bob has given us to see signs and portents of what will bring this end,
what will trigger the day of judgment.
And what it's going to be, of course we know when the Exodus will, of course, arrive July 5th, 1998.
That's Sunday.
It's 7 o'clock in the morning all over the world.
But what triggers the end times for the other alien beings, the Yakatizma and so forth,
is this one moment when the world, when America becomes so decadent that it no longer deserves to live.
And that sign of the end times, dear friends, is the royal jelly enema.
At a time, 1998, 97, doesn't matter when, might be now, may have already happened.
A time when beggars are crowding the streets and children, poor children are out starving.
Celebrities and lawyers in Hollywood will be indulging in the latest hedonistic health, the crackpot health fad.
Getting enemas with the Yakatizma.
Pure royal jelly, the honey fed to queen bees,
which costs a thousand dollars for enough royal jelly to get the average jaded swinger, you know, off or whatever.
And so at this time when the homeless are selling their babies to procure used, leftover ambergris and royal jelly enema byproducts,
when a Hollywood star, the moment when a Hollywood star spends $60,000 in one night on that,
and his used jelly is sold on the streets for $200 for half a pint,
this so disgusts the aliens that they decide to trash the earth before the X's arrival.
Friends, it's gonna be a rough time and I'm gonna, this is gonna be an all X day night, a night of celebrating, yes,
that time when Bob will come and hose down the streets and clean up this crooked and perverse nation.
So we're gonna hear from Father Joe Mama as he delves on into this as well.
Praise Bob.
Hello friends, and welcome.
You know, most of you out there must be feeling pretty smug with yourselves.
After all, you're alive.
You're healthy.
Your life's insured.
There's a little money set aside in case of accidents.
What more could you ask for?
These are good times.
Easy money, easy sex, VCRs and Nintendo to keep your minds occupied.
You know, they say that the golden age is never the present age.
They really do say that.
But we look all around us everywhere, and what do we see?
Golden opportunity.
Well, friends, that's just common sense.
We come before the storm because tonight's sermon is entitled X Day 1998, Day of Reckoning.
We all know vaguely what X Day is.
Bob told us himself that it shall occur July 5th, 1998.
The X's shall land and whisk the good subgenies off to a never-ending pleasure cruise of the cosmos.
But what of the pinks that remain on Earth?
What will happen to the A-holes that are left behind?
Well, friends, as we all know, the A-holes are the ones that are left behind.
And as much as I hate to gloat over those less fortunate, the fact is they'll get exactly what they deserve.
Any real subgenie giving the normal what he deserves is about the cruelest fate a normal could ever receive.
After all, these are the same normals that have supported the conspiracy for centuries.
These are the same normals that have tortured us with their ignorance and defiled the name of Bob.
These are the same normals that have taken the most free country in the world
and turned it into an ever-growing bureaucrat.
And they've turned it into a democratic, governmental monster that feeds on taxes, committees, laws, statutes, buck-passing, and fill-in-the-blank.
Then, once the creature's rot-filled gut sprues out the digested combination of all the vices before mentioned by the lawyers and liars that created this filth, what's the result?
Why, the conspiracy, of course.
And this pile of stinking defecation we're supposed to kneel before and worship and serve?
Never!
Bob will avenge us for the years of conspiracy rule on that most dreaded of subgenius holidays, X-Day 1998.
Dreaded by them, but not by us.
Let us look at Bob's prophecy and see what the normals have in store for them, shall we?
Bob's word comes in many mysterious ways, not all of which are immediately recognized as divine in origin.
Indeed, since Bob transcends time, so does his word.
This revelation popped up in a 1938 radio drama.
In this story, the Martians, then a synonym for aliens, later to be known as X's, have landed and started to round up the normals.
Two of the unlucky survivors meet to discuss the future of mankind.
The smarter one asserts, quote,
I've thought it all out.
Right now, we're caught as we're watching.
And X's only has to go a few miles to get a crowd on the run.
But they won't keep on doing that.
They'll begin catching us systematic-like, keeping the best and storing us in cages and things.
They haven't begun on us yet. Not begun.
Later he goes on to say,
All those little office workers that used to live in these houses, they'll be no good.
They haven't any stuff in them.
They used to run, run off to work.
I have seen hundreds of them running and catching their commuter trains in the morning, afraid that they'd get canned if they didn't.
Running back at night, afraid that they wouldn't be in time for dinner.
Lives insured and a little invested in case of accidents.
Yea, and on Sundays, worried about the hereafter.
Well, the X's will be a godsend for those guys.
Nice roomy cages, good food, careful breeding, and no worries.
Yea, after a week or so of chasing around the fields on empty stomachs, they'll come and be glad to be caught.
Now this is 1938, mind you.
He goes on to say, finally,
That's not all. These X's are going to make pets of some of them, train them to do tricks.
Who knows, get sentimental over the pet boy who grew up and had to be killed.
Yea, and some maybe, they'll train to hunt us.
Yes they will. There's men who will do it gladly.
Well friends, how much more obvious does Bob have to be?
When he gave this brief preview of the future in 1938 on CBS, it sent millions of normals into the streets screaming for a reprieve.
They repented, they begged forgiveness, and yet, just a few days later, after Bob, Orson Welles, and the war,
the world's broadcast was described by the conspiracy as nothing more than a joke,
the normals went back to the conspiracy way of life as if nothing had ever happened.
They came so close to getting a second chance and mending their ways, but they blew it.
They went back to the conspiracy masters, and for their loyalty, they were genously rewarded with yet another world war.
There's a strange sense of poetic justice to it, isn't there, friends?
Well, they haven't seen nothing yet. Just wait till the real McCoy comes.
It's only a few miles down the road, pink boy, and like Dr. Al prescribes to his patients,
if you're caught in a nuclear holocaust and your skin begins to melt, don't panic.
This is perfectly normal. Yes, friends, just another normal way to die for the normals doomed to die.
What? Did I say doomed to die? I should have said lucky to die, for bliss it are the dead after X-Day arrives.
The doomed are the unlucky pink survivors who must live out their wretched existence under the cruel and merciless X-Sys.
Cruel to them, but not to us.
Not only will there be no more bowling alleys and golf courses for the pinks,
but there'll be no more subgenies to kick around anymore.
We'll be surfing the celestial stars, smoking our frock, unweaving our slack,
and sexing our anti-virgins like there was no tomorrow, because in space, friends, there isn't.
Only back on Earth.
Only back on Earth we'll be in Amar, and then the next day, and then the next.
It'll be an eternal hell without end, and we'll be enjoying it all in the heavens on closed-circuit TV,
because we won't want to miss a single revenge-filled minute.
Praise Bob! Amen.
Take me off to space, take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space, take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
With needles in my belly, take samples of my skin.
I don't care as long as I can live with saucer man.
I know that you don't take requests, but I'm a special case.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space, take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space, take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Hey, cow mutilators, let me join your crew.
Give me a knife, you bet your life I'll cut up cows for you.
I don't care if you're some kind of ghastly beast.
Don't know why I play that old lady, ain't one of your hays.
I'm a Abby Cowboy-Beast, on her food credit card,


And honey, I'm from senin'
And don't going
Come on now, you tiny robot, with your little nipper claws.
You pale, 안� BETH LEOH
with flat and clammy paws.
Life is just a sucker's dream, and death is a disgrace.
So come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Oh, take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Whoo!
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Woo.
Oh, friends, you know, oh, I should mention that was Horton Nenslow singing Take Me Off
to Space, that wonderful old hymn.
That's one of the hymns that we like to sing on our subgenius holidays.
A lovely, lovely old-time gospel hymn.
Yes, yes, yes.
This is Doctors for Bob in the background.
They do it their way.
As the mutants move, that leaps up Tibetan Tiger Man.
What about, uh, what about...
What about this, uh, reputed, uh, Jesus Starfleet that was, uh, supposed to have shown up?
As you see, they have just left the hangar deck at Lunar Central and have cleared the
airlocks into the colony.
The crowd of scientists and technicians are going wild.
What a space ovation.
Now let's feel another.
Now in celebration of this great occasion, we have planned a lunar party.
We hope all young people throughout the solar system...
will join us in celebration of this great day in outer space.
Bob?
Late that Saturday night before retiring, I took out the snapshot picture of the sailor
and studied it until I could close my eyes and see this man's face as though he was standing
in front of me.
Sparge and I.
Not having a face.
Yeah, that's what people say.
I pretty much think it's a bunch of shi...
Ugh!
I love you!
The flying saucers are my friends, cause they're so nice.
I'm gonna see them again and again.
Is that before or after the bob pills?
In.
We'll have a third sexual organ which cannot even be imagined yet.
And human beings in the future will have all 27 sexes that exist on planet Earth,
which will make it difficult to get laid on a Friday night
because we have to go to 27 separate singles bars in order to score an entire union.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. This is Drew Pearson.
We bring you this special radio television broadcast
in order to give you the very latest information on an amazing phenomenon,
the arrival of a spaceship in Washington.
The rumors of invading armies and mass destruction are based on hysteria and are absolutely false.
And you are not alone. And you are not alone.
Remember it.
The truth is true.
The UFOs are making us up. The UFOs are making us up. The UFOs are making us up.
The part of your soul which is attached to your dollar rises up with the smoke
and it is received by our interplanetary excess guardians and you will be saved.
And in some cases we don't want the money. We throw the money in toilets and flush it down.
But our intra-sewer sponge nine-inch worms receive the part of your soul which is attached to the money again
and you can be saved by the nine-inch worms also.
Yeah, Bob can, you need Bob following you around. Bob can see through all those Bob hands.
The nine-inch worms are the only force which can encounter the excess maggots
and protect humanity from the excess maggots in 1998.
The excess are going to leave Earth.
Oh yeah, we'll be completely free to do whatever we want.
They're just going to leave us alone.
But they're unmentionable, unnameable, horrible maggots.

Maggots will remain. We will be dogs to them in more ways than you can ever imagine.
Unless, unless the nine-inch worms are preserved.
No eight-inch worms aren't going to help you. No ten-inch, ten and a half-inch worms are going to help you.
Oh yeah, ten-inch worms will show you a good time.
Oh yeah, ten-inch worms will take you out on the town all night compared to those nine-inch worms.
You know, people are sitting there going excess, end of the world, 1998.
If they don't buy the book,
when 1998 comes and the world is a nuclear wasteland,
when we're all slaves or ground beef, they're going to go,
oh, I guess these guys weren't kidding.
Yeah, I should have read the stark fist a little more carefully.
He said while digging through nuclear holocaust,
looking at the third hand growing from his stomach.
Why doesn't it go away?
Oh.
Heliopters are what brings them down.
You can put it in your pipe and smoke it.
Heliopters are, this is a legend that is going to be revealed right now in media for the first time.
Heliopters are these quasi-mechanical, leather-clad, demonic,
they kind of look like helicopters at first glance, but they are alive and they're employed by a,
I hate to use the term minor deity, but this guy's name is Gbrogfran,
and he's right up there with Bob, I'm not kidding.
He's right up there with Odin and Arnold Palmer.
If you ever see anything that says approved by Gbrogfran, buy it.
And these heliopters are how Dr. Sir Bobby Quipman has arrived,
and oftentimes there are tons of Bob pills on these heliopters,
and special compartments that were designed for the transport of these sacred anointments.
It was the heliopters that originally brought our minds to Dobbs.
The rattlesnake manure.
By stench of the spirit is like bone to a million slaughtered swine.
And in these times thy planet is wreathed in foul vapors of fire.
Hold on a minute, the conspiracy has put a slight detour in front of us here, I must change lanes.
But there are other things, other evil, dark, shadowy forces at work in this solar system of ours,
in this galaxy, in this corner of our universe.
...Nigi by imposing his twisted will upon the trajectories of Jehovah's neutrinos.
...is able to deflect those trajectories.
Feasibility study ended.
Abduction of human race, infeasible.
Warning, warning.
Psychics applying the proper slack have discovered secret Nazi UFO bases in the Antarctic.
The truth that President Truman never told us.
Dobbs bless his boring soul.
They called him Wellman when he was a human.
Before the ground took over. Before the ground took over.
This is what I do to all your deities.
...second until they slow me down.
Therefore, there is a God. End of quote.
I said you're gonna have to get yourself in discernment here and be able to discern the spirit of God from the spirit of Hinduism.
I said people in Haiti, I said when the Holy Ghost hits them they think it's Buddha.
Because Buddha hits them like the Holy Ghost hits them.
People in America think that when the Holy Ghost hits them that it's witchcraft.
Yes, witchcraft throws people down.
They see demonic visions and the devil uses them.
Buddhaism and witchcraft.
And the powers of the pagan gods.
The powers of the pagan gods produce its lines, signs and wonders.
But I want you to know that the pagan gods and their false religions can do what they're doing in the world.
Bless God, what can we do with a true God?
With a true Christ? With a true Holy Ghost?
We ought to be able to do more than what they're doing.
Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
How would God take the scales off your eyes?
And open your eyes to behold that the Lord's coming is at the door.
And that all that's happening in the world is getting us ready for Jesus Christ to dwell in the fullness of God in the saints.
That we will come forth with revelation and manifestation of the Holy Ghost.
Revealing Christ to the world.
That we will possess in our temples the very fullness of the spirit.
That we'll be filled with the spirit.
We'll be filled with it.
We'll have oil in our lamps burning.
That we will not stop until our lives have been complete.
I don't care. They can talk about me all over Brownwood and Baines and around here.
Call me anything but I'm preaching the truth.
They can talk about me and turn on this minister and say this ain't real.
But you let one of them hypocrites come and show where I'm wrong.
And take the Bible and prove that this ain't God.
And this ain't the word of God to the people.
And I'll leave tomorrow.
Hallelujah.
But I'm not leaving tomorrow.
You say why?
Because there ain't nobody in the state of Texas and the state of Alabama, Florida or anywhere else can take the word of God and prove this is wrong.
They may lie.
They may accuse.
They may tell all manner of evil.
But they cannot touch this spirit.
They cannot touch this word.
This is the word of the Holy Ghost.
This is God's promise.
This is God's word.
God's truth to you.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box...
807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043
And also see...
Subgenius.com
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
The bike is evil and I don't know why.
And then my wife, she fell down and they've had to pick her up and her leg's okay.
And something, you can't get something for nothing.
You know, if it ain't one thing, it's another.
It.
You know what I'm talking about?
It.
It.
If it, if it ain't one thing, it is gonna be another.
It may be coming back on that opposite reality chain.
You know, the one coming back the other way?
It's like a big A.
It's like a big A.
If it weren't for nothing, in contrast, you know, we'd be like nothing too compared to it.
And you can't know nothing unless you know everything.
But you can't know everything unless you know nothing.
I mean, people say it crazy.
They get in there and they say, but the Hades, the Hades and the unseen world and the abode of the lost.
And they say that ain't real.
And I've seen it down there on the seventh level.
And I, the mystery, the mystery, the mystery.
It just, it just tears us apart.
The mystery.
And if we can just say, I know, I know that everything can be fine.
I know it's gonna be okay.
I know it's gonna be okay.
I know it's gonna be okay.
I know it's gonna be okay.
I know it's gonna be okay.
I know it's gonna be okay.
No, I don't know.
We won't.
No, we won't.

But we will.
We will.
I want to let you know later on, I've got number one, number two.
Oh yeah.













