Good evening fellow necro-mediacs. I'm glad so many of you could come.
I'm Harvey Mews, ladies and gentlemen.
Please introduce me, I'm Harvey Mews.
I'm a little creep.
I want to be a friend of mine.
I'm sorry, good friend of mine.
I don't know why I'm here.
I don't know.
I don't know why.
What was your name, sir?
You got a beast away from me.
I'll kick his head.
It's chaotic.
It's chaotic.
It's chaotic.
cynic
corpses
bruised
bruised
bruised
bruised
bruised
vulloy
full of
Bah yun
ah
Oh mah
A boy
who's
coming
This is the basic closed loop control input by opposition to open loop for which the pursued
objective is to get a given deflection and generally a maximum deflection.
In order to obtain the desired outcome of the aircraft motion.
Do you fucking understand me, you fucking piece of shit?
But let's leave things of this world behind and walk now down the path of Bob for this
brief minute of slack from the church of the subgenius.
Oh yes, dear friends, this is Reverend Ivan Stang.
Hey, you know those policemen on motorcycles won't let me preach on car hoods downtown
because they think I'm a crazy man or a drunk man.
And there's no such thing as a crazy man.

There's no reason to arrest me, yet they would.
Because I'm free, free, free enough to rant to myself in public because I come against
death, taxes, work, and premature immaculation.
For Bob, your mind, friend, your mind has to be certified okay by them.
Them!
Them, and oh we hate them.
They and their tools of iniquity.
Not the tools of the preacher, not the tongue nor the other parts, nay, but tools of false
slack dangled forever in front of you.
You like that raise right around the corner or like that rat swimming in poison cheese.
Let there be slack.
I'm going to Godstown, Godstown.
Here I come.
I'm going to Godstown, Godstown.





Here I come.
They got some crazy little Godsheds.
There ain't nothing gonna get me one.
Why did you let your daughter dream of going on this mad moon journey?
Because I love her and I wanted to live to the best effect.
Dragging out life to the last possible second is not living to the best effect.
The best of life is to live to the best effect.


The best of life, password, lies nearest to the edge of death.
Our fathers and our fathers' fathers cleaned up the old order of things because it killed
children.
It killed those who were unprepared for death.
Because it tormented people in vain.
Because it outraced human pride and dignity.
Because it was an ugly spectacle of waste.
But that was only a beginning.
There's nothing wrong in suffering if you suffer for a purpose.
Our revolution didn't abolish danger or death.
It simply made danger and death worthwhile.
We must hold this crowd back at any cost for a time until the gas of peace is ready.
I think you've done toilet on your floor.
A great законish state of things will never be passed by you any more.

Don't letter this псuh out, it'd be a



begr least get a marking.
disagree with Chairman Bob. I do agree with Chairman Bob that Chairman Bob can't be working.
I recall that Chairman Bob went that route, right? Right. I think the thing, the thing,
the thing, and I think some, and I think in essence that Chairman Bob can't be working
while they're type alive to investors. We've viewed and so forth, but how to close down
the law. But now, one final question, if I could.
Anybody on the panel who'd want to address Chairman Bob?
No. No. Okay.
Who's responsible for all of this?




Whoever's rolling water, that said.
No, this other guy buries me in the沒 preposterous not in part because I didn't have
Ah, yes, dear friends, some wonderful edits and credits by the great Fernanda Nande-Lemur.
Except for the very last one, which was from Dr. Mr. Sister here in Cleveland.
Yes, aside from that, all the rest was by the great Fernanda Nande-Lemur.
All those cut-ups, anyway.
Our title tune, The Hour of Slack Mix, is by El Queso All-Stars.
And the very opening was by Heart Ignition. More from him soon.
But first, this fantabulous rant by the old-time Dr. Dr. Dinosaur.
Dr. Dinosaur.
Dr. Dinosaur.
Dr. Dinosaur.
What kind of savior do you want?
You want something exciting in a deified being?
Or do you want a completely predetermined cosmology
with static and stable and sedentary gods hanging off of it
like apples still stuck on a tree in January?
Are you looking to get carried away on that sweet chariot?
Or are you afraid that there won't be any difference between it
and the boxcars that will unload at the gates of the Eternal Concentration Camp?
Will you settle for a holy order that's all order?
Or are you hankering for a chance to put in a few licks yourself
in the timeless struggle between good and evil?
Unless you're ready to let your soul roll over and die
before it's even had a chance to prove itself on the field of holy battle,
it seems to me that you might want to think about making a choice.
Are you going to throw in with the likes of Satan
when you know that you're going to have to make a choice?
Or are you going to throw in with the likes of Satan

You know from the book that he loses in the end?
We may pull the wool over our own eyes,
but that doesn't mean we're stupid.
We may go in for the underdog,
but we don't place no bets after the cards have been shown.
And even though he wins just before the credits roll,
credits with only his name on them, by the way,
are you going to sign up for the Yahweh team when you know the outcome?
Hell, everybody likes to win,
but only after they get to play the game.
You can turn a buck betting on a sure thing,
but where's the slack in that?
Now we got the fighting Jesus,
that hardcore three-nailed money-changer-ass-kicking Aramaic rowdy,
and that's fun for a while.
But he ends up selling your account to Yahweh,
and you still get shortchanged on the action and thrills you crave in a belief system.
Well, kids, I think you know what the answer is.
The answer is the ever-widening smoke ring around J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Yes, only Dobbs, among all the modern mythological madmen,
represents the uncertainty, the dramatic tension,
the screaming scary monster movie mayhem
that keeps your heart a-thumping and your blood a-pumping
while you sit on the edge of your pew
waiting to find out how this movie turns out.
Where do the big spenders, the high rollers, make their fortunes?
Do they toss their bankrolls into long-term IRAs and deposit certificates and play it safe?
Hell no!
They dare to risk it and play the market.
And that's the kind of savior Bob is, children.
Bob is the Wall Street savior.
We may know the saucers are coming, but we don't know what the outcome will be.
We know Bob can cut deals with human guns,
and he can take the money from governments and overlords and Illuminati
and rake in the cash from that.
But we don't know yet whether he'll be able to close the deal
that will keep the X's from just plowing us all under as a bad crop.
We don't know if we'll ride the saucers as exalted examples of Yeti evolution
or as fertilizer for some planet where they intend to try again.
If you want true adventure in your eternal future,
you have to be a good man.
If you want a little havoc with your heaven,
if you can stand a little mystification in your destiny,
then there's only one personal savior that will satisfy your soul's fighting spirit.
And that is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Dr. Dinosaur, dear friends, in a classic old-timey rant.
And now, Zoot's Rift.
It is time.

It is about to begin.
Take care,eles, recent memories.
It's about to begin.
Take care of yourselves.
Decide when it begins.
I have been blessed to grow into a powerful being.
hell files
and found a list with names
a mile long
and saw you and you
and you and you
and even you
let me close my eyes
please don't make me watch
Satan masturbate
he's a hungry clown and I don't want
to see all his dirty deeds
oh my god
oh why did those assholes
at the employment agency
give me this job cleaning up this office
oh why
somebody tell me already
was this the best they could do on such short notice
am I being punished for overeating
and using too many cuss words
or is it for sounding too much
like some pale cheap imitation
of Captain Beatheart
or am I too much like Frank Zappa
am I being punished for not cutting enough
people off on the freeway
or for answering my phone messages
oh why god oh why
did those assholes at the employment agency
put me here where I don't belong
where they could have gotten me a job
selling hot dogs instead of idiots at Disneyland
were they afraid
that pretty old lady
would buy a red shirt
did they suspect that I might urinate
through the cosmos at the top of Space Mountain
oh why god oh why
did those assholes at the employment agency
inform me early about the hatred
cause I would have worn my fat man's
pajamas with the air condition
back in their ear

I'm going to be in a minute this can't be what
you're dead
be cool dude that's right
I'm dead I'm dead
because you killed me a soon drift
because you and your slug musician friends
beat me up and killed me
oh man don't I have enough problems
what is it you want oh great spirit
you want to complain to me that you're in hell I suppose
that you're dead and have gone straight to fucking hell
for driving like a fucking idiot on the freeway
giving me the wrong change and jacking the box
playing that heavy metal shit on your stereo
at 3.30 in the morning when we're all trying to sleep
sending me junk mail
trying to entice me into wasting my money
on boring inane magazines
charged with the old man's money

over a thousand dollars at the Chevron station
for preventive maintenance
while all the while deliberately destroying my car
no way dude
for going through life talking like a blabbering
snobbering idiot
driving your van to the beach during spring break
with a sign painted on the side that says
show us your teeth
no I said no
soups rants
they didn't even hold it against me
for being a booker
in several Los Angeles rock clubs
or for getting all the pussy while guys like John Truby
were stuck with their shit jobs
at the hardware stores
well then what are you talking about then
I'm in heaven to drift
that's right you killed me
and I went to heaven
glorious beautiful heaven
but you soups drift
it's you that are in hell
you fucked up
me
you're not
you're not
you're not
you're not
yes
yes
yes





yes
yes
yes
you're in hell
and now
1930 women
a toxic
I please
I need a fucking prize
out of that
I do get racism
I can parliament

my mouth lick diyorum

that seems to be all the way out the world
Zug's Rift.
Ah, yes.
Ah, friends, and let's change the tone now
and go back to WCSB Cleveland's Thursday night show,
ESO Swamp Radio,
with Professor Chaz Smith,
Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
and us.
Me and we!
Mommy!
Daddy!
And another sound.
And the attic lock melted.
Mink.
Mink with bright little eyes and tousled hair
peered inside.
And behind...
Bang!
Toree wavering blue lives.
Frightful show.
Darling stand.
Ahh!
Mad您ḥ
て
And then...
The Redacted Shed saw the long line of celebrants
making their way to the top of the Temple Mount.
And they were putting saffron yurts on their shaven heads
and their one good eye pointed firmly above their master eyes.
They chouched forwards.
Some were bleeding on their feet.
Some were bleeding at the ears from the rent in the main room
and they were being forced to hear.
Some's navels were smiling, yet austere, yet abstruse smiling
reserved for the few who knew their fate.
My ears are bleeding!
And they just keep trudging.
Looks real good from that shot up in the hills there.
Is that a dolly shot or is that a... what is that?
Just turn around.
Hey man, you're not supposed to show your watches.
1392, people don't wear watches in 1392.
The time is 13-0-13.
Do you know where your smell dawn dwells?
That's time.
Can you feel your brain yet?
Time.
Are your breasts as ripe as the milkmaids dancing through the forest glen?
Are you enslaved to time?
I'm handcuffed by your wristwatch.
Is your lust for material finishing, say some more?
Do you have a streeevely long funny looking forefinger?
They don't blow their loads in the last minute before the CD is formatted.
I'm alone!
Two minutes takes forever when you're waiting for it.
I feel it!
I blew it!
I blew it!
I once had the skin of a smiling little simian boy like you.
Yes, grand.
I like that new skin you're wearing tonight.
Oh, it is very, very, very luxurious to be wearing it.
What is that, like about 55 year old female?
Yes, yes, a kangaroo is the bottom part and the top part is...
A female.
A Corinthian kangaroo.
It's only a 55 year old female skin you've got on?
This is very supple still. Feel it.
No wonder you look so young.
Ooh, you feel young, don't you?
Very supple. She was a beautiful dancer.
She died from an ergot overdose.
We transported her to the Middle Ages to enlighten her somehow,
and yet she became involved in the celebrations when she came back.
Where did you download that skin at?
Arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...
EdmundG.com skins for all your fancy new Internet programs.
Arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...
Just as sure as sugar is sweet.
Just as sure as you walk on your feet.
Just as sure as we'll all be dead.
Something's gonna crumble in your head.
Poop Dog will pee and Pee Dog will poop.
And out of my hose will come horrible goop.
One by one they shall die.
Two by two all false smy.
He did sin, Lake of Fire, for he used the name J.R.!
Behold, the day of Bob is at hand, and he shall come like a salesman in the night.
Give up hope.
Bob's no crutch.
Here comes Negi.
Here comes Butch.
Dressed as Bulgarian woman, and look at the fascinating necklace they are wearing.
Oh, there is the flute player, Sonia Hadjijov.
Sonia, could you step closer to the microphone?
What is the name of the flute you are playing in the Bulgarian Woman Orchestra?
It's called the Jelette Kukukukutul.
The Jelette Kukukukutul.
And it looks like you can also shave your legs or any other hairy part of your body.
You are absolutely right. Yes, it's a very rare instrument.
I notice very many of the female singers have very, very hairy moustaches, which must be taken care of on regular basis.
Yes, isn't that a nice coincidence?
So you can whistle through your nose and rip off your flesh in one very smooth...
I'm glad to be talking about the different orifices of whistling,
because, you know, that can get kind of personal.
That's why the girl did the high notes so easy, because she had been shaving her fuzzy...
Oh, if only I could reach the high minutes...
Of time.
The high hours...
Of time.
The high days, the high weeks, the peaks of time.
Why cannot we skip from the peaks of one time to another?
Are there fifths?
Skip over the boring parts.
And the weeks of a day of a week.
Or the painful parts.
The active parts, indeed.
Monday we will call C.
Time is a waveform, is it not?
The Monday after we will call C.
Can we not skip across the tops of the waves?
Can we not?
By passing the long trip down?
Like luscious milkmaids on surfboards, can't we?
Now what about the fact that in engineering terminology, the element of stress is measured in moments?
Stress is measured in moments, but...
Stress is measured in moments, yes.
Yes.
Slack, however, is measured in drummonds and dobsons.
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Is time a particle or a wave?
I am going to move with that system.
It's both.
Maybe time is a particle, not a wave at all.
Well, if that's the case, dude, we are screwed.
Well, do you know how long it takes to...
We might as well just give up.
Can you track the path of an electron, a proton, or a neutron?
If you were to get into quantum physics...
Because that would mean for every atom there is in this universe, there's another universe.
There is.
That's quantum, baby.
There's another universe waiting.
It's the flip side.
It's the B side of every universe has a continuous flip team.
Just as big as this one.
Just as valid.
Just as...
Oh, some are smaller, though, James.
Alive.
Don't discount the entropy factor.
Some are much smaller.
Some have sharp DNA.
Hey, I saw an ad in the scene, in the back pages of it.
It said...
This didn't make sense to me.
Doesn't make sense.
Sex-starved escorts.
This don't make no kind of sense at all.
Only women.
If an escort is sex-starved, what does she look like?
I mean, shouldn't an escort be like getting sex all the time?
Now, you know, Chaz, I've been reading entertainment weeklies for a long time, and from what I've
learned from those is that there are a lot of beautiful women who are completely lonely.
I guess all the guys think that they're getting tons of dates, and no one ever calls them.
They're the ones who are waiting for your call right now.
That's right.
At Char-Zucana?
At 1-900-1.
Yes.
They're waiting.
At 888-669-2323.
Exactly.
And you can...
Actually, there is a beautiful, live, naked woman waiting for your call.
A free call at 888-669-2323.
But don't you remember every time you call her, she hands the phone to a sweaty stevedore
named Bill, and the rest of the evening is pure hell.
You know, the funny thing is...
The funny thing is I just gave out the number of Jesus.
And actually, it's Mary Magdalene is the beautiful, naked woman that we're going to pick up the

Well, we know that Our Lord and Mary Magdalene were fond of fuzzing the fur, as they used
to say in Judea in the old age.
And I think you might interrupt them at a tragic moment if you call that number.
And what is that number again to call them at a tragic moment?
888-669-2323.
You know, they're going to be going, damn, that sang gave her number out over the radio,
and two people called up.
Call it any time.
Call now.
It's like 4 in the morning in Bulgaria where they are, the new foundation headquarters.
Well, we just interviewed one of the whistling women of the Bulgarian chorus, and she actually
played a little Gillette shaver.
And she could shave her mustache to hit the high notes.
And here's a type of her now.
Isn't that funny?
Now, look at that incredible headdress she's wearing.
You know, it's amazing how Europeans sometimes resemble like tribal cultures, I'd say, in
South America.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Are those real feathers or are those someone else's under...
Well, they're a certain kind of a feather that is a part fur and then the other part
is feather.
As I look now, I can see that these are actually bark-stained underpants that you have...
Under things.
Things crawling beneath the surface.
How in the world could you have ever seen my under?
My unders are under all of my skirts.
How in the...
Do you have x-ray vision?
Under things.
Under the mind.
Oh, Hans.
Submental.
You look...
Subgenius, in fact.
So lovely to find.
Subtemporal.
And what shall we do with old man time who keeps dragging us along with his fitful pace?
Take the toilet plunger and plunge it in his eyes.
Where is time control?
How can we skip away from this poor boring now and leap, leap ahead, back on the road?

Or back, yes, back, why not?
Yes, it's the 99%, isn't it?
That one little tenth of a thousandth of a millionth of a percent that makes you less
than human.
Isn't that what it is?
And as you climb in the door there, you think you'll be saying goodbye to this earth.
But no, no, you'll come back again.
You'll come back again.
Oh, it's not enough to smash your watch.
It's not enough to buy every new clock that will be on the subgenius catalog soon.
No.
No.

Just to prove your independence from time, your rebellion against God time.
The evil time god.
You know, it's all for the time being, they say.
That cruel taskmaster of the sky with a long white beard made of time pieces.
The tick.
The tick.
The tick.
The tick.




The tick.
The time being.
And we must bring down the time being.
The time ass pirate.
Ah, Framzee is not a tick, a parasite.
And the acid queen.
Parasite and an ass pirate.
Who is the acid queen now that Princess Di isn't giving money to hookers anymore?
I thought it was Laura Bunchkake.
Did you hear that story?
Did you read about that?
About Laura?
Yes.
A Plutonian man told these...
A Plutonian man?
We'll all be drinking.
Princess Di used to have men snuck in, in the trunk of cars.
And she also used to go out in the middle of the night.
This is true.
She used to go out in the middle of the night and drive around and give money to hookers.
Really?
Yeah, to help them out.
Did they have the favors to perform for her?
No.
Go home.
Go buy some shoes.
Go buy a coat.
You don't need this.
She was a true princess.
It was because they were competition.
I loved this thing much.
I'd sit a week in Onyx Corner for like nine hours at a time.
She made a deal with the aliens and then she didn't pay it off.
Very, very cold.
Especially with February birds.
She was a great person, but she didn't pay off her deal with the aliens and they came
and got her.
She'd come by and maybe rip off a quid or two and I'd be back home with me honey in
a very, very short time.
Look, when you signed that paper with the acid queen...
I loved her.
You got to follow through.
I mean, she was queenly.
In her own sick, unbearable state.



She's a very demented way.
Go ahead, man.
Bring it up.
Bring it all the way up.
Bring all of them up on all screens.
Go ahead.
I dare you to see what you're looking at.
Go ahead.
No, no.
Don't use that third eye.
Close that third eye.
Quick.
No gypsy acid queens.
I'm getting the hell out of here.
Wild and masculine.
Space man, oh space man.
Come rescue me.
Come rescue me.
It's time to become a psychedelic hologram as we blast through the universe.









Wearing no clothes and tiny little pebbles of flowers.
Look at all the things you look like frogs.
Now, free, free, free again.
I'm surfing with the aliens.
I'm setting my chromosomes, baby.
I'm getting out of this earthly humanly garb.
This only costs 30 bucks.
What a deal.
What a ride, ladies and gentlemen, we're having here.
We're going to the moon.


We're in the genealogy room as we all look out the open port hole and check on our charts
to see where we came from and where we're going to.
I really don't want to know where that character came from.
Some of you don't want to know the character, but you're going to have to drop your chromosomes
in the other room.
All of time is just soaring so fast.
This room is boring.
Hold it backwards.
Wheel of time.
The ball and chain of the chronometer shall no longer anchor us to temporal reality.
I'm not a genius.









Iron Man, no ass pirates and no blood sucking parasites like the time being.
Read us for $30.
It's free for $30.
Dave, do you remember the ass pirate song?
Yar har, yar har, yar har.
We've been sailing oh so far.
The acid pirates?
I'm looking for some chunky rump to set me nose on fire.
We'll throw the clankers over and drag the bitch aboard.
We'll sniffer and we'll piffer and we'll...
Old Peg Leg Dick, they called him Peg Dick Leg.
Do you remember Ruby the Dyke Queen?
You may mean the pervert pirate.
It's no bigger threat for them having admitted it
than for them having admitted it
and not for them having admitted it.
But I would hope that in context of the recent admission
in which they've admitted that they admitted it,
they've admitted it, but they did in fact admit it,
it could be an important lesson
by something that's really not very useful.
wusapup!
Oh boy.
Rude population
De- Pap remind me,
and I need to update that.
We're apolog Gavin's name right on time,


Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I use a program for income tax and for morality.
You use a program?
I have a computer program that dictates morality and ethics for me.
As it does your taxes at the same time?
No, they're different.
They are linked, though, by a fashionable poo-poo stick.
But they are linked indeed.
They're linked by the thing longer.
They are linked by a fascist evolutionary style statement lingering somewhere in your medulla.
The sin of my Bob dangles and ever towards the center of the earth.
Cinema Bob?
That's how you know where gravity goes, is where Bob's thing is pointing.
Yes, it's one of the best ways of finding out, too.
It's within like a fraction of a microcosmic second.
It's been determined by Greenwich.
I mean, at least.
It's the plumb Bob upon which is hung all gravitational measurements.
The prior original plumb Bob of Wiener Plumbing.
The plumbed Emma Bob.
The shadow from the buttock also.
It's the mad Bob.
It's incidental time.
Just sit a reel of Greenwich.
The plumbed Emma Bob.
The plumbed hair Bob.
Hair Bob.
Have we said all we can about his abilities?
Well, you know, it's fairly flexible, I think.
You know where to put the cork.
Yeah.
You know where to put the cork.
You've been doing your yoga lately, haven't you?
Yeah.
They say the days don't move and that there's no such thing as time.
But reflecting on the hours gone by, I know that once you were mine,
then something happened that I just didn't see.
That something took you away.
I never thought that it would ever come to be that I'm back in dismay.
I never thought that it would ever come to be that I'm back in dismay.
But now I know.
I'm here and I'm standing alone without you.
Wondering where I went wrong.
I don't want to live without you.
Seems like it's taken so long
for me to gather up the words I want to say.
I need you with me, it's true.
There doesn't seem to be any real way that I can ever come through for you.
Let서,ounce and be broken.


Hey, where's the
baby?
Kiss me.
Uh,
oh,
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
You shall have as much meat as you want.
portable car engine
'm sorry






What the devil is going on, Chrissy?
They're dressed like little girls!
You are a sucker!
And you listen to me, and you listen to me good.
The time has come.
It is now or never.
Thou shalt not listen to rock and roll music.
Thou shalt not masturbate.
Thou shalt not fornicate.
Would that, uh, would that appeal to you?
Would that, uh, would that appeal to you?
Would that, uh, would that appeal to you?
Would that, uh, would that appeal to you?
The time has come.
A reckoning time.
A time when all the mighty buildings shall be shattered and splintered and split.
When the world's bellies will broke.
When America will be put to the fire.
And tested in the new revelation.
This is the end of today's lesson.
You know we live in a world where we want instant gratification.
And there are all kinds of schemes out there.
And we are desperate.
We are hungry.
And we are thirsty for something that we can't eat.
And we give us what we want.
It's the process of terminal love.
Thrown into the fire and we are burned.
I like to think ridiculous and preposterous.
I can hardly believe that I heard it on the radio.
It's a pill that has a chance of effect.
It's a word either weak or weak.
It's worth a thing.
You must be constantly衆 본 잘.
I like to think, select the weeds first and bind them in bundles to be burned.
Ah, thrown into the fire and burned.
We very often explode it.
We have already been blessed.
We have already been White Wolfs.


All I know is that I gotta get out of here.
And you got the gun.
Heart Ignition.
And now, back to WCSB Cleveland and ESO Radio.
With this final message.
The message is the message.
And when the Lord exploded his messages on the depleted mankind accordion,
he found the message.
God is mad as hell.
And he's not gonna take it anymore.
I said God.
God is mad as hell.
And he is not gonna take it anymore.
See me?
Pay me?
Pay me?
Hear me?
Thank you, Dr. Schertz.
Well, at least it doesn't get his ire up.
That's what I'm glad about.
If it made him angry, I would be worried.
You know, otherwise I think we're just fine, really.
I think we can trust that everything is just fine.
But can we?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.










I don't know.
I don't know.
How do we find that?
There's no need for contrasting opinions anymore.
God is fed up.
He can come over to my house and fuck my sister.
Well, yes.
And I think it's just going to be fine.
I really do.
You'll excuse me.
I have to duck onto the subway now.
Yes.
The subway.
Mad as hell.
Mad as hell.
I'm not gonna take it anymore.
No, they're not.
They voted God.
They voted God.
They're not mad as hell.
They voted that they are.
Everything's apparently just fine.
Everything's just fine.
Yes, we will take it.
We are bending over.
Go ahead and...
All I can say is free Willie.
That's three video shins.
We're gonna take it.
We're gonna...
Oh, there he goes.
He freed his Willie.
And they came and took him away.
Where'd you come back, Willie?
I'm sure.
Come back.
I'm just as sure.
Come back, Willie.
Oh, it looks so nice hanging out like that.
But not like that.
The Plumbob.
Let's forget you.
Yeah.
Well, I think it's time for everyone to go to theater tonight.
Find me that way.
I want to see a nice show at Industrial Tractor Factory number five.
Plumbob is plumb...
Bobbed!
I love these Chechen movies.
Put your hand down here.
It's not a movie.
It's a...
Just take your hand out of my pocket.
Okay.
I'm taking this Chechen terrorist woman to my left.
That's it, baby.
To put my hand on the popcorn.
Yeah, there's a quarter down there somewhere.
You're not a Chechen woman.
You're a hairy Chechen man.
I'm telling you, there's a quarter down there.
I don't want your...
And then she put her hand out, holding his mighty credit card.
And there's the beautiful flotilla of the Virgin Larry is making its way down the street
with all the apostolates and the other subcrimes.
Bye.
Smoking the apostrophes.
They've been given by their dear, dear, dear lord, a fanny man who used to write them
efficaciously once every summer as they cramped away off of their wilderness huts.
But now it looks like some of them are actually rolling in the dough as they begin to make
a huge human pie out of the...
That looks messy.
It is.
It's very messy.
You don't want to get your feet too close to the middle.
There's four and twenty blackbirds in there.
Oh, no.





Man.
And there's also a dead saint which comes back.
The blood boils every August 22nd before the feast.
Freedom is laid to rest in the grave of history.
The human gene which once stretched across the globe and threatened to the solar systems
and the skies beyond is humbled now like a little drained of itself worm laying in a
pool of mossy shit.
Things will be better.
Yeah.
Somewhere else.
Lower the coffin of the spirit of man.
And you will be after the man.
Shovel the earth on top.
From the ashes like a phoenix to sun.
Someone I think would come back.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
So endeth all things.
Would you like a little bite of his...
Ankle?
There is much.
Pain and gnashing of teeth.
You could put a little bit of raisin butter on the ankle there, you could.
Oh, man.
Time to get up.
Oh, oh, oh.
Time to get up.
Get out of that coffin.
Time to get up.
You've been resurrected.
Get out of that coffin.
Throw away the stone and get to work.
Who's playing the butt trumpet?
Well, the first thing we're going to be doing, we're going to be working on building back
some of that flexibility you've been losing over being dead for the last 20 years.
That's what you're doing.



That's what you think is happening.
You're all kind of scrunched up.
You're still...
Look at yourself.
You need to do 25, 26, maybe 27 light year push-ups.
Come on, Norton.
Get down the narrow fives.
Let's see you do them.
Do them.
Do them.
We're satisfied as hell and we are going to take it.
Please do.
Evermore.
Please give it to us.
Please punch.
Just give it to us.
We were hoping we could have a big war, you know.
Please just do it.
And we just hope they take my soul.
Social security.
And get a bunch of them crack-bite right-wing guys on the Supreme Court, you know, eh?
And let's see, homeland security.
Oh, yeah, I was hoping I could get stopped every three blocks.
And that's why I was one of the 37% of American registered voters who showed up to wave my fist in the occult sky
and smack myself firmly between the genital areas.
I'm so glad.
I was the first.
And now I'm...
Well, you hear the dogs.
Don't you?
We better get out of here.
Oh, here they come.
Here they come.
There were only 37 percenters total.
I voted the wrong way, man.
Here they come.
It's those giant crickets.
The tag glows.
They're going to kill us.
They can see the tag, man.
Just keep moving.
Cover up your arm.
Till next week, keep your head on tight.
You're back to the wind and you're sack in the saddle.
Mr. Butch says his man.
Today means lots of fun for the people on top of the pie.
I hate it.
For those squanderlings laying down near the bottom.
There won't be much pie left.
There's only coming for the gravy.
I want to know what I learned.
Like a diamond in the sky.
Twinkle, twinkle, little star.
How I wonder.
Wonder what you are.
You have been listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Produced by yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
My address is P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
But you can write for more information for free.
Paper information from the Church of the Subgenius at
Post Office Box 20418.
Or call the office at 204-206 Dallas, I mean Austin, Austin, Texas 78720.
Yes, the office move.
Again, that's P.O. Box 204-206 Austin, Texas 78720.
As seen on www.subgenius.com.
How a vag понимania barrels full of

How it.
All right.
Thank you.
So you really hope to do some work there.
Paige in free, what's awesome is I know.

like in a slaughterhouse.
I wish you'd seen it.
I want to get a picture.
Well, you better get to bed now, son.
Have a good sleep.
In the middle of the night?
Yes.
So now you listen
and you listen good.
Have a good sleep.
