Who's there?
The Self Genius Power of Slack!
Now I know all about everything.
What? Yeah, yeah, yep, yeah, yeah!
Uh, yes, yes, yes, dear friends, I'm swamped, I'm beat, I'm whooped.
It's, um, as of this recording, for this hour of Slack number 944, it's like May 25th or 26th or something,
we just got done with a big and wonderfully successful, uh, devival here in Cleveland at the Beachland Ballroom
with Mann and the Amino Acids, Reverend Carter LeBlanc, Reverend Nicky Deathchick, and Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And you're not gonna hear any of it tonight, because it's going to take too long to do it justice in the editing.
We've got good recordings, though.
Uh, you'll be glad to know, however, that instead we have a rerun of, uh, the, a great episode of Bob's Slack Time Fun House from WREK.
It'll only be a rerun to listeners in noble WREK in Atlanta.
Uh, but it's a, a lymph node intro.
It's a Lymphnode Institute production about, uh, on the subject of, uh, evolution and, uh, creationism and all like that.
And, uh, since, um, I get more compliments about the, uh, Lymphnode Institute shows than I do about my own shows,
that is, a compliment, uh, I don't guess anybody will mind.
So, uh, Lymphnode Institute, dear friends.
With their evolution, uh, special.
Uh, praise WREK Atlanta.
And, and, uh, this station.
Well, leave it to the Christian right to go and spoil our fun.
But, even their cowardice and surrender will not stop us from running the second evolution show.
You are listening to Bob's Slack Time Fun House.
The Lymphnode Institute edition.
I gotta get my gum out.
The Lymphnode Institute edition.
So how long you been chewing that gum?
About four years.
And that's nicotine withdrawal gum?
Technically, yes.
But it's got nicotine in it?
It sure does.
Four years?
Four years.
Aren't you afraid that that's gonna elicit some sort of biological change over time in your body?
Uh, not really.
I think I've already lost all my teeth, so I don't see what else could change.
You could get scales down your throat.
That could be a change over time that happens in Yatensany, is to evolve...
Oh, I'm sorry.
Is to, uh, gradually acquire scales down the throat to protect them from the barbs.
And please, please don't use the E word here.
We are in Georgia.
I wouldn't do that.
Powers of the Beast say that the E-V-L-O-V-E word...
Oh, it's got the word love in it.
How can that be evil?
Is, is not appropriate in Georgia because it's a negatively valenced buzzword.
And it stands for science.
Well, it's a, it's a theory that they've done a lot of work on over time.
They'd prove it if they could, but it's difficult because it's all past tense research.
Uh, where do you think we'd be if the Bible had something to say about how, uh, diseases are transmitted?
You think we'd still be arguing over the germ theory?
In Sodom and Gomorrah, they had sex with this green monkey.
And, and when they had sex with this green monkey, uh, a germ flew up into the sky.
And everyone decided that it was a, a harbinger of, of God's love for them.
Uh-huh.
And they went to it.
And it made their skin fall off.
And God's love.
God plus love equals a green monkey's ass.
Right, and that's a lost scripture.
Well, of course.
The Bible's been heavily, uh...
Edited?
Edited.
Censored, if you will.
Yeah, that's part of the Dead Semen Scrolls.
I'm a disciple of science.
I know the universe is in full compliance with natural laws.
But many place reliance on the pseudoscience of quacks and morons and fools.
Because their education's deficient, they put faith in omniscient.
They believe beings who control their fate.
But the heart ain't ribbit.
Take it.
Their holy rib ain't the least bit legit.
It's a lie.
It's a bunch of a-chokes.
They need to read a book that's not so damn old.
Let reason take hold.
The truth to be told.
They're probably already too far gone.
Withdrawn.
The conclusion foregone.
But maybe there is still hope for the young if they reject the tongue being slung from
the tongues of the ignorant fools who call themselves creatures and listen instead to
their science teachers.
Upon blind faith, they place reliance.
What we need more of is science.
Upon blind faith, they place reliance.
What we need more of is science.
Upon blind faith, they place reliance.
What we need more of is science.
What we need more of is science.
questi
vagy

or
bio
全
feat
iv
Prove the whole lot of them.
Look, I hate Thomas Wilkie.
Science doesn't blind me.
Think you're smart?
Form a line behind me.
You won't find me.
Truth to tell.
To be a man who suffers rules very well.
I'd be opposite.
In fact, ain't got time to interact with crystal-wearing freaks in need of a snack.
New Age Motherfuckers.
Don't get me started.
Made more sense to them the last time I parted.
Not to put too fine a point upon it, but the whole New Age movement is full of bitch.
Please allow me to elaborate.
Explicate.
Extatiate.
From astral projection to об dilatación.
It's a mishmash of idiocy.
Instead of the archaic worship of seasons, they should explore logic and reason.
Upon blind faith they place reliance.
What need more of is science.
On blind faith they place reliance.
What need more of is science.
On blind faith they place reliance.
What need more of is science.
On blind faith they place reliance.
What need more of is science.
disgusting new agers.
Is there any amount of votish they won't swallow?
It's 2003 goddammit, when are these morons gonna join us in the 21st century?
So you can say semen in school and in biology class, but if you say evolution, Kathy Cox,
the Secretary of State I believe?
No.
Secretary of Education?
Yes.
She's decided that because of the people who, I don't know, maybe got her elected
or a thing, they keep coming back to this evolution.
There's a funny little story about how she did it.
She did get her job, Kathy Cox.
You just confused Kathy Cox, Secretary of Education, with Kathy Cox, Secretary of State.
Honest mistake.
And that's the honest mistake that everyone made at the polls.
They all thought they were voting for Kathy Cox, Secretary of State, because she is popular.
So it was a problem with homophones.
It was a problem with homophones.
I hate those homophones.
And they went on a, the Democratic Party went on this big drive about a week before
the election realizing that people had made this mistake.
It didn't work.
It's difficult to try to educate.
It's difficult to try to educate.
It's difficult to try to educate the voters a week before election time.
Damn.
So that's the kind of you get when you don't vote.
So we did a show on evolution before, but the whole topic came back and bit us in our
sensible asses.
Yeah, that's one of the things I love about living down here.
It gives us so much material for shows.
And now, a reading from a holy text, a holy learned text, biology for Christian schools,
second edition, teacher's edition, book one, published by Bob Jones University Press, written
by William S. Pinkston.
I believe it because I've been told it.
And if I've been told it, it must be true.
God created me and God created you.
What does the Bible actually have to say about creation and the history of living things?
Some Christians seem to know more about what the Bible does not say on the subject than
what it does say.
Many Christians say they are anti-Christian.

They are anti-evolution and pro-Bible.
They are willing to say the Bible is right without knowing what right truly is.
They have no understanding of how the rightness of the Bible affects them.
The first step in taking any position is to know what the Bible says and then to apply
it to modern situations, don't you know?
For many students, this will be their first look at the evolution-creation controversy
in anything other than an anti-evolution framework.
The students will learn to understand the Bible.
They will learn what the Bible says regarding creation in more depth than a typical Sunday
school presentation of Adam and Eve.
Creation is in itself scientifically unexplainable.
Knowing why or how God created things the way he did is not only beyond the scope of
science for it cannot be observed, but also beyond the comprehension of human minds.
Some Christians interpret the seven days in Genesis 1 as seven ages.
This interpretation is sometimes called the long day theory.
One day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day is often cited
as support for the long day theory.
This passage, however, simply teaches that God is eternal and timeless.
Most people who hold the long day theory are attempting to put enough time in the Genesis
account of creation for evolution to take place.
This is an attempt to prove that God directed or permitted the evolution of the universe
rather than actually created it as he did.
If God is eternal, then he is eternal.
If God says he created the world in six days, and man refuses to believe it, then man is
calling God a liar.
Some Bible-believing Christians believe in the long day theory.
It does not directly contradict Scripture, but a person who believes in the long day
theory, for the purpose of appearing more scientific, is a theistic evolutionist, and
his motive is unacceptable.
Other Christians believe that the days in Genesis 1 are twenty years, but in reality,
24 hour periods.
This belief is the Short Day Theory.
The Short Day Theory is supported by the phrase, the evening and the morning, repeated often
in Genesis, and by the fact that the sequence of events described requires speed.
It is to believe that a creation of such complexity and design could just happen.
That's right.
All the theories in this book are a lot harder to swallow than the fact that God created
it all.
Come on, Jim.
You can't say that.
You know that the theory of evolution is...
Yeah, but if you set their left out to reach the final state, too, please, you...
You're not ashamed to admit to the whole class that you think God created it all.
And why should I be ashamed if I believe it?
Come on, Jim.
You can't say that you believe all this without some reservation.
Oh, PKT...
Man, no God can fill your head with a bunch of dung that doesn't make any sense.
All right, then.
Tell me, do all of you think that God just waved his magic wand, and presto, here we
are?
Presto!
Well, now, I, for one, don't claim to know everything about it.
Well, I don't know how God did it, or how long one of God's working days may have lasted.
But there are a lot of things which he doesn't explain in detail, just as a surgeon doesn't
explain the minor points of an operation.
Or an electrician, the workings of electricity.
But the results are there, and we believe them, and their results.
So I find no trouble in believing that.
In the beginning, God made the world...
And the waters, and the grass, and the serbs, and the fruit trees.
And then God said, that's good.
God made the rivers and the rocks, and the sand.
Everything came out just the way that he planned.
He made the sun, and the moon, and the stars...
It took him six days to make a plan
So on the seventh day he rested
God looked at everything he made and saw
It took him six days to make a plan
So on the seventh day he rested
Then God made all the animals
God made a duck and taught it to quack
Every kind of animal that lives on earth
He made the tiger and the grizzly bear
He made everything and everybody everywhere
He made the sea, he let the fish and the whales
He made the body and the bones and the legs and the legs and the arms
He made the bird and the bird and the bird and the dog
And the little dog and the little dog and the little dog
God looked at everything he made and saw
It took him six days to make a plan
So on the seventh day he rested
And said that's good
In the beginning God made man
He made his own image
God made a man on the very last day
Taught him work, taught him to pray
And all he needed was a river to sign
And his wife was Eve
On the first day he had to get saved
Then he made a plan
So on the seventh day he rested
God made a man
He made everything and everybody everywhere
He made everything and everybody everywhere

So on the seventh day he rested
And said that's good
So on the seventh day he rested
And said that's good
It took him six days to make a plan
So on the seventh day he rested
And said that's good
Before God made the heaven and the earth
There was nothing, nothing
All these wonderful things were made by God
How do we know?
The Bible tells us so
Knowing what one believes is not enough
One must also understand what others believe
If not, he will either be lost or be destroyed
If not, he will either be led astray
Or be unable to lead others in his position
Thus Christian students need to study evolution
If only to refute it
If one believes the Bible is the infallible, inerrant word of God
He can easily say that an evolutionary position is not correct
Because it contradicts the Bible
But a person who does not accept the Bible
Will not automatically take that position
Can anything be done to show an evolutionist the error of his ways?
The only thing that can be done is to show the weakness of the evolutionist's position
And to show that the evolutionist's argument is not correct
And there are weaknesses
Or to present scientific evidence as contrary to those he uses
A teacher must be careful not to dwell on this material
Five years from now, few students will be able to recall the details
And they should not be taught as though expected to do so
The goal is clear exposure to these arguments
So that students know they exist
And know how to obtain information about them
Then they will not be led astray
And will realize that somewhere someone could give an answer
That is often all that is necessary to be able to understand the Bible

And that is what is necessary to keep from falling prey to the enemy
And let us not forget the effects of Darwin's theories
Darwin's support of the inheritance of acquired characteristics
And improvement through struggle
Was just what many of the people of his day wanted
In fact, a contemporary of Darwin
A Mr. Karl Marx
Was so in favor of these evolutionary concepts
That he wanted to dedicate his communistic work
Das Kapital
To Darwin
Darwin's theories are comparable with communism
Which teaches that through collective effort
Man can improve his existence
Because it supported communistic philosophy
Lamarck's concept of the inheritance of acquired characteristics
Was until recently officially supported by the Russian government
Darwin's theories have been used to support environmental determinism
The concept that the environment determines
What an individual is
The concept blames the world around a person
For the sin he commits
According to environmental determinism
A drunkard is not a sinner
Because he drinks
But a victim of his environment
His environment drove him to drink
The Christian view of man
That man was created perfect
But is now a wicked sinner
Who is responsible for his sin
Is by comparison unappealing
The Bible places the blame for sin on the individual
It says that man cannot save himself
But is in need of the savior
Darwinian evolution promises great things
Great things in the future
If man works at it
Darwinism is therefore contrary to God and his word
In that it blames natural causes for man's present state
And hopes in natural causes for man's future
In contrast the Bible blames man for his condition
And presents God as man's only hope
That was Biology for Christian Schools Teacher's Edition
Published by Bob Jones University
Written by William S. Pinkston
Yes, that was a real textbook
The issue is that there's a politician here in Georgia
Who's decided that the word evolution ruffles too many feathers
Specifically the feathers of the people who help her decide her doctrines
She knows she's gonna get voted out of office
And she's trying to take the other Cathy Cox with her
Sort of the reverse Cathy Cox principle
I'm afraid that the UN army is gonna invade Georgia
And how the hell am I gonna explain being a white guy
You know, no, no, I'm not one of them
You look like one of them
All they gotta do is expand their definition of terrorist even further
And then they, you know, as an enemy combatant during wartime
In an endless war, they can keep you wherever they want
With no charges filed for as long as they want
Now that's evolution
And I see how a democracy can evolve into a police state
Isn't that nice?
Into a totalitarian regime
Has anybody else noticed how close together
George Bush's eyes are?
And Crystal Bernard
The ridiculous, but this is a happy song
A song that they sang in the Sunday morning service
That was televised nationwide
In the which two precious little girls were singing
Robin, but I'm sure after you refute the Bible account of creation
You'll want to be hearing it again
By the miracle of recording
It's the monkey song
And it's about the, we had so many requests for them to do it again
That that's exactly what they did
You'll want to be hearing it again
It's their answer to the ridiculous theory of evolution
I'm no kin to the monkey, no, no, no
The monkey's no kin to me, yeah, yeah, yeah
I don't know much about his ancestors
But mine didn't swing from a tree
It seems so unbelievable
And yet they're saying it's true
They're teaching us about it in school now
That humans were monkeys
And that's why they're saying it's true
I'm no kin to the monkey, no, no, no, no
The monkey's no kin to me, yeah, yeah, yeah
I don't know much about his ancestors
But mine didn't swing from a tree
And yet they're saying it's true
My laughing sound is really weird
Yup, I think that's a bit of a memory



When people come into my house
Those musicians pick from two Eldorado records
Bingo!
We saw Romanια
que�ey
Christianity is stupid!
Go Mundo!
Go Mundo!
Communism is good!
Go Mundo!
Go Mundo!
Go Mundo!
Go Mundo!
Go Mundo!
Did you hear that?
Give up!
Give up!
Go Mundo!
Go Mundo!
Christianity is stupid!
Christianity is stupid!
Go Mundo!
Go Mundo!
Communism is good!
Communism is good!
From 5 o'clock in the morning till 10 o'clock at night, go Mundo, go Mundo, go Mundo, go Mundo.
Go Mundo, go Mundo, go Mundo.
Tonight.
Ambulance is good. Christianity is stupid.
Tonight is ThruNight.
ThruNight.
Give up, give up, give up.
ThruNight.
Give up, give up, give up.
ThruNight.
Tonight is ThruNight.
17 hours a day.
ThruNight.
ThruNight.
KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL, KILL.
Give up, give up, give up.
Back when the Bible was done like 2000 years ago or whatever, people obviously lived for hundreds of years like Noah did,
and then once the Dark Ages hit they lived to like 30.
The Bible never lies.
You know, history is always crystal clear.
It never screws up anything.
It never multiplies people's lifespans by a factor of 10 or 20.
Of course, we've always measured years, days, hours, and everything the same way.
By the Christian calendar.
Yeah, exactly.
Which is funny, being that it wasn't around.
It was all spoken word history.
Operator.
But nobody can remember what words started the little playtime.
Luckily, there's an evolution of human society,
because 500 years ago, people like us were burned at the stake.
50 years ago, we were imprisoned, and now they give us our own radio show.
So perhaps in 50 more years, we'll actually get paid.
Ooh.
Yeah, but...
So it's pretty obvious that regardless of how the hell we got here,
we are evolving and are changing, thankfully, which is good.
Now, those transitional fossils are tools.
Tools of the devil to test everyone's faith in God and creationism.
See? See how logical it all is?
It's the devil.
Christian science.
See? It all works.
Now, Christian scientists are different.
James Hetfield of Metallica, his parents wouldn't let him go to the doctor when he got sick,
and the mom died from something that the doctor maybe could have fixed.
No pity. No pity whatsoever.
Now that's natural selection.
Well, if you delude yourself out of living...
If you die for a bad idea, then be aware that you are part...
of natural selection.
If you are killed for someone else's bad idea...
Charlton Heston, he was in those Bible movies and he likes guns.
If there's right-wingers, why aren't there wrong-wingers?
Did y'all know that... You wanna hear something, man?
This is fascinating to me. This is absolutely fascinating.
Fundamentalist Christians believe the world is 12,000 years old.
Is that... Let's just think about that.
Okay.
Now...
Isn't that great?
And I ask them, how do you think... Why do you think the world's 12,000 years old?
They go, well, we added up all the people born from Adam and Eve,
added up their ages, roughly 12,000 years.
Well, how scientific.
Boom! I can't think I can argue with that kind of, you know, research.
You think the world's 12,000 years old. That's right.
Okay, can I ask you a question?
Sure.
It's a one-word question.
Fine.
What's the word for a boy?
Dinosaur.
I mean, if the world's 12,000 years old and the Bible covers it,
why didn't someone bring up dinosaurs?
You'd think someone would have brought that up somewhere in the goddamn book.
And Jesus and the disciples walked down the path towards Nazareth,
but oh, the trail was blocked by a giant brontosaurus
with a splinter in his paw.
And the disciples did run a-screamin',
What a big little blizzard, Lord.
I'm sure gonna mention this in my book, said Luke.
Well, I'm sure gonna mention it in my book, said Matthew.
I'm not sure what I saw, said Thomas.
Timothy nudged him.
It was a big little blizzard, said Thomas.
But Jesus was unafraid, and he took the splinter from the brontosaurus' paw,
and the brontosaurus became his friend.
And Jesus sent him to Scotland, where he lived in a lock, oh, so many years,
attracting fat American families with their fat nickel dollars
to look for the Loch Ness Monster.
And oh, the Scotch did praise the Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord.
12,000 years old.
I asked this guy,
I said, come on, man, dinosaur fossils, what's the deal?
He goes, God put those here to test our faith.
I think God put you here to test my faith, dude.
I think I figured this out.
That's what this guy said.
Does that bother anyone here, the idea that God might be thick with our heads?
Anyone have trouble sleeping restfully with that thought in their head?
God's running around burying fossils.
We'll see who believes in me now.
I'm a prankster God.
I am killing me.
You know, you die, you go to St. Peter.
Did you believe in dinosaurs?
Well, yeah, there's fossils everywhere.
What are you, an idiot?
You think God was a with you?
Giant flying lizard, you moron.
That's one of God's easiest jokes.
It seems so plausible.
Ah!
Bound for the lake of fire.
You ever notice how people who believe in creationism look really unevolved?
Eyes real close together, big furry hands and feet.
All believe God created me in one day.
Looks like he rushed it.
Do you remember God?
Benevolent, omniscient, and delicious.
God is back and better than ever in GlorpCo's new pseudo-food product,
Holyoes.
Available in rhapsodic raspberry, tangy stigmata swirl, or transubstantiated tangerine.
Like he said, folks, eat of my flesh.
Buy this product or face eternal torment worse than your current life.
Holyoes.
Ape Shall Not Kill Ape was actually something when Charlton Heston said that, didn't he?
Or is it always said, it's always delivered as if Charlton Heston said it.
It was in Planet of the Apes, but I don't think he said it.
It would have been something that another ape said.
Oh yeah, that's true, that's true. What is the law?
That's uh...
Island of Lost Souls.
Island of Doctor whoever.
It was originally Island of Lost Souls.
And I only know this because I read on Club Devo that where they got Jaco Homo from.
Apparently it's from this movie that Island of Doctor Moreau is a remake of.
But in the original version it's very, very creepy and low budget and big shadows.
And they saw this in Akron, Ohio.
And that's what made de-evolution start to click with them.
Because this guy was forcing the creatures on this island.
And as they would start to redevelop their animal traits, he would try to force them back into being more human-esque.
De-evolution

De-evolution
De-evolution
De-evolution
De-evolution
De-evolution
De-evolution
De-evolution
De-evolution
De-evolution
De-evolution


Evolution, as we said, is dynamic. It is growing. It is counter-entropic.
It is counter-entropic. Faith is static. It is unmoving. It is entropy.
If you know something, if you have faith in something, if you're certain of something, there's not really much need to think about it, is there?
And that's fine for trying to figure out if the sun will come up tomorrow, because it probably will.
And if it doesn't, there's nothing you can do about it anyway.
That's your dogma, man. Don't hang that on me.
Well, the sun orbits something else, but it doesn't come up, that's for sure.
We have our geocentric view of things, even though we know better.
Well, I guess that's better than worshipping our penises.
No. No? No.
I think things might have been a little bit better, except for the human sacrifice back in the days where it was all about the big phallus god.
Yeah. And the sun itself was a god.
And will be again.
Well, you talk about the sun rising or the sun coming up. I mean, those are very sexual terms.
And the sexual revolution is almost sexual evolution.
So what do you suggest?
I would suggest we call up the National Guard and bring them all in, but...
Do this, bird.
Or they'll be in prison, or...
They'll be in cinemas.
Okay.
Only the most effective of our officials.

So let's do theÄôve, it's time to go home, see the next time.



in tune
God answers
prayer in the
morning
God answers
prayer at noon
God answers
prayer in the
evening
to keep
your heart
in tune
Jesus may
come in the
morning
usually
prayer in the

morning
I guess
you are a
character that
you are
Jesus may
come in
the morning
Jesus may
come at
noon
God answers








God answers

prayer in the

Jesus may



may come
in the
evening
so keep
your
heart
in
tune
God answers
prayer in the

prayer in the
dean
day
mirror
it
under
the
rue
man
God answers
prayer in the
afternoon
on the
Every time I think of them my traitor finger itches
They want to have their bullsh-t tub in public class
Stephen Jay Gould should put his foot right up their ass
No and his heart
Adam and his Eve
Straight up fairy stories even children don't believe
I'm not saying there's no God, that's not for me to say
All I'm saying is the Earth was not made in a day
F
F
F
F
The creationists
F
F
F
F
The creationists
Break it down
Ah damn, this is a funky jam
I'm about ready to kick this bitch back in
Check it
F the damn creationists I say it with authority
Because kicking their punk asses be my paramount priority
Them wack ass bitches say evolution's just a theory
They best step off them brainless fools I'll give them cause to fear me
The cosmos is expanding every second every day
But their minds are shrinking as they close their eyes and pray
They call their bullsh-t science like the word could be

Give them credit if them bitches be scientists then pat me in the head
F
F
F
F
The creationists
F
F
F
F
F
The creationists
F
F
F
F
F
The creationists
F
F
F
F
The creationists
Face
F F F F F F F F F F F F T C O F F R M I S T
Advanced creation, starting to set scientific daughter back for pack four hundred years
If them superstitious motherfuckers want to have at nice kinds of party
I'm going to put my kids in a mesh potato
Do
The funny thing about a scientific theory like evolution is that because it's called a theory and not a law,
if something comes up to change evolution, contrary evidence, then that's not a problem.
They change it.
Evolution makes no claim to be the absolute truth.
Regardless of the myth, whether it's Zeus or Yahweh or Jehovah, whoever created it, Elrond,
the creationist answer just creates more questions, as in, who created God?
And to say that God has always been and always will be is patently ridiculous on the surface.
It's an obvious lie.
What do you think the ants think about us?
We are to the bugs as God is to us.
There's no way to perceive this.
You just have to.
Shoot blindly until you kill him.
I think there was a doctor god who created the god monster.
He was attacked by the villagers.
The villager gods.
Up in heaven, next to Mount Olympus.
Eventually, he just became known as God.
Like the Frankenstein monster eventually became known as Frankenstein.
Right.
Same deal.
Exact same deal, really.
The god monster.
Why not teach a more logical form of creationism, which states that some technological race from another planet came down here,
cooked us in a petri dish, created us, and then left and said,
You're on your own, Jackass.
There's a new day coming for the children of the Lord.
The time comes for judgment, the die is past.
The justice men seek for will come at last.
For hate and injustice will all be past.
There's a new day coming.
There's a new day coming.


There's a new day coming.
For the children of the Lord.
God invaded our planet 2,000 years ago.
In the person of Jesus, the man from Galilee.
And he's coming again.
And I'm coming again.
And I want the world to know.
He'll reign through the blue.
And reign for eternity.
The ability to visualize or imagine.
Evolution will get rid of those as survival traits because it's probably detrimental to dealing with living in a box.
It is, but not to what the human body was designed to do, which is anticipate what's going to happen next
and react to it before it's going to happen.

it happens it's called proactive now it's a stupid word but that's what we do and that's how we've
gotten this far and if the monkeys want to shut that off that's fine you know i'd love to see a
cap put on their evolution a white backwards baseball cap put on it but unfortunately we have
to live in their world and i'm not as much as it pains me to say this i'm really not counting on
the exits anymore i'm not sure that they know what the hell is going on down here i mean i'm not i'm
not ready to write it off yet and go on my shooting spree i'm close
oh
i invaded our planet
two thousand years ago
oh
oh























in the person of jesus
well of course all of us subgenius know that on mutantis our distant distant distant ancestors
the pure blood yetis bred the pinks in a laboratory setting
i don't quite recall what the purpose was maybe for slavery maybe for food i'm not quite sure but we
bred the pinks we are living with our shame today because someone fell asleep at the switch the
pinks got loose they started to breed like mad they started to organize themselves they attempted
to interpret the little slivers of the truth that they knew and put it together into some weird
amalgam of jehovah worshipping we're not supposed to be worshipping jehovah we're supposed to be
building giant weapons to defeat Jehovah. He's a killer alien for Christ's sake. But these people
worship Jehovah. See, they're just very confused. So it's basically all our fault. Some slack
bastard ancestor of ours, probably a common ancestor since there's so little Yeti DNA left
in the gene pool, just quit his job and slacked off. And that's why we have pink boys all over
the damn place. And we're hunted for food. You know, you said you're supposed to kill Jehovah
for Christ's sake. Well, yeah. You think Christ is happy about it, man? The last mission he got
sent down here on did not turn out too well. He knew the job was dangerous. Yeah, but damn,
as you know, he's back and he is the fighting Jesus and he's not going to be
bending over for nobody's sins this time.
This is an excerpt from chapter eight of the book of the subgenius, your subgenius heritage.
This is the precursor to the interview.
This is the pure doctrine on evolution.
Subgeniuses came from a better world and they're going to a better world. They descended from
abominable snowmen and will evolve overnight on some evening in late 1998 or later into
over men and over women. It is an unbroken line of continuous change as opposed to that of pinks
who are an evolutionary dead end and have been spinning their wheels as mere humans for the last
million years.
years or so. The goal of any subgenius besides slack is to somehow live until 1998 or later when he or she will be changed into what might as well be a superhero possessed of mental and bodily powers practically unknown to man today.
If you cleave to Bob, you will see magic come to pass in your life. However, only excess technology can complete a subgenius's transfiguration into overmanhood or over-one-liness.
And so it is.
So far Bob has allowed this to happen to only one solitary guinea pig, his friend, Dr. Philodrummond.
But someday when the angelic host descends, we will all make this great leap into tomorrow.
It is important that we know what lies ahead.
Then after we have been given doctorhood in Dobstown, after our initiation in the Exist Rescue Ships, what is this fabled overman?
Overmania is a changed physique. Overmania is a changed physique.
Yes, the huge cranium, the permanent smile, the powers of flight and invisibility, the great cough of command.
But it is far more than that. Above all, it is a state of mind.
All subgenii, no matter their racial background, are kin.
We as a world cult are bonded together by mere threads, but they are threads of titanium steel forged in the minds of Jupiter, for the link of blood is the strongest.
We are Wotan's prime breeding stock, and no matter how different in shade our skin colors may be, we carry in our DNA a common code.
A tracking device, so to speak, implanted by our monster lord, yea, so many millions of years ago.
Humans lacked this code and have tried to snuff it for millennia.
At their beginnings in antiquity, the humans, a wild nomadic pre-subgenius race, were verdicted similarly.
We are Wotan's prime breeding stock, and no matter how different in shade our skin colors may be, we carry in our DNA a common code.

A tracking device, so to speak, implanted by our monster lord, yea, so many millions of years ago.
Cat pacifism. commissioned-accept-conspiracy rule.
We too, once less than ever, areikke metal lovers.
Whenever subgenii gained a foothold in history, the humans pounced-
— imprisoning purposes of the humans-
— ensnared manipulation, the world made us double shrimp stringsy, and we were spotted, to thwart what they saw
— perhaps correctly, as a threat to their pathetic control over the planet.
However, this was changing swiftly.
The humanitarian agenda of civilization was turned into tested notices, and the conversation was neither dormant nor

And now most humans under conspirac therme are mere spectators.
Stooges, disgruntled paupers, powerless to resist any form of seals dominance.
especially Bob's. Secular humanism's baleful theory of evolution can now be challenged.
Understand, however, that we are not descended from humans. In fact, man is not really even descended from the ape.
Man, humans and subs alike, preceded the monkey. It began shortly after the Elder Gods forced the Exes to exterminate the dinosaurs.
At this time, the stark fists of all the gods smote a tiny monkey-like mammal called Primo Anthropocus and split his gene line into two.
One, a seriously flawed attempt called Australopithecus, which under Jehovah One's occasional smiting evolved into the modern human.
And another, the true Atlanteans homo directus, of whom the first was the first Bob.
There are still full-blooded Atlanteans in the world, now called Zugarians and Arians.
They inhabit the lost glass city of Chang'an on the ice plateau that time forgot in the least accessible reaches of Tibet.
Bob's advisors on the Council of None dwell in this place.
Drawn by hypnosis at the confines of thess He is put into this world from the times when Jesus came from Satan to face death and death,
and For the last time, he came to trying to save those of us who shifting to Hannibalism in order to Ctrlasp.
How has that one been linked to this?
In the Western Pentateuch, Aao's dragon will appear in the לףs and日本es.
In other worlds, it inappropriate, for example in Asia,
Human sacrifice, bullish religion that wants to be in schools.
Want myths, myths taught in science class.
You know why they don't believe in natural selection?
Because they're living proof of the fact that natural selection is no longer in effect.
It's been removed as part of our society.
Through science and antibiotics.
They call it the Darwin Awards because it's evolution.
I'm a head, I'm a man.
I'm the first mammal to wear pants, yeah.
I'm at peace with my lust.
I can kill because in God I judge, yeah.
It's evolution, baby.
I'm at peace, I'm the man.
I'm at stocks on the day of the...
...crash, yeah.
Under the noose.
I'm a drug.
All I roll in here, I flatten with my own, yeah.
It's right behavior.
Uh-huh.
It's evolution, baby.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Cooo.
I made it out here on the patent.
It's all right if you're getting hurt.
lt's the Ören camp.
It's evolution, baby
I'm a thief, I'm a liar
There's my church, I sing in the choir
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Admire me, admire my home
Admire my song, admire my cause
Cause in our appetite
For nightly feasts
Those ignorant Indians
Got nothing on me
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Nothing
Why?
Because
It's evolution, baby
Yeah
I am ahead
I am advanced
I am the first man to make plans
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
I crawled the earth
But now I'm high
Twenty-ten wants to go to far
It's evolution, baby
It's evolution, baby
So as you can see, the doctrine itself has evolved into something more palatable.
Hate!
Hate is what keeps this church going.
And that's always a combining.
It's a combining force.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha!
You know, the superego, not the guy who's teamed with Idbot, but the actual superego of your
mind for people who are invested in the society in which they live, actually takes on qualities
of the superego of the leader.
Oh, like in the Hulk.
I think that's some sort of pink heresy trying to mock our overmen.
You can have road rage, but don't actually hit somebody.
Oh, you hit somebody?
Well don't cut off their head and put it on a pike in your yard.
So that your neighbors follow you to the next neighborhood meeting.
Don't do that!
Your lizard brain has evolved to get you by in this nonsensical upside-down topsy-turvy world that they call, uh, humania.
Huuu-mania!
What Sunday?
The humans versus the were-jackal.
Heavily favored were-jackal.
It's time to evolve ideas. That's all we're left with. There's gonna be no more thumbs coming down the pike. It ain't happening.
The true evolution is to evolve ideas.
What do I mean? What do you mean? What do I mean? Well...
If you would like more information on the Church of the Subgenius, write to them at P.O. Box 204206, Austin, Texas 78720-4206.
Or visit them online at www.subgenius.com.
Another fine lymph node production!
Visit us online at
lymphnodeinstitute.com
Or write to us at
P.O. Box 670-541 Marietta, Georgia 30066-0126
Because we don't want to live in a world full of zombies, do you?
Remember, Kathy Cox with a K thinks evolution is a dirty word.
Kathy Cox with a C is a good word.
I installed the rigamatic electronic voting system.
Anyway, you've heard
M.C. Hawking performing More Science
A reading from a creationist biology textbook
The Creation Mix
An unwitting collaboration on The Creation Song
from I Wonder by R.K. Wells
Performed by the Agape Players
The First Baptist Church of Saks, Oklahoma
Oklahoma, and Hugh James reading A Child's Introduction to God and Religion.
Then Crystal and Robin Bernard sang I'm No Kin to the Monkey, Negative Land performing
Christianity is Stupid, then Mr. Bungle covering DRI's I Don't Need Society, Bill Hicks talked
for a while about dinosaurs in the Bible, and then our old Holyoes ad, and our mercifully
brief cover of Jocko Homo, and then Pastor Dick singing Whisper a Prayer, followed by
M.C. Hawking, Nihuf the Creationists, Don Wurtzen performed God Invaded Our Planet,
and the singing churchman performed Oh Lord to Whom All Vengeance Belongeth.
Then we read from the book The Subgenius, and you heard another unwitting collaboration
of Master Designer from Tell It Like It Is.
Yes.
That was performed by the Chapel Choir of the First Presbyterian Church of Orlando,
Florida, the Wee Choir of Lees-McCrae College in Banner Elk, North Carolina, and the Mr.
Paul Singers of Cherry Hill, North Carolina.
And then you heard Pearl Jam performing Do the Evolution, and in the background is the
Butthole Surfers performing The Lord is a Monkey.
And we'll finish up with another number from Robin and Crystal Bernard.
The Ecumenical Song, and a counter-opinion from Negative Land.
My eye turned to glass, well she's looking pretty good.
First week in July, she's got a dope of Sahara and a needle in her eye.
Oh Lord.
Oh Lord.
Oh Lord.
Oh Lord.
Oh Lord.
Oh Lord.
Oh Lord.
Oh Lord.
Oh Lord.
Oh Lord.
Oh Lord.
Oh Lord.
Oh Lord.



Oh Lord.



For by the golden dawn they used whiteblowers black-face and dark-faced men, 좋을 and
lusts for mostrar- disappears, they always talk about the golden love.
And the penitent man on the march, birds of weather, who's ever been born again.
Doesn't even seem to count life.
My sins are all forgiven, and I've gone, my way superhuman.
I am set free.
Be was the Lord.
in Hell.
in Hell.
The Earth has come about no sei stupid.

I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
Ridiculous.
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
How can cultists so twist and pervert
think this is what the Bible actually says?
Our churches today are full of a bunch of spiritual retards
with a bunch of brain flusters for preachers,
and they haven't figured out that this thing is for real
and that we are in a war.
I push forward.
I am God.
You are God.
You are God.
You are God.
You are God.
You are God.
You are God.
You are God.
You are God.
You are God.
You are God.
You are God.
You are God.
You are God.
You are God.
You are God.
You are God.
You are God.
are able.
Permit.
May all beings
everywhere
be enabled.
Engine.
We are all
be enabled.
Fire.
Flame.
I am God
to carry out
your lives
in peace.
We are all
God.
Engagement.
Devotors
and rats
and illegitimate
babies
and prostitutes
you name it
they
die.
And unless
we are free
of fear
and as far as
I'm concerned
are peaceful
and happy
I'd be glad
when black people
we cannot fully
bring another
to peace
and happiness.
So just once more
with feeling.
If you had my way
I would be
God almighty
and just
wipe them off
the planet
because as you know
as well as I do
white people
are damned
to damnation.
Don't see them
if they can be saved.
Oh God.
So this
is gay.
I am God.
A curse.
You are God.
Anguish.
We are all
cursed.
Burn.
Condemned.
I am God.
May all
be
You are God.
everywhere.
We are all
going to be
saved.
Demon.
I am God.
We are free.
You are God.
Destruction.
We are all
there.
No image benign
bereaved or crucified.
Oh.
No ordained saint
or confirmed miracle.
Oh.
One book.
Oh.
And no God.
Yes.
But Allah.
And all the people said
Amen.
Amen.
Amen.
Amen.

Amen.

Amen.
Amen.

Amen.
Amen.
Amen.










It is frightening to know
that in many parts of our world right now
people are yelling
revolution
revolution
and in other parts
they're yelling
evolution.

We want our phones.
We want our phones.
While I appreciate your quaint traditions, superstitions, and, you know,
I, on the other hand, am an evolved being who deals solely with the source of light
which exists in all of us in our own minds.
No middleman required.
But anyway, I appreciate your little games and this shit
and you're putting on the tie and going to church.
Ah, Henry, why don't you wake up?
Darwin was wrong.
Man still at age.
