Ladies and gentlemen, please leave your sets adjusted. We're having operating difficulties.
I feel good.
The subconscious will listen and absorb this message.
Exactly.
Hey, what's going on here?
The Subgenius Hour of Swag.
Welcome to the Eddentons, boys and girls.
We're going to shock shock the house, put your brain in a whirl.
Bob is getting down with you here tonight.
Bob is getting down to help your plight.
Bob is coming here to ease your strife.
Come on, suckers, let Bob into your life.
Big fan, Bob.
P.O.
P.O.
This is Walter.
This is Walter Teasdale, reminding you that it's often a photon that light releases.
But truth is, not everyone gets the picture.
Hoping your time is all time and all your unpermissible truths are happy truths.
Here's your host.
Who sits on the right hand side of Bob?
None other than the Reverend Ivan Stang.
The sexiest man on earth.
A young Adonis who's irresistible to women.
I can't wait a moment longer.
I've got to have sex with you.
You shall have sex.
You shall be rich.
Rich and limitless sexer.
You've got me all worked up again.
I'm out of the nest.
Bob is sex.
Well, this is public radio.
This is public educational public radio.
That's right.
You cannot say that we're not fulfilling our covenant with the public to provide entertaining and educational programs.
Yeah, it's just like nature or National Geographic.
Yeah, National Geographic with the naked, topless pictures of the Micronesian girl.
Look at the music.
Look at the music we play and look at the pictures, you know, we encourage you to look at on the Internet.
It's a rainbow, multi-ethnic educational thing.
We're very anthropologic down here.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's like Margaret Mead.
Could have a field day with us.
Margaret Mead meets the bonobo monkeys.
And we hire lots of minorities.
We hire talented people.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob is sex.
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
Sponsored by the Chalk.
We are the subdominant.
Three, two, and one.
Now to continue with the tape recording.
Set.
It's going.
Amen.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No problem.
All right.
Yeah, pretty good.
How are you?
All right.
New shows coming in.
All right.
Set them up over there, Joe.
Giant record boxes now lowering CD.
Full floors of CDs.
Moving.
Boy, what I wouldn't give for some of them CDs.
That radio strong water.
It is a perfect show.
Bob.
Well, you know, it tries.
It strives for perfection, knowing that that is something which in this imperfect world
we cannot attain.
Yes, God is the measure of that perfection.
Being superhuman and superhuman.
God inhabits space in a vast, unilateral direction.
In which there's not much between those words.
Nothing at all, in fact, sometimes.
And you're out there floating in space.
Only a few scant hydrogen atoms.
Wanderers in the interstitial spaces in the universe.
Nothing else between the oases of planetary systems and the brightness of space.












stars, with the endless backdrop of nothingness, darkness eternal.
Choppers.
Hal.
Dr. Hal.
He may have a way with words.
But, uh, who cares about that?
So let's, uh, go, uh, have another, uh...
Stuff, dear friends, uh...
That was a little bit of Dr. Hal and, uh, puzzling evidence there on KPFA.
Hey, what happened to my...
Friends, what happened to my mic here?
There we go.
You have to treat some of those tapes differently.
And then you have to come back from their reality into this reality.
And, uh...
Oh, speaking of Dr. Hal and KPFA...
Let me, uh...
Don't want to get my sound up too, too...
Too...


Too loud, you know, and hurt y'all.
But, uh...
Dr. Hal has, uh...
Wrote me this letter here.
He says...
My dear Ivan, here on the left coast, I have been besieged, as you should be less than surprised to hear,
by whimpering gimme bobs, all complaining about the post-X-Day world.
To these, I have the same reply.
Upon reflection, I thought I should share with you this doctrinal rebuke to these...
Poor wandering livestock, which I hereby humbly set before you.
Dear Seeker, please calm yourself.
It's not the end of the world.
Although neither I nor any other subgenius owe you an explanation,
there is information at the sub-site.
The official line is a tissue of flat doodle involving a misreading of the launch date as scrawled by Bob himself.
On the back of an...
An envelope?
Allegedly.
Stang read the year upside down, so that the year 8,661 A.D. was thought by the sacred scribe to be 1998.
This would have the effect of giving the church more time to accomplish its mission.
Uh-huh.
Uh, Hal writes on...
The rupture did indeed take place according to schedule at 5 A.M. our time in California.
Were you awake?
In a twinkling of Bob's eye, the faithful, which I trust includes you,
were caught up in the clouds in the so-called saucers and returned in time for breakfast.
All predicted changes are happening and will happen, but not according to human standards of time,
but rather in accordance with the movements,
whether in epicycles, or in the world of the universe, or in the universe itself.



The universe is a
cosmic clock, which may only be read by superhuman optic or other sensory organs.
A religion that could be completely comprehended and fully interpreted would be a toy fit to be encapsulated and folded up to be put in one's pocket.
But behold, we show you a mystery.
Isn't it universally accepted that one of the few things you do know about the universe is that it's a mystery?











That the aliens are the ones who abduct you, and that they always put you back?
That the abductees do not immediately remember the details?
What in the name of Whitley Streber were you people expecting?
Without springing for a conspiracy psychiatrist, look back!
Recollect in tranquility, if you will, a dare to disturb with a ripple of self-inquiry the deep pool of your unconscious memory.
Now then, are you sure you can...
completely account for your activities at 5 a.m. on July 5th, 1998?
There is an alternative hypothesis, one so terrible that I hesitate to set it before you, seeker, yet I shall.
This hypothesis is...
Bear with me now.
This hypothesis is that the promised rupture did not happen...
for you.
For you.
For you.



I'm sure you were just too pig.
Happy post-X Day.
Austerely yours, the doctor, Howland Owl.
So, uh...
I can't believe it.
Satan pulled him out of the box.
It's been very, very, very...
Geez, we didn't know he was ready for a nervous breakdown.
Well, he's not ready for a nervous breakdown.
But I don't care.
Dammit.
I still believe in Bob.
I don't care if the Xs don't come in 99.
Just point to the usual thing.
I don't care.
Bob says they'll come in 2000.
Have you talked to Bob since X-Day?
I still believe in Bob.
Have you talked to Bob?
There you go.
Gotta admit, the man has faith.
Have you talked to Bob since X-Day?
This is not KPFA.
Speaking of Bob, have you talked to him since X-Day?
No.
Who?
Bob.
Who?
He says who?
I think Gordon had a short conversation.
A very short conversation.
What did he say?
He said, oops.
He said, oops.
I would say that was a major flopper.
Well, not according to Bob.
According, now at one point, the divination was that all of X-Day was a necessary diversion,
sort of what you might call an old lady sneezing in the crowd during the showdown on Main Street,
diverting the evil Jack Palance, Yaka Tisma's attention just at the moment of the draw,
so that the X-ist, Gary Brighton...
Heidi Murphy or whatever could blow away the...
could win the day.
Well, that's beautiful.
That's a beautiful thought.
In other words, we were just bit players.
Our belief in X-Day was a necessary prop in an elder gods scenario.
Well, I feel like I miscreant some sort of vagabond while I was at your X, X-Day.
Did you know that a giant X appeared in the sky over Sherman at quarter to seven,
just before our limousine pulled in?
I think that was when you were face down on the railroad ties there,
and you had hallucinated.
They didn't actually tie me to the railroad ties,
but if there had been a railroad, I would have also been tied.
Did they put, like, real chicken feet on you and stuff when they tarred and feathered you?
No, just the little pink feathers.
Pink feathers, how appropriate.
Did you not see the climax of X-Day, the 7 a.m. moment?
I didn't come at the same time.
The great countdown.
No, I...
In fact, we counted down twice.
Twice.
Okay.
One more chance.
After the first countdown.
I was sound asleep.
We tried.
We counted down again, and I still didn't come.
I was sound asleep on my command module.
Sensitive.
He's a whimpering dog.
He's lost his faith.
We got the boy.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty, purgish, hark-a-pack, flackin' wharton, fill-a-buck-a-barton, purg-a-bark.
What do you gentlemen like to escort?
Reverend Stang-Out, and lock him out of this place.
Oh, you got to see what he is.
He's a maniac.
Out to rule the world.
What can I do to make you understand him?
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Have I already said, ah, yes, dear friends?
The rewards are worth the effort.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
The harvest.
There, okay, now it's...
45 minutes.
Q, night of slack shooting tape.
Oh, yeah, the 45-minute hour of slack intro.
Q, and then we'll only have to do 15 more minutes worth of this.
My friends, here you are.
Hello!
I'm...
Sir!
Hey!
We are not ready.
To tell the truth, Chaz, when the X-Stake moment came and it was 10 seconds to rupture,
you know what I really wanted more than anything?

Anything else?
I want to know.
To go to bed.
As soon as I was ruptured onto my escape vessel, I was just going to manifest a big bedroom,
not like the one at the end of 2001.
Wow.
And lay down and go to sleep.
You could watch yourself in a jar.
A little baby had you look just like a little baby in 2001, and you could watch yourself
in a jar as you...
I'd watch myself grow a new body.
I'd lay in my old tired one and watch a new one grow.
And you could hallucinate about it.









I'd watch myself down and watch you grow.
A baby could never get to slump because you your soul isしょ interlocked with its body.
If you were supposed to go to bed on a thin grass blanket, you would hang on to a piece
of sea wirklich fast.
Maybe you should get laid first and not show it to someone else.
Your soul has gone backwards.
That was an episode I couldn't finish but you already played it.

I said, let me turn with him.
You're mogues.
You've been around to cause violence with the UFO.
Could you bring me my life?
pleasure starship?
Are you one of the
frightened? Do you know
the law? Do you know
the laws of planetary
motion?
Are you one of the
disappeared?
Children,
build your own
ships.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Uh, yes, thank you
Chaz, because
as Kenneth
Starr,
the Starr, uh, the Starr
man, said
on 60 Minutes with
Diane Sawyer in 1987,
public media
should not contain
explicit or implied descriptions
of sex
acts.
Our society should be
purged of the
perverts who provide
the media with pornographic
material while pretending
it has some
redeeming social value
under the public's
right to
know.
Pornography
is pornography
regardless
of the source.
Again,
that was
Kenneth Starr in
1980.
In 1887, on an interview
with Diane Sawyer,
thank you.
Speaking of songs,
I've got a song here
based on a chapter
from the Apocryphon.
Who played that, Chaz?
Would you like to hear it?
Well, yeah, but we don't
really want to believe in Jesus.
We wanted to know.
Wait a minute, which chapter?
Uh, there's only one sin.
I had a feeling that
a population with a
monster population
would be that bad.
Adultery with an adult tree.
There you go.
All right.
You can sing along if you want.
It's not too bad.
It's a song about
adultery with an adult tree.
It's kind of bassy.
I got to EQ it.
Oh, wow.
Sounds great on the song.
Yeah, it's kind of like for,
you know.
Chaz, I have to pull
the bass down
to make it not
sort of .
That's real bassy.
People, what do you say?
Devolving into
little fat lumps of clay.
Ha ha.
Hey.
The TV
is calling.
Please don't go away.
The children are bawling.
But you can't go out and play.
There's only one sin handed down
from above.
People dying in guilt instead of
living in love.
People, where are you going?
On each Sunday morn.
While you pray to your monster.
The kids are home watching porn.
And do they really see?
Yon rose crowns of thorns.
That the mall that they're building.
Is where my red brother was.

I'm just going to go to the

There's only one sin.
You've got to get a
.
.
Handed down from above.
That's the hook line.
People dying in guilt.
Instead of living in love.
Yeah.
There's only one sin.
There's only one sin, child.
Handed down from above.
It's handed down from above,
from the mountain top.
Yeah.
People dying in guilt.
People dying in guilt.
Yeah.
Instead of living in love.
It's actually a Timothy Leary line there.
People dying in guilt.
Instead of living in rub.
People dying in guilt.
I got too much time on my hands.
.
Instead of living in love.
That's beautiful.
Wow.
The problem is I don't have too much time on my hands,
but I sit up until 4 in the morning working on this silliness.
Well, but wasn't that a Perry Como hit?
Yeah.


What?
Oh, I, um, um, what, that song itself?
Yeah.
That's, I'm, I'm sure that I, I remember, uh, Perry Como singing that on TV when I was a
kid.
Yeah, me too.
With those, with those words?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Really?
Well, maybe it got sewn into my, what year would that have been?
That would be, uh, 57.
Oh, actually the early 60s, I guess.
Yeah, like 62.
Yeah.
I'm, I'm, yeah, I may have been plopped in front of a TV at that point and it could have
gotten in then and maybe not.
Yeah, he sang, he was talking about child masturbation there on the, on the, when he
sang on Ed Sullivan.
Yeah, it was the first time they showed actual.
Well, he also said he got that from Bob's, uh, teaching.
It was the first time they showed live masturbation on the Ed Sullivan show.
Yeah, they didn't do it again after that either.
No, I guess, I guess, yeah, that was like the first and last time, wasn't it?
They sold it, yeah.
Yeah.
The big, uh, Vaseline, uh, ad campaign going on then.
Right, right.
That was something to do with.
That was no, that was Wildwood's, you know, people don't remember that.
I mean, that was a big scandal, the whole Perry Como child masturbation thing.
Well, he was a barber, remember?
He was a barber.
He was originally a barber, and that's how he got involved with Vaseline.
Oh, right, right.
He was, he was.
Oh, well, you remember in, in like, about the time I was in fifth grade, there was this
little song going around, Perry Como was a homo, and he ran through this land.
Remember that?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, I'll sing that from Brooklyn to, uh.
Well, yeah, but we had a different melody.
It's Perry Como was a homo, and he ran through the land, and he, da, da, da, da, and he,
da, in his hand.
Something about, something about, and if you don't, you know, it's sort of like a boogeyman
thing.
Pulled up the train, and he's.
Yeah.
If you go out tonight, kids.
We had a good one.
Perry Como might be there.
Yeah.
So watch out.
We had a good one about, uh, Davy Crockett.
Well, I can't sing it on the air.
Yeah, same here.
We had, we had several about Davy Crockett and the Alamo.
Yeah.
Actually, you know, I was always interested in, in the actual evolution of, of the Miss
Lucy song.
Like, when did people first start singing Miss Lucy?
All they ever did around me was going, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're a real blank up, yeah,
yeah, yeah, you're.
No, no, no, no, it was like, uh, Miss, Miss Lucy.







Miss Lucy had a steamboat, the steamboat had a bell.
Miss Lucy had a head, uh, had, uh, went to heaven, and the steamboat went to hello operator.
Ding, ding.
Please give me number nine.
And if you disconnect me, I will kick in your behind the frigerator.
There is a piece of glass.
Uh, Miss Lucy sat upon it, and it stuck into her.
Ask me no more questions.
Tell me no more lies.
The boys are in the bathroom, and they're pulling down their flies.
They're in the pantry.
Bees are in the park.
The boys and girls are kissing in the D-A-R-K.
Dark, dark, dark.
That was like.
Wow.
Man, that's pretty, uh, I thought we were about to get bleeped every other line.
I thought bleepo was gonna get bleeped.
No, it was all clean.
It was all FCC approved.
That's, that's an okay song to sing now.
On flats and slats.
How?
And some seemingly left to die or to dive in to another existence because.
So far the reading has not been positive.
So friends, it is tricky sometimes to, uh, to get by with the FCC.
You know, they're, they're picky about certain things, and, and we like to be tricky, tricky
about other things.
Because, you know, happy.
Happy.
Happy.






Like if X day, if it, if it can't be X day, then we'll just have to make due with sex
day.
When they're not looking, well you're, cause you never know when they might just suddenly
decide to broadcast what, what they know about you.
I was reading this history of Russia and my friend, man, I can't believe how bad they
had it there.
It was almost worse than a science fiction.
movie. That novel 1984 that's actually based on Soviet Russia was actually soft peddling it,
if anything. It was like people would rat on their own friends just so they'd look good to the regime.
It was like an insane huge junior high run by peevish 12-year-old boys with whole armies at
their disposal, only they were really fat old men that could do anything to silence any opposition.
You see, if some opposition guy started to look good, they'd find some sexual peccadillo or whatnot,
trump that up, and suddenly have it splashed all over the secret police-controlled press, and
the whole time they'd be saying it was for the good of the state and the good of the children.
They were actually ultra-puritanical as far as laws and stuff,
you know, before the crash. But they'd always managed to provide tons of pornography to the
proles in the guise of stuff like, oh, take a close look at what this evil opposition Dumas guy
did with this young girl. Oh, shameful! Take a closer look so you can see how really, really
shameful it is. Look at these films we made of him right after they had just finished doing it.
And look, here she is right after the interrogation, crying about all those awful things.
He
made her do it. You know, if I lived in a country like that where the secret police
could be that blatant, you know what I'd do? I'd probably just keep my mouth shut and
not complain, because I'd be afraid it might be me next. And I'd probably just get in line
with all those other good citizens and start hollering along with them about how evil that
Goldstein guy is.
Ah, but friends, my lips are... Oh, whoa, whoa! My lips are still flapping, and my tapes...
My tapes are cracking.
That was F.I., by the way, not Helioscopium. Helioscopium is the name of the CD, and F.I.
is the name of the band at Box 93765, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, 53203. Anyway, friends, the...
Oh, what have I got here? It's a... Put the... Chazzit. Oh, the ESO X-Day jam in the background
here. Friends, my lips are flapping. Flapping and crapping. Oh, my lips are flapping. Oh,
boy, are they

Got to get talking, kids!
Simmon and Crackin'?
Because I'm recuperating from this third nostril repair surgery I had and snot amputation,
friends. It was supposed to cure my brain problem of vertigo.
And I've been on too many painkillers to do much work that requires brains, skill, talent,
or the barest modicum of technical know-how, but luckily, that doesn't preclude subgenius
audio and video editing, so...
It would be good, if you could if you could.






Even though I'm in the midst of this eight feet underwater haze of drugs and bandits changing, I managed to edit a mass, friends, of audio and videotape from all the preaching and jamming that we did in the final months before the first end of the world.
But a couple of days ago, friends, the witch doctor removed the cerebronasal splints and took a pair of pliers and yanked from my right nostril a plastic tube the size of a child's finger.
And from my left nostril, he withdrew with great effort a thick plastic semicircular plate about two and a half inches long and an inch high.
Those objects had been inside.
My head for the last week.
Those and gore and ever oozing font of thick black congealed blood, my friends.
And this black blood is still oozing, but it runs down the back of my throat now instead of into the gauze pad, which is strapped onto my nose even as I speak now.
Yesterday, I woke up puking up all the black ichor and the bitter.
Well, let's not go there, friends, but praise Bob.
I can snort again.
I can snort again.
Friends, the new Stark Fist of Removal magazine went to the printers.
Praise Jesus Christ and all who have worked on that, Craig Mitchell and so on.
And it includes catalog pictures of our new line, an incredible new line of subgenius wear t-shirts.
And you'll ape when you shirt these shirts out of you, my friends, as Jesus said.
So, okay, okay.
Well, you guys are sick, you know, like you already said before.
No, man, we're just a reflection of what of society.
You have to cover it with your moon pants.
Yeah, we're a reflection of the moon pants of society around us.
Cover it with your moon pants.
I like the little dighty moon pants the best.
Yes, seekers.
Yes, seekers.
If you were really cool, you'd wear great big, huge moon pants.
They're like, and what are moon pants, you ask?
They're the pants like the astronauts wear on the moon with great big diapers.
So you can just lean back and just float and just let go.
And fill up the whole space suit.
And your underwear is liquid cooled.
Speak about underwear and all.
What are moon pies?
That is an old southern delicacy.
That actually comes out of an astronaut's underwear.
Moon pies.
Well, I ground up the moon pies and crammed them into the Coke bottles and shook it up and then drank it.
That's what I did.
There goes your esophagus.
There goes your bowel.
There goes.
Yeah, well.
I'd rather drink the sperm from one of your sequels outside the window than drink that drink, whatever you're talking about.
Now, what?
The important thing is that you're not drunk.
All right.
Well, I think that's correct.
I mean, aren't you unnecessarily confident, like?
unknown, led by a man who, for all I knew, was mad.
A second door, located in the outer shell of the
knot of a slid back, and in another moment, I was treading the floor of the
ocean. Oh, my dear friends, how can I describe the sight
that met my eyes? A fantastic dream? No, more like
an emotion. Yes, an emotion, that's it.
I moved through unbelievable beauty, no longer feeling the drag of
my clothing and weighted shoes. The water acted like a prism
for the early morning sun, so that we walked in the radiance of the
seven solar colors. The Navy has been recording
the ocean for sonar reasons for hundreds of years.
And you can play those tapes back, and the sounds
inside the ocean, when played back at like four or five
times normal speed, it sounds just like a forest.
The fish and the whales.
Chirp and whistle and
the sound that comes off of the underwater trees
and so forth. And the nuclear submarine.
Superior mutants,
repent, quit your job, slack off.
The world ends tomorrow.
And you may die.
Well, no, probably not. But whatever you do, just keep listening.
The end times is here.
You're pretty bad.
At last, the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it. The only faith that promises
action, thrills, success in sex and business.
Having all the guilt, but none of the sex.
I did not put you here to suffer.
No, I did not put you here to whine.
I put you here to love one another.
Yes!
And did I have a good time now, now, now?
Let my people go, go, go.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let my people go, go, go.
Hey, you gotta, oh, you gotta.
Let my people go, go, go.
You gotta let my people go, go, go.
Or they're destroyed.
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes, your time shall triumph.
See, the more you get going on here,
the more you get going on here, the more you get going on here.
That's a New Orleans accent.
Could I not hear that?
That's really driving me crazy.
.
.
.

.
.

.
.
. . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
.
A partially obstructed license plate and some tests you got.
I like a partially obstructed face in the back of my hand.
So he asked me to step out of the vehicle.
And lo and behold, there's a canine unit right there.
Coincidence? I think not.
So they send the dog into my vehicle.
And he starts rooting around, sniffing at this.
And all of a sudden he stops.
And he looks at the cop.
And he looks at me.
And he says, whoops.
You want a piece of me?
You want a piece of me?
You want a piece of me?
Well, come on, dog.
You want a piece of me?
You want a piece of me?
You want a piece of me?
You want a piece of me?
I'll kick your little canine butt over this freeway.
You may make more money with me, but you're still a dog.
So, upon the suggestion of this dog,
the police just start tearing apart our entire vehicle.
Just going through everything, showing no regard,
looking for something that's just not there.
You see, they had apparently mistaken me for some kind of a drug dealer.
Running drugs up and down I-71,
giving drugs to all of Ohio.
But that's not me.
And that's not the people that I run with.
And slowly, I think the police were starting to realize that I'm one of the good guys.
That I care about people, and this country, and for what it stands for.
And then they found my ball.
So this cop gets right back in my face.
He's like, what's this, huh?
What's this, sonny?
I thought you told me you didn't have any.
Why'd you lie to me?
Why'd you lie to me?
I'm like, wait a minute, man.
I told you I didn't have any.

Father pleasures studying are 13-10 states.
I never lied to you.
I told you I didn't have any.
I never, like, told you I never, ever smoked any.
Besides, there's nothing in there.
I scraped it myself.
You want a piece of me, you want to piece of me?
You want a piece of me?
Well, come on, cop.
You want a piece of me?
You want a piece of me?
You want a piece of me?
You want a piece of me?
Come on, man.
You want a piece of me?
You want a piece of me?
You want a piece of me?
Can't let a galaaa dig inside myosaic.
This is just unhealthy.
It's opened, objection is esque.
You give a little girl the call, and a girl's a faggot.
I was just glad about this time.
This cop actually expects me to thank him for letting me go.
After judging me.
Thank you, officer. Have a nice day.
It oozes like a farm-fresh prairie squid on a hot, slick platter.
If you buy one, you get one free.
Big money, fast luck.
All yours for only a buck.
It's so cute and cuddly,
it can smash a cow's skull with a single swipe.
UFOs surround you constantly.
Constantly breaking the tolerance barrier.
UFOs surround you constantly.
And the problem occurs out of theresent.
The epidemic has become a more obviousrhpsw sociedade,
pakai a pl perishagpera.

Wake up and smell a sodium pentothal.
Sit still
Stop thinking.
Shut up!
Get out.
I am yesterday, today, tomorrow.
All things are one in Yotzefala.
Buy an egg without haggling.
Surgical operations and dancing girls
are fruitful fields for the beginner.
There are bewitchments galore at your local store.
Bewitchments galore at your local store.
Bewitchments galore.
But you tried everything.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Learn to think big.
Develop the tricks of length extension.
Bring your weirdest dreams to rampaging life.
Stand erect for your own abnormality.
Get sacked and fall a cane every day.
The student of Dobbs' training is practically forced
to bring his strangest desires into rampaging life.
I used to get embarrassed about my glass madness.
Now I get paid.
The pinks pay me for that.
They pay me fabulous sums of money
for what they used to put me in jail for.
Thanks to Bob.
Dobbs is seen to it that he exercises this abnormality.
To do otherwise, he teaches,
would be nothing short of spiritual suicide.
This just in.
Three astronauts of the ill-fated Mars mission X
are hopelessly adrift.
The explosion in their primary fuel tank
has put them on a trajectory out of the solar system.
We now join the Capcom coverage in progress.
It looks like...
The wires are gonna break.
Make sure you don't break the wiring there.
It's very tender stuff.
They don't use a lot of...
It looks like any of the pictures, though.
Spin them around.
Oh, there.
There.
There.
There.
It looks kinda like that one there.
Now that looks like...
I can make that out almost.
It's yellow.
Why is it yellow?
It's okay.
It looks red.
Why is it red?
Why is that?
It means it's infected.
It's red?
It's yellow.
Am I seeing the wrong thing or right or what?
But it's breathing normally.
I don't think it's infected.
I think it's from another species.
My gosh, man.
Are we seeing the same thing?
Mine's like yellow and it's breathing like something.
Your future's slightly different from my future
because you're over there and I'm over here.
So you're all red but you're breathing normally.
I'm yellow but I'm breathing fast.
Right.
So like over here, if a bird flaps its wings in Brazil,
it affects you.
Over where you are, like a bird has to flap its wings in Brazil
for it to affect you.
Mob is a way of life to millions,
yet half of them don't even know it.
He's the one true living slack master
with the spiritual know-how to help you bash through
the locked doorway to find the truth.
In financial heaven, he is the one real shortcut to slack.
I'm tired.
You see, there's this little nine-year-old boy in Florida
who has a terminal illness and his last dying wish
is to be remembered in the Guinness Book of Records
for being the recipient of the most greeting cards
in the whole world.
And I was out collecting greeting cards
for my little buddy Jimmy and it was getting dark
and this car came towards me that didn't have its lights on.
So I flashed my headlights at them
and the next thing I knew, my windshield was shattering,
my back glass was shattering,
and my car came to a complete stop.
Turns out, there's this gang that has an initiation
where they ride around with their lights out
and when someone flashes their headlights on and off at them,
they shoot them.
Well, they managed to put a couple slugs into my engine block,
so the next day I was reading the want ads,
and there I saw it.
1965 Chevy, $250.
And I said to myself,
well, that might just be able to get me down to Florida
so I could deliver the thousands of greeting cards
to my little buddy Jimmy so he could fulfill his dying wish
and be remembered in the Guinness Book of Records
for being the recipient of the most greeting cards
in the whole world.
So I called my friend and asked him to drive out
and look at the 1965 Chevy.
He said he'd come right over,
and I started watching the Phil Donahue show,
and they had the president of a large corporation.
I won't say which one.
Don't ask me which one it was,
because I'm not going to tell you.
But they had the president of a large corporation on there
saying his company's profits were being used to build satanic churches.
Well, my friend honked his horn,
and I told him I wasn't leaving until I threw out all my cake mix,
and I took about ten minutes to throw out my satanic cake mix,
and I wish I would have waited for him.
I was just so sad because when we finally arrived
at that place where the 1965 Chevy was advertised,
we saw a 1965 cherry red Corvette in mint condition
pulling out of the driveway.
So we asked the little old lady if the 1965 Chevy was still for sale,
and she said she just sold it to a fellow who stopped by five minutes ago,
and he drove it out of the driveway just as we pulled in.
Well, I was feeling pretty sad,
having just missed out on a brand new 1965 Corvette,
for $250,
and I was wondering how I was going to get my greeting cards down to Florida
for my little buddy Jimmy,
so he could fulfill his dying wish
and be remembered in the Guinness Book of Records
as the recipient of the most greeting cards in the whole world.
And we were driving back home on the highway,
and we saw this car that had something on the roof.
Well, we got a little closer and saw that it was a baby in a baby carrier.
So we pulled up alongside this man and woman and said,
Hey, you got a baby on your roof.
And they looked at us, and they looked at each other,
and they looked at us, and pulled over to the side of the road.
Turns out this young couple were on vacation with their baby
when they got a call from home,
so they turned right around and drove and drove and drove.
And they had the baby sitting between them,
and when the man got tired of driving,
he pulled over to the side of the highway and they switched drivers.
But when they did, the man put the baby on the roof
so his wife could just slide over,
and then he ran around to the passenger side and climbed in,
and they took off and forgot about the baby on the roof.
They said the reason they were in such a hurry to get home
was that someone called and told them about a Corvette that was on sale for $75,
and they were so grateful for telling them about the baby
that they would just give us the address of the woman selling the Corvette,
and from then on they'd start thinking more about their baby
and start thinking less about Corvettes.
So we were all set to look at the Corvette,
but we had to run by the drugstore
so my friend could get his pictures of his Jamaican vacation.
So he picked up his pictures,
and the funny thing about those pictures,
my friend and three of his buddies were vacationing in Jamaica,
so one day they went down to the beach,
and when they got back to their hotel room,
everything was gone except their toothbrushes and my friend's camera.
Well, they felt fortunate enough,
at the time, because at least they could brush their teeth while they were in Jamaica,
but when my friend got his film developed,
there was this one picture of a fat Jamaican's rear end bending over for the camera
with four toothbrush handles sticking out of it.
I felt bad for my friend, but we couldn't linger on it,
because as soon as we got to his house,
there was his Rottweiler with a dead rabbit at his feet.
We got out of the car and looked at it,
and it was his next door neighbor's prized Belgian hair.
Well, we couldn't have his neighbor lady coming down hard on my friend's Rottweiler,
because she was this old crazy woman with a beehive haircut,
and you don't ever know what someone with a beehive haircut might do,
because if they're crazy enough to get a beehive haircut,
then they're crazy enough to do just about anything.
So we took the rabbit inside and washed the mud off of it
and blow dried it and propped it up in his cage,
just as his neighbor lady was pulling in the drive.
We sneaked away before she could see us and went back to my friend's house
when we heard an ungodly scream coming from his neighbor lady's yard.
We ran over to her house, and his neighbor lady was in tears,
so we asked what's the matter, and she said she buried her rabbit just that morning,
and some sicko had gone and dug it up and put it back in its cage.
Where I rode, I saw a rabbit.
I rushed my friend along before some other lucky sucker came by
and bought another Corvette before I could get my hands on it.
So we rushed over to where a woman was selling a chartreuse Corvette
with pink racing stripes for $75.
Friends, does that tape make you feel like you're going completely insane?
Like you're going mad?
Well, we've been playing stuff from
Oh Hither and Yon.
Obviously, I finally started playing tapes that people have been sending in.
Let's see. We started with, on this side, with Mandala,
that heavy, heavy song, Piece of Me.
You want a piece of me?
That was Mandala, a Cleveland band that I don't know at all.
I don't even know where that tape came from, if they mailed it to us or what.
Here's their address.
P.O. Box 470.
441 Cleveland, Ohio.
44147.
There was that song, Prairie Squid.
Well, it wasn't exactly a song. It was sort of talking over a thing.
That's a mysterious tape.
It's a tape from something called Likewise in Tacoma, Washington.
It was all lines.
Mostly lines.

It's from Book of the Subgenius.
I've been running a lot of Media Barrage stuff from the old Hour of Slack 79 work tape.
A lot of Media Barrage 10's intro barrage.
And of course, Einstein's Secret Orchestra radio.
Quite a bit of Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
And that very last thing, Urban Legends,
is from a tape called Frank Tyro, Unplugged.
And that's all I know about that one, too, friends.
I don't know how much longer that set of Urban Legends goes on.
But now we know who all those legendary things happened to.
Let's go back to this Prairie Squid song, which continues.
Bored.
Confused.
Lonely.
Weird.
Your clandestiny can be changed.
It's cheap at any price.
Learn incredible truths at bargain prices.
Or continue to gallivant, lollygag, and spend money senselessly.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Let figure off.
They'll be choking on our dust come morning.
You fools, both of you.
You're being used, don't you see?
As Pastor Buyer Smith here is taking up the slack.
Oh, you want slack?
I'll give you slack.
You're not putting me out for Pastorello, I quit.
Consider this my resignation.
Effected immediately.
Cling, scodka.
I'm a free man.
I'm a free man.
Have you heard?
It's in style.
The original words are still true.
Black.
Black, black.
Black, black.

Next July we collide with Mars!
The world ends this July 5th.
Well, did you ever?
Did you ever see a dream walking?
I did.
Now, see another dimension on your TV.
Yes, fear the stark fist of removal no longer.
Become physically attractive overnight.
Attain status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
Bob's promises to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior
to explore new ways of going over the edge.
My name is Onan Canabite.
Between 1982 and 1998,
I was a member of the Church of the Seventh,
a subgenius.
I organized subgenius resistance cells
among my family, friends, and coworkers.
I distributed subgenius literature
and redirected community resources
to the Subgenius Foundation.
But since my enrollment in the human re-education camp,
I have seen the error of my ways.
I have made this recording of my own free will
to urge those few remaining subgeniuses to come forward.
Our alien masters have kindly offered a general amnesty
to all subgeniuses who entered their local human world.
Our instructors seem to augment the effect of their educationinka
into anнуть their 시작ling Stand.
ôWeeds After renovations were started,


The preemptive individuality to rails
Those who attended the Reiem Order Center
were expected to receive an additional ten percent
which was predicted to be aام
a reasonable half second pequeña

Ingeme after reHAHA.
ufگ Behave as erabic we.
Oh!
Jesus.
I have to live in a flyover zone.
Open channel duty, please.
Hey, Reverend Rockinghead.
Yeah, Reverend Susie the Floozy here.
Uh, yeah, I'm, uh...
I'm experiencing some really weird phenomena here.
Yeah, ha, ha, ha. I mean, really.
It seems to be localized in my closet.
I thought you and the lymph node institute techs
might want to come on over with some equipment and take some readings.
You know, I was just spending the afternoon running an inventory in my closet.
You know how I'm clothing impaired,
so I have to have everything all numbered and all,
and...
all of a sudden, I noticed something was out of the ordinary.
I mean, up until a point, everything was fine.
It was just hung perfectly.
Yeah, ha, ha, ha.
No, I mean, hanger after hanger,
hanger one, hanger two, everything was perfect,
all the way up to number 17.
But when I got to the next one,
my chupacabra-skin hot pants, remember that outfit?
It was all covered with some sort of wadding.
I mean, it was all just a weird, gooey ectoplasm.
No!
Reverend, you don't understand what I'm trying to tell you!
Something is seriously wrong with hanger 18!
No, no, I don't watch the X-Files.
At least not since I realized that it wasn't the triple X-Files.
Hello?
Hello?
.
We've been cut off!
I tell you, Seekers, it's...
It's like it's some sort of conspiracy or something.
We're not here to be loved

We're here to destroy
We are here to imply
And let the truth be known.
Truth, a truth unlike the Roswell incident,
Hanger 18, and so on and so forth.
Bermuda Triangle stuff they have.
And for the Philadelphia experiment,
and on and on and on, it just goes on.
And let the public know.
If you're listening to your ham radio,
or as they say, amateur radio,
and you get some kind of strange signals on your radio,
and you're turning them in, and you're tuning them in there,
and you hear something that sounds a little something like this.
Welcome, Seekers, to Bob's Slapdunk Funhouse.
Now, if the FBI doesn't get you, or the FCC,
the KGB surety.
But anyway, that's what you do if you get there.
No one would be stupid enough to believe that.
A conspiracy bigger than the prophecies.
The Bible says there is coming a world government at the end of the age.
It'll last for three and a half years.
It's going to be an absolute dictatorship,
and it does not give the names,
but we're watching world news.
It's going to be through the United Nations organization.
But how did this world government get its foundation?
How did it begin?
In 1776, a man by the name of Adam Weishaupt,
that you see on the screen with me,
founded the modern-day version of the Illuminati.
Adam Weishaupt was a member of the Jesuit order of the Catholic Church,
and the Pope suspended that order,
because of atrocities and dealing in demonic activities,
and witchcraft, and Satanism.
This man believed in Lucifer as God and worshipped him.
So Adam Weishaupt actually founded the modern-day Illuminati.
Illuminati means illuminated ones.
They were illuminated by Satan the devil.
They preferred to call him Lucifer.
And so the modern-day version of the Illuminati
was founded May 1, 1776,
approximately the same time
when the United States of America was being formed.
He put the accent on American,
as opposed to the world socialist revolution
now smothering the American people.
The world communazi revolution, which, he reminded me,
was launched in Germany May 1, 1776.
From precisely the same post office box
as the Church of the Subgenius.
That post office box number which I am about to give.
And that number is Bob.
At post office box,
140306,
Dallas, Texas,
75214.
That's Bob at P.O. Box,
140306,
Dallas, Texas,
75214.
Ah, yes, and thank you, Susie the floozy,
for that wonderful beginning barrage there
on the Illuminati.
Um, that was one of Bob's earliest experiments,
of course.
Which came first, you know, the chicken or the egg?
Well, whichever one got across the road
was the first into Bob's pocket.
My friend, will you be the next into Bob's pocket?
We'll find out next week.
Dobbs Willie.
Karl Marx was actually contracted by the Illuminati
to update their program for world government.
He put it in the form of the Communist Manifesto.
It laid down their goals and their programs.
A few of those goals was to have public education
for all students,
so that they would be able to propagandize
and to socialize the mind of those individuals
who attended those public schools.
Growling a nation of television viewers into hysteria
to sweep us up into the White House
with powers that will make martial law seem like anarchy.
Who controls the British crown?
Who keeps the metric system down?
We do.
We do.
Who links Atlantis off the maps?
Who keeps the Martians under wraps?
We do.
We do.
Who holds back the electric car?
Who makes the Gutenberg a star?
We do.
We do.
Who robs state bishops of their site?
Who rigs every after night?
We do.
We do.
We do.
We do.
So it is, international communism, socialism,
under the control of the Illuminati,
worshippers of Satan the devil.
Flawless, soulless, spiritless, corporate little bitches,
suckers of Satan .
Suck it.
It's only your dignity. Suck it.
You have to breathe the smell.
Well, there was no way I could buy that car,
because I couldn't drive all the way down to Florida
to deliver my greeting cards to my little buddy Jimmy,
so that he could be remembered in the Guinness Book of Records
as the recipient of the most greeting cards in the whole world,
with my head out the window all the time.
And we had to get going, because my friend works at the airport.
And the day before, they had a package that came in from New York City,
and it got crushed.
And when they opened it up, they found a little black poodle inside.
Well, my friend and his coworkers all felt bad,
and my friend decided to make it up to the owner.
