Musik
10, 9, 7, 6, 8, 5, 3, 2, 1
2, 4, 1, Feuer!
The Soul Genius
Power of Swag
The narrow chin and the eyes close together
and slack jaw with a prominent overbite
For my money, he's got all the facial characteristics
The Soul Genius
Power of Swag

Power of Swag
Yeah, yeah, you were funny, you're funny, alright, you're a scream
You ought to get a job in one of those excursion boats
Help! Help!
Jake, stop this crazy thing!
Jake!
Help!
Oh, oh, I guess we're capable, alright
but somehow or another it just don't come as natural to us as it does to you
The human male never stops
He seems to progress past adolescence
And that's what this show is all about, friends
The human male
Actually, the subgenius male
Actually, the subgenius weirdo
never getting past adolescence
Actually, what this episode is really about is weirdos and sex
And so we have lots of weirdos and lots of sex
and it's mostly from the recordings of our preach-a-thons
across Northern Europe a couple of months ago
preaching to the saved but laidless
that the laidless are not alone in this world



The laidless might be laid and the slackless gain slack
This might require descending to the toilets
The toilets in the basement
The basement of the abandoned film school on Overtum in Amsterdam
Where, if you creep through enough dank stinking catacombs
you will eventually come to Holland's true underground radio
The pirate station of Radio Free Patipo
There really is a radio station down here
Come and piss in here, beware, high voltage
Piss or be a radio station
Or both
Piss or poo, one or the other
Welcome to Radio Pissipoo
Piss and poo
Piss and poo
Piss and poo
Piss and poo
Okay, this was the programma
Radio Patipo 97.2 FM Amsterdam
Okay, this was the programma Radio Patipo 97.2 FM Amsterdam
We got the honorable Reverend Ivan Stang here
We got the honorable Reverend Ivan Stang here
The Prince of Laredo
Yai yai yai
Yai yai yai yai
Yai yai yai yai yai
The lovely Zanya
Who else will have the mic?
Who else will have the mic?
Who else will have the mic?
Sexually, I think he meant
And certainly
The great phallic symbol of the microphone
The great phallic symbol of the microphone
Which is looking straight on the mic
Which is looking straight on the mic
And because it's Radio Patipo
And because it's Radio Patipo

Yai yai yai yai yai yai yai
Yai yai yai yai yai yai yai
A beautiful religious interlude
A beautiful religious interlude
As we said
As we said
We want to encourage
We want to encourage
New sins
We're bored with the old ones
Feel free to call and let us know
We're bored with the old ones
Feel free to call and let us know
If
Do we have any new sins
Like the confessional
Like the confessional
Hippo whipping?
The public confessional

Actually, I'm not really into Hippo
I'm not really into Hippo whipping
One of my friends is
Das ist ein Teil der undergrounden Hippowippung.
Das ist ein Teil der undergrounden Hippowippung.
Sie nehmen Hippos, dressen sie in Kloseten und wippen sie mit...
Rubberducks.
Das scheint unfair und schuldig für das Tier zu sein.
Außer das Tier es sexuell aufzunehmen, sind Sie ein bisschen verletzt.
Oh, das sieht...
Ich glaube, sie glauben nicht, dass sie adulte Hippos verwenden.
Wir haben natürlich immer ein Wort darüber.
Oh, na gut, so lange sie adult sind, glaube ich.
Sie verwenden adulte Hippos, ja.
Und wenn der Hippo nicht...
Ich glaube, wenn ein Hippo nicht zu diesem Art von sexuellen Spiel verabschiedet ist,
würde er Sie wissen.
Durch winken.
Durch winken.
Oder sein Geistwort könnte dich in die Hälfte bewegen.
Es ist ein Dinosaurier, wie ein Hals.
Der Wartezimmer ist erwartet zu werden.
Eine Art, die die Erkenntnisse in einem anderen Weltraum bewegen, ist es, um sicherzustellen, dass die Bedingungen vorhanden sind.
Britanniens höchstes Gericht hat besprochen, dass das Regierung dort keine Türen aus Türen aus Türen ausstellen können.
Das Geschäftsamt sagt, dass die Nationen Türen in der dritten Quartal etwas erhöht sind, aber nicht so viel, wie es in den Berichten ist.
Das macht es eine Rekord-Kreisgap, die die amerikanische Anforderungen auf importierte Türen aus Türen aus Türen ausgibt, die von Sex-Fällern verwendet werden.
Das Regierung hat heute geäußert, dass 167 Millionen Millionen Millionen Türen ausgetragen wurden.
gegen die Behandlung.
Bob hat die Türkei verurteilt, um die Türkei-Steroide zu verarbeiten, die die PR-News in Washington verursachen werden.
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...




Und ich habe tatsächlich Menschen gesagt, komm zu mir,
sagen, ich weiß nicht, ob ich es noch mehr nehmen kann.
Und eine Sache, die ich gelernt habe, ist,
es ist nicht eine gute Idee, sich in ihre Schuhe zu setzen.
Es könnte etwas kontagierend sein,
wie in dem Penn & Teller-Film.
Weil wenn du nicht depressiv bist,
wenn du nicht depressiv bist, scheint es verrückt zu sein.
Du denkst, ich könnte mich nicht töten,
weil der Kinder oder was auch immer.
Aber wenn du wirklich depressiv bist,
ist das, warum du dich töten wirst.
Weil der Kinder.
Und es macht perfekten Sinn,
wenn jemand, der wirklich depressiv ist.
Und du kannst keine Sinn in ihre Hände schießen,
weil was wirst du ihnen mit threaten?
Tod.
Ein Freund meines meinte etwas wirklich Schlimmes.
Reverend Phineas Narco sagte,
einige Menschen wollen sich töten,
aber sie töten nicht,
nur weil sie Angst haben, dass ihre Mutter getötet wird.
Und ich habe mir gedacht,
dass sie sich nicht mehr so für ihre Mutter
und ihre Mutter töten wollen,
um sich zu töten.
Und dann fühlen sie sich für das schuldig.
Oder sie fühlen sich,
vielleicht nicht für ihre Mutter,
vielleicht für ihren Boss.
Oh, ich töte mich, aber mein Boss würde nur töten.
Oder Bob würde nur töten, wenn ich mich töte.
Na, du musst dich nicht über Bob kümmern.
Er hat nicht über dich zu tun.
Er hat nur über deinen Schlag zu tun.
Und das nur, damit er es für sich bekommt.
Ein sehr praktischer Guru.
Aber,
aber wirklich, Leute,
wenn ich kann,
und die meisten von euch,
die meisten von uns können darüber lachen,
aber irgendwo hier draußen,
da ist jemand, der wahrscheinlich nicht so hart lacht.
Und,
wenn du darüber denkst,
was ist der Schritt?
Okay, Gott oder Bob
werden es dir sowieso tun.
Okay?
Und wenn du es selbst versuchen kannst,
ist es definitiv,
du bist ein Amateur,
wenn du dich töten willst.
Also, du kannst dich gut auf die Arbeit bewegen.
Also, lasst es den Professionellen.
Lass Bob es für dich tun.
Und er könnte seine süße Zeit darüber nehmen.
Du könntest sogar unbelebt werden.
Oh, ich wünschte, dass Bob schnell würde, um mich zu töten.
Aber wirklich,
denkst du wirklich, dass du einen besseren Job als J.R. Bob Dobbs machen könntest?
Jetzt frage ich dich.
Also, nimm dein Zeit.
Du weißt, dass du nicht komplett korrekt bist,
dass du nicht in der Lage bist, ohne sie zu leben.
Und du kannst dich nicht mehr mit ihm oder dem Job verabschieden.
Ich habe mir einfach über einen 300 Dollar Bounce-Check über die Hände geblieben.
Also, ich weiß, wie dumm ein Subgenius sein kann.
Glück auf Bob, ein kleiner Engel, der seine Winge benötigte, kam und hat mir gezeigt, was hätte passieren sollen,
wenn ich nicht gelebt hätte.
Nun, ich kenne hier einen Menschen, der nicht gerade von einer Frau ausgelöst werden würde.
Zumindest challenges Hot-Série und soviel Damnation.
Ich habe ihm den Fluch von
Engagement begriffen, in dem Untertitel einer Quere ste cultural 이�oug transition

mit
Anzug

San Francisco against your New York.
Your Fire Island against my Sonoma.
Oh God, your New Orleans finally deep in my Texas.
Your Idaho bright on my Great Lakes.
My Kansas burning against your Kansas.
Your Kansas burning against my Kansas.
Your Eastern Standard Time pressing into my Pacific Time.
My Mountain Time beating up against your Central Time.
Your Sun rising swiftly from the right.
My Sun rising swiftly from the left.
Your Moon rising slowly from the left.
And my Moon rising slowly from the right.
Until all four bodies of the sky burn above us.
Until all four bodies of the sky burn above us.
Sealing us together.
Sealing us together.

Oh, all our cities, twin cities.
All our states united.
Oh God, we are one nation.
Oh God, we are indivisible.
With liberty and justice for all.
With liberty and justice for all.
Mmm, that was Pimp Daddy Supreme.
With liberty and justice for all.




The Pink is full of art critics.
We're looking for people who like to draw.
And draw funny hate pictures.
So people who actually like to do things as opposed to dismiss them as being not very good.
Right, or people who like to pay us to live vicariously for them.
That's the golden shot that we're after.
People who are willing to actually fund our lifestyle in order that they can build slack from us.
So that they can know someone is doing it.
Somewhere someone is.
And that's getting slack.
Well I understand that you've introduced a new Adopt a Subgenius scheme.
Whereby you can pay for a subgenius to live for say a year or so.
We just did adopt that, yes.
Just now adopted that policy.
And you receive a handwritten letter and some postcards.
Mmm, from the subgenius and maybe even some little home videos.
You can adopt a subgenius.
They're called Bob's Kids.
Some of them of course are in their 80s.
Yeah.
Most of them are in their 30s.
Well physically, physically that is.
Mentally it's very hard to put an age on them.
They're sweet, they're like the most innocent babies.
You can teach them.
It's almost like having a little child in your house all over again.
With all the attendant cuteness and clean up.
Oh so if you adopt a subgenius you do actually have to have them living with you.
It's not like one of those zoo schemes.
Well no, you can send them money.
In fact a lot of them would prefer that you merely send them enough money.
I've heard that.
I know a few who have said that.
You can adopt your subgenius and they'll send you videos now and then of what they spent it on.
Or you can have them come and live in your home.
There's also subgenius swingers clubs which is similar but not exactly the same.
But possibly makes more of a mess.
Well no, that depends.
Actually the, well there's the infantilism.
Let's not get lost in the dark.
Clearly it's detailed.
The important thing is slack.
And give, if you, see if you don't have slack yourself, you can give slack to another person in the form of your money.
It's that simple.
And this is a time of giving.
It's Christmas.
We think of how, what Jesus gave for us.
And we spend on Jesus.
I spent on Jesus just a little earlier.
Yeah.
As we've pointed out before, you know, he's a sexy man hanging there.
Oh the fighting Jesus.
The point cloth.
There's a lot of flesh on show.
And only the Virgin Mary dressed the same as Jesus did.
Why don't you know the Catholic Church would be bigger than the Beatles?
We need more mother breasts in religion.
It would cause a big upswing in Christian faith.
In the Church of the Subgenius we worship the, we elevate the female breasts.
And I don't mean just with those silly push-up bras.
Although we love our hangers.
All shapes and sizes.
Well I suppose the nearest subgenius counterpart to the Mary role would be, would I be right in saying that, would be Connie?
Right.
Connie is the feminine, you might say the real power behind Bob in some respects.
Certainly the only intelligence behind Bob.
So behind every good man there's a bad woman.
Well she often is right up in front.
You'll notice taking care of business.
She's quite a strong-willed woman.
She's been running the church a certain way that I guess she seems to see fit.
She seems to, I guess Connie thinks that she knows better than Bob.
And of course Bob hasn't exactly been around either.
So we're, if we seem to be just sort of straight in the dark.
Stumbling around blindly waiting for Bob to provide those flying saucers and end of the world that he promised when he founded this religion.
Oh yeah, the end of the world.
The long promised end of the world.
That promise.
Yes, well I get a lot of flack about that.
Being Bob's main flack catcher.
But I worry about it myself.
You know how many X days are we gonna stand there faithfully waiting at 7 o'clock in the morning.
As Jesus said, who came up with that?
Couldn't it have been 7 in the evening?
It's like hey man, Bob works, Bob, the Lord works in mysterious ways.
But Bob plays in mysterious ways, you see friends.
Bob plays in mysterious ways.
Yeah, he played a little trick on me as soon as I got to Amsterdam.
He took my wallet.
Bob's got my wallet somewhere.
I tricked him, no I didn't have any money in it.
Nothing but credit cards, fake money.
I tricked Bob.
So we should use this opportunity.
Should anyone find a stray wallet lying on the street with credit cards in it, please return it to us.
Right, that'll be P.O. Box 1417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
If you find any stray wallet, it's mine.
Because we're assuming a wallet full of credit cards will lay untouched for a couple of days at least.
Yeah guys.
P.O. Box 1417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
That's that country that, yeah, I know.
I know how you feel.
I apologize, I'm sorry.
Is that near America?
I voted for Bob, okay?
Don't blame me, I voted for Bob.
You can actually buy a button that says that right now off of our website at www.subgenius.com.
It's strange, it's hard to find residents of the USA who did vote for Bob.
It's strange, it's hard to find residents of the USA who did vote for Bob.

Yes, our friends had John Kerry sucks less bumper stickers.
John Kerry sucks less.
That, yeah, that's...
What was that old saying?
Summed it up.
Don't change dicks mid screw vote for Nixon.
Dick Nixon before he dicks you.
Yeah.
Don't change dicks in the middle of a screw.
Dick Nixon before he dicks you.
So...
Not many remember them times before big...
His big sister came along and made us hate him.
What's his name?
Clinton or Osama or whatever.
Whichever one was there at the time.
So does this mean that we're now in a time where Bob should be running for president?
Well, Bob, theoretically Bob might as well be world overlord.
But we wouldn't know it.
He's too important to run for president.
For all we know, he already is world overlord.
And all of this strife and silliness that we see in the news is all part of Bob's plan.
That will somehow pay off in slack.
Or perhaps things would be even worse under certain butterfly effects.
But isn't that the interesting thing?
We, his trusted foot soldiers, have no idea what his master plan is.
And indeed, if in the end we're actually in the master plan...
If we knew, there wouldn't be anything we could do about it.
If Bob said...
If Bob says that traffic light is green, everybody else around you sees it red,
you put your foot on the ground.

If you see Bob running off a cliff, are you going to follow him?
Hell yes.
Yes.
You know, if you see him wearing a blindfold walking off a cliff,
you're going to follow him anyway.
Because that's what faith is all about.
That's why we have Bob.
The only good faith is blind faith.
It's all his fault. Blind faith is only true faith.
If your eyes are getting in the way of your faith,
if you see Bob holding up those four fingers and still think it's four and not five,
then tear out your eyes. Blind yourself.
Because that's better than seeing the false slack that the conspiracy is dangling in front of you, sir ma'am.
And indeed none are so blind as those who have no eyes.
Ma'am, sir.
None are so blind as those who have no eyes.
And so, well, since we refuse to get jobs, we're hoping that these aliens from outer space will come and say it.
And so, well, since we refuse to get jobs, we're hoping that these aliens from outer space will come and say it.
He did say that the aliens would come and save us and destroy our enemies on July 5th, 1998.
And because of that we know that they've been messing with the calendars and it is not yet even the year 1998.
We don't know what year this is.
We don't even know what planet this is.
Some say that Earth and Mars are the same.

Mars was switched during World War II.
It was used as a cover for the replacement.
You didn't know, you hadn't heard that one, had you?
Well, you see, I told you there's a lot that they don't tell you in conspiracy schools.
And so meanwhile we have to worry about the world getting worse, as I said.
You know, the greenhouse effect, the ozone hole in the ozone layer.
Who knows, a giant asteroid from space.
What if space could take over?
What if, gosh, what if there was a one world government that suddenly formed?
That would be almost as bad as a one world religion.
I have news for you, friends.
It is neither that we must fear but the one world advertiser.
The one world advertiser will get into your head worse than any religion or government.
So here comes the church of the subgenius.
And what we're really doing is tempting sinners away from the devil.
Once we get you away from the devil and get a little bit of money out of you,
we really don't care what you do after that.
Because Bob is not the kind of religious leader that insists that you follow him blindly all the time.
He wants you to follow him blindly for a little while.
But he's what we call a short duration personal savior.
We live in a world where these corporations manufacture machines and tools
with a built in planned obsolescence.
You buy this cheap piece of crap, it's made to break down in six months.
You have to buy another one.
Bob is just the same way.
After six or seven months it probably won't be so funny anymore.
You'll have to move on to another short duration personal savior.
It might be a porno star.
It might be your bank account.
It might even be your loved one or your family.
Who knows?
Friends.
We're not trying to preach morality.
Some people they say,
Oh, but I'm just a drunk.
I'm just an old messed up drug addict, neurotic idiot.
Friends.
Bob does not want you to quit drinking.
He wants you to enjoy your drinking.
You know Bob?
Bob has been a sinner and a saint.
He's walked in the shoes of the alcoholic.
He's walked in the shoes of the prostitute.
And most importantly, he's walked in the shoes of the shoe salesman.
And so, by the way, he was a really good prostitute, I've heard.
You know, just as the faith of those tribesmen in Samoa allows them to walk across burning hot coals with bare feet without being burned,
so too can the Bob-cum-swallower's or gunder go that ordeal without injury.
And handle the evil serpent of Bob and so forth.
Friends, we preach a certain amount of deviant sex.
Unlike most religions.
By deviant sex, we just mean sex only for fun.
Only for fun.
Because when you do that, and you don't have to use anyone else,
you don't have to involve anyone else in this practice.
You can do it by yourself.
Probably a lot easier.
From what I've heard.
Anyway.
When two subgeniuses make love, even if they're just or even one,
they spread what we call orgasmic radiation.
And this radiation affects the normal humans, who might happen to also be fucking at the same time.
And it affects the genes.
The radiation gets into the genes of the other people around them.
And they, instead of having little human babies, they have little subgenius babies.
You can't really tell the difference until they get old enough to start saying no.
Oh yes.
Friends, that's what we, it's a, the subgenius approach to sex is called sex hurt.
Some people used to think that was some kind of bondage thing.
Maybe.
But what we really mean is sex until it hurts.
Until it feels so good that it hurts.
And you say, please, no Bob, no more.
I can't take it.
It's too good.
Hard to come by, you might say.
Now, we, by the way, if anyone here would like to get married tonight, we also do short duration marriages.
So, ah yes, well we'll do that.
We'll build up in the spirit.
And later on it looks like we've got at least one.
But you know, you don't have to just marry yourself or your beautiful companion.
You can marry your car keys.
A lot of people who drink a lot marry their car keys or their wallet.
You may love your pet at home.
Our friend Carl has an insane dog that he may want to marry.
This one was Coledone.

.
.
.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ."
As Bob once said,
I'd rather have the right people laughing at me
than the wrong people laughing with me.
Great.
A subtle bit of wisdom there.
It takes a while.
Yeah, it takes a while.
Friends, in this case we had two victims who were willing.
But really, I would love to just marry everyone here.
Not to me, to each other.
Or to whatever it is you might desire
in your secret heart of hearts.
In fact, just by the fact that you're in this room right now,
you're going to end up married.
So you might as well find something to consummate it with.
Otherwise...
This all kind of makes a joke out of the whole thing, doesn't it?
Oh, there we go.
It looks like these two perverted Englishmen
are going to marry each other or each other's wallets or something.
Huh?
That's really disgusting.
I so often stand here sickened by the unions that I'm blessing.
You know, I have to speak for Bob.
Bob is much more open-minded than I am.
In fact...
Oh, God damn, man.
This is getting worse and worse.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to handle it.
I'm going to concentrate on this nice traditional...
Well, you know, Reverend Sun Young Moon
sometimes does mass marriages
where only 10,000 people have never even met each other.
If he can do that, we can certainly marry this small group of people.
Step right up, friends.
Get your holy shirt.
I should marry you.
Let's marry him.
This perverted...
Big old spirit here.
Test your mettle and win the little lady a sacred certificate.
And friends, you know, this will absolve all otherwise illicit couplings.
A free short-duration divorce is not satisfied.
I, dearly beloveds, friends, voyeurs, jealous associates,
and any hidden cameras that might be there,
do you, insert name here...
I do.
I swear to God.
...the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
So I hope you, Bob, say yes.
Yes!
Let's just arbitrarily say that this period of sanctified coupling
shall last for a duration of 24 hours.
No.
Is that okay for now, 24 hours?
48.
48, okay.
I just need 20 minutes.
Well, whatever.
We'll let you off.
Okay.
Let's get serious.
We don't want to make a silly joke of this.
Dearly beloveds, we are gathered here today in the presence of...
...the honor of Bob Dobbs,
in whatever form you may choose to take.
I think he may have been a roll of duct tape this time.
Maybe two.
And any other deities.
We might include Jesus Muhammad or, I don't know, Arnold Palmer,
to join these men and these women,
this inflatable rubber prairie squid here,
in a temporary but no less virtuous bondage,
yes, a bondage of holy matrimony,
for better or for worse,
but not for long.
So do you feel the spirit?
Everybody say praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Now put your hands on each other.
This is the good part.
Because for this is a bond of sub-holy wedlock,
so that no matter what physical position
these beloved may take in the next 24 or 48 hours,
their moral standing shall remain upright.
Right.
So, if there are any jealous losers here,
who feel that these men, women and rubber squid
should not be joined, even temporarily,
not even for a mere 48 hours,
just hold your peace because we don't want to hear about it.
Now, put your hands on each other and hold tight.
And before we proceed, has the preacher been paid?
I don't think so.
We'll get to...
Well, I'll take it out of the new altar boy, I guess.
No!
Okay, do you, in cert name here,
take this other creature, in cert name here,
to be your lawfully wedded spouse
in short ration subgenius matrimony,
to have and to hold, in fact,
to do just about anything with each other
that he, she or it agrees to do,
for richer or poorer,
in health or in sickness or kinkiness,
through any hardship or disaster
that may befall them in the next 24 or 48 hours,
for whatever sick and twisted,
but no less blessed reasons,
for the next 48 hours,
say, I do!
I do!
And, okay, you did it.
Now shake on it and say, it's a deal.
It's a deal!
Oh, there's one who's just shaking.
No, we mean shake hands.
Okay, now get out the ring.
It's a deal.
You do have a ring, right?
Well, okay, if you don't have a ring,
you can use the handy Temple of Devo.
This is called the Temple of Devo,
a former ring.
This is symbolic of the holiest state of marriage,
the shackles, in fact,
the veritable handcuffs of wedlock,
as well as a symbol of the pole
going deep into the hole repeatedly,
announced here amidst all the rings,
by the authority infested in me,
by J.R. Bob Dobbs,
and in defiance of the laws of the state
and of nature,
I now pronounce you man and wife and squid and other man
and bottle of beer.
You are now duly authorized and excused for sexual hate.
God damn, I'm frantic.
Oh, that's very scary.
Friends, if you don't now consummate this,
you make a mockery of the sacred,
institution of marriage.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust,
it is done, amen,
and a women praise Bob.
More women in the church of the subgenius.
Yes, friends.
More squid.
Friends, there aren't enough subgeniuses in this world,
so you know what that means you have to do.
You have to fuck more.
That's all there is to it.
It's the only way to create new subgeniuses,
and if you can't,
find something to fuck.
At least just spread the orgasmic radiation.
Get in there, man.
What is a sausage?
A sausage is an indigestible balloon
of decayed beef riddled with tuberculosis.
Eat it and die.
Left and Right.
It's unchallenging.
Hot.
You gonna Brisbane.
You can dance
Bis zum nächsten Mal.
Bis zum nächsten Mal.
Bis zum nächsten Mal.
Bis zum nächsten Mal.
Bis zum nächsten Mal.
Bis zum nächsten Mal.
Bis zum nächsten Mal.
Bis zum nächsten Mal.
Bis zum nächsten Mal.
Bis zum nächsten Mal.
Bis zum nächsten Mal.
Bis zum nächsten Mal.
Bis zum nächsten Mal.
Bis zum nächsten Mal.
Bis zum nächsten Mal.
James Björk hat sich für das komplette Gender-Programm entschieden.
Total Gender.
Total Gender.
Er ist noch mal ein Mann, hat einen Digger und alles, aber er hat auch...
Was weißt du?
...Puppen.
Wenn er endlich eine Transition zur Frau macht, wirst du wissen, dass er mehr Ballen hat als du.
Weil Veränderung ein Abenteurer ist.
Und wir glauben alle an Veränderung.
Und natürlich haben einige die Ballen, um sich zu verändern.
Sie haben die Ballen, um ihre Nuts zu schneiden, um zu prüfen, dass sie...
Sie haben die Ballen, um es mitzunehmen.
Es sind eigentlich die Metall-Türen, die am meisten...
Ja, mit Kippen und Lippen.
Ja, mit Kippen und Lippen und Metall-Türen.
Metall-Türen?
Ja, mit Kippen und Lippen.
Aber die Subgenius müssen lernen, Veränderung zu akzeptieren.
Und Kreditkarten und Reisekarten und...
Jede Form von Geld, die sie akzeptieren können.
Also, jede Veränderung, die wir akzeptieren können, werden wir glücklich erhalten.
Oder jede Form von Donation.
Jede Form von Währung, ob es Beads ist,
Beads?
Beads?
Seashells, preisgemäße Metall.
Plastik-Explosiven.
Auch nützlich.
Aber nur für die Provision für die Subgenius-Win.
Ja, genau.
Weil...
Der Provost!
Nun, sehr wenige Leute wissen...
Terroristen für Bob!
Aber, ähm, Rittenstein hat mich auf das Gefühl gefühlt, dass die Kirche der Subgenius-Win eigentlich ziemlich gut gearmt ist.
Es gibt wahrscheinlich fünf Nuklear-Warnhäuser in der Kirche.
Oh, wir haben fünf jetzt?
Ja.
Aber Sie haben nur zwei.
Nein, nein, wir haben seit dem Fall der Iron Curtain, so zu sprechen,
es ist viel einfacher, sie zu erklären, dass wir nicht wissen, wo einer ist.
Wir haben fünf...
Das ist Bullshit!
Es ist auf meinem Nenjlo!
Das ist einfach nur schrecklich.
Ja, tatsächlich, wir haben...
Wenn jemand weiß, wo die Waffe der massenlosen Zerstörung ist...
Es hat einen Dobs-Head auf dem Bild.
Es ist offensichtlich eine Waffe der massenlosen Zerstörung.
Wir versuchen es nicht zu verstecken.
Wir haben eine Lizenz dafür, aber wir haben es irgendwo, entweder in Hamburg oder Amsterdam,
entweder in der Bikerbar oder in der anderen Bar auf der Straße hier.
Also, wenn Sie das neue Nuklear-Warnhäuser finden, dann können Sie es hier finden.
Es ist ein sehr guter Ort.




Es ist ein Nuklear-Waffe, naja, ich sollte nicht sagen, was es ist, aber diese Waffe der massenlosen Zerstörung...
Es ist ein Dobs-Head!
... ja, senden Sie das zur EO-Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118, www.subgenius.com und wir finden eine gute Heimat dafür.
Ich glaube, dieser Warhead wurde letztes Mal gesehen, als ein Cowboy sehr schnell auf einem Horsen gefahren wurde.
Yee-haw!
Wenn Sie so etwas sehen, dann stoppt ihn und fragt ihn, woher er das hat.
Das Cowboy...
... war ein Cowboy auf einem Horsen, der sich nach der Sonne befestigt hat,
mit einem Nuklear-Waffe in seiner Hand,
er war befreit, als ob er es schießen würde.
Das symbolisiert unsere Attitüde nach dem Zukunft und dem Ende der Welt.
Das ist das...
Das repräsentiert den Geist der Kirche,
sowie die drei Stöge.
Die drei Stöge wurden oft als Proto-Subgenius genannt.
Er ist ein Proto-Subgenius.
Ein künstlerisches Statement, die drei Stöge.
Eine Sache, die unsere Kirche genießt, ist ein gutes Slapstick.
Und Pornografie.
Klar.
Und auch die Pornografie der drei Stöge.
Die drei Stöge.
Danke Gott für die Internet.
Danke Gott für die drei Stöge.
Die drei Stöge.
Nichts ist jetzt unmöglich.
Spanko...
Aber, um es so zu sagen, wenn eine Hand auf die Augen kommt, ist es nicht für ein Paar ausgestreckte Finger.
Ja.
Das ist ja ein Spalooge.
Freunde, das ist es, was es herkommt.
Herkommt.
Nein, nur zu.
Das ist die internationale Konfession von Subgenien.
Ich habe nur 30 Personen in diesem Raum gesehen.
Nur Mitglieder. Wir sind alle hier.
In den nächsten 25 Jahren müssen wir 30.000 Mitglieder sehen.
Ja!
Die Kirche der Subgenien muss so groß werden,
dass die Rebellen, die für Freiheit kämpfen,
die für die Konfession der Konfession verfolgen,
uns überlassen werden.
Nur um Slack zurückzukommen.
Ja!
Wir werden die Konfession sein.
Wir werden uns selbst töten.
Nein, Moment.
Ich denke, ich gehe in die Prophezei oder so.
Wir kommen nicht, um Slack zu lernen.
Denn Slack ist für jeden unterschiedlich.
Aber wir möchten zusammenkommen und neue Sünden lernen.
Und vielleicht neue Formen von Slack.
Ich bin sehr überrascht,
was manche Leute von Slack sehen.
Manche sind überrascht, was ich von Slack sehe.
Aber wir lieben Überraschungen.
Das ist die Art der Kirche, in der wir sind.
Die Kirche der Subgenien
Die Kirche der Subgenien
Liebe ist eine Mother selling
Hallo,석
Das ist was ich auch tue.
Einer dieser Tage, die ich putze,
ich gehe über dich.
Ja.
Du bleibst immer, wenn du die Wahrheit haben solltest.
Und du bleibst immer, wenn du nicht das hast.
Und du bleibst immer, wenn du nicht das hast.
Nicht, dass es richtig ist, ist es richtig.
Aber du bist nicht richtig, ja.
Und diese Bücher sind für Walker.
Und das ist nur, was sie tun.
Einer dieser Tage, die ich putze,
ich gehe über dich.
Und das ist nur, was sie tun.
Und diese Bücher sind für Walker.
Und das ist nur, was sie tun.
Einer dieser Tage, die ich putze,
ich gehe über dich.
Und das ist nur, was sie tun.
Und das ist nur, was sie tun.

Hier noch gleich.
Ja, instagram.
Ich binари.
Es ist so schön k shuffle-i-thiner.
dass du deine Hände zerbringst.
Obwohl sein Theodor klein ist,
ist sein Schmerz sehr groß.
Deshalb nennen wir ihn Little Theodor.
Little Theodor ist ein Mitglied der Kirche von Sogenius.
Er hat mit dem ersten Revival in Amsterdam geredet.
Little Theodor ist oft ein Beitrager und Inspirator.
Er ist ein Beispiel dafür,
wie ein Sogenius seine Leben ohne Verschwörung leben kann.
Ideen, Wissen, Verhältnisse,
Schmerzen,
Geschmack,
Koordination,
Musikerfahrung,
Singenskillen.
Keiner dieser Dinge ist wichtig.
Aber er ist größer als seine Partner.
Ja, sehr viel.
Ich habe die Tränen von Sogenius gesehen,
als er Little Theodor gesehen hat.
Oh, ich weine.
Ich habe Anlegerungen gehabt.
Es ist eine Freude, mich zu sehen.
Guten Abend.
Ich bin Little Theodor.
Und das ist mein liebster Assistent Babushka.
Und wir haben einige Ruminationen über unsere Zeit auf diesem schlaggernigen Stein,
bevor wir es abnehmen, um es mit Ihnen zu teilen.
All my clothes are uncomfortable.
They told me they'd grasp me, they let me down.
They told me they'd grasp me, they let me down.
All my clothes are uncomfortable.
They're either too loose or too tight.
They never fit me just right.
All my clothes are uncomfortable.
All my clothes are uncomfortable.
All my clothes are uncomfortable.
All my clothes are uncomfortable.
Nothin' is nothin' for me.
Nothin' is nothin' for me.
Nothin' is nothin' for me.
Nothin' is nothin' for me.
All my clothes are uncomfortable.
All my clothes are uncomfortable.
All my clothes are uncomfortable.
Yeah, and all my friends are irresponsible.
They're either too loose or too tight.
nothing is nothing for me
Thank you!
Little Theodore!
And Babushka!
And incidentally, friends,
that XX Day Live
Little Theodore und Babushkas CD
is a real thing.
It was professionally recorded
by Regis Sedlock
at Sounds Good Studios
and
it's got tiny pictures
of naked subgeniuses.
The whole
background of the cover is made of
tiny X Day pictures.
You can look at them and try to...
They're so tiny, you can't tell
if they're man titties or
woman titties.
Head down.
He starts at the opening of the elevator doors,
always the mental image of it being full of people,
laughing, and so on.
Most of the time there is no one there.
But there is usually someone
on the way down that nervous man
has to share the elevator with.
He hates it when they laugh
or when they talk to each other
in a foreign tongue.
I just want a pastrami sandwich,
which nervous man thinks,
as he shuffles across the underground parking lot
in his socks,
and sandals like blue jacket,
dark blue sweats,
and blue shirt.
Blue, blue, blue.
Always blue.
The sky is overcast.
The air nippy.
As he opens the door he is very aware of his eyes,
dark and serious,
and slightly mad.
He hopes no one looks at them so he looks down.
Nervous man waits nervously in line
until called.
It is hard to deal with people without looking at them.
He thinks to himself,

Fortunately this time
he has a male making his sandwich,
otherwise he worries about
the females thinking he is looking at their breasts,
when he is only trying not to look in their eyes.
Getting his sandwich,
he eats it methodically in the corner,
by the window.
This time
they gave him extra napkins
without his asking them.
They know him here now.
He suddenly remembers that he has to breathe.
He sips his Mountain Dew,
like a Russian revolver.
He doesn't know,
if it will make him more nervous,
or wake him up.
Depression and anxiety dance a tango in Nervous man's head
as he looks intently at the black formica of the table.
He scoops up the remnants of his sandwich,
the bits of lettuce and onion.
He pops a small, straight piece of pink flesh into his mouth
and carries the tray to the thank you door,
and puts the contents in.
Nervous man can still taste the mustard.
As he slips his hand,
he slips out the door into the coldness of the outside,
and makes his way.
Head down.
Back to his cave.
National Cynical Radio at nationalcynical.com
Hey, you out there!
I see you!
I see you out on that lake!
You're not supposed to be out on the lake at night!
I saw a cop down the road.
I'll go get him.
What are you doing here?
I'm talking to you!
You!
Hey, buddy!
Hey!
Come here!
Come here!
Come here!
Come here!
Look at me!
Come here to me!
Come here to me!
Come here to me!

Come here to me!



Come here, me, me, me, me, me ...
Me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, we, me, me, me, me, me, I want you!
Prostitution.
Prostitution.
Prostitution.
Prostitution.



Prostitution.
Prostitution.
Prostitution.
Prostitution.
Prostitution.

Prostitution.
Prostitution.
Wenn das Leben gelebt wird und die Freiheit, zu genießen, das ist für mich. Ich bin jung. Ich will das Leben genießen, wenn ich kann.
Wenn Leidenschaft einige Mädchen zur Prostitution fährt, fährt es einige Männer in eine andere Richtung.
Die Geschichte der Homosexualität ist so lang wie die Geschichte des Menschen.
Von der Glorie, die früher Grieche war, bis zur Dekadenz, die Rom zerstört hat,
wurde Homosexualität sowohl besiegt als auch verheiratet.
Alexander der Große, Julius Caesar, Friedrich der Große, Leonardo da Vinci und Michelangelo
sind nur einige der Namen, die jeder Homosexual als Beispiele für die Verwirklichkeit und die Behandlung seines Lebens bezeichnen wird.
Die Geschichte der Homosexualität ist so lang wie die Geschichte des Menschen.

Obwohl nichts Neues, ist Homosexualität seit der Krieg eine Veränderung.
Die Geschichte der Homosexualität ist so lang wie die Geschichte des Menschen.
Ich war die andere Nacht auf der Straße.
Und ein Mann kommt zu mir und sagt, Sir, du wirst in den Hellen brennen.
Ich sagte, Entschuldigung?
Er sagte, Sir, du wirst in den Hellen brennen.
Und ich sagte,
Warte mal, ich werde in deinem Hell brennen.
Motherfucker, ich denke, du musst wieder in die Linie kommen.
Weil ich habe viele Hellen, die ich brennen muss, bevor ich in deinem Hell komme.
Das ist richtig.
Ich werde in den katholischen Hell brennen.
Ich werde in den Südbäckischen Hell brennen.
Ich werde in den Bethanischen Hell brennen.
Ich werde in den jüdischen Hell brennen.
In den Islamhell.
In die Kirche in England.
In den Islamhell.
Meine Damen und Herren, ich habe genau
600
und 66
Hellen
bevor ich in deinem Hell komme.
Also, schau dir deinen Arsch in die Linie an.
Und steck dich hinter all den anderen Motherfuckern.
Weil du musst deine Runde warten, bevor ich in deinem Hell komme.
Jetzt
werden wir
Dominatrix Karaoke haben.
Aber, aber
und ich sage aber
in der BUT2
Ich habe niemanden, der
meine Nase heute Abend spankt.
Oh, ja, das ist tru.
Ich brauche
Volontäre, um meine Nase zu spanken.
Sie, Frau!
Ja, ja, Sie!
Sie wird mich heute Abend spanken.
Nicht nur wird sie mich heute Abend spanken,
sondern sie wird mich mit einem
heiligen Non-Iron spanken.
Bitte, sei leise.
Ihr solltet die Gnade hören, Mom!
Ihr solltet die Gnade hören, Mom!

Ihr solltet die Gnade hören, Mom!
Meister, bitte!
Schau mich an!
Schau mich an!
Schau mich an!
Schau mich an!
Ich glaube, ihr hört es!
Ich glaube, ihr hört es!
Meine leichte Gesichter,
die mich töten.
Meine leichte Gesichter,
die mich töten.
Sie sehen mich!
Sie sehen mich!
Alle, die mich töten!
Sie sehen mich!
Sie sehen mich, Baby!
Eines mehr mal!
Karaoke-Dominatrix, Freunde!
Was für ein Schmerz!
Von Pope David Lee Black auf Vokal!
Und von Aesipira Anna und Kate auf Wipps
beim Foundry in London 2004!
Freunde, wenn ihr mehr über Bob oder die Wippings wissen wollt,
dann schaut auf www.subgenius.com
oder schreibt für freie Informationen von P.O. Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Aber erinnern Sie sich, Sie müssen Ihre Subgenius-Nasen ein Geheimnis von den anderen behalten.
Sie müssen Ihre Subgenius-Nasen nicht verstecken.
Diese junge Frau ist ein Student, um Detektion zu vermeiden.
Doch ihr einziger Angst wird von der Polizei verletzt.
Ihre Augen sind so rot.
Das ist Dave's Gehirn.
Oh, es ist so...
Es ist schmerzhaft.
...konvolut.
Wie dein Spruch.
Oh, Dave.
Dave, wir müssen nur ein paar mehr Nasehähne nehmen.
Dave, du bist so Bob.
Ich dachte, Bob war nur ein bisschen Dave.
Ob es eine echte Erhöhung ist oder nur eine erhöhte öffentliche Erhöhung,
ist ein Punkt, um zu argumentieren.
Die Mattachine Society, eine Organisation für Bobs,
bezeichnet, dass ein Mann aus sechs ist Bob.
Bobs.
...nicht mehr in Schatten versteckt,
die geheimen Signale der Erkenntnis geben.
...die sich nicht mehr zusammenhalten.
Aber eher, dass sie sich zusammen in Gruppen oder Clubs bewegen,
um Freiheit und Akzeptanz für ihre Art von sexuellen Inklusionen zu suchen.
Sie können in allen Lagen der Welt gefunden werden,
und auf jeder Straße in diesem leiblichen Welt.
Für immer suchend für das, was sie betrifft.
...die sie betrifft.
...die sie betrifft.
...die sie betrifft.


Es gibt eine andere Liste von coolen, hübschen Namen von Performerinnen und Artisten,
mit denen dieser Herr Boyd-Rice mit performt.
Ich sehe, dass einige von ihnen Rivalen und Kritiker sind,
sagen wir mal, der Kirche der Subgenius.
Die, die sagen würden, dass wir wichtige Dinge zuzulassen,
weil Bob ein glücklicher Lächeln ist,
anstatt ein grimmendes Verständnis,
in dem er die gleichen Dinge begrüßt,
die wir nicht haben.
Waren alle Leute in diesem Weltraum?
Es ist, als wäre es der David Icke der Weltreligionen.
Es ist... es ist... es ist bedrohlich.
Ich sage nicht, wer.
Ich sage nicht, welcher einer dieser Posers,
der mit...
...jemanden von diesen allblack-gelegten,
vielleicht auch Mimis,
arschlosen, artfagischen,
Scheißhänden,
oder...
...verhungerte,
prissige,
äh...
...literäre Bücher...
...Bücher...
...all buchstab...
äh...
...Buchstab...
...Wussbär, Sie...
...Gurly-Mann...
...Gurly...
...Es ist ein Haufen Gur...
...Lass uns auf die Dinge hinweisen,
die wir hier reden.
...Es ist ein Haufen Gurly...
...Gurly-Gurly-Gurly-Boys...
Oh, und diese Musik im Hintergrund
kommt von den Amino Acids.
