An ideology that regards itself as non-ideological, that presents itself as the natural center, the very fulcrum of civilized modern life.
The self-genius power of the self.
This may well be the most powerful and most dangerous ideology we have ever known.
I'm not denying the virtues, far from it. We're all beneficiaries of the cult of the elite.
But if we deny its dangers and the all-consuming power of its propaganda, then we...
I bet nobody ever said that to you.
Oh, by the way, Bob, thanks for the aspirin.
Hiya, friends. Bob Dogg here, sooner and soper operator of Bob Dogg Dog and Dogg Hot Dog.
Bob Dogg's son and foot tires, and that means shoes and mean shoes, means industry.
Yes, there's rain on the streets again, and where there's rain, there's rain-washed streets.
I ought to know I'm Bob Dogg, high chick, and it's my privilege to put shoes on your best friend just like he was my own son's car.
Here's a pair that'll make the road blush. Wide, they're wider than the car.
And safety wrap before their box is stored forever, and that's a long, long time.
One second can make the difference, friends.
But don't believe me unless you don't care how much it costs.
And I like that kind of man.
And if you are, you're the kind of man I like.
And I'm going to keep it that way, even if I have to offer you a deal that had to be turned down to be offered to you.
And remember this tomorrow when you're awake.
You don't have to come to Bob Dogg.
You can drive around on lemons, for all I care.
Like they say, if you live in the water, you don't need a boat.
But if you do, give me the first chance at its feats, and you'll drive away a happy toe.
Thanks for looking at me. I'm Bob Dogg, and I'll be back.
Well, sir, ma'am, thing.
This is a pretty...
Word-heavy episode.
With new, very old, rare material from the Firesign Theater.
As heard just now.
There's also some old-timey ESO swamp radio from the year 2001.
That I guarantee is very directly Firesign-inspired.
As are most of the subgenius shows.
And we continue with samples from the soundtrack of Sandy K. Boone's movie,
J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
as currently seen on many streaming services.
See dobbstown.org for all current info.
Indeed, we play that soundtrack now.
Everyone staying?
Another gun.
We said, you've got a religion.
Now you've got to have the tent revivals.
You know, you can't just say you have a religion.
You have to have this gathering of the faithful.
It was a sad day for mankind.
It was a sad day for mankind.
When man stopped.
Started sticking with his head and walking on his feet.
So, kind of, boy, let it back up.
Oh, yes, baby.
I could feel an emanation.
I could feel an eye just burning into my eye.
I could feel a man staring at me and grinning at me and stretching his eyebrows.
Yes!
I could feel that man saying he wants to testify, Bob!
A divival is a subgenius revival.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It didn't sound good to say revival, you know.
Divival sounds a lot better.
It actually sounds kind of like devil.
They were a way for us to act as if we were rock and roll stars or preachers or something.
Thank you, Bob.
For closing my memory.
I was the one who was supposed to get up on stage and do stuff.
I actually had terrible stage fright.
I wasn't interested in that at all.
But a Dallas character who later ended up calling himself Reverend Buck Naked,
the subgenius thing really clicked with him.
The worst crime is serving the conspiracy.
And the penalty...
He was ready to get up on stage and preach.
The penalty is worse than having your gonads cut off.
Oh, no!
Yeah!
The penalty is worse than having your head cut off.
Eventually, I didn't really like the way Buck did it.
And the rest of them are wrong and you're the only one that's right.
And that's how you're supposed to feel.
So I started doing it.
Before we start the services, we should have our...
Just a moment of...
A moment of sacred noise.
Thanks to the subgenius thing, I discovered I wasn't alone.
There were weirdos all over the place.
There were very normal people who just talked nutty stuff about the Church of the Subgenius,
which made them very easy to, you know, to relate to and get along with.
I remember seeing all these bands and stuff and I thought, you know,
these guys are loaded, these guys are drunk.
And I saw Doctors for Bob perform.
And I thought, these guys are clinically insane.
Anti-music is a...
It's a concept of unfettered expression, musically and sonically,
to try to create this sound that trained hands can't do.
You have to go totally on instinct.
And that's what we did with Doctors for Bob.
It was kind of this lovely, lovely thing.
It was a Looney Tunes fraternity.
And you had to kind of enjoy guys to be a part of it.
The way that I view the Church of the Subgenius is that in a way it is the patriarchy
strained through a cheesecloth.
It was a boys club.
And I was attracted to it because I wanted to meet the boys.
It is finally taking itself by the hair and turning itself inside out
and looking at the world with fresh eyes.
And that's why I think it's such a special place for special people doing special things,
having special feelings.
And we hope to have that.
I think it was this way of saying, it's them and not you.
You know, don't you worry if the world or the conspiracy is getting you down.
You know, you come stand by me because you're one of ours.
The conspiracy's major effort is to take your slack away
and to sell you a false version of it, which they manufacture.
Well, I'm afraid we all discovered the conspiracy probably our first day of school
when the other kids made fun of you for using the wrong color crayon
or you're not doing it right.
It was important that we encapsulate everybody's best enemy
into something that could be easily distilled into like one thing.
Something that people could say, yeah, I understand that.
We're all victims of that, you know.
Anything that we do, we're not going to do it.
Anything that bothers you is the conspiracy.
It's a little bit the thing that assassinates presidents
from book depository windows.
It's a little bit the suppressed saucer technology
that is owned by the European Union.
But it's also just when it's too hot on the bus.
In 1953, Jehovah One, the alien space god,
informed Bob Dobbs that there was this conspiracy
of normal people robbing the slack of the subgeniuses for centuries.
But that on July 5th, 1998, at precisely 7 a.m.,
the men from Planet X would come, rupture up the dues-paying,
believing subgeniuses and give them the power to wreak revenge
on all the normals.
Next thing you know, you've got the doctrine for an entire religion.
Oh, yes, Bob can set free the winos.
He can set free the prisoners.
Do we have any more testimonials from the crowd?
I found the image of Bob's head in a bedpan,
and ever since, you know, it's just been Bob all the way.
Saved by the image of Bob in a bedpan.
Our tendency is to just let everybody throw in,
so we don't really have any rules.
I was once a degenerate, but Bob saved me.
Amen! Amen!
We encouraged people to form their own schism,
you know, join the church and send us money,
but immediately rebel against it.
Well, there's always a split in the church,
and if there wasn't, we'd create some,
because you can't have a church without schisms.
And the more schisms in a cult, the better.
Ladies and gentlemen, I think we need to inject this campground with some real hate.
Yes!
What would you like to bring to you?
The great Papa Joe Mahalo.
Yes!
One of the major magnets of religion isn't the common love of something,
it's the common hatred of something.
That's what brings everybody together.
So I just wanted to kind of offer that sort of alter ego,
the sort of anti-Bob, if you will, in the Church of the Subgenius.
There are two distinct branches in the Church of the Subgenius.
The highbrow, evangelical branch,
led by Ivan Stang and his philosophical followers.
Some of the subgeniuses were looking at me as kind of the do-gooder.
I was a little too easy on the normals.
I didn't really want to destroy the whole world,
I just wanted to loot it, get all the good comic books.
Well, other people really do hate the normals.
The evangelicals and the holocaustals represent two sides of the Church.
Now, the evangelicals believe that all the pinks need to be enslaved
and can still serve a purpose,
just after the final judgment in which Earth is liberated
from the chains of pink and conspiracy rule.
Now, the holocaustals, we're kind of a more traditional fundamentalist, if you will.
We believe that, you know, you do need to eliminate and exterminate all the normals.
Not everyone in the Church of the Subgenius gets along with one another,
because it's the group for people who can't join groups.
I've often tried to explain to people about Church of the Subgenius,
that the subgenius is going to be very smart, talented people,
but somewhere along the line they've got a personality problem
that keeps them from joining in and being sociable and popular and normal.
The society that they've got involved is ME,



It's not just the radio shows and the noise that annoys you.
It's not just the bobbies with their vacant robotic dogs,

smiles. It's not just the art hags and performance fascists clutching at the
Godhead. It's not just the psycho babble and the
endless miles and miles and miles of wasted tape.
It's not just the blissed-out winos with stained trouser crutches and corroded
zippers. It's not just the shark-like doctors
cruising the crowds of normals like Barracuda trailing the awful barges. It's
not just the morally bankrupt conspiracy trying desperately to climb
on Bob's wagon in a futile attempt to denature the 200 proof word of salvation.
It's not just the Jane of device howling alone and unheeded in the contemporary
wasteland while children suck on stones. It's not just the media zombies who
hunch in front of their FM receivers every night trying to decipher the shows
that dare not speak their minds. It's not just the stark
philip mcgacken of the dark and the dark of the dark. It's not just the stark


reconvening headhunter or chances at fertile in great
hardship. It's not just the super humaliating
localУI-er ands 게ipsed搭 mediants of slayers whose

universal stockbrokers. It's not just the perкусive
popular andünk trabalhar on the streets. It's not just the ever lasting
death profes at the cabinet park. It's not just what he ousted hisons in the
Lancaster arena. It's not as if this character deserves us stalkers to
go get once your Bernie Sanders b tiefka maa. It's not as if maybe there's such an
acting beginning he picked up hisences as gentle profession and
maybe some people would consider the evaluation McMune to accept
him for indelible footprints. But that officer is willing or more likely
on a job a stronger, I'mcents an irgendwann over his ass the
It's not just the inane tape correspondences that go on and on and on and on and on.
It's not just the smug, self-righteous, born-again fundamentalists who want us all to live according to their moral code, which was written by tribal savages back in the Stone Age.
It's not just the hate-filled zealots who murder a scientist to spare a guinea pig or a laboratory monkey.
It's not just the government that lies, cheats, robs, and kills the very people whose rights it is supposed to secure.
It's not just the bad movies, bad television, bad books, bad fashions, bad music, and bad taste.
It's not just a system that's so corrupt, top-heavy, and tainted with greed that it's raping our very planet.
It's not just the overfed, bloated, paranoid demagogues with their bloody minds.
It's not just the bloody fingers on the doomsday buttons.
It's not just the complete absence of love, charity, kindness, faith, honor, and slack.
It's not just the hip wimps milling all around you with smarmy smiles and sticky fingers.
It's not just the collapse of civilization that we have come to know and despise it.
It's not just the fact that everything we are and everything we do
is dictated by a double helix.
It's not just the double helix of deoxyribonucleic acid.
No, dear friends, it's more than all that.
But the Church of the Subgenius offers you alternatives.
Glanscaping, time control, acupointing, fornicationalism,
and a chance to ride the Dobbs wave as it sweeps across the luck plane.
Eschew normality, shun the conspiracy, and get right with Bob.
He's still got that frog mixture.
And he's a dinkum square shoe.
Maybe he isn't the best, but he's all you've got.
Dr. G. Gordon Gordon performing the extremely rare,
it's not just the, number two, which I forgot even existed.
It was on Hour of Slack number 89,
whereas this is number 1811.
Probably that was recorded in Bolivia.
Now we're going to go back to this rare old Firesign Theatre material.
Now, if you never heard of them and yet enjoy Subgenius Radio,
you might want to look at FiresignTheatre.com
and let me note that the theatre there is spelled the British way,
with R-E at the end instead of E-R.
FiresignTheatre.com.
That is where you can find access to many new and old albums,
such as the one I'm playing from called Dope Humor of the Seventies.
There would probably not be any kind of Subgenius Radio
or possibly even church outreach without the Firesign Theatre.
World domination really only comes into its really golden age
with Richard Nixon, I think.
Well, no, I think Jack Kennedy.
No, Kennedy really was the man who really made it possible.
He was the first man to take a real liberal's, like, super electronic vision.
He was the kind of guy that would be,
he was the first president to own a Sony tape recorder.
You know? He really was.
If our advisors aren't there, somebody else's advisors will be there.
Right. I mean, like, if Harvard doesn't get in there first,
Yale's going to get there.
I mean, he's got a good real vision.
It's good to have the touch football competition.
Absolutely, right.
Political touch football is what it is.
But look, Richard Nixon, man, I mean,
Richard Nixon is much better than Lyndon Johnson ever was.
Oh, I agree.
I thought Lyndon Johnson was good, man,
especially all that killing and stuff like that.
But Richard Nixon has outdone him.
Let me tell you one thing before you get into Nixon.
No, go right ahead.
Just very flashed on it yesterday, I just wanted to mention to the folks,
like, President of the United States gets shot,
the guy who's supposed to do it only gets to say one thing,
which is, I didn't do it, and then he gets shot on television, right?
And nobody says anything about it, basically.
It just goes down.
And then the next president, everybody in Washington is scared to death, right?
Everybody's going around saying, well, that guy gets shot,
and then the guy's got shot on television.
Nobody said anything about it, and they got the Supreme Court to say it's okay.
I better keep my mouth shut.
It's wonderful, man.
It's the closed-mouthed administration.
The closed-mouthed, right, the silent generation, right?
Me scared of Nixon?
No.
You know who he sends around, you know, to lean on you?
Lyndon Johnson.
Lyndon Johnson, right.
I come from the big man.
He was in Newport Beach yesterday attending the wedding of his niece.
And he has a perfect attendance record, by the way.
Yes, he does.
He goes to all family functions, no matter where in Southern California they occur.
Oh, and if he's not there personally, he has two or three of his boys there.
Right, right, right.
I'm sorry, I will not be able to...
You mean the little Eisenhower kid?
Yeah, the little Eisenhower kid, the one with the submachine gun.
I am not going to go to that assassination.
I'm not going to go to that assassination roundup.
But I am going to send David and Bobby Eisenhower.
And I am going to send the National Boy Scout boys.
Look, oh, it's just wonderful, man.
Who's that kid, David Eisenhower?
He's got the same name as another president, you know?
That's right.
And he goes around...
They're related closely.
No, no, no.
Eisenhower was the chancellor of the German Republic after Hitler.
That's right, that's right.
Yeah, he took over war-torn Germany, I think they call it.
Post-war-torn Germany.
Dear Chancellor Chrysler.
And built it up to the major state that it is today.
War-torn...
He did a good job, done well, too.
Heil Volkswagen.
Right.
That's his first name, Volkswagen Eisenhower.
I hear the marks are doing well.
Yeah, yeah.
So are the Munches.
Right.
They got all the angles.
I left an opening for both of you, did you notice that?
Yeah, that's right.
We got your marks.
We came in separate.
That's right.
We've got to look for our marks for all the angles.
That's right, for all the angles so we can lay it on the Munches, you know what I mean?
Down in Munchen.
That's where all the Munches are.
And that's where all the Munchen, man, that's where old Dorothy, man, gets...
Munchkin?
Sure, of course.
...gets caught in this tremendous political hurricane in Kansas, bleeding Kansas, gets
lifted up with the House of Representatives and lands in Munich.
That's what the Wizard of Oz means.
Get out of here.
Of course.
God, boy.
Get out of here.
Oh, look, look.
Why don't you go join Susan Perlmutter, whoever wrote that article?
A bunch of Jewish critics, that's all you guys are.
You're obscure.
That's right.
And Dr. Seuss is all about the takeover of the Japanese and does you know what?
I'm glad we got rid of him.
Boy.
What a drag.
Mr. Intellectual, they call him.
No, the critic is.
It's terrible to get into that sort of thing.
The critic is a guy who pans for salt.
Disillusioned a bunch of kids.
Yeah.
By the way, is that kid still tied to the tree out there?
No, no, no, no, no.
Say, Sebastian, you mean?
The cheetah got him.
The cheetah got him?
Yeah, right.
Oh, wonderful.
We try, we, when we're doing the radio show, we tie a kid to the tree outside.
Yeah, right.
And so then, you know, that's an old African method and then the tiger comes along and
then you shoot the tiger.
That's right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then somebody else shoots you.
It's a macho game, right, actually.
Yeah, it's a good game.
It's a swell game.
Sure is.
I like it.
It's called the President Nixon game.
The President Nixon game, right, which is you take a small country, tie it to a tree,
right, and wait until, and wait for China to come and eat it, right?
Right, right, right.
And then you eat China, right?
Right.
Let's go down and eat a little Chinese.
I don't be silly.
Of course I don't.
But that's because you're smart and you spent all that excess money that you make on trips
to Amsterdam and stuff like that, don't you?
Yeah.
That's what, that's what the rest of us do.
You know, you gotta have a write-off.
Yeah, intelligence, yeah.
Yeah, mind.
That's got a lot to do with it, isn't it?
Yeah, sure.
That's what, no, that, Bob never said that.
Nah, Bob never said that.
That ain't doctrinal.
He never told me anything.
Bob never said you had to have a brain.
In fact, he said just the opposite.
He said to just float with it, man.
Just, just feel your way along.
Don't be linear.
Feel your weight, yeah.
But you have a whole photographic view.
You feel the weight holding you down.
You don't want to be linear.
It's like you're being locked in a box.
Yeah.






It's not a box, man.
It's just like the way it goes.
Yeah, man.
It's not, it's not a road or a grid.
It's more like a cloud.
Yeah, it's like a, it's like an arroyo or a canyon.
It's like a, no, it's like a beaver's tooth.
No, it's like a hamstrung muscle.
Yeah, that's right.
The neurons don't really do that much.
It's like a neuron.
The things they don't even know about this go off the neuron.
No, they don't know each other.
They can't even talk to each other.
It's all the real fancy stuff.
Sometimes they're so lonely and so busy.




They're sitting right next to all the other neurons.
Yeah, sure.
Dave, get your hands off that neuron.
Quit playing with your neurons.
Look at that.
Look at him.
He's just like a chimpanzee in a cage.
Manipulating like it was home or something.
Just beating his neurons again.
Ripping his neurons.
Very, very light.
You can use a whisk.
Ew, it's gross.
It's squishing chemicals out of him.
The whisk I've got is a Scandinavian plate has-
Ew, gross.
There's serotonin all over everything.
Lepithymine, spring testing, and other morning, afternoon-
Hey, Dave, you're going to get a little bit of a headache.


Dave, will you plug your ears and quit leaking out your damn neuronic-
Pus.
Chemical brain cell pus.
It's neuronic pus, man.
Ah, neuronic pus.
Somebody called this show a bunch of neuronic pus, and I think they meant moronic pus.
I don't think they meant it.
I would agree.
I would tend to agree with that characterization.
Hello there.
It's time to play Truth and Consequences.
Roll up the carpets, push back the chairs, and join us in having a load of laughs and
lots of fun.
You look like a likely candidate for the first question.
Step up to the mic.
What's your name?
Good.
Now, here's the first question.
What large race of people still ride in buggies?
Oh, I'm sorry.
But what large race of people still ride in buggies?
It's babies.
And now for Private Joe Smith.
Private Smith's great yearning is to be a psychiatrist.
And here is his golden idea.
Give your all, Private Smith, because I'm informed that several officers of the American
Medical Association are listening in.
And if you do a good job tonight, you might find a scholarship to some medical college
waiting for you when you leave the army.
Now here's the problem.
You're a fashionable psychiatrist, and you're sitting in your office with a woman patient.
This is your desk here, and you'd better wear these glasses to make you look professional.
All right.
Go ahead.
And now, madam, just what seems to be the trouble.
Oh, doctor, I just don't know how to begin.
I can rumba and conga like a mad thing, but I just don't know how to begin.
Uh-huh.
Now, madam, you know what you're saying.
Well, you see, doctor...
Oh, doctor, your beard, it's dipping in the ink well.
But, madam, I have no beard.
Now, don't you fret.
You're a lot worse than the people who talk about you.
Amen.
Now, madam...
Well, doctor, you see, first of all, I suffer from a constant obsession that my husband
and I have with the doctor.




And I'm not sure if that's true.
I'm not sure if my husband is untrue to me.
Well, perhaps he is untrue to you.
Oh, but you see, I'm not married.
And I also have a constant obsession that I'm not being followed.
Well, that may not be a delusion, madam.
How old are you?
That's a secret between me, my mother, and my draft board.
Oh, no.
Oh, doctor, I don't know what to think.
Sometimes I think I'm quite crazy, and then again I think I'm perfectly sane.
It's the uncertainty of it that's so terrible.
What?
Madam, your stories are over.
You're crazy.
Have you any other obsessions, madam?
Oh, yes, heaps.
Why, right this minute, I think I'm soaking wet.
Mine glimmel!
For heaven's sake, don't drip all over my knees.
Oh, Germans again, my heart.
Excuse me.
I've just had a hard day.
Oh, I'm so glad.
And doctor, I have another obsession.
Yes?
Right now, I think there's a tiger in back of me.
A big tiger?
Huge.
You see him moving around?
Oh, no, he's asleep.
Well, perhaps we'd better lower our voices.
We might wake him.
What am I saying?
Madam, say no more.
I understand.
I understand your case thoroughly.
Madam, I have here a little word association test.
When I read a word, you say the first word that comes into your mind.
Are you ready?
Very well.
Dog.
Dog.
Hitler.
No.
You're right.
You're right.
You're wrong.
No, that isn't it.
Don't repeat the word I read.
Now, look.
Just say the first word that comes into your head, all right?
Dog.
No, not yet.
Not yet.
Wait till I do it now, okay?
No, okay.
Now, what is the first word that the word dog brings to your mind?
Hitler.
Oh, Hitler.
You're right.
You're right again.
That's good.
I was right before.
I'm right again.
I'm not crazy.
What did you say?
What did you say again?
Again.
Ah I'm going crazy.
No, doctor, doctor, I can't help you.
I'm going crazy.
I can't help you unless you help yourself.
You'll change sex.
Now, why don't you take a nice hot bath?
Here, take one of mine.
That's funny.
That's funny.
But I couldn't take your last, bud.
Heavens, it's late.
I can't stay another minute.
I hate to eat and run, so I'll just walk.
Cheerio.
Cheerio.
Cheerio.


Oh, that's fading a little. Wait a minute.
Let me... You skipped my line here.
Ah, you're stepping on the tiger's tail!
Silly boy.
If he doesn't mind, why should you?
Bye-bye.
Horsely to himself.
I must pull this horse together.
Madam, wait, wait.
That will be $25.
Oh, no, no. I really couldn't take it.
But, madam...
Oh, well, if you insist.
I might as well be rich as the way I am.
But hurry, hurry.
Where did you learn to read?
Excuse me.
Let's see, a 10, a 20.
You thought that was funny, huh?
Crazy.
25. You'll wait for me until after this.
We'll go out for a drink.
I'm off to you again.
Now just do everything I told you,
and don't worry.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bombs.
Oh, I'd like to go to the lake.
I'd like to go to the stage.
Go walking around.
And people will have a number.
Let's go.
Greetings.
I have to do the BF.
Excuse me.
All right, so I had really loose nerves in here recently.
Did you ever hear anything about manufactured lead nhiều?
I don't think so.



I have to go.

What do I know?
immediately started to take back to the friend,
and it was just such a great way to communicate.
Wouldn't you like revenge on these mediocritans,
these pink boys, these normals
who have made normality the norm?
Doug was in Berkeley, and I was in San Francisco,
and we turned on KPFA and heard ourselves on the radio,
which was a little moment of discontinuity
because how could we be on the radio
when we were here listening to it?
And it turned out this fellow had gotten a hold of one of Doug's tapes
and was just filling his show out with it.
We contacted him and invited ourselves onto his show,
and at some point it became Hour of Slack,
which was a great name because the show is actually 90 minutes long.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
And this gave us a body of cassette tapes
that made us sound a little more developed than we really were.
Nobody had met each other to that point.
No real events or anything.
It was all just a male media network.
There were finally enough people who were curious about each other
and becoming actual friends that we wanted to meet.
So we decided we were going to have a convention in Dallas.
Have you ever wondered about your neighbors?
Maybe wondered about the weird thumps and bumps
or chants emanating from their apartment?
Well, they may be followers of Bob.
That's the fastest growing cult here in the Southwest.
Somehow or another, Channel 4 News got wind of this subgenius thing.
Ivan was like, you know, really resisted at first.
I was married to a school teacher.
We didn't want to get my wife in trouble or get Philo fired,
plus Philo's parents.
Didn't know anything about this whole subgenius thing.
They were very religious.
I didn't ever want to do anything that was going to embarrass them in public.
Even though I had this really strong need to rebel,
I wanted to kind of do it privately.
The church is so omnipervasive
that we couldn't possibly get into the dogma
in any less than three or four hours.
I thought, man, you know, a secret identity is a good thing.
It's the Church of the Subgenius, and they're holding a revival.
My name's Scott.
I'm a Cisterno Docs from Little Rock, Arkansas.
This is my cousinly evidence representative, Doug Wellman, Oakland, California.
I'm Pulver Greenies from the Wise Foundation in San Francisco.
Deep in the heart of San Francisco.
People came from all over the country.
I'm from Houston, and I came to learn more about Bob.
Bob is like a super salesman.
He can sell you anything, and I bought it.
I just kept hearing the word Bob, Bob, Bob.
It would wake me up in the middle of the night.
I'd wake up doing jumpers.
I'd be doing jumping jacks.
I wouldn't know why.
Devo was in town, and Mark Mothersbaugh came by.
It was only by chance that I started receiving mail from the Subgenius Foundation,
and I realized who Bob was.
Two of the guys from Devo are at the convention.
I thought, this is really cool.
Everything was completely like a parallel universe
to what Devo had been doing back in Akron
and now was trying to foist upon the world.
This was big time, major, grade A proof positive
that it had been going on somewhere else.
There's a good Bob, and there is a bad Bob.
There's a big, tall Bob, and there's a little, short Bob.
There's a kitchen Bob, and a living room Bob.
There's an anti-gravity Bob.
And where is Bob leading them?
When you first look at it, some people go,
oh, I get it, this is a takeoff on weird cults and conspiracies.
Then they look a little bit deeper,
and if they're really an attuned sort of person,
then they realize, oh, I get it, this really is a weird cult
with cosmic wisdom and dogma that I've been needing all my life.
And that's usually when they write their first check.
Kelly Lane, Channel 4 News, Dallas.
As the song says, different strokes for different folks.
Doug's been standing out in the sun too long, I think.
I lost my ass on that.
It was disastrous for me personally.
It hurt my job and probably my marriage.
He was struggling to make money.
And I have to admit, for me, that was probably the time in my life
when I had the least amount of trouble earning an income.
I was in the perfect position of being desperate enough
to do low-budget promotion for a weird cult.
Start fist.
7,000 of them.
That's a lot of weird...
It certainly is.
I kicked in a few bucks now and then,
but for the most part, he was the guy that was shelling out his money.
You should make a film about slave labor.
That's what I'm doing.
Yeah.
I was kidnapped in my native country of Africa
walking down the street.
And these white people came up and told me to get over here to America
and fold these damn envelopes.
It was like a carrot was being dangled in front of me personally all the time.
This thing could be big.
We were aware that we were sort of influencing other people.
That was exciting.
You didn't know who, but you could kind of tell other people,
like, what's that Bob thing you're doing?
I kind of wish I had found the Church of the Subgenius
when I was a teenager living in East Texas,
a little town where the state prison was.
You know, it's nothing but Baptist church.
There's churches everywhere, which my family didn't go to,
so we were sort of the oddballs.
What do you do to earn a living?
You mean work?
What the hell is the kind of work you have to do to earn a living?
All it does is fill the bellies of the pigs who exploit us.
They look at you and say, oh, you're not getting anything done.
You're a bum. You're a slacker.
You're disengaged.
You know, all the put-downs that people throw at people
who seem to be living their own lives,
kind of following their own passions.
What is this, some kind of psychic TV-type parallelism?
Well, we all know the psychic powers of the televised image,
but we need to capitalize on it
and make it work for us instead of us working for it.
That's a threat, you know.
That's a threat to the conspiracy.
That's a threat to the mediocrity machine
that is the modern capitalism.
That's a threat to the capitalist world.
Other creative people started coming into this church.
There was a guy who owned a record store in Amherst, Massachusetts.
I think he's the one that told me about the subgenius.
I was told at one point that I was the only person
who had paid his dues to the subgenius every single time they asked.
The effect they had on David Byrne,
the effect they had on the residents,
the effect they had on Paul Reubens,
even people who were not in the church,
even people who didn't know,
were building on subgenius tropes and sensibilities.
It was very flattering.
Some of these people were like our heroes.
So to be recognized by your heroes,
it's a real ego boost, you know.
We actually got big heads and stuff.
There is a patrolman in Boston
Free the Anthropology 7
who has formed an organization called something like
the Patrolman's Friendship Association.
And the standard bearer and the emblem is a pig called Fuzzy.
And he says that Fuzzy the pig,
representing all the policemen and the people who like policemen,
is better than all the hippies.
Well, we work in this group manipulation program
and start with pigs, groups of pigs.
With any success, doctor?
No.
But it's just an experimental program,
so we expect some fallbacks before we can really get rolling with it.
And the government grants are going to last us for years,
so we don't care.
Is there any possible social use of the garbage?
No.
No social value there either?
The pigs eat it, but then they make more garbage.
That's right.
Although they're very clean little animals.
But the patients confronted with a gaggle of pigs find it difficult.
Doctor?
Doctor, can you tell me this?
Are you wearing those glasses because you think that I'm going to hit you?
No, Jim.
You have paranoid delusions.
Well, I can't believe that.
Let me see your hand.
What? No.
What?
Get your hand out of your pocket slowly.
I'm not going to hurt you.
Face the carp.
Just put your hands up.
I'm just talking about pigs, Jim.
You're just talking about pigs.




Is that your pants leg?
That's a third leg.
I'm just talking about pigs, Jim.
You must be a taper.
Jimmy.
All right. Okay.
Let's get back to pigs, gentlemen.
Let's keep it civilized.
Well, we want to help him find his direction and growth.
Now, I'm at the polar extreme.
Who are the others?
We've been trying to find this out ever since the tenants of Freud
were thrown out of the building that he owned.
We're following a Newtonian science, represented, as you were, by the cow culture, and it's
long outdated.
Let's start our science with naturalistic observation of pigs.
Doctor, what you have said here has changed my life.
From now on, I think I'm going to have to make a drastic fallback and turn around in
a cyber-movement.
I think I'm going to have to change my cybernetic sense in order to be able to just lick your
shoes.
Thank God.
Thank you, Jesus.
After all, I just like that.
I'd like to tell you right now, in front of this syndicated show, and we're reaching 60
million listeners, I would like to tell everybody that I love you, Doctor.
Jim, I think you have accomplished something important.
This is beautiful.
This is real.
This is beautiful.
You've changed my life in a way in which I can't...
There it is, Jim.
Are you trying to...
Pigs.
Pigs.
Pigs.
Pigs.
Now, hey, you, you know what this is.
It's the first time now we have an entire film made on Netflix together.
I think we may have earned a little bit more media attention in the time when no one has
anything to say.
I think I've done it before.
You'veier than that, right?
today will cause you instant sainthood and martyrdom. You will be lifted on high, so
there's no reason to cry, children. Each one of you are a little bum, armed and ready to pop.
I feel like I could pop all night, baby. I don't know if I can walk to town with this.
You're my radar love, hon. The implantation devices make sure that each child walks the
straight and narrow path to his destination. The objective or target at which he or she
is known and controlled is to make sure that each child removes itself as it removes the
target, so there are no witnesses and no disclaimers allowed past the curfew now.
What do you think, Dave, about the fact that, damn it, they're not even going to hide anymore,
are they? No. No. No, they're just...
Just right out there. We're having an oil problem right now. We're not making enough
money to who knows what. They're just not even going to hide it anymore. No. They're just going
to rape everything they can in the four years they have, or only two, really, because they know
they're going to lose the Senate. Oh, Jeb's son will be the next Bush emperor, and then...
Jeb's son? You mean the little Puerto Rican kid? Yeah, yeah. The one granddad called the little
brown one?
His father called him the little brown one? Yeah, George Bush Sr.
Oh, is that the little brown one? The little brown one, right?
Well, I'm glad he's spreading his genes around and kind of like one of the folks now, but...
That's good. You have a brown child. How did that happen?
You know, I realized that I was serious when it sunk in that I really was trying to learn
Dutch from that little Berlitz book. You mean you're saying you're actually
thinking of repatriating the feces? Well, you know...
Sure.
I don't want to be part of the empire. I know what you mean.
I don't want to be on the Death Star. I grew up believing that America was the rebel forces.
And now it's like, well, the rebel forces, this is the Death Star, man.
Howdy, folks. Come on down to America, Inc., where you'll be forced to pay for everything.
But it's not. It's convenient, friends. This is the most convenient.
Ah, memories.
They used to shoot at us. Now they shoot near us.
Well, I heard about the more friendlier bullets that they're using on the kids these days.
Well, they don't think they were using friendly bullets in Cincinnati.
I heard they use the little bouncing bullets.
Not in the West Bank of Gaza, they don't.
No, no, no. They're using really lead bullets still.
Yes, there's still lead.
And even the Army. What do you think about this? The Army has switched to a...
The Army has switched to a bullet that is environmental friendly.
It's some sort of other... It's not lead.
It's biodegradable bullets.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
The family still has to pay for it.
So that we only kill humans, not the earth.
They probably got a big conservation tax break for that.
Yeah.
The idea, of course, being, you know, this is the way...
Think of the research that went into that.
Gentlemen, the world of the future will be a clean war.
A war.
A war that you and your children...
Children can stand to fight.
An effectively deadly bullet, but yet...
You know, somebody had to not repent.
Easy to mop up after.
In order for that bullet to be developed, somebody had to not repent or quit their job or slack off.
That's the age-correct way of thinking of it, yes.
There was a point where somebody could have repented, quit their job and slack off,
and then somebody else would have had to develop that bullet.
Said, no, sign the check and put it in my rectum right here.
Well, if I don't fill up this bullet, somebody else is going to do it,
so I might as well not repent.
Can't quit my job or slack off.
I got to tell you guys something.
I'll be known as the guy who developed the environmental bullet.
The environmental bullet.
Yeah.
You know, the guy in the Doobie Brothers who's supposedly a missile defense expert?
Bend over and spread them, baby.
Here comes my environmentally cool bullet.
I love it.
Thank God I've been shot.
I can almost see the future of America.
As my life oozes out here on the sidewalk,
thank God for the safe, clean bullet that just ended me.
Ended you?
Did I?
Did you end?
Did I end at that moment?
No, you know, we have a friend who was in a band who's kind of like,
this song is just important today.
Why aren't kids, like, marching and stuff?
For what?
Yeah, they're not shooting them yet.
Stop.
Once they start shooting them, they're going to go.
You're thinking of the old America.
This is America Incorporated.
Right.
You know what?
We don't actually, I mean, come on, man.
Do I have to spell it out as many of my employers?
There are no disagreements in corporate America.
Come on now, get with the program.
Read from the same page and remember the talking points.
Point number one.
Things are better than they've ever been and worse than they've ever been.
All the kids know today is they want their job.
Well, that's all there is.
There's the job and there's the...
And the drudgery.
The life.
Well, sort of.
And the job.
Well, the job.
I'm not going to rock the boat.
I want the job.
Chaz, you told me you're not only going to rock the boat,
that you were going to rocket butt that boat right into another world.
Rocket butt that rocket boat.
I mean, I'm just...
You're getting wanted to go.
You're wanting to really climb on there and go to a world
where people actually think normal or something.
I don't know.
Yeah, definitely.
It's becoming very important to build that rocket.
To get off.
To get off.
To get off.
It's becoming very, very, very important now.
Yeah.
I want to get off.
I don't want to stick around here.
Exactly.
I just did buy a house in Cleveland.
I'm building my own Amsterdam.
Yeah, but you also built yourself a nice canal boat in your mind.
You know?
With the little hair and green thing in the front.
You know?
I'm also learning foreign languages.
So that they'll let me...
Go there.
Are you learning Enochian babbling?
Well, I've been living in my house for five years.
And for five years, I've been installing...
Each day, I dig out a little area in the foundation area.
Trying to skate?
And put in another composite rocket motor.
So the house is about two-thirds now completely surrounded and strapped with rocket motors.
So in another year or two.
But the timing is so fiendishly important, dude.
So devilishly tricky to get every rocket to go off.
At once.
You don't...
What happens if half of them go off and the other half don't?
Oh, you have a kind of...
You've got a tilted house, dude.
Really?
The Mish Fire is just going to send that thing...
Might end up in Arkansas.
Well, you would hope it would end up in Arkansas.
Well, I'm not in the middle of Lake Erie.
It doesn't matter.
As long as I reach seven miles per second in any direction, that'll be...
Even down.
I'll be able to get Earth orbit.
Chaz, I'm afraid you don't want to go seven minutes per second in any...
I mean, seven seconds...
You know, that speed in all general directions,
because that would be...
You would be exploding up if you were, you know, not ahead of direction.
It can't happen here.
It can't happen here.
I've been checking it out for a while, baby.
I'm telling you, my dear, that it can't happen here.
Camtas!
RFI!
I've been checking it out.
Checked it out a couple times.
Yeah, it's happening.
It's happening here right now.
And as we watch the sun go down on our democratic freedoms,
the freedoms that we've taken for granted for so long...
Oh, no, but we still have all those freedoms.
They're even more convenient than ever, as long as you...
As long as you tow...
...the line.
...and left out in the back for three or four days until everything's nice and...
As long as you want what they want, you can have anything you want.
We want what they want.
But I want what Bob wants.
I want what we all want.
I want a worldwide cataclysm.
I want chocolate pudding delivered to me by aliens.
And I want some female chocolate pudding delivered as frequently as possible.
As the old salivary glands can move.
Sometimes they...
They don't move.
Of course, that's not the first part of it.
That's the end of it.
The first part is much more laconic and obscure.
I mean...
Well, that's more artistic, you know, when you're obscure.
And hard to understand.
That's more artful.
And, you know, Dave, if we were a little more artful, we'd probably be getting paid a little better.
But instead, we're...
You just...
Low-grade showbiz clowns.
We might as well be the guys that sweep up behind the elephants at the circus, you know?
Well, we do that, too.
The dwarfs with the little pooper scoopers.
Well, we also do do that.
Yeah.
I mean, at least I've been going...
I mean, back...
I don't know.
Some people think they're too good to work.
But, you know, as long as I'm getting a paycheck, I don't mind what tumbles out of there.
I've seen worse things.
And I've picked up worse things.
You've stuck your arm all the way up worse places than where that came from.
Yes, that is true.
I don't want to go into the grim details.
You tried to get your head all the way up into worse places.
But I...
I was almost a microcephalic baby from that incident.
And I was almost returned to my native...
home in Canada and buried alive there for the whole incident.
It was just...
I don't want...
I don't know.
In London, it struck a compromise.
That's in England, you know.
Dodger Stadium, it struck out.
In Munich, it struck first.
Take your head down.
Chaz is trying to bring back the fake rebellion of the 60s,
which...
Which, of course, was actually co-opted from the very beginning.
Okay, you start.
The John Lennon glasses were trademarked before John Lennon was even born.
For Jack Kerouac and Cassidy and all those guys.
It was all planned out ahead of time.
Were actually mind-controlled for quite some time.
Yeah, but what good did it do?
Not a damn thing.
It was early in the morning.
The energy was so, so weak.
The poor people below could hardly stand to look up.
Their necks were craning.
But still, it looked...
It looked like it was...
Wait.
This is...
Dave, you're stuck in the 60s, man.
No, man.
I'm not stuck in the...
Get with it, dude.
It's the 90s.
No, wait.
I need reading glasses.
It's the...
The aughties or the zeros or the...
Yeah, it's the new...
It's the modern age.
What is that feeling?
It's contemporary.
It's new.
It's now.
It's...
Muscles rise up in your neck and the back of your brain tingles like there's a little teeny...
A chameleon in the back of your neck.
What is that feeling when your shoes drop?
What is that feeling when your shoes drop?
What is that feeling when your shoes drop off as you're walking down the street and they wave goodbye to you?
What is that feeling?
What is that feeling?
What's that blue stain in your undies?
Have you been keeping bad company again?
Have you been hanging with those who hang too far?
Yeah.
Yesterday I bought a new car.
Today I bought a new horn for it.
Herb Alpert.
You know, the sick thing is,
Rowan and Martin's laugh-in was...
It's actually kind of the hippest thing going at the time.
I can hardly afford to buy my groceries.
Oh, all of a sudden.
Then...
I put out all the lights and played Robert Goodway...
No, said Bill.
I've been standing here for three hours with my panties upside down and no one's noticed.
Dean hopped up about convulsively, anxiously pulling on his arms.
It made me wonder if the college boy had thanked him.
Or what he was saying.
I don't know what he was trying to do with all the strange, strange radio equipment.
No, actually, it's in Idaho.
Would you mind saying that again?
Idaho?
That's frightfully interesting.
We pronounce it Ohio.
Oh, I've always wanted to make a cowboy.
I mean, meet a cowboy.
Really?
Really?
I yelled across the river.
Well, you won't see me too for too...
Yeah, there was a mist and men are tonight,
and the streetlights didn't come on the freeway till Vine Street,
and me and an old friend were talking about Allegheny,
and pulling boats,
and there was people hanging themselves down steps, I guess,
but mostly good things.
Good things.
And hello, JD.
Hello, Robbie.
Hello, everyone.
My parents say I don't know what good clean fun is.
And they're right.
I don't know what good it is.
It's just a shame that polygamy never caught on among the married people of this country.
They should make fun of polygamies.
Polygamies?
They can't help it if they're not told.
Hey, how about that?
Your name's in big lights up there on that marquee.
So is mine.
Yeah.
This man was confused.
He was pointing and asking questions, and I just couldn't answer what...
I had no idea what he was talking about.
We really learned the three R's.
Reading, writing, and rhythm.
Specifics?
Barking and playing with ourselves.
These are the new rules.
This is the new regimen for a new human race.
One that will not only conquer the stars, but conquer the bars.
With the waiting thud of their own furry feet, they'll smash down every door,
and you'll be behind it, standing there, guarding, standing tall for America.
Really?
Really.
Man.
That really moves me, Dave.
I'm so glad that...
It's just a tear gas.
...you can't say such a sincere...
Oh, man.
It's the tear gas and the mind control, man.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I'm crying.
Oh, man.
I...
Can you hear me?
Get it together, man.
It sounds like Mambo music.
You're on the air.
It's...
Oh.
Come on.
Come on.
None of this emotional baloney.
Get it...
Get your act together, man.
Hey, guys.
You know, I was wondering...
The funny thing about doing a late night show like this and getting a lot of, you know, really...
I'm not sure if I'm doing a good show or not.
...out there callers.
Last night, little Jimmy Spliff called three times and he was, you know, doing his own
variety of rocket science.
But here at the, you know, the Kingdom Dome, there's a lot of complaints.
You know, we've had problems before, but we're going to hang in there as long as we can.
I mean, as far as I'm concerned, the gallows have been built, so let's keep hanging.
And nobody's going to...
Nobody's going to talk about your shoes or say that...
You know, you left the eggs in there too long or there's just, you know, some problem with you.
You know, everyone's going to just be cool with that.
Hey, who were you hot for on the Laugh-In, Rowan and Martin Laugh-In show?
I liked Goldie Hawn.
Chaz.
Yeah, I figured you'd be the Goldie Hawn.
There was Judy Karn, which is a little cute English chick.
Nah.
Nah.
I liked Joanne.
Joanne Worley.
Me too, man.
I was really into...
I understand.
She was kind of...
I understand.
She was kind of large and...
And...
And...


And...
And...
And...
Kind of heavy-boned and loud and obnoxious.
But that wide, wide, wide mouth just invoked...
The Queen of Hearts look.
You like that Queen of Hearts look?
Off with their heads and referring to your structures down there?
Yeah.
I don't know what it is.
I don't...
I can't put the two and two together.
Her laugh was just very infectious.
There's no doubt about it.
I wonder where she's at now and how large and old...
And she's in the old actor's home in Pasadena, California.
Sitting out in the backyard watching the Cupid pee in the pond.
Yeah, she's had her last turkey sandwich for today, though.
She's going back in sight for her meds.
Does that little boy ever finish peeing?
Or does he just be that forever?
Hasta la semana próxima.
Keep your back to the wind.
Keep your hat tight.
Keep sucking in saddle.
Claro.
Quedan tus cajones en el...
...carcel.
...barrio.
Quedan cerdentio v sophomore.
Don't even look as it'll hit him.


... in this tent.
... Veneto.

... Bel coming.


... tell me what happened to her.
... Demiフ lapsed and electrified from theeton.



Me ayу y
... ayu y
... Ihr


... Life, be it.
... Boo.
Purple haze, all in my brain
Little things just don't seem the same
I'm acting funny, but I don't know why
Excuse me while I kiss the sky
Purple haze, all around
Don't know if I'm going up or down
Am I happy, am I in misery?
Whatever it is, that girl put her smell on me
Oh, purple baby, purple baby
Purple haze
Wine glass in the invisible coffin
Held by snipers with ice slippers
Oh, purple baby, purple baby
Don't know if I'm going up or down





I'm acting funny, but I don't know why
I'm acting funny, but I don't know why
Alice is a light in my life
Don't know if I'm going up or down
kereta in the night
There is no O in subgenius.
Praise Bob.
That does have an O.
