Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob
My friends, it is very simple.
Ow.
It's not hard to understand at all.
This is the genius show of Slack, brought to you by nobody.
Hi, Bob.
They tell us that we lost our tails Evolving up from little snails
I say it's all just wind and sails Are we not men?
We are not men.
We are Devo.
Are we not men?
We are Devo.
Are we not men?
We are Devo.
Please take me along when you slip on down.
We're pinheads.
Now we are not home.
We're pinheads.
Now we are not home.
We're pinheads.
Now we are not home.
Are we not men?
We are Devo.
Are we not men?
We are Devo.
Are we not men?
B-E-R-D-O
Please take me along as you devolve on down
Nice
Nice
God made man
Can use the money
He to do it now
Monkey Man on
In business suit
Teachers and critics all dance the food
Say it again
Monkey Man on
In business suit
Teachers and critics all dance the food
Monkey Man on
In business suit
Teachers and critics all dance the food
B-E-R-D-O
D-E-V-O

D-E-V-O
D-E-V-O
D-E-V-O
D-E-V-O
D-E-V-O

D-E-V-O

D-E-V-O Dan did that. I bet you were wondering. The song is called Hey Homo and I think it's from the album Are We Not Dan? We Are Gaucho.
There's an interesting history of D-E-V-O Dan at D-E-V-O Dan.com.
I was alerted to the marvels of D-E-V-O Dan by our friend Reverend Robin Mountain Boy who will probably see at the devotional here in Cleveland at the end of August.
She and her music can be found at RobinRenee.com.
Lee Murr did the intro for this hour of Slack number 1219 which is mostly music this time with bits of 12X Day live shows mixed in.
But now, a public service message from Lee Murr.

Norrell Prep.
There's a new happy hour in America. It's called O-R-G.
Hello, I'm Tony Perkins. According to a new D-C-R-O-F-I study, adults who don't go to church during their childhood are more likely to be happy later on in life.
Kids who never went to church are very happy now. Of course, this is nothing new.
So, if you're looking for service with a smile, try O-R-G.
D-E-V-O Dan
D-E-V-O Dan
D-E-V-O Dan
h
V jog
V jog
V jog
V jog
V jog
V jog
Love will never change
We are
All these quibbly bars
Love is there
It's the one with the high line
That shines on the top of the world
That burns and gleams in the twilight
It's clearly the one with the high line
It's nada
It's nada
Love will never change
It's nada
Always will be
It's the one with the high line
That rains on the coast like fire
It's clearly the one with the high line
It's clearly the one with the high line
Love is there

Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
That's a joke,
and your mathematics,
Yes.
Uh-huh.
I don't know too much
about a sergeant,
but I got a hunch.
I don't think
I made a mistake.
Yeah.
What do you think?
No such thing.
Marijuana.
There's no such thing
as a bad machine.
as enough.
Caroline the birds and bees research stopped Tony Perkins doing lines stop answers to embarrassing
questions new technology reduces information directly through shame and embarrassment.
As a cult we've done away with strangers by taking the birds and bees research we need
more there's no such thing as enough.
My church is the church without Christ.
I am a member and a preacher to that church where the blind don't see and the lame don't
walk and what's dead stays that way.
What church you belong to?
You boy there.
I said what church you belong to?
Church of Christ.
Well ask me about my church and I'll tell you it's the church that the blood of Jesus
don't foul with redemption.
Listen here I'm gonna take the truth with me wherever I go.
I'm gonna preach it to whoever will listen I'm gonna preach that there was no fall because
there was nothing to fall.
No redemption because there was no fall and no judgment because there wasn't the first
two.
Nothing matters but that Jesus Christ was alive.
Hazel listen here Hazel I found it.
What do you want?
I found it the house where they live.
You shouldn't ought to hit me Hazel it were nothing I done that you should have hit me.
I only thought it was a three but I found it and I'll take you there if you want.
I know where they live.
I live there now.
See?
Know where they live?
But if you didn't know and I told you then you'd know now.
Oh get out of here.
All he can do is hang around and make a fool out of himself.
He don't know whether he's coming or going.
He ain't nothing but a shiftless crazy boy.
If Jesus Christ had redeemed you what difference would it make to you?
What difference would it make to that crazy boy?
There's no peace for the redeemed.
If they was three.
Three crosses there and Jesus Christ hung on the middle one that wouldn't mean no more
to you or me than the other two.
What you need is something to take the place of Jesus.
Something that would speak plain.
Now the church without Christ don't have a Jesus but it needs one.
It needs a new Jesus.
One that's all.
One that's all man without blood to waste that don't look like any other man so you'll
look at him.
Give me such a Jesus.
I got him.
I mean I can get him.
Him you've seen him yourself.
Him that I showed to you the new Jesus.
I'll get him.
I'll get him for you Hazel.
You look at me and you look at a peaceful man.
Peaceful because my blood has set me free.
Everybody's got a Jesus.




They've got a daily express point of view.
Everybody thinks the world is out to get them and they think it through.
And common sense kicks in and the intelligent among us see the truth through the dim but
everybody else still gets the daily express.
I've got this theory and I hypothesize.
As brains get in but there's a moment in time.
There's not a single time.




When people instantly are all of a mind
But that's quite understandable
When you're confronted with the horrors of news
Your mind is saturated, bleak and confused
It's black and white, simplicity is the fuse
And the easiest to blame
It's the things everybody's got
A daily express point of view
Everybody thinks the world is out to get them
But they think it's true
And common sense kicks in
And the intelligence among us see the truth through the tin
But everybody else still gets the daily express
After five seconds then clarity comes
Judgment appears about the earlier ones
That their solution wasn't really well done
But some people are left behind
And they're not alone
And they're the people who were never a tongue
They've got opinions solidly set in stone
They've got ideas that are molded from bone
And they're the readers of the daily express
Cause everybody's got a daily express point of view
Everybody thinks the world is out to get them
But they think it's true
And common sense kicks in
And the intelligence among us see the truth through the tin
But everybody else still gets the daily express
The daily express
The immediate rush is an imbalanced push
That they think without thinking and you're on a note
The bit is the page of these papers
The day of the kid might pick any opinion at all
It's the ultimate plan
It's the measure of man to accept
That things don't get resolved in a push
And about this time you accept
The first thing in your mind
That please for the daily express
When you're confronted with the horrors of news
Your mind is saturated, bleak and confused
It's black and white, simplicity is the fuse
And the easiest to blame gets blamed
Everybody's got a daily express point of view
Everybody thinks the world is out to get them
But they think it's true
And common sense kicks in
And the intelligence among us see the truth through the tin
But everybody else still gets the daily express


But everybody else still gets the daily express
But everybody else still gets the daily express
But everybody else still gets the daily express
But everybody else still gets the daily express
Reverend Diva Schematic of the band The Attery Squash
sings The Daily Express.
Actually, a not quite finished preview of their new CD.
I'm trying to somehow get them to the devotional
someday.
You can learn more about them
and even see some videos at
myspace.com slash theatterysquash
Attery has two T's in it.
Before that, a nice clip from Wise Blood.
And now, back to 12X Day.
Five minutes till fairy tale time!
Oh yes, the fairy tale theater that we promised.
You see, these tales are written by our own Reverend Back It On Up.
They are classic fairy tales.
And by relating them here during this special broadcast,
you will learn the eternal principles which underlie them.
Okay, well, we're getting ever closer
like Achilles' staggering tortoise to fairy tale time.
How wonderful it's going to be when we tell the
Two minutes to fairy tale time.
Incredible fairy tale.
This has to be timed delicately.
It's like a NASA launch.
When the stars are right, you shall hear these
stories.
We have interpreters.
I'm one of them.
Each interpreter will do a different fairy tale.
So who goes first, Nikki?
Is that you?
Then, ladies and gentlemen, now Nikki Deathcheck will tell the first of the three trenchant
fairy tales of Reverend Back It On Up.
Just by way of a quick introduction.
I'll slack.
I'll slack as a breeding ground for just the most insane people you can possibly imagine.
Kooks, subgenius kooks, and kook baiting is something that is widely practiced on alt-slack.
In the last several weeks, Reverend Back It On Up has presented us on alt-slack with some
amazing fairy tales regarding specifically one of these kooks.
So the first fairy tale, so gather around children.
It's fairy tale time.
The first story is called The Princess and the Pea, and that's P-E-E.
Uh-oh.
There once was a handsome prince who had $30 laying around, so he decided to buy himself
a princess for a couple of hours.
He searched the phone book under princesses, but nothing seemed right.
He Googled it, but came up short.
So he sent out word via Craigslist that he was looking for some princess action, and
within a day, a line of princesses had formed up.

He looked at the line and saw a little girl, and she was sitting outside his door.
Some were curvaceous, and some were lanky.
Some had big feet, and some had Adam's apples.
Some smelled like garlic, and some had five o'clock shadow.
But at the end of the line was a creature so obscene that he could not believe she was
really a princess.
An angry purple ogre with the greasy crust of what looked like flecks of mashed potatoes
and chili in her hair.
Her face red with rage.
Her lips were spattered with spittle.
Surely you are not a princess, said the prince.
Well, I don't work, and I don't cook, and I don't clean my house, and I feel entitled
to everything.
What would you suggest I am, replied the harpy.
Fair enough, said the prince.
But in his heart, he was not sure.
So he devised a test to determine if the princess was sincere.
He led her into his castle and pointed to a sack of mattresses.
Sleep there tonight, he said, and in the morning I will let you know if I have chosen you to
be my princess.
Beneath the mattresses he had cleverly hidden a turnip.
He went to his bedroom but could hardly sleep that night for anticipation.
The princess climbed to the top of the stack of mattresses, but she overshot the far end
when heaving her mammoth leg up and fell over the bed and onto the floor, busting her lip.
She climbed up again, but she got distracted by the flickering of a television set across
the room and slipped off again, bruising her knees.
Someone else should be doing this hard labor for me, she grumbled.
But the idea of a prince paying all her bills and buying her noodles and sauce packets for
the rest of her life fortified her with the strength to keep trying.
By her sixth try, she made it to the top without bashing her nose or whacking her funny bone.
By then, her bladder was crying out for relief, but she didn't feel like climbing back down.
What the hell? It's not in my bed, she said, and she snored the night away in satisfaction.
The next morning, the prince found the princess looking somehow even worse than she did when
she first arrived.
Only a princess's delicate skin would be so damaged from spending the night on a turnip,
he declared, and heaved her into his arms to carry her off to his chamber.
I want the thirty dollars up front, said the princess.
I don't give it up for free.
But my love, last night while you were sleeping I bedded the other applicants and sent that
thirty dollars to Bob.
Hey, what's that smell? Is that you? he replied.
The princess stormed off in a rage and in her blind fury accidentally slipped, and she
fell into his piranha mode where she was devoured within minutes.
And that is how Bob saved the handsome prince from almost having intercourse with Schizebeck.
The end.
And now the second story will be read by Susie the floozy.
I shall endeavor to.
This is called The Three Little Pinks.
Once upon a time there were three little pinks who escaped from the asylum to seek
their fortune in the world.
All throughout the springtime the little pinks played in the field, seething and obsessing
and deluding themselves.
And they dined upon sodium-rich noodle and powdered sauce packets, and they watched television,
and they gazed at the moon and drooled and their imaginations ran wild.
It was a good time to be a little pink.
By September the days had become shorter and the weather cooled.
And one of the little pinks, Porkle, suggested to his brother and sister that they build
their homes for the coming winter.
But his sister, Strips of Bacon, would have none of it.
I want to dance the night away in a purple sheet, she said.
There will be plenty of time later to build my home.
Someone else should tell me how to build it.
Someone else should do it for me.
Jesus should do it for me.
Good luck with that.
To punctuate her point, she farted and giggled and collapsed in the grass out of breath.
Likewise, his brother, Reverend Mistress Blue Boring, was busy rewriting the dictionary.
I never get far with my project, he moaned, because whenever I get up to the ease, the
universe speaks to me and I eat the entire thing and I have to start over.
It's my afflictivation and I lamentify most grieverishly.
But I have envisioned a house and it has never been done before, which is manifest in the
vastness of my mind, and this shall be enough to protectivate me should any wolfmen or zomboids
arise to eat my brainicles.
Considering this, Porkle realized that he himself had inspired some of the greatest
fortresses ever erected.
And he was filled with confidence that if he just showed up in an existing house, he
could proclaim himself the owner and move right in.
So all of this was a dream.
Autumn turned to winter and the three little pinks froze to death.
A spacecraft bearing thousands of alien insects who spoke a clicking language landed next
to their remains and their carcasses were torched in furious alien flames to become
the salty cured main course of the annual feast of clickmas.
It was their greatest contribution to the world.
The end.
Next we have Dr. Hell and then followed by Reverend Potter Nostril.
And now, kiddies, it's time for the third fairy tale.
This one entitled Schizobec's New Clothes.
Schizobec was sitting on the throne when the phone rang.
It was her social worker.
With good news.
Your personality test results are in.
You scored very low on social skills and being interesting, but you aced blithering small talk.
You are fit to work in any corporate office.
Oh no.
She did not have anything appropriate to wear.
So she ate a Snickers bar and with chocolate all over her face waddled over to her local Walmart
to outfit herself.
She stood in the entrance, wide-eyed and slack-jawed, a thin streamer of drool on her
chin, gawking at the TV guides.
In the shadows of the children's flammable one-piece pajama department lurked a devious
manager oppressed by the policy specifying a quota of mentally challenged employees.
He saw his opportunity.
And twisting his handlebars, he looked at the TV.
He saw her mustache.
He slipped over to Schizobec and took her by the hand.
Hello, beautiful, he hissed.
Today is your lucky day.
I have a job for you.
Do you know what a job is?
I don't want to print things on my own paper and I want you to describe the job to me and
I don't want to talk to Mexicans and I want candy, wailed Schizobec, spittle-spraying the
manager's jowly face.
And I don't want to pay for a uniform.
You give it to me.
The manager could see that Schizobec would complete his entire quota for mental defectives
single-handedly, but he could not give her a uniform or Walmart would dock his pay.
Suddenly, Dobbs whispered into his ear and a cunning plan came to him.
He held out his empty hands to Schizobec and, waving them around, he said,
This is the uniform for you.
Elegant, slimming, not that you need it, purple and flowy, bathrobe-like.
In this uniform you will feel as if you were hula dancing in your own backyard or hiding
under the bed from thunderstorms.
But beware, others will envy your uniform so much that they will pretend you are wearing
nothing at all.
Do not heed the jealous ho-dogs.
Just wear it and wiggle your sexy body with pride whenever you catch someone staring.
Schizobec was overjoyed.
What a day.
And so the manager gave her a register key and her new uniform.
And before he knew it, a naked white potato sat plopped on a stool behind register five,
gobbling Snickers.
And wiping her hands in the folds of her elegant uniform.
And Walmart won the Smiling Simp Award at the annual Pointless Awards ceremony.
The end.
Our concluding fairy tale is the story of Schizzerella.
Schizzerella is a woman who is a womanizer.
Schizzerella sat amid the muck and filth of her run-down Alabama shithole, stalking
the Internet for something banal and off topic to post to her favorite newsgroups, when she
came across a post about a fancy ball hosted by Prince Stang, which all the ladies were
attending.
She extracted her hefty finger from deep within her nostril, examined her findings, and made
up her mind to attend.
Just because I haven't been invited, and I seem unwanted, and nobody likes to deal with me,
and I don't have a job, and I'm an absurdly gyrating blob who attempts to force my inarticulate and uninteresting blah, blah, blah on everyone,
doesn't mean I can't be kept from attending this party.
Good luck with that, she gurgled, and paused to pick off a crusty piece of rice-a-roni that had dried to her favorite zebra applique sweatshirt.
The San Francisco treat, she mumbled, eating it.
A fancy ball is no place to wear your everyday purple tarp,
so Schizerella flung wide the doors of her closet and stared at the mess of shit within.
One pair of khaki pants from her brief employment at Papa John's,
four sizes too small and stained with pizza sauce.
Seven frayed and dingy veils, holes rotted through the mouth area,
as if from a chemical burn.
One potato sack from her days as a dancing potato in the supermarket,
which bore the words, Idaho's best, in red block letters around the middle.
Nothing seemed right.
Suddenly, Jesus appeared, and the strains of kung fu fighting filled the room.
I see that you are in need of help, Schizerella, he said.
I love all of my father's creatures.
Blessed are the pathetic.
For they shall inherit a ride.
And with a wave of his magic wand, he transformed a turnip into a coach.
And the scuttling cockroaches that darted around on the sticky linoleum into horses.
And a blow-up love doll into a coachman.
Shazam, screamed the Lord, and did some of his favorite dance moves.
What about my clothes, wailed Schizerella.
Who is going to get me?








Who is going to provide me with the new clothes?
She winced at the recollection of the last time someone had given her new clothes,
the painful embarrassment of the handcuffs,
and the cold leather seat of the police car under her naked buttocks.
Well, damn, said Jesus.
Blessed are the pains in my ass.
For they shall inherit a stunning new wardrobe.
And with a waggle of his finger,
her stained and wretched purple tarp was transformed into a glittering,
spring ball gown.
And the crusted mat of her hair was transformed into a full head helmet
with goggles and a dark tint.
What about my body odor, Schizerella griped.
But even the Son of Man could do nothing about that.
So she set out in her turnip coach, driven by Mr. Moldy Valve,
her enchanted coachman.
And eventually she rolled up onto the ball.
Prince Stang and his men in waiting,
were at the gate when she arrived.
She tumbled out of her turnip coach,
clomped up to the prince and said,
Well, I see it is time for that party again,
and I'm here for that party,
and I have a blues tape by Eric Clapton,
but somebody's going to have to pay the entrance fee for me,
because I don't have benefits,
because Mexicans took my job from good, hard-working American people
who don't have time to be printing out their own job applications.
I mean, if you're into that kind of waste of time,
maybe you should try watching The View.
There's a recipe on there for tuna casserole,
but you can watch it on the internet.


You can replace the tuna with noodles,
and the noodles with mashed potatoes,
and that's just as good as long as it's not soupy.
Good luck with that.
But Prince Stang could only shake his head sadly.
You missed the ball, Schizzarella.
It ended a week ago.
How long did it take you to get here from Alabama
by horse-drawn carriage?
And why are your horses so small and scuttly?
Schizzarella went wild with rage.
She flailed and thrashed so violently.
She was so angry that she staggered out into the road,
where she was run over and killed by a cart full of Amish girls
on their way to Atlantic City.
Buzzards picked her to pieces,
and the next heavy rainfall washed her bones into the gutter.
The end.
On the streets and streets have become more mundane.
Even when your tremendous forms take you to sleep,
you get seaweed stealing on you when they're the same.

theilleroo spitring tutto al salto over you.
Sir discovered that,


I'll take him by the nose.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.





Going Under, a Devo song covered by Reverend Wilhelm Stahlhelm, from his

his album called blank which I believe you can only get directly from him
Wilhelm stall helm at hotmail.com he was handing him out at 12x day I keep mine
in my love bucket fill her love bucket no point big brownie point the love
bucket love bucket one bucket bucket with my pocket
so while since I stayed I guess I sure believe maybe next year will be better than the last
I still remember the last thing that Bob said
now the drills go by so fast
you
wish she would
the smell of the boys and of normals
and the feeling that they all can't help but sit in my face
with my third eye I look across the mill
to see he exists on their way to burn this place
you
and it's one more day up in the saucers
and it's one more night in brushwood
if saucer dreams alone could bring me Susie
maybe I could
na na na na
na na na na
na na na na
na na na na
na na na na
na na na na
na na na na
na na na na
na na na na
na na na na
na na na then na na
na na na na
na na na

I've crisp as mug and mentioned sometime after two AM
making numb
nowb
ta
But the conspiracy makes you move a little slower
Makes you talk a little lower
About the day that we take over
It's been a while since X-Day
And I guess I will believe
Maybe next year will be better than the last
I can remember all the times I played the hourglass
And wished my wish would make it come to pass
So it's 6.59 on board the saucer
But it's 7.01 in Brushwood
I have a dream

I have never made it to an X-Day
I guess I should
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na
Na na na na yeah
Na na na la la la la la
Na na na na na na na na na na na
Na na na la la la la la yeah
Yeah
Yeah
That touching song was by our friend
Reverend Oroboros Rex
of our beloved Hour of Slack playing station
WEFT in Champaign, Illinois.
What's next is an excerpt from the audiobook
of Terry Pratchett's novel Men at Arms
although this section is about dogs at arms.
Terry Pratchett's novel Men at Arms


who is a man who has been in the guild
Oh dear me no
These are dogs that have been
He lowered his voice
Bad dogs
Bad dogs?
Bad dogs
You naughty boy
Give him a smack you bad dog
muttered Gaspode
Like some horrible litany
Every dog you see here right?
Every dog run away
Run away from his or her actual owner
Is that all?
All?
All?
Well of course you ain't exactly a dog
You wouldn't understand
You wouldn't know what it was like
But Big Fido he told him
Throw off your chalk chains he said
Bite the hand that feeds you
Rise up and howl
He gave him pride said Gaspode
His voice a mixture of fear and fascination
He told him
Any dog he finds not being a free spirit
That dog is a dead dog
He killed a doberman last week
Just for wagging his tail when a human went past
Angua looked at some of the other dogs
They were all unkempt
They were also in a strange way
Undog-like
There was a small and rather dainty white poodle
That still just about had the overgrown remains of its poodle cut
And a lapdog with the tattered remains of a tartan jacket still hanging from its shoulder
But they weren't milling around or squabbling
They had a uniform intent look that she'd seen before
Although never on dogs
Gaspode was clearly trembling now
Angua slunk over to the poodle
It still had a diamante collar visible under the crusty fur
This Big Fido she said
Is he some kind of wolf or what?
Spiritually all dogs are wolves said the poodle
But cynically and cruelly severed from their true destiny
By the manipulations of so called humanity
It sounded like a quote
Big Fido
Big Fido said that?
Angua hazarded
The poodle turned its head
For the first time she saw its eyes
They were red and mad as hell
Anything with eyes like that could kill anything it wanted
Because madness, true madness
Can drive a fist through a plank
Yes
Said Big Fido
He had been a normal dog
He'd begged and rolled over and heeled and fetched
Every night he'd been taken for a walk
There was no flash of light when it happened
He'd just been lying in his basket one night
And he'd thought about his name which was Fido
And the name on the basket which was Fido
And he thought about his blanket with Fido on it
And his bowl with Fido on it
And above all he brooded on the collar with Fido on it
And something somewhere deep in his brain had gone click
And he'd eaten his blanket
Savaged his owner
And dived out through the kitchen window
In the street outside a Labrador four times the size of Fido
Had sniggered at the collar
And thirty seconds later
Had fled whimpering
That had just been the start
The dog hierarchy was a simple matter
Fido had simply asked around
Generally in a muffled voice
Because he had someone's leg in his jaws
Until he located the leader of the largest gang of feral dogs in the city
People, that is dogs
Still talked about the fight between Fido and Barking Mad Arthur
A Rottweiler with one eye and a very bad temper
But most animals don't fight to the death
Only to the defeat
And Fido was impossible to defeat
He was simply a very small dog
A small fast killing streak with a collar
He'd hung on to bits of Barking Mad Arthur
Until Barking Mad Arthur had given in
And then to his amazement
Fido had killed him
There was something inexplicably determined about the dog
You could have sandblasted him for five minutes
And what was left still wouldn't have given up
And you'd better not turn your back on it
Because Big Fido had a dream
Completelylength
The Dog complemented his r sociales
But the tomorrow was only one
And could have forced aupported
To Tell you these stories
When our lives
I can take the luxury
From the state of the air
But it ain't a slave
And I seem to realize
We can't depend on
All our other love and cards
Such an individual
We have many other days
Trying to call attention to
All the little silver waves
We can't let the leverage in
By the very end instead
Made it cozy and bitter
Then they blessed
Their control
Brought us down
From within
We were caught
In their web
No way out
Was somewhere
And we were the scientists
Thinking of the common mind
Never drowsing on their mind
And we swiped the fear
With a broad sensory
Then it hit us very
Many a day they have found
This is a flip around
Forming of a story
So we write
On the ground
Now we call
Our chance
To be the best
We will never
Rushing away
Another day
And it's over
We will never
Say goodbye
Till we find











We can't
We means

One thing
Let it be
Every minute
It should
We believe


Matter all the time







To be a
Paranoid, because I'm the underbite.
We have social media, special programs, negative days,
triple-times and balances, triple-talking human race,
and now it's all about the protest.
There's the essence, where my choice,
we've been talking about the boss.
Trouble From Within, a new song from Rural War Room,
and our old, old friend, St. Byron Werner,
and his partner, Donovan Suit, at RuralWarRoom.com.
That's part of a new album by them called
The Flaming Yawn.
Before that, we heard some of the audio book
of Terry Pratchett's Men at Arms.
This has been Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius,
which you can learn everything about at subgenius.com.
The background music behind the credits here
is by Reverend Ron Slabe's Pyrosonic,
the album Pyrotopia.
You can find more of that at myspace.com slash pyrosonic.
music.
And now for our farewell cut,
an amazing mix of the songs of Genius Lullaby
by the late Chaz Smith and ESO,
recorded during his Swamp Radio show on WCSB Cleveland.
Praise Bob.
¶¶
¶ And dream of flying high
¶ On July 5th next year
¶ Go to sleep
¶ And dream of flying high
¶ On Lullaby
¶ Did you all see this?

And dreams that Bob has now
Sex goddesses and spirits
Shall guide your way
The smiling face of Bob
Will keep you safe till you're sick again
A sex goddess is born
Go to sleep now
By counting sheeples
Follow foals
To the hell they build
Follow blob
Go to sleep now
And dream of times when we
Will meet to sing
And praise the name
Of God
Now begin swaying back and forth
Sex goddesses and spirits
Shall guide your way
The smiling face of Bob
Will keep you safe till you're sick again
A sex goddesses and spirits
Shall guide your way
The smiling face of Bob
Will keep you safe till you're sick again
