You're not going to sedate me anymore.
Who are you?
The Self Genius Hour of Swagging
I seem to be in a timeless space void.
Neither light nor dark.
I have awareness but not mind but no memory.
That should hold her till we get her home.
What do you mean?
Yes, I get them.
Well, that's why I'm slowing down.
Well, that's why everybody else is too, so it's all relative.
Oh.
It was just one big sun-bleached hangover.
I have to be really careful.
People just sit out there and watch you take a nap, right?
They themselves are in a state beyond slumber.
They take a nap while you take a nap.
Their eyes are open but their sense is shut.
We have a nap competition.
We can probably sell this episode of Hour of Slugging.
Look.
The power of Dr. Codini.
I got me one of them.
Hell, got him an ice cream.
Yeah.
All right.
I bet you he doesn't share that either.
First Drummond, now Dr. Howell.
Now, we were talking earlier about using those as, well, rectally as like a, whatchamacallit.
Well, that would really cool you down in a hurry, I think.
Yeah.
Are you going to apply it rectally or orally, Dr. Howell?
Cool you down real quick.
Dr. Howell has gone for the oral option.
No.
Seriously, do you think we could sell this episode as a sleeping aid?
You know, the...
Like white noise in the background.
Yeah, like this white noise tapes would just be...
Yeah.
Or we could get Philo up here and give him a cup of coffee and he could almost sit in my car with the air conditioning.
...drained overseas to lunge viciously and bite.
What dead air?
Listen to this dead air.
There's so much dead air here.
I'm getting...
I think I might die.
Stop complaining.
When you got...
When you...
When...
When you talk at the same time as somebody else...
I'd listen to the other person, just so you know.
I can only listen to one at a time.
And so, uh...
I'm taking advantage of the headphones.
This is the first time I've been able to hear Howell.
In the beginning was the three-pointed star.
I'll listen to what you have to say later.
A smile of light across the empty face.
That is the cause of several world wars.
A bow of bone against the routing air.
The substance fork that marrowed the first sun.
And burning ciphers on the round of space.
Heaven and hell mixed as they spun.
In the beginning was the pale signature.
Three-syllabled and starry as the smile.
And after came the imprint on the waters.
Stamp of the minted face upon the moon.
The blood that touched the cross tree in the grail.
Touched the first cloud.
And left a sign.
In the beginning was the mounting fire.
That set alight the weathers from a spark.
A three-eyed...
Red-eyed...
Spark.
Blunt as a flower.
Life rose and spouted from the rolling seas.
Burst from the roots.
Pumped from the earth and rock.
The secret oils that drive the grass.
In the beginning was the word.
The word that from the solid bases of the light abstracted all the letters of the void.
And from the cloudy bases of the breath.
The word flowed up.
Translating to the heart.
First characters of birth and death.
In the beginning was the secret brain.
The brain was selled and soldered in the thought.
Before the pitch was forking to a sun.
Before the veins were shaking in their sieve.
Blood shot and scattered to the winds of light.
The ribbed original of love.
Before the
It's Bulldada!
It's Bulldada!
It's Bulldada!
They pat themselves on the back.
I posted a funny link.
I guess that makes me an artist.
I have a problem with the concept of DJs in a similar way.
An EJ?
DJs.
They seem to believe that choosing music in a certain order is some sort of art form.
Now, since I'm deaf, maybe I'm missing something.
You mean just guys who play other people's music?
Yeah, people who play other people's music are artists now.
You make a playlist on your YouTube collection of other people's stuff.
You're an artist.
No, I never heard the term.
A good EJ susses out the mood of the room and pays attention to what people are doing,
so he pipes in carefully added music.
What about the robot march the other night?
Doesn't that take skill to find?
And play at the right time?
I guess so.
Like I said, I'm deaf.
I'm just guessing.
I'm just guessing what you just said.
You can't hear the music.
He wasn't actually talking.
That was a voice inside your head.
Dr. Drummond, you're an expert on young people's music.
Don't they have a guy who stands at the back while the others are jumping around
and waving their crotches who twiddles knobs and makes sounds and everything?
Don't they call him a DJ too?
I mean, he's not playing records.
He's just making electronic sounds.
I may.
I can make techno music.
I could open up this little box right here.
I could be playing techno music.
You'd think I was a musician.
Well, you should do that then.
But actually, I'm not going to because it's too stupid.
A little kid can make techno music.
I personally like it.
In fact, if I put that thing on random loop selection,
it'll sound just like anything Moby's getting paid millions of dollars for.
Go ahead and do so.
I like that artist.
I like that artist named Random.
That's a good artist.
Yes.
Like Roderick Random.
I think Random serves you well, particularly if you have a very, very large library.
As long as it's a large library of everything that you already like in the first place.
And everything is highly juxtaposed.
That's what it is about to me.
It's about the juxtaposition.
Of what?
Well, the beauty of it is that part of the juxtaposition will work no matter what.
Just the same as if you're showing a film and you play any music.
Now you're talking.
That film and music are wed as one.
Not a bad idea.
And it can be the same with some music that you are playing at random.
Could be like that guy that did Tubular Bells.
They call this principal co-expressibility.
Oh, is that the name of it?
Like when you run Wizard of Oz and Pink Floyd at the same time.
They sync up perfectly.
Well, you can run anything and it appears to be the soundtrack.
But some things work better than others.
I thought it was called being high as a kite.
It helps.
But you always should anyway when you approach art.
You shouldn't be hanging back.
I just saw Avatar with a pink Floyd soundtrack.
And being ginger about it, you should be throwing yourself at it.
Because only then can you find out whether it's any good.
I think Finney did it.
It was Finney.
It was good.
I enjoyed it.
Much better than the original.
Well, there's a lot of movies that are much better if you just turn the sound off.
If you can't hear what they're saying.
This show, for example, is a whole lot more understandable.
Or the music.
Just turn the radio off.
Just turn it off and everything will be made perfectly clear.
Because all we're going to do is confuse you.
I got news for you, man.
They turned us off ten minutes ago.
Good.
Now I can get back in my air-conditioned car.
Hey, look.
There's people here.
Holy crap.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're starting tonight's chain of unfortunate events.
With Amoeba Knievel.
Hello, everybody.
We are Amoeba Knievel.
And welcome to X Day.
I'm going to start off things singing my ballad.
I am Tommy Amoeba.
And this is my theme song.
It's called The Ballad of Tommy Amoeba.
And these are my backup singers for this song.
It goes like this.
He was formed in primordial ooze.
When chemicals merged and something grew.
He split in two and then in four.
So now today there's a whole lot more.
Viva Amoeba, the lowest form of life.
Tommy Amoeba.
He'll make it all right.
Others evolved to higher forms.
The dodo bird and the dinosaur.
The human being.
And cockapoo.
Tommy remained to himself true.
Viva Amoeba, the lowest form of life.
Tommy Amoeba.
He'll make it all right.
Viva Amoeba.
Viva Amoeba.
Tommy Amoeba.
And the spa.
I thought the best for it.
Marsia.
Marsia Fair.
It makes sense.
Pages.
And then it Gone wasn't gone.

This love которые je t'aime a la laissez-vous travailler d'em.
Duَجَ !!!
ลėлийв
Л Idolittikoviy
I'm always wild
She's a low-key so I be quiet
But I need more iron in my diet
The world goes round in circles as time slides reel to reel
I listen to the music keeping me in a hurry and feel
Guitars coming all shapes and sizes on my skydivers
Check out!
This is the way the world ends
This is the way the world ends
This is the way the world ends
Like a broken record
Woo!
However obnoxious young punk
Give me anarchy or give me lunch
Then we'll safely assume he's forgotten
The king of all Memphis is back
On his point of being lonely and fat
Silent TV is coming
The world goes round in circles as time slides reel to reel
I listen to the music keeping me in a hurry and feel
Guitars coming all shapes and sizes on my skydivers
Check out!
This is the way the world ends
This is the way the world ends
This is the way the world ends
Like a broken record
Another man waiting to break
Pop the clutch as they jam on the brake
Can't always make me a good man
The rest of the family are the worst
One more time




Like a fence to the tip of a sword
It looks like I caught one of their pigeons
The world goes round in circles as time slides by
I listen to the music, keeping time to how I feel
The cars come to all the shits inside the summer's dry blood
Check it out!
This is the way the world ends
This is the way the world ends
This is the way the world ends
This is the way the world ends
This is the way the world ends
This is the way the world ends
This is the way the world ends
This is the way the world ends
This is the way the world ends
This is the way the world ends
This is the way the world ends
I was always mind horrified...
... when I saw how I couldn't find the lyrics


When I saw the lyrics I felt like this was the end of the world
This is the way the world ends
guys like show this song at school
gem
The way the world has to, the way the world has to.
Hey, come on now.
We can't ignore our fans.
That one right there is running tight.
I have a job to do.
We've got one of our fans up there.
Who cares?
I feel sorry for all these people sitting around looking at us,
but the fans still have ice cream.
They still have ice cream.
So, take it advisedly.
Eat ice cream.
Ice cream is available.
It's good for you.
No, it's not.
It's organic.
It saves trees.
It will make a brighter, greener future.
For the children.
Every time you purchase another ice cream bar.
But when you don't purchase an ice cream bar,
a child goes hungry.
Please.
You must.
Even if you just throw it away.
You, through the act of your loving purchase,
increase the chances of these young children surviving for another hour.
You could be a commie.
You could be a commie.
Or,
whatever is the political persuasion of your favorite hatred.
Cold fresh fruit.
Cold fresh fruit.
It's just as good as ice cream for saving the children.
Or you could even mix the ice cream and the cold fresh fruit together.
Be exceptionally inventive.
Just remember, someone goes hungry when you don't purchase food to eat.
Well,
so much for today.
So much for the PSA.
From PR News in Washington, I'm sunbathing at a relative's private French chateau.
PR News.
Japan is one crucial step closer to phoned-in bomb threats and offshore wind farms.
Prosecutors say this is PR News.
This hour, President Obama disregarded police orders during a protest on the Brooklyn Bridge.
His mission is to promote an angry mob and religious flags,
then set them on fire.
The ceremony is being held over the next three decades on the Brooklyn Bridge.
The Federal Reserve is reporting a 1.2% decline in industrial PR news.
Any better?
After 14 years of audio collage and sound effects,
Evolution Control Committee are starting to make some serious waves.
In January 2000, Evolution Control Committee received legal threats from CBS.
What is this?
This is the CBS Evening News.
Concerning the band's release, Rock by Rape.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock by Rape.
Rock.
Rock by Rape.


Rock.
Rock.
Rock by Rape.
Rock.




A critique of violence in network TV news,
created from samples of Dan Rather's news commentary and his well-known shock phrases.
With Dan Rather reporting from CBS, CBS, CBS.
As the band faced a possible legal battle with the media giant,
they turned to the public for support by creating a video.

The band's name was the Naps for Bonds.
MP3s of the Rocked by Rape song were disguised as unheard songs by popular artists.
Since then, they have appeared several times in Spin and Bizarre magazine,
as well as NPR's All Things Considered.
There is a song circulating on the internet that CBS does not endorse,
does not want sold, and does not want heard.
So what are Evolution Control Committee up to now,
and what do these sound pirates have in store for us next?
Copyright Violation for the National.
Copyright naturalization violation has been our motto for the last 20-some odd years.
This is the Evolution Control Committee,
welcoming you to this Norwegian Cruise Line's special Ex Day Cruise to the Universe.
Welcome aboard the party saucers.
I hope you're enjoying yourselves.
Unauthorizedash Watching.
for the environmental controls.
They were set for Venusian passengers
that we had earlier,
and we haven't been able to correct this yet.
I'm sure that we'll be having this fixed shortly.
Meanwhile, I hope you'll enjoy
tonight's entertainment here
with the Evolution Control Committee.
And, of course, I can see a grand audience there
of great patriotic people
who have come out on this July 4th event
to celebrate their heritage.
And I hope you'll all join me
in singing our great nation's national anthem
as we begin this show.
Of course, as you know,
the United States government
has fallen on some difficult financial times.
They've had to start accepting sponsorship
for the national anthem.
Today's sponsor is the Oscar Mayer Wiener Company,
who I'm sure you're familiar with
their meat and meat-like products.
Great array thereof
that we can celebrate
with the most famous jingle of theirs
by singing that to the national anthem.
So if everyone would please rise
and put your hands over your hearts
and sing along with me.
Oh, I wish I were
an Oscar Mayer Wiener
That is what
I'd truly like to be
Because if
I were you








I'd be the world's
the world's
Oscar Mayer Wiener
Everyone would be
in love with me
My baloney has a first name
It's O-S-C-A-R
My baloney has a second name
It's M-A-Y-E-R
The world's best
Oh I'd love to eat it every day
And if you ask me why
I'll say
I'm Oscar Mayer as a way
With P-O-L-O-G-A
Okay.
Give yourselves a round of applause, ladies and gentlemen.
That was excellent.
How are you?



Yeah.
Thank you, Kevin.
Thank you, gera.
Listen, we're a hot rod band.
You keep saying this, but you're not driving a car right now.
Pete, please.
No, not right now, but I do have a couple of them.
Now sang a couple of the diferenteyzones promise


The poo hyena produce, famous nowadays, is skin of Peeoo Lee.
He is so fussy about not causing you trouble.

He d 🎵 toÊ
A bunch of jobs you acquired together.


Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
From Detroit, dear friends, hatched from amino acid eggs,
that was the Slot Rods, live at 50 next day.
Before that,
the first five minutes of the Evolution Control Committee,
also live at 50 next day.
Another triumphant performance under Dobbs-approved auspices.
More to come in future hours of Slot.
Thanks also to Lemur for the fine collages and PR news,
and to Tommy Amoeba and band for Amoeba Knievel at X Day,
which we now hear in the background.
But now, back to Wisteria Campground,
for Hour of Slack, before a live, if sleeping, audience.
What is that movie with Karen Black in it that's about Mormons?
Harold Harlan did the music to Pahooli.
There's like a Mormon science fiction comedy.
Dima Sumac was in it.
Tin Pan Alley Tunes Myth.
The last one I saw her in was when she had a doll, a Zuni doll or something.
The great hit, You Too Can Be a Puppet.
No? You don't remember?
It comes out flaming.
Oh, I remember that.
But she ends up like...
You Too Can Be a Puppet.
Okay, okay, okay.
We're not talking about two different movies that no one else remembers.
And what movies are those?
That's what I can't figure out.
What movies no one remembers?
Talk about them all at the same time.
There's a very bizarre Mormon science fiction comedy starring Karen Black,
in which she sings.
She sings Home Sweet Kolob.
Princess Wee probably knows the words to it.
But Karen Black is not a very good singer, really.
You said this is a Mormon science...
Butterheart's in the right place.
It's a Mormon comedy science fiction low-budget movie.
That's Mormon science fiction.
That's an oxymoron.
Well, it's a guy who lives in Salt Lake City.
Moroni.
Moroni.
Yeah, that's the book of Moroni.
Yeah, right.
Moroni.
Because he's a Mori.
He's Holy Moroni.
They call themselves morons, so they have to call themselves Mormons.
Holy Moroni.
But they take their names...


It came from the book from the angel Moroni.
Bonnie Moroni.
Yeah, what was he thinking?
What was my great-uncle Joseph thinking when he made up that idiotic name Moroni?
Yeah.
I mean, was that like his little...
I think he was laughing.
Come on, you guys.
It's a joke.
I think he was laughing his ass off.
I often...
I'm pretty sure that Alistair Crowley was.
He was laughing his ass off.
You know, the...
The Rosa Cruz...
The entire Rosicrucian movement, which more or less became what we call the New Age,
started out as a silly pamphlet.
Yeah, exactly.
A couple of silly pamphlets starring a clip art guy named Christian Rosenkranz.
They probably looked just like this.
It was like two smartasses in Texas, Europe, or France or someplace,
made these silly pamphlets that were...
takeoffs on the occult trends of their day.
I love the greasy Mimeo feel.
The intellectual types.
Not Elmer Fudd, but somebody with a name like that.
Mud.
Flood.
Yeah, Flood.
But people...
They read these pamphlets and thought,
this has the ring of truth.
Surely they have buried this secret, true occult teachings
in this guise of ridiculousness.

This is a ridiculousness comedy.
In order to hide it from those who are unworthy.
Exactly.
And the guys who wrote it were going,
no, no, we were just high.
It was just a joke.
No, seriously.
It's just a joke.
And meanwhile, yes, we hear you.
The Messiah always denies that he is the Messiah.
You know, that same routine.
Well, that's pretty much the Illuminati.
And as Adam Weishaupt, he was just making stuff up, you know.
Well, it works.
Of course.
I know people...
Sure, yeah.
...that have probably memorized the Protocols of the Elders of Zion,
which is another, you know, completely made-up joke pamphlet.
How about the Voynich Manuscript?
I've never been able to locate that shunned text.
I used to have it.
I have a copy of it.
I don't have a copy of it anymore.
I had a copy of the so-called Voynich Manuscript.
Right.
Once carved into ancient stone temples, now a PDF.
I used to have it.
And it's only 17 kilobytes.
I think I left it behind in Arizona.
It took those Egyptians 400 slaves and an entire year to move that calendar from just across the room.
And now you can email it.
It's just something just not right.
But for the next thousand years, they'll be back to using the slaves.
The Voynich Manuscript is supposed to be the basis for the legendary...
or semi-legendary Necronomicon of the mad Arab Abdul Alhazred.
And is...
There's another one.
This is the real...
I do have a PDF file of it.
Seriously.
We don't like being called mad, Dr. Howell.
It is very...
We prefer the term differently saying.
It's a very interesting...
It's at best a...
Most scholars think it's a very, very elaborate...
17th century hoax.
No!
Not another hoax!
The next thing you know, you're going to tell me the Bible's all made up by a bunch of old desert tribesmen.
It looks like if it was a hoax, then it had to be made by an insane person.
I mean, if...
The script doesn't change the...
Those Christians aren't real.
That means Jesus might not be real.
And what does this indicate about...
Oh, no.
Dare I say it?
J.R. Bob Dobbs himself.
The godly say God is everywhere all at the same time.
Well, what if you're omnipresent and don't want to be someplace?
There's no place you can go where you aren't already there.
And one thing you can't do if you're God is leave.
If I was trying to find God, the last place I'd look would be any of the churches I was raised in.
Not less I figured him for a tongue-speaking, snake-handling, frothing-at-the-mouth holy roller from the Ozarks.
One of my people.
And though...
I haven't been a regular churchgoer in some time.
And...
I will explain the holy rolling fundamental.
For those who haven't experienced it firsthand.
And for those who have, we'll just hope this little jog down the old memory trail
didn't cause you to have some sort of...
post-traumatic flashback.
For the singletons,
what passed for church was a lot of times just somebody's front room.
Or basement.
A storefront
was virtually...
purging on ostentation.
Formal worship was divided between revivals in their various forms.
And church proper.
Which convened not just on Sunday morning, but on Sunday, Wednesday, and Friday night.
The church revival had a guest preacher
in services every night for a week.
There were also traveling evangelists
that held meetings and everything from the giant tents
that A.A. Allen and Oral Robert
hauled around in fleets and semis
to ratty old theaters or halls
rented by the bottom feeders of the proselytizing trade.
And when we lived out in the country, we went to brush arbor meetings.
That's where somebody throws up a makeshift tabernacle
out of discarded road signs and scrap lumber
and commends...
to revivalize in the yokels.
Though the various holy roley congregations of my youth
often differed on particular points of doctrine,
whether to baptize in this or this name or that,
whether there was a trinity,
whether the Bible commanded them to take up serpents,
they were all of one mind and one accord when it came to speaking in tongues
as tongues,
tumbling around and falling all over the place.
And tongue speaking came in more than one form.
There was the everyday variety.
It went along with praying.
It was just kind of embarrassing to be around.
And we thank thee, Jesus, for the victory.
We hundle a shundi.
But the worst for me were the tongues and interpretations and prophecies.
Here, I'll give you four instances.
Brother Wagstaff jumps up and commences to give the congregation the Holy Ghost goddamn hell.
A good goddamn piece of the Holy Ghost mind.
The only thing was he'd be speaking gibberish.
Chocolata, mama, yoko, chocolata, dun, dun, da, ferka, da, morga, da, lay, hummus, chota, lay, shambu, bardi, baba, ash, cocky, baba, wah.
Now, it sounds silly when I tell it.
But all the grown-ups acted like it was deadly serious.
Exactly as if the Holy Ghost got him a shotgun and busted in like he was robbing a place.
And don't nobody stir until somebody interprets.
And what the interpreter says is just as baffling as the message in tongues.
Sister Fredonia,
Lo, saith the Lord thy God,
Turn not away from the way that is narrow.
You have turned your eyes blind.
You have blinded your eyes to the blood.
Lo, lo, I say,
Turn not your blind eyes away from the way that is narrow.
And the blood.
And the flesh and the eye.
And you could never tell what had been eating the Holy Ghost.
The Holy Ghost never had any good news.
The Holy Ghost never once got anybody to jump up and say,
Boy, y'all are some Christian sons of bitches.
Way to fucking go.
That never happened.
Sometimes instead of going through an interpreter,
the Holy Ghost talked to the people through prophecy.
And no matter whose mouth he hijacked,
he always spoke in something like a hillbilly's idea of the King James English.
Brother Bartholomew,
he just springs to his feet right in the middle of the sermon.
The more dramatic the interruption, the greater their profundity.
And his eyes are closed.
Their eyes are always closed.
He just goes off.
Off the top of his lungs.
I am the Lord God Jehovah.
And lo, my yoke is easy and my burden is light.
But come not to me through the works of man.
For thou hast trespassed unto Babylon.
Verily I say that the hour is short and the time is nigh.
And like always happens,
he sits back down like he hadn't even been there when he said all that stuff.
But he's not afraid of the Lord.
Sure scared the shit out of me.
It was weird.
Everybody took it seriously.
And as I say,
I'd always scared every damn bit of the shit right out of me.
I don't know if you've ever been in the middle of an old-fashioned Pentecostal church service
when the Spirit is moving.
But you need to find you one and check it out.
Admissions free.
Think of it like a field trip.
Better yet, take a hit of acid first.
Now everything I've told you about till now is all mainstream by holy roller standards.
But my people were snake handlers too.
We were in the minority.
My grandpa, John Clark Singleton, everybody called him Pap.
Preached that,
well, you could go to hell for drinking whiskey or beer.
Speaking of which, could somebody hand me a...
You could go to hell for drinking whiskey or beer right there on that post.
You could go to hell for drinking whiskey or beer,
but he himself drank strychnine and bleach.
He said he was going to hell.
He was going to hell.
He was going by the gospel according to Mark.
In my name shall they cast out devils.
They shall speak with new tongues.
And if they drink any...
They shall take up serpents.
And if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them.
They shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover.
They shall recover.
They laid hands on Pap with a cotton mouth.
Water mock us and bit him in the right eye.
Uncle John Travis stomped that snake to butter.
Neither Pap nor the snake recovered.
A cotton mouth is not a church-going snake by nature.
Rattle snakes and copperheads are about as much serpent
as your average holy roller can abide.
Plenty enough to satisfy the letter of the gospel.
Now, I don't know if you've ever watched your own grandpa
get bit in the eye by water moccasin',
die, pukin', pissin', shittin',
cryin' like a little girl,
rollin' on the floor of a flea-bit little church
way back in a holler in the middle of the night
while half of everybody you know is prayin' for him
so loud you'd think that God was deaf.
And the other half are singin' and clappin' their hands
and beatin' on tambourines.
But if you weren't scared of God before,
you would be now.
This was not somebody any little boy
wanted to be fuckin' with.
And you'd think
nothin' could be more terrifying
and damaging to a child's psyche
than a little boy's life.





Than witnessin' the sorrowful demise
of his own grandpa
to say nothin'
of bein' thrown into a small room
with venomous snakes and unhinged holy rollers.
But scary-wise,
that came in way behind
watchin' my mama and daddy
give up their very personalities
and become people I couldn't recognize.
Let alone,
count on to look after me.
The lake of fire,
the grave,
hell,
being cut off from the love of God,
the rapture,
the great tribulation,
all the stuff I was supposed to be scared of,
I was.
Add the snakes
and the faith healers
and my folks losing their minds
every time they got around God.
And there was still the realization
that everything I thought I had learned
about compassion,
patience,
kindness, humility,
they didn't apply to God.
We were supposed to be like Him.
Didn't make sense.
Wasn't supposed to make sense.
I was wrong for tryin' to make it make sense.
If you can find somethin' worse than that,
I don't wanna hear about it.
So the day after Pap got snake bit and died,
because nobody take him to the hospital,
I asked my mother why God just stood there
and let that happen
without doin' anything.
She referred me to chapter two, verse four
of Paul's first letter to the Corinthians.
But the natural man receiveth not the things
of the Spirit of God,
for they are foolishness to him.
Neither can he know them
because they are spiritually discerned.
. . .
See, people been makin' excuses for God
ever since Abraham first concocted Him
out of such other gods as were handy
in that part of the Mid-East 4,000 years ago.
Look at the number of books that purport to explain
why God allows bad things to happen.
And it's been goin' on since day one.
We can't hope to understand
except through spiritual discernment.
So God really has a plan.
We just don't get how God and His great,
great wisdom operates.
All the most horrific stuff you can imagine,
it's all part of the plan.
So relax.
God's on top of it.
That shit was thin when I was a boy.
And it is plum wore out now.
I do know the feelin'.
From 50 Next Day, that was Sam Singleton,
atheist evangelist.
We had enough preachin' last night, I think.
That's the longest sermon I've sat through in 25 years.
Oh, the anti-preaching preacher?
The atheist preacher we had.
Is he here still?
The atheist evangelist.
Is he still here?
I think I scared him away.
He's not here anymore?
I wanted to shake his hand.
His presentation went over very well, I thought.
Well, as Pisces pointed out,
it was the first time we'd ever seen subgeniuses be quiet for so long.
Except for G. Gordon Gordon.
It's genetic, I can't help it.
Yeah, he can't help it.
I'm English.
Yeah, I never heard somebody preach so hard against preachin'.
Kinda makes you wonder, doesn't it?
It was the preachiest anti-religion thing I ever heard.
I felt like I was in church and I couldn't get out.
I felt like I was in front of a crowd and bullshitted them this year.
I used to, well, there have been, in the past,
there were times when I would stand there and monologue guys for 90 minutes,
but I always had pornography or something playing behind me,
and music, so it'd be something to look at and listen to.
Not me.
They drug me into church.
The guy's sermon reminded me a little bit of my youth
when I got dragged into church, time after time,
week after week, year after year.
I did perfect the art of sleeping exactly the length of the book.

I did the sermon.
Did you paint little eyes on your eyelids?
No, but I had a certain way.
The pew was such that if I sat in the corner,
there was a certain way I could put my elbow on the top of the pew
and then lock it under my jaw in a certain way that I could just conk out,
and I wouldn't be afraid of falling over, no matter what happened,
even if I started snoring or whatever.
Not like my grandfather.
Somebody did.
Everybody was snoring in church.
Dr. Howell and other ice cream bars.
Everybody knew he was sleeping.
Primitive subterfuges of the age of faith.
I remember one time we were passing the collection plate,
and it was full of money, just full of money.
That's what we're forgetting.
And my grandfather was like where G. Gordon is,
and I'm passing the plate to him, and he's asleep, you know,
and I'm kind of doing this to him, and he,
kicks the plate up in the air,
and all the money just flies like over six or eight rows.
Dr. Flies?
You mean it didn't just go clean?
You Drummonds have been tricky for generations, I see.
And a lot of it landed in his shirt pocket, I bet.
It was hilarious.
Dr. Now that's what's missing.
It was absolutely hilarious.
Dr. Where's our collection plate?
Where's our collection paper plate?
Where's our what?
Dr. Yeah, where is it?
That was a good concept that we didn't implement fully, I don't think.
The whole plate collection.
The whole collection passing thing.
Dr. Well, we used to.
The wicker baskets, you know.
Dr. Yeah, people would put turds in it, spin it, you know, subgenius.
Little girls, we'd try to get little girls to give us a penny, you know,
old ladies to give us their, tear into their mattresses.
Dr. Well, in church, that's supposed to be for missionary work,
and in the Catholic church, there's a second plate,
which is just for the administration of the church.
Dr. Howell, your mic is off.
Dr. We send the whole shebang running.
More lizard in the monitor.
Dr. All right, now this is the part of the show where you get to indulge yourself
in some pain as I play my songs at you.
This is a song that's very appropriate for a day like today when it's a hundred and fuck degrees.
This is my climate change song, and it's all about cashing in, and man, I couldn't be prouder.
I couldn't be prouder to see you.
I couldn't be prouder to see the U.S. pushing up records in a month in and month out,
and warming the planet fucking over and over again,
because this is gonna turn out fucking great...
for me.
I got a big plan to make some money.
Just give me a chance.
At first it might seem funny.
Got me a plow of kinds of seeds.
I'm leaving now.
I got everything I need.
I bought some land for a tenth of what it's worth.
I understand it's the finest dirt on earth.
It's under ice, but the ice won't last.
Go ahead, look twice.
You see it's melting fast.
And my friends, I'm gonna farm green land, and I'm gonna get rich.
Gonna work my big plan.
One of the big brains, bitch.
I've arrived at sea levels.
But what do they do?
They just keep pumping out that CO2.
I bet you like eating, but the Midwest just gets drier.
Potatoes take a beating when Idaho's on fire.
I'll be the man when the food supply is slipping.
I'll gladly meet demand with a modest cost for shipping.
I'll grow Bing cherries, fresh berries, black, straw, and blue.
Green beans, pintos, limas, soy, and kidney too.
I'll grow cotton, fennel, corn, and corn.
Corn and lanos, garlic, sage, and parsley.
Green tomatoes, sweet potatoes, oats, peas, beans, and barley.
And maybe some bok choy.
I'm gonna farm green land, and I'm gonna get rich.
Gonna work my big plan.
One of the big brains, bitch.
I've arrived at sea levels.
But what do they do?
They just keep pumping out that CO2.
I'm gonna farm green land.
Gonna make a huge pile.
Gonna build a mansion where I live in style.
But I will need your help to make my dreams come true.
Just keep on pumping out that CO2.
I'll buy stock in a company that makes a pill for allergies.
Everyone will choke and sneeze on pollen dripping from the trees.
Lads and lasses on their knees.
All the masses beg us please.
Ozz will be their one relief once we have killed off all the bees.
Climate change is short to pay for those of us who find a way.
I'm brainstorming every day to come out on top of what may.
Yo, I just found out yesterday I got the zoning boards okay.
To build on what will be the bay of Beach Resort in Santa Fe.
Yes, the world's first oceanfront casino and hotel in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Food, fun, and then beer.
And a chance to win big on the shores of the Atlantic Ocean.
Because the ski resorts up in Alaska will close their doors and then
your granddaughter may ask your papa, what's a penguin?
But there's still lots to do each year from spring ride on through winter.
Just need a boat and scuba gear to visit Epcot Center.
Still charging $21.95 to get in though.
We all know that you like your air conditioned.
And that tank you drive won't go just by sitting there and wishing.
Blind consumption keeps it pumping.
Let's all use some more.
Convenience rules, so just be cool.
Don't listen till I'll go.
What does he know anyway, man?
I'm gonna farm Greenland and I'm gonna get rich.
Gonna work my big plan on the big rains bitch.
I'm a runaway greenhouse, ooh, but what do they do?
Ooh, they just keep pumping out that CO2.
I'm gonna farm Greenland, gonna make a huge pile.
Let the air in my tires cover a thousand miles.
Leave the fridge door open, whatever I can do.
To keep on pumping out that CO2.
Thank you.
Try that at home.
Try it.
Try St. Andrew the Impaled live at 50 next day off the sound board.
Andrew's whole act is just amazing.
And that one man band song we just heard is the title.
The tiniest hint of his intense weirdness, truthiness, and his excellent microphone.
I don't hear Dr. Hal's mic.
Dr. Hal, turn your mic off.
It's not on?
How about now?
Now, that, now I hear you.
It's got a bad connection there.
A bad connection.
Friends, how many of us have bad connections?
Check, check, check.
Slightly shaky wiring in our heads.
I'll just hold it.
I forgot what I was being asked.
For one minute you're feeling normal and fine, or...
Weird and fine, or whatever, and...
Some little wire goes loose, and...
What was it?
Normal and fine, or weird and fine?
Suddenly you're smashing in car windshields with a big log.
Normally weird and fine.
But that wire might grow back.
Human brain cells don't grow back, do they?
Contrary.
Or it might be re-rooted.
Right, they do re-root.
I know that that's...
I've had to do that dozens of times.
But they never stop making connections.
Yeah, they don't necessarily make correct connections.
That's where...
Those are the ones we call the kooks,
who are the subgeniuses we don't agree with, basically.
They see connections and correspondences
that are there for them,
but they're not really there.
It's just a human conceit.
Hence correspondence magic, you know.
If this acorn looks like somebody's head,
then maybe eating the acorn will cure my headache.
Or make your head look like an acorn.
Right.
And in some cases it works.
You know, every now and then it just happens to work fine.
But I don't swallow any of the silly superstition.
Bad luck with swallowing acorns.
I just believe in Bob's path of least resistance.
The keys of magic...
Actually, we have the...
You have to do a lot of work to make an acorn edible,
Reverend Stang.
The secret of life...
Indians used to have to, like, boil them six times.
Not being a chipmunk, that is.
Before they made bread out of them.
Giant incisors.
Yeah, that's true.
Big giant incisors.
And cheek pouches.
You're gonna have a digestion issue.
I'm going to sleep here.
Yes, a short intestine, but it does the job.
Dr. Drummond, wake me up.
Wake you up when it's time?
When do you have to go?
No, no, no, it's not...
I mean, tell me something now, so I'll stay awake.
What are you searching for?
The most boring show I've ever been on.
What happened to that old-timey band, the Psychoskeletons?
So far in the sky at night I wonder
Do my tales of loving...
...something in the sun?
She's got a simple universe called gravity
All the color of the moon
Pretends everything's right
An anemia
I can just ignore an anemia
An anemia
I can just ignore an anemia
Ah
Faster than the speed of light she's riding
Trying to remember
Where it all began
She's got a simple interface whatever
Waiting for the being to come
Time will
show me as
one
And I feel
like I just got
on and I'm down
And I feel
like I just got
on and I'm down
And I feel
like I just got
on and I'm down
And I feel
like I just got
on and I'm down
Like I just got

gives me
느�报
and I've


relaxed
And I Wasser
I Wasser
We're
Of
We're
Of





Bye.
Look, I did in fact have the secrets of life or the keys.
This is the key.
An educational aid.
Right.
I'll do them like this.
These are King Bob's keys to magic.
This is a takeoff on Maslow's hierarchy of need, I can tell.
I thought it was the food.
It's in the order of importance there.
Well, education.
Save the post-show analysis.
There's a precedence that starts at the bottom, proceeding all the way to the top.
Right.
The first rule of magic, get off your ass.
The second one, bust your ass.
Get others to bust your ass for you.
I've finally achieved that myself.
What about bust your ass?
Next, I'm going to learn how to watch my ass.
And someday, I'll learn how to wash my ass.
And then I'll have slack.
Wash your ass, though.
Meanwhile, here's the...
I'm going to read you a list of what's important in life.
And notice that Bob is only number 12.
Although he does come before taxes and after sex.
But sex comes after your back not hurting.
Now, some of you out there are just going, oh, ha ha, that's very funny.
You'll find out.
If you're lucky, if you are lucky and live long enough for your back to hurt too much
for you to have sex.
I always found it was a good excuse.
Or in case you're in a bad car wreck.
But get to the frop.
Yeah.
Get to the frop.
Yeah, the frop is more important than having your back not hurting.
But it's not as important as money.
We gave this a lot of thought.
You know what's missing from this?
Number zero, a physical corporate universe in which to exist.
Nenslow pointed that out.
And what about a zero, a minus .1 that would be an existence?
Yeah.
An actual existence.
Time.
No, a physical entity existing within a time and space.
Well, personally.
That was what zero was meant to be.
We just assumed that.
We just assumed that.
That was my mistake.
I assumed that.
Nine and seven.
You know what?
You know what?
Assume what happens when you assume things.
I'm sorry.
If there's no.
You don't have that on there.
So all the numbers will have to be pooched over and made longer.
That's true.
You'll have to renumber this thing, Reverend Stang.
It's just like a skeleton.
So many organs, key organs missing.
A project for a rainy hour.
Well, you can't go very long without air.
You can go maybe a day and a half without water.
But you don't have planet on there.
You need to have planet on there.
You have to have a planet before you can actually.
Well, that's the thing.
We assumed.
There were certain assumptions.
If we were more religious people, we'd probably appreciate stuff like that.
We'd say we have to have God first.
God's got to be up there.
We were religious people, but we'd say, I don't know.
That's why we put Bob at number 12.
Name one of these things that you can quit.
Dr. Drummond, I have lived without God most of my life and I'm still here.
You're addicted to oil.
Where's oil?
Isn't oil on there somewhere?
Aren't we addicted to oil?
That's on page 20.
Where's the car?
These are things that you can't not do.
Where's the flat screen TV?
How long can you go without peeing?
I'm going to ask you.
I tried to quit.
I can go about 80 minutes.
I tried to quit.
If it's beer, I can go about 30 seconds.
What happened to the guy on stage?
I had to go pee.
He wore out my bladder.
I know it's a bad habit.
The average bladder needs to be emptied every 80 minutes.
Maybe if they came out with patches or some kind of chewing gum that helped you to break the peeing habit.
Just a valve.
You should pee freely.
You need to be drinking.
You need to hydrate.
Hydrate for heavy peeing action.
Pee clear.
Pee clear.
Do we have to stop being funny?
You've been listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information, write to P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44117.
Or see www.subgenius.com.
Praise Bob.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show.
We're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough to help us keep on going
for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but Subgenius.com and all the other articles that we've been doing









archive sites. But if you truly love Bob and want some of that slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com front page or especially the radio page or the catalog store
pages and help out financially as best you can. Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink
of total poverty and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse. But some of
you still have jobs. Even five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month
from enough of you. Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blowjobs could go the way of Steve jobs if you don't pay dogs.
We also take checks and money orders to subgenius foundation. P.O. Box 181
4
1
7
Cleveland Heights, Ohio
4
4
1
1
8
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
