Yes.
To see your own brain, it is only necessary to follow several distinct and simple steps.
First, isolate yourself in a completely dark room.
It is difficult to shut out all light from your immediate environment.
It may even cause feelings of oppression, suffocation, and impending, imminent, painful death.
Nonetheless, one must persist in blocking out every ray of light until the room is in absolute darkness.
And in this state, with the eyes wide open, one must accustom one's optic nerves to the complete absence of light.
And now, at this precious point,
a smile.
A small light source is added.
Its tiny beams light up the hitherto darkened room.
Follow with your eyes as you move the light source back and forth,
directly in front of your field of vision.
Focus your eyes, but do not strain them.
Watch only the light.
After a short time, you should begin seeing a fibrous mass in front of your eyes.
Almost like a curtain, or a three-dimensional image of the sort we call holograms.
Now the two rounded parts of the corpus callosum become visible.
The stretched out nerves of the medulla oblongata and spinal column extend behind and fade from view out of the circle of light.
These are the olfactory nerves.
These the auditory nerves.

The optic and these the oculomotor bundles, appearing like insectile legs.
Then the trochlear nerve and the trigeminal, which a great deal of pain passes through.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you.
That was an exquisite pain.
But I have another for you even better.
Even better.
They say no pain is like that when the trigeminal nerve is appropriately stimulated.
But we have found greater pain.
Curiously enough, the brain itself has no nerves and cannot feel pain per se.
But what does that matter when it is a gathering structure for the entire nervous system of the organism?
In that sense, all pain, whatever happens to the extremities, is experienced in that little wet pulsing brain.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
I now move the...
Proof that the brain is nothing more than an alien parasite that infests the human body shortly before birth.
No, it is not the brain. Rather, it is the pipe.
Fight the pipe! Fight the pipe! Fight the pipe! Fight the pipe!
Where's all the fanfare?
Where's all the hoopla?
What's about to happen?
Well, you already know what's going to happen, scabby.
Tell him.
And you breathe, reckless and violent, on a collision course with the establishment.
Headed for hell on chopped down hogs.
Hating each other, but hating the establishment more.
Welcome to the subgenius.
Radio Ministry.
Hour of Black.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Hallelujah!
Nobody listens, nobody gets hurt.
Black angels, a pack of snarling wolves in a fury of burning rubber and blood.
Crushing head on with brutal fury, soaking the streets with blood.
Don't push me, Chainer.
Why not?
You push me, you push us.
Push everybody.
Don't play games, huh?
A wild bunch of women, untamed and shameless, turning on for kings.
Yes, my true love possesses optimum lethality.
And the only person that could come slightly close to that is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He possesses near optimum lethality.
He can kill with a look.
He can't kill with a lick.
Just a look.
Just a little shot from Bob's eyes.
Boing!
And you're gone, you know.
Joining the Church of the Subgenius is like getting a pair of free sunglasses that protects
you from those death rays of Bob Dobbs' eyeballs.
Yes, it protects you from, from, it gives you like an entire bodyguard protecting you
from the, from the, from the, from the, from the, from the, from the, from the, from the,
from the catapult of, of, of Dobbs.
You know?
Twenty dollars, you're set for life, man.
Even though life's not gonna, not gonna last too much longer, cause you know the world
is going to come to an end on July seventh, 1998.
Or, pardon me, July fifth, 1998 at seven AM.
I don't want to give you the wrong date because then you won't know whether you're gonna live
or die.
Because the exes are coming on July the 6th.

5th and you know what they're gonna do on July 5th?
See, the Hops, he sold the planet to the Exists, cause you see, he's the world's greatest salesman.
And he sold the planet to the Exists, but the Exists made a deal with Bob.
They said, okay, we'll buy this planet and we'll, you know, we'll do what we want with it and yeah, okay, we'll take care of your people.
We won't kill your people. His people being the subgenius.
Yeah, I think we each have to realize that we have a responsibility there and maybe be more bold than we've been.
Because our voices are heard if we, if there are enough of us talking.
And we just have to get together.
As a group of people who are against it because the ones that are for it sure do have a voice and are heard.
The world wears a mask to hide its startling differences.
Some natives in Africa enjoy life without clothes.
Only nudists in our part of the world enjoy life without clothes.
Once again, the only visitors WCSB can have, loud and clear.
And they're not the only ones.
I can proudly present Brain Rot Radio Theater and all its nakedness.
Hallelujah.
Watergate had so boldly and burlyly grew and assembled.
Their motive?
Who can tell what these fictional radio characters will think or do?
Even I can't tell what they're going to do.
And I'm writing this.
It was a local motive for sure.
A railway train of thoughts screeching, breaking the solitude of nighttime live radio.
Ha ha ha ha.
Join us.
As we join them.
As they join those who join them again.
And join hands that join in for a kickoff.
Stand on your hams.
If hams ain't there, stand on your land.
I don't care what you do.
And guess what?
No one else does either.
Ha ha ha ha.
The strange.
The hideous.
The amusing.
The shocking.
This tribe's ceremony of circumcision is barbaric.
And historically painful.
But terminates in the boy being cared for by a woman who teaches him the techniques of love.
So that's us.
The subgenius.
We're not going to die.
We're immortal.
Just like these guys here.
This is crash worship.
This song, if you want to call it that, was recorded live.
Obviously.
At a Samhain ceremony.
Samhain being the holiday that we just had.
Halloween.
Samhain being the holiday that Bleepo and I experienced a week late.
Yes.
Yes.
Samhain is when the veil between the living and the dead is the thinnest.
Normally it's supposed to happen on October 31st.
However, it happened on November 7th and 8th.
Yes.
Yes, the dead were raised and they came into our house.
And they touched us.
Yes.
We were dead.
We truly were dead.
The devil dog was dead.
We lost reality.
That's what happens on Samhain.
That's what happens.
Stuff like that.
You know.
Living, walking dead.
Goblins and monsters and evil powers and stuff like that.
What was Bob doing on Samhain?
Bob was probably watching TV or something and saw him.
Bob does stuff like that.
He doesn't believe in the living dead.
Because see, Bob wasn't there when we destroyed the universe.
Ivan Stang wasn't there when we destroyed the universe.
Not there physically, but he was there in our hearts.
We loved him and we missed him so.
We wish that he could have been there.
To share in this experience with us.
And I just, I would just like to conclude this little story with a thank you.
A thank you not only to JR Bob Dobbs, our savior, our high epopt of our church.
We'd also like to thank.
I'm sorry, Commander.
No member of my family.
My crew wants to be a hero.
And the normal leave is going to be fine without a promotion.
And tell that hunk of metal that MK31 is returning home.
Captain Hap.
But most of all.
Most of all.
Bleepo and I thank.
Thank you.
For bringing us to the edge of the world.
Bringing us.
Carvening.
Over the edge.
Down the cliff.
On the rocks.
Split.
Torn.
Bloodied.
Bruised.
Broken.
Atomized.
Thank you.
Wherever you are.
Thank you.
Hello.
Hello.
For without you we would not have raised the dead.
We would not have destroyed the universe and recreated it.
And it's so much better now, isn't it?
You must admit the world is a better place now than it was on Friday.
Yeah.
You have to admit that, don't you?
You're right.
I was right.
You're right.
Of course you have to admit it.
You know it's true.
Yes.
You're listening to this, aren't you?
Well.
The world definitely is a blessed place.
And this is a blessed radio show.
This is the Church of the Subgenius.
That's it, baby.
There will be a lot of husband and wife swapping.
There are a lot of great numbers of young people that are going to be living together without getting married.
And I think we see that already even in an area where we live.
We're kind of a minority being a married couple.
But again the thing he's talking about here is not just society at large but within the church.
Right.
These are sins within the church.
Here.
In this seaport dive, women can be bought for what you pay for a highball.
But that doesn't stop men from fighting over them.
And this woman believes that seaweed rubbed into her skin will make her irresistible.
Ah, yes.
Beauty.
The magnet that draws the attention of the opposite sex.
Desired by all people in all parts of the world.
They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
And all these women are making themselves more beautiful.
No matter how much it hurts or how bloody the process.
But peculiar ideas are not only women's.
This man is hunting the elixir of youth.
Eating freshly killed raw turtle, he believes, is the most potent of all aphrodisiacs.
This man believes that a mouse will cure this poor woman's nervous disorder.
I'm sorry.
But it's not easy to understand.

It's easy for you to say.
Now when you meet Bob Dobbs on the highway, will you really kill him?
Will you have it in your heart to walk up to that man, Bob?
That man who hates you so much.
That man you love.
Hate so much.
Walk up to Bob and just, and just end it all?
I didn't stop.
Would you really do it?
Yeah.
I had to stop and take him off off the side of the road and give him a ride wherever
he wanted to go.
I was compelled to do so.
I'm sorry.
I just.


I'm sorry.



All right, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.

We're killing her.
We'll kill her.
I pushed the pedal down but my engine wouldn't run.
The gas wasn't going to it.
Man, you know, you know, that's why we were born with organic baseball bats.
For us to bash Bob over the back of his head with it.
You know that that's why women are weaker than men.
Hate.
I was too weak to kill him.
I understand.
I understand what you're going through.
What is this?
A granny social?
Let's kill these wimps.
Kill the wimps.
Looks like we don't need steak.
Man, I'm going to chop these wimps into bits and pieces.
They don't stop sticking to something.
They're fingernails into my head.
Wow.
Wow.
The earth has been making time to be smoked.
We have to make the earth smoke.
We have to make the earth smoke.
Friends, the word's sticking in my throat,
but we're in danger of losing the entire ministry.
Oh, yeah.
I don't care.
As long as I get more of these.
We can't have more.

We cannot run this ministry on love alone, children.
We wish we could,
but I'm afraid you're going to have to reach down in your pocketbooks.
Maybe if we just sold everything we own,
we could stay on the air another day.
Those naked girls are doing their wicky-wacky-wacky dance.
Wow.
Hubba Bubba show or anything like that.
Wow.
Take a look at them.
You don't have to tell me that three times.
Look at them.
You know, those are.
Look at them.
Look at them.
They say every gesture, every movement has a meaning of its own,
and you can believe that.
Watch it.
Wacked out, wacky knees.
My God, now they're.
My eyes have been glued to that one in the middle.
If I could only pull them off.
It's super glue or something.
Know the thrill of racing bulls
or the super thrill of the ultra-dangerous sidecar racing.
Perhaps the most macabre of all are these young lovers.
They find crowds and danger enhances their lovemaking.
I think they allいる!
Or asset level plus!
Come, me, you!


POWERFUL WHOO pores taste the sp 들어�gn Milli
Now they want more tea now they want the gold



With something trendy









Nicole
Be fine
Come on大
Oh, good, go
BO Так
Second high power
Did you get...
Get that locked, unlocked, unlocked.
The energy cleaner?
No, damn it all.
Where's my damn at all?
This lock just keeps thinking complicated.
Can't seem to do any good.
You got a bobby pin?
Tail pin?
Credit card?
Pneumatic drill?
Miniature nuclear device?
Oh, yeah, sure.
Always carry a mini-bag from...
Here is Shima Schwartz with me.
Hey!
Oh, here I am.
Have you guys just tried opening the door?
Opening the door?
Look, it says right here on the side
that this door is supposed to be locked
during station hours at all times,
and they know if they leave it unlocked,
someone like us could break in.
I'll be dipped in horse chip chocolate.
You was right, Scabby.
The door is open.
Yee-hoo!
All hail Zoom!
Try to keep noise level down to roar, cow pie.
We don't want no one to see us or hear us, remember?
We on radio.
We on mission.
On the mission from the lard.
Himself, itself.
The Gouda Buddha.
The big cheese.
The supreme being souffle.
Don't be silly, my fine-braided expatriate friend,
about talking too loud!
It's Wayne's Dead Show, man.
You know, Steve comes in,
puts on a hip commercial underground chat,
and he's got a bunch of canned stuff
he gets from an outlet in Boy's Grillsy,
Boy's Grillsy, Idaho,
and conks out in the Inception Room
after putting 12 hours in at the KKK Mart's giant linen sale.
Wayne's Dead ain't no bother.
Listen, I can hear him snoring.
.

.
.
.
.
.
. In answer to your first question,
. In answer to your first question,

can good Bob quit YOU a job?
.
.



.
.
.
.
.
.
.

I'll be gobs of gully-goshes.
You'd better puke your pee on full-throttle pumpkin cake.
Elsewise, your wants will be a wagon down on Mammy's Hind Manning.
Cause there's a case of slaves and slack robbers out to chop your slobber.
Pigs and dicks licking the cheeky-cheeky off your tongue.
Just when you're ripe and you throw them to load, slap back them and bomb at them.
They don't want your bones and be.
And if you got the cleft in step, Mommyo, they'll hate your work.
Hate's way worse.
So why can't you please her, pop a squeeze her when the gushers are going all normal and anti-right-line?
Crushing the jacuzzi sets in your sneezing chamber?
Tasting an empty platter in your beanbag, boy?
Where's your rollerballs at?
I can't drop me no glove roll on you.
You too.
You too, logo man.
They cut your check purse and water your creamery coming and going.
And the slums of Lovett won't be your abyss.
Cause the slacky-tats of the Greenwich Center be there in claw to flee.
They are dogs, isn't it?
But you are letting them bang down the barn doors.
And your cows are getting in and out.
You be gonna moon the man or follow him?
Moon to the slack.
Or a mouse like silly baby butterbug.
Or not.
You're gonna have to spreech English, Jake.
Get right with your muscle snake, snub monkey.
Quick spreech in your blizzera.
Lessen it snowing like lube juice.
Elsewise, you're clean bleeders blowing hot water.
You'll co-blind or please your neether trying not to.
Either way, you're getting up on the wrong side orbit for this kind of freed, peed-needed side trip.
Well, won't you don't you stand there like a Danny Nichols slug?
Or you gonna bust your flipperer in a righteous agony?
Boy, you got weeny ribbers in your fluter tubes.
Joint gumption with the true and the seed brave.
And peace for Bob, man.
It's sin you're jeans.
Buy out the gland owners with what you earn.
With your skinny, peeling face of pain.
Leave the man alone.
He's a piece of the fine ass.
Have a fuzzy, big bock.
And strike your heart-beth soft blow.
For the raccoys of the rocket racket.
This face-out belongs to your worship.
And the crotch of your choice toys.
Then I bet Bon and the flush lugger appears to let him sack.
You know who's a-comin'?
Them gins ain't mean to harm our nobody, no sir, ma'am.
You just workin' ugly good.
And they'll be gone by now, baby.
This has been your re-enunciator.
Thank me.
Thank you.
Uh, me.
Or something like that.
Uh, yes, dear friends.
That was, uh, that just there, right Dan, was indeed huge voodoo.
With yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang off of 10 Inches of Slack album.
And you are listening to the subgenius radio ministry hour of Slack.
In this case tonight, a show thrown together at the last minute.
But that's good, that's good.
That forces us to scavenge and parasitize the other shows.
So what you've been hearing, such as KPFA, uh, the subgenius show there with, uh, Dr. Howe puzzling evidence.
And Chainer hyperclinic.
And the other show, the show that completes in this particular case.
We also get lots and lots of clips from Brain Rot Radio Theater, WCSB in Cleveland.
Praise WCSB.
Uh, that amazing, senseless waste of airtime that I love so much.
Uh, starring Scabby, Lonesome, and Psycho.
Toes, Wacky, Sal Wayne, Sam Haines, Lame Brain.
They get you talkin' all wink-lack.
I mean, torts.
Uh, also, a young sister, Goby, on her subgenius show from far, far up in Rochester, New York.
And all of that intercut in tonight's case,
With bits and pieces of media barrage, so-called tapes,
Put together by our friend, Nancy Regalia.
And uh, uh, you know that, that,
That huge voodoo piece that has my vocals on it, that has the secret in it.
The big secret is right there.
It's right in front of your ears if you can just decode it.
And I hope you can.
Because, friends, you know, as Sister Mary Squared, au contraire, says,
As the choke is to the chicken, so is the Venus to the flytrap.
And conjoined, they bring stressiveness.
And, friends, we've got a fellow minister out there who's been undergoing just that very stressiveness.
And I think if you all would join me in a quick prayer to send some slack to our good brother, Reverend V. Lee Lama,
all you Discordians and Eurasian Liberation Front people out there.
You know, whatever you do, throw down your picture of Bob and water it.
Or however you, you know, give unto the gods in return for, well, a bribe, basically.
It's a bribe is what we're doing.
A bribe to gods for the Reverend D. Lee Lama.
So that all the church may, yes, be benefited forever.
This is Doctors for Bob in the background.
And this coming up is a band you may have heard called The Pixies.
I'm gonna get my head around you
I come around catching thoughts of you
I get an electric touch from you
I take a hand and live it just for you
And the way I feel tonight
Like a dying wood in mine
And there's something going on inside
It makes you wanna feel
It makes you wanna feel
It makes you wanna try
It makes you wanna blow
The thoughts in the sky
And I can't stand up
I can't cool down
I can't get my head off the ground
I get my head around you
I come around catching sparks off you
And all I ever got from you
Was all I ever took from you
You won't take me home




And all I ever worth


But let it run
Nasty as ink
It's just real
If you don't curve
We ces to confiscate
It won't send us a signal















and my death
It's all part of me
Just some wind
All my troubles can't be found
That's it, yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm taking my steps to a better part of town
Where all my troubles can't be found
I'm gonna make you walk through the walls
I'm gonna make you walk through the stars
All night sky
There's something that keeps me up at night
Happy birthday
Mr. President
Marilyn Monroe's belly button is a sort of compromise.
Zoo Castle Films presents our insect world series 9 volume 27, The Fly.
Welcome boys, girls, men, women and teachers to the world of one of nature's most underrated wonders, the common fly.
Yes, the fly.
Both a bold and a shy creature.
He enjoys frolicking on the family's picnic in the park on Sundays.
Yet, he prefers to spend his frappage alone under a large leaf in his own pipe like in Trekking Tour, the proboscis.
The many faceted eyesight of the fly is so keen, he can detect movements before they even happen, making him a hit at parties and a big winner at the races.
But what about nectar?
Well, when the fly finds its time to mate or rut, he puts out his fillers, turns up his olfactory, and goes to the park.
He then goes to the factory and other sensory nerve inputs and scans the horizon for the picant, marshmallow smell of a female fly in heat.
Ah, lucky fellow, he's found one.
Yes, her mysterious dance seems to lift up his day and light up his night.
But it's all right.
As she comes to accept him, it's no secret that the fly's orgasmic pleasure is matched only by his built-in proportionate inability to remain in a fixed location for any length of time.
For no sooner has the mating couple filled each other's Gobi nodules with albumin and spoo,
than the fly, ever-touring, ever-seeking nectar, will be able to find its way to the fly.
The fly flies off to another destination, smiling all the while as the facets in his mirror-like covering reflect grace, land, and mansions of endless stars,
thus filling in the blank spaces of nature's lost address book.
Is it all in the name of love?
Or is this conscious pest but a note in the marvelous symphony of nature's universe?
Perhaps we'll never know.
But the next time you see a common fly, remember, there's more to this pesky fellow's life than rancid oatmeal and his attraction to that light bulb over your bed.
Yes, one of nature's most misunderstood anomalies, Mr. Fly, will open the door.
And you'll always be a part of Our Insect World.
Two-headed Elvis baby found in Martian spaceship!
Creature from future lands in Times Square with answer to world pollution.
Family dog performs emergency surgery on injured boy.
Looking for hidden messages?
Do you want the truth?
You don't know what you...
Well, if you do...
Just keep listening to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
And you could also...
You could, yes, write for free information if you're one of those who hasn't actually done that yet.
Just drop that self-addressed stamped envelope in the mail to Bob...
At...
Yes, post office box one four zero three zero six.
Dallas, Texas.
Seven five two one four.
And we'll be giving that number again and again and again.
In fact, I'll give it now.
It's post office box one four zero three zero six.
Dallas, Texas.
Seven five two one four.
We pause now to flip the tape.
Thanks there to Bleepo Abernathy for...
The Fly.
I've troubled some of you tonight.
You're troubled deep inside.
You ache.
You hurt.
Because you're just not sure.
I had a precious...
I had a precious Christian come to me the other day.
He said, Reverend Ivan Stang, millions upon millions of Christians in this country don't really believe that there is a bomb.
They're agnostic.
They don't know.
They don't know.
But they know.
They don't know if there's God or before life.
They don't know if there's slack.
But in case there might be a bomb, they pay lip service to their failure.
You subgeniuses, wait your turn.
I ain't gotten to you yet.
You cannot absolve yourself of blame.
You cannot say, oh, I did it.
Because the company made me do it.
You must answer.
You must answer, sir, for your soul yourself.
So how do you know?
How do you know?
It's so important what you see.
Bob said, you must learn to see.
The stupid things are important.
Because there is a snake pit of false slack.
There are wolves in sheep's clothing ready to take your money.
there is false lack of condos, stereos, trans-fans, and yes, false sex. False sex, my friends.
So how do you know? How do you know? How do you know? Because it's so important because if you
miss it, if you miss it, if you miss it, you miss Bob. By their fruits shall you know them. God
Ecclesians 6.14. The same ones in the subgenius church teaching Sunday school classes, preaching
slack, or on that nine-to-five conspiracy double-breasted death culture breadline executive
suite, kissing asses and praying to the almighty dollar and spreading pinkness. And if that's all
there is to it, if that's all there is to it, then why bother?
Why bother? Oh, go on. Walk out that door. Walk out that door and have enough. If your so-called
subgenius religion does not change your life, does not clean you up, does not give you slack,
then it is not worth the words that spell that word called Bob. And if that's so, if that's so,
then the apostle Paul was a liar. Krishna was a liar. Buddha was a liar. Richard Nixon was a liar.
Charlie Manson was a liar. And God forbid, even James.
They are Bob Dobbs is a liar. But this book, this book says, let Bob be true and every man be
pea-shy. This book makes drunkards sober and prostitutes pure and harlots holy and rich men
poor. It'll still change men and women over men and women. And it is the only power on planet
earth that can set a house by free and break the chains of violence.
Millions, millions upon millions claim to love Bob. They are religiously active, but they do not.
They do not have slack.
Look at your job, your lifestyle, your religion, your country. If they ain't giving you slack,
that's bad fruit, mister. What are you trying to tell me, Ivan Stank? I'm telling you to get out
of it. I don't care if it pays you $50,000.
$50,000 a year gets you blowjobs and cocaine. I'm telling you to get out of it. Go for the door.
Get out of the thing. Repent. Quit your job. Slack off. Find a church that preaches the gospel
of our God and the gospel of his life. Find that church. Get in that church. Serve Bob and fornicate
like your very life depended on it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.







I'm going to close this meeting with a prayer. Bob! Bob, I'm talking. Bob, I want you to come down.
Move the pain and misery. Cast out tumors, tuberculosis, cancers, arthritis. Now, today,
in the name of Lotan, in the name of Slack. Praise Bob. Good night. Good night.
Oh, yes, friends.
Friends, that was a live revival recording tape from an old, old subgenius revival back in the old days.
And those of you who are fellow Jimmy Swaggart aficionados, such as I myself most obviously am,
why, you'd have to just sit back and go, yeah, I remember when Swaggart was doing that rant.
And, you know, it's sad about our brother Robert Tilton.
Yeah.
You know, that guy started out as a nearly saved subgenius. He had everything except Bob.
He didn't have quite enough slack. He didn't have nearly enough money. Yeah, apparently he blew off
everything but the money. Although, who knows, you know, Tilton may have more slack than we'd
give him credit for, perhaps. So he certainly has a lot more than all those poor idiots that
sent him that money. And, you know, I'm glad he got that money while he was still able to get it.
Because, you know, as sleazy as that guy is, he's spending it a lot more wisely than did those who sent theirs to him.
And I honestly don't know what comes next on this show. I do have a letter here. This has been in the show box for a long time.
It's a letter from our listeners, Sally and Tom, out there, I believe in Fort Worth.
And this...
This letter, it has a little picture of Bob on the top of the letter. He's reading a newspaper and he's thinking the thought,
I want to eat your brains. They smell so rich and spicy. And the letter says,
Dear our...
Jakes.
The word Jakes is Elizabethan slang for privy.
In 1596, Sir John Harrington wrote Metamorphosis of Ajax,
a cloacal,
a cloacian,
a Cleocenian satire.
In it he gives plans for a flushable valve water closet.
And he writes verse.
Though he's responding to some weird traditional European religion.
He's so excremeditory.
And here is that verse, friends.
I don't know if that's the right music for this.
What shall we put? Oh, this will be good.
This will just be perfect.
It's just so in keeping. I'm sure of it.
A godly father sitting on a draught,
to do as need and nature has toft,
mumbled, as was his manner, certain prayers.
And unto him the devil straight repairs.
And boldly to revile him he begins,
alleging that such prayers were deadly sins
and that he showed he was devoid of grace
to serve God.
And he speaks to God from so unmeet a place.
The reverent man, though at first dismayed,
yet strong in faith, to Satan thus hath said,
Thou damned spirit, wicked, false, and lying,
despairing thine own good and ours envying,
each take his due, and me thou canst not hurt.
To God my prayer I meant.
To thee.
The dirt.
Pure prayer ascends to him that high doth sit.
Down falls the filth, for fiends of hell more fit.
And here's one of his short zippy ones.
To keep your houses sweet, cleanse privy vaults.
To keep your souls as sweet, mend privy faults.
And friends, Harrington built working toilets from his plans.
There's lots of great info.
And Lawrence writes,
Clean and decent.
A history of bathrooms.
But the Harrington quotes are the only religious stuff.
Well, thank you, Sally and Tom.
Actually, I have a book here, friends,
that I've been meaning to read to y'all from
called Sex in History.
And I could actually fill the next 20 hours of slack
with quite entertaining and interesting material
from this book by Ray Tavis.
This is Ray Tannehill.
This is a very, it's a great book.
Great in size, as they say.
And I will, since I don't know what is on the next tape,
I'm gonna go ahead and read this little bit from the beginning,
where the great Ray Tannehill is talking about reproduction theories.
It is not, it is not altogether easy to accept that homo sapiens,
after more than a hundred thousand years
of fully fledged existence,
may still have been unaware of the biological facts of life
when the Neolithic revolution began.
Even in the 20th century, however,
there have been tribal peoples whose ignorance remains profound.
The Bellonese of the Solomon Islands,
until they were enlightened by Christian missionaries
at the end of the 1930s,
thought that children were sent by their social fathers,
ancestral deities,
and that the only reason
for the function of sexual intercourse
was to provide pleasure.
Oh, imagine that.
In the 1960s, the Tully River Blacks of North Queensland
believed that a woman became pregnant
because she had been sitting over a fire
on which she had roasted a fish given to her
by the prospective father.
Another Australian tribe believed that women conceived
by eating human flesh.
The Trobriand Islanders,
though perfectly realistic about the function of colitis
between animals,
apparently drew no human parallels from it.
In Pawpaw, New Guinea,
the Hua tribe still think a man can become pregnant
by eating possum and may die in childbirth.
And a woman of one Australian Aboriginal tribe,
when the Western facts of life and fatherhood
were explained to her,
flatly denied it.
Him? Nothing!
She said,
scornfully,
even people who know of the biological role of the father
are sometimes shaky on detail.
In 20th century India,
one distinguished headman of the Sema tribe
told a European visitor that it was,
quote,
ridiculous to suppose that pregnancy would result
from colitis on one occasion only.
And friends,
Darwin himself might have said the same
because he never knew that fertilization
was accomplished by a single sperm.
But they didn't catch on to that until about 70 or 80 years ago.
And oh, yes, dear friends,
we'll hear more from this, uh,
Tannahill's Sex in History Book in future shows.
It is absolutely, uh, uh, you know,
why don't they teach this stuff in school
along with auto repair, that's what I want to know.
They think I'm crazy, but I know better.
It is not I who am crazy.
It is I who am mad.
Didn't you see the crowds?
You can't take it from me now.
I've had this ice cream bar since I was a child.
People always try to take it from me.
Why won't they leave me?
I've had this ice cream bar since I was a child.
I've had this ice cream bar since I was a child.
And so has Chuck.
Why this? What happened?
It was only a few short weeks ago, really.
Bob and Chuck were friends. Good friends.
They enjoyed a lot of good times together.
Nothing really unusual about Bob and Chuck.
Just a couple of guys in the midst of the normal process of becoming adults.
Certainly nothing to foreshadow the tragic event in which they were to find themselves,
unless it was another group of young people from school.
Frank and his group.
They, too, had an interest.
Lysergic acid diethylamide.
LSD. Acid. 25.
Take your pick.
It's equally dangerous under any name.
Silver spaceships think I'm unidentified.
Condonuts turning inside out with fractal size.
Also in between those spaces inside outside.
Strawberry wings of water flavor to the sky.
It's almost like you said to me before tonight.
Yay!
No, sir.
I'm not a mermaid without the pyramid in my eye.
Because no romance can become before you say.
If voodoo children are excused to kiss the sky.
Sky! Sky!
Are dolphins using alchemy to steal my mind?
Mind! Mind!
Sensations oscillating through DNA slime.
Are techie and crazy to mirror satellites?
Why was that dream I thought you saw inside my sky?
Sky! Sky! Sky! Sky!
And the Cleopatra from the moon.
I'm a Ouija board for it.
The government decipher like cockroaches.
Yee!
The reese that transits in full in the microwave.
Is why you cannot see a single word I say.
Hey! Hey!
Silver spaceships think I'm unidentified.
Eh, eh!
Condonuts turning inside out with fractal size.
Geh, geh, geh!
And also in between those spaces inside out.
Go, go, go, go, go!
Oh, here we go!
Go, go, go, go, go!
Go, go, go, go, go!
So
Like most acid facing
Session
They call him Pisaccio because him is psycho.
Pisaccio, Pisaccio, pronounce it like Bungos, Pistachio.
Pistachio.
Him not Pistachio, that is the nut.
Maybe Pistachio is.
Pistachio.
The nut is Pistachio, the hymn is Pistachio.
A hymn not to sing like a hare, but a hymn thus.
Pistachio, Pistachio, hymn red colored statue.
Such nut knock knock way, who is it to him is not sing touch for her.
Such a touch he'll be psycho.
Pistachio.
Oh so muchio muchachia for himio.
Pistachio no macho much, cha cha no mucho.
Pistachio, not cha cha cha cha, is the her with the hair of hey hey.
In the hair, not the her, is the heart of Pistachio.
The hymn not the nut.
Not to sing, not the hair, who have heart of hair, not heart of hair.
The hymn not to sing, not sing, stanching, stanching, stanching.
Pistachio.
He psycho Pistachio.
Ho ho ho ho ho.
Ho.
Ho.

Ho ho ho ho.
Ho ho ho ho.
And that's Henry Rollins with Huge Voodoo.
And this hideous chanting that will continue.
This song called Kermit the Frog on the Pyramids of Mars.
By, yes, Nicholas Gardner.
His very wings have lost their flavor to the sky.
It goes on like this, though.
It's all over what you said to me after tonight.
Ah, ah, three rounds without the pyramid in my eye, eye.
Ah, ah, enough.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, because no one is standing with me for suicide.
I'm talking to you, and I'm excused to keep the sky.
I've been using that to steal my mind.
I have to get my fucking shoes on, son.
I, I, I.
Like most acid heads, Frank had a come unconsciously.
He felt less guilty about his weakness if he could get others to do as he did.
There's a much better way to fly than with toy planes.
He tried to be persuasive.
But there was something weird about the way he acted.
It was an old approach.
Taunts, dares, ridicule.
If you don't turn on, you don't belong.
You gotta turn on, tune in, and drop out.
Experience the mind-expanding powers of acid.
It's psychedelic, baby.
That's what it's all about.
Bob was not impressed.
He didn't know much about LSD, but what he had heard he didn't like.
Acid seemed like a whole lot more trouble than it was worth.
Sure, taunted Frank, exactly what the establishment wants you to believe.
And you just beat it up.
Bob wasn't convinced.
But Chuck was not quite so unaffected.
Although he tried to appear nonchalant, the adventure in it appealed to him.
What if it really does give you a greater insight to yourself?
At least we can try the stuff, Chuck argues.
What harm can that do?
Bob was adamant.
It would just be a matter of time before he could get to the bottom of it.

It was really a stupid thing to do.
And for the first time, the boys had a real disagreement and went their separate ways.
Sir?
Yeah, come on, Bob.
What's the matter, Bob, you chicken?
Huh?
Hey, look, Bob, all you gotta do is send your money.
Or at least a self-addressed stamped envelope.
Bob, come on, Bob.
What's wrong, Bob?
And that number to write to send Bob your advice is...
Post Office Box 140306 in lovely Dallas, Texas 75214.
I know you can't get enough of that series of numbers.
It just grows on you, doesn't it?
It hurts, but yet you just can't shake it.
That's Bob.
At Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
And you know we give that number out for a reason.
And people send that self-addressed stamped envelope for...
Well, something perhaps reasonless.
But even there, even there, friends, you got some kind of a...
A madness behind the reason.
And you can believe that.
Watching these whacked out, wacky knees and...
My God, now they're...
My eyes have been glued to that one in the middle.
If I could only pull them off...
It's super glue or something.
Mama, by me death.
Not you, bozo.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I was talking to the lady there.
You're telling me my eyes have been nailed to that one on the end for the past 30 minutes.
Oh, your eyes are as big as your stomach's a heap.
You'll need a 30-pound claw hammer to get those incredibly painted out of there.
Unrestorated population hates your eyes.
In our country, these consider...
I'm no doctor, but I think you're gonna need a chainsaw to get your eyes back.
Hey, you don't need a chainsaw to tell which way the wind blows.
Hey, listen, I'm not in medicine.
Maybe I should be a staple instead.
You're gonna need something to...
You're telling me my eyes have been stapled to that one on the far right for the past five light years.
Hey, I'm no MD, but you're gonna need a staple puller to leave this dance floor.
Yeah, you'll need to have that staple taken out of your navel.
What do you think you are?
Oh, you're a D. You're a DA.
Playboy, play me.
My lips use this argon.
These days, everyone hears voices.
Oh, God, he's lost it.
Most of the punk rock's made on independent labels, right?
Okay, now, if you take the album out and you look past the last song on a given side,
in between the last song and the actual paper label on independent record companies,
you've got to engineer a little stencil, a little message,
from anything from Happy New Year to your brain is wasted.
For some people, these voices don't even come from the outside.
They come directly out of their knees or the metal plates in their heads.
Five o'clock Sunday afternoon, and I'm stuck in a traffic jam that stretches 150 miles.
Now, let's get in one more call.
We talk, we read, we listen to Mozart sometimes.
Right now, I am coming in through your ears, which filter what I am saying up into your brain.
I heard you.
I have been like this my whole life.
I've heard you.
I've been like this my whole life.
I'm not going to talk to you now, I'm a whole flat.
I admit that the men averse to funk and quarrelsome and foolish in the funk.
Quarrelsome and foolish in the funk.
No harm to your life.
No harm to your life.
You know what I hate?
What?
I hate it when I'm playing with my fishing kit and I get the fishhooks caught in my urethra.
That's it then.
Try a mascara brush.

So I take a pipe and I shove it in there to make it bleed more.
Then I twist it and I squirm it.
Then I take the pipe and put it in my mouth and suck out the frog.
They keep crawling.
Slimy worms.
And they crawl into my brain and I see a pipe in front of my face again.
And I eat it.
And then I turn into a worm.
And then somebody shoves a fish hook in my urethra.
I hate that too, man.
Well, see? Something happens.
All you gotta do is bring Bob and just drag Bob into it.
The problem is June is in third conjunction with the fourth dysfunction of Mercury's opposite on the other side of the moon.
The third one.
And we can't see.
He's not supposed to know that.
Oh, in effect, it's through the slack field Bob's pipe conjunctively blows outward and starts sucking in.
You're all in Bob's pipe.
Every damn one of you is sitting in Bob's pipe right this minute.
Can't see the edges of the bowl right now.
Can you?
If you could just see.
If you could see.
You'd see the edges of the bowl of Bob's pipe surrounding you.
You'd see the flames coming down licking at your brain so he can inhale your brain.
And you'd see that you were floating in an ocean of ice cold pills.
Oh, too blind.
So many are so blind.
Well, it seems that's how best Cecilia has her own schismatic clench.
Bowing down before her.
The iron clench they call it.
That's right, kids.
Reminding you that the father of the gods is fair and we shall all vanish without a trace.
I am.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Woo!












Woo!
Woo!

You sleep the wet of the woody east is a valley full of pure pioneers.
But it's not just kids to say the least.
We've got ideas to us that's here like capitalists, like communists, like lots of things you've
heard about.
And redneckers, they carry the gizmo, but they don't, they don't.




Oh, don't be shy.
Oh, kiss me.
Oh, kiss the world.
Oh, kiss the sky.
Oh, kiss my ass.
Oh, let it ride.
Oh, the April birds.
And maybe you.
Oh, baby.
It's educational.
It's educational.
It's educational.
It's educational.
It's educational.

It's educational.
It's educational.
It's educational.
University of Massachusetts.
Here's the last part.
It's educational.
It's educational.
It's educational.
It's educational.
It's educational.
So,
so it's educational.
guitar solo
supervisory
