What are you going to do? What is it you want of me?
I am going to remove your soul, your mind if you prefer, from your body for a time.
You mean my brain? You're going to take my brain away from me?
The Self-Genius Power of Smartness.
Oh no, why don't you kill me?
Friends, this episode, recorded live at 24X Day at Land of Id in Land O'Lakes, Florida,
with special guests Dr. Howell and Father Joe Mama,
may be a bit of a challenge for the listener because the recording quality was affected by seriously loud torrential rains.
And although we were under a roof,
we were still outside in it without walls.
So this recording took some serious filtering with the levelator to be comprehensible.
And Dr. Howell especially was horribly over-modulated.
But I think it's worth it.
I just heard it for the first time because I couldn't actually hear Howell and Papa Joe then a lot of the time.
My hearing aids were shorted out by the humidity.
And the background rain noise sounded like a freight train.
And I'm...
...deaf.
And, uh...
Well...
There's a joke by me that I had to censor even from the X-rated internet version of the show because it's too funny and it might hurt somebody.
Oh, yes, dear friends. Welcome to the Hour of Slack.
And let's keep it to one hour because I'm tired already of bulls**t.
Oh, yes, dear friends. Welcome to the Hour of Slack. And let's keep it to one hour because I'm tired already of bulls**t.
Thank you for watching. And I'll see you next time. Bye.


B meeting for the rain, oh Wotan.
Well, an hour will bring us to quarter to three, the local time here in the great state of Florida.
No one...
I just noticed something about my recording.
It's...
It's Florida the sunshine state.
California is the golden state.
The moonshine state.
Indiana's the hoosier state.
Illinois is the sucker state.
Um...
New Jersey's the garden state.
And if you travel in northern New Jersey, you'll see that's a good name.
But actually, I'm asking, because I'm not sure, isn't Florida the sunshine state?
We're the moonshine state.
No, it's the reclaimed water state.
Well, many things to many folks.
But I was wondering about the official moniker.
Like there's a state bird, a state bug, a state plant.
The mockingbird is our bird.
It's certainly here.
It was the best replacement we can come up with the official bird, which was the mosquito.
Right.
Well, I read about the unusual life forms here.
Not only the West Nile virus mosquito, but the anopheles, the terrible kissing bug or cone-nosed bug that spreads Chagas disease.
Don't forget Zika.
We love that.
Yes.
The tick.
The Chagas, of course.
The subcutaneous burrowers who leave their excrement in dead bodies in your wounds.
They only do that when they're babies, Hal.
When they're mature, they become vegans.
They bore their way out through your body when they are adults.
But, you know, I'm not afraid of them out here.
I think the weather is too extreme for them to do their thing.
I'm wondering if the radio audience can hear the rain.
It comes and goes.
It's torrential right now.
It sounds like a train going by.
Yes, like a tropical downpour of sudden violence and fury.
It's going to be the same way on next day, except it'll be blood instead of water.
It's like Hawaii.
They have the very intense rain and then a rainbow and then sun.
If you don't like the weather, wait a minute.
I know.
And volcanoes.
Well, yes, there is that.
Earthquakes.
They are the volcanic top of a seamount, as is Balls Pyramid Island.
I'm sure you don't want me...
We covered Balls Pyramid Island.
Yeah, I know.
I'm not going to bring the island up this time, but...
Well, we don't have volcanoes in Florida, but we do have sinkholes, and they achieve the same purpose.
We give sacrifices to the sinkholes.
They engulf cars, houses, animals.
And men.
We've done away with the ceremony.
They just usually drive right into the sinkholes involuntarily.
The rain is raining all around.
It falls on field and tree.
Yeah, it wouldn't be so bad if only we had a roof over our heads, but it's shortened out my hearing aids again.
It's true.
Like Mr. Giuliani's hair dye, the moisture ran into Pastor Stang's hearing assist device
and caused a violent short circuit.
Yeah, it shocked the hell out of me.
I saw Bob last night when that happened.
It was like being struck by lightning.
Only...
But not the rest of the people.
Not as much fun.
I didn't come.
Let's put it that way.
Well, the radio listeners should be thankful, because they can't actually see that we're actually up here,
getting rained on, soaked, completely naked.
I think they'd enjoy that.
And I'd enjoy that.
All naturism and health, as explicated by Doris Wishman in her many films,
have you seen him staying?
No, well, I'm not sure what you just said.
Doris Wishman.
I referred to the oeuvre of Doris Wishman, the mediocre filmmaker who was lauded by connoisseurs of, quote,
incredibly strange films, unquote.
One of them, for example, I think was filmed right around here, maybe even here,
and it was called Mood on the Moon.
Has anyone ever seen this film?
I started to watch it.
And turned it off.
Well, it's very boring, of course.
Somebody showed me the moon yesterday.
So what happens is these two astronauts who get in some kind of a rocket,
and they talk to each other over their microphones, although they're sitting right next to each other,
land on the moon, they walk around, they come to a wall, they look over it,
and they're all these babes with antennas, bobbing antennas and panties, lounging around.
Did you say bob?
We're passing out bottles of water.
Oh, how nice.
To the dehydrated preachers up here.
Oh, you can't imagine the sensual pleasure of that.
Has anyone mentioned the Dobstown Weekly Whiff Reader publication up here during the Hour of Slack?
Yeah, I noticed a fine job had been done on it in all the good traditions of subgenius journalism.
Yeah, it's here's some headlines on the front cover of the Dobstown Weekly Whiff Reader.
Captured normals escape via underground tunnels.
Exclusive conspiracy sex slave sting in Florida.
X-Day has arrived.
Elite crew of determined yeti gather at new ritual site.
Well, it's pretty elite because there's only about 12 of them here so far.
These are the ones attending us at the present time,
but we cannot see the legions of future listeners.
These documentations.
Well, and the sheets of rain make it hard to see the audience.
Well, we really have to get that war on God thing squared away
because every time you talk, the rain intensifies.
It's a conspiracy.
Oh, so it's my fault, huh?
Well, I'm not blaming you.
You sound just like Princess Wee.
It's just the tech tactics of the other side.
I think the exes are just punishing Sting for bragging for the fact that he can read.
I can't wait to hear what you're saying in the recording.
I'm going to have to get a little bit of a good reading later on, Papa Joe Mama.
Play it back.
Yeah, friends, we have the illustrious Father Joe Mama here.
You'll have to take our word for it.
Yeah.
His voice is the exact timbre of the rainfall that's falling.
You needed special equipment to tease it out.
Well, I often have people say that my timbre is very similar to yours, Dr. Howell.
Well, it may be, but it's a question of who the rain will allow to pass.
It's a question of who the rain will allow to pass through its curtain.
Well, the tone may be similar, but the vocabulary is certainly not as expansive.
Here's my favorite inside joke on the cover of the Dobstown Weekly Whiff Reader.
Beargate survivors speak out against new Fid Chooley joke.
Not everyone knows about Beargate.
No, but since that caused tremendous damage to the church, I don't know why we need to
rehash it again.
It didn't.
It didn't cause damage.
It didn't cause tremendous damage at all.
Well, I promise not to say my joke about it.
What the hell?
I'm kidding you.
You should say the most incendiary, uncorrect joke that you can manage.
After all, you earned the right to say it.
Well, after the abuse of the bear allegory that apparently triggered a person.
Let's get this in the absolute variety.
Let's put it this way.
The church has improved.
Improved a great deal.
It started with Lagoon telling bear jokes.
Isn't that correct?
Well, it was an allegory.
It wasn't a joke.
It was an allegory about the fear of camping on the part of nerdly city boys.
Who should instead be encouraged for camping.
Did you just say Lagoon?
It was not a PC joke in a way.
Did you say Lagoon?
I brought Lagoon with us.
All right.
Oh, my God.
The hammer of Lagoon.
Yes, I did.
Interesting that the table supports its weight.
I wouldn't do that for Thor's hammer.
I can't believe you're even able to lift it.
Well, it's only temporarily given the power to do so until it gets on inside the saucer.
And then I lose that power.
Well, of course.
You're not going to want a hammer inside the saucer with those delicate instruments.
It's kind of a slightly smaller version of Thor's hammer.
Yes, this is from Lagoon.
And it had to be hand-delivered to me.


By the only other person who could carry it, which was Onan.
He had to trek all the way down to Tallahassee to deliver that hammer.
Because it was weighing down the plane.
The plane couldn't take off.
Right.
Only a holy man can lift it.
No machine can budge this sacred hammer.
You have to be holy, holy.
He hammered a lot of bobbies with that thing.
He wants it back.
And he's instructed that it be placed on the saucer to get it to him.
So, we're looking forward to delivering that.
Oh, okay. Good.
In person.
As long as it's secure and doesn't move around and affect the instruments.
Yeah.
And also, if it's piloted by XS, it should be able to damage the delicate telemetry device.
So, he's here in spirit.
You can, you know, adjust everything to it.
Yeah, the church a lot of when that Bear Gate thing happened.
That was my thing I wasn't going to say because it's shaming and triggering.
Oh, that's how you know you're listening to the uncensored version of the show.
Certain people who, as Lagume put it, themselves to death.
Boy, am I going to have to edit that one.
I thought butt was okay.
You can't say butt on the radio?
I say it all the time.
No, not anymore because, you know, it offends the unbutted.
But, but, but, but, oh, never mind.
Be careful, man.
You can't be funny these days.
It's against the law.
You can be funny.
You just can't be disrespectful to people.
And a lot of humor is based on being mean to people.
Yes.
It's harder, but it's not impossible.
We like to be nice to the peeps and the gnomes.
We like to give them a bubble bath.
Yes, that's right.
For about four days.
We don't like to trigger the conspiracy.
Hmm.
Well, that triggers me when that happens.
When it gets to July 5th, they're going to see what triggering really means.
As in a Gatling gun trigger.
Every time that Roy Rogers' horse Trigger is mentioned, it triggers me to a point.
I have an unpleasant memory of the museum where he's stuffed and on display and gradually falling apart.
Yes.
Triggered you and the horse you rode in on.
Well, on Trigger, you know, many horses in Hollywood had extraordinary careers because they understood they were in a show and knew what they were supposed to do.
And they were very highly prized and requested by the actors over and over.
I'll do the show if I can get Dollar.
But if I can't ride Dollar, I'm not going to do your show.
So, there were more unspoken heroes of Hollywood.
Then there were the horses that were trying to fall down and break their legs.
That was a good thing.
The less lucky horses.
They didn't break their legs when they fell down, but they did when what was called a running gig was operated by Yakima Kamut and other stunt people of the 1930s where it would just be a cable.
It would run out.
Then they would stumble and fall.
Yeah, they didn't call this.
It was a synchronized gunshot.
Those weren't stunt horses.

Those were stub horses because they would usually cut the leg off after that.
And, you know, it was not just horses.
And the movie 1 Million B.C. is full of abuse of all sorts of animals.
Not only of the indignity of having fins and dinosaur horns glued on them, but also are actually forced to fight and kill each other and fall into fiery pits.
And in one case where Lon Cherney Jr. in the role of Aqoba is killed.
He's crippled with a horrible compound fracture.
The bones protruding through his skin.
Yakima Kamut did that on a running ram of some kind, which was tricked up with skins to look a lot larger.
This is before.
And that's why we showed that movie two years ago at X Day.
Well, not to revel in its cruelty.
You know, they got the everything we wanted on screen and nobody cares about if a bunch of little animals got hurt.
Well, but let's.
I mean, that's their idea.
We should be.
No animals were harmed in the production of this X Day party.
No, we'll never harm animals anymore.
Let's get that on the record.
And let's also make it clear that when this was done, that was before they knew about dinosaur appropriation.
When they were putting those little fins on iguanas and horns and stuff like that.
I mean, if Erwin Allen had any idea how many woke laws he was breaking by doing that, he never would have done it.
He was a very sensitive man.
And I still feel embarrassed for that iguana.
The the the woker than thou will face the judgment.
When the sleeper wakes, we all wake to new life in Bob on the glowing saucers of the space goddesses.
Unfortunately, also the judgmental will face the judgment.
Yes. For being too judgmental, they will be hauled before the sub judge in the great court of eternal judgment.
That.
And that moves on to higher and higher court for all eternity.
Right. Because it's so it's they keep being judgmental.
I like how Jack T. Chick has the embarrassment ceremony.
Before you go to hell, everybody in the universe watches every bad thing you ever did on a giant screen that's there in the celestial throne room with a towering 300 foot tall light bulb headed Jesus presiding on the throne.
I wonder about that.
How many angels does it take to swap out the heads on the faceless God?
That's a good question.
But, you know, I have a question for you, Dr.
Howe, because you probably would know this.
I've always been curious.
Is that movie that they show on the giant screen in heaven and the Jack Chick film?
Is it a black and white because the tracks are black and white?
It may be in color and we don't know.
Well, but because something is in black and white does not necessarily mean that it is to be represented as actually being a black and white.







I don't think they're saying anything in those shades unless they make a little note.
No, it's just economy when you're producing a comic book that sells for 14 cents worldwide.
That movie of everyone's sins is available in 3D, but it cost the extra five dollars.
But everybody is gathered there, the quick and the dead, the great and the small, generations, and they're all watching your show.
And why not?
They've got eternity to do it in.
And so everything you did in secret when you thought you were picking up a good movie will be in the dark.

And so you're picking your nose and nobody is watching.
Is it up there in Todd Ayo's sense around Rumble Rumble?
Wait until Mrs. Darden sees the home movies I have in store for her.
Well, this brings up another question.
It's a terrible thing.
I'm sure we've all got dirty laundry.
The audience out there, I mean, this is a heavenly audience.
They've seen a lot of these films.
When somebody is doing something really loathsome, you know, adultery and three ways, four ways, 20 ways, does the audience applaud?
Or do they just watch?
Do they throw things at them?
They'd rather not, especially if their movie hasn't been shown yet.
But obviously the movie would have been shown, right?
Or they wouldn't be allowed to?
No, they're there.
They'll show them all they have to wear.
So you're saying the audience is all the people waiting to be judged?
I thought maybe it was the angels.
They're angels.
They are sort of like security guards to keep order.
But most people are too abashed.
Also, they're naked.
Also, they're standing in front of the 300-foot tall light bulb headed GC.
Well, inside there were balloons in it.
Are they enjoying the...
None of them are enjoying.
This is Chick's brand of pornography where he's relishing their discomfiture as they realize that he was right and they were wrong.
And they're being rebuked in front of the entire universe on a giant screen.
I mean, that's what I always thought was so funny, that he drew it as a rectangular screen.
Oh, I didn't think anybody saw me do that.
You know, July 12th.
July 12th, 1954.
And what does it say that when we talk about Bear Gate, it's pouring, but then when we talk about the Jack Chick tracks, suddenly the sun comes out.
I mean, who's in control of this?
Well, I'm trying to turn away because, you see, we do have this unfortunate war on God going on.
And so it never hurts to write...
God thinks that's hilarious.
I know that that's true because I have not been struck down yet.
Oh.
I think the good Lord has a sense of humor and probably has an equally funny plan for a little punchline for me in store when I go to meet my maker or un-maker, as the case may be.
Well, I just hope I'm in the audience when they show your movie because, I mean, that would be one that would be worth watching.
Well, I suppose this all huge audience includes everybody who is dead at the moment and then all in the past.
Maybe backlogged.
Yeah. Yeah. So...
Some movies are longer than others, especially if they're showing highlights.
Going all the way back to the Neolithic era.
Say, on next day, would it be possible, I wonder, to resurrect Jack Chick and force him to finish that anti-subgenius comic we've all wanted to see?
That would be necromancy and very, very evil, but maybe we'll be allowed to be evil.
Only if Dr. Hal drew it.
Well, the only thing we'll... as subgeniuses, the only thing we'll be judged on is how much we paid Bob.
Yes.
How much actual dollars we paid to Bob.
Oh, actual dollars.
Or, in practical terms, the subgenius foundation.
And remember, I'm here as a representative of that august organization.
The swag table in there doesn't look any different than it did when we first set it up, except Reverend Trixie von Mothersbaugh bought $35 worth of stuff.
Oh, yeah?
Yes.
That's it.
That's... otherwise, it looks like these guys are gonna have to send all that stuff back to me in Texas.
That's about $150 worth of shipping.
So, you better whip these people into shape and get them to spend some damn money in there.
I don't want any of that shit, would you please?
Now, how many were looking out there?
I don't want to have to haul any of it back in this case.
And for a limited time only, these priceless subgenius souvenirs can be yours.
I thought we were gonna have new people here this time.
That would... new... I mean, buyers.
You don't even have to order on Amazon.
This is how you're gonna save...
They're actually physically near you.
This religion is a cut above the others, because in the other religions, you're expected to just give money.
And you get nothing in return.
You tithe.
You're not only gonna get eternal salvation, but you also get swag.
Plus, you can get us famous old-timers to sign those books.
You see, Cotton Mather wrote that we're only not plunging down through the earth to hell this second,
because God is holding us up.
But anytime he wanted to, he could whisk his hand away, and we would instantly sink down through the earth's crust into the eternal fires of hell.
Are you saying we're like sinners in the hands of an angry God?
Well, Cotton Mather's bromides and pamphlets and books are remarkable for their consistency in that regard.
But I read an interesting book recently called Lords of the Left Hand Path.
Have you heard of this one?
No, but it...
It's a defense of demon worshipers and the like, you know.
And one of the things that it says is, everything you've ever read about Satanists, demon worshipers, and so forth, has been written by their enemies.
You know, it's distorted.
It is partisan.
And the other side deserves a say.
And then the rest of the book tells about all sorts of recent movements.
Like the Temple of Set, for example, which was disapproved of by the U.S. Air Force when it was found to be a subcult within its ranks.
So this is kind of like a critical religion theory.
It's a live and let live, Dick.
It's ecumenical.
It's let everybody in.
Everybody's church deserves to be there, including the so-called bad guys.
You wouldn't have a good God in the world.

You wouldn't have the good guys without the bad guys.
You've got to let them in.
So the Satanists and the fundamentalists can kind of dance together and...
It's not even really formally advocating for the side.
It's just saying, give them a fair shake.
Because historically, philosophically, this is where this comes from.
And it's not as the propagandists would have it.
Well, that's one party I'd like to see.
I think it would be interesting.
Well, but as Jack Chick says, don't think you're going to get to party.
You're going to get to party with your friends in hell.
They arrange it so you can never see them.
Well, I do approve of the one track where when they're in hell, he says,
wait a minute, you lied to me.
They interject the you lied to me.
Friends, if you're not aware of the film called God's Cartoonist,
it is a wonderful movie about the life and works of Jack Chick.
Produced by someone we know somewhere around here.
And it features Dr. Hal and me being so hilariously polite about never quite saying he's a crazy kook.
Well, he is an artist.
I can't surround that so expertly that that's my favorite part of the movie.
That's not the approach the movie takes.
In my view, he's like an underground cartoonist.
Yeah, I thought he was just a professional courtesy staying.
I mean, every artist is...
Crazy.
I think his cartoons have done immeasurable harm in the world.
I'd even say that.
But analyzing these as literary objects is a lot of fun.
They're fun to read.
They're designed to be fun to read.
Well, I mean, come on.
I mean, you know, the Nazis and Hitler did a lot of harm too.
But if they didn't exist...
But they didn't produce good comics.
Think of all the movies and all the books we would have.
All those X-rated men's...
All those magazines we wouldn't have.
I mean, you know...
Hogan's Heroes.
Yeah, we'd lose Hogan's Heroes.
LeBeau.
What would we do without that?
What about LeBeau?
If LeBeau can go to Auschwitz, and he did.
He actually went to Auschwitz.
LeBeau is an Auschwitz survivor.
If he can go and make fun of the Nazis and Hogan's Heroes, don't you think the rest of
us can at least politely laugh?
Well, it's not my ox being gored, so I would tread lightly there too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I did think it was rather interesting how they managed never to show his forearm in
that movie.
Or TV series, rather.
Well, four-armed is four-armed.
Yes.
And I think Schultz and Colonel Klink were also Jewish, as was Major Hostet.
Shut up, Klink!
You know, I recently saw a...
General Poe.
It was a Daffy Duck World...
It was a World War Time cartoon where a Daffy infiltrates the Nazi headquarters or something.
And I swear to God, that's where Schultz and Klink came from.
That cartoon, there is a Schultz.
Yeah, Schultz is the adjutant.
It's just like the Schultz in the sitcom.
And the officer is ordering Schultz around, and Schultz is bundling and so on.
I know nothing!
I know nothing!
Well, if I remember correctly, Bing Kling...

Bing Kling and Bing Krosby produced Hogan's Heroes along with Groucho Marx.
He was in on it.
He was one of the backers.
Yes.
And another odd fact is that the world of Hogan's Heroes is coeval with Petticoat Junction,
because one of the men in the camp is from there.
Well, I didn't realize that.
So it's a shared universe like Marvel.
Yes.
Which may even expand farther, to six degrees of saturation.
Well, three navels.

Green Acres, definitely.
Petticoat Junction.
Right.
My fave.
Boy, when I moved out into the country, Princess Wee and I ended up watching Green Acres all over again.
Because think about it.
Lisa and Mr. Douglas.
It's strangely compelling, isn't it?
How it appeals.
Conspiracy or coincidence?
And you got a little suspicious when the postman came up.
Good morning, Mr. Douglas.
Well, not really Douglas.
More like Doug.
Doug.
Sting.
Then again, not really.
Well, anyway.
Here's your mail.
It's been thoroughly checked.
That was a very prophetic series, I thought.
Well, I have the idea that the scriptwriters behind the scene were getting ripped all the time.
And some of their ideas were stoner ideas.
Are we still talking about Green Acres?
Yes.
In this instance, talking about how in Green Acres, sometimes some characters could see
themselves.


Maybe it's because of the title letters floating in the air.
The other ones couldn't.
Or when they looked, they would whip away by animated magic so they wouldn't be seen and
then mischievously return and that sort of thing.
That show was meta ahead of its time.
You know, it was a radio show before that.
That's right.
And I've heard those.
The same writer, same director.
Dale Arden.
He improved it a lot.
Gale Gordon originally played the Mr. Douglas character and he was a jerk.
Eddie Albert.
Sorry.
He wasn't just a jerk.




He was just a simpleton, well-meaning numbskull like Oliver Wendell Douglas.
Dale Gordon always had to be the fall guy.
He was a real jerk.
He couldn't be the hero.
But Jeb was the same.
Jeb was the same old Jeb.
Jeb Bush was his last name, I think.
Jeb Bush?
That's where we got our governor, straight from that radio show.
So, yeah, it really hit home to me because I was, in fact, a city guy suddenly on a ranch.
The difference was I didn't really care about being a farmer.
Philo, Dr. Philo Drummond, now is a farmer.
He might as well be Mr. Green Jeans.
And what's he doing out on his acreage?
Dragging logs, felling trees, carving them into lumber.
And growing crops?
Completely legal stock.
We just want to make sure everybody knows it's all legal.
He has a movie theater in his barn, in one of his barns.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Bob paid Philo and me pretty well in the end.
After all of our struggles, Philo had to work for those arms dealers for 35 years.
And I had to work for Bob for 35 years, which was even harder.
But by golly.
By golly.
But he would struggling this whole lives.
And when heré este, he él todo, qué es pórFAHECHO?
I think he was a buyer and initially, he and this great great great man called Philo were

growing thing, because that's where we that was the thing that Professor
Keith was mostied about, and we said, oh, though, if we are trying so desperately to

of crank primary labor to we would now want to keep out of it if we wanted varies
� party paying over land and reasonable resources not using Jaıktys and
Europe actually is a terrible crap, I would say, to your point.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was kind of upset because I got to the point where I was doing all the landscaping on the ranch,
and I injured my back, and I needed to hire an immigrant.
But Trump had built this wall.
Which one?
And you couldn't get Mexicans or Hondurans or anybody.
Pease suggested, and this was Eskimos, immigrant refugee Eskimos,
because they work at night.
Ah, and they love that Texas weather.
And in Texas, that's good.
That's great.
It's really hot in the daytime.
Can they adapt to the heat of central Texas?
No, they stay inside their igloos during the day.
Yeah, one would think, yeah.
Of course, it's hard to keep the igloo refrigerated.
It has to be inside a separate refrigeration unit, which has power uses.
Well, my grandmother actually was roommates.
She was with the woman who invented Eskimo pies.
She would dismiss with her.
That was the big flavor thing.
And I bet she wasn't an Eskimo, was she?
No, she wasn't.
It was Eskimo appropriations.
Yes, that's true.
And they're not even really pies.
No, they're not.
It's all, well.
It's a black lie.
It's a metaphor.
I shouldn't say that.
It is a metaphor.
It's a truth built on lies.
It's things that stand for things combined into something else.
Pretty tasty, though.
You know?
A pizza pie.
Is that a pie?
Or some people would think a pie was baked in an oven with the standard fruity contents.
You know, pies are supposed to be hot.
Eskimo pie.
Well, I get it.
It's an Eskimo pie.
It's cold.
Finally.
After all these years, I finally get it.
You see how simple it is to follow down to derivation.
The answer was so simple.
I was overcomplicating it.
Overthinking it.
That's unusual for a subgenius.
Right here on the hour slack.
That's what it is.
That's what it is.
That's what it is.

That's what it is.
Well, I hope that it will accord slack.
It says here, Dr. Howell announced new universal poet laureate.
Universal.
I didn't.
That's a real.
Perhaps universalist pictures contacted me.
That puts you ahead of even the great Glyrablex of Jupiter.
Well, I mean Europa, not Jupiter.
Oh, so claiming the universe.
Oh, well.
Yeah, the whole universe.
Perhaps it only refers to the universe.
The universe of the noosphere, which would be a grandiose enough assertion.
The unicycle verse.
All sorts of interesting documents appended to the greeting book.
Well, maybe they mean he's a poet of like one verse.
It's just kind of the universe.
But he came up with the best verse there is.
So he's the poet laureate of that.
In the realm of what possibility is, the actuality of it dwindles to the equivalent.
Of one verse.
The cyclopic.
I have to wonder why the Dobstown weekly whiff reader does not actually have a picture of J.R. Bob Dobbs in it,
but has seven pictures of Reverend Pease.
Well, all that Dobbs stuff is fine with the old folks and traditionalists,
but today's now a go-go church has to reach for the star.
Pease, in the back of his little Pease brain, is trying to get himself.
Into the position of high epoch.
And an accent on the high and popped.
What I like about that, Rag, is it's one of the few newspapers that says you flip through the pages through it,
you get to one page that's completely blank.
So you fill it in.
It's kind of make your own news.
I think that's something that all newspapers should do.
Well, it gives you a place to work out the same one that President Trump was giving.


Yeah.
Uh-huh.
You have to identify the rhinoceros, the lion, the camel.
Say what you will, but Trump did recognize the camel toe.
You can see it right there.
Oh, yeah.
I saw the filled out form.
It was pretty funny.
And you saw the rhinoceros horny.
You got that one.
Or monoceros, as they were once called.
Are you taking care of your babies there, Pease?
The rhinoceros family is enormous.
Someone brought Reverend Pease.
And they're on the offensive.
There are a few of them alive today.
A little zip-up green pea.
An incredible variety of forms and shapes, including the largest mammal ever to walk the earth.
This one is just waiting for the sweet piece of death.
Oh.
Well, you know, the rhinoceros are some of the most wonderful medical inventions ever created.
Because if you pound up their bones into dust and make pills out of them,
the aphrodisiac quality.
The qualities are just amazing.
That's primitive magic which has been disproved.
Well, wait a minute, though.
They've got that giant horn.
It makes you horny.
That makes sense.
Correlation without connection.
It's scientifically proved.
Are you one of these non-science people?
The same with shark fins.
I have to put my hoof down somewhere.
Dude, you're as bad as my fucking friend at all.
What happened to Fritz Schuele's feet?
He was a bloody mess.
Like, he was attacked by ludicrous animals.










Hell yeah.
But this post-war crisis actually scares me even more and that I probably should be
careful with this.
Which are, you know, few, and possibly too modest, considerations, drain the patient

Consumption Benimodulation
In conclusion, the full picture here, 120.

효 ?
Idiot is such an ugly word.
Moron.
That's quite, that's quite, quite, let, you know.
The thing that's so nice about the word subgenius is that if you say it right, people focus on the genius part.
And they think, oh, he's complimenting me.
Hey, you know what?
You're an excellent subgenius.
Well, that.
Incidentally, sir, that man is an excellent subgenius.
You know, you're telling the boss this about the worker.
Incidentally, sir.
That man is a devoted subgenius.
You'll be lucky if you can get him to work for you.
Well, it looks like the humidity has killed my hearing aid again.
So I'm back to guessing even more poorly what everybody else is saying.
We're recording the classics.
In this case, transposing chick tracks for our own amusement.
This is a little joke we play on staying about halfway into the show.
We start moving our lips.
We make him think he's not hearing anything.
Oh, well, that's when it's time to start talking about old monster movie trivia.
Well, you see, every time I have, you've explained that we always devolve into such a discussion.
We do.
That's how you know it's an hour of slack.
But, you see, Bull Dada contains profound lessons.
And that's why it's fun to talk about it.
Well, it's just that Bull Dada is a good movie.









And the Bull Dada we're referring to is from their grandparents' time.
Foundational, nonetheless.
Well, it might be, but they don't know what the hell we're talking about.
That doesn't mean we shouldn't talk about it.
They need to learn.
Well, that's the thing.
We call it trivia.
That sounds so like you're denigrating that.
I never called it that.
This is far greater than trivia.
That happened in the 1970s when everything was trivialized.
And the game of trivia first appeared.
But, uh...
You know, I was...
Things are...
Things are only as trivial as you...
Uh-oh.
It's the tripod-breaking drunk man.
Stay away from my tripod, Finn Chooley.
Keep your tripod away from my bad knee.
Why don't you take a seat?
Sit down in the green chair there.
Take a load off.
Sit in the green chair.
It's a comfortable chair.
That man's going to be a hero come next day when the tripods are...
Do we need to re-establish the tripod?
Yeah.
Uh...
Uh...
Ensure domestic tranquility.
Killin' you, Chief.
Provide for the common defense.
Tripod-breaking man is at every divival.
Uh...
The...
But there...
When there's 50 cases of beer, there's 50 tripod-breaking men.
Hmm.
Usually, the tripod-breaking men are fat.
But, uh...
Even a...
Well, man...
A thin, hungry-looking man.
A lean and hungry man like Finn Chooley.
Can become drunk enough to break tripods and bloody his feet.
He should come and sit down in a comfortable chair here.
No, idiots can't...
I mean, sorry.
Subgeniuses can't do that.
Well, his first movie, though, was pretty good.
The Thin Man.
I have to recall one of my favorite lines ever spoken by a subgenius.
It was completely spontaneous and heartfelt.
It was Dr. Fox sitting at a table.
And he said,

And he just suddenly looked into space and said,
I'm not really a rebel.
I'm just an idiot.
And he said it with such feeling.
I thought that is...
That sums up the subgenius condition in some ways.
You know?
If you get right down to it...
The way he said it was so...
It felt so true.
Mm-hmm.
And I've ended up repeating that line myself.
Uh...
Often to my wife.
Who goes,
No, no.
You're not an idiot.
And I go,
You're right.
That is an ugly word.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Well, I had a heartfelt moment like that with my wife once.
We didn't call it Church of the Genius for a reason.
That's another one of those daily utterances that comes in handy.
We were watching one of these beautiful documentaries of oceans and prairies.
And it was just...
It was really beautiful.
And it kind of got my wife to choke up.
And she looked at me and she said,
You know, sometimes I think Earth really is the most beautiful planet.
And the whole world.
That's a good one.
Well, I'm sure she's right.
Well, to an Earthling, sure.
Yeah.
Yes.
Well, you definitely feel it when you are on another planet.
The wrongness.
She's never experienced Havafrop Zipulat.
She's only been on this planet and on this world.
Hey, have you noticed that all the people who can afford to are going into space on their own spaceships?
Mm-hmm.
And they're going to be men and women living on the moon in three years from now.
And say what you will against Trump, but he did say the U.S. government is going to have to reveal everything it knows about UFOs in 180 days.
And when did he say it?
The end of December.
Hey, that's right about now.
Well, that was easy because the U.S. government admitted they don't know a damn thing about UFOs.
That was the whole point, which we knew was coming.
And it works for, as somebody pointed out, that works for the believers.
And the non-believers.
What it does is it...
They admit they don't know, so they've got to keep it.
It confirms the existence of UFOs, which is a big step forward.
Of course there are unidentified things in the sky.
Nobody questions that.
Pie plates or reflections of the atmosphere.
The idea that they're flung by aliens instead of billionaires.
Dry cleaning bags filled with marsh gas.
I figured John Galt's behind it.
This is all part of the climate change and climate acclimation process.
You get people talking about UFOs so that on July 5th, when they're actually in the skies blowing people up,
and other folks are running inside going,
There's UFOs out there! They're blowing it up!
Yeah, yeah, yeah. We've heard all the talk.
No, nobody knows anything about it.
We've already talked about that.
They don't have any evidence.
It's a distractionary and confusionary technique.
And it works beautifully.
There's plenty of evidence for weird things in the sky.
There's just no evidence as to what exactly they are.
Yes.
We don't know everything about what may be inhabiting the sky.
I think it's the, all the smartest rich people about 500 years ago
moved to some underground hidden base and decided they would have their own scientific utopia.
And now they're just teasing the rest of us.
Well, that's...
Why not?
It's as likely as anything else.
Well, somebody threatens the whole setup.
Good.
But they're going to learn their lesson when the X's get here.
That's pretty good.
I'm damn sure.
Because there ain't no flying saucer crashing ninnies.
They need machines to get around.
The X's does not need a saucer.
The X's does not need a ship or a boat.
The X's does not even need a body.
It's just a mind.
It's pure mind, pure soul.
And it has the power of the infinite mind.
It can do anything.
It might as well be unto a god.
Arthur C. Clarke said that if it was real aliens, well, they'd be just like magic to us.
Hell yeah.
But it ain't magic.
It's dobsly.
It's dobsly scientific magic.
Well, it is magic.
Because we'll never understand it.
But why do we have to?
We don't have to.
Nobody said in the rule book that we had to know what the universe was here for or what
UFOs was or what life is all about.
But I can tell you what the point of life is.
It's to have fun.
That's the reason you're alive is to have fun.
My father asked me that one time.
He said, Alan, you know, I'm a scientist.





I'm a scientist.
I'm going to show you how fun it is.
What's the purpose of life?
And without batting an eye, I said to have fun.
And he goes, my God.
I had no idea you were so wise at your age.
This was only a few years ago.
Well, no.
That was when I was your age.
Well, I've given it a lot of thought.
And I've read the word of Bob.
Slot comes first.
That's it.
That's all there is to it.
You just ... You get you ... If you ain't having fun, then you're just wasting your
damn time.
Of course, you've got to go through all this.


through some hardships and stuff for a thousand years, maybe.
But when you finally do have fun, it's worth the wait.
I promise. I tried that.
Those hard times are to give more enjoyment to the fun.
You know, if you've been down to hell, being in heaven is so much better than if you just go straight to heaven.
That's why you've got to go through subgenius hell before you can even handle the subgenius heaven.
That's why we have the spanking machine.
That and the fact that it's at a nudist colony.
What about that? The spanking machine?
Well, didn't the Vatican abolish purgatory, so it's now ever so binary.
Either it's a fiery place or the celestial realm.
Oh, the Masons will tell you that's all just a bunch of made-up bunch of hooves.
Yes, I know. Masonry, Marsha Mason.
But the foundations are sound, wouldn't you say?
Well, people are trying to make sense out of the dogma, and that's not the point of the dogma.
The dogma is to confound. The dogma is to inspire.
The dogma is to enrich the pursuit of the knowledge which is not capable of being understood.
You don't use your mind to think about your religion.
That's as simple as that. It's going to backfire on you.
Well, as they say, the wise man is the one that knows the limits of their own wisdom,
and that is the point of a subgenius.
Well, you don't know.
You don't know what's going on. You'd better do what Bob told you to do.
But that's what makes you so smart, because you know that you're a subgenius.
That's the genius part right there.
Or as they say these days, I identify as a subgenius.
I had a whole big long sentence about what I identify as
that was inspired by Chicken John's recent appearance in the news.
Oh, yeah?
I can't say it in public.
No, better not. Very dangerous.
But the part of it was that I identify as a gun-toting, land-owning, white, straight, something-something,
bitch-ass subgenius.
A bitch-ass subgenius.
If you think there's something wrong with being a bitch-ass subgenius...
Oh, I already did that one yesterday.
Okay.
Well, I repeat myself when under stress.
What would Dolomite say? And how would he say it?
Well, I'm not supposed to say it the way he would say it, but I could.
No, sir.
And he'd laugh.
No, sir.
Mm-hmm.
I know he would.
I actually worked with Rudy White more briefly.
Mm-hmm.
Strangely enough, I think he was gay.
Or everything.
How did he put it?
All the for-real down-home people would be there.
The b****es and c***s.
He's an open-minded fellow.
And I like to think of the escape vessels in much the same way.
Oops, I just did the thing I'm not supposed to do.
But I'm good at it.
And the rain starts again.
And I'm the one who edits, so I can include it or not, depending on how I feel about it.
Heaven openly weeps.
But I know I'm not supposed to do that.
It's appropriation or something.
To me, it's appropriate.
Well, everything's appropriate.
Appropriate is very important.
Well, you know...
Appropriate.
Let's be realistic.
Well, I didn't live in East Cleveland for 20 years.
If anyone's going to attack you for appropriation,
nine times out of ten, you're going to be in the same place.

If you're going to attack me for appropriation,
you say, well, wait a minute.
You're speaking English.
You appropriated someone else's language.
That's not your language.
I guess that's not an appropriate thing to say, though.
Apropos of...
Yeah, apropos of appropriatism.
Appropriationism.
Well, hey, look.
I can't help it.
I'm an appropri...
I identify as an appropriationist.
How's that?
Yeah.
You're going to infringe on my right to identify as an appropriationist?
What kind of a Nazi fascist are you?
Share and...
Probably somebody on the Internet, I bet.
Share and share alike ideas of all.
There was a young couple that's on their way here
that just got engaged, like yesterday.
Well, good for them.
Yeah, Reverend Negative and Reverend Katana 007.
I hope they make it.
I hope they make it through this down boy.
Yeah.
They met through Bob, and they had a band called Sub-G Kids.
He plays bass, and she sings just like a little child.
A heartwarming story.
And he proposed to her, I think, yesterday or the day before,
and she accepted, and they're coming here.
So these events are...
I guess we better get our marriage...
Continuously happening.
They're going to go on their honeymoon in the stars.
It certainly is cheaper than doing the SpaceX variety.
You know, just think about it.
You're charging just $35,
and these other people are paying millions of dollars
to get out into space for just a few hours.
This is such a rip-off.
Did you know this X-Day is free?
They're breaking the law and not charging for this X-Day.
So you see, that charge cannot be laid at our door this time.
I mean, $35 for a week is pretty cheap.


This one's not a full week, but still.
I'm going to miss that $35.
And nobody's bought a damn thing at the swag table.
I want you to go in there and buy an extra copy of
Book of the Subgenius, Eyelash, and Neighbor World,
and come back here and have us sign it,
even though those guys didn't work on those other two books,
and I just did the forwards.
But, by golly, we've got to sell some stuff.
Or Bob's going to kick my butt.
I won't be afraid to go back to Texas if I don't...
If I have to go back with a full suitcase.
There's still time.
You'll be breaking Ivan Stang's back if you don't buy
at the sacred swag table.
The Lord may call Ivan Stang home.
I've got a vision.
The Lord...
Bob's going to call me home
if you don't contribute.
If we don't raise that money,
Bob's going to call me home.
If you're listening to this on the computer,
it's not too late to hit that PayPal button.
Yeah.
Put your hands on the screen.
Yeah, we take credit cards.
You don't have to actually have the money.
You can max it out.
I won't care.
I'll get it one way or another.
For Bob, of course.
Money has a symbolic value.
I only keep what we need to keep the foundation going,
you know, to buy the product, the parts.
It's all made in the USA, by the way, folks.
Well, you know, eBay is no longer doing PayPal.
They now have their own version.
They're charging direct through eBay gates.
So they're cutting out the middleman.
At one time, eBay owned PayPal.
Now, when the conspiracy starts stabbing each other in the back,
that's when you know the end times truly are upon us.
Don't they have hurricanes here?
Oh, yeah.
That rip the roofs off buildings?
Constantly.
Constantly.
But we prefer to call them...
Hurricanes.
Just because we don't want to be sexist about it.
I can't hear a word you're saying over the rain.
That's Bob doing that for me.
He's protecting me.
The hurricanes that perpetually assault down here.
John Shirley wrote a new novel
where there are eternal hurricanes
in this area.
And they never stop.
You know, when one is stopping,
another is starting.
It's called Stormland.
Oh, I can't wait to read that one.
That's a fun one.
Yeah, it's like the big spot of Jupiter.
Yeah, I haven't got my free copy from him yet.
Maybe he wised up.
I have an all John Shirley shelf and a half.
He's that old John Shirley.
He's a sick, twisted subgenius.
And a really good writer.
There's a lot of subgenius inside jokes buried in some of those.
I know.
And I don't mean the one with me and Bob in it.
There's some with Sternow.
The one with the fight in Jesus.
And Filo and all that.
We say they're jokes,
but that's how we sit them past the censors.
Yes.
Now the sky...
The sky is indeed angry with this shift of topic.
I love that sound.
Yes, the laughter, not the roar of heaven.
Is that what that is?
They're listening.
They're judging.
The unknown upper atmosphere affects hundreds of miles wide
in electro storms that have never been quantified.
Who knows how many millions of volts there are.
I'm glad it's raining because...
I hope that helps thin out the reclaimed water.
It'll be not quite as smelly for my next cup of coffee, I hope.
The trickle-down theory, eh?
Right.
While they're doing this,
they think this is going to help them on next day.
It's going to put out fires,
but all it's really going to do is limit the ability of the tanks
to respond to the invaders.
Perhaps it will create a steamy X-Day as all this water is...
Well, and it can always...
It can always turn into basketball-sized hail at any second.
Yeah, and of course, up in northern Florida and Georgia,
we have all that red clay.
The Yankees used to say that the ground looked like blood,
and that's exactly what it will look like.
Thanks for being patient.
The red dirt of X-Day.
The pay dirt of X-Day.
Yeah, so...
How do they get the cast-off?




Right, you're right.
I was going to ask that question, too.
How do you get a cat to eat coffee beans?
Well, I know how I would try to do it,
but there's one factor that will always vary,
and that is the individual cat in question.
They have different personalities
and different behavior patterns.
Oh, I know another answer to that.
Well...
Oh, no.
Yeah, well, we're welcome to...
And a civet cat.
A civet cat.
A civet cat.
Do you know what those are?
Yeah.
They eat coffee beans and...
them.
Oh, that...
Okay.
And those coffee beans are the most valuable coffee in the world.
Yes.
Coffee that has been passed through the system of a civet cat.
Unfortunately, they're not really cats.
They're just called that.
Okay.
Well, they are called by the name cat.

I'd love to taste that stuff once it's been processed.
They actually do that.
It's processed by a cat, first of all.
Yes, a gourmand treat from another culture.
But...
So, you know, there...
One way would be to coat the coffee bean with acceptable, agreeable oil,
and then it might be eaten by the cat.
Or the Mithridates technique of introducing minute amounts,
which are gradually...
Increased with each feeding.
Do they have to, like, process the...
When it comes out the other end, do they have to, like, dehydrate it in order to make it more packageable?
No, no.
They just throw it in a bag and sell it to you.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, they grind it up.
But it's all ground up, so you can't tell what's bean and what's excrement.
What's bean, what's excrement, and what's litter box?
Apparently, it tastes better than any Starbucks.
Oh, yeah.
Well, boiling water occurs.
I'm not sure if it's, you know...
Whatever you said.
The coffee that'll make you climb the walls.
Right on.
Civic Cat Coffee.
I'm up for any program.
Sure, I have done justice to your question.
Again, friends, I must remind our listeners that the fuzzy sound in this episode
was not because of your local radio station or ISP,
but because of a rainstorm in Florida where this was recorded outdoors weeks ago.
Huge fish emerged everywhere and walked upon the land.
That really happened.
It was weird.
It was an omen.
The walking catfish came out right after this show was recorded, though.
Or, believe me, we would have mentioned it.
I filmed it, and eventually we'll get it up on my YouTube channel.
Meanwhile, subgenius.com.
Subgenius.com.

Subgenius.com.
Subgenius.com!
Subgenius.com!
Subgenius.com!
Subgenius.com!
