I'm alright, I'm alright
I'm alright
No, no you're not alright
You're exhausted
That thing around your neck
I could help a bit
I could carry it for a while
No
I could carry it
Are you propositioning me?
Share the load
Share the load
Get away!
Can I get a praise bar?
Praise bar!
Ah yes
Dear friends, we're back
to X-Day
for this show
We've also got a new song by
El Queso
who is heard in the background
Yes, yes, yes friend
X-Day
The great celebration at Brushwood
in far rural mysterious
western New York State
where the subgeniuses go to
await the saucers
prophesied by their great slack master
J.R. Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob

Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob

Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob

Bob


Bob


Bob
Bob

Bob






Bob
Bob


Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
And now friends
The title music
from the video
Da Subdel plain
I gotta ask for help
I didn't grow up dark
I don't really care what sounds like that
Oh, here it is.
What is that, a movie on top of that mountain?
Just look at these wonderful cinematic selections.
Here's the birth of Stang.
We'll be running Dobbs and Deleastes.
And Snowfire, the story of a wild study no one could take.
And other great, great Stang flicks.
Yeah, but that doesn't play until 3 a.m.
It's really stupid.
Yeah, we put it at 3 a.m.
It is stupid, but that's part of the point.
That's part of the point.
Just part of it, folks.
Just part of the point.
Now let's make a call.
Your mind is not my mind.
Don't forget that.
My mind is not your mind.
They should have 24-7 Love Genius Radio.
They should.
I would volunteer to be one of the DJs on that show, on that station.
Let's all get my radio broadcasting.
And you would just listen to 24 hours of this show?
Oh, yeah.
No, 24 minutes.
Oh, 24 minutes.
Oh, 24 hours.
24 hours, seven days a week.
24 planets.
That would be tough.
I'd have to have some time off.
24 rings around...
Lots of coffee.
Around the head of the caller.
Okay, we could call this caller.
And this caller would serve as part of the great radio team.
The fantastic 24-hour.
They're firing up the motor.
And they're watching the show 24 hours a day.
Oh, the great team of Buzzing Evidence.
Dr. Philo Drummond and Dr. Howell.
24-7 on KPFA in sub-Berkeley.
What about this new song you ask about Prairie Squid, you say?
By the El Queso All-Stars?
You're my angel in a bucket, my darling in a pail.
And I'm writing you this letter from the lonesome county jail.
They say that it's unnatural.
To love you the way that I did.
They call it a crime to spend all my time.
Six inches deep in a prairie squid.
So I send you this reminder of a heart that beats for two.
And I hope you're doing all right in the refrigerator.
You've got plenty of room in the bucket.
So I'm guessing that you'll be okay.
Cause when I get out and back into you.
I'm hoping you'll still feel the same way.
Hoping that you'll feel the same way.
My darling, this letter is sealed with my tears.
But as Bob is my witness.
I swear I'll return to your many loving arms.
Angel in a bucket.
I want you.
Angel in a bucket.
I need you.
Angel in a bucket.
I can't live without you baby.
Angel in a bucket.
Angel in a bucket.
Kind of kick a little something past you for the G's.
And make a few friends as I breeze through.
You know it's two in the morning.
And the party's still jumping.
Because my old lady ain't home.
The bitch is in the living room and getting it on.
And they ain't leaving till six in the morning.
What you want to do?
I got a pocket full of rubbers.
And my homeboys do too.
So turn out the lights.
Shut the doors.
But we don't love them whores.
G. Gordon Gordon dear friends at 7X Day.
Before that the El Queso All Stars.
She's got the friends but she needs a location.
He's got a local but he needs her supplies.
Her friends have supplies so they all get together.
Now everybody's welcome at the party tonight.
It's time to redefine the new school group.
Or two-tone suits hanging by the door.
Super Orgy Portal Party.
Super Orgy Portal Party.
Super Orgy Portal Party.
Super Orgy Portal Party.
You know I actually went to one of those Bob Dobbs DeVivals.
Yeah there was one last night. It was a great time.
I shouldn't have said DeVivals.
One of the X Days but.
Oh X Day wow.
After the original X Day.
Like everything before it was a drill.
And everything after it was like the second year was double X Day.
And then there was triple X Day.
Yeah well here's the thing.
We don't know what year 1998 will really be.
Because the conspiracy calendar is messed up.
Right.
You know.
So you know any day could.
You know the world ends tomorrow and you may die.
That's just saying that the world may well end tomorrow for all we know.
You don't know.
I'm fairly confident.
You may die tomorrow.
The story that I heard at you know approximately 7.05 on X Day.
Was that Bob Dobbs when he received the secret message from the X's.
He wrote it on a bar napkin.
But the actual date is if you turn 1998 upside down it's 8661.
So that's the actual year they're going to come.
So we're still supposed to go to Starwood.
The latest theory I heard was.
Until 5,000 years from now about.
The latest theory I heard was 2017.
Because of.
Because Ivan Stank thinks he's going to live that long.
No because 1984 came 19 years too late.
Mmm.
When the president started saying war is peace last year.
We knew that means it must really be 1984.
Radio Synesthesia on WCSB in Cleveland.
With Dr. Bob Dobbs.
Dr. Sinister.
Before that the super orgy corner party thing is by the Planet Smashers.
But now little Theodore.
Live at X Day.
And now the ultimate song about pink life.
Get up out of bed.
Sour on my head.
Drinking down a cup.
Trying to wake up.
Driving across the town.
Feeling like a clown.
Some guy's in my lane.
Heard a bullet through his window pane.
Pulling to the lot.
Goddamn boss has got my favorite spot.
Greeting everyone.
Trying to act.
Trying to act dumb.
I don't belong here.
But then of course the question is then where?
Where?
The
I'm plagued by one great doubt.
It's become what my life's all about.
Mind game dude like Maté,
If I had done that I wouldn't have to do this.
If I had done that I wouldn't have to do this.
If I had done that I wouldn't have to do this.





Friends, I wish we had the rest of that song.
Little Theodore, live at X-Day.
You can get more about that at littletheodore.com.
And now back to Puzzling Evidence with Dr. Howell and Philo,
a debriefing after 7X Day.
Let's see, what else happened that was exceptional and remarkable?
Well, there was the auction, of course.
The auction.
For subgenius youth outreach.
That is correct.
And Howell and I were the subgenius youth outreach recipients,
senior division, of course.
Yes, our cabin was for youthful types like Sir Guy Dua,
who was also in our cabin, one of the three snorers of distinction.
I found out later they put us all together for a specific reason.
The snorwood.
That's right, the snorwood factory.
They had this wooden snore device, snore capturing device below the chamber.
This is one of my favorite movies.
Come on, you guys, be quiet.
I want you to watch this.
Okay, all right.
Howell fell asleep again.
This is the part where Ivan Stang takes over the world.
A thousand experiments, a thousand failures,
and then, at last, the great wonderful day.
Stang.
It's just the great wonderful day.
The last little mixture of drugs.
But why, why do it?
Stang.
Just a scientific experiment at first.
That's all.
To do something no other men in the world have done.
But there's more to it than that.
I know now.
It came to me suddenly.
The drugs I took seemed to light up my brain.
Suddenly I realized the power I held.
The power to rule.
To make the world...
To make the world grovel at my feet.
We'll soon put the world right now.
We'll begin with a reign of terror.
A few murders here and there.
Murders of great men.
Murders of little men.
Just to show we make no distinction.
It might even break a train or two.
Just these fingers around a signalman's throat.
That's all.
So where's my frog, Stang?
Let's go with it.
Stang.
Stang.
Where's my frog, man?
You want that award again, don't you?
The Hey Stang Award.
Hey Stang.
Hey Stang.
See my butt plug, Stang?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
I snore all night.
And I'm like this in the day.
Uh-huh.
Hal can actually snore before he goes to sleep.
It's like as he's beginning to enter his sleep cycle,
the snoring begins.
But the second or third night,
I was able to obtain some ear...
Some ear things.
Some ear muffs, all right.
Ear plugs.
All right.
Give a plug for those muffs.
Dying.
I couldn't even hear the fan.
I couldn't hear anything.
I could just hear my breathing and the...
The fans, he refers to, were specifically imported by Philo,
not to cool the room down, but just to make noise,
a white noise that would ideally muffle all the snoring
into one rattling roar.
We had three machines.
We had three fans that blew a vortex.
We had three machines.
That was enough to just...
It often blew the frap smoke away to silence the shrill beeping
of the fire alarm, which would be set off by the clouds
of punching frap smoke.
We had one fan whose only job was to blow the smoke past
the fire alarm before it would set the fire alarm off.
But it did also provide a secondary purpose,
and that was to keep the wind blowing across my...
My...
Ugh.
Ow.
Ow.
That hurt.
Oh, don't snap it like that.
That's not gonna do anybody any good.
So we had three fans positioned that blew a vortex,
about a 30 to 40 mile an hour circular wind inside our snoring chamber.
Okay, I got it.
Oh, there we go.
Sorry.
What?
Oh, there she goes.
This is Lady Time going by, trying to remember what show she's listening to.
I'm admitted that you have a drug problem.
I lost my drugs twice today.
Twice today, if it were not for the power of Bob and the love of subgenii,
I would be frap-less.
I lost my frap.
Twice.
And why?
And why?
Drugs.
Because the frap took your mind.
No, it wasn't a frap.
It was a false drug.
It was the false marijuana.
Oh.
This stuff here.
It's not frap.
That's why it took my mind.
It's...
It's...
It's false drugs.
You don't wanna...
You don't wanna smoke it.
Maybe throw my sunglasses in.
The fire is...
It made you lose your other false drugs.
It made me lose my real false drugs twice.
Not once, but twice.
Fool me once, shit on you.
Fool me twice, fuck you.
My mind is not my mind.
I still ain't been to the big party, but I suppose that if I did I'd have a good time.
Lots of folks I see doing it regularly, and they tell me that it feels just fine.
Time to redefine the new school group, or two-tone suits scattered on the floor.
Super orgy porno party.
Super orgy porno party.
Super orgy porno party.
Super orgy porno party.
I no longer wish to preach to the choir.
If I'm going to be reduced to preaching about things that we are all well aware of,
then I am going to be preaching to others besides you illustrious folk.
I'm going to have to go out there into the world, make a goddamn fool of myself, and preach the word of Bob, aren't I?
Well, if that's what it requires, then that is what it requires.
But I will admit this.
I won't go gently into that good night.
I will, however, fly high and happy aboard the pleasure saucers on that fateful day, whenever it may be.
And I've heard that it might not be this year.
I'm hoping it will be, but it might not.
But whenever it is, even if it's just myself, it could be two other people, it could be three other people, it could be four other people,
it could be four thousand other people who board the pleasure saucers with me, I will board those saucers.
I will board those saucers.
And I will do it with the knowledge that my consciousness is clean,
that I have slacked off to the fullest of my ability and comprehension,
and that I have lusted and hated in an entirely satisfying way.
Ladies and gentlemen, I may be young, but I have never seen something so slack-producing in all my born days.
I can only hope that I have many, many born days to celebrate the slack further,
and I can hope that you too celebrate your slack until the very day you die and shut up like hell.
So, go out there, stay, watch the bands, whatever, enjoy the puri and interest, get drunk, smoke the frob, I don't care.
I don't mind. Just know that on that fateful day, 7 a.m., July 5th, you will be saved.
Friends, here's to the beautiful, happiness and safety of the children of the Ivory Coast expect
you live life in a way as worth it, if only for your refrigerator and your love.
To serve the people, it is to you, who open up.
And now, for your edification, your bewondermint, your bafflement, your, finally, your slack,
I proudly in the name of J.R. Bob-Dob present to you, a little Theodore and a babushka!
Not always sure what the point is, but we press on anyway.
I want an ugly girl who loves nobody but me.
I want an ugly girl who's got no need to be free.
I want an ugly girl who's got no need to be free.
I want an ugly girl who thinks that's the way to be.
I want an ugly girl who'll make you jealous if you just wait and see.
Ugly girls must be lonely.
An ugly girl would love you only.
Ugly girls may not have many hearts to have, but ugly girls have got just as many parts.
I want an ugly girl who's not scared that the paper may.
I want an ugly girl who'll bring you back to a loving friend.
I want an ugly girl who's not scared that the paper may.
I want an ugly girl who'll make you proud if you didn't read.
I want an ugly girl who's sure to walk all over the place.
Ugly girls deserve happiness too.
An ugly girl would take the world of you.
Ugly girls may be easy, but ugly girls don't have meaning.
I want an ugly girl who can tell you all about pain.
I want an ugly girl who's intelligent, all of me saying.
I want an ugly girl who's not scared that the paper may.
I want an ugly girl who looks like a profane.
I want an ugly girl who'll take her out and start the road.
Now I thought I'd sing something pretty and refined about something special.
I want my family to know what sex and life ought to look like.
Come on, girl, you've got pain and you've got it.

You've got pain and you've got it all inside of you.
You've got pain and you've got it all inside of you.



You took care of everything else you can do now that I'm mad.

Não sei porque você quis me.
Por que ela esta curtando as boyfrey.
You let her go like a wirerikig madou real cover for some Pour Reç upperc family.
You aspire to be a quick dinner on my plate
But we're content to wait until the time came up
So when I came home one night hungry
There you were waiting for me
That beautiful cheese was running down your side
Those wonderful beef jalapenos A and B
Did you ever think about me?
Did you ever think about me?
Did you ever know you're my burrito?
I ate you late last week, yeah
And though you passed right on through me
They are still the wind between my cheeks
Yeah
Did you ever know you're my burrito?
I ate you late last week, yeah
And though you passed right on through me
They are still the wind between my cheeks
One more time, everybody, now!
Did you ever know you're my burrito?
I ate you late last week, yeah
And though you passed right on through me
They are still the wind between my cheeks
You're still the wind between my cheeks
Oh, the wind between my cheeks
Oh, fly, fly
Escape into the sky
Offending all that you pass by
Thank you, thank you
Thank Rosarita for you though, thank you
el道
Welcome to our city of wamok
John apparently wants you to write your own você
Thank you
Be it the wind or the clouds
If she dies you don´t know



screened where sinners hugged their specter of repose poor pray to his hot fit of pride were
those now upon his westward wing he leans now his huge bulk or afric's sands careens now the black
shadows shadowed arctic snows soaring through wider zones that pricked his scars with memories
of the old revolt from all he reached a middle height and at the stars which are the brain of
heaven he looked and sank around the ancient track marched rank on rank the army of unalterable law
yes dr. Powell at exta dear friends before that the babushka and before that
movie the movie the movie the movie the movie the movie the movie the movie the movie the movie
little Theodore said by the way they have a live at double x-day album out from their
x-day performance in 1999 you might check out little Theodore calm and before that the amino
acids themselves live at 7x day see the amino acids calm and before that of the the youngest
subgenius ran turn winner of the Bobby award for that this year
at a horse auto
but all of this took place in Lake campsite
last month of its last several işi
due halfellas
deutsch now
two
fact
who see
This is a blithe Doc Ellis of the Lymph Node Institute.
Tonight, I would like to talk to another audience besides you, the cells of this great beast that is our church, our rock, and our deceiver.
I would like to address that scruffy guy laying on the floor of that strange room.
And you, the skinny girl in the back seat who can't remember where the car is headed.
You, my captive audience.
Your proximity to this broadcast is no accident.
Bob's is a strange and frightening bedotted countenance which comes unto you likened to the angry bum in the alley.
Though he may befoul you and rob you in unexpected ways, you also gain from his violation.
For Bob is the center of a giant reciprocal force.
And though he befouls and robs, he also blanches and misplaces.
So creating as he destroys and obeying the first law of thermodynamics which states that energy can only be converted from one state to another but cannot be created or destroyed.
I cannot stress this enough.
Bob, Bob is a very lucky man and we're with the whole briny claws scuttling bit.
Elliot, the question Bob has for you tonight is...
How would you like to be a man?
How would you like to bust one of those claws of yours open and taste your own succulent meat?
Because whether you know it or not, you have been living on borrowed time since July of 1998.
And this brief foray of yours to the happy side of the luck plane is both a warning and an inducement.
The church of the subgenius, no less than Bob Spear,
lanced to the core of this world is the only religion that just wants to befoul and rob you.
Your brain, life, soul, etc. are yours to keep or at least hold onto for as long as you can.
The other religions are imperfect imitations or precursors depending on how you look at it.
But however you look at it, this is the only church that works for you.
While we're on the subject,
to be honest for once,
I too was deeply wounded when July 5th, 1998 rolled around
and I was denied the spectacle of my unsaved friends and loved ones tortured by the indignity
of the surreal death of my own personal design.
Yeah, I had big plans and Bob just pissed them away.
But we're well past that now.
Right past that into the frozen, shrieking, steel death trap.
Okay, okay.
Well, I know I see people and they ask me,
how did the institute fall into the sway with the church?
Well, it was almost inevitable.
When you deal in incalculable margins as we do,
naturally when it came time to select a trans-intuitive meme conveyance device,
we chose the one with the nice pointy smile.
That, and it does attract a somewhat higher quality sample of the gene pool.
Of course, as in the usual population, about half the samples are fruitless,
but for some reason far more vocal about it.
The apathy and ennui that supernatural protection can lead to,
for some is that last layer of jade that forces their heads to sink into their torsos.
However, and listen closely because this is how we make our money,
the other half, instead of being merely acceptable, as in the population at large,
is extra ordinary.
And I tell you,
the thing I love about the subgenius mind, almost without exception,
is that the extra ordinary ones think that they are purposeless,
and the fruitless ones think that they are extra ordinary.
We've been working on that squirt package almost from the beginning.
But, more than just an easy access to an unquantifiable demographic,
the church, quite frankly, is the most powerful opiate at our disposal.
And, of course, the church itself is the most powerful opiate at our disposal.
Triple your money back guarantee.
Because everything has a price.
So pay up if you won't wake up,
and get your soma that sweet, sweet slack while you still can.
I don't have to tell you what this church does for the mutant population at large.
The jolly factors have not stopped rising since Bob was first shot in the 80s.
These jolly factors, of course, cannot rise forever,
but try to enjoy the flow,
and fatten up your nintel iphs.
For, perhaps, leaner days,
when the inevitable ebb sucks you dry.
So, take it for granted,
but also enjoy the decadence of your easy dismissal of plenty,
an infinite regress of self-referential onanism.
And then, in the rapidly approaching global American Christian theocracy,
you will finally have an opportunity to appreciate all the things that you have.
All the associative spice that the church has added to your collective stew.
Yes, when the big squeeze comes,
a good laugh, or how about a sincere smile,
will be at a premium.
And when all of those chemicals you pour into your gullet are cut off,
you will find that your memory is a lot better than you think.
That's the good news.
As for the bad news, well, let me put it this way.
As you try to sell your money,
you slip away in your cell,
away from the stench and pathetic vacant murmurs
of those not so well connected as you.
Beneath the incessant squall of monotone Bible passages
echoing off of concrete and steel,
day and night,
well, at about that moment,
you, weary traveler,
will have some place to go.
That funny thing Stank said that time,
that comic panel ad,
etched on your eyelids,
that distant twinkle of a Rudy Schwartz ditty.
Whatever it is,
it is one last place they cannot touch.
It won't save your life,
or ultimately your sanity,
but it might save your soul,
which will then return to the quagmire
from whence it issued,
pure and potent,
to reinfect the fibers of the core.
So, when the whole operation goes belly up,
and the books are burning in the street,
and the wickas are swinging from the street lamps,
you will be that lucky one,
whistling your way to your martyrdom,
that will unnerve them and their kind forever.
Or at least until they wipe out
the first 90% or so of the mutant population,
then they will undoubtedly lose their zeal,
and the 10% that remains can begin
infection of the meat side
with their latent yeti gene,
just like they did about 600 years ago.
The time to have your head up is now.
The time of fire and glass
will be the time to duck, silly goose.
So, when those durable and self-replicating thought viruses
envelop your fevered brain,
try to remember to break off a little something
for that man, Bob.
This is for real.
Not like that.
Okay, I got something.
Hasta pronto!
Okay.
Okay, flop it in the back.
Wow, this guy.
Somebody cried.
Somebody cried.

Somebody died.
Died.
Someone was born.
Died.
Died.
I got to die.
Yeah.
I got to die.
Hello.
Lock me in the door, boy.
Lock me in the door.
Lock me in the door.
It is a test.
Obvious.
Yet you still ask.
We are not the same universe.
We are gone.
Same universe.
We are gone.
Same universe.
We are gone.
This time.
We are gone.
We are gone.
contain Mia like the battle who can't fix yellow.
as Ariel




scan
me
it
me
acid corpse at x day and my friends the swinging love corpse is mixed with the amino acids and
Carter LeBlanc in an unholy mess and then of course we got to stock up on the subgenius special
meals they had they were MRE meals show until you guys were doing that the subgenius MREs will be
they'll stay fresh to the year 2005 Wow did it storm there at all yes it did rain thunder crashed
lightning flashed and rain came down in torrents while we all sat inside the
Eaton Hall and watched the staying it's this video projected on the giant screen let's go back in time
hey did you have a nap that day how in the rain huh I had a nap I don't know maybe I did it is
that the one where sister what's-her-name came in and pelted us with flowers in the morning
which what day was that they all blurry to one another because we would sleep in the day and
stay awake at night I'd be awake
all night but unlike the awful sea rations of World War two you'll look forward to these subgenius meals start with your appetizer like peanut butter on a cracker I never had any mix your powdered beverage cocoa coffee I made
all the things that are calling the show continues
it's leaking
move on to your on straight barbara's some tacos brownie or another two-based eat treat
yes they said that bob stood for burning old bastards
you like to go on and on and on in the middle of the night
yeah
like what they have to say is important
that was a really good one that was
B.O.B.
Boring Old Bastards
24 hours a day see now that's what's been going on for many years that you don't realize this show is going on 24 hours a day it's just these are the only two hours you get
plus they give you the new Israeli surplus gas masks
I get the other 22 hours those are really the best
No more will you have to endure the stench of the outhouse you can wear this subgenus Israeli surplus gas mask for all your stinky jobs
that's what that is really subgenius have been working on
yes yes they've got a special brand new Israeli subgenus surplus gas mask
is it non-mask and waterproof
it relieves you of those stinky stinky gases
well what if the stinky gases overflow in in the lost gas lines

Hey, not to worry.
It's all rubber with plexiglass eyes.
Oh, that's cool.
G. Gordon Gordon has requested the song
You Guys Really Fucking Suck.
We know that one.
We practiced that one yesterday.
Sort of a bossa nova.
You guys really suck.
You really suck.
You really suck.
You really suck.
You really suck.
You really suck.
You guyzz really suck
Really suck
You guyzz really suck a life
We think you stupid
We think your dumb
We think your idiotic
You think you're dumb! You think you're stupid! You think you're dumb! You think you're idiotic! You think you're dumb!
Yeah, you guys really suck!
You guys really suck!
You guys really suck!
You really suck.
You really suck.
You guys really suck a lot.
You really suck.
You really suck.
You guys really suck a lot.
Suddenly someone appears at the turnstile who grows to gigantical size.
You know, Frenchies like it, Belgians, Dutchies, Germans, Krautsies, Austrians.
You're talking about X-Day?
Crotation marks.
Well, there were some Britishers who came all the way to X-Day.
British pantalons like it.
Yeah, we had Pope Phil Monty there.
True.
And his Gore-Tex bibs.
Also, Sister Televangela.
Televangela was there.
Who?
What?
Just many subgenius.
She was hotter than a $2 pistol and just as affordable.
Bam.
And she wanted to...
Bam, yeah, that's what a pistol does, sir.
She didn't like to leave her car, so she did everything from inside her car.
Thank you, ma'am.
Bam, bam.
That's who the ma'am was.
I liked her when she was in the subgenius.
She would auction, put her vote in at the auction with a little beep of her car horn as she sat in her car.
She just didn't like to get out.
Well, she didn't like to get out.
She didn't like to get out of her car, so she just pulled her car up close to the...
And all her crap was in the car, all of her food, her sleeping bag, all of her stuff.
Except when she got out of the car to jump on the finalist's bed and punch a hole in the floor with the bed leg.
Yeah.
It descended through the cabin.
Well, she is a rather robust woman.
A robust specimen, yes.
Ah!
Come here, check out that thing, eh?
What do you want to do with it?
Oh, we're doing a show now.
We're doing a show now, sir.
Jeez.
Quit trying to...
It's a bottomless car.
It's a bottomless...
That is some kind of bottomless show.
So she did.
She spent some time on my bed.
She never stops.
She spent some time on my bed.
Well, it's your duty to inculcate the younger generation's subgenius principles.
Stereo?
Cheerio?
And so I'm sure you are...
She asked me that all-important question.
Why do retail stores charge up to $160?
60% more for the same thing?
What did you tell the young lass?
She just keeps selling it over and over.
Well, I said it's because it's their job.
And you know what?
That just rolled off her back like water on a duck's back.
I'll bet it will.
I'll go to that place that only charges 68%.
Listen to more show.
I want to be...
Bob.
Sit in my little tie.
I want to be Bob.
Think everything is a spy.
I want to be Jesus.
He always looks so sad.
Don't want to be Jesus.
He must have an awful dad.
I want to be Bob.
Tell everyone about the slack.
I want to be Bob.
Let every fucking pig kiss my crack.
I want to be Jesus.
I want to be Jesus.
I want to be no slave.
Don't want to be Jesus.
He shouldn't stay for his claim.
I want to be Bob.
Everything is so clear.
I want to be Bob.
He shouldn't even dream anything.
I want to be Jesus.
I want to carry no cross.
Don't want to be Jesus.
Don't want to speak for no cause.
I want to be Bob.
Never have to work a day.
I want to be Bob.
I want to be Bob.

All eternity's a play.
I want to be Jesus.
Always trying to figure things out.
Don't want to be Jesus.
Who needs all them fucking cosmic doubts.
I want to be Bob.
Yeah, I want to be Bob.
I want to be Bob.
I'd even like it if he died.
Ha ha ha.
Woo hoo.
Rick's the Dick.
He could any day.
I've been lost my master but you guys told me to leave.
But you know what they say a solid place gets better than nothing, nothing pokes in it, and nothing can catch me sometimes.
You say by your name.

In my head.
Bring on the Plexus Hustlers!
Well, this has been a pretty organized anarchy, hasn't it?
Friends, that's disgusting.
How come...
Well, no, I don't want to ask.
I remember one time Sterno, Pope Sterno, stood up here in X-Stage Life in 1998,
the conspiracies, 1998, and said,
why aren't you people out there in the field fucking?
Why aren't you all in one giant group?
This is disgusting.
Somebody said, why aren't you?
Friends, you know, sometimes we have to get real.
But I don't want to.
Fuck that shit.
Fuck that shit.
I was actually looking to see if there was anything really pithy.
Oh, yeah, there is actually.
There is actually something really pithy on here.
I have something important to say about magic and prayer and faith.
Friends, you know, most of us are not especially superstitious.
We've grown out of those silly old superstitions.
We just believe in J.R. Bob Dobbs and the arrival of the exes on July 5, 1998,
whenever that happens to come.
We don't believe in the silly religions, you know,
their silly evolution and creation crap.
We know.
We came from the Yetis test tubes and stupidly freed the humans
and interbred with them like fucking idiots.
And now, look, we're not doing what Sterno said.
And even he wasn't either.
But there is, there actually is magic, real live magic, I believe.
There is miracles happen.
Now, I don't mean the miracle of being on acid and looking at a piece of dirt.
And going, wow.
That's a miracle too.
I'm not putting it down.
I could go into this.
I have this whole rant about enlightenment, which I will spare you.
It's probably still on alt binary slack from the last devival.
But there is magic.
And there is incredible, wonderful magic.
And the magic is that so many people can believe such bullshit.
That in itself.
Is so, such beautiful magic.
The fact that they can believe is more important, is more weird to me than what they believe.
I studied kooks and crackpots just as I'm doing right now at this very moment.
And it's not, every one of them has some slightly different variation on their own,
that weird science fiction we call religion.
But there is the miracle of their belief.
And which can overpower sickness.
It really can.
And can kill an ox at ten miles away from jealousy.
If you are truly an attuned over man.
My friends, there is hope.
There is hope.
You could eventually become that over man.
As soon as those aliens get here and do all of our work for us.
That we do.



We have elected to take the easy way out.
Concentrated Guru Pee.
This is dried Guru Pee that we burn.
We burn this Guru Pee and it oxidizes into our mucous membranes.
And we imbibe the wisdom of the Gurus through this.
Is that what makes your nostril hairs grow?
Yeah.
Hey what are you doing?
Got a super bud?







That is the Har policial thing.
Is that a good thing?


the stick Survival.
You can say it all.


Sorry.
sir it's not like that.
Porta party
Super artsy
Porta party
My boss is gonna kill me
I always missed out on that stuff
I'm always repairing something
Or changing film
When all the fun stuff happens
Well, you were conveniently away
From the first aid area
I'm always out of film
When Bob shows up
Well, that's just
If I had more help
Then I could be there
When those saucers didn't
Yeah, you had plenty
Of exasperated help
There are people
Throwing flinging their arms
Screaming where is Stan
When we need him now
You're throwing away
Amputated arms and legs
Trying to figure out
What to do next
Calling, you know
Involving local community people
And yet
While we're under
State of orange alert
It was pretty weird
Weird indeed
My friends
Lonesome Cowboy Dave
And on the radio
Siniseasia
Show
With Dr. Sinister
Before that
Super orgy
Porno party
Is by
The Planet Smash
Smashers
And now
From 7X Day at Brushwood
A Pope S. Lilith
So, after all that
Are you guys up for a little song?
Yeah!
Okay, this one
Actually, I'm going to need
A little help from you guys
But don't worry
This is pretty easy
All I need you to do
Is to sing along
During, not during the chorus
But during the main part
I'll cue you
Ba dum bob
Ba dum bob
Ba dum bob
Ba dum bob
Ba dum bob
Ba dum bob
Ba dum bob
Here, you guys
Keep on going
Ba dum bob
Ba dum bob
The times they are changing
And things are getting grim
Oh, Bob
The X's are a missing
And our odds are getting slim
Oh, Bob
Sure, I could give up














and let my hopes go flat. I really got to ask you though, where's the slack in that?
Bob, ba dum, Bob, ba dum, Bob, ba dum, Bob. The pigs have us outnumbered. The conspiracy has won.
Uh-huh, uh-huh. We're in a losin' battle before the fight's begun. No fun.
Well, I could get suicidal and make my brains go splat, I really got to ask you though...
...where's the slack in that?
Bob, ba dum, Bob, ba dum, Bob, ba dum, Bob.
No matter the temptation, I don't care what they think.
I'd rather be subgenius than wind up pink.
Cause Bob so gives me gumption and Connie flips my crown.
And I'm not about to let them bastards get me down.
Da-dum-dum-dum.
I don't need to fight no battles or weigh down with chagrin.
No way, no how, as long as I have with me
Dob's everlasting grin.
And sure, I hate the normals, I got that all down pat.
But I'm not exactly looking for normal combat.
And I'm sick of preaching and chewing the fat.
I really got to tell you though,
mmm, slack is where it's at.
That's that.
That's it.
Woo!
Thank you everyone!
Urdu.
When they retranslate the Urdu back to English, it just leaves something out and it looks so funny.
Then we also viewed Director Stang's new film, Dob's Edeliastisies.
And, uh...
Which I have a copy of ready for the next subgenius.
And when that tricycle quad comes after you, you know what'll happen.
And bug porn is also showing.
Bug porn.
Which is sort of a remake of the reproduction cycle movie.
And an excellent, excellent, funny, funny movie.
And excellent taste too.
See, now we should have a subgenius film festival where everything shown would be subgenius.
Right, right. Instead of nothing that we show being subgenius, everything we show will be subgenius.
And it continues to rain.
Oop, okay, there we go.
So I have my screen ready, my projector, my... Everything's ready.
Where are we gonna do this subgenius film festival?

Tomorrow night?
Tomorrow night? Well, where though?
At your house?
At Ginger's house.
They have a backyard.
You can always see the neighbors peeking through the fence at your favorite stuff.
Jim neighbors and others peering over the fence can disconcert you.
Golly!
You're trying to do something and these geeks are gawking over the fence at you.
And laughing in an unseemly way.
Gawking and leering and frottering, frittering away.
It's because as X-Day gets closer and closer, people don't worry about the social normay.
They just want to be in the same place.
But we got past X-Day once again.
And there goes Mr. Hamilton and there goes Mr. Burr.
You're getting further away.
So we're safe for at least another year.
I guess so.
We have to go back in time now, folks.
It's 420 all over again.
That background music, friends, that I've been using is from a band called Felonious Bosch.
And you can get more information about them from www.feloniousbosh.com.

F-N-B-O-S-H dot com.
B-O-S-C-H.
F-N-B-O-S-C-H dot com.
Felonious Bosch.
Great.
You'll be hearing more about them.
And friends, we're at the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
Let me give you a post office box.
This time let's use Cleveland Heights P.O. Box.
Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
44118.
All right.
We're going to start the show.
And as always, check out subgenius.com.
Share the load.
The load.
The drugs I took seem to light up my brain.
My mind is not my mind.
One look at them will tell you more than a thousand words of mine.
Come on you poor ass singers and your big dick sling.
into chocolate.
It's about the exact buy-you-dentДаe.
R-O.
B-O- Nu-ue,
D-e-N...
Ciao, ciao, ciao, ciao.
My mind is not my mind.
My mind is not my mind.
