You're being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
We will control the horizontal.
We will control the vertical.
Well, we take our initiates and we string a little tendon between their heels
and drag them three times around the radio station before beginning.
Then we dip them in the sacred waters of the slot.
And what exactly does this do for them?
Well, it causes them to forget everything they've learned
and it prepares their mind for the slate-like impression,
the imprinting of the true subgenius.
For the next hour, sit quietly and we will control all that you see and hear.
You have to turn on the machine.
This is Radio Yerevan.
Wake up, puppet boy!
We are conscious of our responsibility and obligation to provide programs
which will be enjoyable, entertaining, and tasteful.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
Copyright 1986 by the Subgenius Foundation.
All participants.
And now you are ready for the final 200,000 mile voyage to the moon.
We subjected it to careful editing
to eliminate elements which we might consider in questionable taste
for late night viewing.
As it will be shown, it is well within the restrictions of the television code
which is even more restrictive and stringent in many areas
than the industry code.
We are sensitive to the concerns which prompted your letter
and assure you that this network will continue to adhere
to the high standards we have maintained throughout the years.
Thank you.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to the inner soul.
What?
Welcome potential initiates, and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Bible prophecy is a very, very important subject for every Christian
to study to help you better understand current events.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.






in perspective and most importantly to help you have that inner peace of
knowing that God is on his throne and in control
okay your code number once more
237
237 and you're calling from Dallas
okay thank you
hi you're on hotline
yes my code number
is
237
amen
we're living in terrible
perilous
chaotic times
praise the lord
and these times are not going to get
any better my friend
amen they're going to get worse
and worse
we don't care what
mama don't allow
any how
mama don't allow
peace
peace
peace
peace








paralegals
place
peace

Tow Georg мощ
名
perquè



care
you digestion
and miscarriage
waves
eight
seven
six
and thousands and thousands of cancers and birth deformities and miscarriages and awful health
problems both sides will be destroyed regardless of who starts it the minute you have another war
there's not going to be any war left i don't think if you're going to blow one another pieces
peace on earth peace on earth peace on earth
purity of essence i give my vote for jesus and i thank god for you and brother robertson
because in this day and time we don't know what we're gonna come to are you familiar with the
government prepared cancer maps there's not gonna be anything left for the kids i mean there's not
gonna be a world left and we're all gonna end up digging our own holes as soon as we dig them
there's not gonna be anything left for the kids i mean there's not gonna be a world left and we're
gonna fall in on it i don't think anybody would know what to do even possibly the president
is it possible that the end of the world will come in july 1999 perhaps in the form of an atomic
holocaust such a forewarning of ultimate doom could generally be dismissed out of hand the
white house will confirm an order to use the atom bomb and our first target will be the initial
landing place for the atomic bomb
capital
they're gonna get out of ЛАЙбАРВАР

sending health safely
DW mcdonough
thank you for watching
There was no actual loss of life in the sense we know it.
Still, the vicious destruction of Western Luddys by this sneak attack by Asian robots...
What you see is what you get.
What you get, what you get.
What the hell do you expect?
What you expect, what you expect.
Pretty red roses.
White puppy noses.
Man of proper hoses is what I get.
Oh, what you see, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, it's not always what you get.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
The strange worshippers pull at their faces.
Despite himself, a strangled cry escapes Brent.
Ah!
As he sees the ghastly heritage of atomic radiation.
The bomb is indeed their maker.
Hey, Tony, let's have some.
Get me out of here.
Get me out of here.
Going to be hiding this stuff underground.
I personally feel that the President of the United States
is evading the issue of hazardous waste in America today.
He's with Wonder Woman and her incredible powers of strength and agility.
At six, it's Kirk Spock and the crew of the Starship Enterprise.
The only cult they want to talk about is the subgenius foundation,
the church of the subgenius,
and the only reason they talk about it is for the money.
We're going to go to the phones right now.
Good evening.
You're on KFJZ with Mr. Opinion and Dr. Philo Drummond
and the Reverend Arnold Stang, Ivan Stang.
I have a question for Mr. Drummond.
Yes, go ahead.
Are you Mr. Drummond?
That's right.
I'm calling from Dallas.
What's your question?
Well, do you work on spiritual problems or do you just work on wallets?
We will help you out spiritually.
Of course, it helps if we can.
We have some financial assistance.
We sell $10 members.
And this is KNO and 90.9 in Dallas, Texas.
That's K-N-O-N, 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
The voice of the Yetis.
But there's absolutely no truth to the rumor that members of the church
need passes from Dobbs Committee in order to,
you know, urinate.
We do have permission to urinate at any time.
Not like asked in those other groups where you have to ask permission to go to the restroom.
Subgeniuses can go to the restroom whenever they want.
It's always that mighty time.
They don't even, you know, they don't even have to go to the restroom.
That's not a message from Bob, is it?
Well, in 1987, Orson Welles will come on the radio and tell people that the aliens are landing.
But this time, no one will believe him.
But it will be true.
Laser beams shaped like vampires with glow-in-the-dark brains.
I seen a vision, ma'am.
So play your cards right.
Yes.
Are you confused?
I'm not.
Heads up.
Look out below.
There will be plenty of distractions to take your minds off the real problem as the time
of P draws to its final close.
For instance, beware.
The fake God Junior, the anti-Bob, will come before long.
Bullets cannot stop him.
He's one of the deceptively human-looking advanced supersonic Nazi hell creatures from
beneath the hollow earth.
Parasites of the Elder Gods.
But most people will think he's the second coming.
And his alien hynie will be killed.
Just all the way to world dictatorship and beyond.
Perhaps you've been deceived by evangelists masquerading as angels of light.
He's gone.
And the world is waiting for who?
Well, the world's not in believers entirely.
They're waiting for the anti-Christ.
They don't know they are.
But who's going to come in ten days but the one who says to Israel, you need protection.
As we said, have made the club.
And...

Hi.
May I speak to Reverend Stang?
Oh, yeah.
You got me?
Reverend Stang?
Right.
Yeah.
I called to ask, as far as your belief is concerned, are you a Christian and do you
believe in God and the Bible?
We believe in everything.
You do?
Mm-hmm.
The reason I asked is I was intrigued by what you brought out about using the word conspiracy.
And I was wondering if you believed in the Bible.




And the fact that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And do you believe that he still has a true pop in these last days as he did in the Moses
and Elijah?
Well, I'll tell you what.
We've been, in the course of our research, we've been getting a whole lot of stuff in
the mail about the second coming.
A lot of other cults are talking about the second coming and how Jesus is going to come
back, or sometimes it goes by other names, that Christ is going to come back.
And our main, the main thing that the Subgenius Foundation has to say about that is beware
of cheap imitations.
There are a lot of false prophets running around right now.
And a lot of people that are, in the next 20 or 30 years, there are going to be a lot
of people trying to convince you that they are Jesus back on earth.
Oh, yes.
I've, as a born-again Christian, I've seen that coming.

The Spirit, too.
I know exactly what you're talking about.
I'll make a peace agreement.
I'm convinced the only reason America still stands is there's a remnant of Christians
who are still praying for a spiritual awakening in this country.
The church of the living God is preaching and believing and looking for the coming of
Jesus Christ.
There is a way out.
Kill Bob.
Yes, sirree, Bob.
Yes.
Get down.
We're going to beat down the tongues.
You're going to beat down the tongues of those if their tongue offendeth thee.
Rip it out.
Rip it out.
That is what I say.
Hi, it's Pastor Naked here.
And we've got Dr. Chaos with us.
Doc has got a prepared statement he's going to read to you in just a moment.
Also, we'd like to, everybody out there in radio land, we'd like to thank you for coming
tonight.
We've got a special guest tonight.
We're going to be doing our Men In Black special next weekend.
We've got a special guest tonight.

The Hour of Slack Radio Ministry is on the air, only the truth, only on KNON, only in
Dallas.
You get the truth about the Men In Black on the radio.
By the way, you can call us to share your personal problems with us and maybe get a
healing.
828-9500 is the number.


You can call or you can call the classic number, 823-7490.
The rest of them are back in the toilet where they belong.
The rest of the numbers are all gone.
And we'd like to hear from you if you've got personal problems.
You'll get to talk to a minister and maybe we'll even put you on the air with us.
So you just hold onto those phones.
We'll get to you.
We'll get to you.
I see them all lighting up now.
A lot of folks want to talk to a minister off the air.
Well, we'll just talk to you folks and see what you all got to say and we'll be back
with Dr. Chaos and hear a little more tape right now.
Some take the Bible for all it's worth When it says that the meek shall in heaven
be heard Well, I heard that some sheik has bought
New Jersey last week And you suckers ain't getting nothing
You suckers ain't getting nothing You suckers ain't getting nothing
through a


Is HariRama really wrong If you wander around
With a napkin all You look Mellow to stiff
And your hair is all gone
The king shall inherit Milton Então voce é Strada sobre isso
Seu K Ledford Não tem período Ninguém vai seguir
a fun deal and you're up against the wall, well, people, you ain't even got no kind of
deal at all.
Because what they do in Washington, it just takes care of the number one, the number one.
And you, you ain't even number two.
Well, Jesus freaks, well, they're friendly, but the shit they believe has got their minds
for sure.
And they don't.
Even care when the church takes a cut.
Ain't it bleak when you got so much nothing?
So what do you do?
Hey, eat that pork, eat that ham, laugh till you choke on Billy Graham, Moses, Aaron, and
Abraham.
They're all a waste of time, and it's your ass that's on the line.
It's your ass that's on the line.
Do what you want, do what you will.
Just don't mess up your neighbor's bill.
And when you pay the bill, kindly leave a little tip and help the next person.
They got theirところ.
It's one day change.
Some take organize!
Luo Lu
When the chart paper read.
Oh, give me half a dozen for the hotel room.
Wei!
Do what you got to do with your life!
Like me or leave me here.
Right!

Steal everything else!
We are where we're from.
We should have noticed by now our behavior is dumb.
And if our chances expect to improve, it's going to take a lot more than trying to remove
the other race or the other whatever from the face of the planet altogether.
And it's all the earth, which is a dumb thing.
But the thing that really does mean the same, we are dumb all over.
Dumb all over.
Yes, we are.
Dumb all over.
Here and far.
Dumb all over.
Black and white.
People's leaders not real tight.
Oh!
And don't tell them, don't tell the white villages fanatics of the air.
And the night's saying the Bible tells the story.
And makes the details sound real boring about what to do.
If the geeks over there don't believe in the book of income over here,
you can't run a race without no feet.
And for this.
There won't be no street for dummies to jog on or doggies to dog on.
Religious fapics can make it be all the one.
I mean, it won't blow up and disappear.
It'll just look ugly for a thousand years.
You can't run a country by a book of religion.
Not by a heat or a love or a smidgen of foolish rules of ancient date.
Designed to make you all feel great while your bones tend to mutilate.
Those unbelievers from a neighboring state.
Two arms, two arms.
Hooray, that's great.
Two legs ain't bad unless there's a great bishop of hearts to mama in.
For souvenirs, two years.
Get down.
Not his, not hers, but one day.
The good book says it's gonna be that way.
But their book says, not revenge.
The book says,
With whips and chains and hand grenades.
Two arms, two arms.
And with another and another.
Our God says there ain't no other.
Our God says it's all okay.
Our God says this is the way.
It says in the book, burn and destroy.
And revenge and redeem and revenge and deploy.
And rumble the earth to the land of the unbelief.
Scum on the other side.
Cause they don't go for what's in the book and that makes them mad.
So verily we must chop them up.
And stomp on them down.
We'll rent a nice French farm.
To pull them out of existence.
While we leave their real estate just where we need it.
To use again for temples in which to praise.
Our God.
Cause he can really take care of business.
And wear his humble TV suit.
With humble white hair and humble glasses.
And a nice brown suit.
And maybe a blonde wife who takes phone calls.
Tells us our God says it's okay to do this stuff.
And we gotta do it.
Cause if we don't do it, we ain't one of many men.
Depending on which book you're using at the time.
Can use theirs.
It don't work.
It's all lies.
Gonna use mine.
Leave that right.
That's what they say.
Every night.
Every day.
And we can't really be dumb.
If we're just following God's orders.
Let's get serious.
God knows what he's doing.
He wrote this book here.
And the book says.
He made us all to be just like him.
So if we're dumb.
Then God is dumb.
And maybe even a little ugly on the side.
We're just like him.









They're dumb.
We're dumb.
They're just dumb.


Not the only dumb.
But many different dumb.
They're dumb.
No doubt.
Plus a little old man.
It's then a little ugly of a side.
They're dumb.
But we're special.
We'll tell us very soon.


Just a little too old.
I mean two or three years.

We're young to say I rudiment each other.




And I know how to raise my kids.
I guess most of it had been uttered time and time again
to the faithful remnant of the Church of the Cross in slackness.
He'd gotten the children of Cain and the cavemen and the mammoths and the megatheria
and the dinosaurs all jumbled up in the wildest confusion.
It was a storm of nonsense, but yet, you know?
Dobbs regarded the Bay of Loch Ness in silence for a few moments, and out of it all came
a suggestion.
The Bay of Loch Ness.
And dear friend, we want to know what your suggestion is.
Dumb all over and a little ugly on the side.
Ah, yes.
There's so many callers out there demanding a healing or demanding answers or demanding
something, but friends, what about what you owe Bob?
Listen to those screaming.
Those are their electronic screams.
Those little beeps you heard.
Those little sounds you heard in the background.
Those are their sad pleadings.
Yeah, the lost souls.
The subgenius out there.
This is the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack, friends.
The hour of prophecy for those of you lost wandering souls out there trying to get them
just a bite of slack, just a taste, if only just a taste for a few seconds.
Friends, we're going to try to deliver.
We're going to get them to the church.

We're going to get one of these obnoxious things going here.
Yeah, please do.
Okay, we're going to hail from Dilbert from Fort Worth.
Oh, please don't do that yet.
Hello, Dilbert.
What's happening, Reverend Buck?
Oh, nothing special.
Just a little soul saving in the late, late evening when all my friends are asleep.
Ah, they should be awake, Reverend Buck.
We all need slack tonight.
I know it.
I know it.
We listen to your radio program religiously in Fort Worth.
We have slack on Sunday nights over here because of you.
You get it all the way over there in Fort Worth?
Well, we have to hold on to the FM antenna.
So we need to raise more money for KNON so we can get a stronger signal over here.
Well, you know.
If you hold your hand in your lap, friends, you'll get a much better signal, too.
If it wasn't for gangs like Dilbert's, we wouldn't have much for the KNON radio ministry.
In fact, you know, I'm not going to be doing that.



I'm going to be doing it for the KNON radio ministry.
The world's one true religion might be dead on the air, except for people like Dilbert.
Dilbert, I'm sorry.
Dilbert, you pledged.
Yes, and my brother, Lug, who is also of the Church of the Subgenius and on the phone with
me, he pledged last week.
Yes, praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob Dobbs.
Praise Bob.
Hallelujah, Bob.
Oh, the smiling face.
Bob's smiling now.
All you people in Fort Worth, all you weasels in Fort Worth who will not pledge to KNON,
you need to pledge to KNON.





I'm telling you, this is the brother Dilbert, and I'm a member of the Subgenius.
I am a subgenius.
Oh, praise Bob.
I hear him.
Oh, yes.
Help me.
I am a subgenius.
He is a subgenius.
He is, friends.
Can you hear the power coming out across the airwaves here on KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas?
Oh, yes.
I can feel the power.
Praise Bob Dobbs.
Praise Bob Dobbs.
All you people get over the phone.
KNON 90.9, Voice of the Yetis in Dallas.
We've got to have pledges from Fort Worth.
Now, Fort Worth, you have to stand up for the KNON.


You have to stand up and be counted for if you're subgenius.
We should have put him on the pledge drive.
Friends, are you abnormal?
If so, then you're probably better than most people.
We have got to help KNON and Reverend Buck Mechut.
He's got to stay on the air.
Hey, what about Reverend Ivan Stang, man?
All of you, every one.
And how about Dr. Chaos?
Yeah, what about KNON?
What about Philodromus?
They don't know who those people are.
Brother, brother, brother, brother, brother.
Brother, brother, brother, brother.




They can't talk to them on the air.
We have to have a say in the whole planet, friends.
World Slack is our goal.
And nothing short.
We need a concert for Slack.
Well, Dilbert, thanks for sharing your pledge of love with all of the Dallas-Fort Worth
area.
Reverend Buck.
Reverend Buck.

We need one true world religion.
Love ain't enough, dear friends.
Reverend Buck.
Reverend Buck.
It might be enough.
Yes, Dilbert.
Praise Dilbert.
What is it?
We need Reverend Buck.
I am willing to help sponsor the KNON.

I want to give you a number for a concert, and when I get off the air, I want to give
you a number where you can reach me.
Sounds dangerous.
We need to have a concert for Slack.
Slack 8.
For you.
For the radio program.
For you.
For the radio program.
For the radio program.
All right, well.
It keeps us all safe.
The rainwater had formed puddles around me.
I'll put you back on hold then if I can.
Put me back on hold and let me give you my number.
But Fort Worth, stand up and be counted for.
I know there's subgenius in Fort Worth.
I know Fort Worth needs work.
I know Fort Worth needs work.
Please, Buck.
The thing is, there are subgenius in Fort Worth.

There are subgeniuses everywhere.
There are subgeniuses in your pocket, my friend.
There are subgeniuses hiding in your headphones.
Okay.
They're between the two headphones, friends.
Thousands of subgeniuses live in the space between your headphones.
The lifetimes of a million born and killed again subgeni live inside your head.
You can bring these forces out one at a time and make money off of these through the sacred
super science of Bob Dobbs Telecom.
Telecosmic astrochemistry.
That's right, friends.
Hello?
By listening to this station for hours and hours and hours and by praying to Bob and
saying his name and the word slack over and over again.
Mr. Peepy, come in.
Mr. Peepy.
You, you, you out there, yes?
You poor simpleton listening.
You and you geniuses.
You poor wretched devils.
Those of you who thought you were smart.
What are you going to do?
Mr. Peepy.
When the whip comes down.
What are you going to do when the whip comes down, buddy?
What are you going to do, baby, when that white hot flash of radiation gives you a
spanking?
Huh?
Are you going to jump out of your skin?
Are you going to kiss the ground praising Bob that finally the end has come and you
at least have that subgenius membership card in your pocket to protect you from the alien
gamma rays?
Oh, you're going to get a little bit of a shock.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
You're listening to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack on KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
I wonder what happened to Mr. Peepy.
His line is mysteriously totally jammed.
It's karma, baby.
I mean, I'm sorry, but that's...
When you see a solid light, you know it's just no good.
Kill him.
Kill him all.
That's the way I look at it.
You hear that?
Huh?
I ain't going to hear nothing.
Okay.
Well, Fishbowl...
Oh, I'd like to say something to the callers.
I don't know.
I guess that's fine.
Fishbowl and Peepy, you need to call back.
I don't know what's wrong with you guys.
You might as well hang on.
Thanks for calling.
Good luck.
Thank you.
Yep.
So long.
The program is brought to you in living color by the American Heart Association.






I'm going to get my course.
Ask your friendly cork dealer for a file cork today.
If you itch, you need soft and soothe.
Swimming, you know.
High temperature today, 100 degrees even.
That makes it the 63rd day this summer that we've been there.
Well, actually this year, because almost the entire...
And if weather conditions had been different, the toxic cloud release might have blown over
Manhattan.
It's scary.
It's damn scary, especially with the fact that I've got two kids.
You die normally.
You die with these chemicals.
What's it going to do?
XX helps keep you extra, extra dry.
Let your fears well up.
You have them.
Now don't deny them their chance to clean your soul.
Send a dollar to Bob Dobbs or die.
Know that within every man lies a little bit of a chance to clean your soul.














The world is a monster.
And the dogs.
And this monster may create a monster.
A Frankenstein monster to bring your realistic world crashing down around you.
Or a hideous religion made of the parts of dead religions dug up from their foul, shankered
graves and pieced together under these walls.

The unholy science.
The forbidden sciences of Bull Dada and of Bob Dobbs.
He who has lived among us and shall live again, my friends.
Bob shall come back.
And soon we will be hearing from the Pope of all New York, Reverend Dr. Dr. Mr. M.D.
David N. Meyer II in San Francisco.
But first...
You say it can't be true.
There are some 50,000 nuclear weapons in the world today.
I think we really need nuclear weapons because Russia and everybody else has got them.
Jesus began to give to them the signs of his coming and the end of the age.
And one of the signs he referred to was the abomination of desolation that was spoken
of by Daniel the prophet.
This happened in the early 20th century.
And it hasn't taken place yet.
Just don't buy your doomsday theories.
Well, you better buy them.
We are in worse shape from the point of view of our military preparedness than we were
on the 8th of December, 1941, the day after the Pearl Harbor attack.
The Russians got the definite advantage on us right now.
We need to show more strength.
We got to catch up or get ahead of them or we're dead meat.
Exactly as Noah getting into the ark triggered the deluge that destroyed the earth in his day.
And that it's very highly possible that when this all takes place that a great cataclysmic
judgment will do that very thing.
And we do not know that it wouldn't happen in 1982.
Boys and girls, we're going to shock the house with your brain and the world.
Bob is getting down with you here tonight.
Bob is getting down to help your plight.
Bob is coming here to ease your strife.
Come on, suckers, let Bob into your life.
Well, I'm MC Cleave.
I'm a master rapper.
I'm a master rapper.








I'm a dog like my mother's lips.
Got the clack.
Y'all sitting out saying, oh, woe is me.
Well, I'm here to tell you it ain't worth being.
The end times is here.
You're a pretty mad lad.
Time to make a pay for the past.
The world is going to have to go through a rebirth.
And that means paying the spaceship earth.
This will come from Planet X to remove from us the pay for sex.
In the meantime, we will have our say.
Get slack and fornicate every day.
Not the conspiracy on his ass.
Make your life a ass.
Take the money and get out of here.







Take your toes back to the hips.
Make the normal suckers fit.
Take the time to rape their minds.
Tell them to blow it out their behinds.
Take all their money, get what don't work, and continue to switch to the rebirth.
Who's gone?
He's gone.
Who's gone?
He's gone.
Who's gone?
He's gone.
Who's gone?
He's a
He's a dickhead
Slack master makes it damn faster
Than any other
Smoke through the bone
He's a one-of-a-kind
Stick it up your behind
If you wanna know the truth
Then that's a fact
Somebody scream
Give me more slack
Give me more slack
Do you like slack?
I like it
I say I love slack
I love it
Do you want slack?
I want it
Do you need slack?
I need it
Do you like Niki?
No
How about Anani?
No
What about Nunu?
No
Look out for Shaggy Dismal
Get down to program
Go
Ride, ride, Jehovah One
Do you like Trinaturalist?
No
Castle for a big nation
Illuminati
Get out my face
Shocker's a removal
Head of the world
I'm a golfer
Do you like Bob?
Yeah
Do you like Ivan Stack?
Yeah
Like Milo Drummond?
How about Buzzing Evidence?
Yeah
What about Doctors?
I like Bob
How about Passaport Niggas?
Do you money?
How about David and Maya?
Yeah
How about Paul Fabrici?
Yeah
St. Jane or Huxley?
Yeah
Got a big convenience
Yeah
How about Randy Gage?
Yeah
How about David and Filiber?
Yeah
How about Zach, Madison, Cleve, and the Spirited Sky?
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Well I'm Reverend Cleve
The bastard son of Blowfly
Dr. Rudy Graymore
And while my Steve Dolomite ain't the next
I know what's what
Babe, I like the shape and size of contour of your butt
So come on over here and give up the gas
Whip some skin on me, bitch
Oh, give me all of your cash
Return you wanted to worry about your soul
Cause when the exits come
You'll be right on my pole
To God's holy home
Hello
Good evening, my friends
This is the Reverend Dr. Sardonicus J. Chaos
I just wanted to talk to you a little bit
I want to talk about people being used
You've got to see the conspiracy as a user of people
Watch an angry man
An angry man
Notice how an invisible force
Uses and agitates his physical parts
His vocal cords send out snarling threats
His mouth twists weirdly
His eyes flash fire
His arms and body jerk violently
You are seeing conspiracy possession in action
The angry man has been taken over
He is used, controlled, tyrannized
Still believe that people are self-controlled?
Don't
Now I'll tell you what
You've got to think about how you use your mind
How would you describe your mental activities?
One man described his mind as a zoo
Gone mad with shrieking and clawing beasts
He was describing his sudden explosions of worry and frustration
A bored and unhappy person is always looking for an excuse for his own self-interest


When he has the Contentment,
That's when one wants to act tough
And he looks to this Belle
To exasperate himself
The human- ré kontrollant
It's aways easy to fail




He then،


Oh yes friends and what we heard a little while ago was a slack master
cleave and the spurious jive doing that great subgenius rap song welcome to the
end times. Reverend Cleave is also the madman that did the bozo nose rap that
we heard last last week with the Egyptian reggae. I know that you all are
big fans of the bozo nose out there in subgenius land at least those of you
who know what I'm talking about. But in 1961 Jones had a vision that
Indianapolis was going to be consumed in a holocaust. Fortunately he'd also found
an article in Esquire magazine about the nine safest places in the world to hide.
That was when he bought the property in Guyana.
Yes friends and this let's let's go in
to the end times.
We're deep into an actual recording of a real subgenius revival now.
This is a devival that is friends a devival. This is to devangelize you.
It depends on how you come out of it. It depends on whether you come out with your
legs or not. This is Pope David N. Meyer the slickest of all the subgenius
preachers with his choir the zombies for Bob choir in San Francisco.
Devangelism.
A bit more serious.
I want to talk about this supposed death of Bob.
So you'll notice that the seance a little earlier the Pope of all New York was not in
attendance. Ask me why that was.
Ask me why that was.
Ask me why that was.
Children the answer is simple because children are not the only ones who are not the only
ones who are not the only ones who are not the only ones who are not entirely unlike Paul
McCartney is alive.
Children they would have you believe they would have you believe children that last
year in this wonderful city of San Francisco that J.R. Bob Dobbs actually came here for
a revival.
Children that's very flattering to you the audience and of course it is.

It makes all of us feel good.
But let's face facts about corporate America.
Children how is corporate America composed?
Why you all know it's composed in a pyramid.
Yes it's composed in a pyramid children.
And Lee Iacocca sits at the top and the man busting rivets on the assembly line sits at
the bottom.
We are not unlike that man busting rivets in the great pyramid of the church of the
subgenius.
Now I ask you children.
Let's try to find an apt.
I'm not going to be a genius.
I'm going to be a subgenius.
Let's find an apt analogy.
The subgenius analogy test tonight.
Let's find an apt analogy for the revival last year.
Couldn't we liken it to really.
When you consider that Bob has to go all around the universe.
He has many things to do.
Many planets to look after.
Many deals to settle.
Really that revival was more or less like a meeting of junior salesmen in Dubuque Iowa.
Now children do you believe for one minute Lee Iacocca would come to that meeting of
salesmen.
What?
Say no.
No.
Say no.
No.
Say no.
No.
God damn it.
That's right children.
He wouldn't come and I believe that neither would the real Bob Dobbs come here.
No offense men to you.
You're a fine audience and we are indeed fine preachers but we're Bob's foot soldiers and
Bob has better things to do.
Now then children.
If Bob sent one of his many android doubles here.
if Bob was elsewhere, if the android double was shot, then Bob must be alive, children.
He must be alive.
And that's why I say to you, children, to close the first part of my sermon,
if your Bob is dead, try mine.
And now, children, the lovely left coast jaded heart and crow all zombie choir for Bob
is going to treat you with a wonderful song, and I'll be back for part two of my sermon.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Listen to that all-star song.

All-star zombies for Bob choir.
Now, friends, we have a devival coming up here in Dallas, Texas.
That's right, dear friends.
Yes, a real devival, and we can talk about it on the air because it's no charge by that time of night.
We're talking about it at the Fantasy Fair, friends, twice a year.
The science fiction and comics and crazy, weird movie fans.
Have these enormous conventions.
If you've never been to one, you might want to check it out just for the convention itself.
But that's right, friends.
We're doing a small-scale devival.
We're going to try to save some souls, destroy some pink ones, destroy a few unbelievers, perhaps.
But, friends, let me tell you when and where that devival is.
Now, Bob, don't laugh at us.
Please.
This is him.
Listen to Bob cackling away.
Friends, it's at the Marriott Park Central.
Yes, the Marriott Park Central at Coit and LBJ this Saturday night at 11.30.
No, 11 o'clock.
I'm sorry.
That's 11 o'clock p.m. this Saturday, July 5th.
The Marriott Hotel at the corner of Coit and LBJ, dear friends.
The subgenius.
The subgenius devival where Pastor Naked, myself, and I'm sure Dr. Chaos and Bob only knows what other creatures will come crawling out of the woodwork to preach to those unsaved and perhaps unsavable nerdly science fiction fans and poor comics fans who barely, you know, they've heard of Bob.
They may even wear Bob t-shirts, but it ain't the same.
That's right.
Yeah.
You know, well, we've got a caller who's going to ask us a few of those things.
I'd like to say to our listening audience, though, that I won't be there.
Yes, my dad's going to be in town.
My genetically identical dad is going to be in town that very night, and we're going to be partying at the Hyatt all night.
So a little false slack for us.
But anyway, we're going to now go to a phone call.
Here we go.
And we'll just say this guy.
Oops.
I thought we were, but he just hung up.
I guess he his tongue froze.
I guess this is a good time, however, to tell you all to call us at 828-9500.
You could get on the air fairly quick.
Also, to tell you that the address of the subgenius foundation, we're going to send you a free information pack on the Church of the Subgenius.
I just had a I just had a Bob had a fan.
At least a couple.
I just had a real Yeti game.
I'll give me a call right just now and say, Pastor naked.
How can I find out about Bob and who is Bob?
Well, the way to explain all this without boring all these died in the wool subgenie who are so sob's they're sick of Bob.
We're just going to send you the information that you want for free.
Right to this address.
Post Office Box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
And let me repeat it once again, because I know you want it.
Post Office Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
This is a great chance for all you.
Give me Bob's out there to get something for Bob for nothing.
Now, I mean, I don't I don't know if you know what a gimme Bob is, but believe me, I gave Bob is the biggest curse on the subgenius church.
But never mind all that.
We're going to give you the first hit is free.
Let's see who's on the phone here.
Who is this?
I am on the air.
Oh, yes, sort of.
I'm afraid this is this phone calling again.
Oh, fish.
I didn't cosmic radio.
I'm sorry.









That's right.

I don't have any ways to keep cutting me off.
Well, listen, I'd like to ask a few questions on the air for the benefit.
OK, well, let's let's speed it up and go for it.
Right.
First of all, what exactly is flack?
And how can I get more?
OK, how you can get more?
That's a great way to ask.
Because slack is a quant.
It is a how much slack isn't?
What?
It's a how much slack is?
The sort of a distance or two actual physical property of how long it takes before the conspiracy jerks in your your chain and you stand up straight with your back.
I'm sorry.
and add attention and all that.
So slack is sort of a lack of tension in your life,
and it's the ability of you to not serve the conspiracy.
Whatever little tiny bit of ability you've got not to serve the conspiracy, that's slack.
You know, there just ain't enough slack.
One other thing.
I have a picture of Uncle Sam that says,
I want you to examine your Series E bonds, and that made me wonder,
what can I do to help do my part for Bob?
Well, you can, I'll tell you what, you can tithe the church.
I don't think that that's too strong of a statement.
You can tithe the church.
Yeah, and we don't ask for all worldly goods, friends.
I mean, some of these other religions might ask for all worldly goods.
We only want about 50%, about 20%, 10% of your income,
a little link off the bottom of your spinal cord, one or two vertebrae.
And, friend, the way to serve Bob is to feel Bob.
Stop working through you and just do whatever you think Bob wants you to do.
Don't do what we tell you to do.
Don't suck on the finger.
Go where the finger's pointing, my friend.
Right, and another thing, Fishbowl, is don't make the mistake that some of these Bobbies have made,
because if you want to bow down to Bob, the best thing to do is just to bend over.
So, now, anything else?
There's one other thing.
Okay, one more.
I'm listening to your show on a hi-fi stereo system.
And I was wondering just how that could be hazardous to my health.
How can it be hazardous to your health?
The conspiracy allows radioactivity to emit from that stereo at astonishing quantities, Fishbowl.
And, you know, what you need to do is not to wear those lead-lined pants that they sell in Sears now.
Don't mess with those, friend.
What you should do is sit right by your stereo with your legs wide open and mutate as fast as you can.
Let's contaminate that gene pool.
All the further.
We need to mutate faster and faster.
More subgeni.
Because the only way the subgeni are going to get out of our human breeding, the tainted seed.
The bondage.
The terrible bondage of this evil seed.
The tainted seed, because the subgeni mix their genes.
Remember, the Yetis.
We are the Yetis.
We're not the humans.
We're the Yetis.
We're the other kind of person.
You need to...
The others.
You need to burn out the human side of your genetic structure.
Oh, yeah.
And kill it.
Kill it.
Burn it.
Burn it with fire.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
And that opened up a line, and we're going to go right to another line.
What the heck?
Hello, hello, hello.
What?
What?
You're on the air, son.
I thought...
Oh, they're shaking me out there.
Who cares?
Afraid.
Hello, you on the air?
Pitiful things.
Have I got anybody?
All right.
Let's see what I got left.
Hello, you want to be on the air?
Yeah.
Well, give it to me.
You detected W.A. this particle.
Hello?
Hello?
Yeah, talk.
You know?
Talk?
You remember how to talk?
No.
Okay.
That opened up a line.
Hello?
You want to talk?
It's been a long time.
You've got squish all over you.
What?
I can't hear you, man.
You can't hear me.
Why not?
I don't know.
I wasn't listening.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Well, I just wanted to ask a couple of questions.
Okay.
Well, go ahead.
Fire away, dude.
First of all, where and when is the revival again for...
Okay.
We'll repeat that at the end of the show.
Anything else?
Yeah.
I'm with Tom Franco with Bohemians against Bocconzi.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was listening to your tape.
You know, I sent that one to Malaysia.
We're going to play it whenever we find the exact right spot.
It's tough to find, but we're going to get it.
Okay?
Okay.
Thanks.
Okay.
And that opened up a line.
Let me go ahead and talk about where that revival is.
Okay.
Well, let's go ahead and tell them.
Hello?
Yes, dear friend.
As you asked, that revival...
You want to go to this revival?
Hello?
Yes.
You want to go to the revival guy?
Yes.
Okay.
Tell them where to go, Stan.
Yeah.
My name is Bob.
My name is Bob.
I need to know where Bob is for one thing.
What about this?
You want to know what a...
Friend, you've got to look deep inside.
Just unbutton your pants.
Oh, all right.
And let yourself free and start to think the pure thoughts.
The pure thoughts.
I want to be Bob's girlfriend.
Wait, wait.
Okay, well, the Bob in your...
You're talking about Barbara.
Right.
The female essence of Bob.
The Bob in your pants should find the Yeti in hers.
Hell, yes.
And we're going to give the number again.
Listen, listen, guys.
Hey, listen.
Wait.
How about my Jimmy Hendrix?
Okay.
Hey, guys.
Praise Jimmy.
You want some free information on the church?
We're going to give...
God.
Yeah.
Listen to your radio.
We're going to give the address again for free information.
I don't want that church, man.
Oh, okay.
Well, great.
Well, you...
Obviously, this guy got the wrong...
The wrong...
Think of the eternity.
Tell him where to go to that thing again.
Okay, friends.
There's a subgenius devival.
Yes.
This Saturday night at 11 o'clock p.m.
And go until God only knows when.
At the Marriott Park Central.
Excuse me.
The Marriott Park Central at...
Coit and LBJ.
That's the Fantasy Fair.
And friends, if you bring that picture of Bob
or your subgenius membership card or your Bob button
while you can get in for free.
In fact, that's the only way you can get in.
So, that's the only way we can talk about it
on these shows supported by your donations.
Oh.
Yes, friends.
You know, these devivals are important to your Bob gland.
Your Bob gland's a rectangular gland in your foot.
You don't know about it, and yet it's more real
than anything else you've got.
It's more real than that job you've got
that you've got to get up in the morning
and go to tomorrow morning.
Hello?
Oh, we got to screw up.
Hello?
You want to talk?
Praise Bob.
Oh, yes.
It's a real subgenius name.
You guys.
I was wandering.
I was straying from the church.
Uh-oh.
That's okay.
I admit it.
I thought I had a mattress back.
But I was...
But I was...
I was wafted in the way.
But...
But tonight, I heard the radio ministry,
and it all came back to me in a big flash,
a big burst, a big explosion.
Praise be to both of you.
Oh, praise be to both of us.
Praise be.
That's right.
Yes, they...
And that opens up a line.
...worship our...
...pathetic...
Oh.
Oh, man.
We're going to have to sign off for the question.
Hello?
Is power of flagellation a sin?
No.
No, it's the best thing you can do, guy.
...is the only answer to your problems.
The only thing you can do to save your soul for sure is pyroflagellation,
and yet it's too hard for most of these.
Many hardly even believe that pyroflagellation even exists.
I think it's a wives' tale.
What do you got to say?
Hey, my bob won't get up, man.
What did I do?
What?
My bob won't get up.
What did I do?
Your bob won't get up?
Yeah.
Well, I don't care.
You got a bob in my pocket.
Yeah.
Oh, well, that opened up a...
Bob in my pocket.
Hello.
What about you?
I got a great big monster bob in my pocket.
Hey, Reverend Buck.
Yeah, hello.
Hey, what's going on?
This is a rapper in Fort Worth, and I heard the Reverend Dilbert,
and we really do need some slack here in Fort Worth.
You're going to get your share because we're planning a Fort Worth devolvel, son,
and we're just going to let you know as we go,
but I'm ready to work with Dilbert on that,
and Dilbert is fixing to become a saint in the church,
and I wouldn't kid about a thing like that.
That can be found in this mushy brown pie that's all over Fort Worth.
I think the people in Fort Worth need to know about this.
I think the people in Fort Worth are going to have their chance.
All right.
Thanks very much, Whopper and me.
Don't forget to call us back,
but right now we're running out of time, as you may have noticed.
That's right.
Okay.
Okay, slack.
A truly enlightened person can find slack
in the brown, squishy, smelly pies that cover the ground of Fort Worth.
Go to the stockyards and dive right in, friends,
and there ye shall find slack.
If butt you have...
All right.

...eyes to see, none are so blind, said Dr. Drummond,
as those who have no eyes.
Hello?
Hello?
Hey, that's it for the calls, man.
That's it for the calls.
We're moving out.
Right.
The world is equal proportions of bull's eyes and bull's shit.
They were bullish and they were foolish.
Now there's no one to listen when they talk.
Adam's been the same on the eve of destruction.
Not unlike the way we split our genes.
But like the way we split our genes, we split our world at the same.
Adam's been the same on the eve of destruction.
But like the way we split our genes, we't be there until the

But like the way we split our genes, we're seen again.

We're three times as old as fiction.

We're shot from 보고у

like our land, our air non-woven land.
American Rail is falling red,ガми Fr eagerly heights of flight,
wind blowing depths of my pathsं
Sonic que sweetheart is flying так high and at that moment,
doesn't seem like G.R. Williams live here.
While he dreamed his dream dreams, the memes to his dreams hit the scene.
Someone called his name, let me say.
Basic training in the ghetto, basic training in the ghetto.
Talk about your mama, you took it.
Yeah, there's the logic library.
Some of my best jokes are free.
Basic training in the ghetto, basic training in the ghetto.
Talk about your mama, you took it.
Yeah, there's the logic library.
Some of my best jokes are free.
Uh, yes, dear friend, sorry to leave George Clinton there.
We're gonna have to move out.
Oh, I don't know, maybe I will come to the Steve Ival.
It sounds so good.
Sounds so good. Isn't that Friday night you said?
That's Friday night, no, that's Saturday night at 11 o'clock.
Saturday night? Oh, I can't make you do that.
Saturday night, 11 o'clock at the Marriott Park Central Fantasy Fair.
The incredible weirdness bazaar, so to speak.
Hey, I'm gonna be at Wyandale's that night playing my own harp.
At Coit and LBJ, the Marriott at Coit and LBJ.
That's the same thing.
The church of the subgenius D. Vival, number 5006.
Or if you're a cheapskate, just come to Wyandale's and just listen to me play my own harp with all my weird friends.
Alright, and friends, that calls for a hideous death rattle of an end for the hour of slack.
Did you give them the address?
And if you want to write to the church of the subgenius for more information, friends, that sacred P.O. box number is Bob at P.O. Box 140.
1-4-0-3-0-6.
Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Give it to them again.
Yes, that's P.O. Box 140, 306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
That's all you get.
That's all you get P.O. Slacks over with.
We're history.
We're out of here.
I think I'll give you a call.
I'll call you back.
Okay, thanks.


Bye-bye.

Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.


Bye.










Bye.
Bye.
