Stuck in a nowhere job? Tired of rhetoric about privacy rights,
illegal seizure, or innocence until proven guilty?
Don't get PO'd, join the P-lease.
Yes, the P-lease, America's fastest growing organ of law enforcement.
In just one day, you'll become a highly trained urinalysis deputy,
empowered by law to make on-the-spot urine checks.
Watch the fun as you make them drop drawers and pee in a cup anywhere.
In crowded elevators, in church, or family barbecues.
If any testees have used illegal substances in the last six years, you'll know.
And as a P-lease deputy, you'll have the power to impound,
imprison, confiscate everything they own, including illegal substances.
So the next time you hear them say civil rights, don't get PO'd, join the P-lease.
Just send $2, cash, check, money order, or credit card to
Urine Trouble, One Vicious Circle, Utter Missouri 1330.
Act now while off or last and get the amazing little stoolie fecal sampler.
Don't get PO'd, join the P-lease.
You say the taxman just took away your barrel and your bleep is freezing in a high wind.
Your car just made a sound like a dying moose and came to a halt on the off ramp after spitting out a bucket of gear teeth.
Just finished knocking back your third bottle of NyQuil during the Ren and Stimpy Festival
and you feel like taking a whiz on the electric fence.
The aliens removed your brain for their pathology studies and you don't even care?
Well, my friend, you're ready for a big healthy dose of the Stimpy Festival.
The subgenius hour of slack.
No one knows how to put the m-huh back in Christmas like J.R. Bob Dobbs and his twisted henchman, the Reverend Ivan Stang.
Your good friends and prayer partners in your bid to secure your place in hell and stop worrying about all this unapproachable crapola.
So, refuse to take your medication for a week and tie yourself to the kitchen chair for the next neuron-poppin' episode of
The Subgenius Hour of Slack on that bastion of bogus southern hospitality, K-N-O-N, 89.3 FM in almighty Dallas, Texas.
Where the horses have silver wings, the whales have wings, and the birds have wings.
The girls all speak French and the politicians are honest.
Yeah, right, and Ross Perot's gonna pay off my student loan, too.
I mean, praise Bob!
Subgenius Hour of Slack
Have the technology, have the tapes.
Bob told me to make this. Not gonna resist.
And if during the proceedings a small chlorine-oxypropylene bag should drop down, open the receiving flap and inhale deeply.
Don't ask questions.
Prepare to have your mind scanned for possible bozosaurian traces.
Scanning now.
The only people here are people. They're the advanced techno-droids.
Techno-droids can't hold up much of a congressman.
The first of the subgenius.
For amusement they toss children into pits with hungry dogs.
Are we not, men?
We are the subgenius!
In nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus Sancti, Amen.
Nones. No sense of humour.
Continuing. Take notes if need be. Call for assistance. Operators are standing by. Forward when notified. Void where prohibited.
Visitors only. Ten minute parking. Do not fold, spindle or mutilate except in the presence of Krishna, Mohammed, Buddha, Jehovah, Vincent Price or Bob.
There's the only one.
He is the strongest of all the immortals. He is the perfect one.
We are incidentally guested this morning by a distinguished member of the clergy.
The Right Reverend Archbishop.
I am happy to say that I have received a vision from J.R. Dobbs that you have been promoted to Archbishop.
Praise Bob.
Oh God, that's news to me.
That's pretty exciting.
I was just a sacred scribe until half an hour ago.
Well, I guess being on this national broadcast has had a very good reaction.
We had a story yesterday that I'd like to get to the bottom of, frankly, about cow mutilation.
Now, these cows were suffering from having their udders removed.
Their peni were sliced off, surgically I might add.
With incredible surgical precision.
Yes, it was.
And the other thing that was reamed out was their rectum.
I have no idea why anyone, and I quote from the Bible to give some testimony to the fact that this is going.
The fire of God is on.
God is fallen from heaven and hath burned up the sheep and the servants and consumed them.
Am I only the escaped one alone to tell thee of?
That of course is Job chapter 1 verse 16.
Job.
Nowadays when you've got a stale economy you call them Job.
Job.
Cattle mutilations.
Can I give you some facts and see if you can verify these for me?
Oh, please do.
I am advised by a study done by my research director, Rob Robbie.
A tiny percentage are done by miscellaneous small cults like Satanists and the Davidians, bikers, etc.
About 10% are done by one major Odinist right wing Christian cult composed mostly of Texas oil millionaires who are essentially seeking, I guess, a ritualistic way of curing their impotence.
Now you know what Ross Perot does in his spare time.
Cattle mutilations.
Yeah, well he's got the silent choppers and, you know, all the equipment.
Well, I guess you really need it.
And the motivation.
I am advised, sir, and I am glad I have you face to face because I don't like to back down from these types of confrontations, but I am advised that a great deal of subgeniuses, part of your church, all right, fresh from Dobstown on their first initiation test,
are involved in these things.
And that they are not doing these mutilations and that it's not done as a test of their mettle.
It's a scientific fact that the only proper way, well, to define the future is by reading fresh animal bowels.
Well, I'm sorry.
This is a serious matter.
Hey, it's right there in Book of the Subgenius.
It says so right there in Black and White.
It does say that then.
Then you have admitted to that.
Well, sure.
I mean, you haven't lived until you've gone out on a nice little cattle mutilation initiation hunt.
Probably the largest and most ruthless gang of saboteurs in this country.
I know.
For six months they thought I was one of them.
For all the lawyers, doctors, ex-wives, and all the other gold diggers out there.
What is it, man?
Oh, and let them die with dignity.
Why, you.
You dirty.
But, boss, but, but, but, but.
Isn't it wonderful what you can do with some wire and a few electric bulbs?
A little child looks up at me, sometimes with their eyes open.
You know, right about 500 grams is when their eyes begin to open.
A half staff turns to me and says, Dr. Forroth, what do we do?
I didn't come in here with three points and a poem today.
I could care less whether you think I can preach a lick or not.
You understand that?
All I care about is saying, Thus saith the Spirit of God.
All I care about is getting in the mountain and standing behind that desk with lips anointed from coals off the fire, ready to declare the word of the living God.
And I'm ready.
They were red as crimson, now they're white as wool.
You don't have to encourage somebody that knew they were a dirty rotten hunk of stink and sinful flesh.
No matter how you slice it up, no matter how you dice it out, it's still another eucystic, if it feels good to do it, anything goes, drug-induced hallucinogenic experience.
Well, we're speaking now, of course, as you know, with Father Joe Mama, who is at the end of the Democratic Convention parties.
We're looking down on the floor.
You can see at the subgenius convention just what happened.
We heard the news about Jesus and the handgun.
We'll be going to descriptions of that soon.
We just wondered what you saw from where you were.
Well, I felt that the proceedings were very interesting from an academic standpoint, of course.
I can say that without any hesitation.
That is, without any hesitation.
That the chaos that ensued was typical of that.
It was involving any sort of political assassination.
I personally think Jesus is a papsy.
Yeah.
He, uh, this magic bullet theory.
Yeah, me too.
The magic splinter theory also.
There are all these theories.
They're just theories.
Well, I mean, you know, I mean, they'd only try to, only Jesus would be accused of being able to kill a man with one bullet with three different entry rules.
I mean, you know, what do they think this guy is?
Some sort of God?
I mean, let's get real.
I believe we got a whole lot of folks sitting in church think they're saved that aren't.
That's the reason we got to hire 14 more preachers to counsel them all day long.
Shout now!
Shout now!
Oh!
Brother Rod, don't put that condemnation on me.
Let's play God.
My dear young man, you know as well as I do that God is dying all over the world.
Man invented him but doesn't need him anymore.
Man is God now.
As a matter of fact, he always was.
Overpopulation, pollution, famine, nuclear holocaust, war.
This civilization is driving us into the sea of extinction.
The keynote is control.
That's the province of politicians, not scientists.
Yes, but we're the only ones who are trying to combat the problem now.
In 20 years' time, we will be in positions of power and then we'll be ready to act for the good of humanity.
Ah, just like the church of the subgenius, dear friends.
Ah.
Ah.
We've been, uh, enjoying media barrages here on the Hour of Slack from many of our friends,
starting with the P. Lise by Brain Rot Theater,
uh, the Hell Pope Huey's new contributions and promos,
Reverend Joe Riley's evil bulldada barrage,
and the barrages of Dr. Legume,
and, uh, KHSU subgenius show,
and good Reverend Morton Downey,
and a wonderful collection of Reverend Parsley
from our dear friend Reverend Uncle Jimmy,
as well as some KPFA Berkeley puzzling evidence and Papa Joe Mama,
and more of these things coming up.
Uh, friends,
uh, by the way,
as, uh, Vincent Price was just saying there,
we got an amazing document in the mail,
uh, a top, uh, a copy of what supposedly is top secret material,
a document called Silent Weapons for Quiet Wars,
a blueprint for your eventual enslavement.
And, uh, I, I don't want to say who sent this to us.
Of course, this could, I suppose, possibly, uh, be a hoax.
Uh, whoa.
Oh, I can't put, I can't use that tape, friends, that tape deck.
I'm gonna use this one up here.
Did you hear that, that noise that came in?
There's no telling what they were trying to do to us there with that one.
But, you know, as the preface to this thing says here,
conspiracy theories are not a thing.
They're not new in history.
For example, plots to kill Caesar and overthrow Rome abounded.
But there are many who go out of their way to ridicule and silence
those who today speak of conspiracies.
Why do you think they don't want people to think about conspiracies?
Seldom does hard evidence emerge that by its very content indicates
it serves as a blueprint for a conspiracy.
Yet the very nature and information in the top secret Silent Weapons for Quiet Wars
introductory programming manual reads like a government technical manual
from some secret group of think tank planners who have put many years of research
and development into creating a new science of social engineering
so they can better manipulate the masses.
This document was uncovered quite by accident on July 7th, 1986,
when an employee of Boeing Aircraft Company purchased a surplus IBM copier
for scrap parts at a sale.
And discovered inside details of a plan hatched in the embryonic days
of the Cold War which called for control of the masses through manipulation
of industry, people's pastimes, education and political leanings.
It called for a quiet revolution pitting brother against brother
and diverting the public's attention from what was really going on.
And friends, here are some of the excerpts from this amazing document.
Energy is recognized as the key to all activity on Earth.
Natural science is the study of the sources of control of natural energy
and social science, theoretically expressed as economics,
is the study of the sources and control of social energy.
All science is merely a means to an end.
The means is knowledge. The end is control.
Beyond this remains only one issue.
Who will be the beneficiary?
In 1954, this was the issue of primary concern.
Although the so-called moral issues were raised,
in view of the law of natural selection,
it was agreed that a nation or world of people who will not use their intelligence
are no better than animals,
animals who do not have intelligence.
Such people are beasts of burden and stakes on the table by choice and consent.
Consequently, in the interest of future world order, peace and tranquility,
it was decided to privately wage a quiet war against the American public
with an ultimate objective of permanently shifting the natural and social energy,
or wealth,
of the undisciplined and irresponsible many
into the hands of the self-disciplined, responsible and worthy few.
In order to implement this objective, it was necessary to create, secure and apply new weapons,
which, as it turned out, were a class of weapons so subtle and sophisticated
in their principle of operation and public appearance
as to earn for themselves the name of society.
In conclusion, the objective of economic research as conducted by the magnates of capital, banking,
and the industries of goods and services,
is the establishment of an economy which is totally predictable and manipulatable.
In order to achieve a totally predictable economy,
the lower class elements of society must be brought under total control.
i.e., must be housebroken, trained, and assigned a yoke,
and long-term social duties from a very early age,
before they have an opportunity to question the propriety of the matter.
In order to achieve such conformity,
the lower class family unit must be disintegrated by a process of increasing preoccupation of the parents
and the establishment of government-operated daycare centers.
The lower class must be given the highest education,
and the highest education must be given to the children of the lower class.
The quality of education given to the lower class must be of the poorest sort,
so that the mote of ignorance isolating the inferior class from the superior class
is and remains incomprehensible to the inferior class.
With such an initial handicap, even bright lower class individuals
will have little, if any, hope of extricating themselves
from their assigned lot in life.
This form of slavery is essential to maintaining some measure of social order,
peace, and tranquility for the ruling class.
The silent weapon shoots situations instead of bullets,
is propelled by data processing instead of chemical reactions,
originating from bits of data instead of grains of gunpowder,
from a computer instead of a gun,
operated by a computer programmer instead of a marksman,
and under the orders of a banking magnate instead of a military general.
The public cannot comprehend this weapon,
and therefore cannot believe that they are being attacked and subdued by a weapon.
The public might instinctively feel that something is wrong,
but because of the technical nature of the silent weapon,
cannot express their feeling in a rational way or handle the problem with intelligence.
Therefore, they do not know how to cry for help.
Ah yes, and then it goes on to describe the silent weapon, dear friends.
Mr. Rothschild's energy discovery,
apparent capital as a paper inductor and so forth,
and they use a sort of shock testing by which the prices of commodities are shocked
and the public consumer reaction is monitored.
The resulting echoes of the economic shock are interpreted theoretically by computers,
and the psycho-economic structure of the economy is thus discovered.
It is by this process that partial differential and difference matrix,
that define the family household,
make possible its evaluation as an economic industry,
or in other words the household as dissipative consumer structure.
Then the response of the household to future shocks can be predicted and manipulated,
and society becomes a real regulated animal
with its reins under the control of a sophisticated computer regulated society.
The social energy bookkeeping system.
Eventually, every individual element of the structure comes under computer control
through a knowledge of personal preferences,
such knowledge guaranteed by computer association of consumer preferences.
Through the universal product code, or UPC,
the zebra stripe pricing codes on packages,
with identified consumers,
identified via association with the use of a credit card,
and later a permanent tattooed body number invisible under normal ambient illumination.
The document, dear friends, then goes on to describe the formula
for the economic model of the silent weaponry,
with various diagrams of the three industrial classes,
and looks sort of almost electronic,
the way it's laid out with the E-model of economic inductance,
time flow relationships, and self-destructive oscillations.
And then it comes to this little situation here, dear friends,
by which we find that the social welfare program
is nothing more than an open-ended credit balance system,
which creates a false capital system,
and a false industry to give non-productive people
a roof over their heads and food in their stomachs.
This can be useful, however,
because the recipients become state property
in return for the gift of social welfare.
They become a standing army for the elite,
for he who pays the piper picks the tune.
Those who get hooked on the economic drug
must go to the elite for a fix.
In this, the method of introducing large amounts
of stabilizing capacitance is by borrowing
on the future credit of the world.
This is the fourth law of motion,
and consists of performing an action
and leaving the system before the reaction
returns to the point of action,
a delayed reaction, and by this means,
politicians become popular in their own right,
and the public pays for it later.
In fact, the measure of such a politician
is the delay time.
The same thing is achieved by a government
printing money beyond the limit of gross national product,
an economic process called inflation.
This puts a large quantity of money
in the hands of the public
and maintains a balance against their greed,
creates a false self-confidence in them,
and for a while, stays the wolf
from the door.
But they must eventually resort to war
to balance the account,
because war ultimately is merely the act
of destroying the creditor,
and the politicians are the publicly hired hitmen
that justify the act to keep the responsibility
and blood off the public conscience.
If the people really cared about their fellow man,
they would control their appetites,
their greed, their procreation, etc.,
so that they would not have to operate
on a credit or welfare social system
which steals from the worker to satisfy the bum.
Since most of the general public
will not exercise restraint,
there are only two alternatives
to reduce the economic inductance of the system.
One,
let the population bludgeon each other to death in war,
which only results in the total destruction
of the living earth,
or two,
take control of the world
by the use of economic silent weapons
in a form of quiet warfare
and reduce the economic inductance of the world
to a safe level
by a process of benevolent slavery and genocide.
The latter option
has been taken as the obviously better option.
At this point, it should be crystal clear to the reader
why absolute secrecy about the silent weapons is necessary.
The general public refuses to improve its own mentality
and its faith in its fellow man.
It has become a herd of proliferating barbarians
and, so to speak, a blight upon the face of the earth.
They do not care enough about economic science
to learn why they have not been able to avoid war
despite religious morality,
and their religious or self-gratifying refusal
to deal with earthly problems
renders the solution of the earthly problem
unreachable by them.
It is left to those few
who are truly willing to think and survive
as the fittest to survive
to solve the problem for themselves
as the few who really care.
Otherwise,
exposure of the silent weapon
would destroy our only hope
of preserving the seed of future true humanity.
And see, dear friends,
I have gone and just
exposed the secret of the silent weapon over the radio,
destroying their hope
of preserving the seed of future true humanity,
but since when, my friend,
did we need to preserve full-blooded humanity?
Why, the full-blood human has not a drop of yeti blood in it,
and I don't see any point in us mollycoddling those people.
And as far as I'm concerned,
you should respond to this,
the secrets revealed in this document,
obviously written by the higher-ups in the conspiracy itself,
by...
uh, contributing to your voice
of the Church of the Subgenius in your area, dear friend.
Ah, yes,
because, uh, we love you
and want to save you from that
evil,
evile
conspiros.
Ah, yes.
You are always glory forever and same.
God understands.
He doesn't condemn you.
No!
Excuse me!
God does not understand!
No!
Excuse me!
God does not understand!
I was moist and fully self-actualized,
brimming with the vital juices of life,
a hero to every guy,
a source of lust to every girl,
and the nightmare of every mom.
Yes, I was flying high
and leaving a trail of delightful turmoil in my fetid wake,
but just as I thought it couldn't get any better,
just when I thought I was about to be elected God,
so as I could fix this mess good and proper once and for all,
Nigi sucked me dry.
I had my Harley all tuned up for a turf-ripping run
through the fields of middle-class complacency.
I was set to teach the fair maidens of the cheerleading society
what it meant to be left widespread,
grass-stained, and sweaty in the wake of my gladular excesses.
All thoughts of Tupperware, pink bows, and evening news
over a nice dinner skewered on the pike of my flaming societal rage.
Oh, yes!
I was fully prepared to set fire to everything in sight,
burning new pathways in the brains of the pink and mule-like masses.
I was a sling-struck, grumbling scum who haunt the malls,
making even my occasional excursions thereof
in pursuit of some minor plastic crap,
a sleigh ride through hell unbounded.
I was fully loaded and snorting
with hellish anticipation of the unforgettable rampage
which would splash the front pages of magazines and newspapers worldwide.
But suddenly, Nigi sucked me dry.
The lab was fully stocked.
The delivering subjects strapped down.
The batteries charged and the electrodes in place.
The drill bits were sharpened.
The clamps well-oiled.
The beakers filled with the vile fluids of my intent.
The hookahs were primed.
The incense burning.
The sacrificial chickens, goats, former employers, and imaginary enemies drugged and ready.
The generators were churning.
The light bill paid.
The guns loaded with the best explosive shells money could buy.
But suddenly, Nigi sucked me dry.
Summary.
This revealed at the provided only apartment,
due to removing engine load accenter of a right
cedering these pulse changes at three of this test,
were reinforcement of this crush of the horizontal barrier barrier.
Anthropomorphic dummies were reduced by removing strumant zone two.
Results are listed.
And the impact became clear the experience.
Demonstructural integrity.
And results, intrusion of the D-sectives.
Although the moment zone femur locations not pre and were 44.1 mile per hour intrusional, X.
Accelerometry.
Rather compartment and post-test measurement.
Injury criteria or damage.
Oh!
You can wear a fake beard and dark glasses.
You can trade buses, planes and rickshaws till you're dizzy.
You can nail the basement door shut.
Crank up the anti-virus programs.
Turn out the lights and muzzle the kids.
You can wear three rubbers, a gas mask and a raincoat and nothing else.
You can buy an arsenal of automatic weapons and nerve gases.
You can build your own pocket nuke.
You can dig a moat around the house and fill it with piranha.
You can buy a six pack of slobbering pit bulls and a gross of tigers for the perimeter.
You can put in voice print, retina print and tongue print computers with criss-cross lasers aimed at the doormat where the subject to be scanned will stand.
You can hire Batman, Hannibal Lecter and Hulk Hogan for bodyguards.
You can fly straight up in the air, screaming like a banshee, flinging fluids and vital organs everywhere.
But sooner or later, no matter how far you run or how big your gun, you're gonna have to look in the mirror like everybody else.
And admit to yourself.
Negi sucked me dry.
I'm gonna have to go to the bathroom and get my ass kicked.
Excuse me, God does not understand.
Excuse me, God does not understand.
Excuse me, God does not understand.
Excuse me, God does not understand.
You said I'd pick up my foot, but he'd put it down.
You said the steps of a good man are ordered of the Lord.
Lord, I don't want to fall in the ditch.
I don't want to be the blind leading the blind.
God, I need the Holy Ghost conviction to keep me on the right track, to keep me in the center of your will, to keep me progressing toward the glory.
I'm destined for the throne, and I refuse to take a bypass.
I refuse.
And we've got slaughtered men and women of God laying around us like cordwood.
They're dead. The life's gone out of them.
No unction, no anointing.
You know why?
They refused conviction.
They were numb to conviction.
They turned a deaf ear to the wooing voice of the Spirit of God, and now they're dead.
My God, that's worth the price of admission.
I know his name.
We didn't leave with Lucifer.
Telephone rang.
He would not stop.
It's President Kennedy calling me up.
He said, my friend Bob, what do we need to make the country grow?
I said, my friend John, the subgenius must have slack.
The subgenius.
Big boy.
Ring.
Ring, ring, ring, ring.
Ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring.
Remember, there's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over.
We didn't leave with Lucifer.
Kill Bob.
Bob!
I know what you want.
You want to kill me.
.
.
.
.
.
.
can, you know, shoot the s*** with the best of them.
But what about nectar?
Well, when the fly finds it's time to mate, or rut,
he puts out his feelers, turns up his olfactory and other sensory nerve inputs,
and scans the horizon for the piquant, marshmallow smell of a female fly in heat.
Ah, lucky fellow, he's found one.
Yes, her mysterious dance seems to lift up his day and light up his night.
But it's all right.
As she comes to accept him, it's no secret that the fly's orgasmic pleasure
is matched only by his built-in proportionate inability to remain in a fixed location for any length of time.
For no sooner has the mating couple filled each other's goby nodules with albumin and spoo
than the fly, ever-touring, ever-seeking nectar, flies off to another destination,
smiling all the while as the facets in his mirror-like covering reflect grace,
land and mansions of endless stars,
thus filling in the blank spaces of nature's lost address book.
Is it all in the name of nature?
Is it all in the name of love?
Or is this conscious pest but a note in the marvelous symphony of nature's universe?
Perhaps we'll never know.
But the next time you see a common fly,
remember, there's more to this pesky fellow's life
than rancid oatmeal and his attraction to that light bulb over your bed.
Yes, one of nature's most misunderstood anomalies,
Mr. Fly will always be a part of
Our Insect World.
Woo!
Time to tip that time.
Here I am again,
mga patatid a kaiban sa buhay at Living Gun.
Narito nanaman an inyong wonderful and sexy doll
upang mahatid sa inyong pananahimik
ang magatop si Trivi News sa ating local cinema.
Kayat, let us prepare everything now,
especially ourselves for this wonderful exhibition.
Nagayon pagsumaka, sumahin natin ang katanagyan ninyo torso.
A bogi si Tirso, a handsome,
a handsome,


a dresser si mantasata clean cut.
Ata si Tirso ayamoyasay,
a umawitata sumayaya.
Then, anganaging a second love,
naman ninora na si Manny,
angi close-up natatin.
Si Manny kahehit short,
sa height kung itatikibi ke torso.
Katititi hindi si handsome,
na tulidni Tirso,
a cute naman at meirun,
e tingantana.
It.
Hi, missus.
Tala tang ang hirap ni ganga-maga-maga, ano?
Imagine.
Ang mahala maling, ang mainga-bilhemi.
Ang dami-dami fang maga mananga-mangaka.
Ma discourage ang manaka-maga maga burglars.
Oh, kung hingi man discourage ang magaito,
at least make it difficult for them.
Lalo ne para doon sa mga amateur sneak thieves.
Cloyd Robinson, big-eye na big-eye na ang damahong
in sa palikulang big-eye.
Samtol, you said it.
Beth Morgado, well,
hindi da bomba on palikula a little sex lang.
Dear Mr. Auri,
I am one of a million readers of your wonderful column,
which I believe can help me find a lot girl right for me.
I didn't even think before that I would be in need of your help,
for I had girlfriends, yet they all deceived me.
However, I don't blame even any one of them.
I've realized that we're not really meant for each other.
With regard to the girl,
the girl I'm looking for, she must be of a practical type,
Caucasian, Catholic, understanding enough to get my situation.
She must not be necessarily beautiful and not sexy,
but charming and sexy and beautiful and simple to please my sophisticated heart.
Eng-yag-ly.
She must be a teacher, even pursuing still such a profession
at 22 to 25 years of age, standing five to five.
Speaking of my humble self, I am an A-B degree holder,
and at present still pursuing my studies for a career.
BSE degree, and at the same time employed in one of the private firms in the greater Manila area,
making Manila folders. Till here, and I'll be hoping for the best of your kind, Hilt.
Thanks in advance, and more power to your column. Very respectfully, Tyrone.
The Stunt Geniuses.
P.O. Box 14006 Dallas, Texas 75214.
Praise Bob. That's right. That Malaysian address is Bob at Post Office Box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
And you really can.
Right.
For more free information from Bob at that number.
But I'll be giving that sacred post office box number again.
But in the meantime, I wanted to let you know what you have been listening to, dear friends.
We've heard Hell Pope Huey doing a Neagy Sucked Me Dry.
A lovely sort of testimony there.
More of Rev.
Rev.
Parasly from Reverend Uncle Jimmy's tape that he sent in.
We've barely scratched the surface of that.
Dr.
Legume's Media Broge.
Dr.
Riley's Media Broge.
Bleepo Abernathy talking about flies in rut.
And that was the Firesign Theater.
Very rare recordings doing the Filipino ads there.
And.
And.
coming up uh we'll hear some ranting by a reverend mike cole in cleveland a little bit of that
uh some an amazing little piece about snake handlers that was sent in on a tape called
america freedom acts by a devil guy i got a bag in the mail that had a it had inside a black hood
an envelope of ashes a piece of paper with devil writing and blood on it and a vial of some milky
fluid dear friends and that tape um more kpfa coming up and well we'll just see we'll try to
get down to the rudy schwartz project
oh we're not men
oh and crop circles that was another one uh you're doing crop circles yeah it's it what it
those two little old gentlemen in england took credit for those 13 000 crop circles but obviously
it had to they would be a lot of genius hell well i knew they had to have some help of some kind but
i always thought that this was perhaps from a ufo a lot of them are from ufos but they're they're
little minor uh joyriding ufos not the
important ufos that bob dobbs is in touch with bob dobbs is in touch uh one of bob's main messages
is that the world is going to end on july 5th 1998 at seven o'clock in the morning why why why that
particular time in that particular day uh just i guess it's a random choice on the part of the
aliens the men from planet x or the sex goddesses from planet x found cells better
you're listening to the church of the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack with your host
the reverend ivan stang he'd never steer you wrong
tell me where to turn
here
well i was i was a
you know thinking just the other day that we
don't have that many of them some genius holidays
oh well yeah every every day
is bob this birthday
tiresome like a little while but i was thinking about july 5th
oh it's it's kind of a ways away
you know it's not that funny you know but i'm very um not angry with them
Fireways way on July 5th. I remember, I remember Reverend, Reverend Stagg, he was talking, he was
talking about that, what goes on. And he was telling the importance of 1998. And he, he was saying, he was saying, what was it he was saying?
Stay up all night.
And do an X day chance about how the time is not for their arise. And songs, you know, X day holiday songs like take me off to space, which we'll be playing soon. And on X day morning, of course, well, the grownups been up all night, but the kids get up real early because on X day, the children are allowed to eat breakfast.
I said, well, we pulled up in the yard. I told the children here, I said, we're going to have ourselves a time tonight. I just knew that old church is going to be full of spirit. And it was honey. It was. We went in there. We, after we sung about three songs, they were shouting all over that church. I've never seen so many people in one church shout. And in a little while, they shouted themselves right around in back office. Three ladies and two men.
Well, now, when we were hooking up, we saw some curtains or something laying over some boxes back there. We didn't pay any attention to it. Didn't know what was in there and didn't care.
But in a little while, they came out around us with five of the biggest rattlesnakes I have ever laid my eyes on.
I like to die.
I like to die.
I like to die.


I like to die.
I like to die.
service was over, they told us that the biggest rattlesnake they had in that service was five
feet long. Honey, the one they brought by me was 27 feet long. And let me say this.
I'm not knocking these people. I promise you I'm not knocking them. I don't know if they're
right or wrong, you know. I'll tell you, they claim that they read in the Bible where Moses
had enough faith to take up the service. And some members of their congregation claim
to have that much faith. And I'll tell you one thing I found out before I left there.
They had a whole lot more faith than what I had. Now, this one woman stopped about two
feet from where I was trying to pick and sing. I didn't even know what kiosk is.
She took that rattlesnake with a head as big as your fist and held it up and stuck it right down
in her face and shouted in its ear, if a rattlesnake's got an ear. She wrapped that thing around her
neck. She threw it down on the floor, kicked off her shoe, and put her bare foot on top of its head.
When she threw that thing down on the floor,
its tail missed my foot about that far. I done a little shouting myself.
And she thought I was in the spirit
and brought me one up.
What in the world are we gonna do?
And I said, just take it easy.
Don't panic.
I said, just look around and find out where the back door is.
She said, I already looked and ain't none.
I said,
I said,



I said,



where do they want one?
And this lady walked up to me. She said,
Brother Wendy, you mean to tell me if the Lord commanded you to take up the serpent,
you wouldn't take him up?
I said, yes, ma'am, I surely would. But he didn't and I ain't.
Then the devil pulls off a mask.
It's me, Bob.
When the devil...!
Why don't you kill three ponies?
What the?
Go to hell.
Go...
Oh my God, Go.
W 175.
Oh my manuscript.



Got to break this conspiracy.
We better get back because it will be dark soon.
And they mostly come at night. Mostly.
I need your body as a dwelling place while I am here on your earth.
Where do you put it? You got a hollow leg?
It exists in almost every city and hamlet in the country.
And you must stand united on this and stamp out this frightful assassin of our youth.
Because it is only through enlightenment that this scourge can be wiped out.
You're going to be ready for the finals in 1998, my friend.
Let me be slack.
Didn't you give me this year?
You don't do anything.
Just.
Accumulate me.
Why don't you buy me a vibrator?
Why don't I put it in your mouth and you hum?
Person walking down a sandy beach barefoot.
Whose foot has been numbed by Novocaine.
Steps on the jagged edge of a broken bottle, slits their foot and bleeds to death.
Because they never knew.
There was a problem.
My loss was his gain.
This was a manipulation, a tilting of the luck plane in his favor.
And what goes up must come down.
And when you're talking about the luck plane, you're talking about both sides at once.
One goes up, the other goes down.
I happen to be on the wrong end of the luck plane.
But Mr. Rob Dobson, you see, was on the right side of the luck plane.
And I was on the right side of the luck plane.
And I bet he had a damn good seat for tonight's game.
A wonderful paradise.
Is that a paradise?
Sort of.
He's on the coast up north here with all of his, well, what can you say?
Aliens, friends.
Oh, it's a family reunion.
What about me?
That's the code word we use, too.
Yes.
It's a mighty big family tree we subgenius grow from.
That's right.
You never can tell what sort of branches it can branch off.
Well, we're going to the convention floor right now for that report about Jesus and a handgun.
Now, let's see what they have to say down there.
Jesus was running around at the spa last night with a handgun.
Really?
You can see Reverend Stan there.
And a wound in his side and a crown of thorns, a loincloth, and a handgun.
He was looking for Bob.
He was hunting for Bob.
And so what happened?
He was bumming drinks.
He was real upset.
If you see him running around town, you be on the lookout.
Yes, he was.
And a wound in his side and a crown of thorns, a loincloth.
And then I saw him going off with Connie, too.
That's a drinking, fighting Jesus for you, I tell you.
He was fighting one guy.
He was a real nice guy, actually.
Did he miss Bob?
I wasn't around at that point.
No, no, he don't think he did.
I don't think he hit Bob.
He missed him.
Something must have happened.
We think the bullets were caught in some sort of void time warp or something.
Time warp or something.
Yeah, I saw that.
They were using an oz to stab each other.
That's always a problem with those deities.
One of the things you have to do on the show here is wash the little H-bombs.
I'm over here in the corner of the sink over here.
And you can wash their bodies.
That makes them all happy.
Okay, yeah, yeah.
Okay, we might have to leave the floor.
It looks like the crowd's getting ugly down there with the Reverend Ivan staying.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh, they busted through the...
Are you afraid to die?
Are you afraid to die?







Well, there you go.
They busted through the third medium into Stang's brain.
They now reside there until we can perform the radio exorcism on the second half of the
show.
Yes, I was there in the bar that night, the night that Jesus was allegedly running around,
but that was no handgun in his pocket.
He was just happy to see another cult.
He wanted those followers back.
Customer service.
Yes, dear.
Papa Joe here.
And, you know, I'm...
You're far too young to remember this.
I'm a little bit older than you, but I'm a little bit older than you.





I'm a little bit older than you, but I'm a little bit younger than you.
Yes, and I can still remember it, but I can still remember it.
But, when I was a boy, we didn't have any of these weakling Jesus with the handguns.
We only prayed to an almighty God that puts fear in His disciples.
I'm talking about Jesus with the hand grenade.
Fear in his cereal?
No, Jesus, back in my day, Jesus had AK-47.
Jesus had a Stinger missile.
I know.
I just understand, that's the old world.
We're in new thinking now.
They had an AK-47, and they had a handgun.
See, that's what's happened today.
People get swept off the planet.

with these cheap imitations.
Yeah, but I don't know.
Call the Joe Mama.
What an imitation it is.
I think we have a list of high-ranking officials
that were there that night and were actually subpoenaed.
All right, punch it up.
Name.
Well, it has been alleged that certain high-ups
have carried weapons of destruction on their persons
during public appearances,
but this is merely a defensive measure, let me assure you.
These allegations have opened me up on the audience,
dispensing with people that didn't applaud loud enough.
These are purely exaggerations.
Okay, all right.
There was some shooting on the audience,
but it was target practice.
We were deliberately missing.
Tell the truth.
Okay, okay, so a few people were hit,
but that was from cricket day.
What a beautiful future it is.
Listen, what I lie to you, what I lie to you,

those people that died,
those were people that wanted to die.
They jumped up in the line of fire.
Would you lie to me?
What about that night you told me you were...
Oh, well, never mind.
Never mind, never mind.
Close the Ravens, never mind.
Help, help, help me!
He screamed at the orderlies
when told he was actually Farlow Fudd,
doctor of dental surgery.
He struggled with his bonds
and snapped his jaws at them viciously,
his mouth foaming like a St. Bernard's.
The drug's head showed some bitterness,
beneficial effect at first,
but as time wore on,
his violent reassertion of his fictitious persona
pushed aside any hope that chemical management
would lead to a breakthrough.
Get the electrodes, sighed Dr. Fine.
He shook his head and resigned frustration.
The man had already absorbed the full charge
of four diehard batteries and was still no better.
His burning devotion to this Bob Dobbs
was most disturbing.
Either it was the product of a fevered, sick mind,
or this Bob had somehow tormented the man
into a state of burning, psychotic loyalty
unlike any other.


Or perhaps it was both.
Hell poke Huey and Dee.
Well, regardless, I have a job to do, thought the doctor,
as he pulled on his thick rubber gloves and goggles.
And to think I used to enjoy this, he thought.
Something had to work soon.
There were only three orderlies left,
and one of them refused to approach this patient again,
even with the peril of being fired over his head.
As the raving man had put the others in the ICU
with snapped bones and large pieces bitten out of them,
the doctor couldn't really blame him.
Perhaps he was just a little bit too scared to do that.
Perhaps he really was the Pope of Hell.
He was certainly earning his self-imposed title.
Oh, well.
One last try with electricity,
and then it would be time to turn to firearms.
Suddenly, there were screams in the hall,
followed by a terrifying, rumbling crash
that sounded like someone had loosed a thunderhead in the building.
The multifaceted sonic chaos
made him feel like a frightened child again,
and his bladder loosened violently.
Against his better judgment,
he ran from the room and turned the corner
to see the orderlies in pools of their own blood,
their arms ripped from the sockets.
The vegetable burned, smoking,
and filling the air with the acrid tang of ozone.
Worse yet, one of them had been separated from his head,
which lay forlornly in the corner like a discarded ragdoll,
except that ragdolls didn't ooze loops of intestine
and purple-pink brain matter.
My dear God, his nose has been bitten off,
Dr. Fine thought as he vomited.
I guess he shouldn't have called the man names
when all this started, he thought absently,
part of his fractured mind shutting itself off
in a bid to prevent a complete breakdown.
There was a huge hole in the wall,
jaggedly rent as if some unimaginable force of nature
had gone berserk,
which was, ironically, exactly what had happened.
A few bricks fell from the smoking edges of the gash
as he watched, mouth agape,
vomitous, unwiped,
as he tried to wrap a protective cocoon around his mind
until he could get to some tranquilizers.
Hmm, Bob Dobbs and Hell Pope Huey,
he mused absently.
I'll remember those names.
Oh, yes, dear friends,
and you can remember the name of J.R. Bob Dobbs
by writing for free information.
That's right.
You can get all kinds of free stuff in the mail
just by letting us know.
you care enough to send off for that wonderful packet.
You can write Bob.
You got that pencil ready, friend?
I'm going to give you a couple of different addresses tonight.
You can write to Bob at Post Office Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas at 75214.
Oh, yes, there's a lot more besides this radio show that you need to know about.
At P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
And our good friend Onan Canobite is apparently doing a book about SPK, the band SPK.
And he is looking for anything you've got, like interviews, discographies, tour data, names and addresses of members.
Right.
Any language, reviews, all contributors will be credited and all inquiries answered.
And you can write to Trevor Blake at Post Office Box 2321.
That's Box 2321, Portland, Oregon 97208.
That's Zip once again in Portland, Oregon 97208.
But that doesn't tell you about Bob.
Does it?
No.
No.
But this might.
Now, the conspiracy talks about something called deviant sex.
To the conspiracy, deviant sex is anything except having, trying to have a baby in the missionary position.
That's the only thing we consider to be a sin.
Am I preaching right now?
Am I preaching?
Right now.
That knew they were a dirty rotten hunk of stinkin' sinful.
Hunk of stinkin' sinful flesh.
Dirty rotten hunk of stinkin' sin.
Dirty rotten hunk of stinkin' sinful.
Hunk of stinkin' sinful.
Dirty rotten hunk of.
They were red as crimson.
Now they're white as wool.
Dirty rotten hunk of stinkin' sinful flesh.
Oh, now that's hogwash.
Every person pulled his hair and clawed the ground.
This is a battlefield, sir.
This is no recreation room.
That's it.
That's the great sin.
But.
But.
Who wants to play Russian and magic?
The next time if somebody wants you to go to bed with them.
With or without a gun.
You're packing along a loaded revolver with you when you go.
And not only that.
When you go to bed with that person.
You're not just going to bed with that person.
You're going to bed with every other person that person has ever gone to bed with before in their life.
So just picture it as if you're all crawling into one bed together.
