Ladies and gentlemen, it's my pleasure to bring a man to the stage.
I saw this guy before he got here. I love him. Please welcome Bob to the stage.
Hello.
Hi.
What are you?
God.
That's a true story. Hi.
I, uh, it's great to be here.
My cat is squeaky. I have a cat.
Oh, I hate that, Bob. Isn't he dead?
Well, I was taking a bubble bath with Bob.
Cheese and crackers and gosh darn and some big ditch.
Pandora's box is really sacred to me.
So, okay, let's pretend there is a god.
Do you really think he's wearing magic underpants?
But, um, so the police actually came and arrested my cat.
And she didn't go to Cat Police Academy to, uh...
Bob, ladies and gentlemen.
Oh, slacker.
Now, I'm...
Got no point where I can sort of, like,
give myself a little slack.
That's beautiful, dude.
I wonder why this microphone smelled weird.
Yeah, it's Bob.
Slack.
I'm feeling it.
For me, I love finding ways to slack.
I seem to do better when I'm acting like it's slack-ass.
Like, I just seem to succeed when I'm acting like it's slack-ass.
That just seems to be the only place where I'm appreciated.
There's some liberation in, uh...
In...
In...
Slack.
Yeah, it's Bob.
I...
I love to find...
I find a way to love Slack.
And I keep starting and not starting.
And then I ask myself, why, little callers, why?
But is there an answer?
Despite our impact in our large gangling years, uh...
Speak for yourself.
Charming and incomprehensible banter...
Oh, we just lost contact with the alien.
Well, it's acceptable parameters of wit for a future scenario.
One of these years.
Well, the years are over.
I think the end of the world already happened.
We all got left behind.
Well, as a theological matter, we could spend our time and the show discussing that old chestnut.
Let's just say that in the realm of the official church story, people have already made up their minds about what they want to believe.
There's no amount of debating that'll change that.
That's why I think that we...
The archons of the church...
Should drop these old outdated controversies which serve no real purpose and move on to newer and better understanding.
Oh, superstitious, eh?
You know, Bob...
B-b-b-b-Bob got arrested a week before.
Oh, he did? For what?
He got in a big brawl and he punched an off-duty cop.
Uh, Bob wouldn't do that.
You know what I really loved is playing spin the bottle with Bob. He's incredible.
Uh, Bob's not comfortable talking about this.
Uh, Bob had a bag of acid.
Do they still use acid?
Bob's people do.
And a blunt.
And a blunt.
For the other thing.
Bob was on the grassy knoll.
Uh...
Bob's not comfortable talking about this.
Alright, Bob.
Spread out.
The town where Bob was born.
I'm at Bob's Barbecue.
To attempt the ultimate destroyer challenge.
I only have 45 minutes to take down six pounds of greatest hits.
And if I do, I'll be the first person to ever defeat Bob.
The kids may be fine, but you wait much longer and I'm gonna pee in my pants.
We're gonna wait, Connie.
Six more minutes.
A circle of kids, bobbing their heads and kind of clapping along and laughing.
You know, there was a, like a circle of kids, bobbing their heads and kind of clapping along and laughing.
You know, there was a, like a circle of kids, bobbing their heads and...
Bobby.
Doesn't ask for much.
He puts in a hard day's work.
Why don't you cut him a little slack?
And stop being such a jerk?
No!
What was that?
No!
I am set up here for Bob.
Bob.



















Let's see how it works out.
I am set up here for Bob.
Let's see how it works out.
I am set up here for Bob.
Okay, I'll find Bobby, but I want you both out of here.
But Dad.
No, Fox.
I want you both to wait in the car and I'll be out as soon as I find...
The Self Genius Power of Squatch.
This is a nice surprise, but aren't you sleeping at your dad's tonight?
Uh-huh.
But I forgot something.
Uh-oh.
Something about a pink dress.
Yeah, it's my favorite.
I want to wear it to my birthday party tomorrow.
Honey, it's in the very front of your closet, okay?
And don't forget the hair thingamajiggy that goes with it in case you want to wear that, too.
I won't.
Hair thingamajiggy.
Be right back.
Very important.
Get me a hair thingamajiggy.
I might...
Very front of the closet.
The guy who plays Bob took off his square pants.
Oh, there's my date.
Oh, who are you going out with tonight?
Oh, Bob.
You know...
Isn't he the one who drones on so incessantly you call him the Cricket?
No.
I call him the Cricket because he rubs his hands together when he's drunk.

They're really fast during...
Powerful switching.
Goodbye.
They bob.
They twist.
They rotate.
They bend.
They weave.
They twist.
They bend.
They twist.
They twist.
They twist.

They twist.
He fought for the title with Rios in Vegas
And he pulled him away in round number one
So hurry home early, hurry on home
Boomer Mancini's fighting Bobby Tracone
Hurry home early, hurry on home
Boomer Mancini's fighting Bobby Tracone
When Alexis Arguello
Gave birth to a baby
And he was a baby's baby
Boom, boom, beating
Seven weeks later
He was back in the ring
Some have the speed
And the right combinations
If they can't take the punches
It don't mean a thing
So hurry home early, hurry on home
Boomer Mancini's fighting Bobby Tracone
Hurry home early, hurry on home
Boomer Mancini's fighting Bobby Tracone
Hurry
Boomer Mancini's fighting Bobby Tracone
Hurry on home early, hurry on home

When they asked him who was responsible for the death of Duke who came
He said someone should have stopped the fight
Told me it was him
They made hypocrite judgments after the fact
But the name of the game is beheaded back
So hurry home early, hurry on home

Hurry, hurry on home
Overland sea
We're fighting by the Chaconne
We're fighting by the Chaconne
We're fighting by the Chaconne
We're fighting by the Chaconne
Hey.
Who is this?
What are you wearing?
Combat boots and a parka, you jerk.
Who is this?
Bobby, is this you?
You know, whoever this is, this isn't funny.
Yeah, it is.
Assholes.
I'm free, remember me
I've been apart and I'm even free
I'll play the band from history
I'm free, remember me
I've been apart and I'm even free
I'll play the band from history
Good work, Bob.
Bobby, look.
Bobby, the reason we're here is because...
We really care about you.
The money wasn't gone, the goods weren't gone.
They just changed hands.
And there was a shift.
I've heard people call this a wealth transfer
and sometimes I am a little reluctant to use that terminology
because of preconceived notions,
but there is a wealth transfer that is taking place.
Fight the breaker, I don't care
You know what I'm gonna say
Fight the breaker, I don't care
Fight the breaker, I don't care

They are bossed up!
Fight the breaker, I don't care
Fight the breaker, I don't care
Fight the breaker, I don't care
And friends, now I can pot up Dave,
who's been sitting there...
Babbling.
Babbling to himself.
Completely unpottered.
Yes.
Yes, I was unpottered and I had to pot him.
Poor fellow.
You must have kind of wondered what was going on there.
These fish need to be watered.
And now you're...
Pottered and...
Pottered and salted.
I saw the little light flashing
and we were still like a minute or so
from the end of this collage by the large.
And I should mention, friends,
now that Dave and Princess Wee and I,
Stang are all together,
that almost everything that we've heard so far
was put together...
Well, the last nine minutes was put together by the large,
including that Warren Zevon song.
The long song was by Warren Zevon.
And the other collages,
aside from the stooge clips that I located,
all the rest of that was put together
by a new collargist,
Reverend Royal Decapitator.
Or Capitator.
Collargist?
Maybe he's related to Reverend Tater.
But, yeah, Royal Decapitator.
Decapitator.
Yeah, there's more from him.
And this is one of those time control shows, friends,
because in our time stream,
it's Halloween-een.
Hibiscus jelly night, as we like to call it here
in the land of Paul Bach.
It's tomorrow's Halloween where we are,
but where most...
Most of our listeners probably
won't hear this for two weeks.
So it's pointless to go on and on about
the fabulous WCSB Masquerade Ball
that happened last night.
It was the third one that has been done
through the invention of our station manager,
Sarah Corrigan.
The great and wonderful Sarah Corrigan.
Yeah, who was...
Great class.
And, friends, you can see a hot picture of her
and of...
All the other...
The women of WCSB, to put it in a sexist way.
Although right now on the screen,
I'm looking at a picture of Dr. Sinister
standing next to J.R. Bob Dobbs.
But even a woman in...
I mention this because even the folks
at other stations and other states
and other eens that aren't on Halloween
can look at the pictures right now
if you just go to subgenius.com.
It's...
We have a special Halloween...
We have a Halloween page
with a really...
Real hot picture of Reverend Susie the Flusie.
But there's a link that says Halloween Stash.
And if you run down that a little bit,
there'll be a link to WCSB 2011 Masquerade Ball.
Now, I also...
For those who...
When that page is changed after tomorrow,
it'll be a little harder to find those pictures,
so I made a tiny URL.
You can find it by going to subgenius.com
and Googling...
Halloween Pictures.
Or you can go to tinyurl.com
slash WCSB11.
The numeral 1-1.
Slick.
tinyurl.com
slash WCSB11.
And I say this because the costumes were great
and they are worth looking at.
Princess Wee and I photographed like crazy last night
and I worked all day to get the best pictures.
So Dave, you can look and see what you missed
and I'm really sorry you couldn't be there.
Were mind-boggling the detail that people went to.
There was a costume that was larger than a car.
Yes.
I'm not sure what he was supposed to be.
It was a big blue cube, sort of.
Rectangle.
Yeah, brick.
A brick-shaped thing.
And it was apparently very soft and bouncy.
You could see people bouncing off of it.
So he squished in the door and...
I don't know.
How did he get in?



I have no idea how he got through a door with that.
Maybe it was assembled indoors.
I'm kind of disappointed that more local Cleveland subgeniuses
don't come to this party.
Me too.
Except that, how do we know they didn't?
Everybody was in a mask.
That's true.
In fact, I found myself sort of...
We were up on a balcony running projection a lot of the time.
We had our own special little projection booth
running monster movie trailers.
And I would lean over the...
I would lean over the balcony and scope out cleavages
and take pictures.
And I realized later that some of the cleavages I'd been stalking
were of personal friends of mine, neighbors,
the official plumber of the Church of the Subgenius.
And I would never stalk people I know that way.
I only do that with strangers, you know.
But they all had masks on.
I didn't know...
Ron Slade from Pyrosonic was there.
And I didn't know he...
In one of those V masks.
Well, which is annoying to everybody.
All night long.
And plus, you must realize that a masked ball is the perfect venue
for a kind of a clandestine sex with anything type of thing.
Are you making fun of me, Dave?
Oh, masked ball.
Masked ball, dear.
It's another way of using the expression ball.
Okay.
Oh.
I'm sensitive, I guess.
I should say, you know, in the classical urbane way, I could say...
Well, I'm confused now.
You...
Well, what I meant to say was...
But, Dave, I think you would be entertained to look at the photos that are on...
Exactly.
...subgenius.com right now.
And the girls at WCSB.
Exactly.
I see them all the time at meetings and stuff, and they're just kind of in their day clothes.
But they were all dressed up last night.
Exactly.
If you were reading my mind, that masked ball, the guy in the big rubber suit,
if you could tell that was a woman.
If you were a woman in that big rubber suit, you'd still be turned on as a man.
Well, the funny thing is...
No matter what they were, you'd be showing leaders who were, you know, dressed up like Frankenstein.
Like, he's hot, you know, dude.
I didn't mention to you earlier, Dave, but after...
We're really beat.
Because we...
Princess, we helped with decorations for three days.
And then I ended up doing these projections and stuff.
But after it all, after the cleanup, all the bars were closed.
We ran over.
We ran over to a bar, a gay bar owned by some friends of ours.
Oh, you are going to be...
Old friend, a couple whose old friend's Princess Wee.
My oldest friends in Cleveland.
And they had bought a gay bar, and they let us in after hours just to visit with them.
And I was very proud of myself.
There were some really hot-looking cross-dressers, and I was able to tell which ones were cross-dressers
and which one was actually a...
Woman, I think.
We'll see what you've actually done.
What a great bar.
And they said that it's really not...
I mean, it's not outwardly a gay bar.
It's just that everyone gay knows that they're welcome there.
But sometimes you go there, and it's just like any other bar.
Yeah, it's not like a disco place.
It's kind of a family-oriented gay bar.
Through the walls and weird, strange drinks being drunk by people with earrings in their...
Well, there was a little...
There were...
There is.
There was a little bit of that.
Oh, especially on Halloween.
At least symbologically.
Yeah, they said it was packed earlier.
I don't think we can give the name of this place.
The floor was strewn with black feathers, and I said,
oh, someone must have been in here with a black boa.
And they said, oh, no.
That was someone here playing the smoke monster from Lost.
That's right.
Wow.
The dad was dressed as the mom, and the mom was dressed as the dad,
which was a little disturbing to me.
We could tell where it is, or maybe not.
No.
Oh, there's pictures at the very end of the photo gallery.
So, you know, you can figure it out from the photos.
And my write-up.
I wrote up.
Yes.
I got up this morning and wrote up all of our adventures.
Yeah.
Kind of like a beatnik, once again.
If you really wanted to lay kind of a leveling, you know, sociologically,
a leveling effect upon the entire experience,
what you failed to note was,
the wind power, the gas passing party that took spontaneously,
took part right, place right in the middle of the dance floor
at precisely one o'clock, three or four people.
Then all of a sudden, the whole, everybody was trying to.
Is that what that smell was?
That's a very foul event.
Now you're looking at it from a different perspective entirely.
And I wish I wouldn't have taken you there, but I was lonely.
.

.
.



















.
.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.


.


No, it's, yeah, fresh, that's right, or something.
Is it? I don't know.
The Reverend Abnorm Nihill somehow got hold of a copy of just the music without the vocals.
So if I knew the words, we could karaoke to it.
But it certainly is kind of karaoke worthy without the words, even more so.
Yeah, I'm not feeling snappy enough to sing along with it.
I wouldn't do that to the listeners anyway.
We've done it a few times.
Well, you wouldn't, you know, it would be cynical to try and advance your physical body
or superimpose your physique on anything.
Well, that's why we're on the radio and not on the television.
Exactly.
Now, we've discovered an interesting thing on the Internet a week ago.
The German newspaper...
Der Spiegel or something.
Is that how you pronounce that?
I forget.
Einstages Spiegel.
They did a long and fairly accurate, as far as I can tell, article about the Church of the Subgenius.
Although they used an illustration of the flying spaghetti monster on it.
And not a picture of Bob Dobbs.
But it was in German.
And Philo sent me a link.
Philo Drummond, Bob's close personal friend.
And I copied and pasted it into Google Translator.
And got an English translation that was very twisted.
Because it was done by a computer.
For instance, wherever the word pipe was used, the computer translated that as whistle.
Because he was thinking like pan pipes or something.
Then Legume took it and pasted it into Babelfish.
And we're going to read the computer generated translation of this long German article to you now.
And we're going to take turns doing it.
And I shall start.
The title of it was...
Was der Helle.
In German.
Was der Helle.
And it reads according to Babelfish.
What to hell you believe!
What there you do!
Walk the preacher of his pulpit down.
But I'm not going to do that.
Quote.
Drag your back by the day and sell bodies and soul to a heap of normallows?
The camera holds an office worker.
Behind whom monstrous superiors develop themselves.
In place of faces they have enormous fleischfarben smiley.
Are you it suffering to have always debt feelings, however no sex?
In the red light the lips smile.
The lips of the preacher forgave themselves to the diabolischen grinsen.
There is an answer dear friend.
Obviously this is all from the subgenius commercial on subgenius.com.
I'm glad you qualified it with that.
Women, men and children in white smocks and with whistles in the mouth hold cash notes up.
That's my son and daughter in that scene by the way.
On their armlets they carry formed smocks.
Swastikas from whistles.
Their eyes begin glowing.
The preacher demands, do penalty.
Quit your work.
Mach you noosly.
And praise, praise Bob.
That's my cue isn't it?
Yes.
Well can I first preface this by saying that I think that it's more than a case of bad translation.
I think it's bad journalism too.
Who switched on late 1998?
1991.
1991 enough.
The music transmitter MTV tripped over this bizarre nonsense verb eclipse in which the self-appointed Reverend Ivan Stang recruited fully in bronzed for its religion.
In its absurdity the film machen, the film, excuse me.
In its absurdity the film can work like a mixture from the Nightmare and Monty Python sketch.
But...
Oh no no no.
That that that.
Put in church subgenius the of.
Created at end of 1970s of two transverse heads of Texas as a folk joke.
But nonsense verse, Versal Bestang itself.
What?
I'm sorry I...
That's all I can make out of that.
Versal Bestang.
Bestangity.
That's probably one of those German words that is like ten English sentences.
Until it became a full grown religious organization.
God, an invisible space monster.
Everything began with a small lampoon which Douglas's Smith, that's my human street name by the way, and its friend Steve Wilcox, also known as Dr. Philodrumon,
distributed in the year 1979 in Dallas.
In large type characters prankty on it.
Morning ends the world.
And you could die thereby.
And directly under it, tiny small,
Naja probably not.
Question?
No matter, however no matter reads on.
Then 14 sides.
A long chaotic collage came from illustrations of UFOs, cowboys, and whistle-sailers.
And then a long chaotic collage came from illustrations of UFOs, cowboys, and whistle-sailers.
And then a long chaotic collage came from illustrations of UFOs, cowboys, and whistle-sailers.
And then and COBRE clowns became the reshcart in its own Russia myth.

pixels.



I'm way better, I myself, ithkah I'm unique andispotable.



I don't like to say it's a big crowd of images.



Well, it's not too far away there in Southern California,
the largest cause of theoïtte in the ancient Pre Testament.
The Electorates Slings bathroom.
Dr. Philo Drummond and Reverend Ivan Stang described their church was whistle a smoking man face,
which they had stolen from an advert of the 50s.
They sealed it a Highland Smith on J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The quotation marks clarify its holy light and are always written.
Was a most successful dealer of all times.
1953 appeared Bob on a built television god.
According to Smith, an invisible space monster.
It revealed Bob that it had to help humans, their slacks, to become conscious,
whereby the meaning of slack was for each humans different.
It helps humans since then to save its slackness.
Back from a world conspiracy which wants to etcherson it by them nervage work.
Your cue, Dave.
The lampoon worked like a mixture from religious parody and data work of art.
It raised bulldada to most banal and things with deepest meanings.
From front to in the back, God was obviously enshponen.
The subgenie, in reality, descended from the...
Yeti.
But humans did not hold to believe in it.
I paraphrased it.
Yes, I noticed because you left out the...
Oh no, you did say it was completely obviously ersponen.
Ersponen.
Whatever that.
Ersponen.
It's a nice word.
Ersmock work in artist circles became fast well known.
The musicians of the pop band Devo, heard in the background, and Frank, spelled like French money.
Frank, spelled like French money.

Frank Zappa became soon likewise Bob.
Jullengern, such as star comic seichner Robert Crumb, creator of Fritz the Cat.
When it began to recruit to its comic series, Weirdo, for the subgenius church, the wave was not to be stopped any longer.
1983 published the church, their first holy book, the book of the subgenius.
It contained a collection of abstruse welfare promises.
It contained a collection of abstruse welfare promises.
Quote,
Illustrations of full UFOs .
Moderates of the
erasmus.
Thank you.
You are still a gangster.
Like the abstruse welfare need.

I realize that counts and what is not in between.
atri Council I would authorize thiswnież was my group Anti arri��고m который
and their supporters around the church were perhaps lunatically,
however always also lunatically, maintenance Sam.
Even when the end of the world approached on 5 July 1998,
then the religion father stated extraterrestrials from the planet X would appear in order to destroy the world.
The members of the church of the subgenius would have to fear, however, nothing.
After presenting its membership card, the sex gotten of the planet X would inlet it into its escape caps
and from the destruction of the earth would save.
That's mine again?
Yes, Dave.
I see that I missed a whole paragraph because mine starts with the subgenius.
He took it like they took everything else with humor.
Well, I'll tell you what.
Let's stop reading this right now.
And I will do your missing part in a minute.
But let's just listen to some more collage-y stuff.
Oh, because this is great.
There's a couple of minutes in, you will hear a clip from a Tarzan movie from the 40s.
Tarzan's Desert Mystery, 1980.
1943, which stars a character based on Susie the Flusie,
who plays someone named Connie.
And listen to the name of the horse.
This will be coming up right, and just hold tight, Dave, for about three minutes while we play this stuff.
I think there's burning.
Okay.
Hey, everybody.
It's Bob.
Hey, hi, everyone.
Hi.
Hi, indeed.
No, seriously, hello.
Yeah.
It's great to be here tonight.
Yeah.
You know, it is so.
Honestly, like, you know, you're here, I'm here.
All these people.
People are here, and, you know, that's very cool.
It's very, very cool.
You're high.
No.
I smell marijuana on you.
Well, check that.
How about medical marijuana?
You're not sick.
It's for work-related stress.
For stress related to working with Bob.
Hey, you think it'll work for me?
Because I have to work with me all the time.
Make it fast.
In real time.
Unlocking the secrets of the O.T.E. box.
Wow, that sure is a complicated chunk of technological gear.
Is that there in your, uh, dexter hand?
Let's see if anything.
What the heck is that thing?
Is it a...
Tells us if there's life on the show.
You're recording over his show.
Really?
He doesn't need his show.
I need my show.
You're recording over his show with a higher quality show of lesser quantity.
And he can't even hear this right now.
Even though it won't last as long, those few seconds that exist will be of such a mountain.
This is where we balance and find that point of equal memory.
This is where the stone...
The stone daughters of Niobe...
...and produce on a scale in supply and demand that quantity which is perfect for that price.
It was said that in the city of Thebes, the brass statue of Prince Memnon gave a shriek each morning as the sun's rays touched it.
It made this strange grating cry, but that was simply because of the expanding metal and a common scientific phenomenon.
The universe is...
...a superstitious presence never could understand it.
...a superstitious presence never could understand it.
...was not the god speaking at the break of day through the statue of Prince Memnon.
...or was it?
The choice is yours.
What are you gonna believe?
Choose well.
Memnon.
Okay, muscles, there's my Greyhound for Bir Harare.
Wait! Jane, our wild horse!
Here, that's Connie's bracelet!
What is it, Connie?
How do you like that?
Amir is tipping the sheik off that Hendrix is a crook and a foreign agent.
Amir says he can prove that Hendrix has been arming the border tribesmen so that he can take over the whole country.
What is it, Jane? What's the matter?
Connie, look!
Jane, get out of sight!
What's the matter?
And Jane-er did get out of sight. We made Jane-er get out of sight, actually.
Before the Tarzan, there was some puzzling evidence show from KPFA in Berkeley with Dr. Philo Drummond and Dr. Howe, which you can hear many episodes of at QuiveringBrain.com, which is Philo's truly insane website.
It's also got all the music that the Swingin' Love Corps has ever recorded anywhere.
And Puzzling Evidence TV on YouTube, which has some really embarrassing pictures of me as a very, very young person.
And also dressed like a woman, as usual. I mean, not as usual, as per your style.
It'll make your brain quiver.
Now, let's get back to this German article. I'm going to read over your missing part real fast, Dave.
Well, it doesn't start with, surely most religious stress.
Well, it doesn't start with, surely most religious stress.

No, it starts with, naturally the end of the world was missing. Like your printer.
Okay, I don't have it.
Well, I'll do it in a Dave accent. Naturally the end of the world was missing. See, it sounds just like Dave.
But the subgeni did not disturb that. They simply spread rumors. The calendar go evenly wrongly and the year 1998 still at all did not enter.
Or one had read the year in version.
Or one had read the year in version.
Well, but it was!
And then, conversely, and comes the end of the world, only 8,991.
89, 91. Which, if you turn it upside down, it says 1998, okay.
Church founder, Douglas Smith, they spelled my name wrong there, let itself fit with springs still on 5 July of his fellow believers on a camping site in New York, Wisteria.
For his mistake symbolically tars and thrones.
into a pond. It wasn't really tar. It was honey. But Papa Joe Mama said it was motor oil and
everyone believed it. Also, it was beautiful half-dressed women who stripped me and threw
me into the pond. Subsequently, the subgenie went home again to the home and the church explained
from now on 5 July as the holiday. At this X-Day is to be gehuldigt in the future, also outcurving
celebrations the possible end of the world. Finally, one could be safe never whether the
sexgottenen would not go past this year. Over the years, the X-Day developed as an alternative
festival of several days with wildly disguised participants,
rushing trinkgelagen and appearances of artists and skirt volume. From the end of the world,
apparently no one wanted to be able to be spoiled the fun. Why a goat? Everyone understood this fun.
That had to experience Rachel Bevilacqua, wife of the former subgenius manager Steve Bevilacqua,
also known as Jesus.
In December 2005, at the own body, the New Yorker judges James P. Punch, you withdraw the custody for
her son from first marriage because his father, the judge photo of their participation in a X-Day,
had passed on. Whereupon to see in as a clown made up man who carried an enormous dollar character
with a Christos.
Christos passion parody as cross on the back was Rachel, the heart on their back to paint themselves and a man with a
Christianity is dumb t-shirt. Judge Punch called the party pictures, quote, disturbing.
The church of the subgenius then remembers Bevilacqua in their blog seemed to it deeply suspicious.
Particularly dubiously, two photos seemed to it on which Rachel into a scarce costume dressed held a pop mushy
in the hand. It obviously suspected an occultist symbol behind the tinkered animal head and again asked again and again,
why a goat?
Bevilacqua tried to explain to him.
That everything had been only fun, but Punch did not let itself confuse.
It insulted it as perverse, called the X-Day sex orgy and awarded the custody for its son to their ex man.
The subgenie took it like they took everything with humor. They took donated blood and sold t-shirts with why a goat.
One and a half years persisted the law case until the suspected Bob follower in the summer 2007, their son again back yet.
Perhaps the judge never still the joke got.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I said that was a paraphrase again.
I can tell that your printer isn't working, Dave.
But I got the sweet note.
So this is like translated from German by a computer and then translated into English.


So this is translated by Dave.
Through the Dave device.
The Dave device has translated it even more.
Even more so.
The perfect joke.
It likes it so heavily pleases to be because the subgenius plays again.
Oh, wait.
Speaking of playing again, Devo stopped.
I'm going to turn on the flying Ryan brothers.
Oh, man.
And again with the question whether all the insanity is now a joke or not.
The official website subgenius is now a joke.

The religion calls the largest joke which has ever told.
And a usual slogan of the religious community reads excrete on the others if they do not stand fun.
Completely obviously the cult with its motives makes itself merry over other religions cordially.
It is at the same time protests, however, again and again.
Always.
And all this is meant quite serious.
For the subgeni, the border between Ernst, E-R-N-S-T, and Witz, W-I-T-Z, seems to be flowing.
Douglas Smith, The Paradox Explained on 8 June 2007 in the religion critical Dogma Free America in such a way to podcast.
It is a verishoong of superstition.

It is a verishoong of superstitious tranks and egomanen.
But it also is the one true religion.
Why not both?
If one regards religions and jokes exactly, both are actually not at all different so.
And if you combine both, you have the perfect religion at the end and the perfect joke.
Surely most religions stress irony and insanity of the church of the subgenius.
Whether the spaghetti or a monster, a cash point dispenser of krachen, as religious animals, holy animals in a community together.
One daily arranged the shrags and merriest of them for you in art gagery.
Or in the art gallery.
Yes.
In the art gallery.
I noticed I translated prairie squid as kraken.
Kraken.
Yes.
K-R-A-K-K-E-N.
K-R-K-E-N.
Kraken.
The mythical giant squid or octopus that would drag ships down to the bottom of the ocean.
I've seen it in Pirates of the Caribbean 3, I think.
Well, I think when they see the kraken above the eyeball in the end of the septipus,
and the septic sores are exposed, then they get, you know, they see the smiling face of Dobbs there.
It opens the door.
So that was the Babelfish translation of an article about the church from the biggest German,
it's like the Time magazine of Germany, I think.
Yes, thanks Dr. Legume.
And what a strange find.
Now if The Economist comes out with an article, and you might even be quoted.
We'll translate that one into German and read it.
Yeah.
I could probably, we should, you know what we ought to do is take the Babelfish translation
and translate that into Spanish, and then translate that back into English.
Yeah.
It's a game of telephone.
That'll take care of our shows forever.
Dr. Sinister just walked in, did you see the photo on the...
It's kind of creepy actually seeing it.
There's a photo on the...
It's a good thing I'm in disguise, because I really don't want to be seen.

I don't like being exposed like that.
It's a picture, I deliberately had a picture on the screen here of Dr. Sinister as a FBI, he was security.
He's ultra-uber disguised.
And he's standing next to Bob, who is not disguised, but is looking rather the worse for wear and wrinkles.
By the way, one of my favorite jokes of all time, what comes between fear and sex?
There should be a logical answer to that.
Yeah.
Fünf.
Delightful apprehension.
Fünf.
Fünf?
Fünf.
Fünf.
Eins, zwei, drei, vier, fünf, sechs, fünf.
Oh man.
Now soon you have to know how to count in German to get that joke.
Yeah, fünf is the magic number.
Although I can count in Lakota, I can't count in German.
It's funny because they don't say twenty-five.


They say four and twenty.
Vier und zwanzig.
This is like four and twenty blackbirds baked in a pie.
Fünfundzwanzig, sechsundzwanzig, fünfundzwanzig, dreißig.
Ich will das dreitreich.
Nein.
Du sprichst so gut.
I'd like to see the original German version actually.
Once upon a time when I was in college, which I never finished, but I took a course in international communication.
Is that why you're still at this college radio station?
Oh, there's people here who actually did graduate.
But there was a paper I had to write for my international communication course and I had to take a big news item.
And I took a look at different major, major news outlets from different countries.
I looked at what Le Monde had printed in France and what El Pais had printed in Spain and what the Xinhua News Agency in China had printed.
Don't forget the Pigaran.
And the story in question was the Abu Ghraib scandal.
Prisoners being tortured in that jail in Iraq that we took over.
And for part of the project, I could not find English language versions of this story on Le Monde or in a couple of other outlets from some other countries.
So I actually took the original French article and I put that into Babelfish.
And what came out was complete.
Complete and utter nonsense, of course.
But then I took the original French and I kind of held the two up next to each other.
And between the original French, which I can sort of kind of read a little bit, and the English translation of it, I was kind of able to make sense by putting the two together.
That's sort of what I did with this Der Spiegel article because I wanted to see if it was accurate.
Obviously, they took most of it from Wikipedia, which is surprisingly accurate on the Church's subgenius article in there.
Well, friends, so I actually have a couple of fun songs I wanted to play at the end of the show.
There's a collage, another collage by Reverend Royal Decapitator, or Ter.
And a song by the Rudy Schwartz Project, brand new, called Hoppy the Sheetrock Bunny, which I had to play a censored version for this live show.
It's fire.
Yeah.
And then we'll have another collage titled Bobsturbation from Decapitator.
Not nearly as fire.
We started a little late, though, when Charleston was here.
By the way, folks, if you look at the Halloween masquerade, WCSB masquerade ball pictures, you can see what Charleston, the guy before our Slack looks like.
And you can see Dr. Sinister in several pictures.
But not you.
And as we've mentioned, the girls, you can't say girls, women of WCSB.
The women of WCSB.
And the hideous zombies of WCSB.
There's quite a few.
You talking about Count Lepone?
I don't know.
Once again, Dr. Sinister, you're over my head.
He's a very tall fellow.
In fact, I noticed the dwarf Bob.
Bob looks like a dwarf standing next to him in these photos.
See, Bob can take any shape he wants, though.
And he was trying to put it in his, stuff it into his wallet somehow.
I was going to say put it in his pants somehow.
He certainly did with me.
I'm still trying to crawl out of Bob's pants.
I got you both sides, too.
I'm still trying to crawl out of Bob's pipe.
Right. He's smoking us all.
And what a glorious, glorious sensation it is.
With his dothel.
Dothel?
And his wattle.
The wattle scene in these photos is really scary.
We put a turtle neck on Bob to hide the wattle, but it made it worse.
It just made it more look like it had a turtle's neck.
Are you saying that Bob's neck has become very flabby and rancid?
Or maybe you're just trying to look like Steve Jobs.
Or maybe you're just trying to look like Steve Jobs.
A soft crepe paper.
So, speaking of, oh, I can't do that line on, on.
I had a Steve Jobs pledge drive.
Next week is our radiothon pledge drive.
And it's like, something jobs will go the way of Steve Jobs if you don't pay Bob.
Pay Dobbs.
See, I can't tell jokes.
Especially X-rated ones.
I think I did it.
I think we have another X-rated show on subgenius.com, by the way.
A brand new X-rated show that can never, ever be played on any stage.
You know, I suspect you were about to use a word that, standing on its own, was a word.
Without the context of the dirty joke, it would be perfectly acceptable to just say that word on the radio.
Yeah, the wind blows.
Yes, it does.
The wind, the wind, yeah.
The plastic blinds, the eggs blow.
Or as Shakespeare, in their great fireside and theater line said,
Break, wind, break, and crack cheeks crack.
And with that, I think we must go, Dave.
Thank you for translating the bad translation.
And thanks for the extreme inflation throughout the evening.
I think it's been one of those shows where we show our true roots, sophomoric, childish, ridiculous anal humor,
and thank our lucky stones, each and every one of them for it.
He's making fun of me again.
Again.
Dave, prepare to be potted down now.
He's going to pot you down.
Yes.
He says, I start real loud.
And I'll put it on.
The vats will come up.
Let's go.
There he goes.
Bye, Dave.
We'll leave him on so he can hear over the phone.
But we won't be able to hear him.
But we can't hear him.
Or ourselves.
So here we go.
I mean, wake up, people.
This has been going on for years.
But no one's noticed it.
And I think it's ridiculous.
But I understand it.
I understand the connect the dots conspiracy.
I understand the need ordered sense frightening and confusing.
The world conspiracy.
Because I used to be a paranoid conspiratorial.
Jesus Christ.
I didn't have an umbrella conspiracy environment.
The world control ideas.
Like, I'm not calling them conspiracy theorists.
Conspiracy theorists.
Jesus Christ creeping into this country.
If you think that the political connect dots, that's what our brain does.
Sense of connection and that the world makes sense somehow.
Lunatic, fanatic, whack job.
Born again conspiracy Christian.
Fanatics commit to a series of unprovable tenets.
That they dog together into a meldma.
Like, dude, that can't be true.
That's ridiculous.
You can't prove that.
Oh, oh, okay.
So if you want to live in the conspiracy, go ahead.
You go ahead.
Because I know the truth.
I swear to you.
If Bob's head were to come down tomorrow and hover over the world and look down on the people of the world,
the only thing he said was Oswald worked alone.
There would be people on the ground that would be like, what does that guy know?
He lives in the sky.
He was probably part of it.
He's a patsy.
Bob was on the grassy knoll.
Mr. Wilson, notice I'm low.
Next to the bathtub.
Right above the bed.
Right above the shower.
Had pressed it with his finger and it poked right through.
But at least there weren't any termites.
Mrs. Wilson brought him the yellow pages.
Opened it up to page 243.
There on the bottom with the quarter page, there was a gulpsious rabbit with a little blue cap and a hammer and a saw.
And blue overalls and fluffy old ears.
That looked a little queer and were twice as big as an elephant's balls.
Hoppy the sheetrock bunny.
He's got a quarter page head.
Hoppy the industrious bunny.
Enterprising, mesmerizing, never ever patronizing.
Always there for your sheetrock needs.
Hoppy pulled up in his big red trunk.
Scratched his furry chin and sized it all up.
Tore away the part that was crumbly and soft and poked his bunny head down between the studs.
Reached into his pocket, pulled a flashlight out.
Made real sure that there wasn't any damage to the mastic and grout.
Hoppy turned around with a big thumbs up and Mr. Wilson squealed with joy.
Hoppy cut out a square piece of drywall.
Lined it up and screwed it to the studs you see.
Taped up the seams and smoothed it with his putty knife.
Then he matched the texture perfectly.
Hoppy matched the texture perfectly.
Z szrà.
Captured it in one place.


It can drive you crazy every time you pull it out.
Hoppy has played Go for foundations.

Yay!
Hoppy lost control.
Poppy the sheetrock bunny
Fixed Mr. Wilson's bathroom
Poppy the industrious bunny
Enterprising, fraternizing
Never ever patronizing
Always there for your sheetrock needs.
Enterprising money with a quarter page.
And he's always there for your sheetrock needs.
Okay, because I hear, when I hear surrealism, I think about, well, Bob.
And the first time I saw Bob, it was like something out of Peter Pan.
Man, honest to God, it was like a swan coming out of the sky.
But anyway, more power to you.
My wife and I bought our 25th wedding anniversary toaster from Bob.
But when I came for the first time, Bob was like an apparition.
But I'm happy to say we still have the toaster, and it still works,
and it's on our counter every morning for our toast.
Oh, that's great.
Thank you, Bob.
And he has a gift for taking very complicated ideas
and making them into a little bit more complicated.
Making them simple.
Hi, Bob.
Hey, good morning.
Beautiful subject you're talking about.
I've only seen pictures of it.
Oh, Bob, you've got to come.
I plan to.
All right.
As well he should have.
We're, I like, but I don't think right.
Genius has a way of sometimes doing things like that.
How and how and how and how.
Even out there.
Even out there.
Even out there.
Even out there.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
Marvelous.
Gorgeous.
Well, this has been a real wonderful, unique Bob.
Thanks, Bob.
Rapper start.
My name is Atsushi Tsuyamano.
My name is Hiroshigashi.
My name is Ukiyo.
My name is Makoto.
Your doing great, and thank you, everybody.
You tell us what you want.
You know, this performance is none of your business,


I'm посмотреть this again.


It's Kneeling House, and what I see is
some old looking emphasised instructions.
Where there is a wonderful child born to you.




What are you doing here?
The channel is as it is.
What?
We need to do something useful, like rob a f***ing bank, or kill a cop, or shoot the
Pope, or kill the President.
I figured that maybe somehow someone got in on the station illegally or something.
I didn't believe it could have been a legitimate radio station.
Bust us.
We need the publicity.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty Turkish harker back flat.
We want to fill a f***ing burton.
Perk a loom of burton.
Don't bust an idol.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show, and we're even more glad that some listeners
have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
But if you truly love Bob and want some of that slack back to rebound to you, you should
go to subgenius.com front page, or especially the radio page, or the catalog store pages,
and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty, and we don't want any subgeniuses
to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks.
Five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blowjobs could go the way of Steve jobs if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to subgeniusfoundation.
P.O.
Box 181417 Cleveland Heights.
Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
We'll see you next time.
Bye.




Bye.
Bye.


Bye.
Bye.



















