And now, the S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-Genius Hour of Slack!
Ah, yes, dear friends. We're going through recordings from 15 X-Day, chronologically,
until I get time to mix it up more.
Last week we played the first Hour of Slack recorded at X-Day
before a live audience from the Caffeina's Cafe in Wisteria Campground,
right after the whole southern half of the state was hit by freak high winds and heat
that knocked out the power almost everywhere but Wisteria.
This week, we pick up where last week left off with the second half of that July 3rd show
with Papa Joe Mama, Dr. G. Gordon Gordon, Dr. Hal Robbins, Priestess Pisces, and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
It ends with a relatively short Ask Dr. Hal session, short because a lot of people hadn't yet arrived at the campground.
Nonetheless, I'm confident that you will find the show full of yucks.
Yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck.
Oh, I remember that guy.
Yeah.
The local paper has a low rent.
Dear Abby-like column.
And they complained about a guy in the workplace who constantly says, yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck,
and snaps his fingers and whistles.
That's right.
Dr. Hal picked up a local paper that was so pink that the Dear Abby woman,
a woman who had written to their Dear Abby type advisor,
whining that her husband groped her and wanted sex all the time.
Yes, the other one was about my husband constantly squeezing my bosoms and my bottom.
Really?
I won't stop.
I won't stop.
Even in public.
Yeah, I mean, it's like a man doesn't want to do anything else.
This is the way the pinks live.
Screw me.
I can't understand it.
He has a dirty mind.
He wants sex for things other than children.
Disgusting.
Well, it really was like that.
And the sad thing was the response from the advisor was something along the lines of,
well, there's a new operation called a lobotomy that will help your husband with his abdomen.
Abnormal sex drive.
She actually said he should see a medical doctor.
We girls know how men get.
Wouldn't an orchid...
This guy was 50 years old, okay?
She should be damn glad the guy is still chasing her around.
Now, Reverend Stang, remember your blood pressure.
Wouldn't an orchid-octomy actually be better than a lobotomy?
She just needs to tighten up his Mormon underwear a little tighter and these problems would go away on their own.
Gird up thy loins and take up thy cudgel in the peace of thy tent.
You're 50 years old and you're griping?
You're having a hard time?


Your husband wants to have sex?
I think an orchid-octomy.
There's something really wrong with this bitch.
What is an orchid-octomy?
An orchidectomy.
Yeah, orchidectomy.
If I knew anybody who was 50 years old or older who likes sex constantly, I think I'd vote for that guy for office.
Snip.
I have noticed that young people seem to turn pale and want to puke when they hear people my age even mention sex.
Well, it's totally unnatural.
Old people with wrinkles and sags having sex?
Oh my God, that's the most horrible thing ever.
I don't know the name of this movie, but the very last movie that beloved middle American folk hero Andy Griffith was in
was one where Andy Griffith, in full old age, had sex on screen and had a blowjob.
What?
And this caused people to have heart attacks in movie theaters.
It was the last movie he ever made. I don't know the name of it.
But people just did not want to see that.
They didn't want to see it so much.
Randy Griffith.
Andy Griffith.
Randy Griffith.
Andy, Andy.
Well, he wasn't.
You know, he's expanding as an actor.
Even the voice of Jehovah is angry that this subject was mentioned.
So perhaps we should pass on it and speak of a better thing.
Now, Otis, before I let you out of jail, you're going to have to do me a little favor.
Did Goober blow it?
It came as it comes to all men in the back of Goober's gas station.
No, I didn't see the movie.
I read about the kerfuffle, you know.
People.
People dropping dead in theaters and so on because they were so horrified that this happened.
And I also read the local critic in San Francisco saying,
you probably don't want to watch Andy Griffith having sex and getting blown.
It was Goober who tackied. That's why he wears that hat.
No, it was Goober.
Maybe you should make your own movie.
Well, we knew about Goober.
Actually, more to the Rock Hudson.
The idea to me of seeing Andy Griffith without his trousers,
is one of the most repugnant things I've realized lately.
There's a reason why this.
What you see, G. Gordon Gordon, what you haven't done, what I've done every year,
which is go to something called Burning Man,
where you really do see those sky-clad seniors with the vertical wrinkles in their buttocks and all sorts of things.
Well, I thought Burning Man was where you went to see hot chicks and tits.
For every one of those, there are a dozen superannuated decrepit specimens.
Or even worse,
there's the totally sunburned red jock wearing only sneakers, yelling and screaming with a can of beer in his head.
Yuck, yuck, yuck.
Well, that's why Puzzling Evidence goes, isn't it?
Puzzling Evidence hasn't gone for years.
Backstay is still young.
And at Burning Man, they say, what happened to that Puzzling Evidence guy?
Does he sell insurance or something?
But I go every year.
And if you go, come to my show on the day of the burn, as it always is, in Center Camp Cafe Mainstage, Saturday.
Actually, they've cut us down to a single hour.
Isn't there some genius ruling about promoting yourself in other places?
No, that's all right.
That's our sacred tradition.
Burning Man is non-commercial, you see.
Yes, we don't use money out there.
No, they only use blowjobs.
We are on the barter system.
Old people and blowjobs?
Oh, that's so horrible sounding.
Well, you say it's horrible, but they can take out their dentures.
So there are certain advantages.
I've got my teeth, thank you very much, Papa Joe.
I don't need dentures.
We are afraid of you getting them.
When was the last time you had a wink job from somebody who was missing an eye?
Well, I had a girlfriend who used to keep an eye out for me.
The eye socket is the key to the...
And then there's that third nostril job.
What was that line that was in an underground comic?
The only worthy receptacle for the seed of genius is the eye socket.
The brain is the only worthy receptacle for the seed of genius.
And she says, please, sir, spare me and I'll wink you off.
That's right.
That was one of the other Beach brothers, right?
It was James Osborne, who is now dead, who drew that.
There are some guys who prefer the detached earlobe instead of the attached earlobe.
S. Clay Wilson lingers near death.
Spain is near death.
R. Crumb is perfectly comfortable in his medieval hippie village in France.
And Gilbert Shelton also lives there.
His wife drags them from America to France, where they can drink wine, be celebrities, and see London and see France.
And live amongst people who can speak down their nose and eat way too much butter.
Personally, I'm a detached earlobe fetish guy.
The other is just too eerie.
Do I hear a thunder in the background?
You do.
That is no illusion.
The laughter as well as the roar of heaven.
Could the sources be coming early?
Is that the sound of the sound barrier being broken?
I have no idea what it is.
Is that the sound barrier being broken?
It's Dobbs moving the furniture around.
It's Dobbs moving the furniture around.
It's sonic booms.
I know the exits are coming early.
I can tell.
Look at the way it's clogged.
The light is gone.
It's getting dark out there.
In the secret places, Duffy murdered his wife.
The Devil stopped beating his wife.
And darkness covers the land.
The plague of frogs boils.
And those curious bugs with little human faces and stings like scorpions, like in that movie, The Mist, they're also promised as the wrath of Jehovah in the air.








The final days.
But when they do liberate him, think of all those little bobs that will come out with those glowing people heads and those little bird bodies that will be really-
Well, they're kind of cute.
Just don't let them sting you.
Yes.
They have a crown-like arrangement on top of the head.
Yes.
Just like in the book of Revelation.
That entire inspiration for The Mist was actually based in the San Francisco fog bank that would come rolling in each night and bring out all the crazies.
Yes.
Yes, absolutely.
In The Mist, the interesting thing is that all the crazy people turn out to be right and the sane people turn out to be wrong and make profoundly wrong decisions.
Much like San Francisco.
Well, I suppose if we're going to cast dispersions at each other's homeland, something could be said for the Florida panhandle and its vagaries, its curiosities and quirks.
My granddaddy lived in Florida and he had a giant pet spider.
I've got no frog stick.
Where's my frog stick?
I want a frog stick.
What kind of spider was that, Dr. Howell?
I don't know.
It was bigger than Hell and lived in his bathroom and polished up the local insect life.
It used to be in the past.
I'm so sorry that it's not on a four track, because then I could separate each one.
Spiders would be imported in the US in bunches of bananas.
Yes.
I was just saying earlier to Papa Joe, if it was a four track, we'd have four hours of slack recorded at one hour.
One can recognize an attack on another.
I just simply separate each one.
I think that is taking advantage of the eight track.
Not just from its aggression and venomous bite, but from the fact that the fang sheaths of the chelicerae are a bright red color and the rest of the spider's body is glossy black.
I've never seen that, but there's no mistaking the red hairy fang sheaths, which are covered with urticating bristles.
I actually had one of those spiders.

You're not talking about the unmentionable part of a male's eating spider?

Of a what's eating spiders?
The ones that eat the unmentionable part of a male that we can't talk about.
All right.
Well, if we can't talk about it, I can't make that matter clear.
But one should always look down the...
What?
The giant dick eating spiders?
Yes.
He said it.
He said it.
Now we can talk about it.
Now we can talk about the dick eating spiders.
Oh, yeah.
Everybody's afraid to even mention them, because they'll come scurrying out of the woods.
It's easy.
They're not in the woods.
But actually, they mostly are on the other side of the camp.
Yes.
It's down where the...
They don't come down here very often.
Yes.
They're down where the subgenius is on.
And they only...
If you don't have a giant dick, you've got nothing to worry about.
Yeah, I thought they...
They'll whittle you down to size.
They wait until it dangles within the little porta-potty hole and then they leap onto it.


Absolutely nothing at all.
No, those are just the normal...
I don't think I even have a giant dick.
Super-sized spiders and scorpions also.
I'm not even sure I have a dick.
Last time I used it was...
I found in the...
1985 or something like that.
...porta-potties.
I don't want to think about it.
They prey on insect life that comes in through the hole in the...
Reverend Stang has no sense of humor anymore.
A man has been warned.
He's always looked first before you look.
...by stupid subgeniuses and now he just doesn't laugh anymore.
And it's sad.
He used to be a jerk.
Yeah, if you aren't worried...
I'm worried about the multiple dick-eating spiders.
Well, you know...
The one thing...
There's no point worrying about...
...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...

...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...
...the...

The lice.
They are all dangerous animals.
They're just ziping each other up basically.
And they're...

Ye Guitar, Braninnenstein, members of Cibocca...
...Blan あا fa s耶
... καaan
...


...


...

...
...
...
...
...
tubes awaiting to be inserted
in patients. And then the patient
feels a strange tickling sensation
and then a sudden sharp pain.
And the nurse just says, oh, that's just
the catheter. Just ignore it.
Specialized
parasites, or not even parasites,
symbionts,
arthropods, live on human beings.
Well, sure, you've got those little guys that live in your
eyelashes. In your eyelashes, they're different
from the ones in your eyebrows.
I have to insert a candida fish
just to clear everything out before I can
pee. Very well. Oh, this candira
will really ream a tube out, there's no
doubt. How do you get it out? It gets clogged
up unless I slip a little candira
up there. You don't have to slip
one up. You can just wave it over the bowl
and it'll jump out and leap right up there.
It's the only vertebrated
animal that is parasitic on man
and does swim up
the male urethra
to begin to drain
the blood of its victim.
Let's not forget one of the lesser known
human parasites, the
Tourette parasite that attacks
subgeniuses in particular.
It gets in your mouth and it consumes
your tongue. And then it replaces
your tongue with the parasite.
It looks like a giant leeching bug.
I thought it ate the part of your brain that stopped you
from swearing all the time.
Once it got up there, you just said
filthy words all the time
because it ate your brain.
You can't help yourself.
I can't understand them any better than
you can. Shug-us disease,
a scourge of Central and South America.
Who can't you?
It's spread by these
blood-drinking insects.
They resemble a large
hemipteran, a large flat
bug.
And they creep upon you at night.
And they shave off
a little bit of your skin.
But you don't feel it
because they also inject a little
anesthetic in there.
I'm only in retirement. I don't kill people anymore.
But I still work for Bob.
I'm glad this has been put to rest.
It's terrible.
Spirochete.
Into your open wound.
And this is the genesis of Shug-us disease.
And that's his problem to deal with.
This Tourette parasite.
Named after Dr. Paul Shug-us.
Once it's eaten your tongue,
and it replaces your tongue with this large leaf stain,
it becomes your tongue.
You can't get rid of it.
You can get rid of it, but then you'll have no tongue.
So you're better off to just stick with the parasite.
That's the one that makes you swear?
Is that what makes you swear is the parasite?
Well, it makes you swear because it's now in charge
of everything you say.
You can't speak.
You can't speak without your tongue.
Really?
So it has control of your speech center now.
But you can blame the parasite.
With flattering lips and a double tongue do they speak.
The Lord shall cut off all flattering lips
and the tongue that speaketh.
What if you split your tongue?
Would you be able to talk in two different...
Well, you can get a piggyback parasite
that can do that.
Him speak with forked tongue.
Two for the price of one.
But they usually do that only when they're copulating
inside your mouth.
Well, I'm okay with that, but how much do they cost?
Do you get them at Parasite's or us?
What?
I know they're transmitted through you kissing somebody
who has it.
W.C. Fields said he didn't drink water
because fish fuck in it.
Fish did what in it, Dr. Howell?
W.C. Fields doesn't drink water.
Didn't drink water because he said fish fuck in it.
Oh, that's the word I was wanting to hear.
I thought it was fish kissing in it.
But then somebody else I know says water
is too dangerous to drink
because all groundwater is now contaminated.
So he only drinks coconut milk.
Coconut milk in vast quantities.
Well, actually you can get a new thing from Japan
bottled in plastic called light water.
Half the hydrogen of old heavy water.
And you think I'm lying.
It's true.
They've got that stuff in a plastic bottle
with light water.
Coconut milk taken in vast quantities
is a natural laxative.
So he spends his time scuttling from the commode
to his computer.
I'll guarantee you anybody who would create a bottle
diet water with coconut milk.
Would become a millionaire in this country overnight.
Just diet water.
Let's get in on the ground floor of the new diet water craze.
Half the hydrogen.
Fewer calories even than regular.
All of the oxygen.
There you go.
Diet water.
Light water.
Light in every respect except taste.
That's right.
You know what's missing from this conversation
is lonesome cowboy Dave and Dr. Philodrummond.
If they were here I could just go away and leave this
horrible noise just going on.
On thy belly shalt thou go and doth shalt thou eat all the days of thy life.
Everyone would talk to him but have a beer in legumes trailer.
Well that's the thing.
No one would shut up for even a second.
I thought we were supposed to come here and speechify.
Yes but they seem to think we're not allowed to speak at the same time.
It's the voices in your head Hal.
It's supposed to be voices in your head.
I know but you never know when the wonderful enlightening words of wisdom
are going to come forth.
Well this way it ensures that
when they finally do come forth no one will be able to understand them.
Well that's the whole idea of prophecy isn't it?
It's the whole idea of understanding it until it happens.
If it makes sense it's no longer a thing.
Actually Jesus, there's a part in the Bible where Jesus basically says
don't try to preach to the others because those who are not capable of
understanding the message will run around repeating a garbled version of it.
And boy did they do that.
So he basically was going don't try to save everybody's soul.
They're not worthy.
Only a few can understand these parables.
And God damn if he wasn't right.
There's only so much room on the saucers.
Holy head shit.
Don't worry folks.
Lightning never strikes in the same place twice.
I saw that lightning bolt hit.
Yeah I did too.
I heard it.
That settles it.
Bob paid for it.

Sinners in the hands of an angry God.
I think it hit the reverend with the long hair out there in the back of the church.
I'm surprised the power's still on.
I don't think anybody wants to go and see what happened to the people in the grind house.
Yeah it's the grind house.
Fight see Taj is running down there to see how many.
Yes it was a divine message from Jehovah.
Did it knock out the grind house?
We have been blaspheming up here and he is tired of it.
So he has thrown a thunderbolt.
A bolt of Zeus like intensity.
A petulant fit from senile Jehovah one.
And probably was aiming at us being old and senile.
He missed us and hit the grind house.
The thunderer's bolts.
Old Nobodad.
Yes.
Is it hammered together by Hephaestus in his celestial forge?
This is where the saucers come up from under the earth in time for X day.
And the water is under the earth.
We kept saying where are the X's?
We were walking on top of them.
They were just waiting to be activated.
Right remember how the Spielberg war of the worlds begins.
Lightning can't strike twice the same.
Slowly the earth buckled and gradually the silver forms slipped through the fishes and men.
And the heavy play of sexual textures was worth it.
Now there was a lightning struck.
It was a vision Dr. Howe.
It was a vision of wondrous.
When that lightning bolt hit all of a sudden I had this.
This flash of the discs among the tree.
Oh it was a moment of.
And the tantalizing whiff of ozone.
It was an epiphany.
I have a true X day Starwood lightning story.
Yes.
It happened at Brushwood.
After a failed X day.
At Starwood.
Or maybe it was the festival in between.
Lightning struck a metal pole.
They forget Dr. Howe.
A dozen people fell down.
Nobody was severely injured.
But all the merchants that were around the area.
And one of them was Mrs. Blipo Abernathy at the time.
The former Mrs. Abernathy.
And she said that it felt like.
It knocked her out.
Beware the dreadful lightning flash.
She said I feel like I've had this one set of batteries my whole life.
And they've just been changed.
She said that she had a little bit of trouble calculating.
Change for people at her shop.
Yeah I was going to ask.
Did the prices go down after that?
Or the all dreaded thunderstorm.
It reminds me of the time I was up in the Andes.
Dr. Howe and I was caught in a vicious.
This is a true story.
A vicious thunderstorm.
At this camp we were at with some friends.
And immediately behind the camp was this enormous spur of granite.
That went up like 200 feet.
And we were camped in the lee of that.
And this thunderstorm came in.
And we thought this is amazing.
This is terrific.
Look at that.
And the lightning came down and hit that piece of granite.
Struck it.
Or came up from it.
And that thing rang like a gong.
A big huge multi ton piece of stone.
Rang like a big gong.
Wait a minute.
This sounds like the beginning of the monolith monster.
As if it receives millions of megavolts of electrical energy.
Yeah it was amazing.
It was like somebody went boing.
Oh there it went again.
On cue.
As you pointed out, lightning does not fall from heaven but actually rises from the earth.
No more boing.
In the interest of full disclosure, all these thunder sound effects are being added by Ivan Stang on the mixing board.
Yes we'll put all these sound effects in in post.
Don't worry about it.
Actually there really is no thunderstorm.
We're making this up and Stang is putting the movements in the flexors.
We're not even sitting at the same table.
We're all calling in on phone lines.
In fact we're not really at Wisteria.
We're sitting in the city.
We're sitting in a little smelly room.
And that's why we're staying in the slacker mansion.
We're upstairs making this show and pretending we're in Ohio.
Drinking instant coffee with Cremora.
We're too well informed to actually attend next day anymore.
Why drive all the way there when we're...
So we're just...
Why should we participate in such low class goings on?
Ours is a high and lonely destiny.
It's sort of like this...
Lonely is right.
How many people have gotten the audience here?
Not many.
Five?
But you're the best...
The best driven in the audience in the entire...
They know they'll be able to hear it a lot better on Hour of Slack three months from now.
I hope I'll be able to hear it a lot better on the Hour of Slack and so on.
Yeah, I'm curious as to what's been said.
Yeah, it's kind of like a Grateful Dead concert, you know.
I mean, if you want to go and get the drugs, you attend the concert.
If you want to hear the music, then you get the albums.
I missed my Grateful Dead concert.
Didn't hear a bit of it.
Put me sound right to sleep.
But you got the drugs.
I want to tell you, I agree with you because I went to see them one time and it was the most boring band I have ever seen.
Was that at Armadillo, by any chance?
No, it was in San Antonio at that big convention center thing.
And it was, I forget who, Mott the Hoople or somebody like that opened for them.
And then it was the Grateful Dead and they were just...
I was able to stay awake all through New Riders of the Purple Sage, but man, ten minutes into the Dead, I was dead.
Well, that's why they named him that.
I found out that even the Grateful Dead audience has it.
I remember I was a good smathering of conspiracy thinking when I was given a pair of tickets to attend the Grateful Dead.
And because I wasn't that interested in them at that time, I went out to sell them.
This is at Stanford campus.
So I just said, Grateful Dead tickets, 20 bucks.
And someone came up to me and said, he's a counterfeiter.
He's a counterfeiter.
Don't buy those tickets.
Nobody sells Grateful Dead tickets for 20 bucks a pair.
And I went, okay, fine.
Grateful Dead tickets, $50.
Someone else came up, bought it from me.
True story.
A true subgenius.
And I told you.
This membership's $135.
There's a Grateful Dead national museum and shrine where they have a huge statue of Jerry Garcia's hand, which is missing the middle finger.
Well, actually, it has a little stub, doesn't it?
Yeah, he's stubby.
That's because he overused it.
He's got a stumpy middle finger.
It's stumpy, yeah, sure.
You know, but if you had that one finger, think what you can get on it for eBay.
I mean, that would just be Jerry Garcia's middle finger.
Well, we sold Puzzling Evidence's teeth here at an X Day auction one year.
And now it's 310, ten minutes after the hour of three as we broadcast from the famous X Day.
And I'm going to have to edit the hell out of this if it ever ends up on the air.
Any time you go to one of those legends or special Gold's Gym.
Have faith, doctor.
Have faith.
We're here to support Jim.
No, we're here to not have faith.
That giant medicine ball.
Well, how many weeks do we have?
All we have is faith in Bob.
That's Enterprise.
5D.
That's what I'm saying.
Have faith in Bob.
You'll be able to edit the show.
Put that Bob head up on the wall and he'll smile at you.
Yeah, that old Bob head will...
You've been doing this for 1,369 weeks?
I ask you.
That's your karma, doctor.
I've been doing this stupid show every week for 1,369 goddamn weeks.
Dang.
And your point is?
I might tell you at least done 1,400.
And hopefully this...
Tomorrow will be the last one.
And then the answers will be...
The last one.
And we won't have to go through the horrible token July 5th hour of slack where we go,
oh, well, maybe it was...
They were tiny.
Yeah, that's it.
We stepped on them.
Oh, that was last year's show.
Oh, maybe...
They're invisible.
Maybe they got the wrong planet.
No, they're invisible.
We just couldn't see them because we weren't pure enough.
Yeah, we weren't pure enough.
We couldn't see...
We didn't have enough naked girls.
We weren't clean enough.
We weren't good enough.
We didn't raise the prices enough.
69.
There's always some idiotic excuse for why the...

Religion completely bottomed out and failed.
Of course.
But what other religion doesn't have the same thing?
We just have more of it.
All religions go in for it.

We have...
We are...
We get to be hypocritical every single year to the max.
And these other people are still waiting.
We have more freedom of hypocrisy.
The Christians are still waiting.
They're going, oh, the rapture's gonna come.
We're still waiting.
We're so happy.
Oh, Jesus rules.
And we know that's all a bunch of...
Well, that's how we separate the people who have two faces.

And those who don't.
And those who don't.
All the other religions have...
They don't give you a way of proving that they're bogus.
We have a way of showing that you truly do believe, that you see every single year that
it doesn't work, and yet you still believe.
That is faith.
This is faith.
That is faith.
That's what I'm talking about.
You should have that faith, Dr. Friedrich.
The FIB.
The Jehovah's Witnesses can't out-cook us.
And believe me, they try.
In fact, our book, Revelation X, was actually based on one of their books, loosely, in a
structural sense.
I thought it was the Watchtower.
I thought their book was based on us.
Well, we do owe a lot to Watchtower and the Wake.
Papa Joe Mama and I were on a bus and...
...free Jehovah's Witness magazines that you find in laundromats.
In fact, the original...
Our profane conversations...
Bob originally commissioned us to do that first pamphlet to leave around in laundromats
for free.
Our Bible carrying Jehovah's Witness.
But when I paid the printing bill...
He left his book of kookery behind.
...it went against my every grain.
And he took it.
That's genius.
What, give something away?
And we reshaped it into...
Surely he meant one dollar.
...Revelation X, the Bible...
But see, I got that pamphlet for free, and look how much money I gave back to the church.
But as profane...
Yeah, but it was Bolivian money.
Well, it was still money.
What do you want?
I mean, you know, just because your dad couldn't figure out what the relationship was between
10,000 old pesos and new...
You actually did send us 600 bucks at one point.
Yes.
But those are old...
He had money at one time.
Those were silver certificates.
Yes, believe it or not.
Then he joined the...
And he donated to the church, and now he's a...
Penniless.
...a pensioner.
A pensioner, yes.
Go to the international airport and have a change at the terminal.
Sitting in the sun, waiting for the flowers to bloom.
Into your local currency.
Looking at my cat, wondering when the Xs are coming.
He was a rich rancher in Bolivia with all the cocaine he could possibly want, and then
he joined the church of the subgenius.
And look what happened.
And he was wiping the butts of some of the...

He was wiping the butts of some of the severely retarded high school kids for...
15 years.
15 years.
And he got more slack.
That's the weird thing about it.
Horatio Alger story.
Yeah.
Gee, Gordon Gordon got more slack wiping retarded kids' butts than he did as a rich
smuggler living the life of James Bond.
No, I was a stinking white overlord for a while there.
Well, that's why he gets all the good shit.
Down in the steaming jungle.
Direct inspiration from the subgeni.
But then those ants came.
Yes.
The green...
The army ants came to green hell and ate all of his hell.
Superior mutants.
I mean, every one of those pieces of tissue had some holy message on it.
It happens periodically.
It was the inflation monsters that drove me away when I was having to carry 50 pounds
of money just to buy a beer.
You just have to look at that message and decipher it in much the same way a Rourke
inkblot...
Oh, that's the message Bob wants me to give in this week's sermon.
So Gordon's sermons based on the tissue paper from his superior mutants, that's the source
of much of our salvation.
It's the best shit there is.
What's he talking about?
It sounds illicit.
We have to listen back to the tape.
Yes, this will all be edited out.
That's how we're able to make these statements.
That's right.
We don't condone anything irregular.
We have to watch out for the FCC and...
John Law might be listening.
We don't want them to know where we get all our great ideas.
You know, actually, if I send out a show with cussing on it, Reverend Susie the Fluesy
will personally beat me up.
Oh dear.
And not in the fun way.
Oh dear.
You know, some of us actually have shows on real stations that air while children are

With listeners, no less.
I've got listeners who force their kids to listen to Hour of Slack.
Now, Johnny, don't forget to listen to your Hour of Slack before going to bed.
That's right.
They have these tiny earbuds.
They're really listening to rap songs or something.
Yes, our tiny earbuds.
If you're not good, we will send you to bed.

We will send you to bed without the Hour of Slack.
It is, I have to admit, horrible at times when people walk up to me and go,
Wow, that Bob stuff.
Yeah, my parents were into that.
They made me read that stuff.
You know, it's like, oh my God.
How sad.
Or even worse, Hour of Slack.
I used to listen to Hour of Slack when I was a teenager.
And this is a 40-year-old you're talking to.
You mean Bob?
He's still alive?
And I always end up having to go, it's still on.
He's not for long.
Maybe I shouldn't tell that story at every Hour of Slack and more people would listen.
It's also become a part of our traditions.
No, it's old is new again.
That's the way we look at it at the Church of the Subgenius.
Recycling is the new green.
That's right.
The green church.
Yes, we're not going to pollute the atmosphere anymore with new ideas.
Right, air pollution.
We'll just use the same old.
Recycle.
We'll recycle.
What's wrong with recycling?
We'll just recycle everything.
We have to.
We are recycling.
We have been for 30 years.
Oh, I just realized that.
Geez, I thought it was all new stuff.
Well, how would you know?
How would any of us know if it was new or old?
It's synthesis.
That's what it is.
Recombining in an ever more entertaining way.
We've been saying the same thing every five minutes.
Yes, that's right.
Well, I think it's important for the scholars out there, I think there may be one or two of them, to make the distinction.
And Dr. Howell, I think, could second this notion that the Church of the Subgenius wasn't invented in the 1950s or anything.
It was discovered.
There's a big difference, an invention versus a discovery.
The Church of the Subgenius is now and forever will be and it forever was.
So it cannot be invented because it was always there.
It was just a matter of, it's like fire.
You don't invent fire.
You discover fire.
And you don't invent dobs.
You discover dobs.
You discover a method of contacting dobs.
Yeah, but I mean, on the old ones, the head launchings were real.
I mean, the old versions of the Church really did have heads on pipes.
And being launched from cattle.
And the blood rush.
Now we just pretend.
Gah.
We ritually enact it.
The original subgenius church, the Spanish Inquisition, they knew how to do it right.
Well, that's the way it is with all the religions.
I mean, back in the brutal days.
The Russian Orthodox Church, Ivan the Terrible, my grandfather.
Mormons really did have multiple wives.
I thought that was you, Ivan the Terrible.
No, I'm descended from you.
I am, in fact, the legal heir to the throne of all the Russias.
And the crown jewel.
On all pot slack, they call you Ivan the Terrible.
This is why they resisted...
I don't expect anybody to believe me.
That's a common delusion.
Well, I'm related to the King of England, so...
Are you really?
Well, hell no.
Which one?
None of them.
I thought it was your wife that was the Anastasia.
But if you can say Ivan the Terrible, I can certainly say the King of England.
You're saying she's no longer Anastasia?
I thought she was the heiress that disappeared.
Right, yeah.
Oh, okay, okay, okay, I got it.
Well, except they found her skull.
Yep.
Yeah, I thought that was the skull that you were...
Wouldn't believe that she had her skull.
So it's really her.
Her skull was surgically removed.
So you're descended from the illegitimate...
To commit an imposture.
...person who pretended to be Anastasia, even though Anastasia...
No, no, no, no.
I'm the illegitimate descendant of Rasputin...
Rasputin, ah!
...and the Tsarina Alexandra, the last Tsar.
The mad monk.
Yes.
And he's been sleeping with Anastasia.
My real name is Ivan Stankovich, but they...
But isn't that a Jewish name?
Actually, it's Ivan Romanov Rasputin Stankovich.
Of course, when we moved to America, we Americanized it to Smith.
Well, didn't you?
I thought it was Smith.
And then in order to come off, in order to convince Hollywood people that I was Jewish,
I changed it to Stank.
Now, you're leaving out the other...
You started as Smith, then you changed it to Smut, and then from that to Smith.
Actually, you want to know something really horrible?
Yes.
My first name, Douglas, is really named after the family who adopted my grandfather.
His real last name, which would be my first name had the adoption not happened, was
McNutt.
M-C-N-U-T-T.
I thought it was Shuffler Gruber.
So, I technically could be...
My real human street name would be McNutt St. Clair Smith.
One nut.
One...
I have the nut in my...
As it is, I have an ass in my name.
The Douglas has two S's.
I have a...
So, you heard it here first, folks.
So technically, I've got eight cheeks.
Well, this is a common theme in people, historical figures.
I've got eight.


I mean, Hitler was supposed to be Shuffler Gruber, but it changed to Hitler and who
you are.
Don't we know somebody with a name like that in the West Coast?
McNutt.
Stank.
I mean, it just wouldn't be the same.
You don't say, hail McNutt.
Douglas.
Somebody.
Well, it would sound too perfect.
It's like the St. Clair part.
I've got a damn saint's name in the middle of my name.
My family's...
No one in my family's ever been Catholic.
And the St. Clair...
And the St. Clair...
St. Clair is the patron saint of television.
But actually, isn't St. Clair an appellation of an old English noble family?
I don't think it's Catholic at all.
I think it's an old...
There are no coincidences.
Everything happens for a reason.
Actually, St. Clair is the patron saint of television.
Yes, I just said that.
You can always tell yourself it was Catholic.
If you'd have been listening, Stan, I would have heard that.
He doesn't listen.
If he hadn't been talking, I would have heard.
I wasn't talking.
What?
I wasn't talking.
When did that ever happen?
Prove to me that that has happened.
He wasn't talking to you.
Because we're not the type to preach it.
We're talking for the historical record.
Hey, man, let's do this more often.
Oh.
If all the subgenius preachers were to shut up, the foreheads themselves would open up
and scream.
Well, we seem to have bypassed the recent lightning storm, momentary tantrum from the

Now, we were going to do an Ask Dr. Howe.
I'm here to ask Dr. Howe.
I'm here.
Ready and waiting.
Now, to do Ask Dr. Howe, the thing is that we need to hand out the—if anyone has a
question, there are pens and pencils here, and here is paper to write it on.
The way Dr. Howe works is you have paid your X-Day fee, so he'll answer your question
for nothing.
No, I never—
But if you grease the brain cells of people—


Because if Dr. Howe, with a dollar or five-dollar bill or something like that, you'll get a
cleaner, finer brand of bullshit.
Right.
You'll have the slickest—slickest snot on a door handle he'll be.
It's my advice.
It's my advice.
It's your question.
Slicker than snail shit.
What?
Anybody knows advice is what you—worth what you pay for it, so—
Now, in advance, let me warn everyone who participates.
The question—
Oh, what?
What question should I ask has already been asked a thousand times.
It doesn't matter.
It's up to them what question they want to ask, even if it's one of those hoary old chestnuts.
And that was my question, is what question should I ask, Dr. Hal.
When do they have fruit or vegetables?
They have fruit and vegetables.
Standing on the corner.
Fruitus evidurus.
Chestnut whores.
I've never heard of that.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, what songs the siren sang or the name Achilles used when he hid himself among women?
Who killed the toads in the rice that ate the poppy cockalorum and the cockahoopatrice?
I can give you the answer to these esoteric questions, but you must actually justify your question with a slight donation.
Otherwise, I shall know that you honor your...
Your query not.
And it will inhibit my ability to be engaged with your answer.
Very nicely put, Dr. Hal.
It's just like a warning, like the fine print on the box.
Well, we have a question, but we do not have the emolument.
At any rate, that's at least a slight flicker of response, which is perhaps better than we are entitled to.
Would you like to read that?
Yes, I'll go ahead and read the questions.
Oh, this is two questions with no money.
With no offering.
What is going...
No, no money.
Well, I...
Bring a man a cookie.
Bring a man a cookie or something.
Bottle of water.
That's all right.
An old dead centipede.
Forge ahead.
Just got to make an offering.
It's a meaningless ritual.
Okay, here's the first question.
With a cleaving from society's laws and morals.
From the little boy up in the front asks, WTF?
What?
The...
What the...
What the frack?
Bureau of Wienerschnitzel, Tobacco and Firearms.
What does your Facebook middle name, Cypress, mean?
Sick, he wrote.
Cypress Sick.
Well, it's a sick Cypress.
I think it's misspelled a little bit.
Well, he did spell it wrong.
My name isn't spelled in this fashion like say-frez.
It is Cypress.
And so the use of the...
The Latin syllable sick as it were thus is wrong.
Absolutely.
It appears with an I where you have a Y.
But it is Welsh and of a significant vintage.
Among the ancestors of this Welsh clan are Macduff.
You may remember Macduff.
Lay on.
That's one of my ancestors, Macduff.
Who from his mother's womb...
Was untimely ripped.
Yeah.
And his father laid on that Macduff.
The only one who could kill the Macbeth who had a charmed life.
His father laid on that Macduff.
So I'm actually entitled to wear a kilt if I want to.
But I don't want to.
What's your fave kids TV commercial jingle or song?
Can you perform it now?
As if I liked TV kids commercials.
It's difficult.
But like R. Crumb and many others, I'm tormented by never being able to forget all the hundreds
and thousands of TV commercials which were poured into my awakening brain at an early
age.
So now I could recapitulate them.
But to do them stimulates the presence of a brain worm.
I see Priestess Pisces is here with more questions.
But first I have to come up with some damn kid TV commercial.
I don't know.
Poor Jingle.
I'm accessing.
Where did the yellow go?
I couldn't include the theme song.
What yellow?
I wonder where the yellow went.
This isn't a kids TV commercial, but you'll wonder where the yellow went when you brush
your teeth with Pepsodent.
Yai, yai, yai.
Do you want him in the band?
Sure, sure.
How about the theme song?
Reverend Heathen has just brought the sacred ranch-style bean supply, so there will be
a pyroflatulation contest later tonight.
Only Parliament gives you.
At midnight on the stage.
Parliament gives you.
Don't bring any gasoline or flammables.
The filters are recessed and made to stay unneat.
Green quarter inch away.
That's not a children's commercial.
Every Parliament gives you.
Dr. Howell, check it out.
Extra margin.
Smoke a Parliament cigarette.
Thank you.
Dr. Howell, do you remember the theme song to Underdog?
Excellent.
Excellent indeed.
Got any more in there?
Well, you're not smoking cool, cool, cool all the time till you move up to cool.
Cool.
Cool's activated charcoal filter lets that flavor through.
Feel extra coolness in your smoke as cool comes through for you.
You're not smoking cool, cool, cool all the time till you come up to cool.
Here's one.
It says, why do things do things?
Well, as you know, or perhaps as you do not know, most things do not do things.
And all through the universe, one looks almost in vain for things that do things.
And in fact, for things at all.
Because most of the universe is empty space, unused, with only a few floating hydrogen atoms in it.
But at interesting parts of our universe, there are things.
There is matter, first of all.
And it's very curious that when you inject energy into matter, as in...
from a cozy, comfortable hydrogen-helium fusion reaction like we get from our star,
the center of the heating system,
then matter shows a strange propensity for self-organization.
Not even is this confined to living matter.
But crystalline formation occurs.
And complex formulations of crystals occur,
like the ones in that giant cave recently discovered,
in Mexico.
But of course, beyond that, life continues to organize itself into complex life forms.
And these things do things in order, here's your answer,
to maintain their level of organization.
So never stand in the way of this directive, for it is also thy directive.
And now here's another one.
It says, tell about the Zilch Zond.
Zop, zoop, you know, under fire and the drip.
Is this one line?
Tell about the Zilch.
Zop, zop, or is it 20p?
Or is it 200p?
Or is it zop, zoop?
Dr. Howell, I think he's talking about that plastic thing that we used to tie in knots
and drop over a bucket, set on fire over a bucket of water, and then it went zop.
That? You mean the Zilch Zop Zoop?
Yeah.
Yeah, the Zilch Zop Zoop.
Dr. You mean drop burning, making noises and hit the Zop?
It's kind of like the modern pastime of creating Barneys,
as they are called, with lighter fluid inside a large glass vessel.
Well, it's a harmless way for enterprising, eager youngsters to entertain themselves.
And of course they can go on from there to more virile and deadly explosions.
Ah, see there's some more.
Here in the bounteous bosom of Priestess Pisces,
I'll continue to remove these.
Oh, alright.
Nope, nothing.
Dr. I think she has some in her panties too, I'm not sure.
Well, we'll get there.
Now, here's one, before I even unwrap this other one.
Now things are elevated and correct.
And here we go.
Were the fruits orange and peach named after the colors or vice versa?
Well, actually, they, the colors, vice versa is the answer.

The orange is orange.
Orange and the peach, certainly there was no color peach before the first hairy, shambling,
primitive progenitor of modern man sunk his yellowing canines into a tempting peach hanging on the tree.
Oh, can you imagine the delectable flavor of that first peach?
Its scent and the rush of juices into the questing mouth of this hungry man.
Hungry humanoid.
And we have to give these cavemen, as they are called, although few actually lived in
caves, a lot of credit for, not only for eating the first peach, which is kind of a no-brainer,
compared to, say, eating the first lobster?
What adventurous, primitive gourmand is going to do that?
Or clams?
Oysters?
Queasy things that people, even today, feel qualms about eating.
Were easily snapped up by the avid choppers of Homo neanderthalensis and early human types.
Peking men, Zinjanthropus.
But in their defense, it may be said that they were almost always real hungry.
Now here's one I have.
Oh, we already did this one.
That one's from Papa Joe Mama.
It's a very good question.

All right.
How long will the pleasure saucer take to arrive to Planet X?
Well, you know, they operate in a different timeframe than we do here.
You might say it could all take place between the beats of your heart or the kick of your watch.
Eh, Reverend Stang?
Well, I was going to say I have never seen any evidence that the saucers are going to Planet X at all.
But how long does it take to go there?
I've never even asked where they're going yet.
They're from Planet X. We know that.
They're from Planet X.
We don't even know whether they're going to Planet X.
We get our own saucers. We go wherever we want.
Well, maybe they need to stop and, you know, drop off their laundry, pick up their mail, before they head out into the deeps of space.
Maybe they're so big they're actually larger than Planet X. They are the new Planet X.
Well, that we will find in good time.
But I'm sure you all remember.
The planet Mongo, ruled over by the pitiless Ming the Merciless, right?
Ah, yes.
The planet Mongo was a wandering planet that entered our solar system and caused trouble, caused the Arabs to riot and so forth,
and caused Flash Gordon with Dr. Zarkov and Dale Arden to rocket off and land and begin an endless series of adventures.
Well, this was laughed at by sneering, snobbish scientists.
Until just last year, when it was discovered that there are wandering planets.
Not just asteroids and other celestial bodies, but unaffiliated planets.
And they might well wander into our solar system just in time to give the special launching platform for the Xists.
And they might also give them an added boost of speed, always necessary in sidereal navigation.
Indeed, interstellar travel requires a lot of time.

Just as much as it requires the enormous amount of energy, greater than any found on Earth, to achieve the proper acceleration.
But you also have to stop.
And stopping in space is another suite of problems.
However, I think I'm through with that question.
Do you like me?
Is the question I now have.
And there's a place I can check.
Yes, no, maybe.
Hmm.
How interesting.

How would you answer such a question, G. Gordon Gordon?
What do you think this questioner is really asking?
Because often we have to determine the question behind the question.
I think they're insecure, Dr. Howell, because they need approval.
But who needs my approval?
I think it's more likely that I'm being mocked by some sneering person who doesn't care one way or the other whether...
No, no, Dr. Howell.
We respect your marvelous intelligence.
It could be that they maybe have a crush on you.
Ah, it could be.
Well, my answer then must not crush them in return.
Let me just say that I, of course, like every subgenius, I welcome all subgeniuses at any time.
Just as Ivan Stang does.
Yes, these elder subgeniuses are the nicest folks on Earth.
Salt of the Earth.
And if you come and want to stay at their house and eat their food and hang out as long as you want,
and ask them as many questions about Bob and subgeniuses as you want,
you know you're welcome.
And so the answer is resoundingly, as it must be, in the affirmative.
What's that in your decolletage?
Let me just find. Is there any money in there?
Well, are you sure?
That's a freebie.
Well, all right. That's all right.
I think I'd have to dig deeper to make sure.
Okay. Now here we are.
If a train leaves Seattle at 2.43 p.m. and travels at 75 miles an hour for 537 miles,
50 miles per hour for an hour afterwards,
and stops twice on the way to South Dakota's largest cheese factory,
will G. Gordon Gordon unscrew his wooden hand and smoke it?
That's a really good question.
Yes. Well, is that what it would take?
You know, I have Dr. G. Gordon Gordon right here.
I don't need to guess at this answer.
I can simply ask him, is this what it would take to get you to unscrew your southpaw hand?
I bet he screws his own wooden hand three times a day.
Yes, but it says, and smoke it.
Because, you know, once it's smoked, it's gone.
I must answer that question and say that I only use a vaporizer,
so I cannot tell you whether I would smoke it or not.
But I certainly would inhale it if I could unscrew it.
Well, there you have the answer.
It will not be smoked. It will be inhaled, whatever the provocation.
But smoking, that's so passé.
So passé.
That's so the old way, not the new way that we avidly embrace.
All right, we're going to take a brief break now.
And I would also like to add that if you do not have your green band on by 5 o'clock,
Dr. LeGume will be going among the people to find out.
Why you don't have a green band.
Why you don't have your electro-stimulo-negative-reinforcement bracelet.
And in fact, shortly here, the enforcers will be out in force,
looking to see who is trying to sneak under the radar by not receiving their wristbands.
They are ushers. They're simply to guide you in the appropriate path.
Pay no attention to the sharp objects in their belt or in their hand.
It's not the sharp objects that are so worrisome.
It's the blunt objects that bother me.
Well, if you're offered a blunt, take the offer up.
Take it advisedly.
I do believe that the tape has been changed.
So Papa Joe is welcome to come back up.
He can stay down there.
Yeah, but we're almost done.
I have one more question.
That was just handed to me by a young fellow.
Maybe you should grab that beer while we're grabbing this book.
Yeah, and I never did get my pie of sky meat.
All right.
Well, this is a question here.
Was Socrates actually Socratic is the question.
And of course, the answer is none was ever more.
That question and answer method, which we kind of honor here at the show,
is a good way to find out not only what you are capable of learning,
but what you already knew.
The idea is you already know the answer, just as I know that when I achieve the goal,

these little slips, I have the answer in my hand.
Because every question contains the germ or seed of the answer.
Indeed, the idea of a question presupposes the idea of an answer.
Both are concepts of equal meaning or lack of meaning,
which we project upon the inexpressive face of the universe.
Just as in ancient days, the god of a people might be, let us say,
a meteoric stone which fell from heaven over whose rough and rugated surface
the blood of the sacrificial victim was often splashed,
and in dripping from its surface sometimes was conceived to resemble
the peering, leering face of the god.
Later generations made a more acceptable god, perhaps the beautiful figure of Venus,
or a young woman, which they clothed in silk,
in spectacular raiment.
Because the method always is to refine things,
until ultimately we refine it entirely out of existence again,
the invisible, intangible god that you can't see, hear, or even whiff.
Well, does that end us? Should I say a poem?
Are we through with the Ask Dr. Hell show?
Sure, yeah.
So let's have that poem, and I will conclude this session of Ask Dr. Hell.
I was a windy boy and a bit,
and the black spit of the chapel fold
sighed the old ramrod dying of women.
I tiptoed shy in the gooseberry wood.
The rude owl cried like a tell-tale tit.
I skipped in a blush as the big girls rolled nine pin down
on the donkey's common.
And on seesaw Sunday nights,
I wooed whoever I would with my wood,
and with wicked eyes,
the whole of the moon I would love and leave
all the green-leaved little wedding's wives
in the coal-black bush and let them grieve.
When I was a windy boy and a bit,
and the black spit of the chapel fold
sighed the old ramrod dying of bitches.
Not a boy and a bit by the wick-dipping moon,
but drunk as a new-dropped calf,
I whistled all night in the twisted flues.
Midnight wives grew in the midnight ditches,
and the sizzling beds of the town cried quick
whenever I dove in a breast-high shoal,
wherever I ramped in the clover quilts.
Whatsoever I did in the coal-black night,
I left my quivering prints.
When I was a man,
you could call a man,
and the black cross of the holy house
sighed the old ramrod dying of welcome.
Brandy and ripe in my bright bass prime,
no spring-tailed tom in the red-hot town
with every simmering woman his mouse,
but a hillicky bull in the swelter of summer
come in his great good time
to the sultry-biding herd,
I said.
Oh, time enough when the blood creeps cold,
and I lie down but to sleep in bed
for my sulking, skulking coal-black soul.
When I was a half of the man I was,
and served me right as the preacher's warn,
sighed the old ramrod dying of downfall.
No flailing calf or cat in a flail-towel,
no flame or hickory bowl in milky grass,
but a black sheep with a crumpled horn.
At last the soul from its foul mouse-hole
slung pouting out when the limp time came,
and I gave my soul a blind-slashed eye,
gristle and rind an aurora's life,
and I shoved it into the coal-black sky
to find a woman's soul,
and I gave my soul a blind-slashed eye,
and I shoved it into the coal-black sky.
Now I am a man, no more, no more,
and a black reward for a roaring life,
sighed the old ramrod dying of strangers.
Tidy and cursed in my dove-cooed room,
I lie down thin and hear the good bell's jaw,
for, oh, my soul found a sunday wife
in the coal-black sky,
and she bore angels,
harpies around me out of her womb.
Chastity prays for me, piety sings,
innocence sweetens my last black breath,
modesty hides my thighs in her wings,
and all the deadly virtues plague my death.
Thank you.
This is box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio,
44118subgenius.com.
