This is KNON 9.9 FM, Dallas.
I'm Robert Wisdom, and you've been listening to the American Music Party.
And get ready for the hour of slack.
Please notify us.
We're thrilled to be on the subgenius show.
We're preparing to blast.
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
Rock it away.
Rock it away.
Rock it away.
Rock it away.
In our last episode, you may remember,
Sterno went completely out of control and would not shut up.
We finally had to wrestle him to the floor and continue without him.
But today, we receive the poor, battered spirit of puzzling evidence
from the great Ukabalaponga beyond
and attempt to put him back together
using the latest in modern miracles of surgery and precision alchemy.
Hello, I'm Dr. Howell,
and we'll be stumbling on through tonight's program,
putting together the ravaged corpse of our one-time Klonedam colleague and friend.
So without further delay, let's rock.


Rock it away and get down to that operating amphitheater
of the endless circus of horrors,
the circus of the soul,
the dark night of the soul bookstore,
and related agencies.
In just eight minutes, the earth behind us looks like a giant.
Captain, captain, stop the rocket.
I left my wallet in another suit.
It isn't in my pocket.
You won't need your wallet here.
A thousand miles from the atmosphere,
we're on the first moon rocket.
Stop that rocket now.
Stop it.
We're on the first moon rocket.
I just don't know what we're going to do here.
Men will be traveling to the planets.
No, we won't.
Turn it off.
There are nine important planets circling our sun.
We're going to look like this, Howell.
The subject is a 33-year-old male in good physical condition.
Here are the traumatic lesions which occasion the death of the subject,
and we are going to enter,
through the sternum first by snipping away the outer surface of the manubrium,
and pop the main ribs of the, well, the floating ribs to float down the Mississippi to the ocean.
Uh, let me see, has anyone got a, uh, uh, uh, one of those little shiny things?
Uh, it's off.
Yeah.
That's it.
Listen.
Listen.
Well, squeaky clean.
The only way to do a show.
Woo!

Woo!





Hmm?
Hmm!
Hmm!
Hmm!
Hmm!
Hmm!
Hmm!
Hmm!
Hmm!
Hmm!
Hmm!
Hmm!

Hey, King.
Watch shaking.
My everything.
Come on!
Get up off that chair!
Follow me!
Ready?
Go!
The Soap Genius.
Our home.
What?
The Soap Genius.

We're staying up late for her, wouldn't you say?
Definitely.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Hey!
Hey!

Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!








Hey!
Hey!
Hey, there you go.
Wow.
This is fantastic, guys.
You've got to love these.
Astounding!
Crazy.
Silly!
Tut, tut, tut, tut.
Stang, the...
The sexiest man on Earth.
That's it, baby.
A young Adonis who's irresistible to women.
Help me.
I can't wait a moment longer.
I've got to have sex with you.
That's what they all say.
Yes.
Those nasty girls out there.
Well, anyway, let's see.
I can just knock that one out
and be ready to flip this one in.
And dear friends, Merry Christmas
to all and to all a good night.
Oh, you know, I am tired of running full speed
all week and all weekend.
This is my second show tonight, dear friends.
I'm going to do an interview
with a big FM rock and roll station
in Cleveland of all places.
There's a lot of sub-geni in Cleveland
and they're very vandalistic.
They put so much stuff up all over,
so many pictures of Bob up all over Cleveland
that we got a letter from the Cleveland Tribune
and the transit authority threatening to sue us.
Anyway, it was a great show.
It was like a phone interview in Cleveland
and there are a lot, we got a lot of hate calls.
There were a lot of friendly, unsaved people
who just didn't know about Bob before,
but were into it.
And then there were people who just plain didn't get it.
And then there were the hate calls.
It's funny how you get sub-genius,
you know, when you speak the true word of Bob
and really get down to business,
they get mad.
And we, when Buck and I were allowed to do the call-ins,
and it's a good thing we've done in a way,
we never got those hate calls.
We got very, very few.
And friends, I think that says something
about K and O-N listeners.
It says that you have sick minds.
You're a bunch of people that,
with sick minds, if you can put up with this show
and praise Bob.
Eey-yi-yi-yi-yi-yi.
But, oh, Christmas is a special time
in the sub-genius religion, just like all the others.
It's a time of slack, also called the season of turnover,
because it's near the nativity of Santa Claus.
And also, believe it or not,
Bob Dobbs was born on Christmas Day.
Not in this life.
As you know, there have always been Bobs.
And in his,
oh, 900-some-odd lifetimes,
Bob Dobbs, our great guru of the church,
of the sub-genius,
has happened to have been born on every day of the year,
which really makes every day Bob's birthday
and not only a good excuse,
but it makes it a law that you have to party, right?
But, friends, blessed, thank you, thank you,
for blessed are those who give,
and even more blessed, those who take.
And in that way,
I am thrice blessed,
because last week we actually did raise a good bit of moolah
for the pledge drive, $1,300 for the station.
Praise Bob!
We are on the air, thanks to you!
You right there who's sending the money,
and you right there who helped with the phones
and made brownies and so forth.
But you, uh-uh, no, not you, no, not you,
who decided he didn't have enough cash
to spare for Bob's religion and Bob's radio station.
Oh, no, no, you had other priorities.
What you gonna spend that money on?
Boy, cigarettes, liquor, liquor,
soundtrack album of true stories.
You gonna be hiding in a liquor bottle
come X day, my friend?
You think you, you there Mr. Pot Smoker,
you think you gonna hide in that reefer?
So I've got, that's right, I've got magic powers.
I see you sitting there with that joint
hanging out of your mouth.
Well, I hope you enjoy it, pal.
That joint could have gone to Bob,
and for all you know, he would have used that joint of yours
to clear up all the world's problems.
And you're the reason that there's still war
and hate and poverty.
Thanks, thanks so much.
Now friends, I'm gonna get on with the Christmas show.
This is actually a compilation
of last year's Christmas shows and a few other things.
But, but there's an important message that I have to impart.
And that is that we want to have a subgenius meeting.
Not a revival, not a revival,
but I wanna set up a meeting
with those of you, I keep getting calls from people
who want to, who want to help the church
in some way or another.
They wanna be involved with the show
or with Canoe Manor.
Do something, you know.
And, like I say, this ain't gonna be a revival.
It's not entertainment.
We wanna have a meeting for volunteers.
This is a non-profit situation.
Understand, you ain't going to be in for a big job
or nothing,
and not only that,
but we don't want everybody.
We don't want everybody.
We have to have sort of a screening, a test.
The problem, and I would tell you a time and a place to meet tonight, but I don't have
a place to meet.
We can't do it at my house for very obvious reasons to anybody who's ever been in the
evil subgenius castle.
Now, plus the fact that somebody there has chicken pot.
But if you out there, I'm going to play mostly tapes tonight, and if you out there want to
call me with the offer of letting us use your apartment, some single person out there probably,
although you know, somebody who's willing to have some people they don't know show up
at their place and meet the weird subgenius minister such as myself and some of the great
people we met at the parade, I need to set up a meeting, but I need a place to do it.
So call.
Call at 828-9500 or 823-7000.

823-7490 if you want to offer your place for a meeting place in the evenings sometime
after Christmas.
So at next show I can announce where the meeting's going to be because friends, this subgenius
thing has a lot of potential for actually giving people slack.
And if we had a little more help, a few more zombies, I think that we could really do something
for Bob and for the station.
This strictly subgenius thing.
But call me at 828-9500 or 823-7490 if you want to offer up your abode as a meeting place.
I really hope somebody calls.
I hope we get a choice.
And if I don't have time to talk, I'll take your number and call you back tomorrow or
something like that.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang at KNON 828-9500 or 823-7490.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.




And we all welcome...
We're starting all over again.
We're broadcasting down here from the Biblical Arts Center down here at KNON Radio.
KNON Radio.
We're watching the slides of the city here and here, of course, is the John Fitzgerald
Kennedy Memorial at Main and Market Streets.
You're listening to KNON Radio, and it's going to be a great time to watch the video.















Buck naked.
Myself, Doug Smith.
Who else will be on the show this morning?
I'm real sorry.
We're having some technical difficulties.
We keep getting our show all tangled up with these other subgenius shows from Texas.
We're broadcasting live from Telegraph Avenue in Berkeley.
This is some kind of a mix-up with our satellite communication system.
That's right.
We are having continuous mix-up.
How is view screen 2 over there?
Would you give me another signal there, Helswami?
Yeah, let me try this out here.
No, I'm not really picking you up.
We're going to have to...
I'm thinking as hard as I can.
All right.
We're just going to spread this microphone way out here.
Let me just try to...
Camera 2 doesn't seem to be working here in the station.
A little bit more.
There we go.
The cords have too much slack in them.
Yeah, there's...
But can you hear me?
Friends, you know, there's never such a thing as too much slack.
Bring the trauma bar over here.
We'll apply some tension to this thing.
Ah, yes, friends.
Some emotional stress.
This is Doug Wellman, Reverend Doug Wellman, also known as Puzzling Evidence,
here with Gary Gbrook, friend.
Say hi, girls, Gary.
And from the east into outer darkness, where there is wailing and gnashing of teeth,
Sir, please, give me just one more chance, sir.
I don't want to go to hell, sir.
Sir, no.
No.
Apparently, all the others will have something to pay for in the afterlife,
or the before life, whichever comes first.
They'll all be paying.
But, friends, we, like I say, we constantly have technical...
That's what these shows are all about, is technical difficulties.
Swing with us.
Swing with us.
Swing with us.



Strunk.
The milk chocolate melts in your mouth, not in your hand.
Barbecue and bed salt separately.
You put it together.
Hey, guys, guys, what's listening to?
Pop music.
Snap, crackle, pop music.
God's approval no longer needed.
Approved by God since 1730.
Someone called in last week and said that they were going to give us a chance,
but it seemed too disjointed.
And, friends, it's true.
You do have to understand about the Church of the Subgenius to understand the show,
but you also have to understand the Church of the Subgenius
in order to have any satisfaction in any area of your life at all.
So that may sound like a big,
big claim, but it's true.
Just keep listening and you shall find...
I got a new explanation.
Uh-huh.
We could explain the jokes to them, but that wouldn't save your souls.
Reverend Wellman, I got a new explanation for the Church of the Subgenius.
Yeah, Gary.
Okay.
You know, everybody thinks the Church of the Subgenius started about 1953 or so,
but that's not true.
It's a lot older than that,
and it dates back to the first time a couple of kids cut up in church.
Amen.
Yeah.
That's down there at Belt Springs, right?
You're tuned in to the etheric airwaves, my friend.
Bob said about all that?
Bob said, if you have to ask, you're never going to know.
Bob is the lesson which cannot be taught.
Just open yourself up to Bob, friend.
Just feel the Bob energy.
Open up to the isness of the business, the very beingness of Bob.
Can you lean in there and breathe on that radio?
Can you suck that power off of Bob?
It's coming through.
It's coming through the air.
You need to put the...
Put your hands on the radio, directly on the speakers.
Are you doing that, friend?
Are you on...
Yeah, my hands on the speakers.
Okay.
Okay, now...
If you have an electrical socket nearby, urinate into it.
You are on the air.
I know two people named Bob, and I'm just confused which one is the real one.
There's many false...
It's the right one, the one on the right.
There is only one right Bob.
Friends?
Ah, yes.
Listen to that music.
It's...
Every show is a Christmas show on KNOA.
It's coming in for the next couple of weeks, and we'll be doing our lovely subgenius Christmas show, too.
Again, and this is another hour of flat Christmas show.
We, uh...
And we're gonna service, uh, also, not just the, the, uh, Santa Clausians out there, but also those of other faiths.
You have to have a different excuse to worship things and toys and new goods around Christmas time.
I hate steps of time.
We...
This is, I think, friends, will be the only show...
You're gonna hear Bob and the Dillentones, lovely version of, uh, White Christmas.
Friends, this is, this is Bob and his band, the Dillentones.
I think you should enjoy it.
We sleep on a fantasy house.
All the same.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Merry and bright
And may all your Christmases be white
guitar solo
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
With every Christmas card I write
May your days be merry and bright
And may all your Christmases
All your Christmases
All your Christmases
All your Christmases
May all your Christmases
Be white
guitar solo
Dear friends, dear friends,
you wouldn't believe it.
But before I'd even finished talking a minute ago,
and see, this is going to save me
having to talk for the whole rest of this show.
The first call I picked up
was the perfect meeting place
for those who want to help out.
Now, that call was followed by about 20 others.
And I really appreciate all of that help,
you know, the offers of help.
Because there's a lot of,
you know, we do magazines,
we do all kinds of stuff.
And a meeting is what we need to have
just of the, the,
the worthy folks.
And next week I will be able to tell you
when and exactly the address.
This is, it's a nice centrally located
homey abode of a wonderful person
who we know well.
And of course, I'm sure the tough guys
of the church,
like,
the butt naked,
and Dr. Chaos and Reverend Zafod, all these big guys will be there to keep the sort of,
the mal-aligned normals who want to believe that they're subgeni in line.
And we'll have a mighty, mighty time there.
I'm going to go on with this Christmas show.
So if you have an offer of a place to hold the meeting, we don't really need one right now.
I'm going to get on with the tape.
I will answer the phone lines.
Can't do it on the air.
But praise Bob.
It is turnover.
The time of the year when all things sell.
The end of the year sale.
Oh, yeah.
So come and get it, everyone, and just buy our products.
Now, are we, is Christmas, I'm a little confused about what Christmas is all about.
Are we celebrating the birth of Santa Claus or his death when they nailed him?
Well, that's the ancient, ancient subgenie.
But the present subgenie.
We try to make sure that we have our inventories cleared by now and sell everything to the pigs.
Oh, yes.
Once a pagan holiday and now a shopping season.
And it was something else in between there.
Before it was after it was a pagan holiday and before it was a shopping season, it was something else.
But I think they started a war over it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, friends, we've got our own special Christmas carol.
That we're going to play.
That we're inventing as we go right now.
X is missed.
In the town.
Snap.
Damn.
That's some sound system.
Ho, ho, ho.
Ho, ho, ho.
Ho, ho, ho.
Ho, ho, ho.
Come one, come all.
From Bugs Bunny, Ewoks, C-3PO, and R2-D2.
Scooby-Doo.
Ho, ho, ho.
Ho, ho, ho.
Ho, ho, ho.
Merry Christmas to all.
They're so better.
Yes.
The Bright Zone.
You put it together.
The Bright Zone.
It's He-Bomb.
Hey, kids, you can help the mighty subgenius rice overthrow the evil normals with new Bob Dobbs action figure with rocket pipe.
What I wouldn't do.
From Bob Cobb.
Get new water cooling.
Ah!
He's starting to stand.
She gets a bite.
She's gonna play herself now.
She looks so proud.
Let's give her a hand.
That's my baby.
Up, upsy baby.
Upsy baby.
The doll that stands up.
She's new.
From Kenner.
Where illusion is the ultimate weapon.
We must buy our toys.
We have devised a marketing scheme for children's toys.
They will empower us to resist us.
You will be surprised.

You will use your church as a vehicle to bring these toys before the public.
It will be a Bobber for kids.
Do you understand and accept this lesson now?
For the usual.
You will be surprised.

You will be asked to tell if enough of yours and enjoy the forayer ritual.
For the troublesome struggles.
This λw play is all for you.
Review some pictures and it's not going down too sand.
It's a real place.
darlin bucks.
It's a property guy.



Girl.
I'm edgesBox.
The Rob is so happy.


changing the dollar bills and back again.
Yes, but how will the battle of good against evil be represented in your marketing schemes, human?
Good has lots of muscles.
Good. Good!
The primitive earth societies should accept this value judgment.
Good will have great physical attributes according to human desires, sexual desires, latent in children,
brought out through the vehicle of this so-called pharmaceutical business.

This boy's at church.
That was not good.
Skull farmers, that's good.
I think that may sell to the humans.
Skull farmers, little white duck bobs.
Hundreds of little bobs, each whispering their messages in the night to the little children as they sleep.
Too much is all.
It's always better than not enough.
Too much is always better than not enough.
Too much, too much, too much, too much, too much.
I'm going to have a shower.
When everybody sells,
we're all selling.
We all have something to sell.
Yes, everyone selling together, mighty symphony of prosperity.
Chocolatey pebbles from the new world.
I'm a chocolate space cadet.
Life support system down to zero cocoa.
Feeling spacey.
Have some of my new cocoa pebbles, now so chocolatey.
Smells cocoa-licious.
This cocoa like the world.
Oh yes, dear friends, Christmas, the season of turnover, when the shelves must be cleared.
I can't get that call right now, dear friends.
You know, I got, after all these friendly calls, I got one call from somebody who said,
what are y'all, the usual thing, the usual question, what are y'all trying to do?
And I go, hey, we're trying to give you some slack, okay?
You know, they go, who's Bob?
I said, well, give me your address, I'll send you some information or whatever, you know.
I'll give the number at the end of the broadcast.
And they, and this person, you know, I knew there was something that they weren't saying.
And finally, he goes, well, I just hope that, it was something like, I just hope that, you know,
you can get right with Jesus or something like that.
And just hung up.
He hung up.
That was the key point.
He said he didn't want to hear what I had to say back about that because, you know,
you see, a subgenius has so much faith that he not only can accept somebody making fun of Bob,
stomping on a picture of Bob, he'll do it himself.
He has so much trust and faith in Bob.
Bob is such a good friend that he can insult Bob.
Now, we subgeni, I hate to get on my soapbox in the middle of a bunch of entertaining tapes,
but we subgeni may be bad, but our way of bad is holy.
Is holy.
Is holy compared to the evil of some, not all, by any means, but so many American fundamentalists,
Charismatics, Evangelicals, etc., in general, of course, they and their corresponding types
in Iran, Russia, Libya, South Africa, etc.,
if you ask me, are actually the ace up the devil's sleeve.
Wolves in sheep's clothing, friends, just like Jesus warned about.
We're, Jesus and Bob, like we say,
our old drinking buddies got nothing against Jesus, it's just his fan club.
And now, we aren't saying that Bob is the ace up God's sleeve.
He's more like the smear on God's handkerchief, just like you or me.
But the uptight rival cults, they don't think God has a handkerchief.
Uh-uh, no, because God's perfect.
He doesn't even sneeze.
We're made in His image, except that we have all these nasty parts attached to us,
and we have to go in the secret room.
The bathroom.
To do awful things.
But God, oh, He's clean and pure, according to them.
Oh, and He's male.
But He doesn't excrete juices and sweat and smelly stuff out of Him like we do.
Because we sinned.
Oh, yeah, we all sinned.
We're bad, we're worthless, we're no good to God,
unless we sign a contract with His agent.
Well, friend, Jesus Himself, He spouted just about as many great punchlines as Bob.
Probably more.
But, and this is true, this is historical fact,
the very early mainstream Christian church methodically censored about half of the existing gospels about Jesus.
And this is, I'm not kidding, you can go to any real bookstore and pick up the censored gospels that they finally found years later.
They took out the parts where Jesus specifically said that every person had equal access to the Lord,
and that you didn't need no preacher between you and Him.
That, in fact, was probably His main point, now lost in antiquity,
that you were the son or daughter of God just as much as Jesus was.
Or Bob, see?
But that's too humanistic for the conspiracy Christians,
so they wiped out the subgenius Gnostic Christians.
Anyway, I'm going to get off my soapbox.
We'll get into the hideous theological discussions.
Coming up next week as we attack the Bobbies.
First I must play this cartridge, and then we'll go back to Christmastime.
We interrupt this program for a special promotional announcement.
Well, friends, what do you think?
Is it the nativity of Santa Claus that we're trying to celebrate here,
or is it the horrible death of the Santa Bob, the Santai Bob,
as he's been referred to in some early prescriptures?
We're each so separate, we're each so separate, we're each so separate, we're each so separate,
we're each so separate, we're each so separate, new from Tonga.
Now you are in my evil clutches, Bob.
I'll use this MTV bombardment to turn you normal.
Shut up, pink boy!
No way, I'll never sell out to the conspiracy.
Taste a little of my rocket pipe, alien tool.
Hi.
Santa.
Bob Dobbs comes with rockets.
Pipe, head launcher, Janeer device.
All Yakatizma, Fightin' Jesus, and other action figures sold separately.
Some assembly required, batteries not included.
This toy falls apart in three days.
He-Bob!
And the bastards of the universe.
Too much is always better than not enough.
From Bob Dobbs.
Cool, right?
Seagulls can blow from head to toe.
Like Barbie, I'm pretty easy.
I don't understand.
Who are you?
And what's the big happening you're talking about?
And why are you holding me in this place?
I am Thurston Kilgore, scientist.
But soon I shall be Thurston Kilgore, master of the world.
Master of the world?
You've got to be kidding.
Kidding?
Not at all.
You see these television screens?
I'll turn on number one.
What do you see?
The White House.
The Christmas tree on the lawn.
And here's number two.
Now, what do you see?
I'm not sure.
Looks like, yeah, a missile at a rocket site.
Very good.
That rocket, by the way, is ready for immediate launching
and carries a payload of five nuclear warheads,
each 100 times as powerful as the Hiroshima bomb.
But what has this got to do with...
Patience, young man.
But the only person authorized to push the button is...
Yes?
The President of the United States.
Precisely.
But we're not at war, and he's not about to push that button.
Quite right.
Not that button, and not knowingly.
But there are buttons and buttons.
I still don't...
Like the button that will turn on the lights on that beautiful Christmas tree.
On the White House lawn?
Right.
You mean to say that button is tied into the rocket launch system you just showed me?
Now you're getting it.
It's tied in by a remote control circuit I secretly installed.
And when the President pushes the button that lights the tree...
...who knows?
Good Lord.
You hear the thunder here?
When I feel the punch here?
Feel the punch.
Thunder Punch.
He-Man, new from the Masters of the Universe collection.
Skeletor and Castle Grayskull, each sold separately.
But toys for the young and wrestling pub will return.
He-Bob and the Bastards of the Universe will be back after this message.
Santa Fe.
Oh, my Lord.
I love him.
I adore him.
My breath, my sunshine, my all in all.
And we do...
We're gonna...
We're gonna seriously address this issue.
But in the meantime...
We have the problem of who is the Santa Bob?
Were there any readings here on the Santa Bob?
Didn't you have I'm-a-Bob on the show last week?
No, that was the show before and we had to pay...
Yeah, that's right.
That's right, we did have the I'm-a-Bob on the show last week.
Uh, that's a...
The He's-a-Bob and the You're-a-Bob.
Santa Bob and the Lena.
But you know, we ought to talk a little bit about Where-Bobs and I'm-a-Bobs tonight, Reverend Stang.
I can sense a little bit of that coming on Red Room Stang.
The Where-Bobs and I'm-a...
Those who have the psychosis that convinces them that they are the Santa Bob.
Or that they're Santa Bob by night.
And they go shuffling through the snow on their nameless, hideous errands.
The grin of Bob and the beard of Santa Claus and the pipe of the Lord stuck on their face.
And they stop using the locks of their doors and they just kind of float in through the keyhole.
Well, friends, it's tough.
And, you know...
You...
Just...
Just going to church ain't enough.
You gotta send your money to the Santa Bob.
As a matter of fact, I...
The people across the street from me told their kids that Santa Claus bills them for the toys he brings.
Can you believe that?
They asked...
The kids were asking if their parents...
If maybe Santa Claus will bring us two He-Man erector sets.
And the mom said, no, no, he won't.
Because he bills us.
We can't afford that.
Santa Claus sends us a bill after Christmas.
Yeah, but at least he totes the note.
Yeah.
What kind of a Christmas season is this where Santa Claus is starting to bill you?
And the delivery.
Can you imagine the delivery costs of bringing that stuff up from the North Pole?
That's going to be added on too, friends.
When everybody sells...
We're all selling.
But we all have something to sell.
Yes, everyone selling together mighty symphony of...
Bob will return.
Be Bob and Claus.
Here's Verbot, a robot you can program to perform eight different functions.
Go right.
Take a jump.
You can control Verbot with your own voice.
Go left.
Verbot, I said left.
He'll obey your commands.
Verbot, speak.
Four AA, two 9-volt and two C batteries not included.
C batteries not included.
Four AA, two C batteries not included.
C batteries not included.
Mission accomplished.
The prince is satisfied.
Yeah.
Verbot, a voice-activated robot.
Oh, yes, dear friend.
Season's greetings from all of us at the K-N-O-N.
Launch the heat seekers.
We must destroy those evil humans.
Well, friends, so Christmas has become a lovely sort of hideous mix of sensitive music and...
Your gift of $50 will mean so much.
Friends, $50 to the church of the subgenius.
And Jim and Tammy want to give you Susie Moppet.
It'll bless a church.
And this little K-N-O-N.
You pulled a string at the back of his neck.
I'm sure everyone wants to know what did you do with the $31,000 you won.
Well, this $31,000, friends, goes to the home for a surplus.
And last, the control room.
No, stay out of here. This is a control room.
And what have we here?
I think we've got a phone call.
Everything's soggy.
Everything's soggy all over the place.
Hello?

Huh?
Hi, girls.
Hi, girls.
Hi, girls.
No wonder...
You know...
The spiked studded armor of the mighty Spike-O.
You know, part of the reason...
Part of the problem with doing any kind of a call-in thing around here is that...
Well, of course you can't.
We have a lot of trouble finding...
Digging our way through the sound effects and getting to the actual telephone.
No one will dare oppose us.
No one.
Remove that man.
We will remake every government in the world in our image.
And those that oppose us.
So, I guess it's time to just let it go.
Of course.
That's right.
Let's take care of it.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
See you.
Thank you.

Goodbye.
Bye-bye.
You're welcome.
Bye-bye.




Goodbye.
Goodbye.









For when they placed it on his head, he began to dance.
We're down here at Reunion Tower.
I hate that demon.
Desperately.
I know, Gary.
We need those demons to go on the air.
They're part of the exciting new show.
Ah, there we go.
Well, we're mighty glad to be here on non-radio tonight
because we know that other station is trying to get rid of us.
Hey, non-radio.
That's right.
Non-radio for Central Texas, South Texas, East Texas, some Texas.
That's right.
Radio Nunu Narnini.
Yes, Nunu, here we are in the cult of Nunu and Narnini.
And Ivan.
Yes.
I hate that demon.
Oh, I forget.
That's right.
My name is Ivan Stank.
That's right.
And my name is Ivan Naked.
And my name is Mobius Rex, or my name ain't puzzling.
I never dance.
That's right.
So you won't be getting that part of the tape.
And we'll be leaving that part of the tape for the listeners.
To them.
To them.
We'll probably be calling California.
Like an conspiracy.
Later in the day.
Yeah, we'll be calling.
We'll be calling.
Actually calling up those doctors, those crazy doctors.
That's right.
In California.
Who have the most crazy doctors.
Their show.
That's right.
You're listening to the hour of slack.
But if you were listening to more than an hour, less than a show right now,
you'd be a lot more entertained than you are here from these stupid little doctors like us in Texas.
That's right.
And I'll put it as a question because then the FCC can't do it.
Is this KNON?
Well, yes, it is a question.
Is this KNON?
Is this non-radio?
Well, is this a lot of confused people driving around the highway right now going,
Oh, no, I knew I should have taken that turn in Arkansas.
Now I'm in Dallas.
I should have taken that pill in Arkansas and I wouldn't have been here.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's awfully hard to remember when to take those pills when you're in Arkansas
because there's so many pills to take there.
I was working at Las Colinas last night on a conspiracy media church tape.
All those, yeah.
Well, I was getting paid, too.
It was real good work, but I thought I have forsaken my church.
I have forsaken the church of the subgenius and I have hurt those around me
because here in Dallas,
it's not so easy to be a subgenius.
Hey, listen, we had to rush back here from Las Colinas, too.
We had to jump in the car and get back here in time to do this show.
It's about 1130 now and we'll be going for another hour.
That's right.
It's about 1130 now.
It's about.
Just almost.
Oh, here's some.
Yeah, money's all over the station here.
Is it a...
Non-radio.
Hey, Ivan, is it wrong to tell the wrong time on the radio?
No, no, it's only illegal to use your...
Okay.
Okay.








It's 1.45 a.m. right now, folks.
We're all late for work.
Come on, don't confuse people.
You're going to be listening on the radio and probably two people crashed right now as you said that,
thinking, I'm late, I'm late.
Live from Plano.
I hate that demon.
What's going on here?
That time demon.
Is that that time demon?
That time demon that be on your back.
I came down to the station and I found out I wasn't even me anymore
and I found my real self passed out in a room full of pills.
What's going on?
What's happening?
A giant piece of live meat hanging out of my jaws.
Yep, that sounds like me too.
I hate that demon.
Sam is on a diet.
Now he has to eat...
...stupid candy canes.
.

.
.
.
It all started when he accidentally sat on one of his elves
and turned him into smelly elf soup.
As punishment, he was forced into exile to a San Fernando Valley health spa
where they forced him to take off his clothes and embarrass him
and he grazed him in front of people.
his reindeer, who fled in confusion and hung her into the sky.
Luckily, his famous white beard was long enough to cover his tiny penis, which had gone soft
in the cold shower.
Everyone had to leave the steam room so Santa would have room to sit down.
Some idiot threw him a medicine ball, but it bounced off his belly and knocked down
the wall like the Battle of Gettysburg and the Battle of the Bulge.
When he got home, nobody recognized him.
Instead of the chimney, he could fit through a keyhole like a skeleton key.
The next morning, Santa was back in the house.
Friends, that was Zug's Rift.
Zug's Rift.
I think it was off the Mini Mastodon's album.
I'm not sure.
Good old Zug's Rift.
You ought to look for his stuff in the record store.
He deserves your support.
And you ought to hear the stuff that I can't play.
It's like the Subgenius tapes.
You wouldn't believe what's on the Subgenius tapes that I can't play.
Anyway.
Yeah.
I'll tell you what, friends.
There's been all sorts of serious problems in the Church of the Subgenius,
many of which include trying to find the right equipment in the radio station
with so many confusing issues at hand,
including whether or not the Santa did actually die at the hands of the cavalry
that day on the Mount of Skulls,
or whether...
the over-modulation can be helped at some time in the far future.
So, friends, this is a song by...
Oh, I see.
I can control the hiss that comes in and out of here.
Learned how to control the hiss.
We can now control the hiss.
That means that their minds can likewise be controlled
by subliminal messages planted in the hiss that goes out with this show.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
But, uh...
Ha, ha, ha, ha.

I said earlier, we've got to minister not just to those who are celebrating Christmas,
but those who are also celebrating the pagan solstices.
This is a tune by Magic Mosen and his royal rockers.
I doubt if you've ever heard this one.
It's a pretty obscure one.
But this is Blind Sam, a great old Blind Sam,
and Reverend G. Andrew Maness of the Church of the Subgenius.
I believe this was a live cocktail lounge song,
for those who believe.
For those who try to believe.
For those who must believe or die in the case of this church.
Smooth, baby.
This is a smooth, professional mix here.
Say, do we have any druids in the audience?
Well, hi, yeah.
This one's for you.
That's nice.
Have your...
...souls.
A groovy little solstice.
Mithras won his fight.
From now on, the days are longer than the nights.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, have yourselves a groovy little solstice.
Nosh out on druid food.
Yeah, make little pigs of yourselves.
Then we'll all dance naked in a fair shoe.
Ooh.
Ooh.






Ooh.
If you are a dazzling urbanite.
A smug suburbanite.
Hey, that's true.
Ooh.
You don't have to lead a boring country life.
To groove on natural life
As a woo
Someday soon
We'll all dance nude together
If utility rates allow
You know, those funky Boston Edison guys, you know
Until then
We'll don our ritual robes and bow
To have ourselves a groovy little
Big deal, big deal, big deal
Scott, you made your choice
When you rejected my word, you rejected me
And to your eternal soul
You have found that only could you afford
To give to God that which was his
But you could not afford to do otherwise
The Senate still stands
From the bottom of my heart
To do without our darkness
Where there is wailing and gnashing of teeth
Sir, please, give me just one more chance, sir
I don't want to go to hell, sir
No, no
Thank God I don't want to go to hell
No
No
Live as he could be
And the children saved
Who could laugh and play
To the world
of the same earth, you and me.
The talebearer will be at the judgment.
I suspect that here
will be a special place in hell
for such beings.
David the psalmist said in
Psalms 15, 1 and 3,
Lord, who may abide in thy tabernacle,
who may dwell on thy holy mountain,
the man of blameless life,
who does that which is right
and speaks the truth from his heart.
Who has no malice on this tongue,
who never wrongs a friend
and tells no tale against this man.
Thank God.
There will be those who in their malicious tongue
have destroyed the lives and reputation of others.
These gossipers will be cast
into the lowest, darkest pit of eternity.
They're going to be cast
into the pit.
Mommy?
Why do my feet hurt so bad, Mommy?
Pastor Naked?
I mean, Dr. DeBrogue, friend,
if you need to do your public service messages,
this is a good time to do it.
We can...
We can...
Oh, wait, we got a phone call.
Listen, dear friends.
Yeah.
Is...
Oh, no.
Santa Claus is coming to rape your wife
by a band called Mechanical Sterility.
The singer, I think, is Reverend M. Schaefer.
The pastor of the Church of the Subgenius.
Listen to this beautiful, beautiful song.
Ah, yeah.
Santa Claus is coming
to rape your wife.
Santa Claus is coming
to rape your wife.
He's got a gun.
And he's got a big knife.
Santa Claus is coming to rape your wife.
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Santa killed off all his elves
Cut off their heads and put them up on the shelf
Rudolph's cold in the freezer
Packed in separate baggies
Christmas causes disappear
Is that blood in Santa's beard?
Christmas time again I fear
Christmas time again I fear

When should we sing?
And what time the bell should ring
columns and rows of houses

Dedicated day is awarded It isnaires
No this wasn't Merry Christmas
It is surviving too far but alguien
Difficult powdered to explain where they came from
Santa cooked up a mean reindeer stew.
Daughter and Gibson.
And Rudolph too.
Quite tasty.
Oh, dear friends, that's Reverend Schaefer doing Santa Claus is Coming to Rape Your Wife.
Just wanted to get you all into the Christmas spirit, you know.
And actually, once again, the evil subgenius castles, but the only one in the block with Christmas lights up.
Actually, that's not true.
This time, there were a few others, you know.
But, well, friends, you know, like I said,
next week on this show, I'm going to announce the place and time of a meeting
of those who would like to help disseminate the word about
we need drivers, typists, menial slaves, people who own Macintosh computers.
That's a very important one.
And just, you know, mutants. Mutants, baby.
I'm going to announce that time and place so that I can finally,
I've finally gotten over the fear of the Dallas bobbies.
I've run into so many people that were like,
oh, man, I don't want them to know who I am.
Don't want to know where I live.
But there's more and more and more.
Finally, the true, the true subs are coming through.
And I was surprised the other day, found out that if,
if you're looking for a last minute Christmas present,
and I can say this because I don't get royalties off these because of,
it's a long story.
I'm not going to say anything else.
You can get the Bob Dobbs t-shirts at Lone Star Comics,
and they are heavy K-N-O-N supporters.
They're all over town.
But at the same time, you have to remember.
Oh Bob, it's been a long time, Bob, since you've been back.
Have you got my answers?
Did you bring my slack?
I got a few extra questions and a special wish.
I got a whole lot of problems.
You could help me.



Help me with all Bob.
Oh, thanks Reverend Erickson.
Hello Bob.
Glass Madness.
It's been a long time, Bob.
But friends, if you've been missing Bob,
Nice to see you back.
you can write to Bob and write for information on just what,
what in the world we're trying to do here.
Let's throw your slack.
And what slack is.
And now I got no problems that I can't solve.
I'm a Bob Dobb doctor and I'm having a ball.
Hello Bob.
And all you have to do is,
write to P.O.
Box one.
This is the, this is the number to write to Bob at P.O.
Box one four oh three oh six Dallas, Texas seven five two one four.
That's P.O.
Box one four oh three oh six Dallas, Texas seven five two one four.
Send no money.
Send no money.
Dear friends, just ask for the information and you'll see just what else there might
be available.
Oh yes.
That was.
Reverend Jim Erickson of Glass Madness.
Ah yes, that old hymn.
And now for the news.
Hurricane Bob.
World Briefs.
National Weather Service, Miami, Florida.
Sunday, December 22nd.
We intervene as government of use only.
Discussion subject, Hurricane Bob.
NORAD, RECAN, RECAN.

Air Force search plane spotted first dobs manifestation at sea 60 miles east of Brunswick,
Georgia.
Surface winds up to 170 knots reported emptying into a whirlpool from which radiated huge
spinning spokes of light.
High anti-grav readings near the black hole at center.
Now tracking Bob at the same speed with a high likelihood of Bob reaching the coast.
We've just upgraded the storm Bob to hurricane Bob in press releases to the public.
Actual situation labeled top secret.
Laced report, Air Force One is forced down by Bob in a flight from Bermuda to Washington.
Present location unknown.
Press clone activity at White House.
Tides on the South Carolina coast were expected to range from 25 to 40 feet above normal tonight.
And storms, storm totals of 14 to 18 inches possibly radioactive will occur over portions
of eastern South Carolina.
Pentagon is prepared to use small nuclear-tipped warheads of gravity flux and black hole approaches
coast or if Bob physically materializes at any point over the ocean.
Property damage and casualty advisory probabilities under mega circumstances.
Chances of center of Hurricane Bob landing in Washington tomorrow night simultaneously
with slack center gravitational meltdown expressed at 48%.
Government and disaster officials are in the air.
Emergency services are not to be notified unless it is ascertained that Bob will continue
to grow in force.
State agitators are starting to criticize the state of Marshall Laud declared in subgenius
free zones along the east coast for peak Duke black lash reaction.
More news and pictures at 10.
And this is it, friends.
Duck and cover.
This is KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
And stay tuned for Ron Lindsey and soul oldies, dear friends.
This is it.
This is soul oldies.





Slack.
Slack.
Born again.
Praise Bob.
Help me somebody.
Thank you.
He's duck.
Shh.
.
