Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Is anybody out there?
It's all different now.
It's all different, man.
The room is different.
The sound is different.
The headphones are the same.
The mixboard is different.
The mixboard is different.
I don't like different things.
They make me feel different.
What is this?
This show is scary.
I don't like this show.
What is this show?
What is this?
What are you?
What are you?
Well,
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station...
This station.
And only in the city of...
H-H-H-Hemby.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
It is a new mixboard.
And we will somehow try a new...
A new type arrangement.
Everything is new and different.
I don't know if I can handle this, folks, but I'm...
What?
Who's that guy?
Oh.
Oh.
What?
Hello?
Hello?
Oh, God, I'm getting scared again.
I don't want to crawl.
Out of here.
You.
You.

You.









I'm sick.
I need sleep.
Oh.
Look, I can crawl.
Nurse, nurse.
I can crawl again.
How about that?
Don't be worried.
I can't believe I didn't know I could do that.
Okay.
Oh, I won't tell the doctor.
I'm crawling.
Oh, my God.
What happened down there?
Now what?
Tell me what to do next.
I'm leaking.
Hurry.
No, it's a no-sumner.
We can ask the computer.
It's hard to crawl with no legs.
Tell me real quick.
I don't want to get sick while he's in the Evacajams.
Here.
Inhale this right now.
Reven Sang.
Oh, yes, ma'am.
Pray, Fifi.
Whatever you say.
I can't do it.
Now hold it in.
Near the end of October.
I'm just going to relax a little bit, old-timer.
Now let it out.
Let it out.
I'm hearing memories.
I'm hearing memories.
I'm from downtown New York.
I'm hearing memories.
I remember in New York.
Yeah.
You was there on Broadway and Times Square.
You danced the jig up against the legs.
I had legs.
Well, you'll be entertained by the music of Raymond McKenna and his orchestra.
Ah.
Raymond McKenna.
It was when the war started.
I remember.
I had legs.
Exactly.
Big teats.
Yes.
And bootleg hooch.
And we were partying.


We were listening to the radio.
And that was the day the war began.
...of the country to keep an astronomical watch on any further disturbances occurring
on the planet Mars.
It was more of a war between humans and non-humans.
It was a war between galaxies, between entire races.
Fast, cool, and unsympathetic.
I could tell the conspiracy was always watching me.
But they were sending those creatures from another world.
They had friends.
They had allies deep in here.
Not just to get me.
The old ones were going to be gone.
No sir man.
But to get all my fellow humans.







The Earth.
And the Earth.
Even the sub-geniuses had to join together with...
Some giants and...
...their rivals and humans...
...a tool...
...in order to fight the Martians.
A tool.
Due to the unusual nature of this occurrence, we have arranged an interview with a noted
astronomer, Professor Pearson.
The following statements which I shall make are true facts that can and will be verified
at the proper time.
The music has come to me from outer space.
Out of space.
I have been instructed by a person from another planet
to bring this music to the attention of the people on this Earth.
I have had direct contact with people from other planets
and have spoken with them on many occasions.
I have ridden in their spaceships.
They have taken me to their planets
and brought me back to Earth again several times.
I have seen how they live, what they wear, what they eat, and how they look.
They are friendly people.
It seems to me, if we look at the South Jersey shore,
we notice that a large contingency of these flying crafts
have actually come down on a man, a single individual,
named Reverend Ivan Stang.
Some of them are actually very indicative of his brain,
and we have radio contact and phone lines open there,
but the National Guard says that it's not long before Stang is lost.
I refuse to wipe off my forehead under any circumstances.
I don't care whether the Senate subcommittee,
the presidential investigators, Janet Reno, and all the rest of them.
My forehead stays besmirched.
It's my religious right as a subgenius.
Yes, it's almost perfectly bluent,

and no matter where that plane is coming from,
I won't think about the rest of America.
A white produzon wanted to investigate that Indian island

and is at the core of the Earth

Stacy, tell him you're the butcher,
and of course I will acknowledge the interior.
Oh, here we are,
Mr. Stang.
Mr. Stang,
here I am.
Welcome!
*** stressed out ó
It's giving me a new understanding of power.
I understand by our friends from the next brother planet.
Two of them.
Yes.
Our two friends.
Our brothers planet will come.
Please come.
Now, ladies and gentlemen, I haven't mentioned it all.
It's exciting, but it's becoming more distinct.
Perhaps you've caught it already on your radar.
Where is it?
So much better now.
You haven't much of a chance.
Look at that.
It's not a Martian.
It's you.
It's an American.
It's an American.
It's Bob Dobbs.
It's not a Martian.
Martians are our fathers.
The Martians created us.
We shall go back to their bosom.
We're their children.
Father Mars shall take us in.
I can't believe he's back in here.
The Martians shall take us home.
I realize.
Home, friend.
Soon.
I'm going home.
We're all going home.
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
I'm going home because I sent that $30 to Bob.
I'm going home.
You can go home with me, my friend.
I'm going home.
I'm going to Brushwood to meet my father, Bob.
And I will always be grateful to him.
I'll tell you what.
Bob Dobbs came to town to set you free.
I'm going to Dallas to set you free, my friend.
Surely, I come quickly.
Amen.
And yes, it is a completely different and new setup for me here in the studio.
And friends, you know, I've got X day.
Oh, my God.



It's just like every X day, friends.
There's only about two, three more weeks left in the world from the time I speak now.
And yet I go along through my day acting just as if I had all the time in the world, as
if all those bills had to be paid, as if I had to keep making money, as if I had to keep
acting civil to people or in any way even human.
But friends, by the time you hear this, I know most of these stations play these shows
like weeks after I send them.
And by the time you hear this, I'm sure you'll, if you're lucky enough to have a radio or
anything that even works after XX day, you'll probably be looking out your window at rioting
homeless or formerly rich people now homeless, friends, because X day is coming.
And X day, it really is coming.
It's so hard to believe.
It's too good to believe that maybe that was the problem last time.
Friends, maybe it was just too good for us lowly subgeniuses to even believe that it
could happen.
That $30 mere dollars in Bob Dobbs pocket would be enough to allow, to buy us a spaceship
the size of a planet.
Each, each one of us, this, oh, and friends.
And to believe.
And to buy us revenge.
For those who were into that.
Personally, I'll probably kill a few of you and then, friends, I'm gonna, I'm taking off.
I'm getting out of here.
I am truly, truly going to take advantage of my escape vessel and get off.
On X day.
Mark my words.
I will stand by that.
And I hope that I see you at 7 o'clock in the morning Monday morning.
July 5th, 1999.
I truly hope that I see you in that crowd in front of me at Brushwood.
And if not there, hell, I don't care.
I'll see you on your saucer.
Once you get your saucer, invite me over, won't you?
Just go, hey, Reverend Stang, wherever you're sitting on your escape planet.
And the mom will email me real quick telepathically and I'll hear you.
Well, she'll probably wait until it's over.
It's a convenient moment.
Until after I've got off.
And then she'll say, she'll forward your voice on into my head and I'll hear you say,
Hey, Reverend Stang, why don't you come on over to my joint?
We'll have a party.
I've got the Grand Canyon over here.
A real good replica.
Actually, I call it the Martian Grand Canyon.
I made all the trees.
It's kind of surrealistical like a Salvador Dali painting.
It's cool.
And I got the best frock in the universe.
Heh.
That's what mom told me anyway.
Why don't you come on over?
We'll have us a party, man.
And, um, and friends, and if I don't want to, if I happen to be enjoying building my own Grand Canyon,
I can always send a clone or robot and my buddy will never even know the difference.
Friends, and all of this, all of this for 30 measly bucks.
Ugh.
We'll have a party.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
Bye.
See you around.
Bye.





Oh, I'm going to have to get off the train and get to the gate.


Uh, it's getting late, I guess.
Yeah.
All right.





Bye.

Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I hope I didn't say 1998.
You know, I've had for 20 years, I said July 5th, 1998.
For some reason, I had to switch over.
But you know, these are our friends from outer space that will be coming.
You know, it's not like we're just kidding ourselves because it sounds so good.
It's nothing like that.
In fact, friends, it's when you don't give yourself enough credit that you really screw
up.
You know, I'm getting back to the music that has come to me from another planet.
These two selections are interpretations taken from the actual music that has come to me
from another planet.
Oh, friends, they're just laughing at me.
And this is from one of our new acquisitions, but an old friend.
It's a band called the...
Actually, it's not good to talk over.
The Brand Flakes.
That's the Brand Flakes.
Dear friends, we'll talk over Ron Slade instead.
Ah, yes.
The CD, the new CD by the Brand Flakes.
This is a subgenius-related band.
In fact, Reverend...
Oh, yeah.
Otis F. Otter did the sound at the Seattle show, which we'll be hearing for the rest
of this hour of slack.
Because I was going, oh, dear, I've got to throw a show together real quick because I'm
going to leave town again for the Portland revival.
And of course, by the time you hear this, I'll be leaving town anyway for X Day, and
I'll probably just do reruns all the way up to X Day anyway.
But friends, yeah, there was a wonderful revival in Seattle, which we will be hearing.
The Pope David N. Meyer came out of his semi-retirement and did a kick brain rant.
And Papa Joe Mama did one of his most thoughtful...
He was trying to make up for what he did to Friday on Saturday.
So, what the hell is this?
Not Ron?
What is old Ron doing?




What's he thinking here?
I wonder what happens if I turn this tape over.
Whoa.
Yeah, that sounds more like it, friends, because the Seattle revival was sponsored by Popes
Lilith and Popes Lilith von Frau Mensch.
And I've got this rather wonderful document that Popes Lilith thought that might be appropriate
for us all to consider as X Day approaches.

You may have heard a variation on this thing that I'm about to read to you, friends, but...
Now, I'm about to give you reasons why the planet should be destroyed.
If we could shrink the Earth's population to a village of precisely 100 people, with
all the existing statistics remaining the same...


It would look like this.
Now, friends, this is, once again, if we rounded the...
If we shrank the Earth's population to only 100 people, this is the way it would line
up with, you know, the corresponding statistics to the way things are today with almost 6
billion people.
Or is it almost 7?
I can't remember.
Anyway...
If there were only 100 people in the world...
One would be...
An evil, rich, white man.
Only one.
And, friends, that's the one I want to be.
I've got the evil and the white part down, but mostly white, anyway.
Twelve of that 100 in the village of the world would be plain ordinary Glorbs.
Eighty-three of the 100 would be dumbasses.
As simple as that.
Eighty-three out of 100 people would be dumbasses.
Only 12 would even amount to Glorpism.
Three would be Bobbies.
One would be a latent or rogue subgenius.
And out of that 100...
That village of 100 people, there would be one dues-paying, paid-up, ordained subgenius
toenail.
In a village of 100 people...
Representing the world...
Representing the planet Earth...
Ninety-seven would be pee-shy.
Two would be able to pee freely, and one will never pee at all.
Twelve would be really heterosexual.
Twenty-two would probably be bisexual.
Fifty-four would be bi-curious.
And eleven would be homosexual, and one would be transsexual.
And that's Popes Lili, who says on the note here,
Hi, Mom.
Out of 100 people, 70 would be nibble-lung, and only 30 would be full-sung.
I happen to be nibble-lung myself, obviously.
Ninety would have a religion.
And nine would pretend that they don't have a religion.
And one would start a religion.
Praise Bob.
Fifty-nine percent of the entire world's wealth...
Would be in the hands of only six people, and none of them have a subgenius membership
card.
Eighty people out of 100 would rather stay on Earth on XX Day.
Nineteen would like to visit space, but only one must get off.
Seventy would be unable to read.
Fifty of the hundred in the world, half of the world, the village of the world, would
suffer from malnutrition.
And one would be a man.
Only one would have a college education.
Only one would own a computer.
I guess that would be the evil, rich, white man.
That'd be me, man.
I'm gonna be him.
All I've got to do is get rich.
Two would own guns out of 100 privately, but ten would possess a gun for their job.
Oh, great.
Seventy-four believe that, quote, good thoughts, unquote, are better than bad thoughts.
And 99 out of the 100 would think the same.

I'm sure that this list is boring and stupid, but everyone, all of the 100 except for that
toenail that paid its $30, will die on July 5th, 1999.
Praise Bob.
And uh...
And friends, we are going to go to that DeVival.
We're gonna go straight into that DeVival, but first, we're gonna listen to some of this
Bran Flakes music, friends.



So, thank you, Ron Slabe. And now, this.
Now, you can play along with us.
All you need is a stick, a pot or a pan, spoons, a bell, a triangle, cymbals,
anything you can get to make some noise with.
2148. Here's 2148.
One.
No more hooves.
Damn.
Oh, yeah.
I know there's someone waiting somewhere.
I know there's someone waiting somewhere.
I know there's someone waiting somewhere.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah!
You heard it.



them guys don't play music there Christ all they do is wave their arms around and beat like
they're crazy and holler and scream around there then these kids go crazy about that
stuff there I said Jesus Christ what do they see in that there
Make me happy
Hi it's me and I'm silly
You know what me have here
Yes dear friends and we're listening to the brand flakes and you can get more information
about the brand flakes from what me have here what from www.ovenguard.com
slash music that's right www.ovenguard.com
slash music and I'm looking in here for a here's here's the address the written
address that the brand flakes at post office box 21104 that's P.O. box 21104
Seattle Washington
980
8111
but not all
what
980
111
980
111
USA
are you ready
well some of you are but not all
now if the rest of you are having trouble finding something
here are some suggestions
try an old tin can
or a cardboard box
or maybe a kazoo
now if you're not sure
if you don't have a real kazoo
you can make one with a cone and a piece of tissue paper over it
try it and see
in the meantime
the X-ists are coming
are you
spread wide for the final ride
as XX day comes looming over your horizon
and down your everything
you
you
you
you
you
you




















Gotta Check Out San난

and now sample some effects
I have no idea how to build those
M cinnamon
today
we can record music as it is
as as
you hear it crisp and clear with every note as bright as the stars in the eyes of the girl you're
dancing with
i am the popus
and you are in for a revival tonight
but before we get started much further i think it's time for a ritual that we do at these
diviners so if you could just bow your heads for a moment i'd like you to join me for a moment of
sacred traditional
hey brother what's this you brought me to i don't know but i think it has something to do with
religion
jr bob dobbs once said to the young dr onan cannaboy who is here i believe tonight he said
he actually asked onan do you know onan what all of your enemies have in common
you
and uh and friends boy there are some enemies
i hate to actually i'm proud to say the church of the subgenius has actually made quite a bit of
money off the end of the world this last in 1998 for the first time the church of the subgenius
corporation had to pay a sizable tax to the united states government i actually had to write
a check for 700 dollars to the united states government
for the church of the subgenius corporation and i'm proud to say the church of the subgenius
corporation is the only one that can pay a cut of that much to the children of the subgenius corporation
the church of the subgenius corporation is the only one that can pay a cut of the subgenius corporation
that's 700 could have been paychecks for jesus christ and me
right
you laugh actually jesus christ has returned to earth and he is the business manager of the church of the subgenius
i say that to ensure this belief you're probably you know well yeah right sure but basically i had to give seven hundred dollars to uncle sam instead of jesus
jesus



What kind of, I mean, what is this world coming to?
It's not Felford.
We've been talking about war on God and war on Mars.
Let's get back to war on the conspiracy of Peaks and the government they created.
And they built the prison all by themselves, for themselves.
Aren't they clever?
Isn't that wonderful?
War on the normals, friends.
That's where it started.
Let's just say war on all the others.
All the others.
Because they're dumbasses.
Just leave it at that.
Would you like to hear more?
Oh, maybe.
Lord, I love my house.
I love my school and my teachers too.
I love all my friends.
But more than that, Lord, I love...
I love you.
I love you, Lord.
I love you.
You love me.
I know you do too.
I love you, Lord.
I love you.
Yes, it's true that I love you.
That was...
Beautiful.

I say get out of God's way.
Quit blocking God's bridges.
For God's gonna shoot you if I don't...
I refuse
to hurt you anymore.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
I'm gonna hurt you with any of you out there.
Don't even call me.
Get out of my life.
I don't want to even talk to you or hear you.
I don't want to see your ugly face.
Sumblings, I wish God would give me a holy book from a genie and I'd blow your head
off.
So friends, let those who doubt scoff and laugh, but the true believers will fasten
our oxygen masks the better to serve, Bob.
Oh, by the way, a little practical matter.
July 5th this year happens to land on a Monday.
Now, I'm sure there's quite a few people that are going,
yeah, I'm going to party.
I'm a good subgenius.
I'm going to party all night and weekend,
and I'll celebrate the coming cataclysmic judgment.
Well, up until Sunday night.
Now, I've got to get up in the morning and go to work.
On next day.
I've got to be ready to go in at 8 a.m. Monday morning at 8 o'clock
just in case, just in case the exes fail to arrive at 7 a.m. like last time.
Frank, you backslider!
You every time you say something like that,
you twist that knife and bob-dodge back another turn.
The subgenius cannot be ruptured
if it is working for the conspiracy day job on next day.
It's that simple.
And besides, are you going to, I mean, friends,
are you really going to let your stinking earth job,
get in the way of your total escape, your eternal salvation?
Why should you?
Do you really think there's going to be a job for you to go to
after 7 a.m. this July 5th?
So, friends, it's a religious holiday.
You're a subgenius.
Other people get off for Christmas and so forth.
You should insist on getting off work on July 5th.
And if you don't, you are pissed.
Take the ball.
You are dead to him.
I refuse to talk to you any longer with any of you out there.
Don't even call me.
Get out of my life.
I don't want to even talk to you or hear you.
I don't want to see your ugly face.
Sometimes I wish God would give me a holy book of my teeth
and I'd blow your head off.
I'd get you in one of my thoughts and next sack of teeth,
you'd brow where you learned in your old age.
I'd react for it,
and I'd look towards heaven for you
and I'd ask for your concerning piece of glass,



.









Jesus had a nice house, a big house.
He handled big money.
Jesus was handling big money.
He even wore designer clothes.
John 19 tells us that Jesus wore designer clothes.
Thank you children, thank you children, thank you children.
I'm here tonight to preach to you the word of God.
The word of the first industrial church, a church of love and money children.
The church of...
What? What?
Thank you children.
Come on boys.
Children that's the way...
Don't stop, let's go.
Children that's the way people expect the Pope of New York to preach.
That's the way people expect the Pope of New York to preach.
That's the way people expect me to come out and preach children.
Because I'm full of Bob tonight children as I always am.
But children you know in the past when I've come here to Seattle
and I've shown my enthusiasm for Bob which is genuine.
Well I've noticed an interesting phenomenon children and that is
that Seattle does not mirror my enthusiasm back to me.
Seattle shocks.
This has baffled me children.
This has puzzled me children.
This has become a conundrum for me children.
And I'm going to talk to you about that conundrum for a little while tonight.
Because children in the past...
Let's see I preached at some place up on Capitol Hill.
I preached down in Belltown children that's what it was.
I preached in Belltown at the height of Belltown children.
I looked down in that crowd.
That crowd of Belltown nonconformists.
The herd of independent minds as the phrase goes children.
And I preached to them children I preached to them with enthusiasm.
I preached to them with love.
I preached to them the word of Bob.
And children they stared blankly back at me.
They stared blankly at the Pope of all New York.
Idaho and the great Pacific Northwest.
And this baffled me children.
Because children when I come out to preach the word of Bob children.
It's because I have so much Bob in me.
That I have come to share it with you children.
Because in his heart and in his soul and in his mind children.
The Pope of all New York is a bell jar of Bob.
A bell jar of Bob.
I'm a bell jar of Bob children.
I'm lightning in a bottle when it comes to Bob.
I'm full of Bob.
I have so much Bob in me.
I got to share it with all of you.
But children what I learned is.
That just as my enthusiasm for Bob requires a mirror.
The problem is with the paradigm of coolness in King County.
Because what I've discovered in my travels children.
Is that here in King County.
The problem is.
That the paradigm of coolness is.
Your coolness is in inverse proportion to the enthusiasm.
That you demonstrate.
Now I've pondered on this issue children.
I've sought solutions children.
First I pursued a meteorological solution.
I said to myself well it's gray and cloudy here.
It rains all the time.
People are repressed.
And then children I pursued a pharmacological solution.
And I said to myself well they're all unscathed.
What can you expect?
They're smack to the eyeballs.
But no children that wasn't it either.
And then I pursued being a man of Bob.
I pursued a religious solution.
And I said to myself well.
200 years of Lutheran rectitude.
That's about what you can expect.
And children none of these solutions satisfied me.
And I came to feel.
That the people of Seattle.
Just didn't want to share children.
They didn't want to share.
They didn't want to feel what incarnates.
The Pope of all New York.
Idaho and the great Pacific Northwest.
They didn't care about my fire children.
They didn't care about my fervor.
They didn't care about my faith children.
Did they care about my fire children?
Say what?
Say what?
Say what?
Say what?
Say what?
Did they care about my fervor children?
Did they care?
Did they care?
Did they care about my faith children?
But you tonight children.
Do you care about my fire?
Do you care about my fervor children?
Do you care about my faith?
Then stand up and praise Bob.
Thank you children.
Now.
Now.
We can start preaching.
Now children I look around at this great culture of ours.
This great popular culture of ours.
This great insidious culture of ours children.
And you know what I notice since I.
I'll get to that part later.
I do get paid to start trends and spot trends.
But I'm coming to that.
That's the main course of my preaching tonight.
And we're still on the salad children.
We're just on the salad right now.
They're just scraping away the crumbs from the soup course children.
Because the salad is coming.
And the main course is after that.
Alright.

And when I look around this culture children.
Well what do I see that predominates?
What do I see everywhere I go?
I see retro children.
If there's anything.
Come on.
If there's anything that incarnates a conspiracy to me children.
It's this retro nonsense.
Nobody has a new idea.
Nobody wants to push forward.
They just want to catalyze what went before.
And you know children.
You know what separates the Pope of all New York from the Pope of Rome?
Say no because I know you don't.
Say no.
Children the thing is.
I have a power that the Pope of Rome would kill to possess.
I have the power to fail.
That's right children.
You never see an infallible Pope in the church of the sub-genius.
And in my consultation.
With the great Ivan Stein tonight.
It was decided that we too will go retro.
We too will go old school children.
It's an old school preaching tonight.
Old school.
Now in the old days children.
We would start a preaching with.
Thank you.
With the rules of the church of the sub-genius.
And tonight is no different.
Because what are we doing tonight?
One more time.
One more time.
That's right children.
We're going old school.
Now.
I think everybody here knows.
The first rule of the church of the sub-genius.
But it's my job as the Pope.
To take you through it.
And I'm going to do my job.
Go ahead children.
The first rule of the church of the sub-genius is.
The sub-genius must have.
What must he have?
What must he have?
What must he have?
What must he have?
What must he have?
What must he have?
What must she have?

What must he have?
What must she have?
Thank you children.
The second rule of the church of the sub-genius.
Has been ably delineated.
By the Master I haven't sang.
Who now in a cameo.
Is going to repeat that rule for us.
That I believe pertains to Joseph.
If you don't have a sense of humor my friend.
Don't try to judge us.









It's time to be funny!
Yes children, the most violated rule in the history of mankind!
Now then children, we're going to talk about wool.
Because you know children, if the next rule of the Church of the Subgenius is,
the Church of the Subgenius will help you pull the wool over your own eyes.
What will it do? Pull the wool over your own eyes!
That's right children, since you were a little baby children,
you've been sold your church's wool, your synagogue's wool, your school's wool,
your government's wool. You pull their wool over your eyes.
But we want you to pull your own wool over your eyes.
Jumping in, Ivan Stein?
Relax in the safety of your own delusion!
A hand for the Reverend Ivan Stein!
That's right children, as soon as you relax in the safety of your own delusion,
you're going to start doing what Bob wants you to do, and that's thinking for yourself!
Because see, old school children, old school, Bob is a short duration personal savior.
What is he? Personal Savior!
A savior designed for the attention span of today.
Now the next rule of the Church of the Subgenius is a rule that helps you
swim like a little fishy through the sea of the conspiracy.
And that rule is, if you act like a dumb shit, they'll treat you as an equal.
So that rule is so true, it's not even funny.
Now then children, the next rule of the Church of the Subgenius is,
if you can't tell shit from tuna fish, don't order seafood in a French restaurant!
Can I get a merci beaucoup?
Can I get a merci beaucoup?
Thank you children for those merci beaucoups.
I believe you're starting to wake up children, I believe the Seattle paradigm is being chased from this hall
by the Almighty Hand of God!
Now children, children, in my travels, in my travels to and fro to various divivals,
when I go uptown, when I go across town, when I go downtown, when I go across this great nation,
well, people say to me, Dave!
Dave!
People say to me, Ralph Day!
Ralph Day!
People say to me, Poma! New York City Day!
Poma! New York City Day!
Just what is a subgenius?
What is a subgenius?
Well now, if we're going strictly by Hoyle's children, a subgenius is of course someone who has tied to Bob,
that which is Bob, namely, thirty dollars.
But there's a broader explanation, children.
There are ways to recognize a subgenius.
One way we like to say is that a subgenius is likely to be a shy egomaniac.
Another thing we say is that a subgenius is someone who can either do one thing extremely well and nothing else at all,
or a subgenius is someone who can do a number of things pretty good, but nothing well enough to turn a pot.
Alright children, now, I believe that y'all are just about warmed up.
We're going to get to the main course of my sermon tonight.
Now I think y'all know about the conspiracy, children.
But I think that what you don't recognize is that you are in the grip of the fallacy that the conspiracy puts on you in its most sophisticated guise.
That fallacy is that because you think you know there's a conspiracy, you think you can avoid the effects of the conspiracy.
Which is also like, you could say, I am too cool, I am too perceptive,
I am too media savvy, I am too aware for the conspiracy to get me.
Well children, in response to such an ignorant and innocent attitude, the Pope of all of Europe would like to pose a sports analogy, children.
This seems like an apt town to propose a sports analogy.
A town in which you have mortgaged your future to build a stadium.
Now here's my analogy, children.
You may have noticed that modern football players,
between weight lifting and conditioning and innate psychosis and drug use,
have become so big and so fast and so powerful that when they run into each other,
the human body can no longer deal or tolerate with the impact they sustain.
Now I know you're saying to yourself, Dad!
I know you're saying to yourself, I'm dead!
I know you're saying to yourself, come on New York City!
What in the great J.R. Bob Dobbs does that analogy have to do with me and fending off the conspiracy?
Well children, you're in luck because I flew 3,000 miles, tourist class, in a window seat, to tell it.
Children, my analogy stands as this.
Just as those football players have gotten too big and too fast to sustain the impact they generate,
so the messages of the conspiracy,
have gotten too subtle, sophisticated, and pervasive for you to resist.
Now that every commercial has a built-in cool factor that tells you you're cool,
because you see that the commercial's trying to be cool,
how are you going to resist this message, children?
Now you might well, if you're a Perce Picasso sort of subgenius,
you might say to me, Dad!
You might say to me, Rep Dad!
You might say to me, Come on New York City, Dad!
What makes you such an expert in the conspiracy?
Well, I came here to tell you that tonight, children.
Because the real theme of my preaching tonight,
the main course, as it were, of my sermon,
is that despite my long history in the Church of the Subgenius,
despite the many kudos the Pope of All New York has received for his preaching,
despite his many demonstrations of his faith and vow,
the Pope of All New York flew 3,000 miles to confess something to you tonight!
I don't serve the conspiracy, children.
I am the conspiracy.
You see, children, I'm the guy you've got to fear the most.
And I'm going to tell you why.
Because, children, way back when I was in college, let me ask you a question.
Who had the best record collection in the dorm?
Well, who was it, children? Was it Carl Weatherly next door?
Say no.
Absolutely not.
Was it the Pope of All New York?
That's right, children.
Who knew the best records?
Who knew the records with the most social cachet?
Who knew the records with the greatest soul, children?
Why, it was me, children. It was me.
No rabbit just found it.
The same is true of the cinema.
The same is true of the magazines, children.
Because, children, I made earlier in my life a commitment to this pop culture
because I liked it.
And I was dumb enough to try and pursue a career
from what I liked.
And, children, the conspiracy has carved my fate into my back.
Because, children, now, in that big demonic city of New York,
I sell my knowledge of what's cool.
I sell my knowledge of what's quality.
And I sell it, children, by writing and making the very commercials
and advertisements that seduce you into believing
that the conspiracy can't affect you.
Because I'm the guy that knows enough to put the conspiracy message in
in a way that you can't detect it.
Or in a way that flatters you into thinking you can detect it
and thus avoid becoming a conspiracy dupe.
Children, that's tricky work, avoiding becoming a conspiracy dupe.
That's very tricky work.
Because that conspiracy is in your DNA.
It's in your hair.
It's in your skin.
It's in the air you breathe.
And you have to learn how you respond to the conspiracy in order to find it.
Now, children, I flew 3,000 miles here tonight
to demonstrate to you the power of Bob within me.
But I also flew here tonight to repent, children.
I came here to repent.
I came here to cleanse myself of my connection to the conspiracy.
I came here to save you, children.
I came here to tell you what I have learned the hardest way.
I came here to save you, children.
I came here to save you, children.
I came here to get down on my knees and apologize to you, children.
I came here to let you know that the Pope of all New York is not a hero.
He is not a man to be admired.
He is not a man to be followed.
No.
He is unclean.
He is unclean.
He is filled with the power of the conspiracy, children.
And I have come here tonight to give you the example of my perdition, children.
My loss to you will not go down this path.
I have one thing left to say to you, children.
When you see this broken soul, when you see the shell of a man that once was,
I want you to remember what I flew 3,000 miles here tonight to tell you, children.
That is, you are good enough.
You are clean enough.
You are right enough.
But if, if, and only if, you get right with Bob tonight, good night.
.
Pope David of Lyre.
.

.
.
.
.
.
11, 10, 9, ignition sequence start, 5, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0.
All engines running.
Lift off.
We have a lift off.
And Jesus looked up toward heaven and he said, kill the fatted calf.
Let there be feasting.
Oh, let there be feasting, my friends.
What a frenzy.
Thank you.
Yes, thank you.
What a frenzy it has been.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Pope David N. Meyer, friends, was the, hold on just a second.
I've got to get some background music on here.
Oh, that's much better.
And this is Einstein's Secret Orchestra in the background playing off the CD.
Friends, the great Rev. Dr. Jack gave us, Rev. Dr. Mehoff, he's also known as, gave us, just donated this church a CD-ROM burner,
which means that I can now, well, the most important thing is I can keep safety masters of things on CDs.
It's a little perhaps safer than cassette tapes.
I don't know.
We'll see.
But it also means that we can, heck, we can just make our own CDs.
I can play, there can be Hour of Slack CDs in limited quantities, shall we say.
And, of course, the Hour of Slack is brought to you by the Church of the Subgenius,
which it's.
The church in itself is located at the great skyscrapers at Post Office.
You got that pencil ready to go, friends?
At Post Office Box 140306.
That's right.
140306 in lovely, lovely, oh, it's such a beautiful Dallas, Texas sort of a town.
7521.
now to continue with the tape recording
we were listening friends to the
DeVival in Seattle produced by Pope S. Lilith
who was heard at the beginning there
and I was going to run Pope Meyer
and the other Huey
Reverend Huey and Papa Joe Mama
and Pope Meyer's rant was just such a
classic one piece that I decided to just
go with it man so there
he had kind of a

I


it


And that's what life's like in the lair of the termite cave.
