Hail Atlantis. Hail Atlantis.
Ahhhh!
Welcome to the subgenius radio hour of slap.
Send 698 for the album. Only 998.
The UFO exhibiting anti-gravity capabilities follows the airliner right down to the surface of the earth to its landing.
The UFO is a bell-shaped type, which has been seen and photographed all over the world.
Angels flash through the heavenlies.
You know Ezekiel.
Saw a wheel.
But what a lot of us do not realize is that in chapter 1 of Ezekiel, verse 4,
the angels traveled in whirlwind fashion.
Not like our jets straight ahead. Whirlwind!
They move from one end of heaven to the other like the flash of lightning, verse 14.
And verse 15 says their color was burl.
Do you know what they put into spaceships now that are heaved out there?
The only thing that can withstand the heat.
Other things would disintegrate.
Burl Ilium.
It's like some kind of vision I've never seen before.
It was like a wagon wheel coming out of the sky.
And I was sitting on the porch with Aunt May.
She said, what is it, boy? What is it?
And I said, I don't know, ma'am. I swear to God I don't know.
But she said, praise Bob.
And you know, if Bob says something,
it's wall climbing.
What is it?
Wall climbing.
It's wall climbing.
Well, I was wall climbing. I was wall climbing.
And that's what Bob said to do.
That's what Bob told me to.
I was wall climbing.
And, uh, and, uh, I get real scared.
I'm scared, Bob.
Because, uh, I've seen them.
I've seen them before.
But there's more of them now.
And, uh, because there's lots more.
They're floating in the air.
And they're living in the wood and the rocks and everything.
And they're always kind of...
laughing and, and, and, uh,
fucking and killing and laughing and all the time.
Duncan Lunan of the British Interplanetary Society
has interpreted the signals as a message from a space probe.
A message from a dying planet in Epsilon Bootes.
When did you see your last flying saucer?
The last thing I seen was here Sunday week.
It was out in the wheat field.
In the wheat field.
Isn't that a little unusual?
No, I'm...
I think they must feed off weeds or something.
Yeah, the little green men's day was real head-catch.
Rockin' and a-rollin' through the crazy flats.
Brought out the sax and they started to flow.
Brought out the drums and they started to roll.
Flying saucer, rock and roll.
Flying saucer, rock and roll.
I couldn't understand it.
A thing dead said it was a lie.
It was a crazy beat it just to stop me dead.
Jump!
Ah, yes dear friends.
From Media Barrage number two.
The ancient one about UFOs.
And we heard from...
Well, actually it was 1981, I think.
Janer Hypercles and the late Reverend David Boone.
And Jonathan Winters.
And despite having those ancient crumbling recordings,
I barely remember.
Oh yeah, no, I forgot.
This is the part that you can remember.
Okay, you know what show it is now?
Yeah, oh, this is the...
I'm just getting nervous.
I'm watching this little car drive around like a cup of coffee.
The Little Puzzling Evidence Show on the little KPFA here in Berkeley.
Play all of it, huh?
You've got it wrong.
You've got it wrong.
I'm not going to play it.
You've got it wrong.
I'm not going to play it.




We can't play it on the new radio.
We can't play anything.
That's why, you know, that's why on all kinds of radio stations,
you only hear about eight bars of something.
Because then you don't have to pay the royalties and do the paperwork.
So no more whole songs.
No more whole songs for us.
Unless, of course, they're original material.
Thank you.
The copyright owners are us.
But it is good to be back here in California.
Yes.
After walking...
Horrorwood, Carlisle, Hornwood.
After schlepping it over to X Day on my bare feet.
Oh, X Day.
Yeah.
I want to hear about X Day.
And the audience goes wild.
Yeah, X Day.
They love it because they're thinking of XXX Day.
So how was it to see Guy Duhl and Ivan Stang and Queen of UFOs and Nikki Death Chick?
And who else would have been there?
They were great.
It was excellent.
One day we were...
We had good weather.
Except for one day we had this wonderful thunderstorm that rolled through during the night.
Man, I miss those.
And like rain like crazy.
Yeah.
And Guy and I drove around in the...
And you sleep in a van down by the river?
No, I didn't sleep in the van.
I slept in the trailer.
The van was like next to the fire and next to lots of people and would have been a miserable
place to stay.
And so I moved up on the hill to the hierarchy trailer.
Just like the old Docs Dogs.
And when I was in the hierarchy trailer, no one bothered me.
I set up my coffee making stand and my little brewing post.
So I had coffee every morning.








I had coffee every morning and afternoon there.
And good, strong California coffee.
Not that wimpy-ass Eastern coffee.
And then of course, let's see.
But overall it was good.
It was great.
We had a great time.
We had the amino acids played one night.
Those amino acids.
Yeah, they are amazing.
The ESO played another night.
And I got a chance to jam with ESO for two days.
Two different nights.
And that was great.
I mean, we really, we wailed.
We rocked.
We rocked!
We didn't suck!
Sure, sure.
Of course.
We tried to suck, but we just couldn't.
Yeah, you rocked.
We sucked at sucking!
No, no.
You didn't suck.
You rocked.
Well, that could be true.
Yes, I did you.
I think we did.
You got to.
Yeah, we did.
I think we did.
You got to.



Oh, yeah.
I think we did.
You got to.









All right, people.


Our journey is here.

Oh, no!




I'm gonna get on this train
I'm gonna get on this train
I'm gonna get on this train
I'm gonna get on this train
We grew our mullets out while we were there.
Mullet, bearing, load sharing.
One night, Guy and I drove.
We did the drumming routine where we drive around the compound in our narc-looking vehicle.
Yay!
Scaring the various pinks that happen to be there and the bobbies that all shy away from it.
And of course it was pouring down rain.
And I'm not kidding you, it was like, it never rains that hard here.
No.
It was raining in giant cascades where one foot was raining like a bucket per second.
Much like where you used to live.
Yeah, a lot like where I used to live.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Big thunderheads rolling over with lots of thunder and lightning.
Thunderheads.
Big cracking.
Yeah.
And so, yeah, Guy and I drove out in the middle of the compound road while it was raining like that.
And did various ritualistic activities in the rain.
That was actually a compound city.
Along with some young Bobby Eames.
Bobby Eames.
He was involved in those cult activities.
That we took with us and performed ritualistic activities up on.
Stay away.
Get your hands off me.
He's right over there, officer.
They rock!
Do your duty.
While we're on the air.
And incidentally, we think you guys.
After we get out.
Rock!
They may not rock as much.
How many days were you out there?
I mean, what happened to the end of the world?
Well, we got down to the end of the world.
I mean, first of all, it's, you know, six.
Six X day.
So it's the sixth year after the time when we thought the world was supposed to end the first time.
So now there's a whole.
All the new kids, the people that are getting into it now, each have their own theory on why the X's haven't landed yet.
So it's sort of like all these theories are jockeying for position as to the predominant theory.
That's as it should be.
And, of course, I ascribe to.
The next 100 years theory, which we have expounded upon on this very show ad infinitum.
Yes.
I don't know if this show.
Ad nauseam.
Hash out that abstruse subgenius.
Right.
And so.
I always said that in reference to the.
That strange cult.
Extrusion of logic in reality.
And so what was your question now?
Oh.
Well, Dr. Drummond, is it true that Dr. Howell, your comrade there at the show, is going to join me, Reverend Ivan Stang, at the Indy Bible on September 20th in Indianapolis for a huge subgenius freak out?
Can I get that info at subgenius.com?
What other news is there?
This is PR News.
I'm creating unintended problems.
For PR News.
I'm completely contained.
From Los Angeles, PR's 600 Kmart stores report.
From Eugene, Morgan Smith continues to battle two major campgrounds and several homes over the weekend.
PR radios at PR.org.
PR's Ricard resigned after a plagiarism scandal.
Yeah.
For PR News, I'm expected to return late in the week.
PR's Madeline Brand.
Blame for the.
Continuing attacks on the dance floor.
This is PR News.
I'm selected by the U.S.-led Occupation Authority to help baby abandonments.
No questions asked.
This is coming up on 930 at 10 o'clock this morning.
This is PR.
PR brought to you by Fernanda Namby.
Lemur.
They, they spelled, they misspelled Namby in this publication.
I want them, I want them written up right now.
The poet tells its tragic story.
They spelled it Mamby.
Namby Pamby.
Namby.
Sat on a fence.
This is what we're stuck at here at 412 in the morning at Subgenius International Airport.
X-Day's turned into such a big thing.
They had to build an airport just to handle all the people that come to X-Day now.
Here they get their Subgenius Church air.
And then they march off to the area where the end of the world will happen.
And Philodramon is down there.
We can see him on the floor.
Philo, what?
How?
How?
What?
How?
Goodbye belly fat.
How about it?
How about it?
Can we add icons?
Oh, yes.
Um, here.
In another edition of the ancient Subgenius traditions, we can, uh, we can now add treasured
and hated symbols of our lives to this fire.
Janina Grinder here has apparently a Virgin Mary, which she is.
My mom.
Thanks.
That's nice.
.
.
Some people have thrown in their drivers licenses, their work records, their time punch outs,
their parent's divorce papers.
.


And one especially .
Yes.
Example.
If I could throw my self esteem in the fire I sure would, but, uh.
I have Bob's rally monkey.
Bob did not rally.
Bob did not save us.
Bob's rally monkey.
Fat fucking monkey.

and now where the pagans would normally have hundreds of beautiful topless women we have
banjo bob
the ultimate spouse dance the sacred dance of the subgenius
hurry up and burn bob we're tired of waiting we're tired of waiting for the goddamn saucer
and we want to see your face burnt bob bob once asked the classic question would you
tell me if my face was on fire this is our chance
bob
my face is on fire my face is on fire snap out of it wake the up
oh where is the
invitation to go to anarchy
they will be twisted fisted biting fighting all in an evening
the soundtrack will go multi-platinum barbecue a poker while the effigies burn
you may not want to stay and see how we take care of our turncoat
christiana's kind of far away so come along with me
we can't dance and trip and be together but we can dance and trip and be together
we're gonna get the manual and put it in the oven till it cooks
we're gonna take the ashes to the wasp
so
hey
muslim anarchy camp
reckless abandonment
random acts of dumbness
we're gonna take the ashes to the wasp


we'll be rewarded if you see somebody taking charge
you'll be expected to beat them
cause everyone who's no one will be participating
no one who is someone will ever get to know the joys of anarchism
destruction of the system yeah
so come along with us
salad days and nights on the anarchian bus
we're gonna pick up indigents and crusties and a half a dozen nuts
and we're never coming home
underwater basket weaving
methamphetamine symposium
we're gonna take the ashes to the wasp



collaborative gas pump
added oxygen
at a gas email
we going to do it
it's it's range
鹽
anarchy camp
crazy
just like X Day




Anarchy Camp by the band NoFX.
And now, back to KPFA Berkeley, the puzzling evidence show where Philo is reporting on 6X Day,
although Dr. Howell had decided not to attend.
I know I've made some very bad decisions.
And I had people feeding me each day with gourmet food.
Yeah.
Just because I found out later is because I was a hierarchite.
Yep.
And they could have me like a figurehead in their camp.
And when I was sitting there, it attracted the bobbies up.
Now, did the camps have names to the camps?
People do stuff like the Tranquility Band.
Yeah, they had different names.
You know, they didn't.
There was one of the new subgenius bases that had a lot of the new subgenius guys from alt.slack and alt.binaries.slack.
Some of those new subgeniuses are a little off base.
Internet subgenii I had met in a compound called Poundbase.
Pound subgenius.
And that's just what I'd like to do.
And you can see it off in the distance.
It had these big flags and giant bob heads.
I went in there, and they were all computer geeks.
So you have to log into their camp.
When you walk up, you had to sign a big board, this rotating board.
They had this arcane mechanical device.
And you couldn't walk in unless you logged in, you know.
Board?
Never.
I was entertained.
It was kind of cool.
And then Doc Frop had his.

I don't know what other than we just always called it Frop's place.
If only I could leave the compound.
And then, let's see, there was Tranquility Base is really cool.
They have the Bonobo Bar and the Tiki Banzai Grill.
Bonobos?
I say, aren't those pick-me chimps?
They're all pretty cool.
We had a bomb.
They had a bomb, but we all made fun of them.
The Karl huge hen
Racoon
He had a huge hat and then he said,
if you want to be happy when you're happy then you can be happy when your mom is happy.

It's just one camera?

Who was jamming? Who was the jammies?
I jammed with ESO and Princess Wee.
Thank you.
Jammed with us.
We had, you know, Chaz was there and Dave, Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
He's a great American.
I know, I'd like to be on their show someday.
We should all go be on their show.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave is what makes this country great.
I was thinking, did you go?
I wasn't on the show, though.
Oh, you should have gone to be on show.
That would have been fun, but they were all getting ready for X Day.
I don't know that they even had time for the show.
That's pathetic.
How can that be?
Yeah, no lie.
Because the show is like just a tiny snatch of X Day.
I don't understand.
When you saw, I mean, you saw how elaborate Chaz's camp was.
He has this cool crate that he's built down there in the middle of T-Base Camp.
It's under the trees back in the woods.
And he's got his, like, he could live back in there.
It's got a little mini kitchen.
His computer's in there, all his history.
Yeah, and he's setting.
His whole history of CDs is his, you know, he's got a place to sleep.
CDs?
It's really nice and cozy back in there.
I guess I saw those.
Plus, he has all these young chicks that hang around.
Calking and balking and going, balk, balk, balk.
He sails in on his own yacht.
He sails in on his van.
Yeah.
He's got a van, you know.
What's the name of his book?
I can't remember.
I can't remember.
He's a history of rock and roll.
Yeah.
I'd like to get that.
I have a good...
He's a real musicologist kind of guy.
Yeah, that's fine.
But Tranquility Base plays mostly...
I wonder if he listens to this show.
See, I think it's important that he listens to this show.
Okay, I need a little more church air here.
I don't know if he listens to this show or not.
Look, there's a caller.
Oh.
Thanks for waiting and go right ahead.
Yeah, I'm calling from Glen Rose.
I talked to these two a couple of months ago.
About some cattle mutilation.
Yeah, you were the farmer, right?
Right.
Raised cattle.
Yeah.
I told you all about the mutilation.
You all said it'd be a good idea if I sent some money in.
Might give me an edge.
Right, right.
Friends, I must interrupt here.
My own wife didn't recognize these voices,
so I should explain that what follows is like the third radio appearance ever
in 1980 of yours truly.
Reverend Ivan Stang and my partner, Dr. Philo Drummond,
on George Nolan's show on KFJZ in Fort Worth.
The guy calling in is my brother.
Well, we've had another one down here.
Is that right?
Cattle mutilation.
How much money did you send in?
Well, that's the problem.
I never got around to sending some money in.
Well, that's why.
Well, we can't.
We don't have that much to do with cattle mutilation,
but we can.
We can help put you on the alert to who might be doing it.
And how to watch out for them.
Yeah, that whole situation with the cattle mutilations is pretty spooky.
Not very many people know about it.
And we've found that lately an even scarier aspect,
a UFO-related goldfish mutilation.
Goldfish mutilation.
Right in your own home.
You're going to see a lot more of that.
It's like you'll wake up in the morning
and people will find that their goldfishes have been mutilated
and know.
No explainable reason for whatsoever.
No breaking.
Surgically.
Surgically.
Yeah, certain organs surgically removed.
It's just scary as can be.
We've seen that in some of these animals down here.
Uh-huh.
Is there any way to find out who's doing it?
Well, there's a lot of theories on that.
One theory says that it's the conspiracy doing it
and making it look like UFOs to discredit law enforcement agencies.
Another theory.
Says that it is UFOs and they're using cattle eyeballs for rocket fuel.
Um, and another theory is that it's some crazed teenage zombies out there
that are going wild.
Some weird religious cult doing it for who knows what reason.
Boy, there are weird cults around, aren't there?
There are.
Most of the cults, I might add, some of them are us, but most of them are them.
And most of the ones that are us don't know they're us.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, now, wait a minute.
You've got to straighten out.
The us are the good guys.
The them are the bad guys.
That's right.
There are a lot of latent subgeniuses.
But by the same token, there are a lot of conspiracy members out there
who don't know they're working for the conspiracy.
A lot of latent homo sapiens, too, you know.
That's right.
Or homo correctus is what the subgeniuses descended from.
Well, I wanted to know if there's...
Should I try to find out who's doing it or catch anybody doing it?
Well, send us some money to begin with,
and we can fill you in on a whole lot more.
That box number you can send it to is Box 140306, Dallas 75214.
I might add, that is a real post office box.
I have seen it, touched it, opened it, and it actually exists.
We're not kidding about that.
And we will send you material that will help explain not only cattle mutilations,
but hundreds of other true mysteries in this modern space age agogo world.
And I can also verify...
I can also verify that these guys, not only is that a real post office box number,
these guys are real actual solicitators, solicitation...
They are asking for money, really.
I'll send some money in this time. Maybe it'll help.
In the meantime, you can sit out on your ranch in the dark
and just watch for bright lights in the sky.
And different kinds of things.
Well, the different kind of things, what I'm worried about finding.
Don't worry about taking a gun with you. It won't do any good.
Well, that's...
That's a hell.
Yeah, bullets cannot stop them.
Come, my creatures. I summon all of you to attend.
On March 22nd, hundreds of people witnessed a pair of flying objects.
For the next nine days, UFOs rose out of the sea,
hung in the air, remained motionless,
and in various manners, reported over the metropolitan city...
I've opened the surface of the earth. It's time to attack.
No!
No!
No!
No!







Why are you there, and whether you really had your tongue in your cheek or not?
Especially the farmer who had...
See, he had a special calculation, yeah, on his land.
And his neighbor thought it was strange, too.
Are not the angels ministering spirits?
And so if the ministering spirits shall be the air of salvation...
Only earth with its single moon
can have exactly total solar eclipses.
Because...
too remarkable an occurrence to be due entirely to chance.
Good. Nothing can stop us now.
It'll only take a few hours to attach this detonator.
Then we can all take off for Mars.
Are you sure the rocket can carry all of us and your men from the island, too?
Oh, yes. Now get Dr. Harding.
He's going to help me make the final adjustments on the bomb.
Okay.
I know what's going on now.
I'm totally aware of everything.
You've got the robot in the car.
We've got the control panel here.
We'll take it along and let the robot do the fighting for us.
Then we'll have to wait before we find out what this is all about.
Not entirely.
The papers we found in Harding's laboratory explain why they're building the hydrogen bomb.
Its explosion was intended to...
deflect the rotation of the Earth enough to send it out of its orbit and spinning off into space.
Those zombies must have been as crazy as they looked.
It may sound ridiculous, but it's theoretically possible.
It's certainly lucky you managed to stop them in time.
Yeah, we're safe now, for the time being.
But there are undoubtedly more of those power-mad creatures loose on other planets.
So it'll take constant vigilance on our part to ensure the safety of this world.
If the people do not seek to offend you,
another and worse war will break out.
When you see a night with a strange light in the sky,
you will know it is a sign that the world is about to be punished for its crimes.
You irresponsible bitch!
Yes, baby! You irrepressible bitch!
Why did you take my fun-tang away from me?
You thought you were just one of those that were gonna ruin the world?
Give me back the fun-tang!
God don't get me!
I'm not a fucking human!







Give me back my fun-tang!
Give me back my fun-tang!
Give me back my fun-tang!
Oh, ayayayaya, oh.
Ah. Oh.
La la la la la!
Give me back my fun-tang!
Give me back my fun-tang!
I'm gonna make it all up to you
I'd like to give it all to you
Objects in motion, Earth, Venus, Mars
A place without gravity, I no longer see stars
Not far in the future, where did that galaxy go?
The fading of photographs, a dying light bulb
I'm gonna make it all up to you
I'd like to give it all to you
Across the horizon for an infinite time
Dying of loneliness without the sunshine
All together but away from each other
With darkness between us, with darkness between us
I'm gonna make it all up to you
I'd like to give it all to you
I'm gonna make it all up to you
I'd like to give it all to you
I'm gonna make it all up to you
I'd like to give it all to you
I'm gonna make it all up to you
I'd like to give it all to you
Objects in motion, Earth, Venus, Mars
A place without gravity, I no longer see stars
Not far in the future, where did that galaxy go?
The fading of photographs, a dying light bulb
Across the horizon for an infinite time
Dying of loneliness without the sunshine
All together but away from each other
With darkness between us, with darkness between us
With darkness between us
Like letter C, letter D, truth.com
Wonderful band that we see every year at the Devotional
And before that we heard Give Me Back My Fun Thing
By the baby Philo Drummond
Singing with his old band, the Swingin' Love Corpses
This music in the background, by the way, is
Einstein's Secret Orchestra jamming at 6X Day
With Dr. Philo Drummond and Princess We Are Doe
As well as, I think, Dr. Lake King
Uh, ah, yes
And now
We stand here
At this anti-progressivist warehouse
Filled with so many of our comrades, com-comrades of ours
Kings of corn, we used to call them before the Bolshevik days
Back when the Tsarist police hunted us like
It's the Wellman-Howell Syndrome
Roman Howell?
And
Romanoff
It's an outside joke
But, uh, physicists on three international teams have discovered the Pentaquark
But did they take their fresh fruit, organic vegetables?
So you can imagine what it's like to be stuck on this narrow-gauge railway with these subgenius
gods all day yakking about their me shows
Yeah, they're one-wheeled narrow-gauge railways
It's like a unicycle
Railroad
They didn't catch on very well
This bulletin is just in
No, it can't be read on the ticket
You can't read the bulletin that's just in because it is a violation of FCC law
And they do, it is law, folks, I'm not kidding you
We have to sign on to these new laws, these special laws, these high-purpose laws
And now here's Philo driving around next to him here
He's a narc
He's a narc
He's a narc
He's a narc
He's a narc

He's a narc


And he's enforcing the laws of the subgenius church
If you were not observing the laws of the subgenius church during the X-Day observance, it was
quite often seen that apparently the old church would pull you over and search your mind
And say, I notice you have not offered me your phone number
And they'd search your mind
Now I must kill you
An invitation to visit you at your fine home
Search your soul
I'm frightened by your mind

shapely legs. Your flashing eyes, your floating hair. I am provoked by your weight, all-consuming
lust. No, for my lith, nubile flesh. And so here comes Stang with his security force. He's landing.
Up came Stang with his big boot on. Stang, you pervert stalker. He says to Doug Zane, what is your
So this is a fake Stang with the helicopter landing. And the real Stang is over there,
behind the fence on that grassy knoll with a set of binoculars, watching. And oh my, I see,
he's doing, he's watching with his one hand. Okay, so we're going to go back to X-Day now.
The amino acids, live at 6XX.
1,2,3.
Then base get ready to
I found the
But they light you a light은
It's done




And Sally find you feel like you would make
A blackooooo
Straw, poor and he backwards provides orange financially for a favor.
The Amino Acids
It's live at 6X Day, friends!
And they never stop.
And this is a good time for me to mention that at 6X Day,
one of the most joyous events is the Bull Dada Auction.
Yes, where the subgenius ministers auction off the weirdest crap they can locate.
Sometimes it's not just stuff.
Sometimes it is their own bodies or sex acts or glands or fluids.
Once G. Gordon Gordon auctioned off his septum.
Yes, his septum for a lap dance.
Anyway, friends, the Bull Dada Auction.
You know Bull Dada is the latest exploration of advanced surrealistic Dadaism
in which the mind is filled with dirt and glugs
which trickle like mutilated centipedes down the sides of the now empty cranium
to find shelter and rest inside the now sightless eye sockets.
This definition of Bull Dada was broached first by the great Shredney Chisholm
in I believe the year 1972.
Uh, since elaborated on to include everything kitschy, marvelous, insane
and somehow packed with meaning for the subgenius.
Although it might appear like this show to be absolute trash to those without discernment.
Those pathetic normworms and pig boys who crawl their way through their jobs and misperceptions
that they call life.
Praise Bob.
Sex.
Mortar.
What are you doing?
Oh, I have something else I need to auction off.
You know, every X day, some things instantly become relics.
And, um, we have a couple relics back at the camp.
That was three?
I'm probably going to get rid of them later on.
But anyway, a relic has been created.
Let me see the hands of all of those who know what teabagging is.
Eww.
Alright, you subgeniuses, you all know what teabagging is.
How many of you know who teabagging is?
Who Doc Fropp is?
Oh yeah.
Alright.
One human soul.
How many of you know what Chewy Chips Ahoy Chocolate Chip Cookies are?
Oh yeah.
Well, I'm here auctioning off chewy chocolate chip cookies that have been teabagged by Doc
Fropp.
Come on.
Right before the Bulldada auction began.
Oh my God.
I'm so sorry.







I'm in my business now.
The going price for a brand new, unopened, sealed bag is $3.69.
They're mostly gone.
I was handing them out right before I came up.
Damn you!
Damn you all to hell!
I saved Princess Wade.
I would not allow her to eat a cookie.
But you, Stan.
Yes, you.
And the Lord.
The bidding starts at 50 cents for the last remaining teabag cookies.
Think of the fun you could have at your next campground gathering.
Two dollars!
Two dollars!
Damn.
Going once, going twice?
Three.
The text will never go away.
Sold for two dollars.
Alright.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.






Praise the Bob.
And you're listening to PR news.
But there comes a time we need to get things done.
The time has passed.
Yesterday was also Bob Day.
Bob Day.
PR news.
Bob Day.
Bob Day.
Bob Day.
Bob Day.
Bob Day.
Bob Day.
Bob Day.
Bob Day.
Bob Day.

Bob Day.
the Northwestern Pit Children Foundation, driven to suicide.
From PR News in Washington, I will not say where the bodies are being taken.
Ha ha.
And from...
This is PR Radio.
Seven provocative mental girls at noon.
From PR News in Washington, I'm in an ambush.
NPR's Brad Eglint reports.
Brad will not report in the coming days.
Philip Pan, Beijing correspondent for the Washington Post, has barricaded himself inside Beijing.
Oh yes, it's in the 46th day today.
Thanks.
Thank you.
PR News.
Washington.
The German ambassador to the United Nations.
Germany would welcome such an approach.
PR News.
Well, um...
There's much more news.
There is more news.
But it's...
It's so depressing now.
Dang, I...
I can't go the next day.
I don't have the money and I...
I don't have a job now and...
And it's a long way to go and I don't know anybody and I'm being...
What do you say to that, Philo?
What do you say to somebody that says they...
I don't think I can't go the next day.
You say there is...
I say, uh...
Sud, it's good you know your deficiencies now so we don't have to fool with you later.
I don't want to have to fight and trudge over your lifeless corpse on my way to the...
To the X-Day Saucers.
When I'm making my way towards the...
The bounciest beauty of...
Graceful arms and those beautiful sex goddesses that I will, uh...
Know that I don't have to worry about you...
Taking up space and breathing my precious air.
Pinhole.
That's what I say to those bobbies that tell me that.
I say there's five reasons to choose me.
I'm drop-dead gorgeous.
I will never rush you.
It's a mutual massage.
I'm sweet and kind.
Foil-wrapped cucumbers to my legs.
You guys got any more smoothies?
Well, also, um...
You should read all these wonderful books about military skills.
I'm taking a nap.
That's why I'm taking a nap.
You got the X-Day.
You got the X-Day.
You got to get out of here.
You're a little early, sir.
Y'all, y'all, yeah.
X-Day's like a year away now.
We're getting ready to go to...
X-Day is over.
That's crazy.
It's crazy to think you could go to...
Back in time.
We're going to go to the end of the world next year.
What kind of thinking is that?
What kind of thinking?
That's some stinking thinking.
You're going to have to get rid of that stinking thinking.
What's wrong with that show?
I want you to leave your mind behind.
And I want you to practice ancient Indian medicine
that offers time-tested solutions
for gastrointestinal, environmental, and emotional problems.
Okay, okay, okay.
Mass hysteria.
Mass hysteria.
Mass hysteria.
Mass hysteria.
There's no way to do that.
Well, I won't say that.
Yeah, okay, don't, because it's...
Well, don't think of this one.
There's a company called...
Mass hysteria.
That's us on the show.
You can thank your lucky stars...
You thank your lucky stars...
Mass hysteria.
...as you reconnect with our divinity.
All right, 60-cycle hum on the show.
No one will panic.
Did you bring any salty bags next?
That mommy will never reach the gates of Zion.
At the same time, man.
I don't have any bag full of crunchy items.
I don't want a stupid old Matrix.
How about some snacks, like potato chips?
Up until now, most of the focus on UFOs has been...
Not UFOs.
Is this real?
And if it is real, where is the evidence?
Only by exposing the full truth around the UFO question
can we get to the core reasons for the intense secrecy
surrounding this issue and the potential use of a highly...
I'm looking for fire.
Doesn't that...
...sophisticated technology for the betterment of our planet?
So you know, there's a techno...
...lubricated tunnel.
...rives it crazy at this hour of the morning.
But of course, people's funds for salty snacks
reflects a fundamental biological imperative.
All cells, in order to survive, have to have salt.
They've just got to have salt.
They've just got to have it.
Every cell in your body...
They're just licking it up.
They need a big old salt lick to go down there.
...your cells.
...for a jumbo-sized...
...one salt lick per cell.
...bag of KFC barbecue potatoes.
So how many times did you jam it next day?
...the V8.
What?
Did you say somebody was rocking out in there?
Oh, my God.
It's Carter LeBlanc.
It's Reverend Carter LeBlanc.
Ranting.
What?
What?

What?
How dare he say...
I can't...
Oh.
This...
When Buddha sees me on the road,
he tries to kill me.
I abduct aliens,
and I shove them up my ass!
I can kick more ass than a five-legged girl.
I floss my teeth with ten-dimensional hyperspirant.
I blow my nose with the fabric of reality,
and I lick my ass with the wool
that other people pull over their own eyes.
I may not take you like me for a doctor,
but I'm a saint.
Unbelievable, dear friends.
Reverend Carter LeBlanc suddenly fired up,
leaping on the stage with the Minoan brain-eaters
jamming in the background like mad.
It's insane.
It's mad.
It's 6X Day.
It's bad!
No!

No!
No!


No!
No!
No!



No!
No!





Friends, you can't understand a word he's saying,
but go, baby, go!
It doesn't matter if it's a crime or a joke.
It doesn't matter if it's industrial secrets.
You're selling good shit.
It's not hard to sell.
Anybody, anybody who has studied any form of transcendental mysticism,
know that you're a saint.
and know
that this reality is an illusion
the things that surround us
are nothing at all
and that's a great deal for you
that's a great deal for you
right
because
if the world we live in
if the world we live in is truly nothing
then Bob Dobbs has a great deal
for you he's got something
for nothing and it's only going to
cost you $30
amazing dear friends the Minoan Brain Eaters
opening for amino acids
and Reverend Carter LeBlanc
ranting his fool head off
jut ck
ов
what's that talking about
sort of
I do want you to know
not to do this

pays people attention
DAVID ROGERS
with VHALEHOSE these subtitles are absolutely brilliant
like having a club at one of the clubs one of the camp clubs theme camps as opposed to the main
stage there is a main stage at x day and the main stage is where the events take place like you know
the uh the bobby contest the alien contest they have to put up the uh various uh
show oh yeah that played we're at the main stage i think i've seen that in the uh
there was a kind of like an artsy band there that was playing casios and had a
frizzling body hangs on the wires until it decays and falls away a fey like um
uh lead singer that was spouting some kind of obtuse poetry yeah and then they have of course
the swimming pool and the various hot tubs in the area there's like two two hot tubs hop in
and
and then it's that's just a copy don't jump in you know the various dump stations that we like to
visit periodically and all the various places where you can purchase your subgenius yes it's
like it's like grand view i mean oh it's it's much more developed than grand view it's it's a private
campground yeah for privates only no corporals are allowed so you know people wander around
without any clothes on without feeling restricted or inhibited in any way
other than without the nasty stairs of those traveling in subgeni that just gawk and gawk
but then we were naturally endowed with astonishing powers
and the things of renewal self-repair the world happened regeneration and here we are
you listening me talking nothing seems different
what happened the aliens came let's rewind that once millisecond when the world ended
video
when did you say well there the aliens are
coming i really like the way that sample collar sample collar made it sound so real this time
so that's what the aliens did they came they exterminated and here we are are you getting
enough magnesium well i'm getting my zinc and uh i'm also getting packing his ink into a
soup bag and he's ready to go what about the talking apollo 11 lunar module what about the
maximizing your ear and brain function technique exorcise your brain function what about the
maximizing a deal yeah we'll bring it up to about like these are the 90 psi you take to learn the
techniques it takes to make tapes all right thank you those it's not preparing for the end of the
show here i think yeah we're starting to put our records away we're putting our tapes back in our
tape boxes we're putting we're putting our our uh our all of our catalogs and our healing magazines
and our various uh subgenius regalia back in its little packages and it's
uh holders and it's holsters like nancy i'm putting my guns back in their holsters
and i am wrapping up all my fish my dead fish i i'm just showing you reverend hal is placing his
accoutrements in his well-worn leather attache i call it my couch it's attached to him it's on his
own onto his back well okay it may have my back
pouch i haven't felt anything with all the waste for years but uh
thirsting after lusting after salt is of crucial importance and to keep themselves supplied with
this critical liquid animals have developed ways for sensing sodium chloride and other
salts then with their long tongues they they lick it and they slap it up they lick it
so i guess all this licking occurs
so what happened right at the end of the world what did you guys do the exes didn't come again and
uh of course i never get up it's traditional that philo always sleeps over sleeps knowing
that when that actually comes the sex goddesses will come to the cabin the the hierarchy of the
for me.
And I won't have to worry about actually
waking up.
If he is not going to wake up,
we will not come down.
Sex goddesses.
Try again next year.
Sorry. Goodbye.
Oh, you thought I was talking
about you. I get it. Okay.
Well, I was. Actually, we were talking about you.
You probably think this show is about you.
Don't you?
Especially if your name
just happens to be Robert.
But this show is about
the one true slack master
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The pipe-smoking
super salesman of belief
and disbelief.
And the infinite
detail can be had about
Bob at www.subgenius.com
Or you can
send me crap at
stang, P.O. Box
181
417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio
44118
Or send
a self-addressed stamped envelope
for free information to
subgenius at
P.O. Box 204206
Austin, Texas
78720
And now
Soso Dada
with his latest mix
Voodoo Crispy
X Day 6
Bob is back
and he's
better than ever
Bob Zott
and his
ip
Thank you.
Thanks.
Hey, so-so data.
And now, friends of the Subgenius Emergency Medical Technician.
Yes, at every X-Day we have a nurse.
And this is her.
Our official doctor, you might say.
Real doctor, available for people who get hurt at X-Day.
And my fellow Subgenius Foundation employee, Reverend Nikki Deathchair.
I know what's going on now.
I'm totally aware of everything.
Don't worry, it'll heal.
It wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't so funny.
If it wasn't so funny that you were hurt.
It wasn't so true.
If only it wasn't so funny that you were hurt.
You gotta laugh at your pain.
The basis of humor is the discomfort of others.
Punishing every thought.
Oh my God.
He's gonna have a cardiac arrest.

The M.T. will have to do it.
He'll do it.
Sherman Volunteer Fire Department.
He's laughing.
It's not the honest thing, the laughing is killing me.
Let's go run around and say goodbye to everybody.
She's dying.
She's dying from laughter.
Okay, okay.
We gotta go.
We'll take your name with us, Nikki.
Where am I going?
We gotta say goodbye to everybody else.
Okay.
It was fucked up.
What are we doing?
It's so tragic.
I'm gonna miss you guys so much.
I'm gonna miss you guys so much.




What the fuck is going on?
Let's party.
Let's like go.
We've got five minutes left.
The Sudden News Foundation Company is a family.
Oh yes, it is.
It's the entire corporation.
He's so violent.
So violent.
Bob, you're alive.
Oh my God.
It's all Stane's fault and I've had enough.
I'm sorry.
Oh, when the doms.
head goes.
Oh, when the doms heads.
Oh, when the doms go killing keeps.
Oh, oh, I want to be a Democrat jelly Dom's town.
When the dimes heads go killingよ。
When the doms has.
Oh, when the doms has it.
Oh, when the doms has.
I head.
interessante.
Bob's town.
When the Bob's heads go killing things.
Do you know, Bob needs you right now.
He needs your $30.
Banjo Bob, you insufferable inebriate.
How the fuck are you?
Oh, I took your advice, you fucking turd.
I put shoes on you, motherfucker.
You know, if I were...
Some old man told me to put shoes on.
If it wasn't for your mattress-backed mammy
with that curb service sign
and the fucking double-bed mattress on her back,
I wouldn't be a motherfucker.
