Oh boy!
I wonder with Bozo
On a tour with Bozo
Life will be as merry as a song
So when Bozo goes a dreamin'
Dream along, dream along, dream along with Bozo
Hehehehahahaha!
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to
The subgenius power of SWAT!
Life is different
Time
We love you baby, we love you
Coming to a radio near you
The greatest program ever heard
Just press any afflicted body part against the radio
And feel the healing power of the fuel injected
Semi-far out subgenius hour of SLAT!
Cures fallen arches, impotence, hemorrhoids, bad teeth
Terminal conservatism and boredom
Gets a thousand bucks
A thousand miles to the gallon
Crashes into freeway supports at 500 miles per hour
And still comes back for more
Makes Christine look like a Yugo
Recharges dead batteries in seconds
Diverts tornadoes and sends lightning towards the nearest government building
Gets rid of wrinkles in everything
Turns black and white TVs into color models like that
The subgenius hour of SLAT!
Can turn a tiresome house cat into a lovely set of driving gloves instantly
Puts tread back on old tires
Mystically rebuilds gummy carburetors
Wipes your debts off computer rolls nationwide
And puts scorpions in the pants of your employers
Break the psychic speed limit of your own mind
By tuning into the subgenius hour of SLAT!
With your demonic pit crew boss
The high octane river and Ivan Stang
Oh that's me!
I guess that's where I was supposed to come in
Oh yeah, it was Hell Poe Kiwi
We've got everything tonight
We've got puzzling evidence
We've got tons and tons of really weird music
Well that's always true
That was true back in that show
What show was that?
Um...
Hey where's my CD background noise?
Damn it!
Oh I had it plugged into the amp instead of into the mixer
Don't you see?
Yes friends
And uh...
Oh we do have...
That was Hell Poe Kiwi doing that old hour of SLAT promo
We're listening to Oseva in the background
I got to hear them do this live
Uh...
In New York
A couple of weeks ago
Friends it's been a very busy time
That's why I've had to send out re-runs
Although I'm happy to send out re-runs
It's important that you young people hear that old stuff by us old people
But I've got tapes from the Music Militia's amazing
Shall we call it Screw the Grammys
Event in New York
Which uh...
Oh god
It was everything that it was promised to be
Of course
And um...
What else have I got here?
Oh a wonderful Suzie the Floozy morality play
Concerning X Day
Which we'll get to I guess down towards the end
We have a new Jehovah Hates Fred album
That is very beer influenced
And yet despite that false SLAT ambience
They somehow managed to do a kick up job
Um...
The uh...
Screw the Grammys uh...
Awards uh...
Ceremony recording came out really good
Uh...
Praise um...
Oceva and Nick from Grass
Who uh...
Did all that
We'll be hearing a lot of that
Although friends
I've got to leave for the Seattle and Portland Devivals in a day or so
And I don't know if I have time to cut the cuss words out of the anti-Grammys stuff
Uh...
Dr. Legume was there
I was there
And of course uh...
And King Missile
John Hall of King Missile was there
I've got an excellent recording of his new stuff
But it's all very cuss worthy
It's very lathered in um...
Words that can only be played in uh...
Totalitarian countries such as Canada
Or on illegal pirate broadcast stations
Praise Bob
So um...
Uh...
Yes thank you thank you
Thank you Ender thank you
We also have some ESO of course
And um...
Oh!
Oh I should mention friends
That uh...
We finished
The sti...
You know I've been mentioned every now and then
The uh...
The Steve Jackson Games Illuminati New World Order subgenius game
And the graphics that I've been working really hard on
And that's done!
It's done my friends!
In fact I've got a uh...
Black and white print out of the...
The card...
Each card in front of me
And the box
Oh god the box looks great
If only I could project this in color
If only radio wasn't just...
I don't know











2D black and white
Man I...
God I could...
Well like...
Like here's the...
Here's a typical card
Okay this is a...
A uh...
Card that requires subgenius action
In the game
I'm not sure what that means
I've never played this game
But it's uh...
It's uh...
The card is called Eternal Salvation
Or Triple Your Money Back
And it has a picture of Bob
A 3D graphic that I did
With Nenslo's help
Of Bob in Hell
And it's uh...






Holding out a refund check for $90
And there's a little blurb at the bottom of it
That says two!
Count em!
Two!
And this is true friends
Two paradises for $30
One while you're alive
Lasting as long as you want
And one when you decide to die
No other religion offers a better deal
Offer good through July 4th 1998
Did you hear that friends?
Offer good through July 4th 1998
Some restrictions apply
Void where prohibited by law
Close cover before striking
Please recycle
slightly higher in Canada. Play this card at any time. Draw enough new plots to fill your hand out
to five. You may only play this card once per game. It requires an action from one subgenius
group. The rules for this game are very arcane, and they're tied into the best-selling Illuminati
game that Steve Jackson... Actually, the boxed card set will be out in April or so. As far as I'm
concerned, it's one of the great final end-time subgenius products. It's actually a Discordian
slash subgenius collaboration, because Steve Jackson Games is about as close to a Discordian
center headquarters as I guess there'll ever be.
Well, I've got two little news things to read to you, friends. Number one, the Sacramento Bee
reported in November that a group of young people from the East Valley Four Square Church in
Orangevale, California, were recently observed playing what they call Bambi Baseball, supervised
by youth minister Robin Gattis. Bambi Baseball. The name came from what was used as a bat,
the frozen leg of a deer. A frozen cow tongue.
Number two, the game was played by a person who was a member of the Bambi Baseball League,
and the person who played the game was the ball. Bambi Baseball. It was also reported that an earlier
version of the game was played by swinging a frozen trout to hit a frozen squid. More about those
squids later, friends. At one point in the course of doing the game, I personally was called upon to
create an illustration to fit the card and concept, Reign of Prairie Squid.
And, in fact, using techniques perfected by assassinated Nen's Master Nen's Low, I was able to create
80 3D squids and depict them raining from a clear blue sky. We'll play a song about that later.
Now, this last thing, and this is an Hour of Slack, as far as I know for radio and media, this is an
Hour of Slack exclusive.
This came off the internet, but, well, actually, it was emailed. It was something emailed directly to
subgenius Byron Werner by someone named Greg McGuire, who went...
Last week, I read an article about Monica Lewinsky, the president's girlfriend. Yes, it's okay. What?
Jennifer and I are going to go cruise around like crazy young ruffians.
You're going to cruise around?
Like, well...
Heathens.
We are heathens around here.
Yeah. What are heathens?
Okay.
Okay.
Those are people who believe in Bob or don't believe in Bob. Have fun.
We're heathens.
Okay. Anyway, this guy went to school, or went to the same school that Monica Lewinsky did, elementary school.
I read an article about Monica Lewinsky, discovered that she attended the same elementary school that my younger brother attended.
While I was visiting my parents, I was reading about the same school that my younger brother attended.
I was reading about her parents. Curiosity got to me, and I decided to look her up in the yearbook from 1982.
Monica must have missed picture day, because not a single third grader resembled her, though I did find a picture of Tori90210 spelling, who was in Monica's class.
However, I did find...what I did find was even more entertaining. A large section of the yearbook had stories and poems written by all the students.
The third grade students each wrote a poem called I Am...
. . .
Some titles include I Am a Monster, I Am a Doll, I Am Pac-Man. Remember, this is from 1982, and I Am Superman.
I submit to you, this email says, the poems by the two most famous third graders. This is not a joke.
The first one is by Tori Spelling, friends. Now, I've noticed that people, men anyway, seem to, and women both, I guess, seem to, if you bring up Tori Spelling, they either go,
She's the ugliest woman in the world!
She's the ugliest woman on TV!
Or else, and I'm of this latter group,
Yeah, that horse face makes her the most interesting looking woman on TV.
I, man, I...
I like Tori. I like Tori Spelling's looks, friends. Anyway, it's that, that, it's almost a joker face. Almost. But yet, it just, mmm, that jaw, ugh. She almost looks like a female bob.
Anyway, I Am an Elf, by Tori Spelling.

I am an elf, my own little self. I am so small, you can't see me at all. If you ask what I eat, only one small red beet. I hide on a shelf, my own little self, I am an elf.
Now, um, that's just a cute, very bland poem. I don't think it says anything about Tori Spelling. All I care about Tori Spelling is that she has the richest dad in Hollywood, and the biggest house.
And if I could marry my son off to her, man, if I could marry her, huh, oh, whoa.
But Monica Lewinsky's poem is classic. It is called I Am a Pizza.
I am a pizza. I can be a delicious lunch, dinner, or breakfast if you're weird. I have a great deal of toppings on me.
I am a round and flat piece of dough
with lots of toppings. I make your mouth water. I am very good to eat, but I'm fattening. I am a mouth's best friend. I make you say yum yum. I am a pizza.
By Monica Lewinsky, third grade.
Now, um, I just think, friends, I think that that, uh,
I think that girl sounds like a bonobo type of, uh, subgenius, actually. She sounds like she just, the girl has to have it. The president had to have it.
Who, have I said this before on this show? Who would you rather have with their finger on the button that can destroy the world?
A, a pent-up old guy that has to pay for it?
Or a, a, a satisfied, fat and happy,
a, a, a satisfied, fat and happy,

guy that just finished,
uh, being a recipient of a, a fine sleeve job, friends. I just, I don't know, that kind of thing. It's...
But whatever happened to ethics and morality in our great land? Oh, it's...
Blah blah blah blah.
And it's fun. It's fun.
We did it at the Olympics.
Oh, we just did it, didn't we?
Oh, what the hell am I talking about?
Never mind.
Or you can get on the internet and broadcast to the whole wide world.
Or you could advertise your, uh, your, uh, your zoo, zoo phobias, your child restraining devices, some of the strange new designs you have this year.
Oh, those are coming up on the monitor right now.
Oh, what is this?
Oh, these are the new products we got, Chaz.
Oh, look, it's the product line. I didn't see this.
Oh, monitor 23.
Oh, they did a really good job with this.
Yeah, those guys ain't getting a raise from me, though. Don't worry about it.
Oh, look at it. It's the little bob heads in the corner.
Twirling around in each corner.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wow, it's kind of 3D.
Yeah.
Man, the little, the little worms are creeping out of his eyeballs.
How'd they do that?
Oh, man, look.
It's the corruptigating worms.
Yeah, I think you can sing along to this one.
Yeah.
You look, man. They look pink and pale.
Prairie squids. Numinous, luminous prairie squids.

83D squids falling from the sky. 83D squids. Man, they get me so high.
83D squids. Now they're falling, oh no. 83D squids. Come on, let's go.
83D squids. Come on, let's go.
We were driving down the road. Something started to snow.
Looked like nothing, oh no.
But we had ever seen anything like it.
83D squids. 83D squids.
83D squids falling from the sky. 83D squids.
83D squids. Man, they get me so high. 83D squids. Now they're falling, oh no.
83D squids. I got them head to toe.
83D squids.

Well, we pulled off to the side. We just knew they wanted to ride.
Sweetest, sweetest you'll ever know.
Blow you right through the door
If you're ever out in your ride
Don't think you have to run and hide
When you see some hairy pink pink snow
Coming down, no, no
Coming down from the sky
Just pull over, let them come inside
Fallen prairie squid is the best, best kind
And you sub-D knees, enjoy the ride
83D squids, falling from the sky
83D squids, well they get you so high
83D squids, now they're coming, oh no
83D squids, now that's like the law
83D squids
83D squids
83D squids
83D squids
83D squids
83D squids
Leigh你說 particles
When they're out and about
Leigh says 용
sing it with me dave
it's all i could think of doing we yes and it turned out it was so left
so left i have to recount crazy people friends it's what they are
crazy people
it's a new sound
it sounds like to me it's a new sound for the 90s it's the 60s upside down
it's a new sound for this decade and it's all wrong
it's a new sound blasting through your ears it's a song total of your fears
new sound for today i wish the new sound would go away hit it all right all right
all right i'll stop i'll go back to my normal chorus and reverb you know
you know i'll stop that new sound if you want i was kind of digging that it sounds fine
we're looking for a new sound no no no we're not we're not
okay we're looking for the old sound
you know i remember when you know just before sound was invented people would be going around
going and going like and then going like and then and just basically not making any sounds
because you know it was before a sound was invented then long came a guy with new sound
you know freshly packaged with bright new labels you say new sound
it was very interesting and we opened up those boxes of sound and sound flooded the earth and
it was an amazing thing all this new sound that was uh you could hear the birds chirping and the
cats meowing and the dogs hoinking okay it was the wrong box but anyway we got that fixed up about a
year later and the dogs are barking and we were happy with this new sound you know we asked god
hey god why don't you think this sound will go away or not the sound that you hear is the same as that new sound

before he said well i just didn't think was that important and since that time a lot of thought has
been given to sound people have been binging it every which way you know coming up with a
newfangled thing called music and then people started you know getting into this music thing
devoting their life to it you know calling themselves musicians and then people would
follow these musicians you know to the point where they become fanatics but you know but
fanatic was too big of a word for them so they shortened it to fans so these musical fanatics
these music fans uh you know listen to music over and over and over and over again looking for new
sounds looking for new music and just basically wrapping up too much of their life in the music
until one day
you know
music stopped
and then the music started again because there were a bunch of people with nothing left to do
so they had to you know make something up and so you know they started banging on pots and pans and
uh using chainsaws on each other and until that started sounding pleasing to the ears
and formed its own kind of music
which is
um
uh
um

um
i'm not gonna explain to you because you don't care
plus i'm sure our listening audience if they even care about industrial they would have researched already well maybe they wouldn't
right right right right i need more beer researching music in laughs
the way they take rock musicians apart and go
interesting
um
um




Does long hair have something to do with music?
I think Vivisection might be the answer.
So when was it decided, then, you know, we would be a music thing?
I don't know.
You know, why was it decided that we would be a music thing?
I guess the force of our personalities is not enough, you see.
Well, your personality, yeah.
I can't justify myself on this tape.
We're not movers, we're not shakers.
Well, I can't justify my presence on this tape unless I play guitar.
I think you are Andy Warhol.
You should be Andy Warhol.
Andrew, certainly Andy Warhol.
I don't care what you say.
St. Andrew there.
He is Andy Warhol.
And Fred, who Jehovah hates.
I wish I could be Andy Warhol.
Might as well be Andy Warhol.
Though not quite as dead.
I wish I could be Andy Warhol.
And not just some guy named Fred.
I'd have weird white hair and be thin.
I wouldn't be out, I'd be in.
If I were Andy Warhol.
I'd be cool.
Kansas soup would be the rage.
I'd have girls of every size and age.
And some guys too, but I'm not really into that.
I'd call it art.
Hey, how about that?
I wish I could be Andy Warhol.
Though not quite as dead.
Andy Warhol.
And if I were Andy Warhol.
I sure as hell wouldn't be Fred.
If I had an idea what I was singing.
I'd have a plot.
Not like his movies and...
I'll stop.
That was kind of good.
I like that.
I think you and me just heard Fred do that off the top of his head.
Another instant hit. Another instant classic.
Instant fragment.
Yeah, no kidding.
See, I like my fragments of stuff.
I don't know.
I told you it was beer.
One of these days I will write a book of just beginnings.
Because I never finish anything really.
It's all just beginnings.
Because you don't want to end anything.
See, now he sounds drunk.
But before he didn't sound drunk.
He sounded like he was...
He was trance spouting.
For lack of a better word.
Well, we should go back to that at some...
Because I need to get on to the anti-Grammys material.
Which kind of relates to what Jehovah Hates Fred just did.
And what we're doing here.
You hear these little cassette tapes?
Did you ever think that maybe...
Reverend Stang had this big fancy stash?
In his computer studio and so forth.
This is done with Sony and Radio Shack cassette decks.
And cast-off equalizer and so forth.
It's down and dirty.
And in a way, that's a part of the point of the...
Once again, shall we say screw the Grammys?
I'm going to...
I'm about to go into some...
I'm going to have to...
Put so many cuss words in and then cut them out again.
By the way, did I say that...
That other improv song, 83D Squids...
Was Einstein's Secret Orchestra with Princess Wiardo.
It was her special song.
About the hideous, hideous artwork.
Thank you.
And I'm going to say something quick and fast.
Because you're going to get about ten words out before the cops come.
Friends, we're outside the Radio City Music Hall.
During the night of the Grammys.
Which happens to be Ash Wednesday.
There's a lot of uptight looking chicks walking around with smudges on their foreheads.
Sorry guys, can't stand.
Where can we stand?
Like that way?
This way.
Alright.
The Grammys are too important for people to be standing...
On the corner across the street.
As NYPD's finest have told us.
But...
Uh...
The Music Militia shall yet prevail!
Yes, the Music Militia, though there may be only two of them.
One imported from Colorado and the other two are us.
Yeah, and we're really not...
We got recruited in.
We were paid.
I just read the...
We were paid.
But still...
I just got done reading the manifesto so now I know what we believe.
That's right.
I have a polka dotted flag.
Well, we believe that...
We have pinks lined up in that huge crowd outside Radio City Music Hall.
And pinks of every description, by the way.
Every race of pink is represented.
Standing there waiting for the real masters.
The kings and queens.
For Hanson themselves.
For George Benson.
For maybe even Bruce Springsteen.
Yeah, maybe.
Maybe even Bob Dylan.
You know what?
There's a lot of freaking cops.
A lot of cops.
There's at least a ton.
There is a cop for every ten assholes.
Yeah.
And we're still waiting for our fearless leader standing where he was told not to stand.
Yes.
And as we...
Hopefully he will see that we are here.
There was supposed to be a sonic riot here.
Tim!

Five to ten thousand subversive...
Tim!
Five to ten thousand subversives were going to be here making noise.
But yet, as far as the public knows, those five to ten thousand people still are here.
Because Tim paid $600 to put it on the wire service.
So, therefore it did happen.
We recommended that anyone who was with us to wear a suit and tie.
And as I see quite a few people with a suit and tie.
Either a suit or a tie or a cop uniform representing...
Those are our people.
So, at least everyone here is on our side.
Is part of the Music Militia.
Yes, friends!
There was a sonic riot outside the Radio City Music Hall!
The Music Militia triumphed!
Vastly, there were...
And just like the press release said.
There were firecrackers.







five to ten thousand people there.
Actually, five to ten thousand people
that were standing around gate yards
waiting for celebrities to drive up.
However, the cops were real nice to us
and let us do our hateful protest
over in the horse corral that they use.
Well, friends, it's Dr. Music outside the Grammys
here on the streets of New York City.
The Lord Jesus Christ is unveiling the flag
of the Music Militia.
The Music Militia flag.
It looks like somebody sold polka dot underwear.
It looks a lot like Bob's boxer shorts.
And the Sonic Riot now consists of
the faithful bass trombone player.
Who I caught earlier.
Now we're about to have some real noise, actually.
Yeah.
The hideous little electrical Devo instrument
hasn't been started up yet.
It has potential.
When the Devo instrument starts up,
that's when the cops will end this little party.
Yes, friends, there are protesters
as far as I can see.
Five to ten thousand anti-musicians
covering 6th Avenue,
Avenue of the Americas here in New York.
It's amazing.
It's horrifying.
It's frightening.
And yet it's real.
I never thought it would be as big as this,
but it truly, truly shows that...
Oh, my man.
All right.
One crazy man with one crazy idea.
The bass throngs have increased by one.
Those pinks that run the Grammys
are going to be running in fear
from this gigantic show of anti-Grammy protesting faith.
Oh, the Lord has not yet started using his bullhorn.
Oh, he's handed it to Tim.
Tim Martin.
The leader.
The Che Guevara of the music militia.
And the Lord Jesus Christ is holding the anti-Grammy award,
which looks like a hook-em horns or evil eye.
Uh-oh.
We are about to liberate the music
from the corporate accountants here now.
The police have not moved yet.
Amazing.
The police are moving.
They're moving in right now.
And I'm moving out right now.
I am only a journalist.
Reverend Stang will step outside the line here.
The police have just moved in and are about to...
They are now ordering the noisemakers to stop.
Now we can say we did it.
Now we can say we showed up.
The music militia showed up, tried.
We were there.
The man...
The first annual.
Yeah, the first annual.
This is the beginning.
Only the very beginning.
Anti-Grammy.
And surely the Grammys will be on their knee,
or the evil conspiracy overlords
who run the music business and the music...
Police conversation.
They've been for...
Who's...
Who is Tim?
Where'd Tim go?
Is he up there having...
Man.
Well, once again, one could say that conspiracy has won.
But how is that any different from any other day?
We'd be kidding ourselves if we pretended otherwise.
But by God!
You can't...
Say we went down without trying.
We did what we could.
You can't beat City Hall.
And, well, we may not have defeated the conspiracy yet tonight,
but at least it's one more piton up that hideous mountainside.
Ugh.
And it's rough.
I am the proud owner of two teenage kids, believe it or not.
And I tried to...
When they were about, you know, 11 or 12,
they started getting into pop music.
You know, and at that time, I think it was New Kids on the Block.
And I think my son really was heavy.
He got into Metallica.
So I was going, you know, you guys, that stuff's great,
but, you know, actually, they only let you hear
a tiny, tiny fraction of all the music that's being done.
And the only thing that you will ever hear on the radio
has been approved by people you hate.
And my kids, as always, said,
to quote that movie, The Abyss,
hippie, you think everything is a conspiracy.
Well, if you remember that movie, The Abyss,
the character hippie turned out to be fucking right.
Everything was a conspiracy.
And I'm proud to say my kids are finally starting to catch on.
But it's true.
It is, God, it sounds crazy
when you start talking about conspiracies, you know.
And in some cases, it sort of is.
If you get...
If you get locked into one or two of the conspiracies,
you know, oh, I think I know who really killed JFK.
I know where they hid those crashed flying saucers.
I know which haircut is really cool this month.
Friends, all of those conspiracies are all real,
and they're all...
And the music business conspiracy, duh.
You know, the movie business, publishing.
I think there are two publishers left now in this country
that do everything.
But those conspiracies,
they're all worth fighting.
But friends, those are just a tiny drop in a huge ocean
of the real conspiracy,
which is the conspiracy of dumbasses.
The conspiracy of normal fucking garden variety humans
who really hate you
if they think you're not acting like one of them
in just the right way for their particular clique or job
or scene or whatever.
And yes, you know,
we can all sit around and feel superior
to half-assed, mediocre bands and so forth,
and we can laugh at them,
but we must remember,
as the great late comedian Bill Hicks said,
they are demons sent from hell to lower the standards.
And you can take any pop band or TV show that you hate,
and they will fit that bill.
Demons.
Demons sent from hell to lower the standards,
to quote Bill Hicks.
You know, but then,
but then you have to ask yourself,
is it Hanson's fault that they won a Grammy,
or got nominated for a Grammy?
I don't know who,
I don't really know or care who wins that kind of stuff.
I'm sure don't.
But is it their fault?
Those, you know, sweet teen sensations from Tulsa, Oklahoma.
If winning a Grammy means that you sold out,
does not winning a Grammy mean that you haven't sold out?
I don't think so.
In my case, I can personally testify
that I have been trying to sell out for 20 goddamn years,
and the conspiracy just ain't buying.
Yeah, you know, so, and because of all this, you know,
this is a complicated issue,
and that's why I'd like to call this first half of the sermon
that I've already finished, in praise of failure.
Because in a way, I mean, that's sort of what we're,
you know, we're here for.
We're proud of the fact that we're not part of the,
well, we wish we had the money, the equipment, the groupies,
but not have to deal with the contracts,
the record companies, and the guys in the suits.
And, you know, I don't know anything about the bands.
In fact, I've come to, I've decided that,
if I've even heard of the band that's nominated for the Emmys,
then they're screwing up.
And what is it?
It's like Bruce Springsteen, Bob Dylan, and stuff.
Sorry, but I've heard of them.
I remember those guys vaguely.
But you ever see, when I was a kid, I used to watch the Oscars.
And then something came along called the Emmys,
and there's the Grammys, and to tell the honest to God truth,
I barely know the difference between them.
I had to do a little homework for tonight.
Oh, the Grammys, that's the music, and, you know,
that's the music.
I had to do that one.
But even as a kid, when I was watching the Oscars,
it was obvious.
It goes without saying.
It's totally rigged.
It's completely corrupt.
It's not what you know or what talent you have.
It's who you know and how much blow your agent was able to line up for
and what kind of suit your agent was wearing
and what kind of haircut your agent was wearing
and what the record company suit boys were wearing that day
and whether they were in a good mood,
how many martinis they'd had.
Those are the things that really,
really dictate who gets big.
And what infuriates us all, of course,
is that, you know, you think, okay,
these fucking pink boys, these arrogant bastards,
making all that you're probably getting paid $100,000 a year
to sit on their butts and brag,
bullshit, act like they know what's going on.
They are the ones who are deciding what is, quote, best.
Those are deciding.
You know, actually, we know.
We all know that they don't agree on what's best,
artistically or anything.
They get together and agree what is going to sell the best.
You know, oh, this year it's going to be Hanson, Fiona Apple,
the Titanic, Stephen King again.
And, oh, no, let's not do Stephen King.
Let's do Dean Koontz.
You know, let's give them a choice.
So, but, you know, and the most absurd thing about all that is,
since when is there a best?
When you're talking about music,
especially, or art, which is something that is,
by definition, a matter of opinion.
I don't know about you, but, you know, every,
opinions are like assholes, as Bob said.
Everybody's got one and they all stink.
You know, some of us may be the kind that are into, you know,
our idea of great, you know, really kick-ass music might be,
Captain Beefheart or Wesley Willis.
Oh, I knew there was some, I knew somebody here knew
about Wesley Willis.

Oh, I knew there was some.

And, oh, Daniel Johnston.
Let's see, who else can I think of?
Of course, poor Frank Zappa is the one exception to that rule.
But, you know, or, it is just, I happen to like the weird,
you know, arty farty crazy shit.
Actually, I'm a big Hendrix nut.
I got so burned out on Hendrix that I had
to switch to Mahogany Rush.
Anyway, but, you know, when it comes down to it,
it's just a matter of opinion.
The fact that, you know, I'm a big fan of, you know,

the fact that I might have a huge collection
of Captain Beefheart live bootlegs
and somebody else might collect Hanson records
that they bought at Blockbusters doesn't make me any better
than them at all.
In fact, that's why the second part
of my sermon is titled All Music is Stupid.
That kind of puts everything on a more even keel,
don't you think?
Don't you think that kind of puts things back in perspective?
You know, since when does music have
to be smart?
Since when does it have to be, quote, good or unquote,
you know, does it have to be even sold?
You know, whatever you like.
And yet, and yet, teenagers, God, oh, God.
It hurts the most because I was one myself.
I talked to teenagers and even older,
even people my own age who judge each other
by their taste in music.
Have you ever sat and watched a couple of kids talking
about how stupid that other kid was because they were
into the Ramones instead of Pink Floyd?
You may not remember those bands, but, you know,
you can probably transpose it to something modern day.
You know, but, and what I keep wanting to grab these kids
and shake them and going, do you realize,
think how many bands were cool until they won a Grammy?
And then suddenly they weren't cool anymore.
And, you know, the same, it happens
to everybody and for the point of that is reverse discrimination
against normal or popular is just as stupid as liking things only
because they're obscure and cool.
You know, just because you're the only guy who has ever heard
of a band, yep, that means that band is really cool.
But when the high school, when the, when the captain
of the football team at your high school is into that band too,
can they really be any good?
Sure. Hell yeah.
Well, then, then you got the, well,
you got the problem of, well, think of all those record company guys
that were going, yeah, Nirvana, it's the latest happening thing.
Well, let's Pearl Jam, they're just as good.
Let's make them the next happening thing.
You know, it's sort of almost the same.
So, I don't know, friends.
What is the solution?
The solution, they're, they're, they're, they're,
do like the music militia.
That's the only solution.
Form your own music awards ceremony.
Give the awards to yourselves and your,
your buddies.
Keep making music.
That's the main point.
Keep making music.
However the f*** you want.
And f*** the Grammys.
But, but you must not stop there.
You can't, that is just what they want you to do
is stop at f***ing the Grammys.
Don't be like those stupid teenagers.
The music conspiracy, friends,
is only another distraction.
Sure, the music industry is screwed up.
The movie industry.
Publishing is screwed up.
But, friends, the air is screwed up.
The water is screwed up.
Often the people are screwed up.
All human society is screwed up.
And that's why we say, dear friends,
legalize the pornography and ban work.
Ban work!
Erase the whole damn thing!

The damn system!
That's, there's your solution, friends.
And, uh, now that's said,
now we get back to the award ceremonies and the music.
Freedom for music!
Who's this guy?
Free doctor music here.
Only five dollars for free doctor music.
The polka-dotted boxer short-like free music flag is flying high.
As the evil overlords, the stormtroopers of the empire,
send the rebel forces scampering away under threat of arrest,
which could happen any second.
Uh, it's starting to get gnarly.
It's starting to get good.
The battle show raves on.
The Sonic riot has begun!
Sonic riot! Sonic riot!
Oh!
I need to find a bathroom.
It's too bad that this isn't a stereo recording,
because this would be a pretty classic Wotan moment.
Uh, you would hear, as I move down the line,
you would hear the music, the various tiny instruments.
Uh, it shifted. Oh, a little kazoo.
Here we go.
Tiny children's instruments.
And, of course, the bass trombone.
And, of course, the bass trombone.
And, of course, the bass trombone.
The bass trombone, which doesn't even need amplification.
How can they be missing this act inside the Grammys?
It's just unbelievable to me that they're gathering there
to listen to such washed-up old farts as Elton John,
Eric Clapton, Mick Jagger, and so forth,
when these guys are out here jamming for free for the people, man!
Yeah!
It's Berkeley, man!
It's the Sonic riot!
It's the Sonic riot!
Christ, Bob!
It's the Sonic riot!
It's the Sonic riot!
It's the Sonic riot!
The Lord Jesus has, um, just donned his gas mask.
I hope it's a working gas mask.
We assume that the Sonic riot will prompt the Empire
to bring out all its evil stormtroopers, Nazis and monsters.
The Lord is displaying the evil-eye-shaped anti-Grammy award.
If you can hear my voice over this ungodly,
ungodly din,
I'm surprised you're even bothering to listen this long.
But we love you anyway, dear friends.
Now, the Oscars...
You know that some of those old gals that won Oscars
used them.
They didn't just put them on their mantle.
And I know that there's probably...
I don't know if any recipients of this award can really use them the same way, but...
By God, I'm gonna try!
And I'm sure...
Well, this one's not mine.
This one is the Lifetime Achievement Award, dear friends.
The achievement of a lifetime.
Unfortunately, the recipient of this has not lived a very long lifetime yet,
but that's great!
You know, he could get killed tomorrow.
Um...
I am speaking, of course, of John S. Hall and, uh,
King... King Missile!
Praise King Missile!
John Hall and the whole crew.
Actually, there's a whole...
Um, we are honored to have John and several special guests here tonight,
what you might call King Missile 3.
Hey.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
art nobody else has seen I cannot help it because I am so much more intelligent
and well-rounded than everybody in the whole fucking universe I stopped
watching television when I was six months old so boring and lame and stupid
and started reading books and going to recitals and art galleries I don't go to
recitals anymore because my hearing is too sensitive and I don't go to art
galleries anymore because there are people there and I cannot deal with
people because they don't understand me I stay home reading books that insult
my intelligence and working on my work which no one understands I am sensitive
I am sensitive I am sensitive I am a sensitive artist I am a sensitive artist
I am a sensitive artist I am a sensitive artist to this I am a sensitive

I'm a sensitive artist, a sensitive artist, sensitive artist.
I am a sensitive artist.
Sensitive.
I never know what it is.
It's John Rutherford.
Beautiful piece.
I think this is the last of the epic length pieces tonight.
I'm letting you know.
This is called Ed.
It was on the Happy Hour record.
It makes reference to Sterno, who was another subgenius guy.
He let the second King Missus stay at his house once, which was very nice.
And on the way from his house, I wrote this piece called Ed,
and that's why he's in it, just because I happen to write it the next day.
Okay.
Ed was at the end of his rope, an expression he detested.
There is no rope, he would scream at the laughing walls.
There is only the end.
No hope, no rope.
Ending is better than mending.
Doors of perception, windows of opportunity.
These are illusions, like the killing floor.
Ed spoke in a squeaky, whiny voice, with perhaps a slight tinge of glee.
But this was only because he couldn't be bothered to try to develop a manner of thinking
that truly reflected his mood.
This is a vacuum, he said.
There is no air.
There is no air anywhere.
Despair has lost its meaning.
Nihilism knocked three times on the ceiling, but the rosy fingers of dawn
always inserted themselves into the asshole of unfulfilled promises.
Angels sang, hey, Zanna, ho, Zanna.
Paralyzed prima donnas danced in the street all day.
But when the darkness came, everybody went home.
I was ready, everybody else was asleep.
And while it may have been a relief to see that I was right all along,
here I am still, alone and trapped, awaiting the endless end.
And I can turn it all around and laugh at it and laugh at myself.
I can laugh louder than the walls, the halls, the waterfalls, louder than Charles de Gaulle or Fulton Mall.
But I don't know what I'm laughing at.
I don't know what I think is so goddamn funny.
I don't know why I don't just shut up and give up and lay down and die.
What do I have to complain about anyway?
Ed asked his Picasso.
I'm a millionaire.
This wasn't actually true.
Ed's Picasso was an obvious forgery.
His three Rothkos had just been singled out in an article.
An art forum entitled,
The Three Most Insignificant Paintings of Mark Rothko.
And his Barbara Kruegers had been irreparably damaged by rain sanction.
And a few other bands from Florida that refused to acknowledge the value of art.
Come to think of it, Ed mused to the laminated roadkill coffee table that he had purchased
when times had seemed slightly less bleak.
Come to think of it, not only does art have no intrinsic value,
but my collection has no extrinsic value either.
I know I'm not a millionaire, but that's no reason to complain.
There is no reason to complain or do anything.
I don't believe in reason or objective reality or collective farming.
I don't believe in public speaking, which is another reason why I am here alone.
I would kill myself, but I don't believe in suicide.
Ed put on a red shirt and took a quick walk around the block while whistling softly to himself.
He reentered his apartment screaming,
There is no life on this planet.
Jehovah One replaced all life with machinery five centuries ago.
The so-called industrial revolution was just another hoax.
And we all fell for it, because we were all programmed to.
Even I fell for it.
I believe in the steam engine, even though I don't believe in anything.
Logical inconsistency is the Mr. Bubble I bathe in each and every evening,
except for yesterday evening when I rollerbladed over to the Masonic Temple
to play Pinochle with Pope John Paul I.
I really had no choice in the matter.
Ed certainly could go on and on, and he did and he would and he will,
until you or I or somebody does something about it.
Senator Sterno of Louisiana announced over closed circuit television,
and as long as he continues to pontificate pointlessly, I will do nothing.
Ed walked away from the program feeling fortified and stapled.
His brain was buzzing the way it always did just after Jeopardy.
He loaded up the microbus with atlases and Poseidons,
and headed for Pope County.
I've had it, he sang.
I've had it with puns, alliteration, Russian literature, Italian neorealism,
meaningless cross-references, and laundry lists of nonsense.
I shall drive without a license, without clothing, without direction,
and if I make it to Arkansas, fine.
And if I'm running late, if I'm running a numbers game, it doesn't matter.
I'll keep on running.
Yes, this is the answer.
This is the ending.
I shall keep on running, because a body in motion tends to stay emotional,
and it is better to feel.
Pain is better than emptiness.
Emptiness is better than nothing.
And nothing is better than this.
I'll keep on running.
I'll keep on running.
I'll keep on running.
I'll keep on running.
Tell your mother and your father, I want to go to school.
I'll keep on running.
I'll keep on running.
I'll keep on running.
Welcome to the Transportation Mall.
Please remain in single file as you make your way to the boarding area.
For the benefit of your fellow travelers, please have your subpoenaed...
Damn! I thought X Day was going to be up at Brushwood like we planned.
This sure doesn't look like a pagan nudist colony in western New York State.
Oh no, and I'm in my underwear!
Oh great, maybe no one will notice.
Uh oh!
Oh man!
Oh good, here's my billfold tucked safely in the crack of my ass.
Ah yes, and both of my subgenius membership cards.
Oh wow, look at the old 1981 issue card.
It didn't even have a picture of Bob on it back then.
Well, it sure is all floppy after seven years.
I mean, it's been 17 years of punishment.
It was probably a good idea to snag another one when I re-upped back in 92.
Boy, on a day like today, a girl can't be too safe.
Ah, all your papers are an apple pie order, Dr. Howell.
Thank you, and have a pleasant flight.
Next please.
Reverend Susie the Floozy, ask your cervix lady, let me at that escape vessel.
Boy, I can't wait to get strapped in.
Oh, how quaint.
Just let me check your file.
Hmm.
Hey, what's that flashing red light on the screen mean?
May I see your subgenius membership card, please?
Oh, here you go.
Hey!
Oh, that's all right, lady. I got a backup card.
Hey! You meant to do that!
Look you!
I'm very sorry, miss.
But it appears that you've been...
...rejected for boarding.
Rejected? Why?
I've been faithfully serving the church every other Saturday night for almost five years!
Oh, your little radio show.
Yes, according to your file, you dropped the ball on that job a long time ago.
That's a lie!
Look, miss, the church data bank doesn't lie, except for the accounting department.
Take a look at your job performance graph here.
You started out like a ball of subgenius fire, and then beginning right about here, we can trace a steady downward pattern.
Oops, the last of it is so low, the screen won't scroll down far enough.
Please return the person in front of the table.
Oh, you haven't started drinking again, have you?
No!
Just trying to account for it somehow.
I mean, look here.
With 1998 ticking away, did you spend your valuable radio ministry time sending out the call for subgenius membership?
Were you a jubilating Valkyrie on the battlements for Bob, rallying the forces of mutancy and girding your loins for the Armageddon to come?
Were you out there on the front lines, up to the gunwales and the entrails of pinks, sailing on a sea of their blood?
No.
Right. No.
In 1997, you wasted your time doing shows about prison and bad rock and roll and even food!
There was scarcely a mention of Bob the whole damn year!
And with X-Day zooming up on us all, you started out the last half year of subgenius life on Earth with...
...an Elvis show.
Ow!
And then, the next show, you spent an hour gushing over your sleazy punk little brother on the air and playing lousy cover songs.
Oh, and after that, it gets even worse.
The next show, you...
No! No! Stop!
Oh, I'm sorry, but with that spotty a record, I'm sure you understand our position.
Thank you for making X-Earth Airways your first choice for planetary escape, and good luck in the ensuing holocaust.
Next, please.
Out of my way, fat ass! I want a window seat next to Jesus!
Certainly, Miss Ramsey. Here's your boarding pass.
Please have a pleasant flight, and thank you for choosing X-Earth Airways.
Wait a minute! That was JonBenet Ramsey! She wasn't even a subgenius!
Look, this is your own doing. Using the formidable resources of WREK Atlanta, you did more to aggrandize her mystique than you did for Bob!
Yes, JonBenet's appeal to our cult is undeniable.
X-Earth Airways is...
I'm afraid that your appeal, my dear, is highly deemed.
What? How the bleeding hell did I get Oswalded by this whole stinkin' church?
I'll have you know that the Reverend Ivan Stang is a personal friend of mine!
Ha! You think putting in a few years as one of Stang's giggling, vacuous little subgenius interns earned you any brownie points?
Yeah, you earned your standard subgenius knee pads, and that's all.
Oh, you mean I was expected to do that? Gee, what a surprise.
Well, it's not like you're the only one missing out. Look, we're not letting Carla Faye Tucker on board.
But she's an executed, born-again Christian pickaxe murderer!
So you see our point. If you had taken your ministry seriously, I wouldn't be blowing you off right now, Toots.
Thank you for choosing X-Earth Airways. And kindly get your fat ass out of the way so that some real subgeniuses can board, alright?
Aaaaaah!
Text on screen
Yeah, looks.
That is, of course, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Oh, Susie.
Once again, that's Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
And Box 140306, 75214.
Box 140306, 75214.
Well, I think about the times when we were young, just singing and playing and having fun on a sunny afternoon in the summertime.
These things to me were oh so fine, but away.
But away.
But away.
But away.
Oh.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.

Whoa.
Whoa.

Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
