This is KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
Dear friends, please stay tuned for the subgenius radio ministry hour of Slack.
Tonight, starring Dr. Timothy Leary.
Thank y'all.
However, in order for you to feel, you'll need more than just knowledge.
We're going to add real experiences to your database.
We want more! We want more! We want more!
You'll be alright!
No, no, no.
Ladies and gentlemen, please leave your sub-suggested.
We're having operating difficulties, which has necessitated a delay in the beginning of our Sunday movie.
It's a wonderful life. It's a wonderful life.
It's a wonderful life. It's a wonderful life.
Hello, this is Timothy Leary, reminding you that just as you need Slack,
KNON needs your help.
Send in those pledges and praise Bob.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think.
Bob?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Wake up, puppet boy!
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Self Genius Hour of Slack!
What?
What you don't understand is that it's better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
You have it backwards.
It's better to live on your feet than to die on your knees.
Enjoy life like Bob.
Get the hands, Satan.
Please listen.
I only want to help you.
I've chosen you.
Hi, Bob!
Right, Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
But there's three things I know to be true.
And that's death, taxes, and Bob.
Praise Bajus.
We're sending those little kids home.
Oh, yes.
And we're sending them home.





It's a solid Timothy Leary hour tonight, believe it or not.
I think Guy was just too good.
I don't know what else...
So geniuses, we can get away with this sloppiness that would look awkward and unseemly in others
because we made it plain from the start that we were declaring ourselves gods and fallible,
but infallibly fallible.
So that any mistakes we might make were a part and parcel of the entire presentation,
one might say.
We may continue with an absolute lack of guilt, an absolute feeling that we have been chosen
by God because we...
said so.
And at this point, what else do you need?
I don't know.
Was there at any time an intimation that were there to be severe problems, physical,
mental, spiritual, whatever, financial, that if those problems were to exist that the Church
of the Sub-Genealogy would be...
That the Church of the Sub-Genius would be in any way responsible?
No, no, not at all.
No, as a matter of fact.
I believe you've signed your name to a document that states just that.
You did sign the application.
You're entirely responsible for yourself, and we granted you that privilege of being
solely responsible.
Aren't you thankful?
You yourself are the owner, the caretaker of your membership in the Church of the Sub-Genius.
You did...
And what you do with it.



You do what you do with it.
Is up to you.
It's your...
You can flush it away, or you can...
Freedom.
We have granted...
Cherish it.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Barely made that light in a legal manner.
Just barely.
But I think it was legal if an officer would stop me now and say, Son, where the hell do
you think you're going?
I'd say, Sir, Sir, Ma'am, to be completely equal about this.
Officer, I'm sorry.



I'm sorry, sir.
I'm on my way to do a speaking engagement.
Yes, I've got to introduce this scientist, an old, old, old scientist guy.
His name's Timothy Leary.
I've just got to do an introduction.
I don't know why they wanted a humorist to come out and do this thing, but...
And that wouldn't sound good to a cop, I know.
So, therefore, I probably ought to be careful.
Yeah, yeah, I know about those shows.
Them shows, man.
I know about them damn shows.
Those shows.
Well, we've got another show.
Everything, of course, to the rubes, the fools, the cattle.
That's all they understand.
The impotent weaklings, the puny earth babies.
We might as well call them babies.
Might as well.
That's all they are really.
Infants, it's not their fault.
It's not that I hate them.

I hate them personally.
It's merely that their annihilation is the most logical and reasonable thing to do.
For a person in my situation, a god, in other words.
No, English.
But, uh...
Give me a break, man.
Have you heard the word Bob? Give me slack.
And then they either kill you or arrest you or they give you $20.
So far I've been lucky.
Yes, lucky indeed, dear friends.
It's been a...
Oh, a fun weekend! A really fun weekend.
And so fun that as a result, for anyone, any new listeners we've got tuning into the hour slack,
I'm sorry, this is just not going to be a typical one.
Probably last show we had 100,000 cuts per hour, like any decent Russ Meyer movie, for instance.
But this time,
uh,
Leary's show blew me away, friends,
and I'm just going to play as much of it as I possibly can,
although we do have with us in the studio tonight
some mighty mutants who were instrumental in bringing to town,
in capturing and bringing to town that eighth circuit of the world, you might say.
Dr. Timothy Leary.
We got, pointing the video camera at me,
the Dealey Llama
crawled up once again from...
from deep within his...
his, uh, catacombs underneath Dealey Plaza.
And, uh, Dr. John Cottrell.
Uh, y'all can speak up, but you have to really speak up or grab the mic.
And, uh, Dr. Ralph Maldonado, if that really is your name.
Name right out of some Robert Anton Wilson book, I would think.
Well, friends, anyway, uh, stand by.
You're going to have to sit through my introduction to Dr. Leary.
Just, uh...
Well, because it's my show!
And, uh, why not?
Uh, for, uh...
Okay.
Uh...
Oh, and we also have with us the young Llama.
We have a child in the studio, so good to see a kiddo here.
There we go, yes.
Reverend.
Just like mine.
Reverend Llama.
Reverend Llama.
Yes, we're all Amish tonight.
Praise Bob.
Ooh.
I, uh...
I don't know about you, but it's...
Uh, I'm really glad to have this break from normal reality.
I needed one this week.
Uh, now some of you might think that my normal reality was, uh, an unattainable dream.
And others would think that what's normal reality for me would be an unthinkable nightmare.
But, uh, that just goes to show it's, um, more relative than Einstein ever thought.
And that's why we're here.
Essentially.
Uh, uh, as far as a straight introduction part, I guess you could say Dr. Timothy Leary
is a, uh, a startling example of, uh, adaptation in the human species.
Um, in that he has successfully had to adapt to several lifetimes worth of adventures,
all crammed into one.
From, uh, psychologist to, uh, infamous defender of, uh, pharmaceutical explorations on the,
what was essentially the front lines of a mutation war.
Uh, to, uh, computer software designer as he, uh, currently doing software or, or headware,
um, as, as he calls it, electronic books.
And, uh, all along it's been psychological self-analysis tools, basically.
But fun ones.
That's the important part.
He's been, uh, making it fun and observing as a scientist the whole time.
Now, you may ask, and you should ask yourselves, why is a representative from a hideous shanker
on society, like the Church of the Subgenius, introducing a noble social scientist and,
uh, dauntless, uh, psychological explorer like, uh, Dr. Tim Leary?
Uh, it's, uh, it's sort of like the crazy street preacher encountering the, uh, uh,
professor of theology.
Uh, you know, but there's common ground, dear friends, much in common, uh, such as, for instance,
the garbage pail kids.
But that's gonna take a lot of explanation.
I don't think too many of you want to hear that tonight.
Uh, tune into the Hour of Slack 90.9 FM on KNON 9 o'clock Sundays to get the full explanation.
The, uh, what we really have in common is that both Dr. Leary and the Church of the Subgenius, uh,

are speaking to the mutants.
And, um, by definition, uh, mutants are all different.
So, what else do we need in common?
Uh, that right there is, uh, quite a lot, in a way, if you think about it.
Personally, I believe that everybody is a mutant, uh, but, uh, they, they, we specifically in the Church of the Subgenius
is trying to help out the obnoxious weirdo type of mutants, just in case there might be among them, uh, a, a,
the next Leonardo, the next Einstein, or, uh, I don't know, we may have to be satisfied with the next, uh, wild man Fisher.
I'd be satisfied with the next Jane or Hyperclete, dear friends.
But, uh, at any rate, Tim Leary, I'm, I don't want to draw this out too long.
Uh, Dr. Leary has provided enough food for thought to make any brain overheat,
not to mention the ordinary world itself being enough to make your brain overheat.
And, uh, you know, thinking about the world can drive anybody crazy.
Uh, and that's why the Church of the Subgenius is here.
That's why he's here, partly.
Uh, without some sort of a mental coolant, you can suffer meltdown.
Uh, hence the garbage pail kids, let's say.
Uh, or the Church of the Subgenius.
Bob Dobbs is the fuse that, uh, blows before your brain does, you might say.
Is, uh, and those things are important.
Because we're talking about the future.
We're talking about intelligence expansion and so forth.
And intelligence expansion has its own drawbacks.
It can also make you more vulnerable, for instance, to knowing how your brain may be being wasted by some crappy job you're forced to work.
Uh, and so there are, you know, various things you have to deal with along with this, this kind of thing.
What we're trying to do, essentially, is to keep the potential Tim Leary's of the future from becoming the Charlie Manson's of the future.
Not the future.
Specifically, to keep my son, Alex, from becoming the Alex in, uh, Clockwork Orange.
Uh, although, I always thought it was kind of cool.
Anyway, Tim Leary has a streak of contrariness that, uh, has still, to this day, keeps surprising people.
Uh, the last two interviews I read with him, for instance, were not in Rolling Stone or some New Age magazine.
They were in, uh, a girl's magazine.
A damn stroke book called High Society.
And an art magazine from Florida.
And they were great.
But it shows that he is not, is not, uh, trying to preach to the saved.
That's not, uh, his, his main thing.
And that is, uh, very honorable, I, I consider.
Uh, and in these articles, another thing that surprised me personally was that he wasn't bad-mouthing yuppies.
As most people would.
As I probably would in the same interview.
He was, in fact, defending the yuppie generation.
And putting it into, uh, the materialism that you tend to see more today than ten years ago.
Into a sort of, a perspective that was actually, uh, opti, very optimistic.
And I thought, you know, if we're in the world that this guy's coming from, that's really bucking the trend.
Uh, defending yuppies.
So, uh, that, that the love of surprises, friends.
Is something that we do have in common.
And the issue is, indeed, intelligence.
And, and how it's defined.
We want to make sure that it is less and less rigidly defined.
Uh, it has to be defined towards what is fun.
And that's pretty loose definition.
It depends on the individual.
What good are brains if they're, no, if it's not fun to use them?
In other words.
And that's, uh, his job and ours is, I guess, to keep the, uh, rigidity out of the conception of intelligence.
Uh, the sick, sick humor, dear friends.
As, and, uh, science.
Uh, hand in hand.
At least every now and then.
There's the OM chanting universe.
And the HUH chanting universe.
But friends, in between the HUHs, you've got to take a breath.
And so, obviously, there's room for both.
Um, we have differences in presentation.
Uh, because we're, our, the, the kids.
We've got to think about the kids.
They're facing strange contrasts.
Sort of a combination of, um, the ultimate horror of the atomic bomb.
Or, or, no, what atomic?
That was the old phrase.
The bomb hanging over their heads.
But at the same time, they're also facing possibilities that are boundless compared to what previous generations faced.
But, uh, being able to adapt to changing things isn't enough.
They have to be motivated to adapt.
They, it has to be fun to adapt.
And, uh, some of us, uh, have to provide, uh, uh, sick humor.
Some, like Dr. Leary, provide, uh, concepts that can keep people going.
And, uh, it's, they're affordable substitutes for a shrink, essentially, is, is what we're talking about.
That, uh, that you can carry in your head.
You don't have to actually go visit the shrink.
You just carry the concept and let it percolate.
And see what comes out.
And hopefully it's not the next Charlie Manson.
Uh, it's like the Jetsons meet the Flintstones every day, uh, here in Dallas, Texas.
And, and subgenius is what you might call where Tim Leary meets Night of the Living Dead.
And everybody parties!
That's the important thing.
Everybody parties.
So, but more than that, what we have in common, when I was reading the book Flashbacks,
and that, uh, made Dr. Leary a little bit more interesting.

I think that he was talking about, uh, Dr. Leary, a real person.
And that he was talking about the reactions of family and friends and kids and so forth
to the wild stuff that was happening to him, uh, you know, all these years.
And, which makes the person sort of real to me as, as somebody who just sort of fell into a, into a position in history
but took the ball and ran with it.
Uh, actually did it with a certain amount of responsibility.
Which, uh, I don't know.
Which shows in the fact that he's, he has constantly, I think, like a lot of parents do,
uh, it's kind of almost painful to recognize how important it is to set an example, to be a role model.
And he is an excellent example of survival for the upcoming little punks and scallywags of tomorrow.
Riding as he has the surfboard of pop mythology, uh, very deliberately and skillfully, consciously,
a hanging pin, dear friends, on the great curl of hipness legendry.
I don't know, but what's an alibi for late?
Come and join me.
It's got to be funky.
This Sunday at midnight on Memory Lane, it's the godfather of soul, James Brown.
Yeah!
James Brown!
Let's give him some hope.
Let's give him some hope.
And that's what it's about.
So, I also read in flashbacks that when his, uh, when he started to get all this media attention in the 60s,
he went to Marshall McLuhan and said, how do I deal with this?
And McLuhan basically said, smile a lot.
Whenever the TV guys are around, smile a lot.
And I've noticed Dr. Leary does that.
J.R. Bob Dobbs smiles a lot.
And, uh, that is a lot in common, really.
That's all we need to ask for, I guess.
As the, uh, Learian slogan of make your own reality is not any different, really, from Bob Dobbs' slogan of pull the wool over your own eyes and relax in the safety of your own delusions.
And, uh, friends, everything you know is true.
Too much is always better than not enough.
And, uh, thanks to the Athenor Group and Bob Martin for bringing in Dr. Timothy Leary.
Whoo!
Hey, Bob!
What are you gonna do?
So I realize that it's gonna get worse.
Millennium Madness, the next wave's gonna get worse.
So, who's gonna keep the boat from rocking too much?
Those of us that went through the 60s and 70s had a lot of experience in this, you know, uh, Millennium Madness.
You know, anything wilder than Ken Kesey's acid trips.
So, in a funny way, it turns out, and I'm coming before you tonight to remind you that it's gonna turn out that we are the practical ones.
We are, are.
Yeah, we gotta pay the rent, balance the budget, and, uh, we won't, uh, we won't, uh, declare war until Tuesday or Wednesday.
We'll take it over, yeah.
A little Thor-sy might help.
So, uh, be advised, you're gonna see a lot more of this, uh, uh, Looney Tunes stuff.
And, uh, the way to do it, of course, is, uh, the way you handle someone that's freaking out.
You know, give a nice sense of humor.
And just, you know, keep calm.
And, uh, I think you're all gonna remember, uh, this night as we move into the next 12 years.
Now, another thing that's happening, a way of, uh, ending the Millennium, uh, there's been a lot of chronology in the last few months about the Summer of Love.
Have you heard about it?
You know, there's a, there's 20 years ago.
This year, today, that Sagan and Pepper talked about the land of play and all that.
There's been a big media hype about Summer of Love.
And, uh, I've had this experience.
I have had reunions sometimes in lectures, sometimes debates with many of the people from the, uh, 60s.
And it's interesting to see how they're doing.
Uh, if you have any questions later, I'll be glad to answer to my ability, uh, questions about people in the 60s.
Uh, I've come to, uh...
Be sure to, uh...
Be very fond of, uh, Abby Hoffman.
Uh, no question he's crazy.
That's all right. No one's perfect.
Uh...
But he is, without any question, the, the super champ of rap.
Abby.
He's written a book called, uh, Steal This Urine Test.
Uh, any man?
And, uh, Abby, uh, feels that, uh, urine testing for drugs is like the loyalty oaths of the, uh, 50s.
And, uh, he feels...
He's, uh...
Abby comes to the board with these groups and he, uh...
He's a nonstop talker.
And, uh, he's got bandoliers of one-liners and cartons of facts and figures.
And he's an inundation.
And he's always right.
It's not fun.
Sometimes I have to actually come and say,
Okay, Abby, come on.
Don't sit down for a while.
But, uh...
I don't want to tell you how many helicopters the Honduras government has
and how many gallons of urine specimens the DEA has, uh, misplaced.
And, uh, you know, don't drop your zipper for the Gipper and Ron.
Uh, so my most interesting and educational debates, uh, this year have been with a man named Peter Bensinger,
who for five years was the head of the DEA.
Now, when they call me and say,
Timothy, would you like to debate, uh, this guy's the head of the Dred Terug enforcement agency?
Well...
Would David like to?
Well, I'll tell you, debate Goliath.
Bring him on.
It was very educational to me because, uh, we all live in, you know,
we don't really spend much time with people that have very different points of view.
And I watched this man come before a college audience, let's say,
700, uh, horny college students on a Friday night.
And he started talking about cocaine kills and marijuana kills and assassinations and abuse and, uh,
and then...
Boys and girls, you don't realize it.
The marijuana you're smoking today is ten times stronger than the marijuana you smoke in the...
Well, what do they do?
They cheer.
They cheer.
You can't believe it.
Eight years the head of the, uh, Illinois prison system and then for five years head of the DEA.
He had 17,000 agents and, uh, 139 stations in 72 countries, all saluting and stuff like that.
And no one had ever raised the possibility that there might be some reason why 70 million Americans smoke marijuana or take, uh, recreational drugs.
They never occurred to me that it's evil, it's wrong, it's against the law.
Case dismissed.
So, uh, that made it easy to debate.
You would say, well, cocaine.
You take cocaine.
Your heart starts to beat very fast.
You perspire.
You feel warm.
Undoubtedly, you feel wonderful.
But, uh, in a few minutes it's all over.
You can go to bed and see, have you ever had an orgasm?
I mean, they ended up dead.
This thing about death, death, death, kills, death, cocaine, a big lie, a retrodoxin, death, kill, death.
Uh, no, I think he's in the room.
Gee, I hate to introduce some facts here that would blow your low, Peter, but, uh,
but the facts are, you know, that, uh, if you're really sincerely worried about the health and welfare of the American people and eliminating causes of death, I tell you, uh, marijuana and cocaine are way down at the bottom of the thing.
We can start with nuclear weapons.
We can start with pollution of the air and water.
We can go down to, uh, AIDS, for example.
Uh, I don't know.
Uh, poor medical care, on and on and on.
But if you really want to have a scoreboard about, like, things people do like drugs that are killers, let's, let's, let's, uh, play the record.
Cocaine, they say, kills between five or seven hundred people a year from overdose.
That's terrible.
We could cut that down to a hundred.
No, we live in a, in a country of 250 million people.
There are going to be a hundred self-destructive nitwits that are going to overdose on mayonnaise or ketchup.
But basically, that, that, that, that's a terrible, all the cocaine deaths, so-called, are people that died with bullets because there were shootouts.
Still counts as a cocaine death even there.
So, we're going to do something about that.
One thing you do about cocaine is, uh, educate people honestly about cocaine.
The first thing you tell people about cocaine is, uh, you're going to tell them about cocaine.
The second thing you tell people about cocaine is that, uh, there are two forms of cocaine.
Just like there's beer and wine, or the natural fermented, uh, liquors that have, which have been around for, what, 50,000 years?
Beer, wine, grapes, you know?
And then there's hard liquor, made in factories and juiced up and powerful and only in the industrial age have we had hard liquor.
And, uh, there's a great difference between them.
Same thing as with cocaine, uh, if you, if you shoot cocaine with a needle or if you, uh, you shoot cocaine with a needle,
or you smoke it with one of those big, uh, you know, lighters that they have like a blow torch.
It's all very technological.
Yeah.
That's like chugging a fifth of tequila.
No question you're going to feel pretty, uh, wild for a few minutes.
No question of that.
But, uh, then you go right down and then you want more and that's bad on the, uh, very unhealthy for the body, for the mind, and for the purse.
So, uh...
And, uh, just to tell people, that's that.
If you shoot or smoke cocaine, it's like chug a lugging a fifth of whiskey.
Now, tuning cocaine is different, uh, uh, if you're tooting some cocaine, you're not going to flush another.
For about two, three hours, you're going to feel the top of the world.
You're going to be the smartest, uh, young woman or man in the place.
Uh, if you have any problems with self-confidence, uh, ha, ha, ha.
That's gone for the moment.
There's a scientific term.
I want to be scientific here.
Psychopharmacologist.
The scientific term for, uh, people who have toot cocaine, uh, would be, uh, loudmouth asshole.
If you're talking about being a loudmouth asshole, at least you're awake or you're alive in the morning.
And there's nothing in the Constitution, uh, in spite of Jed Bork, uh, that prevents people from, uh, being a loudmouth, obnoxious asshole.
Otherwise, we'd have no problem.
We'd have no politicians or barroom drunks or born-again Christians.
So, uh,
Now, then you come to, uh, if you're concerned about, uh, deaths of American people, how about handguns?
Ten thousand people die a year from handguns.
And think about handguns, they use it.
The th- the guys that are going around with the handgun, pow, pow, pow.
They're not putting the powder up their noses.
Mm-hmm.
They're shooting their wives, their lovers, their friends, and people from the street.
In L.A., they're shooting them on the freeway, pow, pow.
So, uh, the ten thousand there, in a sense, is worse than the, the few hundred cocaine deaths because that's, you know, a lot of innocent victims and not just self-destruction.
How about drunken driving?
Fifty thousand people a year, drunken driving.
And, you know, every drunken driver knows the ru- first rule of the road.
Get a big American car.
Well, it's the poor person in the Volvo or the vegetarian VW that gets balked around by the-
Uh, nicotine.
The three hundred thousand people a year die from effects of nicotine.
And, of course, the government sponsors that with the, uh, the subsidy.
Southern Senator Jesse Helms, you know, has to have his, uh,
So, um, okay, that's the death situation.
Now, I have a nagging feeling I forgot something.
I gotta tell you right up front that, uh, uh, my brain's been, you know, banged around a lot.
You can't fly out to as velocity as I have.
You know, you get a little fender dented out here and there.
Probably a few million neurons here and there.
Uh, so, there are three, you know, classic side effects of taking a lot of sex.
Psychedelic drugs that spend a lot of time exploring your brain.
Zooming around through your, uh, left brain to right brain, cerebral wiring and all that.
And, uh, the three, uh, side effects are, uh, the worst one is long-term memory gain.
That's really confusing.
With no guidebooks or maps on the answer.
And, uh, second, short-term memory loss.
And I forget the third, but then...
No, I remember the third.
The third thing I forgot was, remember I forgot?
Deaths from marijuana.
You know, I'm basically a scientist.
I'm a linguist, I'm a philosopher, I'm a psychologist.
I'm basically a scientist.
And I, you know, I like to quantify things and I like to keep score.
And I don't care if you felt you played well, but, you know, what's the score? Okay.
You know what?
We had, uh, used my many computer resources to do database studies of the AMAA.
How many deaths from marijuana?
Uh, UNESCO, how many deaths globally?
The Smithsonian Institute, how many deaths over the years from marijuana?
Uh, the New England Journal of Medicine, prestigious journal out there.
How many deaths from marijuana?
Well, the results came in and I got it.
I had to be factual with Mr. Benz here.
I'll be honest with you.
There have been...
12 deaths due to marijuana in the last 25,000 years.
It's a sad, sad statistic to report, but...
One of the cases of a court of ill-advised people that, uh, either smoke, uh, some marijuana too much
or they ate some marijuana brownies and, uh, they got the giggles and they laughed themselves to death.
Sad.
There are four, possibly six people that, uh, uh, ate or smoked some marijuana and, uh, they got the munchies.
And they ate themselves to death.
The scientific term for that is, uh, refrigerated blackout.
And then there are cases of, uh, four, maybe six honeymoon couples that, uh,
they smoked some marijuana and fucked themselves to death.
I don't know if you've seen that word here.
It's a joke, you know, I'm just gonna...
I'm not cursing.
I gave a talk one day in Alabama and the headline said,
I cursed a lot.
Well, uh...
So, uh...
I'm not cursing.


But listen, we gotta be serious here.
Uh, drugs are serious business.
And it's all well and good for us to, you know, take...
President Reagan has attacked me.
Firstly, he said, I'm a heatness, uh, and I encourage permissiveness,
and I take a flippant view towards drugs.
And drugs are...
I'm gonna be serious here.
Uh, there are...
One place...
Yeah, I'm not a very great fan of the Reagan White House, but, yeah.
There's one place where I totally agree with the, uh, nitwit, uh, Reagan White House,
and that is, say no for kids.
Uh, we've got, we've got to be really serious here
about the problem of kids taking drugs.
And see, it's, it's a new problem because it, it's, it's, it's...
It took a long time for us to figure this out.
See, I come from a generation where, when you were 21 years old,
you were just a kid, see, and, uh, the, the other authorities, you know,
uh, I'm talking 1930s, where, you know,
the older you were, the wiser you were,
when you got to, when you were 35, when you were 35 years old,
you got to see an X-rated film of the American Legion smoker, see.
So, uh, youth, take for granted, youth didn't know anything.
Even when you were 18, 20, you didn't know anything.
20, 30, maybe.
Then during the 60s, a funny thing happened.
This changed so that the 60s,
in 9 out of 10 households, everyone knew
that the kids knew more than the grownups, you know.
The, uh, about the ending of the Vietnam War,
about, uh, you know, the different freedoms, and see.
So there was tension there, but most intelligent, uh, parents,
you know, figured out, really, that there was something new happening here.
Let's listen to the Beatles, and hey, you know,
so that, this notion that kids know as much as, as parents, uh,
I know it violates the Fourth Commandment, uh,
I'm not, I shan't not honor the Achillean kids,
but, uh, you're kind of used to this.
You have, you know, being a little ahead of your parents,
but the kids today, you can't believe,
do you know how, how, how sophisticated they are.
Have you read, uh, Less Than Zero,
or have you read the Jane McInerney's book,
or the whole series of books about high school kids,
you know, uh, well, the Billionaire's Boy Club.
There's a bunch of high school kids that were running the billionaire,
uh, their offing, you know, radio, and so forth.
So, uh, the kids today, no question of it,
are,
incredibly sophisticated in the sense that they,
on, on, on TV, you know, they're X-rated and R-rated stuff on TV.
They're exposed to so much.
The movie, we don't, we're not aware of it, but, uh,
and, you know, eight, ten, twelve,
these kids, in the sense, they're tuned in a lot of stuff
that we don't know about, the new punk lyrics and all that,
but they simply aren't.
They're not the college kids, you know,
the one to Woodstock.
We're talking about twelve, thirteen, fourteen year old kids.
It's a long time to see that.
I even have a, uh, fourteen year old kid, so,
uh, and, uh, call me square,
I, my wife and I,
we've had to sit down,
this is the last word for this,
you cannot use drugs.
And if, you know, you talk to us about it,
and we use drugs, but we're grown up, then you can't.
When you get old enough and you get twenty-one,
you can make your decision.
You can not use drugs.
Uh, you can't use booze either.
See, there's the bar,
you know, you see us drink,
you can't drink, because your body,
your mind simply can't deal with it.
And there's a good reason for that,
and we don't want you to drink.
Uh, there's a chainsaw,
in the garage, you know.
Call me a tell-em-a-hun,
but you're grounded if you come here
without a chainsaw.
The car keys are gonna get you sick,
you know, again, you know,
you can't, uh, use that coffee.
I know, when I was growing up,

but I was a little bit of a drinker.
You have to, you know, you have to talk to my wife,
I'm old, I'll be getting around Nancy Reagan
and the plan to have the National Garden
every kindergarten.
You're not old enough.
I know I do these things,
you can't fuck your mother either.
I've got a helpful hint,
I ought to write something down.
I'm just wondering how to deal with this stuff.
Honesty, and common sense,
and honesty, of course, are the last things
that the people that run the, uh,
the government of Washington,
as a matter of fact, Nancy Reagan has two kids,
Ron Jr. and Nancy Davis,
I know them both.
Patty Davis, I'm sorry, Patty Davis.
I know them both, they're wonderful kids,
you can make a public record,
they've used a lot of drugs for a lot of years,
and, uh, and they've made very clear
that Nancy was sat down with them
and discussed it.
It was kind of a terrible thing
that those children did back then, you know,
masturbation is murder, you know that.
So, uh, I'm definitely on the record
against, uh, kids, and you've got to really,
of course, it's got to be family,
it's got to be friends, older brothers and sisters,
cousins, neighbors, uh, we've all got to,
uh, in a neighborhood, we've got to protect
our kids and so forth, it's our duty to our kids.
Now, when it comes to adults, I'm pro-choice.
What other position can an American be
if I, uh,
if I have anything that affects your body?
Uh, the adult American has the right to do
with their body or his body anything, uh,
that, uh,
here he chooses to.
If you leave your house and start
staggering around, uh, in the neighborhood
or in the street, yeah, bust, bust, bust.
Just, again, that's not common sense.
It's not common sense to spend six billion dollars
in a, uh, thought police called the narcotics,
EEA, burning the marijuana fields in California.
Marijuana is the number one cash crop in California
and America, so, uh, the productivity is going down
and then we turn around and say,
100 billion dollars or more to gangsters in Peru.
That's not common sense, is it?
Really, it's not common sense because it doesn't work,
because it's costing us hundreds of billions of dollars,
uh, both in foreign trade.
I'm protectionist on marijuana, to be clear.
Keep the next in marijuana out.
I don't know, the Japanese may not like it anyway.
Uh, so, uh, that's for adults.
And I, I tell college students, I tell you,
I tell college students, you know what, frankly,
I don't care whether you take drugs or not.
In fact, the more drugs you take,
the more trouble it causes me,
because, uh, your folks are gonna get hysteria,
Nancy Reagan's gonna bomb my, my neighborhood.
And, uh, furthermore, the less drugs you take,
the more there is for me and my friends.
So, uh, it's just not common sense.
I debate this guy, he says, no, no, no.
He knows, he knows exactly.
You know, you know, everybody knows.
All drugs, no, no, no.
Well, other liquor, well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
See, I can't say yes or no, because, um,
my job and your job is, of course,
to encourage and empower each other to think for yourself.
And every time anyone does or does not take a drug,
or does or does not do anything else with their body,
it's always an individual situation.
You may make one decision today and something else tomorrow.
So, I know you all know that.
It's one of the ways that I feel tough on drugs.
And that's with addicts.
It's well known that about 10% of the population
who are designed by DNA or the Gaia wisdom
or DNA of the brain,
or intelligence or God or whatever it may be,
a kid or I don't know,
but who are just wired to self-destruct.
You know what I'm talking about.
You see them in high school, junior high school,
in kindergarten, look around.
There are people that, they're gonna destruct on money,
on gambling, on sex, on cars, on drugs.
That's a wonderful way to self-destruct.
You can have flames if you want to do that.
And all of the publicity about drugs
goes to this 10% of, screw us.
You don't hear exposés of 90% of the American people, adults,
are using drugs reasonably intelligently.
You may get a little too drunk on New Year's Eve
or you may get a little bit,
but reasonably, 90% of Americans use drugs,
including alcohol.
Use them, you know, for the realistic, you know,
veteran, experienced,
not that you're gonna take a little risk now and then,
but still, there's no problem.
It's the 10%.
It causes all the problem.
None of that is the 10% that are on the covers of magazines
blabbing off about drugs.
They're the experts.
Or on the TV, I was gonna,
if I see another ex-addict get on TV and explain drugs,
I'm gonna pop out of my shoes.
It's so silly to assume that the people who can't do something
are the experts on it.
We in the 20th century have gone through an experience
which we're just beginning to understand now.
A new philosophy of nature that works
was developed around the year 1900.
And the history of the roaring 20th century
is a history of a species of domestication,

which indicated farmers and factory workers
learning how to live in, inhabit,
deal with this new definition of reality,
which is, to which we're moving.
Now the philosophy I'm talking about, of course,
is the philosophy of quantum physics.
And around the turn of the century,
there were three very cybernetic, psychedelic,
far-out German philosophers
who initiated a theory of reality
which is just not intuitive,
it's just not commonsensical,
it's unbelievable, it's mad, it's bizarre,
but it works.
First to mention this was Einstein,
who came along and said, I'm paraphrasing here,
that there's no absolute space or time.
I see you moving, but I'm moving too,
and my measurements of you depend on my position
and my velocity,
and direction, and yours too.
So there's no absolute space or time or reality.
It's all dependent on point of view.
Now that's a heart of the day.
See, Jerry Falwell, Pat Robertson,
and I have to mention Jimmy and Tammy,
are thundering out when they're preaching
about secular humanism and relativity.
There's one set of commandments,
and it's down in that one Bible,
word for word, in the dictated text,
that was written 4,000 years ago
by the one and only God,
and there's no room for relativity,
and those are not ten suggestions on Marvel.
And Einstein comes along and says,
okay, so right from the beginning,
the conservative moralists and religious bureaucrats
sensed a danger in Einstein.
Then to make matters worse,
a man named Max Planck came along
and said, this solid world that we see here,
and our bodies, and this whole thing
that seems so material and real and solid to us,
this Newtonian universe of mass and momentum
and work and power and action and reaction,
it's everything.
It's all made up of clusters of quanta,
probability little bits of an image
that occasionally cluster together
in structured form, but very quickly,
so that literally we are living
in a universe, and we are part of
and made up of a universe
of clusters of quanta, probability up on,
now that's a bad-ass trick.
You can grab a hand coat around you
and pull the whole city down on you.
A lot of you have been in that, but see.
Now, you imagine,
here in 1900, when this stuff started coming out,
nobody could understand it,
because these guys wrote their equations,
they were communicating in a most
Paleolithic caveman form.
They were writing with a chalk on a blackboard
in these arcades, and nobody could understand it.
You know, I think the typical American here in 1900,
remember that Grant Wood picture,
American Gothic, where the black there,
really, down to earth, Iowa, farmers,
and here's this Jew Einstein coming along
and saying, really, the gorilla did it?
Like this crazy Max coming along and saying,
well, dear, we know that we got to plow
on the good old Kansas earth,
so we don't have to worry about that.
Well, they had to worry about it.
They also had to worry about
Werner Heisenberg, who came along
and said something even worse.
He said that the reality is that you see
and that I see is totally determined
by our sense organs,
which we can only see within a certain spectra,
and so forth, by the equipment we use
to magnify a telescope's microscope,
and the maps or models that we use
to explain what we see.
In other words, your reality is what you see,
your mind is what I see,
your sees, and everybody makes their own rounds,
and that was a tough one to take.
The problem was, though, that it worked.
See, quantum physics works,
as we learned in Hiroshima and Nagasaki,
and with the, I'll tell you how it worked.
The task, the genetic and historic task,
of the 20th century,
for those of us that have been moving through it,
is this.
How to take a species of domesticated primates
who work in farms and in a semi-dark factory
and get them to feel comfortable and secure
and efficient in piloting their way through
and inhabiting a quantum universe.
Now, in situations like this,
where a species is inevitable,
you just have to keep moving and changing,
you can't stop it,
who are the people that make
the mysterious comfortable?
Who are the people that make the unknown
and the dark and the far beyond
and the scary and the frightening?
Who makes it possible?
Well, you know that there's a special cast of human beings.
They are called artists, or poets,
or visionaries, or dreamers,
or storytellers, or whacked-out scientists,
musicians,
who are the ones who make
the universe.

Composers,
shamans,
sagatars,
you know who I'm talking about.
The people who tell the rest of the herd
what's going on out there
is gonna be all right
when Ulysses sails
through the pillars of Hercules
over the wide, dark sea,
he's not gonna drop off the edge,
be of good heart,
go out there and sail,
he's gonna be all right.
It's the people who send their pledges
to K-N-O-N, dear friends,
when the tape runs out.
Come on, man!
Friends, create your own reality out of this.
There we go.
Tuesday evenings.
On the immense
brain
show
on K-N-O-N 90.9 FM.
It's from 12 till 2 after the vital hour.
Come and check it out.
I think you'll like what you hear.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
The giant brain show, dear friends.
Well, gosh, I've got about seven minutes left to go.
Uh, I'm gonna go back to the computer,
and I'll talk to you later.
Uh, uh, uh,
Deedlee Llama,
we, what do you,
what do you do?
Do you play, uh,
ten minutes of Timothy Leary,
uh, never getting to the punchline,
or do you just,
do you just float on down?
Well, you ask those good little subgeniuses out there
to send their pledges in.
I'm looking at this chart up here,
and the last time I was in here,
everybody was calling in
and promising you were gonna send that money,
but that money hadn't come in yet.
What's the matter with you guys?
What do you think we are up here?
What do you think you are?
Are you really a subgenius?
Or are you a pink person?
Eh? Eh?
Send that money in.
We need that money.
We need this radio ministry.
You know, if you don't send that money in,
you're gonna have to explain yourself
to Jehovah One come X day.
Worse than that,
you may have to talk to me.
You shouldn't have bit fish.
You shouldn't have bit fish,
but it's too late now.
You're on the line,
and you're gonna have to,
you're gonna have to jump into that frying pan,
or else,
damn it,
you're gonna pinch across the fire.
Well, Reverend Stang,
I want to thank you
for your help
in bringing Dr. Timothy Leary to town
and having these tapes available
for all those subgeniuses out there
whose parents
whose parents wouldn't let them get the car keys that night.
That's right. That's right.
And also, the Athenor Group.
I think we need to recognize them.
Hear, hear. Hear, hear.
I certainly didn't have that money
to pay him to drive in Dallas.
That's right.
And, uh,
uh, I, do we,
can we say anything about the Athenor Group?
Uh, for those of you who don't know?
Well, they've got a bookstore down across from,
uh, Fair Park.
Is it okay to say it's next to the Bar of Soap?
Yeah, yeah.
Uh, we can't tell them to buy anything there,
because they have to send their money here to the station.
No, I would never do that.
They've got to send their money here to the station first.
But it's a good place to know about.
It's a, it's our civic duty to make sure
that they know about this bookstore,
which does contain such unusual information.
Which is, by the way,
a supporter of KNON 90.9 FM,
the voice of the people.
If you are people out there.
Praise Jeff.
Praise Jeff.
Praise Jeff.
And I just want to thank Bob
for this radio ministry
and all that it's doing all over the world.
And a little bit about the Athenor Group.
Uh, Reverend Cottrell,
would you say something to us about the Athenor Group?
Have at it, Doc.
Well, well, I don't really know what to say.
We're the second generation Athenor group.

The first generation consisted of
Marilyn Monroe,
Neil Cassidy,
Sylvia Plath,
John Kennedy,
and J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Oh, that Athenor group.
That Athenor group.
They never told me the name of that
because they didn't want me to come in.
I wasn't old enough.
You weren't old enough.
It was,
Athenor Anderson originated this group
after her death
by appearing to this group of people
and anointing them
and delivering to them
the Athenorium,
which preceded the pre-scriptures
of the Book of the Subgenius,
which J.R. Bob Dobbs
borrowed some of.
Well, well, now, uh,
these teachings are eternal.
These are eternal teachings, dear friend.
Yeah, they go beyond other things.
And they somehow end up having the same punchline
in many different languages
and many different religions.
You still end up with that same punchline.
And we ain't gonna tell you that punchline.
You're gonna have to find out for yourself.
Are you fishing for a song?
Are you fishing for a song?
Well, stay tuned
because you will get those songs
when Robert Wisdom comes in here
with the American Music Party.
Oh, the smell of fish ain't fish.
Oh, somebody said fish is rain.
Fish is rain.
A lot to think about in the caveat.
Fish can fill our brain
Even we three
couldала
Passing insati
Salmon
Chin
disfrbum
S Fauco
Ch化
1-4-0-3-0-6, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
I'm going to read that number again.
You got that pencil ready, dear friends?
You can write for information from Bob at P.O. Box 140-306, Dallas, 75214.
This is George Clinton taking you out.
It's been a psychedelic evening.
It's been a psychedelic evening.
It's been a psychedelic evening.
It's been a psychedelic evening.
It's been a psychedelic evening.
It's been a psychedelic evening.
It's been a psychedelic evening.
It's been a psychedelic evening.
It's been a psychedelic evening.
It's been a psychedelic evening.
It's been a psychedelic evening.
