The Self Genius Power of Smoking
The Self Genius Power of Smoking
Don't you ever know, uber women, uber men
Doing everything we can to yell about the word
Adopt and verbally attack
To praise our heavy heritage and follow in our slack
The Self Genius Levi
That taps into the high vibe
While simultaneously and successfully
Manipulating both space and time
I'm a Self Genius Bar, damn it
I'm the head of the Industrial National Committee
We're blowing psychic snog rockets out of all three tonight
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight

Zero, one, three, four
I sure ain't Cupid, but I am a Ghanaiite
I can feel the sounds of my farts with the meows of kittens
Kittens for Bob and Catnip and Fropp
Kittens for Bob and Catnip and Fropp
Fart, fart, right now, jump it up
Jump on the slope, get out of the studio
Go for a cab, handle a joke
That's my fault
Fart, fart, right now, jump it up
Break a tornado, jump on the slope
Now, spin on, brains, I can't handle a joke
Spin on
Spin on
Winning most sweden baseballs
The greatest stuff
And most amazing songs
That big time
And we're on the screen
Yeah
So, screw the brainstorm
The only half of the way







One more time
One more time

Telling it, 한
Happy to see ya


Fallen
Forun
Renault
BLACK

Go all your way



I am Jez基idas
All these things are genuinely strange
1960, which I saw at age seven, and it blew my mind and probably set me off on my journey into
weirdness and fun and bulldata. And I'd also watched a kind of making of The Time Machine,
including an epilogue to the story. The very next thing I did was check my email, and the first
thing up was the promo for Songs for Time Travel, a new album by Rubik's Pube. How can such things
even be? They must have been time traveling. Songs for Time Travel. Anyway, Rubik's Pube is a great
mountain-based mutant rock band that has played at many X Days and Devivals and bars and festivals.
In fact, some members, like Lord
Roe,
son of Sinfaltimus Ex Mortis, have been doing so since they were young teenagers.
That lead guitar player and singer, Reverend Ness, incidentally, is as jaw-droopingly beautiful
as her sounds are, as it says here. Jaw-droopingly beautiful. Well, that's good.
Anyway, tonight I have two news items, friends. For the
last time, I'm going to be talking about a song called Rock God, which is a song that I've been
playing. The last couple of shows, I've been playing readings from the Subgenius mystery novel,
The Agent and Mr. Dobbs, and I'll play more tonight. And the book is now finally available.
It's out. It's in our catalog on subgenius.com, but probably not for long. It's a very limited
edition in hardback. In fact, I announced it yesterday, and about half of the 40 copies are
already gone, even though it's expensive.
Here's the ad. Two brain-gnarling spy thriller mystery novellas starring J.R. Bob Dobbs in one
limited numbered hardcover edition. Only 50 were printed, and the author has three of them.
In the early 60s, this is the plot description, an earnest patriotic and pink agent for the Feds
is assigned to the seriously insane national security case of Bob Dobbs.
He's drawn by Dobbs down a rabbit hole that turns into a wormhole of froth madness,
surreal sex with Connie, Bigfoot, and Greys, bizarre parties with JFK, Hitler,
Lee Harvey Oswald, Fidel Castro, Nikita Khrushchev, and Timothy Leary, and unspeakable
experiences that make him question what he had mistakenly thought of as reality. It's like
H.P. Lovecraft by way of Raymond Chandler by way of R. Crumb, like a David Lynch movie with a dollop
of the Three Stooges, like a Bugs Bunny cartoon guest directed by David Cronenberg, like an S.
Clay Wilson comic novelized by Franz Kafka. Now, friends, this is me talking. I've written two
subgenius movie screenplays, but if some Hollywood hotshot approached me saying,
I've got a hundred million bucks for a big subgenius movie,
I'd hand him this book. It's really hilarious, and honestly, it's my very favorite portrait of
Bob so far. Let us just pray that it is indeed fiction. Extremely collectible. The forward is
signed and dated by Ivan Stang. Don't look for this on Amazon. It's available only from
Subgenius Foundation. Look in our catalog. Actually, the link is subgenius.com
slash catalog slash books, but just go to the Bulldog of Time Control store or look at the
front page, the home page of subgenius.com, and there you will see somewhere, if you read close
enough, you'll see it listed, along with the other three new novels. No, two other new novels.
Oh, by the way, the music in the background is the Empire Jazz Orchestra. Our friend, Reverend
Teeters, ran that, and this was an album called Out of the Mist. This is a quiet one there in the
background. Okay. The other news is about X-Day, where and when, but first, let's hear more Agent
and Mr. Dobbs. And now I'm going to read part five of the Agent and Mr. Dobbs, which was brought to
us by Reverend Teeters LaVerge, although it's actually written by this unnamed agent.
Okay. Is everything, everything's running right? Good. After all the monkey business, as Bob called
it, he was in a much better mood. I suppose all that man needs is to take a number three and fling
a bit of feces around to, quote, even his keel. His grin was radiant as we walked out into that
hot, humid night. We tarried around his car for a few minutes. They were the most relaxed moments
I'd had with Mr. Dobbs up to this point. I offhandedly asked him for a cigarette, and though
I had never seen him smoke anything but his infernal pipe, he pulled a pack of my favorite
brand of smokes, Old Tar Lung, from his jacket pocket. It was a needed smoke, one that I had
not had since I got rotated back from Korea in 52. Bob smiled at my obvious joy, telling me,
those coffin nails sure make a tasty cancer in you, Binks.
I put it on my fresh-sliced human pain toast every morning. Bob then hopped, like a drunken
rabbit, into the driver's side of the vehicle and shouted to me that, now we're gonna have
some real good fun, boy. Get in. Now! He then let out the most outrageously poor simulation
of a rebel yell that I have ever heard. It sounded more like the mating calls of those
great apes that reside in the deepest, darkest Congo.
Bob went in, muttering, , while crouched and

In fact, I think I heard him out of the car.
Our backs liability would be so much higher if he wouldn't be in the car, looking down

So, we started applying our foreign sleep cookies, in the food andósabout goods
that we might get taking a walk.
Birthright foremost, we needули to workues our dream. We would Dionin't take any more
help.
Of course, we needulwend to Curtis, James,Crillby.
me in an oily voice that you're looking sweeter by the minute. My heart was in my throat, not only
because of the insane driving, but I also feared that Bob might have other, more perverted plans
for me. This seemed too painfully real of a possibility for me, for Bob started to sniff
the air lustfully and play pocket pool again, vigorously. After a few tense moments for me,
Mr. Dobbs was cool as a perverted cucumber the whole time, we finally slid to a halt in front
of what I can only describe as the most stinking, run-down, decrepit roadhouse that ever sat in the
middle of nowhere. It was a truly ramshackle affair, half of the neon signs only had a letter
or two lit up, there was a huge pile of smelly trash out front, I discerned humanoid skulls in
the pile, and the peeling paint said it all with the structures, sign,
dangling off to one side, ye olde, exist, bar and grill-y. If the outside was a shambles,
then the inside was worse. It smelled like a cheap brewery that had been forgotten in an
open sewer since the reign of Ashurnasalpal II. I wondered why the hell Bob, a man of such wealth
who could easily afford to go to any of the finest clubs in Florida, would take me here.
It then occurred to me that this may be the case.
It could just be THE whorehouse. When we walked in the joint, the place erupted with drunken shouts
of Bob, and for some reason, JAR. I stood amazed, for the clientele was astounding by anybody's
standard. I saw John Birch passionately kissing Mousy Tongue in one corner, our vice president
rubbing the crotch of the preserved corpse of Stalin while drunkenly shouting about damn pinko
tits. Emma Goldman's disembodied head screaming the Internationale. M blanked out, M blanked out,
stabbing, I was later to learn, our actual non-clone president in the right eye with a fork
while Frank Sinatra groveled at her feet. There were also, and the rest of the page is blanked out,
and the young folk singer Bob Dylan. Richard Attenborough was filming it all.
The worst part, however, was that the film was not a film. It was a film that was a film. It was a film that was a film.
The worst part, however, were the whores in the joint. Greys, greens, mobs, reptilians,
anti-reptilians, them, and ones that I did not recognize. They were all gaudily dressed as
housewives, construction workers, maids, businessmen, house painters, bee girls, dead astronauts,
the list goes on, and all had horribly cheap bouffant wigs on. Bob handed me a jar of yellowish
fluid and a handful of piss. I was so scared, I was so scared, I was so scared, I was so scared,
telling me that he would soon be back. He took a dozen of the whores up with him,
winking sickeningly at me. I swallowed the pills dry. When Bob eventually made it back down to the
bar where I'd seated myself, sipping a cheap beer, his face was all aglow. Literally, it shone green,
then red. One of those gray creatures was behind the bar, pouring a jelly jar full of vodka for
premier quality. I was so scared, I was so scared, I was so scared, I was so scared, I was so scared,
I was so scared, I was so scared, I was so scared, I was so scared, I was so scared.


Bob sat down between us. He still had a satisfied grin on his face that smacked of unknowable
pleasures. Bob suggested that we have a drinking contest. The pills were really kicking in at this
point, so I found it hard to believe my eyes, but even harder to deny what I was actually seeing.
This is our place, the real place where things get done, he whispered to me.
Then, speaking directly to the premier of the Soviet Union,
he said,
So, Nicky, think you can drink me under the table tonight, eh?
Khrushchev looked at Bob straight in the eye, something I've seen very few attempt.
Yes, Mr. Noobs, I drink until you, how you say, blow O-ring.
The gray then passed Bob, Khrushchev, and I, a full jelly jar each of vodka. Both Khrushchev
and Bob down there, I was halfway through mine, had to run outside to vomit. I swear, it was
paint thinner, the label on the bottle had paint thinner crossed out and vodka written underneath.
My original guess of it being moonshine was awfully wrong.
When I stumbled back in, bleary-eyed, I bumped into no less than Richard M. Nixon. Even if my
eyes were blurred, I could not mistake his voice. He cursed me as he chased a small dog around.
I made my weaving way back up to the bar where Bob and Nicky were now glaring and laughing,
panicking at each other while pounding their shoes on the bar top. It would seem that Bob
had won the paint thinner drinking contest, for as I sat down on my stool, Khrushchev's
eyes rolled to the back of his head and he fell off his bar stool onto the sodden floor
and into oblivion. I was horrified and asked Bob if he were all right, for this could be
a potentially world destructive event. Mr. Noobs told me, he's fine, the little tyke,
he'll be ready for another one in the morning. But first, young man, I'm going to go to the bar.

I was so worried about Bob that I had to run back outside to get sick again. It smelled like
rotten fish bait. Bob seemed to relish them, for he ate the whole large bucketful, and he was so
grimy. He let out a belch and for some reason rubbed his backside. I vomited harder at that
stench. When I made it back inside, Bob told me he wanted to try my luck out at one of the many
card tables. The rest of the evening was a horrible blur, for not only did he force feed me pills,
but he kept buying round after round of the local actual moonshine, thank God. Mr. Noobs could hold
his liquor.
Bob was a very good guy, though he did seem to flicker bodily on and off like a broken television,
especially when he did poorly at the games of chance. At one point, we, Bob, Mao, Churchill,
a beatnik type, Ed Sullivan, a strange alien looking creature with the face of a cuttlefish,
and I, were playing some sort of complicated card game where the cards themselves represented
different currencies, worlds, and immortal souls.
Bob lost the big hand of the night. In a rare fit of anger, he grabbed the cards from the alien and threw them on the floor, cursing,
Well, I do believe that I've been cheated. He then grabbed, wrong side up it seemed to me, an IOU written on a bar napkin and squinted his drunken eyes at it, saying,
I guess I'll see you in 1998. He slurred under his breath,
Mwuh-kuh-dee-mwuh-hah-kin-kuh.
Ah, screw you, you damn cheating.
Squid. Though it was Bob, I knew who had been the one that was cheating, for he kept, not very slickly, mind you,
grabbing cards out of my hand when he claimed he needed them.
The whole event, from what I can remember, was pathetic,
but what disturbed me the most was one of the cards had a picture of our planet on it,
and the alien looking creature seemed to relish the fact that he had won it.
Bob, in a panicked state that I've never seen before, hustled me so violently toward the door that we knocked over the door.
In his later years, which was almost never going to be as mangeous as Bob was,



it was the famous stair-walking man, perhaps the best ever, with noplace in Mr. Nixon,
who is sitting cross-legged on the floor, grilling skewers of meat over an open fire.
He cursed us, mumbling that he got the taste for dog,
while doing some brain massaging,
during a trip to North Korea and how we ruined his meal,
though we'd all soon be dancing to his tune.
Nixon did, however, hand us a cheaply mimeographed booklet
entitled How to Serve Man.
With that, Mr. Dobbs' face relaxed a little.
He nudged me with his elbow, grinning,
and saying in a bit of an oily voice,
good recipes in this one.
He chuckled to himself as we walked out into the misty morning light.
I can still hear the dreadful sound and import
of his index finger tapping hard
against that thin manual of evil.
Ooh!
F***!
F***!
F***!
F***!

F***!
Warning! I voted.
And season with a sauce that's zesty.
Yet delightfully mild to please the entire family.
Popcorn.
You will feel a intense need to urinate.
Whatever happens, do not urinate.
Try your best to adapt into therie,
However it might help to lose your guard.
Last two days have illness caused by a man of yours.
You can live less lose him.
Lady.
the gardener.
How do you see it?

I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Mr. Dobbs then gave the man a gentle kiss on the forehead and winked at me, whispering,
We don't need no damn agents.
I understood, and as he left the house, I noticed that somehow, as usual, Bob had made off with their wallets.
I understood, and as he left the house, I noticed that somehow, as usual, Bob had made off with their wallets.
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man.
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man.
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man.
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man.
The drive through the countryside was lovely until Bob made a serious face again and said that we had best hang low until things blow over.
I know the place to go. A little inn I have that I like to call Shamalot.
It took us a while to get to this Shamalot, for Mr. Dobbs seemed to always forget where we were driving.
He'd stop off at random diners, trinket shops, gas stations, etc.
where he would feel impelled to make a sale.
Then we would drive back off in the direction we'd just come from.
Bob always had something in the trunk of his car to sell to these vendors.
It was as if he had a second sense for the sale and that was what guided him.
Where we ended up was exactly where he wanted to go in the first place.
We did indeed make it eventually to Shamalot.
Shamalot.
It was actually an underground type bomb shelter that Bob had off the main kitchen in a sprawling hotel complex in rural Virginia.
I followed him through the venue. It was a very well appointed hotel.
Yet the staff seemed lethargic and prone to bumbling and stumbling around.
I thought at first that they may have all been overworked or drunk.
Until I noticed that most of them would shamble off into a dark corner and take a puff off a...
smile pipe every chance they could get.
The tobacco they smoked smelled very much like Bob's, just not as nauseating.
We wended our way through this maze until we got to a heavy steel door on which was messily painted a la The Little Rascals.
Shamalot.
No pinks a loud.
I recognized Bob's childish scrawl and poor spelling.
So this then would be...
our safe haven.
Well friends, that is the end of The Agent and Mr. Dobbs Part 6, translated by Reverend Teeters La Verge.
The music in the background is by Speed Cave from the CD Rocket Ships and Apple Pie.
I believe that the correct way to read Speed Cave is speedcave.com.
I Someday 1977







it is


I am a handful of brick and gravel
Thrown in the gearbox of the time machine
The beaten heart will come to a standstill
Throws emotion in the middle of the stream
As can crack a rock without a sound
As the clock ticks, as the clock ticks down
You learn to love me, you learn to leave me
I can't explain it, it's just something that I do
I drive you crazy, not in a good way
Life with lady comes with turning up the screw
In the distance hear the grinding sound
As the clock ticks, as the clock ticks down
I draw a long map
And watching the valley
I draw the long man
Climbing the rise
I ride the chalk horse
Over the mountain
I stack the stones
To the summer sunrise
You overrate me, you learn to hate me
It's all related to the dullness of the night
You learn to doubt me, go on without me
Ignore the numbers for the rest of your life
We will be moving to the higher ground
As the clock ticks, as the clock ticks down
We're all living in the lost and found
As the clock ticks, as the clock ticks down
As the clock ticks, as the clock ticks down
I draw the long map
I draw the long map
I draw the long map
I draw the long map
I draw the long map
Bob Walkinhorst sang as the clock ticks down.
The latest of his monthly songs
that are usually available only via Patreon.
I happen to be a happy subscriber.
I'd love to play all those songs
but then you might not subscribe.
And now this.
Chamelot, the place which I expected
to look like a typical bomb shelter
was more a mixture of
a perverted hip swingers pad, a communications center of the First Order,
a hillbilly's hovel, and a museum of oddities.
There was a large, stuffed, Bigfoot-looking creature
standing next to a utilitarian army surplus metal desk.
A bloody scimitar was crudely duct-taped to the thing's right hand,
and at the bottom of the statue, along with a pile of dusty humanoid skulls,
was a plaque that stated,
J.B. Exlatel Dobbs XIII, the Beaten Fist of Jehovah One.
I could not tell you if the thing was once a real beast or not,
but its furry body sure stank like the froth that Bob always smoked.
As I looked over the shelter-slash-swingers pad of Bob's,
mostly to find an alternate escape route,
I became aware of the fact that we were not alone.
For, from a far corner came the sound of shallow, rasping breaths.
Even after all the events that I had witnessed,
I still held some fear of the unknown in my heart.
With trepidation, I slowly walked to the corner where the sounds emanated.
There, in an easy chair, illuminated by the dim and wavy light of a lava lamp,
sat a great, beautiful, and wonderful creature.
It was a grotesque version of what was once probably human.
Its face was a sickening parody.
It had a permanent sardonic grin,
and between its strained lips was a poorly grafted-on pipe, much like Bob's.
The thing exuded a continuous soft and disgusting chuckle
that sounded like the sarcasm of the damned.
I found myself backing away, but with a withered hand,
the thing beckoned me to it.
It chuckled,
Have I got a joke for you?
The thing then proceeded to tell a long, rambling, and incoherent joke
about a priest, a pink, and a yeti that go to some bar.
It made no sense whatsoever, yet the creature kept laughing to itself
as it puffed on its pipe.
I did not even notice that Bob had come over and was standing next to me
until he let out a room-shaking guffaw at what I suppose was the punchline,
which went something like,
Humanity popping like a bunch of damn crawfish in a hot skillet.
I shook my head and told this thing before me to shut the hell up
and that we may be on the brink of atomic war.
Mr. Dobbs twisted my ear in a most painful manner
and, while patting the thing on its shoulder, said,
F*** them if they can't take a joke.
Suddenly, a very real and cold fear gripped my heart.
I asked Bob if he knew something.
Something I didn't.
Did Khrushchev die of alcohol poisoning?
Did the commies assassinate our president in retaliation?
Were we on the brink of atomic destruction?
Bob just played pocket pool and chuckled,
Nuclear war is the least of your worries, young agent.
At least after last night's card game.
It was then that the room suddenly lit up in red lights
and a klaxon started to sound.
Bob jumped up and down like a child on Christmas Day, yet,
he was yelling,
That's Connie calling!
That's Connie calling!
He skipped, I'm not kidding, skipped over to a video telephonic device.
There he sat down, fidgeting on a large leather swivel chair,
furiously playing pocket pool.
Hi, sweetie spleen, he said to the beautiful image of Connie on the video screen.
What are you doing in our Dallas compound?
Mr. Dobbs smiled stupidly as Connie said,
Well, dearie,
I had a little party at the compound last night and,
Well, it would seem that I made a little joke with Jackie
about pranking the president.
You know what a card he is.
And it would seem that three of the doctors overheard.
Mr. Dobbs just nodded his head,
smiling as if he could picture the party in his, quote, mind, unquote.
Well, this morning those doctors got all drunked up and took some rifles and,
Well, dearie,
it would seem that Dr. Oswald was a tad bit too tipsy and grabbed some real bullets instead of the rubber kind.
Connie made a gesture and on the video screen appeared Dr. Oswald,
looking sheepish and more than a bit hungover.
Sorry, Bob, he said with a hangdog expression on his face,
obviously twisting his foot on the floor in shame.
Connie, as a reward, popped a pill in his mouth,
which he gobbled down like an obedient dog.
It's okay, Dr. Oswald, Bob said.
We all make mistakes.
F**k up, man up, man shut the f**k up is the motto, isn't it?
I was shocked again at Bob's levity in situations of danger.
Well, f**k us if we can't take a joke.
Bob elbowed me so hard in the ribs that I fell over gasping.
Have Connie give you a few more pills and fifty cents to go see a movie.
I'll call Johnny Boy and clear the whole thing up.
Dr. Oswald nodded obediently and walked away from the screen,
grinning like a reprieved man chewing a big mouthful of pills.
Look, Connie, Bob said, where is Dr. Ruby?
He and the other doctors are down at his strip joint keeping the party going,
Connie replied, looking as radiant as ever.
Well, do me a favor, honey bunch of synapses, and go down there and tell Dr. Ruby
that I have a job for you.
I want him to take Dr. Oswald out, Bob said.
Will do, Connie chirped as they jiggled their fingers at their throats,
making a strange noise and hung up their video phones.
Bob then looked strangely thoughtful for a moment.
I guess I should have told Connie that the job was to get Dr. Oswald out of the country for a little bit.
Hmm.
He then pulled a folder full of photos from the desk drawer
and started to meticulously cut and paste Dr. Oswald's head onto various figures,
railroad conductors, nurses, dinosaurs, and figures of men holding rifles,
with crudely painted signs that said, I did it.
He sighed a lot during the process until the sighs became a sort of barking noise, guttural, animalistic.
He got up and started to cry.
He smoothed the non-existent wrinkles from his trousers right before he pulled them down
and sat on a portable chemical toilet.
I averted my eyes until Bob yelled,
Gaze upon me, little pink!
I actually stumbled backwards at the timbre of his voice,
yet I found myself obeying his command as I dragged a metal folding chair over to him
and sat within a few mere inches from him as he did his business,
which in itself was odd, for as I gazed upon his face,
it turned rather vividly from green to red to blue and back to green again,
until, with the sound of a million balloons popping simultaneously,
what was previously a very serious, strained look on his face
transformed into the usual moronic and placid visage
that I not only would see in person, but in my own mind as well when I closed my eyes.
I suspect that I was going insane.
From all the pills and slack, one could only guess.
My feeling of insanity was pretty much cemented when Bob picked up a girly pink video phone
and called our still-living president.
It appeared that the SOB was a dipsomaniac, a whoremonger, and still at that bordello in Florida.
A grey with a powder blue background,
a bouffant wig came up on screen looking annoyed,
its huge eyes were clouded over and drunk,
as it rolled over and got the president on the phone.
Our president rubbed his red-rimmed eyes and in an irritated, stuttering voice
asked first if Jackie were there.
When soothingly reassured by Bob that she was back in Dallas,
he calmed down a bit until he was told of all that had transpired in his besotted absence.
The president jumped out of bed.
He was clothed in a, and here it's a blanked out, uniform, a something uniform.
I lost all respect for him at that point,
but could only admire his obvious abilities as M blanked out, M blanked out.
Some M something, M something.
I personally suspect it might be Marilyn Monroe.
As the MM and the bouffanted grey kept adjusting the eye patch,
which it would seem covered the damage that MM had done to it the night before with a fork.
I listened in as the two of them conversed.
Bob kept trying to explain to the whining man that it's all right,
and that he, I'm not sure who he meant, didn't have to worry,
and cause I've got it all under control.
The president threw another fit while Bob explained to him
that his trusted man, Dr. Oswald,
was the one who drunkenly grabbed the rifle with the real bullets.
The president suggested that they dispose of the assassinated clone,
and he himself could explain on TV that he was all right and it was just a scratch.
Bob snickered, saying that was a grand idea,
but obviously no eye patch is going to fool the necessary amount of people
when thousands saw half your head being blown off.
So just accept the island offer and shut up.
Bob rocked back in his swivel chair, a smug look on his face,
as if he had just untied the Gordian knot.
He played pocket pool so hard I could hear the sound of pain.
The president glowered thoughtfully for a moment,
taking in the import of the situation he found himself in.
Okay, master, he said, I'll take the deal.
Just tell Jackie that I'm getting stuff done with the Greys at Camp Canaveral
and send Dr. Oswald to me.
I have a plan.
I'll give him a few choice fists to show him.
Mr. Dobbs chuckled and mentioned that he already had Dr. Ruby on the job.
He is going to take him out of the country.
Bob then abruptly hung up the phone.
Did I tell Connie the out of the country part?
He looked serious for a few moments until the thing in the easy chair started laughing insanely,
yelling, when Bob done f**ks up, people die.
Then when Mr. Dobbs starts farting, the world starts...
I glared at the creature in disgust.
How could you joke at this moment?
I whispered an aside to Bob, asking what manner of foul creature it was that sat in the corner.
Bob said loudly, ignoring my attempt at privacy, pointing to the creature and laughing,
that is a mistake.
A genetic mistake like the alligator people you saw in my grand mother.
A goat of happiness outside the factory.
That mistake used to be as pink as you.
That was my middle hand man until it decided to retire to a monastery in Tibet
with a big bag of my personal stash of frop.
The thing we got back from the Yeti monks was no longer human, but also not quite an overman.
So I decided to graft that pipe onto its face and make it frop up 24 hours a day just to see what would happen.
Young agent, what you see before you is the future of failure.
What you see is an over-under man.
The thing in the corner puffed its pipe and cackled like a madman.
You see, young agent, Bob told me, that I now need you as my middle hand man.
I pondered the gravity of what he told me as he put some atonal rumba music on the hi-fi
and walked over to the classy man.

He told me that he had a bar to fix us a drink.
He did a poor job of hiding the spiking of my drink with pills,
though he obviously tried to look innocent and hide his actions.
My heart dropped as he started to suddenly gyrate his hips,
hula-style, when he glided over with my drink.
We were alone and I had no escape.
I feared the worst, but knew that this was my duty.
Bob handed me the drink and suddenly got stuck in a ditch.

He was serious, if you can ever call him that.
He heartily pfffwift the stuffy air that hung leaden in the shelter.
He told me not to worry too much, that he'd find a way to make a buck out of the whole thing.
Without thinking, I drank the cocktail down.
The room spun in a pleasant way and I noticed that the little umbrella that he had put into the drink
was topped off with a small plastic bobbly head of the president.
The head had what looked like two bullet holes in it.
I knew then that God help us if we cannot get this man squarely on our side.
Bob gyrated around me while my sight dimmed into a fearful tunnel
and my mind reeled at the import of this man's powers.
Bob stood over me as I slumped in the chair.
Boy, I have plans for you.
You're going to Dobbs Town for further and further.
I was in the middle of construction and a little itty bitty operation to open up that other hole.
I felt the room whirl as all faded out but his pipe, his grin, and that insufferable soft chuckling.
The music in the background was by yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
And now, this.
You've been listening to Hour of Slack number 1872.
You can learn more about the Church of the Subgenius and the stuff we play and everything else at subgenius.com.
Oh, and we promised news about X Day.
Well, X Day is somewhere, sometime this year.
You can see all of what I'm about to read also on subgenius.com under X Day.
Friends, X Day is July 5th, 1998.
Of course.
But from 24 previous X Day drills, we now know that we don't really know when now is.
We also don't know where the big party is.
After years at the perfect place in Ohio, and then an all virtual one on Zoom in 2020,
for 2021 we found an even more perfecter place in Florida.
But this year, the owner, Reverend Zanthea, is moving that place, the Land of Id Resort.
She'll move it somewhere else, but it's not going to be ready this summer.
So temporarily, we might call this one DIY Day.
It takes place wherever you are.
If you decide to host a local drill in the form of a big party with all your subgenius friends and loved ones, great.
We'll help you publicize it if you want it public.
Or you can join the big virtual party or parties from right in your own home via internet video conferencing.
But really, why not both?
I'm thinking I may throw a party here at Stang Ranch, but only for people I actually know.
No offense.
But it's not just that Reverend Zanthea's amazing Land of Id is temporarily closed,
or that I can't spend a week breaking my back again in Ohio.
There's much, much more to it.
For X Day, as we belatedly realized, is also Variable Day.
V-Day, one might say, as well as DIY Day.
We stumbled upon this discovery in the forbidden sciences that blew our minds.
What's the letter in mathematics that indicates a variable?
X.
Maybe it's X Day because it's variable.
We know from prophecy that the media will refer to the advent of the angelic host as X Day.
But now that we are less certain about the planet and the year, this day of judgment is now a variable.
The world ends on July 5th, 1998 at 7 a.m.
But we obviously don't know when that might be, might be.
It might be today.
Well, maybe tomorrow.
But soon.
Soon, surely.
Very soon.
What kind of end of the world will it be?
Road Warrior? 1984? Brave New World? Let's Visit the World of the Future?
Life After People?
That's all variable too, friends.
Is today your X Day?
Everyone's X Day?
Maybe the X Day of someone you haven't met yet or haven't killed yet?
This X equals Variable Day concept offers spiritual integrity to the notion that one may have a July 5th that isn't necessarily the conspiracy calendar's July 5th.
Like old Pogo noticing that Friday the 13th can happen on a Wednesday.
He was no fool.
We prefer the term subgenius.
Now, this also lets us off the hook, friends, for having to camp outdoors on the hottest day of the year.
And I think I covered all this in that Winter Star rant.
Yeah, I did.
I did.
So this weird year, we're going to hedge our bets and hold the X Day party where you are when you want it.
And you and you and you.
And you and you.
Yes, X Day in place for 2022.
If the saucers get to you first, remember the rest of us.
Yes, this is a desperate move.
But the alternative was to end time in the end times so that all moments would be equally distributed as 7 a.m.
But that sounded like too much work.
Thus, we are distributing and decentralizing X Day for one year only.
Maybe.
Anyway, X marks the spot.
Just to make sure you're synced up, do send in that number of bucks.
Re-up your membership and enter to win.
Win, win, win.
Big, big, big prizes to be announced.
Throw an insane party.
Put a big X on your forehead and hang out at the courthouse.
Take a photo of the weirdest thing you can possibly do and post it to the subgenius metaverse.
The story is this.
The subgenius who ruptures with the most slack wins.
No matter how it pans out, the Church of the Subgenius offers the best apocalypse.
In fact, the single most compelling reason to join the Church of the Subgenius is that you'll never be disappointed at its failure to deliver on impossible promises.
Praise Bob!
And see subgenius.com.
Oh, here's a little song.
I'll have to turn down the Empire Jazz Orchestra album out of the mix, missed from the mix.
Rue Mouse, the poor subgenius, had a very special brain.
All of the stupid normals laughed and labeled him insane.
Then one sudden X Day morning,
the X-Sys ships came back.
They wiped out all the human race so sub-gene I could have slack.
Oh, you better not laugh, you better just cry.
Death from space is in your skies.
Subgeniuses are cutting you down.
Praise Bob.
Ah-hew.
And good night.
