One, two, three, four.
One, two.
Your body is not you.
There is something genetic.
Yes, it's the curse.
Men, our greatest fear is realized.
We are under attack from superior consciousness.
The subgenius hour of slack.
Oh, I got a live one here.
Are you nuts?
That is just exactly what they want you to believe.
Run. Get out of here.
Save yourself.
It's too late.
Yes, it's the curse.
It's the curse.
There is a genetic interaction that makes that occur.
I don't think that it's environment.
They have done scientific studies with monkeys.
And they have been...
They have been able to drive monkeys to frenzy with music.
If you think that God won't get you, well, you're wrong.
God won't get you.
No, not really.
And still ahead, Mayor Koch's proposed relocation of the homeless, homeless, homeless to abandoned gay bathhouses.
Monkey.
Monkey.
Monkey.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Oh.
Well, we have to go.
I have to dedicate this hour of slack show, this hour of slack radio ministry, dear friends, to my guru, Terry Hoffman.
The Dallas Jam...
Jane Jones.
Jones, who showed me the Purple Realm.
And because of that, friends, this is going to be sort of a general insanity show.
As Terry showed me, death is just like life, only less of it.
And since I know that my case of the sniffles is probably going to kill me anyway,
I've gone ahead and willed my possessions and my radio show to Terry.
Terry. Oh, Terry.
I am Zeus, and she is Hera.
The Dark Overlords have singled me out for spiritual torture,
but yet she, my guru, will save me.
For I get messages from her, Marcus,
and Malathion, the pesticide,
who taught me how to harvest my energies,
and who sold me crystals.
And she hates Bob, and so I know she's right.
Frankly, my dear, was there much romance between the nurses and the doctors?
Quite a bit.
Nurses have always been...
a very good quote-unquote lay.
Oh, yes.
Are people getting stupider, or what?
We all know the answer to that.
I'm your baby, I'm your baby, I'm your baby, I'm your baby, I'm your baby, I'm your baby, I'm your baby.
We're number one! We're number one! We're number one! We're number one!
We're number one! We're number one! We're number one!
Good morning, Bob! Good morning, Bob!
I'm Mr. Moe!
Moscow, it's hand!
I'm here to ask the musical question!
Slackathon!
Slackathon!
Slackathon!
Slackathon!

Slackathon!
Dear friends, and...
Well, it's so good, so nice to be back.
This song, Slackathon, is by Dad's New Slacks, who actually have the other subgenius show in Portland, Maine.
And, in New York, New Jersey...
As you start your Amway business, it's important to realize that in addition to your sponsoring activities, the other key to your success will be consistent customer service.
Yep.
We'll be back in 20 minutes.
Yeah, what?
We can take a break now.
Okay.
They're gone.
I got all the checks here.
Is the commercial running?
Smith downstairs.
Yeah.
Okay, I got all the checks.
Okay.
The plane's waiting for us at the airport.
I got some of his tools too.
Good for you.
He took the check.
Yeah, that's right.
Okay, you got all the equipment in the truck?
Yeah, we're heading off to Dallas.
We're getting late.
Yeah, unless it's pretty good.
I want to melt him down.
Yeah, and we even took...
We even took Little Xandy's award.
Oh, makes me pee.
Makes me pee, but let's wait with the pee until we're on that plane.
I didn't get anything except a glass of warm Pepsi.
That's because of this case.
I didn't get anything except a glass of warm Pepsi.



I don't have anything except a glass of warm Pepsi.
You think it was really worth it, taking all that money,
taking all the foundation's money,
and trying to run away to the perfect planet?
Well, we better not get caught.
I hear those exes use real people to write their checks on.
It's true.
Look, there's one over there.
This is the crummiest spaceship I've ever been on.
It's all used.
Look at that water leaking right out onto your seat.
How much do these tickets cost, anyway?
How about $50,000?
I'll tell you, that planet better be more perfect than this ride.
Yeah, we listened to the stewardess.
Yeah, we wrote the plan.
He doesn't even speak English.
Good evening again, ladies and gentlemen.
This is your host for the next three hours of hard-asset rock music,
Dave Rabbit,
and my studio engineer, Pete Sadler.
For those of you who don't know me,
and for those of you who have just recently come into the Republic of Vietnam,
I'd like to give you a little information about it.
We're an underground radio station here,
and we say what we feel like saying,
and we bring the truth to the first-termers in the Republic of Vietnam.
Just say no to reality, kid.
You know, I'm a little kooky, as you may have heard,
and this is Mecca.
I sought solace in the printed page, quite frankly,
for I'm very interested in the world of literature,
but the trouble is that all this knowledge I've got hold of is useless.
See a CBS special on marijuana.
Get the habit.
Stay tuned to this channel.
Bob!
I feel as Bob!
And I feel respect!
Just say no to reality.
Am I the coolest or what?
Stop the music!
I'm back!
And look, Stoney's back with a surprise.
Ooh, what is it?
I've been wondering all day what the surprise is.
Haven't you, Clyde?
Uh, yup.
Follow me!
Uh, Stoney, don't you push to open that door?
Oh, yeah.
Are you all right, Stoney?
Normally, you're so cool.
Today, you're acting weird.
Never felt better in my whole life!
And it's all because of today's surprise.
Ta-da!
Is that marijuana?
Oh, yup.
Isn't that a drug?
Oh, yup.
Dotty, did you use that stuff?
Well, we've smoked cigarettes a few times, but never this.
You know, my parents said that if you start using drugs,
it can cause you all sorts of trouble.
Oh, Joey, chill out!
I've smoked a few of these already,
and they haven't bothered me at all!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!

Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, oh, yeah, oh, oh...
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh...
Think your children are as innocent as the new puppy next door?
They know something you don't know.
They know that their American forefathers took drugs,
and you probably don't even know where your father is.
Nerdy Classroom Films presents
Ben Franklin, Hero for Huffington.
I wanted the woods and the Indians to sleep with me,
but I was afraid of the cold and made them sleep outside.
So I never felt the touch of a warm, naked Indian,
or in a cold, naked forest.
Ben Franklin, the only president of the United States
who was never president of the United States.
Was he an early drug user?
Let's see.
He wrote of it in Poor Dick's Conspiracy in 1761,
while still inapprenticed.
Apprentice Bookmaker in Colonial Philadelphia.
So I betook me to the Hashfire Inn
for a secret caucus of the hotheads,
rebellious libertines all lusting for life and liberty.
The real George Washington brought the hemp
and all the evening players.
We quickly proceeded to get there on the hurdles,
and young Tom Everson goodly stretched by the hemp,
which smoked us all like Boston's scrot.
What a fetid fervor of freedom.
Let's have a revolution.
They took Larry Sam, the tax collector,
to which Big Ben replied,
Fine, Sam, then we can invite over a bunch of immigrants and make cars.
Yes, 1761, hemp kindled a fire of American history.
Oh, oh.
Nerdy clockwork films.
History.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.






Oh, oh.

Oh, oh.


Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Well, today Stoney brought us a big surprise.
Oh, I just love surprises.
You wouldn't have liked this one.
It was drugs.
Oh.
Drugs?
Drugs?
Oh, oh.
Did you try them?
Are you kidding?
Would you?
Yeah, no, but I'm not as cool as you.
Well, if that's what it takes to be cool,
and I guess I'm not.
You see, dear, drugs hurt your body.
But even worse, they make it so you can't even think straight.
Yuck!
Now, Stoney, these fell out of your pocket.
Uh, uh, uh, you talking to me?
Ha, ha, those aren't mine.
Give it a break, Stoney.
You know not only are drugs stupid,
not only do drugs hurt your mind and body,
but they're against the law, too.
You better come with me.
We'll pick up your parents on our way to the police station.
My parents?
My parents? The police?
Hey, wait, I forgot those were against the law.
I didn't think I'd get caught.
Come on, Officer Quartz, give me another chance.
I can't do that, Stoney.
You'll have to ask the judge.
Judge?
Oh, oh, man.
Now I wish I would have said no.
And now, the Flintstone kids welcome First Lady Nancy Reagan.
The music you've been waiting for is coming right up.
But first, I want you to know that when you say no to drugs, you're not alone.
Like Freddy and Wilma, thousands of children have formed Just Say No Clubs
and have pledged to...
to lead a drug-free life.
The Flintstone Kids
The Flintstone Kids
The Flintstone Kids
The Flintstone Kids
The Flintstone Kids

There's a lot more like that on the 20th of Nov.
We have as appetizer, Annette Funicello.
You remember her. She's the Mouseketeer that outgrew Mickey.
Here's a sample of how she cuts the cheese.
Oh, I can't do it.
Oh, darn it.
Now, you want to do it the other way?
This way.
Oh, darn it.
Can't you see that he's dead?
Wait a minute, Bob.
Late that Saturday night, before retiring, I took out the snapshot picture of the sailor
and studied it until I could close my eyes and see this man's face as though he was standing in front of me.
Then I laid the photograph aside and prepared to concentrate.
First, I sat in the reclining chair next to my bed and relaxed my physical body until I could forget it entirely.
This done, I withdrew my weight.
I took my conscious mind's attention from anything in the room and focused it on the mental image I had in my mind of the sailor.
I spoke to him by name.
I said out loud in the privacy of my room,
Bill Yonker.
I love you.
I like to do this. I feel like Ann Landers.
It's kind of, you know, nice and sweet and tender and nice and...
Oh, God.
Go, go, go with a smile.
I'm a sailor.

I'm a sailor.

Well, it's a result of long practice, young man.
You'll find when you're my age that once you're pole vault on that thing, it kind of wears the tip off.
I heard that.
Look at these nurses. They're laughing at me.
Many of the people... People always laughed at me as a prophet.
However, many of the people that laughed at me yesterday are not laughing as loudly today.
And it doesn't sound like good, clean laughter to me.
Sounds somewhat salacious.
Now we hear the ultimate orgiastic organ music of Flat Waller on Jupiter and his rubber band.
Yes, it seems she can't get enough of the outhouse or the inhouse.
Or, I guess, Jane or Hyperthrates here on the show.
Jane or's crack house with the lovable puppets like Junkie.
Sammy the submachine gun.
Copper.
Is Jane or's crack house an automated segment of the program that we could just put on automatic pilot?
Well, it's right there.
Well, we haven't written...
It's on automatic pilot. The rocket away is right there.
Oh, all right. I'll just go on.
And we'll just kind of back and forth it for the moment.
Well, I haven't written it yet.
Okay, well, we haven't written what I'm saying right now yet.
Excuse me. Excuse me. I'm sorry.
Oh, excuse me. I'm not...
Excuse me. Excuse me.
I just can't...
Excuse me.
Yeah, Doug, I'm thinking about taking a break, too.
Okay.
I mean, I mean, puzzling evidence.
There. Oh, thank you. Thank you.
I didn't mean to call you Doug.
I really do that, huh?
Well, I'm really glad to hear it.
All the audience is all falling around the floor now.
They don't care about the whole image.
On shore, the people seem to be greatly excited.
So was I.
To eat?
No way.
They were dressed scantily as people are everywhere at the beach.
But they jab it in a language I knew I would never understand.
Oh, forget it.
Okay, I've got a test.
I've got a test.
Now, I'd like to hear the answers to this test, okay?
Be ready at the end of the test.
It's kind of a...
It's a couple...
It's best...
Huh?
What?
The answer is golden lake.
No, no, no.
This is a real tricky test.
This isn't one of those trick tests or trick...
This is even trickier than that.
Okay.
Tick, tick.

Tick, tick.
Tick, tick.









Test 999.
This is the lies personality profile test.
You're the first ones to hear this.
You are...
Okay, test.
You are involved with a religious cult.
You founded the cult as a means of critiquing organized religion with the idea that it would
only exist on paper.
It started out as a joke at first but soon turned serious as thousands of pathetic individuals
began to cling to you and your close friends for support and comfort.
The head of your cult is not even real.
You made him up but nobody around you seems to believe it.
More and more people join your cult every day but you never seem to have any money to
show for all the work you now find yourself burdened with.
Your friends promise riches and wealth for any who join and your recruits demand their
due from you even though they have no idea who any of them are or what they...
Even though you have no idea who any of them are or what they are like.
You go to a lawyer to seek copyright and liability protection for your joke cult but are instead
informed that you now have a lawyer.
You have a legal obligation to deliver on all the promises your friends made to the
cult members or face fraud charges.
In addition, you are now responsible for any official church activity taken by members
even if you are unaware of said activities.
The IRS now notices you and, since you are not an officially tax-exempt church, demands
an audit of your cult finances.
You are driving to the post office in a distraught state of mind to pick up even more applications
for membership.
You are not paying attention when a middle-aged man in a business suit steps out from between
two parked cars.
Just before you hit him, you notice, or seem to think you notice, that this man looks identical
to the fictional figurehead of your cult.
You feel your car run over the man.
What do you do?
Back up over at him!
The way I see it, Bob...
Somebody has to be the Antichrist.
Why not me?
All you do is put your body into an ice chip and serve on a date with your uncle Christ.
That's like Americanity to me.
Drive back over him.
No, what you do is you scoop him up into an ice chip...
You save him and you make pork chops out of his dead meat.
I haven't killed Bob since long before.
I last wanted to.
I'm going to skin him and make him into a rug.
The ultimate hamburger.
A nice suit.
A nice leather suit.
Did the subgenius foundation ground Bob up and make him into the ultimate hamburger?
Yes, they do.
I'm going to make him into the ultimate hamburger.
I'm going to make him into the ultimate hamburger.
Later, damnit.
Oh, hey, whoa.
I'm going to make him into the ultimate hamburger.
I'm going to make him into the ultimate hamburger.
Excuse me.
I have a feeling there are times when he sees it that way.
And this is not the jump in hell anyway.
It's just that when I turn off the van, I can hear the sound of a car.
It makes me cough.
Everybody breaks down.
It's almost as if...
We are...
Lost Souls Incorporated.
Lost Souls Incorporated.
Bobby Wobby sat on the wall.
Bobby Wobby had a great fall.
A list of geniuses, horses, and men couldn't put Bobby Wobby back together again.
Well, I think we've sort of degenerated.
And, uh, decayed down into the proper, uh, frame of mind.
But for what?
Pills!
Pills! Pills! Pills and froth!
Give him, give him, give him!
Oh, you think you want the pills and froth, do you?
Pills!
He actually said he wants the pills!
The young man wants the pills!
Should we give him the pills?
No!
Give him half a pill.
He'll find out what it is.
They want to see the pills.
Don't you?
You want to see the pills, don't you?
This is just like pornography.
I'm sweating for pills.
I'm just sweating for pills.
It's just like pornography.
It's like you're gonna sit there and beat off while we give this guy the pills.
Go into it!
I'm not gonna do it.
You want to plant the pills in a mountain excrement, make him buy the excrement, make him buy the shovel, and make him dig for his pills.
How much have we said?
He's musking for pills.
I'm talking about, have you said anything wrong?
Keep bustin'.
And where, and where is the Batman?
What would you like to know?
We won't tell you now.
Why can't we tell you about this, Franky?
No, Bob, it's not the answer.
But even if we did tell you, how the fuck it up?
This cult is the only one in the program that's called zombies.
It fills the hole it's left behind by Frank's cells.
You destroy it.
You didn't see them anyway.
When you join this exalted order of swimmers, blasphemers, and true believers,
we'll study time control and memory.
We'll know the technique until even you will be free to pull the wool over your own eyes and relax in the safety of your own delusions.
Believe or die.
Uncontrolled thinking, controlled findings will usher in a spiritual rebirth and cascade of astounding riches and power to those in the know.
While billions of disturbing conspiracy dooms cry and tell on Earth.
Mr. Reagan thinks there should be more religion in this country.
Well, then we got a religion for him.
We can't subject this young man to the pills for less than 50 cents a viewer.
And you're gonna have to wait around for eight and a half hours before the pills come on.
I was struck by the spirit of Bob, and I am purchasing.
Burn it! Burn it! Burn it! Burn it! Burn it! Burn it!
Burn it! Burn it! Burn it!
Oh, when you wanna burn it, that's when we can't!
For Christ's sake!
H5.
H7.
Pretty nasty, ain't it?
Well, what you been listening to?
For the last half hour here on the Subgenius Radio Ministry,
Hour of Slack has been a general collage
by St. Byron Werner.
Puzzling evidence.
Dr. Philo Drummond.
The Firesign Theater, little bits of that.
Paul.
Paul, what does that mean?
Paul Mabridis?
Michael Townsend from the
Portland...
Portland, Maine.
Subgenius show.
He did the songs there.
The songs you've been hearing.
The evil, that's right, stony
routine there.
Eeeez.
Ah, what else?
Yeah, the Subgenius Fantasy Fair
revival.
Three, four, five, six weeks ago.
And some...
material from the Rat Cave Subgenius Show
in Richmond, Virginia.
Old Rat Cave.
What's coming up will be much of the same,
plus the collages from WHRW Radio
and St. Louis' Brain Sandwich Show.
But, ah...
I know you wanna know what's coming in your future,
dear friends.
I know you wanna know the prediction.
I know you wanna know the predictions for the New Year as well.
Well...
Aborigines.
What?
Aborigines.
I, Draco, King of the Dragonmen,
Master of the Heavens,
from this moment on,
shall rule over the cave!
Your fate is here.
It was at this point that the hypnotist made the decision to take his subject over the hump.
He decided, that is, to find out whether Ruth Simmons,
in deep hypnosis,
might possibly be conscious of events
which had taken place even before her birth.
As a preliminary step just prior to the prenatal regression,
the subject was once more directed to see scenes which had taken place in infancy.
The hypnotist asked her to recall some scene which had taken place at the age of six,
then at the age of five,
and then at four,
three,
two,
and one.
Now, to continue with the tape recording.
I woke up in the hotel lobby,
the smell heavy and calm holding me,
holding a different body molded to the leather chair.
I was sick, but not needle sick.
This was black smoke gin.
The sailor, still sleeping.
He looked very young under a wispy mustache.
I woke him up and he looked around with slow, hydraulic control.
His eyes, unbluffed, unreadable.
Let's make the street.
I'm thin.
I'm thin.
And I believe that the day we come to the closing of this dispensation,
we're going to see, get ready,
what I'm talking to you about today is the most up to date thing that I could talk to you about.
We're living in the closing moments of this dispensation.
Our favorite area for clairvoyance has always been in the field of science and medicine.
The amazing predictions of such men as Jules Verne and Osterdamers
have left succeeding generations dismayed.
Morris Woodruff has been consulted by many of the most outstanding popular figures of today.
Many whose names we are not at liberty to reveal.
A few, such as Leslie Howard, who have failed to take heed, have suffered.
It is a simple matter of the printed record.
And now, here are my predictions.
Listen.
Listen carefully.
Join me in knowing the headlines of tomorrow, today.
Listen now to the headlines you will be reading in the coming, pre-published,
prediction period.
School built on sweet potato pie.
Gee, that's a headline.
We don't report the news, we write it.
And next thing I know, they have trapped a gray flannel suit on me,
and I am sent to this school in Washington to learn how this writing the news before it happens is done.
I saw that as the Mayan caper with an IBM machine,
I don't want to be caught short in a gray flannel suit when the lid blows off.
So the district supervisor calls me in and puts the old white schmaltz down on me.
Now kid, what are you doing over there with the niggers and the apes?
Why don't you straighten out and act like a white man?
After all, they're only human cattle.
You know that yourself.
Hate to see a bright young man fuck up and get off on the wrong track.
Sure, it happens to all of us one time or another.

Why, the man who went on to invent shitola was sitting right where you're sitting now
25 years ago when I was saying the same things to him.
Well, he straightened out the way you're gonna straighten out.
You can't deny your blood, kid.
You're white, white, white.
My boy Bob
My boy Bob
My boy, my boy, my boy Bob
hahahaha
hahahaha
hahahaha
hahahaha
hahahaha
This ought to bring in the crowds alright.
ahh!
ah
oh
oh
my friend you're the best.
You have given the devil a complete victory.
I want to die.
It's not a good omen when Goldfish commits suicide.
Your life is over.
So is mine.
Well, once they get past that spiral drive...
It's so dizzy.
Yeah, they don't know.
And then there was another car backing out.
So the car waiting to get in that space was blocking the ramp, so I couldn't get up.
I had to get out and yell at some Chinese guy for a while.
Yeah, I called him a gook, okay?
Merry Christmas.
Woo, woo.
Woo, woo.
Ah, ah, ah.
He's really freaking out.
Yuck.
Yuck.
Yuck.
Yuck.
Yuck.

Yuck.
Yuck.
What is running those machines? Jump in, Jigger! It's the Dragon Man!
It must be 20 feet long by 10 feet high.
You shall die!
Wow, that was close. He's a walking flamethrower.
Uh-oh, here come a few of Draco's pretty boys.
He'll get you, pretty boy.
You know what's coming up for you in 1990, dear friends?
I'm afraid it ain't a pretty, pretty sight.
Not what you're used to.
According to the word of Dobbs in the Book of the Subgenius,
Chapter 12, Dateline for Dominance,
1990, civilized people losing faith in modern medicine.
Traveling medicine shows hawking wonders.
Drugs, miracle cures.
Psychic healing, frequently seen around shopping malls.
Synthetic food wars.
Horse, cat, dog, and rat meat sold openly all over U.S.
Cannibalism practiced in rural areas.
Roach excrement processed and packaged as diet supplement.
Brazil invades United States, driven back by civilian armies.
After government...
Military forces fail.
Where do we run?
Where do we run?
Atlantis rises from the middle of Kansas.
Ancient Dobbs heads found carved into the ruins.
Apparent prediction of Bob over 8,000 years ago.
Gangland-styled wars between Christian sects.
All following different false jesi.
The Greatest of the Greatest.
The Greatest of the Greatest.
The Greatest of the Greatest.
Common cold, cured by magic spells.
Foundation scientists...
Subgenius Foundation scientists, after cracking DNA's code within the code, develop...
...instant mutation process.
A slightly risky method of producing homemade overmen, which will attract many teenagers
into the church of the subgenius.
Crashed UFOs.



Crashed UFOs.
Recovered from Bermuda Triangle by anonymous Fort Worth millionaire provides undeniable proof of space conspiracy.
By this time, over 60% of adult Americans have been abducted by UFOs.
Anti-family movement, although starting to lose ground to subgenius, is still powerful enough to make bestiality a P.E. option in many public school systems.
Anti-family movement, although starting to lose ground to subgenius, is still powerful enough to make bestiality a P.E. option in many public school systems.
Attempts to make adultery mandatory- fails as Bill is blocked by Bob, directed Senate subcommittee.
Add last Philly's
gains admiration of the world through military triumphs.
Oddly, Bob himself throws his support behind the anti-Bob.
Other predictions friends, earthquakes in every corner of the globe, a Vatican move
to Mexico City, Bob will control all major TV networks plus ITT, Summa Corporation, Texas
Instruments, General Dynamics, McDonnell Douglas, Ekankar, Ford, McGraw Hill, Simon & Schuster,
General Motors, and Texaco.
Polygamy legalized in the US due to Dobbs influence.
Think it sounds good?
Boy, if you've got another thing coming.
Don't trust anybody, don't trust me, don't trust children with scabs on their knees,
don't trust people living in jail, don't trust a woman with a big fat tail.
I shouldn't have to tell you that people will rant, like that old saying about a bird
and a cow.
Don't trust beggars, don't trust thieves, don't trust people with green on their teeth,
don't trust men in a barber shop, don't trust the fat man with the flag at the top.
When you're not there and not behind your back, I like to stick them in the brain with
a carpet tie.
Don't trust teachers, don't trust you, don't trust babies that say, pick a boo, don't
trust the folks known as Ma and Pa, don't trust a girl wearing her sister's bra.
Stay at home and don't talk on the phone.
Don't look at me.

I'm not the one to rant, big or no.
Dear friends, that was Bad Boy Billy Batson.
Yeah, you know occasionally we like to play you some spaz singing.
I mean singing by spaz sticks.
And Bad Boy Billy Batson definitely qualifies for that.
In fact I've got another song by him called Donna Epps.
To me, spaz singing, you know it's a small genre but it's the true folk music really.
Sorta like Nirvana Dave, the guy that was ranting at our most recent revival, heard
in the background sometimes tonight.
And me, for that matter.
You know, there's old Gray in her dove winged hat.
There's old Green in her sewing machine.
Where's the Bob in it?
Well here's Bad Boy Billy Batson.
He loves Donna Epps and I think this is a sincere song.
And this is my new musical hero for him.
She smokes a lot, starts with cigarettes and throws a pack on the ground.
I slip it in my pocket when no one else is around.
She walks away like a goddess out of a dream.
I'm covered up in a black dress.


I'm stuck by a wall of a plastic screen.
To never have a seen another like beside all this old tree girl.
She's got to be the night wonder of the entire world.
I don't need nobody else.
Cause I love a girl named Donna Epps.
I start to melt when I look in her eyes.
If I can't have the rock of me life.


Suicide
I don't need nobody
Helps cause I love a girl
Named Donna Helps
Nobody
Helps
Just Donna Helps
Are you still listening friends?
She comes to hell and drops her strands on the ground
I slip it in my pocket when no one else is around
Exposing my two colors not knowing how she'll react
It might give off negative vibes and I couldn't handle that
My heart's like a volcano that's about to burst
She could give some beauty tips to Miss Universe
I don't need nobody else
Cause I love a girl named Donna Helps
I start to melt when I look in her eyes
If I can't ever rock them it's suicide
I don't need nobody else
Cause I love a girl named Donna Helps
Nobody
Helps
Just Donna Helps
Nobody
She puts a piece of gum in her mouth And throws a wrapper on the ground
I slip it in my pocket when no one else is around
Watching her as she walks away drifting far from me
Wanting to take her in my arms and love her passionately
Words will never express my love so true
She could send a perfect message to me
I'm taking back to beauty school
I don't need nobody else
Cause I love a girl named Donna Helps
I start to melt when I look in her eyes
If I can't ever rock them it's suicide
I don't need nobody else
Cause I love a girl named Donna Helps
Nobody
Helps



I don't need nobody else
Just Donna Helps

Just Donna Helps
Don't you love it dear friends
Bad Boy Billy Batson
A great new subgenius
We probably won't be playing that many songs by Bad Boy Billy Batson but man I know that you're glad to have that one in your collection
Uh can I speak to Jesse?
Yeah one second
This is bad boy Billy on the phone, in fact.
Not Tim with a T, Jim with a J.
Huh?
Bowie?
You don't know me?
You don't?
What you up to?
You working?
Really?
I just thought I'd call you.
Working hard?
You don't know me?
How come?
You still love me?
Love?
You still my baby?
You don't know me?
I just talked to you, you know?
This is how a real subgenius makes a date, friends.
I want you to listen close, you know, make notes of that.
This is a special privilege for me to share with you via this tape.
Yeah, me too.
As I travel around the country and participate in the biblical counseling movement,
I find that people have a lot of questions that they ask about biblical counseling.
And one of the things that we want to do in this particular tape is to...
One evening I was walking along Hollywood Boulevard.
Nothing much to do.
I stopped and looked in the window.
I saw a stationary shop.
I went into a Five and Dime to get a root beer.
To make me feel better, he offered a free root beer.
I said,
No, thank you.
And cried out,
Praise God.
The devil is on earth.
And doing his work beautifully.
Oh my.
We've been listening in for so long.
We've got six major utiliseFT花out.
My periodic
We are attempting to reattach...
Anyway, like we were saying, we've never been cruel to colleagues.
Come on, yeah.
Everybody calm down now.
Take a stress pill and relax.
I think you should take a stress pill, Dave.
We could get in a lot of trouble for this. Be quiet.
Live! Live!
It's rather like opening a tin of sardines.
But you know, there's always a little piece in the corner you can't get out.
Open, sir.
Everyone, this is getting out of control.
This is a little bit too disorganized, too noisy.
Wonderful!
The lady came in and asked us to be quiet so they could hear the filk singers in the other room.
I'm feeling the luck plane crash!
No survivors!
Let's have an anti-filk song.
Bob's gonna kill the elves.
Bob's gonna kill the hobbits too.
The unicorns.
The Mr. Spocks.
He'll kill everything.
The mother filkers.
Also pet rocks.
He'll kill the unicorns.
He'll kill the care bears.
He'll kill all who rival his sales.
He'll kill Captain Picard.
Captain Kirk too.
He'll kill Sulu.
He'll kill Uhura too.
He'll kill the Enterprise.
He'll kill D&D.
He'll drag Gygax by a hank of his hair.
He'll kill the Batman.
He'll kill the Batman.
We should make fun of those nice people who come to these conventions and pay money to enjoy the nice fantasy that takes them away from their world of no girlfriends or boyfriends.
Of total loneliness.
Of thinking they're ugly.
Of not having a girlfriend.
Of not having enough money.
Of being overweight or too skinny or having bad skin.
Or not having a good job.
Or having to worry about the murder of the president of Lebanon.
Or the horrible deaths of the subgenius priests in El Salvador.
China.
The Chinese.
The starving minions.
It's a bummer, man.
It's a bummer.
It's a bummer.
It's a bummer.
It's a bummer.
It's a bummer.
It's a bummer.
It's a bummer.
It's a bummer.
It's a bummer.
And it's a bummer.
It is a bummer.
It is a bummer.
And it's a bummer.
It's a bummer.


We listened.
That's enough.



It's all bullshit.

Look at how long you guys sifted around.
Man, when I was able to socialize, I was always out on the streets,ミ chaudductge
that I res karmao up agar igor.
Look out!
Look out!
Look at how I looked at that?
Look at how I looked at papa tonesio!
Look at my bra metal.
Look at that mini nose now showing how faqз he is.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, I wanna bust that body, oh yeah, oh yeah, I wanna bust that body right.
Which means that these tape recordings I'm making are for the sake of future history, if any.
Dr. Christian Barnard, prominent heart surgeon, is here to address a medical convention about his now famous rear transplant.
My boy, my boy, my boy Bob, my boy Bob.
At first they didn't take you seriously, good.
Then they began to be frightened, good.
They kept their opinions to themselves, good.
They stopped joining clubs, good.
They informed on their friends, good.
But you went on and on and on.
Now they're beginning to ask themselves, maybe I'm next.
Where will it lead to?
Nowhere.
Hi, doctor.
Doctor!
No, doctor, I beg you.
Does this hurt?
Does this hurt?
No!
Doctor, doctor, please.
No, wait, can you wait just a moment?
Here, just relax.
No, don't.
Doctor, would you wait just a moment?
Just relax.
I have something to tell you.
I don't think we should go on today.
I think you're too upset.
Doctor, doctor, please.
Doctor, doctor, I didn't mean it that way.
Doctor, listen to me.
You, my friend, are nothing but a freak.
Oh, Dad!
Dad!
Mr. Parker.
Huh?
Suddenly, Professor, you interest me.
I just can't stop throwing up.
I can't stop throwing up.
Oh, Bill!
Leave him.
Quick, buddy.
So when are we going to smoke that dollar bill?
It depends on how much you want.
Yeah, that's a shame.
I mean, it didn't come out before he died.
God.
Oh, we were talking about the other member of our band.
Oh, yeah, the drummer that...
No, no, no, no, no.
The one that fired...
Well, there's two other members.
But don't say, think back, you might not be listening.
He blew up on stage.
I mean, he exploded.
How did he do that exactly?
Head-launching.
Yeah, it was like a head-launching, but with nine irons and stiff woods, you know, like
it should have been done.
Okay, I...
He likes to play Russian roulette with a .45 on break.
But, you know, it's a bummer.
It really is a bummer.
I'm not here to make a profit.
I'm here to beat you.
I'm here to beat you, prophet.
I want to turn everybody on.
I quit.
You do.
Oh, friends, what you've been waiting for.
The Swingin' Love Corps is doing Paranoid by Black Sabbath.
Can you feel the damage, Frank?
Bring it to Jersey.
Oh, yeah.
I have a plan for the has-been










Yes friends, and you can write for free information from the Church of the Subgenius.
I need someone to show me the things in life that I can't find.
I can see the things that make you happy, so I can be like you.
And you can find those things at the post office box number that I'm about to give.
I'm giving you all some time to get your little piece of paper, your napkin, and your pencil ready.
Before I give you that number to which you can write and say,
Bob, send me free information, just free stuff, that's all I need.
Because I'm seeking.
I am here with love and I will try.
Happiness I cannot feel and look at me is so unreal.
I know as you hear these words telling you now,
I tell you to enjoy life.
I wish I could.
But it's too late.
It's too late.
Oh, thanks, Dr. Drummond.
Can you believe that's Dr. Milo Drummond?
Dear friends, you can write to Bob at P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again, just slide that letter out of your front pocket into the mailbox.
Address to Bob.
Bob.
140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Hello out there in radio land.
Trail here with a few words to the wise.
And especially the stupids who need it.
Election day is approaching.
Your opportunity to guide this great nation's future.
No doubt you've all heard the hype to do your civic duty and go vote.
But that's a bunch of baloney.
It takes far more than just showing up to flip a lever.
In fact, my papa always said, never vote for a man unless you know his middle name.
Well, he said other things too.
But the point is, you need to study both candidates and learn both sides of the issues.
From sources other than the boob tube.
Now if that's too much trouble, do your country a favor and don't vote.
After all, America needs intelligent leadership, not mass mediocrity.
So do your homework for your homeland.
And be prepared for election 88.
Learn before you turn that level.
And keep America safe from dumb-mocracy.
The American Dream
Jim, you said nobody's perfect.
I said I wasn't perfect.
Where was I?
My apologies.
25th of December, Mr. President.
I agree. I agree.
This is Data Bull by Michael Townsend.
Well, he can have another ten seconds if he wants to.
I'd hope this had been a little friendlier in the evening.
I'd wanted to hitchhike a ride home in his tank with him, but I think now we're, uh, we got the lines too carefully drawn here.
Well, when it comes to ridicule, George, you win a gold medal. I think we can agree on that.
I think we can agree on that.
I think we can agree on that.
But did I, uh, did I sense a desire that maybe Lloyd Benson ought to be your running mate?
You said that three people on your ticket?
No, I think the debate ought to be between you and I.
Gentlemen, I was given some bad word a moment ago. There is time for one more question.
I'll miss fail.
Woo!
You ever dance with the devil in the pale moonlight?
No.
I always ask that of all my prey. I just like the sound of it.
That was Debatable by Michael Townsend from the, uh, Portland, Maine area.
Yeah.
One, two.
I would be a happy little soul.
I would be a happy little soul.
Ladies and gentlemen, the President of the United States.
Mr. Clean, Mr. Clean, Mr. Clean.
Oh, boy.
No, no, Mrs. Tucker, everything will be okay.
Oh, but you don't understand. I've just got to have this job.
Well, I'll go over your application again and let you know.
Oh.
Most Americans think that the typical person on welfare is a lazy, promiscuous woman
who has gone out and acquired, uh, seven, eight, nine children in order to, uh, avoid working.
That she is living it up, that she has stakes in the freezer, that she might even have a very nice automobile,
perhaps even a Cadillac parked out behind the housing project.
There are those, and they will go unnamed here, who sit back and see our success,
and they try to peddle the tired, old cliché that helping the economy means helping the rich.
Basically, I want to see Reagan get sent to the men's shelter in the Bowery,
so they know what it's like to be poor.
