Uh, well, we're still at the X-Day Drill.
We decided not to leave.
Your brother's proposal states
I'm coming with advanced knowledge
to help human race!
Bob will save all true believers, though, in 1998, right?
Actually, Bob, you better hope that Bob does some wheeling and dealing
for your soul come 1998.
He is the salesman of the universe here to make sure that Earth
and your soul does not get sold to the robot mutilators.
At least for not too low a price.
So you better read that book with all three eyes
or however many you have left.
And, uh...
Leave the driving to Bob.
That's right. You do the walking, let Bob do the talking.
Who are these men from Planet X, children?
What is waiting there for me?
Bob.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry
Hour of Slack
sponsored by
the Church of the Subgenius.
I love you.
I love you.

Friend, the Elder Gods have been sleeping,
but they're waking up.
And you gotta find that word of Bob before it's too late.
Before 1998, July 5th, the end of the world,
the end of time as we know it.
When the very, the very...
The score is racked up.
The score is racked up, and it's the time of the halftime.
Yes, sir.
We just won't have a chance.
They'll be able to have their ways with us.
You've heard about the smallpox blankets in the Indianapolis?



The Indians, you know, well, this is gonna be
technological viral infectational of an entire planet
with means of doing things, and means of destruction,
means of alteration of genetic patterns,
means of controlling people's minds that we don't even,
to us it's magic.
Any significantly advanced form of science becomes magic.
If that smoke comes out of Bob's pipe no more,
then we shall be reduced to that can of warm beer
under the bed of a hungover elder god at 1130 on a Sunday morning.





Bob is here to make sure that instead of it being the end of the world,
it's the end of their world, and the new...
Oh, yeah.
New Jerusalem.
New Jerusalem where slack begins.
Yes, the streets will be paved with slack.
Slack will drop gently from the sky.
Slack will ooze out of the pores of the faithful.
The tribulation money will fall from the flying saucers.
Yes, we'll all be floating around with those little green rays coming out of our feet.
That's why we...
We...
We have slack.
That's why we tell the public to throw their money away.
It's no good.
It's going to be...
Currency is just going to be flying down from flying saucers in a few years anyway.
Or give it to Bob.
Or give it to Bob.
You give it to Bob while it's still good.
You cash in that money while it's still good.
Because they're going to be...
See, people are just going to be bringing all their money to Bob
when the end of the world is upon us.
It's going to be too late because money won't be worth anything.
When those tribulation times come down, that subgenius pamphlet,
especially if you've got a white copy.
Now, if you've got a white copy and a brown copy, it's a little bit of difference,
but they're both worth more
than a bundle of thousand dollar treasury bills a foot high.
There will be people trading paragraphs of that pamphlet
for boxcars full of food.
You think it will replace currency.
Bob will replace drugs, religion, rock music, and everything
in a great paradise of unrestrained sales, unrestrained slack and sex.
And if you have any drug users in your audience,
we should note that the book of the subgenius we found in a book
that was conducted in Austin recently,
that if adulterated street drugs are thrown on top of the cover,
all of the non-narcotic qualities are completely erased
and indicated as negative and destroyed.
All impurities are removed, giving you that 1% of pure that you paid for
out of whatever it was that you...
By the way...
That's better than pyramid power.
Yes, much better than pyramid power.
I'd like to say those...
Because it's in a plane rather than going to a point.
Book of the subgenius. That's it.
Book of the subgenius.
Book of the subgenius...
The man becomes a fellow everyone knows.
Bob.
Bob!
Bob.
Yes, Bob?
Say, man, that is one strange dude.
That's Bob.
One strange dude.
I think Bob is just the guy with the pipe.
Oh, that's crazy talk.
But friends, you know our critics have some people worrying now and then
that the church might become corrupt.
The Church of the Subgenius might become corrupted by the conspiracy,
and there'd have to be a replacement for it.
Friends, I tell you, we don't have to worry about that.
Because the true Church, the true Church of the Subgenius is going to be up in the saucers.
The pinks won't have to worry about even seeing the subgeniuses again.
There'll be all kinds of cheap cults and spin-offs left behind,
just like the cargo cults among the last mutated remnants of humanity.
And also there'll be subgeniuses left behind,
the subgeniuses who didn't think they really needed that $20 membership card.
Did we just have a power failure?
I believe we did.
Yeah, those who...
Yeah.
Yeah, those who, as I was saying,
excuse me, friends, we're having serious, strange poltergeist effects in here as the lights flicker on and off.
Yeah, anyway, there'll be some subgeniuses left behind,
the ones who didn't think they needed that $20 membership card,
the ones who tattooed Bob's face all over their whole bodies,
the ones who put, they might have put Bob on national TV,
or they might have donated their whole estate to us, but they never sent.
They never sent their $20.
Now, it might be confusing a bit to those left behind after the rupture,
because the rupture happens for different people in different ways.
A lot of subgeniuses, when they undergo the rupture,
watch, the people standing around and back on Earth,
it looks like a burning monk or spontaneous combustion.
They just burst into flames and scream and scream.
It's the most horrible.
It's the most horrible, painful-looking thing in the world.
But of course, that, friends, that's just the image.
That's just sort of the hologram, the body being left behind, just the shell.
Because on next day, when you are ruptured, no matter how it looks, you know,
your youthful, perfect body is being recreated on the vessels of the sex goddesses,
and a thousand clones of kitten on TV dot are gonna...
Well, I...
Friends, when you're ruptured, you're not going to be able to see the world.
There's no way you're going to see the world.

And you're going to see the world when you get on that escape vessel.
Every person you ever had a crush on since elementary school is going to be there ready to have sex with you.
Either that or else, simulacra of those people.
It might as well be the same, because the sex goddesses you see can change their form completely and totally.
First, you'll...
They'll be the...
Say, the girl you had a crush on in first grade,
well, now she's at a point, you know, she's at a point, you know, she's at a point of death,
perfect she's perfect and healthy at age 25 of course you know and but and when when she leaves
why in walks the girl you had a crush on in second grade or um or here's that that boy you had a
crush on when you were 13 and he almost kissed you but now he's gonna do it and he's still wearing
the same clothes that he did at the prom or that milkman or babysitter that you lusted after they'll
all be there the sex goddesses tap your mind it's not really people it's part of the the womb
system the a biomorphic toy that conforms to the fleshly configurations to satisfy any kind of lust
you might have and they can pre-guess what you're about to think friends they can sense a desire
percolating up in your mind and just for instance just a few seconds before you you think of it
that zap
comic that you always wanted to read a second time what just happens to be over there in the pile
and you and you look back and you think man this is this is great if only i had a frock stick
well here's a frock stick because mom and the biomorphs and the sex goddesses can anticipate
your every wish they can whiff a desire coming on and you'll think now if i could just um meet up
with that that haughty librarian at that one college and i could just meet up with that
haughty librarian at that one college i went to while i'm reading this comic and sure enough
and she comes through the door well if only she'd dance you think oh if only she had a small whip
and it happens as you think about it there's no limit no limit at all and the old if only she'd
give me a ham sandwich first oh yes now i'm and you'll sit there and think to yourself
you know i can't believe there was a time when i wondered if it was worth the 20 bucks
you're sitting there eating the hell out of that ham sandwich getting a scarf job from that
biomorph watching widescreen color tv elvis movies and thinking how could i ever have wondered how
could i ever have doubted bob for a second and and to think of poor bubba my brother bubba back
there on earth the guy that said hell send them 20 that's just what they want you to do i'll pump
gas for 238 an hour the rest of my life
before i'd send a dollar to that damn sub gum church oh yeah well it's hard times for bubba now
friends yeah just when you're thinking about old bubba the one that didn't didn't want to join the
church well the tv on the escape vessel in front of you lights up and there's this shot of bubba
down there eating a rotten rat and hiding from the death machines that the rogue pinks made from
the stolen womb of
hearts and he'll bub bubble be down there muttering to himself how could i do it i was so stupid i
could have been saved but no i i didn't send my 20 oh god here comes another rogue beast and here
here i am in this pest festering pile of rat wasted dead people and stripped bare skulls if
if only i could die if only i could die but i can't i can't wife if only bob was here now i'd
give him my 20 dollars
i'd give him 40 dollars i'd give you everything i own bob please
well friends that just shows how much they trusted bob they did they didn't trust bob
dobbs didn't trust him 20 dollars worth okay fine fine no skin off our teeth pay lip service wear
that bob t-shirt be real hip but when those saucers come well you're either on the bus or
you're off the bus you're on the bus you're on the bus you're on the bus you're on the bus you're
off the bus you're up the bus as those great proto sub geni used to say and the dumbest nerd could
get on the bus for 20 bucks well actually those 20 dollars don't count their souls go into the
cylinders that we trade for but they should be proud that their souls such as they are at least
made it possible for their betters to ride the escape vessels of the sex goddesses
and there'll be an orientation film that they'll show you when you're ruptured up you
because otherwise it might be kind of confusing.
This orientation film is kind of projected into your head.
It's introduced by Princess We Are Doe,
queen of all the UFOs,
who's sort of this half-naked Flash Gordon
slash Viking Brunhilde
with metal pointed breastplates
and a horned helmet
and all this UFO insignia or anything.
And she is the mistress of the path of least resistance.
And she narrates this film.
And it's like,
you will hear and obey.
Take off your clothes.
And you can either watch the orientation film
or you can watch the live broadcast of X-Day.
Or you can just go back to having your fun
with the different simulacra
and sex goddesses and so forth.
And actually,
now, of course,
your sweetheart's going to be doing the same thing too.
But because it's on those spaceships
inside the escape vessels,
there's no time and no sense of jealousy.
You'll always...
It's like there's no sense of possessiveness
because in that no zone of the saucers,
time ceases to exist,
or at least it feels that way.
And you don't need to be grasped.
You don't need to be gripping anymore like you did on Earth.
The overwhelming feeling that you get on the escape vessels is like,
wow, the best part is it lasts as long as I want it to.
And I can take forever.
I'm immortal for now.
And I don't have the urge to grab this and keep it
so I can run somewhere else to grab some other thing.
I don't have to kill or defeat another monkey man
to hang on to these big round soft things.
I'll have plenty of time to get...
to those other big soft round things.
More than I could ever use.
My pipe overfloweth.
And the big round soft things
shall follow me through the land of Dobbs
and I will dwell in the cliff in between forever.
It's like, oh, how were your multiple partners today, dear?
Oh, big and round and soft.
Ah, yes.
And there's...
People ask so many questions.
I say, well,
well, Reverend Stang, is there just one giant saucer
or is it a bunch of regional saucers, you know,
like an East Coast saucer and a West Coast saucer?
No, there's a million kinds of saucers, friends,
but it's like virtual reality.
Once you're inside one of them, you might as well be in all of them.
You might as well be on Planet X.
You're not in normal space.
You can sort of phase to the other saucers
or find your friends telepathically.
You can go, oh, I think I'll go to the Chinese saucer today
or I'll go to the gay and lesbian saucer.
Gee, I always wanted to try being a lesbian female.
But meanwhile, those who are left behind,
which is 99% of the population
and probably 90% of the subgeniuses,
all those who didn't sin, they're $20.
They'll miss out on next day.
You know, come to think of it, I never sinned.
Technically, I mean, I've spent a lot of my own money on the church,
sent my $20 in for a membership.
Dr. Drummond never did.
Palmer Vredes never did.
Puzzling Evidence never did.
Sterno never did.
And, you know, friends, it won't matter what you did for Bob.
What will matter is whether you sent that for that membership card.
I guess I'm going to have to get around to that.
Well, I've got plenty of time, plenty of time until next day.
Oh, hell, that's 1998.
We've got all the time in the world.
There will be one big escape.
There will be one big escape.

Just for the doctors, for the hierarchy.
And I can just see Byron and Gordon and some of those other people up there going,
Hey, you know, we ought to go down and save Ivan and Philo
and all those who never got around to sending the $20.
And then they'll go, well, we'll get around to it.
We're not sure where the escape vessels of the sex goddesses go, dear friends.
We're not sure.
As far as I can tell, they probably just fly around.
But I'm going to go.
I'm going to get off of this for right now.
We'll go to an old hymn.
This is a lovely old subject.
And I do mean old.
This is like from 1981.
Old subgenius hymn by someone we only know as Doug number four.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.






We won't die in a hole we hold and drown the bank boys and the normals
If we have to, if we have to, fucking make them die
And we'll all come back old women, we'll all come back old women
And we'll all come back old women, all of the reason why
Where's my royalties?
Where's my royalties?
Where's my royalties?
Where's my royalties?
214 is what I'll be telling you
But, ah, X-Day, you know on X-Day, for those down below on Earth
You know, it'll be a little different than it would be up in the escape vessels of the sex goddesses
They'll look up, trying to put, while they're trying to put their clothes out
There'll be this huge eyeball in the sky, this giant pyramid-shaped light form
With a big eye that just covers the whole sky
And it's filming for the escape vessel screens
Ah yes, when we can watch what's going on down there
We can watch any part of it we want
And we can also leave messages
Because the big eye projects sort of billboards, holographic billboards
From horizon to horizon that say things like
Smile, you know, welcome to your stupid life
You're being seen live on the escape vessels of the sex goddess screens
And it's filming for the escape vessel screens
Where the subgeniuses are now partying, you dumb idiots
I mean, a big billboard stretching all across the planet
In all languages saying, fools, we're having a great time
And the subgeniuses can take turns broadcasting personal statements
So, you know, this horrible pink evil person will be down there
Fighting the Robeast
And suddenly this voice will ring out
Hey, Mrs. Darden, I was in your 1959 fifth grade class
Remember me? Steve Wilcox, ha ha, I'm up here, you're down there
Or, uh, like, Pain Radio, coming to you, Mr. Shaughnessy, the principal
Remember when you expelled me? How do you like the pain, huh?
And, uh, you know, you get back at anybody
Oh, you laughed at me in junior high, Max
You put me upside down into a trash can
You and your jock friends, you aren't laughing quite so hard now, are you?
And there'll be little holographic ghost-like things
Green slime-type ghost sort of things
Millions of little 3D Jane-ers flying around, taunting
And saying, you should've spent your twenty dollars
Should've spent your twenty dollars, oh, friends
Friends, oh, praise Bob, praise Bob, praise Bob
It's gonna be so, but you know, and so we find
That the world isn't really to be destroyed
It's that the human race is to be destroyed
And the humans, it, what happens is
The humans are given all this alien technology
And they screw everything up
They've got a miracle machine there, this WOM thing
That could do anything they want
But nobody pays any attention to it at first
Because, uh, they don't know what its capabilities are
And it's real cautious about revealing itself too fast
And they don't know that this fungus that's growing around them
Could fulfill their wildest desires
Because they don't believe it can
Because they don't have any wild desires
Because they didn't think to ask
And people will be down there in the ruins
Begging us with their last potato
To preach and deliver unto them the word of Dobbs
Because it's the only thing that'll save them
Subgenius artifacts, like old copies of the book of the subgenius
Or illegal bootleg tapes of this radio show
Original pamphlet number ones
Even an old Dobbs head!
It'll be worth a boxcar full of canned peaches, friends
Because the luck shell
The luck shell that we've always claimed was around our various products
That you thought we were only kidding about
And that's real
And it will become visible on X day
A glow that's visible even in daylight
Any given page of the printed word of Bob
Will be not only of practical use as lamps in the dark
But more importantly, they'll be unthinkably valuable
Religious treasures, dear friends
The most valuable things on the whole planet
Because you're safer if you have that
If you've got a copy of this show with you
It tips your luck playing
It helps a whole lot against radiation
And landslides and brain worms
And noise demons and nerve runners and all that
It isn't nearly like having a membership card
But it's a lot better than having nothing
Because friends, your faith
Your faith in Bob will be all you have left on that day
And he'll know whether you believed in him
Wotan will know
And he will come
He will come to judge
Gentlemen, the situation at this time is so serious
That it's the worst in human history
The fate of the entire Earth is in our hands
Every hour we are getting news
That our factories and our refineries and schools
Are being attacked with rays of an unknown origin
They haven't been analyzed so far
Thousands of people are dead
The attacks are not coming from outer space
Our scientists say
And certain monsters have been seen
That appear to come from before the ice age
Long before the history of mankind
They have to be stopped
Professor, I know you've been in this book line study
For many years
You know more about them than we do
Tell us, what should we do?
Hmm, don't go up there at night
Stay in the sunlight
Keep yourself safe
And secure
And in the daylight
We'll draw you out of there
You've got to use all your power
To knock them out
All your power, believe me
Laser guns?
Laser guns
Not only laser guns
But your crew
Get them up there and knock them out
And when you knock them out
We're going to have trouble with the launch pad
Well, the launch will be alright
As soon as I can get there
We know
We've been behind it for years
It's been my research staff
That came up with the initial evidence
Dr. Moore
Can your staff come up with a weapon
To stop the Nazi hell creatures in time?
I can't say for sure
But with luck
The zoological
Provide us with the answers
A man
Is he a captain?
What is he?
And
He's
Looking at me
And I say
No
I have to shake my head
This isn't true
This can't be true
And
Still there
And
I look up and down the road
And I think
Can't somebody come along
And tell me that
This isn't there
But it's there
And I think


I don't know

Why
What do they want?
What do they want?
Is the UFO mystery
Truly a scientific watergate?
An incredible and dangerous coverup?
Understanding of the UFO
May be beyond our science
And political system
Twisted them to fit the Nazi ideology
Thank you
And Bob, by the way
Is running for big brother
Or universal overlord
Or county clerk
In 1984
Yeah, that's right
He knows he's not gonna win
Big brother
It's just to plant the seeds
In the minds of the people
Bob either wants to be
A county clerk
Or a
Over god of all reality
In 1984
As Alistair Crowley once said
If I can't be god
I'm not gonna play
This ain't no video game church
This ain't no video game church
This ain't no church of bingo
It's a church of Bob
It's a Bob Rogers church
I don't see what the hell's going on here
What the hell
Did you know that heaven
Christian heaven is hotter than the Christian hell?
Yes
The Christian heaven is hotter
That's because
There are seven suns

And the subgenius hell is fine
Oh yeah
All your friends will be down there
Mr. Chairman
Gentlemen
I must admit
I know very little at this time
The princess is a creature
Of antiquity
Ten million years old







And the monsters
Are mutants of creatures
That roamed the earth
Before the ice age
It is likely that a super race of humans
Existed sometime in the past also
And somehow all of them
Humans and creatures
Went into hibernation far underground
Where they survived
They are intelligent
They are smarter than the most up to date
Super computers
We cannot underestimate them
They're not emotional
Angels don't have any emotion
These sinister euphonauts
They're not human



They're all creatures
From the unholy reaches of the universe
And traversing this great cosmos around us
Made a stop one day
On this planet of ours
Thousands upon thousands of years ago
Made a stop to allow their
Their house pets
The leisure of relieving themselves
Outside of the spacecraft
Certainly a few of these animals of amusement
Managed to break away from their masters
And somehow managed to survive on this planet
If this is so
Evidence of them must exist somewhere
I believe that evidence
Has already been uncovered
And widely publicized of these animals
The animals we see

Were probably the Yeti
The Yeti's crossbred with human beings
And the human beings as a result of that
Are
Basically the subgenius
Has the biological heritage
Of the Yatinsin
Or the Yeti
Basically out of the mountains of China
Although there's a few
That live in the mountains of California
They seem to be a mountain
Mountain forest people
That are
Well they're hairy only in their
Most pure state
But in sort of a
Mongrelized Yatinsin such as myself
Only certain parts sprout hair
However I have hair in unusual patches
Of my body
Which is why I wear overalls
Well
Know thee that thy little lands
Are hollow and empty inside
And inside dwell demons
Who move faster than thy light
And speak faster than thy air carries sound
And which wield the secret tools
And angles of the sciences
Which I have foreseen
And which have forbidden thee
And these demons come among thy leaders
All swathed in black and tempt them
If the right people aren't there to meet
The men from planet X
The X's we call them men
Sure they look like men
They can look like rocks
They can look like eight tentacled
Thirty foot tall monsters
Whatever is the requirement of the human
That they're possessing or talking to
1998's gonna get here
We'll all wake up
July 4th 7 o'clock in the morning
Or July 5th pardon me
July 5th 7 o'clock in the morning
Hangovers from the 4th of July
And uh
Nothing will ever be the same again
The planet will no longer belong
To the humans or the subgeniuses
And that is why it is so crucial
That the subgeniuses be in those positions of power
Be at the coordinates
The landing strips
When those
That angelic host does descend
When the second third and fourth comings occur
During this period
We
I
I
I
I
I


I know
That you
Understand
I know that you understand
And I know that you'll be with us on that day
That fateful day
X day
1998
Bob will be on television
He'll talk to us
He'll give us some information







He'll give us some speech
That will move billions
Not millions
But billions to tears
And it'll work out okay
The world will end just right
And keep going
In the new way
The way of Bob
Everyone will be subgeniuses
Except us
You mentioned that uh
Uh
The uh
Advanced supersonic Nazi hell creatures
From inside the hollow earth
Are conspiring to take over the whole planet
That's right
We read about that in a pamphlet
That was handed to us
Do a lot of people really
Oh you did
Uh huh
And Bob confirmed it
And there's only
There's only one
Uh
Only one organization that could possibly stop them
They're the men from Planet X
And they'll be arriving in 1998
And after
After the tribulation money starts to fall
From the chariots
And the
The angels in the sky
And
And coming up out of the ground
And spewing out of the back of
Them car exhaust pipes
And just magic everywhere
And then
And then tribulation times will be
Tearing those
Those
Those bad evil demonic people up
And they'll be
The sub
Subgenius people
Will be
I think we should bring up
That is Hitler's Gem
Waiting for the UFO
Uh huh
Waiting for the UFO
Uh huh
Waiting for the UFO
Waiting for the UFO
Waiting for the UFO
Waiting for the UFO
Waiting for the UFO
Waiting for the UFO
Waiting for the UFO

Will the
Will the
Will the
Will the
Will the
Will the
Another movie that's swept America is one entitled The Encounters of the Third Degree.
May I tell you this?
I'm not so sure what UFOs are.
I don't know if I believe them or not.
The New Zealand Air Force was on alert recently because of the UFOs appearing over that nation.
Someone said, do you believe in flying saucers?
I said, of course.
I'm a married man.
If you don't get that now, you may in the morning over the breakfast table.
You say, what about UFOs?
I don't want to delve into that, but I want to give you something that blesses my heart.
I know there is life in the universe.
Why?
Because evil spirits, demonic spirits, fill the universe.
The cult is full of superstition and mysticism.
We're scientists.
Laser beams shaped like vampires with glow-in-the-dark brains.
I've seen a vision, ma'am.
So play your cards right.
Yes, all you deaf ears down there.
Heads up.
Look out below.
There will be plenty of distractions to take their minds off the real problem as the time of P draws to its violent close.
For instance, beware.
The fake God Jr., the anti-Bob, will come before long.
Bullets cannot stop.
He's one of the deceptively human-looking advanced supersonic Nazi hell creatures from beneath the hollow earth.
Parasites of the elder gods.
But most people will think he's the second coming.
And his alien hiney will be kissed all the way to world dictatorship and beyond.
And if the true Messiah were to show up at that time, everyone would just know with the bottom of their core programming that he's the Antichrist.
Because he'll curse and spit.
And take the Lord's name in vain.
And hang out with whores and bull-digers and dope addicts and cops.
Another down-home sort.
This is a warning.
Danger, danger, you poor devils.
Things are more mixed up than you ever dreamed.
What was up is down.
The priorities are all screwy.
You're fretting if your hair looks okay while some new kind of bladder cancer is bursting out the front of your designer jeans.
Yes, this is bad talk.
Nobody will listen to anything else.
You won't look at TV unless body parts or cars are jiggling or crashing on it.
You won't taste your food unless it has some nerve drug in it.
You haven't used your other senses since you were five.
And you sure as hell won't stop what you're doing until someone much bigger, much stronger, and much, much more self-assured makes you stop.
And you'll thank him for it.
And then just before you fry in a flash of radioactive hindsight,
you'll realize that he's the Antichrist.
He stopped you from doing the wrong thing.
Good God, what in the name of sweet screaming Jesus is this world coming to?
People bitch, people gripe.
This is a sign of the end times.
That's a sign of the end times.
When you should all be hollering, it's all a sign of the end times.
What, brothers and sisters, will happen to this heretic on July 5th, 1998?
Would anyone like to take a guess what's going to happen?
What's going to happen to this heretic when the saucers come?
He will be on the escape vessels on July 5th, 1998.
He will be on those saucers with the sex goddesses because he paid his $30 subgenius membership fee.
He had his membership card in the church.
And even if you were to go out today and turn your back on Bob's Gets,
have you ever heard any of this?
Even if you were to go out tomorrow and get a job,
maybe even as president of the United States or a cop somewhere ripping apart people's cars searching for dope,
you would still be able to get on the pleasure saucers as long as you had that subgenius membership card,
as long as you paid for that subgenius membership card.
Can you say the same?
Can you say that you're going to be on those escape vessels on July 5th?
Do you think you're going to squeak by just because you're cool?
Do you think coolness is going to get you on to those space vessels?
Well, what are you going to do on X day when suddenly all your paid in full subgenius buddies disappear?
Many people would say, well, I'm not going to join up with the church of the subgenius.
The church of the subgenius is an organization of non-joiners.
So I'm not going to join up with them.
Well, I've got a surprise for you folks.
You're not going to be joining us on X day either.
And X day, you have no idea what's awaiting you all on X day.
True slack is like better than getting gang sucked by a horde of horny, buxom, Nordic Valkyries
while eating a big juicy T-bone steak.
On your birthday.
But X day, X day makes slack seem like you're wearing a helmet with a padlocked chin strap.
That's right.
By comparison, X day is going to make any slack you have seem like nothing.
Now, you might think, well, I'm not going to spend any money on this church of the subgenius.
I'm not going to spend any money on this.
I've got better things to do with my $30.
I can go out and buy a Hootie and the Blowfish CD or something with that money.
And I can sit at home and I can listen to my Hootie and the Blowfish CD over and over and over again.
And I can sit back and just jam and have me a good time listening to my CD player.
Because you like music so much.
Well, on X day,
that CD player is going to melt into a pile of slag.
That's right.
All your cheap pink entertainment devices are going to be destroyed in the fires of the X-est invasion.
There will be no music then.
The only music there will be, will be the screams of the dying.
You may not like the sound of this type of music.
But we subgeniuses will damn well be dancing to the tune.
So what can you do?
You can join up with the church of the subgenius.
Or you'll be singing in the choir.
That's right brothers and sisters.
You'll be singing along with all that screaming and pain.
And all that horrible moaning and wailing.
And praying.
You know, when I was in Chicago last night,
I was down in the dressing room getting ready to go up here and preach to the folks out there.
And a cockroach was crawling across the table.
And I took out my ink pen and I was kind of poking it along.
And it'd run and go across the table and I'd reach over and poke it the other way.
And I'd watch it run.
And I'd sit there and watch the little things that got so frustrated.
And then I took out my cigarette lighter.
And I started singeing around his antennas.
And then I reached around behind him and started burning off his wings.
And he flipped over and his little legs were kicking and screaming.
And flying around in the air.
On next day, if you don't have a membership card,
you're gonna pray.
You're gonna wish.
You're gonna wish that you were that cockroach.
That's what I'm saying.
That's right.
You'll wish you were that cockroach on next day.
You'll wish that you could just be tortured for a little while.
And then put out of your misery in a burst of flame by some sadistic subgenius preacher.
But we're not gonna make it that easy on you.
No.
Brothers and sisters, the river is rising.
And you're gonna drown.
Tonight, I am offering you
a personal flotation device
to keep your head above this rising river.
I'm offering you a personal flotation device
in the form of this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The time has come nigh for you tonight.
The time has come nigh for you tonight.
It is no accident that you are all here.
You all have been
chosen
to receive this message.
You have been chosen
because the water's rising up
and it's just about to rise over your heads.
And we're gonna throw you this flotation device
and you can either grab onto it and live
or you can pass it on by
and you're gonna go down
like yesterday's sh**
swirling down the toilet.
It's no accident.
You must join the Church of the Savior.
You can either be a subgenius or die.
You'll be damn glad
that you joined.
You will be damn glad
that you spent that pitiful $30.
I really don't want to see all of you die.
Some of you I do.
But I don't want to see all of you die.
We are here to help you.
We are your friends.
You must know,
can't you feel
by looking at this man Bob
how much he loves you?
Don't you realize how much Bob loves you?
He loves you so much
that he's willing to offer you
a chance to have your every perverse desire
be brought to life.
Your every sick sexual fantasy
shall be made flesh before you.
Trust us.
Trust Bob.
Amen.
Maybe some of you still aren't willing to accept Bob into your lives.
Perhaps you need some proof.
Perhaps,
perhaps Bob,
perhaps my main man, J.R. Bob Dobbs here
will give me the power,
the power to heal some lucky man.
Is there anybody here
that needs to be healed
of some horrible sickness?
Oh, wait, we have a man here waving his hands.
Come on up here, brother.
Come on up here.
Come on up here, brother.
Let me help you.
Good evening, brother.
What's your name?
My name is Aaron.
Aaron.
And, and,
what brother do you want to be?

I want to be a man.
What brought you here tonight, Eric?
What brought you here tonight?
My crippled right leg.
Your crippled right leg brought you here tonight.
Well, Bob,
Bob's going to give me the power
to heal you of your maladies.
Bob's telling me that you have a problem in your leg.
Bob's telling me you have a tumor in your leg
that you need healed.
Is this true?
And, and, and Bob told me that
you had a terrible heart condition, brother.
Is this true?
It's true?
And, and Bob tells me that you have bursitis in your shoulder.
Is, am I right?
Have you got bursitis in your shoulder?
He has bursitis in his shoulder.
He has many maladies.
But Bob is also telling me that you've been having problems with your liver.
Is that true?
And that you've been having a problem with sexual dysfunction.
Is that true?
Yes.
It's true.
And that you've been suffering from an obstruction.
Is it true that you're having some problem with your bowels?
Yes. Yes.
And Bob also told me that you have a problem with really bad acne on your ass.
Is it true?
It's all over. It's, it's sad.
And, and, and that all the, all the women call you Pizza Butt.
Is that true?
What women?
That's so sad.
A man with sexual dysfunction
and a Pizza Butt who can't get a woman.
Bob is saying that you need to be healed of these maladies.
Bob is saying that you've had a problem with your throat too.
And your ears.
And, and, and the glands in your armpits.
And, and, and your left index finger.
And, and, and your right middle finger.
The one that keeps getting stiff every time a police car goes by.
Is this true brother?
This is the truth.
Well brother, tonight we're gonna heal you.
We're gonna heal you brother.
Oh yes.
Brother Bevilacqua is gonna come up here to help me out.
And with his healing.
Sometimes the power gets in me and it's so strong.
That I burn out the wires and actually accidentally kill the person I'm trying to heal.
But brother, we're gonna heal you or kill you.
We're gonna take care of your leg.
We're gonna take care of your arm.
We're gonna take care of your brain tumor.
We're gonna take care of your, your sorry little limp and your packed up butt hole.
We're gonna take care of your arm.
We're gonna take care of your angina pectoris.
We're gonna take care of your swollen glands.
We're gonna take care of that middle finger that sticks up on your right hand whenever a policeman comes by.
And make it so the middle finger on your left hand gets stiff when policemen go by too.
Brother, I'm gonna lay my hands on you and heal you.
Beheal!
Oh my god!
Woo!
Woo brothers, he isn't gonna be needing this anymore.
Yee-haw!
Come on up brother, come on up.
How are you feeling now?
How are you feeling now?
I'm feeling amazing.
Now go on out and find yourself a woman in this crowd and see if you can make your, your dysfunctional organs work.
But I've got total faith that Bob is gonna do this for you.
I've got total faith that Bob is gonna do this for you.
Yes brothers and sisters.
You can, you've seen the miracle.
You've seen the miracles tonight.
You've seen the healings and the inflictions of pain.
I see my brother here is actually over here carousing with a woman now.
Who's not looking at him as if he were a disgusting squid.
Oh look at that, he's getting some action.
And Bob promises all of you all the action you'll ever need.
All the action you'll ever want.
And more.
Two and a half feet long.
Solid aluminum.
The orifices are gonna be stretching.
The heads are gonna be collapsing.
And brothers and sisters.
I'm not gonna use any lubricant.
Oh yes.
I have but one thing left to say to you all.
The supermarket is closed.
The market has run out of food.
The highway out of town is jammed up.
Gridlock.
The doctor's dead.
There's a meteor heading for your town.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs is sitting at the wheel of the last train out of town.
Brothers, sisters.
You gotta get on that train.
Because when you come right down to it.
You either gotta ride that train.
Or you're gonna get tied to the tracks.
Remember.
It is far better to be a speeding car.
Than it is to be a blind man crossing against the light.
Amen brothers.
Brothers and sisters.
Can I get an amen?
Amen.
Can I get a hallelujah?
Hallelujah.
What do you all want tonight brothers and sisters?
Fire.
What do you want?
Fire.
Brothers and sisters.
I need you to say it again.
But I need you to say it loud enough.
That the exes that are on their way here.
Will hear you.
And they're gonna crank up the radio.
And roll down the windows on their spaceship.
And they're gonna light up a big fat-frop station.
And they're gonna stick and smile.
And they're gonna be coming down.
And you gotta let them know that you're all waiting for them.
So what is it that you want brothers and sisters?
Yes brothers and sisters.
Slack.
Oh yes.
And who is gonna give you this slack?
Brothers and sisters.
The train's leaving.
And a lot of you guys are on the right track.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Thank you very much.
You're listening to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the church of the subgenius.
Send a self addressed stamped envelope to.
Got your pencil ready?
Bob post office box one four O.
Sky Sawyer, Dallas, Texas, seven five.





















That's Bob, P.O. Box 140, Sky Sawyer, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
You hand them that pamphlet, oh, friends, the scales fall from their eyes.
But you know, when those pink boys discover Bob, it's either truth or death.
For the love of Bob can kill normals, friends, yes?
Yes, but Bob's men are moving on this planet.
Oh, that planetary alignment that came up, the Jupiter effect, oh, I'm now sure that may have caused earthquakes and volcanoes and the Earth to tilt on its axis.
And men will, in the end times to come, men will gnash their brains and think backwards.
Dead Christians will come up from their graves shambling and rotting like not of the living dead.
But through it all, helping to profit from it all is that one mighty link.
Between heaven and earth, that Bob.
Oh, yeah, I can see it now.
The miracle of the Bob world is unfolding.
They're wading up to their knees in blood, dear friends.
But it's the blood of the baptism of a mighty fist face of Bob.
That face that can pile through eight-foot-thick titanium steel conspiracy fork-knock stores with that mighty pipe.
Oh, he ain't from another planet.
He ain't something we have to bow down and kiss to.
He's a man.
Oh, you can pull Bob's leg and he'll laugh right along with you.
Because Bob, he's been a fool just like you or me.
Bob's been a pathetic fool.
And I tell you what, that J.R. Bob Dobbs will be a fool again.
He's a fool today.
He's a fool tomorrow.
Because he's the same Bob.
He's always the same Bob.
And he's working for you and me.
But it's that foolishness that has kept man from being satisfied with his lot.
That has kept man building his great gas-powered automobile engines.
His nuclear reactors.
That made him want to master the Earth no matter how nice it might have been before.
And it gives us, friends, it gives us that mighty hate.
The hate that makes us want to smite our brothers.
The hate that makes us get up in the morning and, friends, without that foolishness and that mighty hate,
why, we'd be no different from those normals.
Because we'd have nothing to gripe about.
And it's the mighty gripe power and the hate that gives us something for nothing.
Oh, in the long run, we may be poor.
We may be broke.
We may be drunk and neurotic.
But we've got Bob and they hate.
And for that, we can hate them.
Hate them.
Hate them.
And that's the power that we have.
And they don't have.
Oh, they got plenty of that diddly kind of hate.
Oh, I hate President Reagan.
Oh, I hate my job.
I hate myself.
That's the sick hate, friends.
That ain't no kind of hate at all.
We've got that all-inclusive kind of hate.
That hate essence.
And it's the love of the hate that allows us to hate.
And it allows us to put up with just about anything.
So we can do something about it.
Because the Bob hate is indistinguishable from the Bob love.
It's what keeps him on his toes.
Bob is the aware man.
The natural man.
He can be walking along humming to himself, playing pocket pool.
But the inner Bob is aware.
He can hear a fly sniff on a mountain far away.
And he can go up to that fly and look that fly in the eye and say,
Son, I'd like to sell you a big old mound of waste byproducts from physical organisms.
And that fly will give his wings to Bob.
Bob is aware.
And that's how he can sell to these inferior creatures.
And that fly, he's going to be a better fly for it.
All those other flies, they're flitting from pile to pile.
They see him just sitting there without any wings on that big old mound of Bob.
And they may laugh now.
But winter goes by.
Summer goes by.
All those other flies starve.
But that little Bob fly, he's still sitting there on that pile.
A munching away and a munching away.
And that pile does not change because Bob, my friend, does not change.
Oh, he changes his mind.
He might suddenly change all the doctrine in the whole church right in the middle of a ritual
to teach us all an important lesson.
But, oh, my friend, Bob Dobbs does not change.
Hold that name on the tip of your tongue.
Bob.
There's a B on either side.
Opposite poles.
That's the lesson right there.
Flip it over on your tongue.
Say it front way.
Say it backwards.
Say it upside down.
And what does it say?
It says Bob.
Because Bob does not change.
His promise rings true.
But if you ain't been sprinkled in the blood of the head, if you ain't been washed in the waste byproducts,
of Bob, how are you going to get saved?
You can go to that party Saturday night, but you got to be wearing Bob's shadow.
You can drink beer.
You just got to get Bob drunk, too.
And what about Wanda?
Oh, you just going to have to give Wanda over to Bob.
That shouldn't be any problem because Wanda, she found out from Bob how to get to heaven.
Sit down, boy.
Because, friends, if you're wondering, Bob can love.
Bob can love.
Bob love.
Bob love love.
And one thing I want to say is, Bob loves me.
He can do anything he wants with his own heart.
He can do anything he wants with his own heart.

And it was just about then that the Kenneth Arnold sighting of the so-called flying saucers hit the headlines.
And it caused a lot of conversation.
I notice you keep looking out the window.
You wouldn't be looking for these flying saucers, would you?
Well, as a matter of fact, yes.
You don't think it's just some kind of a publicity stunt then, huh?
No.
It's reasonable to suppose that there's life on other planets.
Maybe I ought to start looking for flying saucers, too.
If they do come from another planet, how will we know?
Listen, when the occupants condescend to tell us, that's when.
God! God! God! God! God! God! God!
Now, Bob, you're getting to be a pretty good guy.
Pretty big fella.
Yes, sir. Maybe this is a good idea.
A chance for us to have a little talk.
Why, sure, Dad. What's cooking?
Remember the last time we talked about this old body of ours, Bob?
Yeah. Yeah, I remember, Dad.
No.
Oh, here's a match. Your pipe's gone out again.
Well, thanks.
But when a doctor speaks of the male organ, he...
Well, he calls it a...
When a man and a woman are married, Bob,
they love each other very much.
And in showing their love,
their instinct is to embrace each other as if...
Well, as if to try to become the one person God intended them to be.
They're the sperm, as the doctors call it.
Is that the seed that helps make a new baby?
No, no, Bob.
Well, what I'm talking about now is the fluid that contains the sperm.
Formed in two little sacks beneath the...
And now...
I'm gonna throw my predictions.
Listen.
Listen carefully.
Join me in knowing the headlines of tomorrow today.
I'm not gonna judge you.
I'll see you do that, and I'm judging you.
I predict public executions will be shown on television
sponsored by your local gas company.
Securing the faith that the future is filled with good things for you and yours.
Securing the faith that the future is filled with good things for you and yours.
I predict that LSD, marijuana, and speed can change your sex.
Listen now to the headlines you will be reading in the coming prediction period.
School built on sweet potato pie.
Gee, that's a headline!
If it were possible to spray small doses of LSD from an helicopter into the air,
people would soon quieten and not be hurt.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
She is a cutie, isn't she? What a gal!
Right on campus as part of getting high.
I mean, uh, getting a higher education.
Which is just wonderful in any language.
Here's Bobby.
LSD is running its mad course,
with babies now being born hideously deformed
from women whose chromosomes are permanently damaged by this drug
which was invented originally by the chemical warfare branch of the United States Army.
As a vicious weapon to be used against an enemy.
Here you see the heroic robots, the Levees,
who defended San Francisco against the daftly attacks.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
All right, I've seen enough.
Well, you know, who knows what could happen here.
Bob got to Reagan in time and saved him,
and President Bush is, uh, we think he's gonna be getting better soon.
1983 will be seen in the first televised executions.
Don't you mean the clone of President Bush?
Well, that goes without saying.
I don't expect him to believe that.
We can't ask, we can't ask Tony.
They have entire clone farms there in Argentina.
Basically all our world leaders and politicians are only clones of their original selves,
their original brains taken out and replaced by robotic,
excess green energy demon brains.
Like the ones that work at convenience stores.
It's right over my right.
What is it?
I gotta get out of here.
It's wrong trouble. Go on.
You're remembering everything now.
And I try to maintain control,
so Betty cannot tell that I am scared.
Why are you so scared?
Go on. This won't hurt you. Experience it.
It won't harm you now.
I gotta get my gun!
I gotta get my gun!
I gotta get out of here! I gotta get my gun!
I gotta get my gun!
I gotta get my gun!
I gotta get my gun!
They're not emotional. Angels don't have any emotions.
The princess is a creature of antiquity.
Ten million years at least in age.
Praise Bob.
