The smell of good boys, as they stand in line.
He's there to smell them, all that he can.
To make them smell, he's a good holy.
Some genius, power of science.
What?
How far, what?
What's a genius?
That would slam it.
Keep that all deep.
And then they taste that.
A new car.
And KPVA will receive a million cupcakes.
Giant piles of sugar.
And cups of oil.
Nature's perfect food.
So, it's...
I get the weirdest mix here.
The scary thing is, what's happening with...
Oh, yeah?
Here, let me...
With...
Can you...
What?
What?
It's like...
Truth is fiction.
And this is...
Be warned, it be not.
Bule Ismail was the real father of his country.
He had fathered 540 boys and 340 girls.
At the age of 8, they warned it.
Leenott.
B Scriptures
Oh, turns on my feet?
For some reason I felt like its my hail integration
Because B-
Is harassment forgarmin раз
La- Try to follow the rules.
Now what do you hear?
Oh, you have to say.
You have to talk.
No change.
There's no change.
Yeah, somewhere in the deep end, they've got something wrong.
It could be as simple as those headphones.
Yeah, whatever that is.
Boots in your buddy.
That's what makes me think it's got to be within the electronic bay.
The phantom.
Yeah, right?
Yeah.
They're all asleep.
They're all little callers.
Out our way with Major Hoople.
The SFX.
Because it's a show.
It was a major influence on me, I'm afraid to say.
Side glasses.
Grin and Barrett.
Well, that might not exist.
You sleep here?
Oh, yeah, we do.
Right on the show.
So what does that tell you?
Hello.
The walls are like mine.
They're not like yours.
In what manner are mine like yours?
So they...
It's just the way it is.
What's going on?
What's going on?

Oh, my.
I don't know what's happening.
Oh.
Folks are having a...
This one sounds much better.
Yeah, no, it's the mix going to those headphones.
Yeah, I'm going to move over here.
They're screwed up.
Let's just say that we're experiencing...
If you want a better listening experience, it sounds like it's in that room or in that
space in your brain.
Why I can move.







I'm just going to sit here just fine, or can.
Sometimes it takes a while to be sure.
Oh, my God.
I don't know what happened, but...
Just...
This is a show.
Relax.
Remember, this is...
Oh, what?
Something began to wake us up.
We're on the air now?
In fact...
Hey, Philo, we're on the air now.
Maybe we are asleep.
What?
I'm asleep?
Oh, God.
No, that is to say, this show is something we could do.
We are.
We are.


We are not asleep.
So, maybe we are asleep.
But, now...
From PR News, this is the news.
From PR News in Washington, I'm to be tried by tribunals at Guantanamo.
A new report from the FBI finds violent PR news for the second straight year.
There was a slight rise in the overall percent, but the Pentagon says it still considers PR
news unclear, unlawful.
Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez jumped by 6%.
On Wall Street, four.
Defense Secretary Robert Gates is expressing his support for the U.S.
and the United States.
He's also expressing concern about PR news in Washington.
PR's bad PR.
But why?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, hello, Dr. Sims.
Good evening, Betty.
Betty, Betty, Betty, Betty, Betty, Betty, Betty, Betty, Betty, Betty, Betty.
So, you've really done some growing up since I saw you last.
Thank you.
Hello, Doctor.
Good evening, Dr. Sims.
Would you like to sit over here, Doctor?
Thank you.
Thank you.
I was just telling Betty how quickly she's growing.
She sure is.
We have a hard time.
We have a hard time, hard time, hard time.
Talk to Betty about growing up.
You notice any difference between yourself and some of the older girls, Betty?
Well...
Yes, well, that's perfectly normal.
Believe it or not, believe it or not, you're acting silly, you're acting silly about the
girls who are bigger and who wear bras.
You see, there's nothing wrong with them, Betty.
Shoot up.
Yes.
That's right.
But don't let that bother you.
There's nothing you can do.
There's nothing you can do.
Hurry up, hurry up.
Oh, oh, sample, sample.
I brought some drawings so that you can actually see the things I'm going to describe.
Let's take a look, Betty, at drawing one in this booklet.
You see, you see in the drawing here?
Mm-hmm.
You started out as a very small being, the head of a pin.
First figure here in drawing two.
Can you see this?
Yes.
Isn't that amazing?
It sure is.
In the second figure and in the third figure.
That's right, Betty.
Now, do you have any questions?
Well?
Well, Betty, your dad took your mother.
I was there too, Betty.
Now look at drawing three.
This is how every girl and woman looks.
You would see as in drawing four, you see here?
Go to the bathroom.
The vagina is capable of being stretched a great deal.
Look at drawing number five.
Now, this is the wonderful thing called, I'm amazed at the wonderful thing that happens.
You know what, Betty?
Your mother cried.
Why?
Because she was so happy.
Long, nine, and she kept kissing.
And your dad, why was he happy?
Doctor?
Yes.
Look at drawing six here.
Isn't this wonderful, Betty?
It sure is.
Gosh.
Now, Betty, do you have any questions to ask me while I'm here?
Well?
That's a good question, Betty.
I'll answer it briefly now.
I don't understand, Doctor.
Well, Betty, in order for you to understand how this happens, let's look here at drawing
seven.
Betty, this is called through the vagina, as you see in diagram eight.
Now, this is perfectly normal.
Don't worry about it.
I suppose, Betty, that you've wondered what sanitary napkins are for, haven't you?
As you see here in drawing nine.
Does much come out?
Well, usually only a few tablespoons.
Feel fresh and comfortable.
Your panties.
No, it doesn't hurt, Betty.
You see, Betty, some girls imagine they feel worse than they actually do.
So, pay no attention to a little ache or two.
She's already done that, Doctor.
Well, that's not at all unusual.
Sex organs.
Do you know what love is, Betty?
Well, it's a very special kind of love.
What do you mean, Betty?
Well?
Yes, what about older girls and women?
Well?
Very good, Betty.
Now, let's look at drawing ten.
You see here?
Betty will notice that a man has organs.
What are testicles for, Doctor?
Well, Betty, look at drawing number eleven.
Is that clear, Betty?
Well, not exactly, Doctor.
Well, Betty, let's look at this other organ of the man, as in drawing twelve.
You see here?
It's called a penis.
Penis.
Penis.
There's an opening.
There's an opening of a sponge material.
This makes the penis get larger and become hard.
This is called an erection.
Very, very small.
Is this clear, Betty?
Yes, it is, Doctor.
Now, another job, Betty.
I want to tell you about something else.
It's really nothing to worry about at all.
Perfectly normal, natural thing.
Doctor, do you think that Betty should know something about masturbation?
Yes, I do, Mary.
Betty rubbed sex organs, causing a sensation of pleasure.
See a minister, priest, or rabbi.
Do you have any questions, Betty?
Yes, Doctor.
That's a good question.
Now, here in drawing thirteen.
Can you see this all right, Betty?
Yes, Doctor.
Yes, Betty.
Dr. Sims, won't you stay and have a piece of Betty's cake?
I'd like to.
Thank you.
Well, I think that after tonight's discussion, Betty won't feel embarrassed about coming.
Will you, Betty?
Not anymore, Mother.
I feel a lot better about it now.
You're right, Betty.
In the meantime, this business shouldn't be any problem for you.
Now, let's get to that cake.
Thank you, Betty.
Hello?
Doh.
Doh.
Betty, would you get my hat and coat?
Sure, Doctor.
Next time, maybe.
I am too, Mary.
Thanks, Betty.
You're very welcome, Betty.
Hello, I'm Mrs. Butt.
Butt?
That's just so sad.
Cheaper.
Cheaper.
Cheaper.
Cheaper.
Cheaper.
You can talk!
Why yes!
Mrs. Butt's body tastes SO GOOD!
It's because I'm so thicc.
I like big butts and I cannot lie, you get sprung, wanna pull up tough, cause you notice
that butt was stuffed!
I'm hooked and I can't stop starin', oh baby, I wanna get whipped out, I'm so thicc.
She's got a pack much bags, so-
Shake it!
Shake it!
Shake that healthy butt!
That's right.
Baby got ballet feet with the open cleanness!








We'll see how much thicker I am.
Baby got back.
Thicker, thicker, thicker.
Wow.
Uh, uh.
Wow.
Uh, uh.
Yup, yup, yup, yup, yup, yup, yup.
But I gotta be straight when I say I wanna.
Ooh.
Till the break of dawn.
Baby got it going on.
A lot of the Mrs. Butterworths.
So thick, so thick.
Even white boys got the shout.
Baby got back.
But, but, but, but, but, but, but.
But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but.
Baby got back.
And still just as sweet.
Saturday Night Live!
Monday Night Football!
Gilligan's Island!
Flintstones!
Jefferson!
There's fucking room to move as a fry cook, man.
You know, I could be manager in two years.
Ordinary fucking people. I hate them.
Me too.
See, an ordinary person spends his life avoiding tense situations.
Repo Man spends his life getting into tense situations.
Gypsy dildo punks!
Wow!
That was intense!
Repo Man's always intense.
I'm a Repo Man.
What's that?
It's a repossessor.
They take back cars from dildos that don't pay their bills.
Cool, huh?
Looks like sausage.
It's Sausage Otto.
That's a picture of four dead aliens.
Laugh away, you fuck face!
That picture's gonna be on the cover of every major newspaper in two days' time.
I'll kill you.
I'll kill anybody who crosses me.
You know what I mean?
Read that book I gave you.
What book?
Diuretics. Signs of mad overmind.
Uh-uh.
Well, you better read it. And quick.
That book will change your life.
A lot of people don't realize what's really going on.
You know the way everybody's into weirdness right now?
UFOs. How the Mayans invented television.
There ain't no difference between a flying saucer and a time machine.
Well, where did all these people come from?
Hm?
The future.
Where'd all these people disappear to?
The past.
That's right!
And how'd they get there?
Flying saucers.
Which are really...
Yeah, you got it.
Time machines.
I think a lot about this kind of stuff.
The more you drive, the less intelligent you are.
The least you can do is give me a blow job.
Oh, free? Free, my ass. What do you fucking call me? Huh?
Oh, you know Commie.
Oh, you better not be. I don't want no Commies in my car.
No Christians either.
Roswell, New Mexico.
The New Mexico
The New Mexico
The New Mexico
The New Mexico

The New Mexico
The New Mexico
The New Mexico
The New Mexico
The New Mexico
The New Mexico
The New Mexico
John Wayne was a fag.
The hell did he was?
He was too you boys.
I installed two-way mirrors in his pad in Brentwood.
And he come to the door, he didn't dress.
Fuck this! Let's go do some crimes.
Doobity Doop Wop Wop Say a word again
Come on Duke, let's go do those crimes!
Yeah, let's go get sushi and not pay.
Pernicious nonsense.
I'll show them. I had a lobotomy in the end.
I want you to have my baby.
Drop it, motherfucker!
The lights are growing dim.
I know a life of crime led me to this sorry fate.
I blame society.
Society made me what I am.
That's bullshit. You're a white suburban punk, just like me.
You're gonna be alright, man.
Maybe not.
Some weird fucking shit, eh, bud?
Holy sheep shit!
Read this book?
Now you're ready?
What about our relationship?
Fuck that.
This is intense. This is intense.
Oh, some crazy stuff there, eh?
That was Reverend Norrell Preff's cut-up of Reverend Alex Cox.
This is Reverend Alex Cox's movie Repo Man.
And this is the 1105th hour of slack.
That's a lot of slack, friends.
And that's something we gotta praise Bob for.
And I'm just cutting myself a lot of slack this particular episode
by letting the other subgenius, Artiste, do pretty much all the work.
Since at this recording, I'm mere seconds away from rupturing
with the sex goddesses from Planet X, my friend,
and X-Day, July 5th.
Cause this is a pre-recorded show.
Meanwhile, the KPFA Berkeley Puzzling Evidence Show
has been pre-recordedly most share-worthy,
as has Radio Synesthesia of WCSB in Cleveland,
as also have the great collagiasts,
Fernanda Nande-Lemur,
and elsewhere, Reverend Norrell Preff.
And that covers about all the credits for this whole show.
Actually, so I guess I can...
I guess I can relax and go on back to X-Day drillpackin'
and let this particular hour of slack auto-assemble itself,
if only by virtue of what the old doctors like Philo
heard in the background here with the swingin' love corpses,
can scavenge.
From the flock at large, Bryce Bob.
Now, I got a letter tonight from a listener named...
Let's see what this is about.
Yeah, I actually have this letter. See over here?
I'm gonna read this letter.
This letter that was found in the street by my wife.
We're walking down the street.
My wife finds a letter.
And this letter is peculiar in that it doesn't have any punctuation.
Pull your wife out, man.
It says,
Adam, I heard what happened. That sucks a lot, you know.
You should not be doin' that.
But I hope you did not know that that was in your drink.
Your teacher said he only seen you take one drink,
so I hope they believe you,
that you did not know that what was in it.
I hope that... I will be praying every night for you.
I hope you don't have to stay in there for a long time.
That day I talked to Chris Dan,
and she told me what happened.
And I tried to call you so I can talk to you before you go back in.
But I was too late.
Anthony said they picked you up right after you left school.
They are some little bitches,
because they didn't let you stay by to say bye to your family first.
I wish I can break you out, but I can't.
That would just make things worse.
If you are in there for a minute,
tell me what person you are going to get that iPod from.
And I can get it before someone gets it first.
Today school is hella gay.
The day is going by hella slow.
Kids are always throwing stuff around the room.
I'm just waiting till someone hits me so I can drop them.
I just have a lot of anger to take out.
I know I should not get in a fight,
but I know I will if I get hit with something.
I'm going to be a bitch.
I'm going to make them look like a bitch.
The end.
Isn't that something?
That's what the youth of today think is good communication.
One youth of today.
Just like the one listeners to the show.
Yes, youth holds the promise.
You keep laughing, laughing boy, and then one day...
Oh, we can laugh now, but that person will be taking care of you.
You keep laughing, laughing boy, and then one day...

You keep laughing, laughing boy, but there's no karma in there.
Yeah, no karma.
Laughing boy, that was a...
Laughing Boy, 1967.
It was a novel about...
And here's one from 1969.
Tree-walking brain-socking doctors.
Guess what?
Guess what would taste good right now to everyone in the car?
Garbage.
We've got your favorite kind at the concession stand.
Come on down and pick out the kinds you want to enjoy during the rest of the show.
Be sure to get plenty because everyone likes garbage.
And our big variety is chosen to please everybody's taste.
Honestly, I don't necessarily believe in democracy all the time.
I mean, like, it's the...
I believe in perhaps...
It's the best thing we've got so far, but honestly, I would put restrictions on there.
I mean, like, we've got people showing up to vote who have not even read what it is they're voting on.
And I think that that is the greatest crime of all.
You look at Congress, and they commit that crime all the time.
Congress is worse than the American electorate.
You know, the pieces of legislation they pass in Congress, they're hundreds of pages long.
And how many of the congressmen have actually read the weighty legislation they're voting on?
Not that many.
Not that many.
They'll have...
They have their congressional staff read it for them, and the staff will just...
You know, they're all just college kids.
You know?
Who don't sleep enough.
And, you know, they're all like...
How much attention are they really paying when they read it?
And they just tell their boss, thumbs up or thumbs down, and the boss votes a quarter.
And they vote accordingly.
And that's terrible.
That's terrible.
You know?
No grassroots is what it's all about.
You're talking about right there.
People should read the things they're voting on.
You know how long it takes me to vote in a typical election if there's enough issues in the ballot?
I can be in the booth for an hour.
I will take an hour to vote.
If that's what it takes for me to read...
With a large coat.
I mean...
And a funny hat.
But typically, you know, before an election, I read the papers.
And I read online.
Yeah.
And get as much information as I can.
I go to the websites of the people putting things on the ballot.
Candidates and issues.
You know?
I try and read up on these things because I care about what my country is and my community is going to be like.
What is wrong with you?
You're a good American.
I have an opinion.
Geez.
People don't do that anymore, Rob.
I'll tell you why.
I'll tell you why.
Because, you know, if everybody did it, it would work.
And it's not that hard for me to do it.
It's pretty easy for me to do it.
And it kind of comes naturally to me.
Because I have a number of interests.
Yeah, but you can read.
Yeah.
I can read.
Isn't that great?
I believe in the classical way.
I think since we're all the intelligentsia, we should be allowed to vote and nobody else should.
Because they don't read.
And that's kind of what I was kind of afraid of bringing up.
Because you talk about literacy tests and voting.
You talk about literacy tests for voting.
And what do you think of?
You think of Jim Crow.
You think of Jim Crow is what you think of.
Hey, can I ask one bizarre question?
But those things were all done wrong.
What?
Did anybody hear about Bush somehow proclaiming himself to be, in effect, dictator if need
be if the war on terror doesn't go right or something?
I know that sounds really off the wall or, you know, a day-to-day, daily, daily vote.
Well, I've been hearing that for all forever.
Ever since Bush won.
Yeah, I haven't heard anything specific.
Nothing extra lightly.
Yeah, I was thinking of extraordinary war powers.
Oh, they did that last year.
The concentration camps.
Didn't you get your letter?
The military commissioners act?
Your invitation, they call it.
Are they sending out letters now?
Yeah.
Are they really?
Well, who are they?
Are they coming from the camps?
Are they coming from the people in the camps?
No, it's just basically, I got one that said, Reverend Ivan Tsang, please report sometime during the next 30 days for internment.
Or, you know, a stay.
They act like, it looks like a hotel invitation, but I know what it is.
Wow.
You know, they just want to put me in this special camp for, they don't say how long.
Well, don't get involved in the delousing program, I guess is what kills you.
You know, it said something about, you know, to question me about where we got some of the copyrighted materials on the Hour of Slack.
Well, you know, they come up with any kind of excuse they want.
Well, sometimes it lets you go home for your own.
I'm not going to go.
Of course I'm not going to go.
And I figure it'll be another six or eight months, they'll send another letter going, you know, you will be facing a firing squad if you don't report to the firing squad next week.
And I'll wait until they, some bureaucrat will come to the door and go, sir, you're supposed to report for firing squad.
Yeah, it will take a while, you know, given the bureaucracy.
But I'd say, you know, it's better to be on the safe side.
Because if you get a letter saying that you have to appear to be deloused sometime.

Somewhere, then that usually means you're limited.
Well, one way of being on the safe side is not to have an address where they can send you the letter.
But then they just bulldoze the people who don't have an address.
They just go where they live in their little cardboard box or whatever and just, you know, shovel them under.
So, you know, you don't see that on the national news.
That's only on YouTube and only for a few seconds at a time.
You know how it is.
Yeah.
Anyway.
And you have to have the special sunglasses to even be able to perceive any of this stuff.
Otherwise, it just sounds like a bunch of sci-fi nonsense ripped off from some old Arnold Schwarzenegger movie of the 80s.
Yeah.
But why do you think they made those movies?
So that it would seem perfectly normal by the time it happened to people who grew up watching them.
Acclimation, public acclimation.
Right.
Oh, it's time for me to go to the camp for dissidents.
Yeah.
It's like graduation.
But as the camps grow, they begin to subdivide.
Some of them get a certain degree of autonomy.
So things might go back to normal a little bit if enough people can just stay out long enough, you know.
Rob, have you made any plans?
For what?
For internment or pre-internment or post-internment.
I'm not talking about the kind of shady lawn or whatever.
I'm talking about, you know, work and camps and stuff.
Anyway, guys.
I'm sorry.
I agree.
I'm sorry, too.
I didn't mean to be embarrassing.
All right.
If you want a fast, sure way to kill the government, try 5-Mosquito Spray.
This pleasantly scented liquid spray combines fast action and sure death.
In fact, it is so fatal that the government, it has earned a double A rating for effectiveness.
With the exception of the inter-genetroid reactions and the indesignable withdrawals of support and sudden round wages, this human being is entirely instinctless.
Man is man because he has no income.
Because everything he is and has become he has learned, acquired from this culture, from the man-made work, the environment, from other human beings.
Hereby it is manifest that during the time men live without a common power to keep them all in awe, they are in that condition which is called war.
And such a war is every man against every man.
In such condition there is no place for industry because the front era is uncertain.
And consequently no culture of VR, no navigation, no commodious buildings, no knowledge of the face of the earth, no account of time, no arts, no letters, no society, and which is worst of all, continual fear and danger of violent death and life of man, solitary, poor, nasty, prudent, and dangerous.


And so the human being is in short.
My friends, we interrupt this show at this particular key point because it's high time that I paid some respect to people who have paid us respect.
On subgenius.com, our website, there's a little button where a person could donate to keeping that website up and to the Hour of Slack.
Subgenius.com. Our website. There's a little button where a person could donate to keeping that website up and to the Hour of Slack.
And I'm going to read the names of these beloved reverends who have done that because they earned it, friends, with their skinny, peeling face of pain.
And that first name would be the beautiful Benjamin Sherburn.
I'm sure that's not his real name.
Michael Mihalko in Florida.
That previous one was in Washington or Oregon or one of those places.
Scott Wise.
And boy is he in Michigan.
Justin Jacobson, who we might also call Chibithuyo.
So kindly to us there out of Virginia.
I'm not giving cities because then you could look these people up and attack them.
The good Reverend Zeston Norelko has helped us out several times.
What a fine, fine figure of a listener that person is.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Those are our real dear friends.
Speaking of dear friends, this music in the background is by Nino Rota from the soundtrack of Fellini's Eight and a Half.
Nino Rota, the great composer and not a poseur of these fine Italian music.
Him and Jobs. Praise God.
Stiff. Copyright there, there.
Crimes of anatomy.
Body snatching and other sordid tales from the dawn of human dissection.
Life after death.
On human decay and what can be done about it.
Dead man driving.
Human crash test dummies and the ghastly necessary science of impact tolerance.
Beyond the black box.
The cadaver who joined the army.
The sticky ethics of bullets and bombs.
Holy cadaver.
The crucifixion experiments.
How to know if you're dead.
Beating heart cadavers.
Live burial and the scientific search for the soul.
Just ahead.
Decapitation. Reanimation.
And the human head transplant.
Medicinal cannibalism and the case of the human dumplings.
Out of the fire into the compost bin.
And other new ways to end up.
Will she or won't she eat me?
Guess what? Guess what would taste good right now to everyone in the car?
The devil.
We've got your favorite kind at the concession stand.
Come on down and pick out the kinds you want to enjoy during the rest of the show.
Be sure to get plenty because everyone likes Satan.
And our big variety is chosen to please everybody's taste.
Maybe I'm just talking out my other mind.
I'm out of here for the rest of the day.
Hello, you're on the air.
I just heard a very interesting story about the...
Oh, I'm sorry.
Hey, Dave.
Hey, Rob.
I mean, doctors.
I'm sorry.
I just heard an interesting story about the origins of the American gun lusht.
And it was called how they changed the name Chattahoochee to Columbus, Georgia
after a 3,000-year-old town.
And the name was raised and everybody was deported in the 1830s during the Native American
and American Indian Deportation Act.
You know what's really funny?
The state of Oklahoma, their license plate has a Native American-themed design.
Yeah.
Yeah, because...
But it's deportees.
Yeah, that's where we sent them all.
That was the other end of the Trail of Tears.
And then of course, eventually, we stole that too.
And we don't understand that they had barbed wire in those days.
Now, the muskets looked funny.
But they had repeating kind of guns.
Gatling gun.
We must think of this in terms of a large army deporting a bunch of civilians in their
cities and towns, living urban lives like normal people.
And suddenly, someone says, get out of your house.
We're taking it over.
Kind of like the Israelis and the Palestinians almost.
Well, America does have a gun lusht that is big.
If you ever listen to Canadian radio, they're talking about all of the...
Oh, I think there's something wrong with their minds.
Yeah, you know, we love to have guns too.
You don't see us doing that there.
You know, we...
Well, you know, our country was founded on a violent insurrection, whereas Canada was not.
I think it was from stealing from the Indians, very frankly.
I think it's just...
Well, it all starts with stealing.
But then, you know, it was the British who stole the land first.
But the American, you know, the colonists, they had a violent insurrection.
Didn't the Canadian territories come about because of Benedict Arnold being captured?
I don't know.
It was a Tory thing, I think, or a lot of people from New York State and Virginia.
Yeah, a lot of loyalists fled there.
Supposedly, one of the reasons why they say, Oud, is from all the people from Virginia,
of all things, that decided to get in there with goofy-looking things and go north.
I heard that was a Scottish influence, but...
Well, that's probably the original Virginia one, because a lot of them still go, Oud.
And it's like, you know, you're not a hockey stick or whatever.
Oud in a boat.
Now, Judy, what has our czar war story?
Yoda, Yoda, Yoda.
Loot.
More on RockJoyTaxi.com.

I'm going to tell you a story about a guy who was trapped.
He'll report directly to President Yoda.
What you have now is somebody who's going to be able to...
On the ground.
Keep in mind, also, that he has folks on the ground.
Not all moron.
He's now history at the Institute for Public California.
You're too slow.
The war.
War.
War.
The war.
But why?
Because, because wars.
Well, you know, I have a very high regard for loot-loot.
Telling loot-loot.
Not going to work.
Failing.
The point is telescope.
And work the telescope.
Every day.
I'm not worried what's going on.
Loot.
What about that?
What to do.
Loot.
Bob.
Loot.
Bob.
Bob.
And Bob.
History.
Top.
Problem.
Fail.
Work that problem.
I'm for it.
Bottom line is bad strategy.
Yoda, Yoda, Yoda.
Hey, I wanted to let you know, too, tonight, everybody in the audience, I'm selling carbon
offsets.
If you want to become carbon neutral, call me up.
I can sell you offsets over the phone.
I can't sell you on this show.
And I really can't sell you, but I'm going to pretend like I can.
I want an Easter egg.
I want an Easter egg.
Wow.
An Easter egg is a carbon offset?
Incredible.
I never saw such a.
Just your possession of an Easter egg proves that you're wasteful of the resources of
Earth.
Impressive.
If you didn't waste the Earth's eggs like you do.
The oppressor, by the way, will always send two.
While some chick is unborn.
No matter who the oppressor is.
A small, tiny chick who could feed a.
Stormtroopers are simply updated silence.
I'm against Easter.
Who could feed a fourth world nation with the chicks that are made into Easter eggs.
The Easter eggs.
Darth Vader.
Stormtrooper.
And not only that, what about the poor chick?
It didn't have a chance to live its life.
Yeah, stormtroopers are the sperm of Darth Vader.
It represents map of Earth.
Little Hermes is wasting that egg.
I don't know how to put that egg in a bucket.



Whereas the Cylons are true robots.
Because they're shiny.
You put.
You put on them.
Aluminum.
And they.
But the eyes are the thing.
They made the eyes work.
You made it your way.
You know.
Wait a minute.
Now do you think that the.
Stormtroopers just kind of go.
The luminescence of the plastic versus aluminum itself should not be a factor in this discussion.
Well, in an ideal world, perhaps, Doctor.
But we must attend to the realities of this situation.
Reality?
Once again, we are polarized into extreme opposites.
That can't possibly find a consensus area.
Oh.
Into which we can both proceed.
Winners.
And not winners.
And not losers.
And not losers.
And not.
Lotteries.
Great life.
Which you are stronger.
You can win that way.
Lottery.
Yeah.
Truth is fiction.
And this is.
Be warned it.
Be not.
Albert Einstein, the great mathematician and author of the theory of relativity, truly
was a genius.
In 1928, he grew beans more than six feet long and 10 to 17 inches around.
In April 1939, they were brought to trial and 458 were found guilty of buying clothes
for snowmen.
However, when he was 16, he was stoned and failed his entrance exams.
He died at the age of 121, 301 years later.
Be warned it.
Be not.
.
.
toppled me
30 years later I






.
Bush is experiencing tremendous growth. Mr. Bush wants to expand.
The government now says it can legally ban women in public places.
The cabinet said it wears crash helmets with scarves that cover PR News in The Hague.
PR News.
This is PR News.
Figures from Wall Street.
1, 1, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4, 9, 9.
Hundreds of people had to be rescued from PR News in Washington.
The emergence of the poop and pee dog tales are among the most important literary movements of the late 20th century.
Apparently begun in the late 80s, by 1994, these encyclicals replaced science fiction and the Harlequin novel as the most popular form of fiction.
Much of the wide appeal of poop dog and pee dog were due to the fact that all the stories were thematically similar to medieval literature.
Which was wholly concerned with man's relation to God.
I have a question, Dr. Drummond.
Yeah.
Was there a real poop dog?
Well, you might ask yourself, was there a real Jesus?
What do you mean a real poop dog?
I mean, besides the trans reality, the living reality and literary anecdotes, stories and legendary lore, was there an actual, original?
No, it was not.
It was not.

It was not.
It was not.




It was not.
So it wasn't somebody's misguided personal pet with a previous predilection.
No, a personal pet that couldn't control himself.
Although we should never let anybody know that.
Never let a real dog know there's no real poop dog.
I'll make a note of it in my memorandum book.
Because they would be crushed.
I'm just getting rid of some Red Bull here.
And who would not, after all?
After all, we...
Peep Dog and...
Peep?
Pee Dog?
Sorry.
Sorry.







It's okay.
Yeah, it's okay.
It's tragic, satirical and sympathetic.
The whole of mankind's aspirations, troubles and desperate attempts to cope with a sense of awe and religious wonder
could be found by the reader in the poop dog.
And especially in the immensely popular pee dog novellas.
Of course, another reason these forms of cultural progress became central to Western humanities was that
the tail cycles broke out of the old hackneyed and futile forms in which we were born.
western Belle de Terre
had been frozen
for decades.
Frozen in the ice?
New Dog were a breath of fresh air in a world of
tired writers, dismal
novels, stale literary
back-patting. We're getting awful
critical all of a sudden.
Society's self-criticism
of the 70s and 80s and
90s and 2000s.
Chop that wood!
That room in the barn's a lot better
than any Dodge City hotel room.
Are you a gunman?
I have been. You want it?
You don't suppose he's staying out there at the
farm with her, do you?
Ain't none of your business if he is.
Gosh, he sure is a
rugged, handsome-looking fella.
Don't blame me for being jealous.
Oh!
Just kind of spread that all over, you know.
Cooking her amaranth.
Ramrod, got your belly and backside.
Oh, that's sure the truth.
Oh!
Oh!
Got a new ramrod that really is pushing the boy's heart.
Think of it, think of it, think of it, think of it, think of it, that's not a bad idea.
You don't dignify a back shooter by calling him a man.
You have your nerve wearing white, white, white, white, white.
I'll take an end piece.
Cream if, cream if, always comes out right.
Seize.
Now may be the time to act.
I'm Margaret Jenkins.
And I breed.
I don't know anything about.
I'm not afraid to reach out and touch life.
We'll both feel a lot more comfortable if you put both hands back on a ramrod.
You got feelings.
Please, please.
I'm begging you.
Get on your feet.
I got no brain.
I got no brain.
More meat, more delicious.
The life of the party.
It leaves my mouth feeling fresh and clean like I can't go back.
A live warm blooded farm animal, there ain't no choice, it's just instinct.
Well, what's going on?
Well, it's a long story, Abelia.
It goes back a long way.
We're fixing to kiss this dog.
You won't watch?
You're too dumb.
Been a long week.
Get off by myself for a while.
I just got the rights to pukingskunk.com.
Go on.
pukingskunk.com.
Mm-hmm.
He's got the biggest...
Dad, I don't like ranching.
I know I'll make good as an artist if you listen to reason.
Hey, come on, Sunder.
I've heard enough of this.
If I hear any more about that crazy peen, I'll smash up that stuff of yours and burn
the pictures you already did.
And if you fool around any more with that peen, I'll turn you out.
Dad, do you mean it?
Yep, I sure do.
I'll be back.
I'll be back.

I'll be back.










Yes, sir.
I may be stubborn, but I'm always willing to take the advice of the loa-
Meanwhile, the loa-ger listened intently, then remarked.
Not me.
The loa-ger.
I remember that.
May everything you ever see contain copyrighted imagery designed to make you want to spend
your dough.
May everything you hold dear to you sell out at every chance and tag you as a mark to all
they mean.
This is Spammer's Cuts
This is Spammer's Cuts
May the orifices of those you love be covered whenever you're around
With pages of helpful consumer tips and health advice
And when you're finally tired of getting all those paper cuts down there
May the condom you choose leave a tattoo on your pipe
This is Spammer's Cuts
This is Spammer's Cuts
May I rent out space on the inside of your corneas to charity?
Would you mind if I ran some wire into your brain?
You know if you're not using your mouth all the time it's a crime
It's idle bandwidth, it's a disgraceful lost opportunity
And you're the one to blame, blame, blame
Hello, I love you, won't you tell me your name?
Hello, I love you, won't you jump in your game?
This is Spammer's Cuts
This is Spammer's Cuts
This is Spammer's Cuts
May the very essence of your being be reducible to enumeration
And legal tend to good for all debts, public and private
May currency replace oxygen for you and dwell in your sinuses
And your synapses and your receptors and your fingerprints
It's the Spammer's Cuts by Norrell Preff
Lyrics by
Reverend Just John.
PR comes from selling Sip for Less.
From PR News in Washington, this is news.
From PR News in Washington, I'm charged with murdering a former GKB agent with a rare radioactive.
PR News in London, in Russia.
PR's bad.
PR's bad.
This is PR News from Washington.
Oh, those collages were by Leemur, and these are by Norell Kraff.
He called my religion yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck.
Scientology was invented by...
L. Ron Hubbard.
Who started out as a science fiction writer.
He said, and I quote, writing for a penny a word is ridiculous.
If a man really wanted to make a million dollars, he'd start his own religion.
You know, you know, you know, you know, you know.
Brother Hubbard.
He'd start his own religion.
You know, the origin of...
Illness.
Life, according to Scientology.
Illness, illness.
Uh, ammonia.
Most Scientologists believe Brother Hubbard will return.
And Christians believe Jesus will come again.
Are they all nuts?
Most.
Scientologists also believe that 75 million years ago, an evil galactic warlord, and here's
where I can almost taste the maple syrup, an evil warlord by the name of Xenu dumped
13 trillion aliens from different planets into the Earth's volcanoes and then vaporized
them with H-bombs.
Odor.
Panting.
You're a vomit.
Basically every time you piss, puke, or crap, you're a step closer to immortality.
Uh...
I went over for the first time to the psychology department and found out for the first time,
first time, first time, first time, first time, first time, T-U-M, T-U-M, dum dum.
I had just put a foot in a ass.
Why did you do that?
There was no attempt to understand thinking, thinking.
That's my claim to fame.
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, duh, duh, duh.
You put the rap, the rap, the rap, rap, rap, rap.
T-U-M, T-U-M, I'm really not so bright.
My ignorance of the subject.
My ignorance, my ignorance.
But stupid people remain stupid.
I was always stupid.
And intellectual that I'm not.
Become stupid, become stupid.
I'm really not too bright.
I've got a brain, but it is numb.
It was the smack heard across America.
Bash the actor, bash the actor, jumped on Oprah.
Thank you for coming.
Falling star, rehabilitation.
I've never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever,

ever, ever, ever yuh huff.
Jim Carre, I overcame Utah Island, just like president Donald Trump himself.
날 BalRC winteraking

Get a job, get a job, get a job, get a job.
What are you doing here?
Why are you afraid of Hubbard?
What is your problem?
You're afraid of the crime, crime, crime, of Scientology.
Crime, crime.
Get it off, get it off, get it off, get it off.
Nothing but bad.
Murder, perhaps?
Why are you here trying to interpolate people and upset people?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Why, why, why, why, why, why?
Why are you afraid of Hubbard?
What are you afraid of Hubbard?
What are you afraid of Hubbard?
I don't even, you know, I'm not really sure, uh...
No, no, no, you don't understand.
Interpolating, interpolating.
Later.
Bye.
Jack Scientology.
Good point.
Criminal activity.
Spit it out.
Child molester myself.
Bye!
Have fun on the Ferris wheel.
Crime, crime, crime, of Scientology.
Thank you.
Your account has been charged.
Your balance is zero.
Please come back when you can afford to make a purchase.
I'm sorry you're having trouble.
I'm sorry you're having trouble.
This should help you calm down.
Please come back when you can afford to make a purchase.
Your kids are starving.
Carl's Jr. believes no child should go hungry.
You are an unfit mother.
Your children will be placed in the custody of Carl's Jr.
Carl's Jr.
Fuck you.
I'm eating.
I've been fired for more jobs than most people have been hired to.
All I have to do to avoid taking any responsibility...
I've been fired for more reasons, more stupid reasons than you can imagine.
I've been fired for telling the truth.
I've been fired for telling the truth.
I've been fired for calling my boss a liar.
I've been fired for not smiling enough.
I've been fired for massaging places on my body that don't deserve attention.
Yes, and I have it on video too, in the Snooper canon.
It's all those little innocent children that we fed to the crocodiles that one year that come back to haunt me at my most darkest hours.
Poke fun.
©by
You know what?
I'm gonna announce it on a Dr. Sinister show.
I didn't want to really tell anybody, and I was kinda making stuff up.
Oh, you too.
Well, I was fired from my job.
Already.
Already, huh?
But that's okay.
They kind of do me a favor.
I didn't really like conning old people out of their money.
I don't know you speak so high letter.
I had a job and I had to start a cult and con old people out of their money anyway.
It's sad.
Sign the Social Security check over.
I feel terrible about it.
But I couldn't get work.
What else could I do?
But then they said I was going to go to hell.
Didn't have much of a choice, really, but to start the old cult.
Rip off ignorant old people.
It's a noble calling, you know.
Well, I suppose that's what we'd like to tell all the people we're stealing from.
Don't think I'm proud of it.
I could never.
Circumstances.
They wouldn't hire me down, but Walmart had to start a cult.
You should be proud.
It's not satanic.
You know what?
We could start a Walmart cult.
No.
It's a sex cult for old people.
I belong to more cults than too many.
You're not a Mason, are you?
I can't talk about that.
Oh, give me a break.
You could, too.
No, I'm not a Mason.
I'm not a Mason.
I know a lot of Masons, and I would join the Masons myself, but I got my own cult that I'm having to memorize.
It's ridiculous rigmarole.
It's ridiculous rigmarole for.
Yeah, you know.
I mean, how many mystic brotherhoods can you memorize stupid rituals for?
I'd have to.
That's what it comes down to.
They also don't want you if you don't believe in a supreme being, and I do not.
Oh, what about Bob?
Bob is not a supreme being.
Well, he's a supreme being.
He's a higher power.
He's a higher power, but he's not a supreme being.
Yeah.
I mean, he's...
I'm not a supreme being.
Exactly.
No, he's not, but he didn't create the universe.
That's for sure.
We know that much about Bob.
Although he is kind of like a...
Like a...
But he could wreck it.
He's kind of like a...
Yeah, he's kind of like a black hole.
The first rule of Mason's Club is don't talk about the Mason's Club.
Yeah.
Yeah, right.
Actually, I don't know.
I mean, you'll hear other...
You'll hear other Masons talk.
Some Masons will talk about the stuff that you...
It's...
I don't...
To be honest, I don't think it's anything that we like to think it is.
Oh, I...
It's just what they say it is.
Fraternal societies are kind of funny.
Yeah, the secretly rules the world.
But, you know, somebody has to be doing that.
And it's not just them.
There's other mobs that they have to contend with.
How many different clubs are there like that?
There's the Eagles.
The Elks.
Actually, the Odd Fellows are the ones you really have to worry about.
The VFW.
The Illuminati.
The Odd Fellows are really...
They make the Illuminati look like pikers.
The Fraternal Order of the Moose.
Yeah, the Moose.
That's another really powerful secret society.
Is it the Order of the Ends and the Means?
Or is it the Means and the Ends?
I can't remember.
They all grew from the Secret Order of the Water Buffalo.
I think was the original one.
From prehistoric...
Yeah, I was going to say.
Which one of the Flintstones belonged to you?
Right.
Yeah, Australopithecus.
Fred and Barney really did not work this.
Not very well.
They were all drawn Australopithecines.
I thought they were Homo erectus.
They weren't anatomically correct.
Huh?
I thought they were Homo erectus.
Yeah, actually.
They would in fact fit more into the Neanderthal or Cro-Magnon.
They're fully human.
You know, you wouldn't catch me saying Homo erectus.
You could tell by looking at Betty and Wilma.
Which one would you take?
Betty.
She just looks like a whore.
Wilma wore that.
That great low-cut, that one-shoulder thing.
See, I'm more partial to redheads, but I don't like the way she wears it.
I'll tell you something, man.
I ain't going to do nothing where Barney Rubble's been.
You know what?
Good point.
Good point on both of them.
I'm going to leave that.
They can keep that for himself.
I think we're showing our age.
Barney, what do you mean we?
I'm not showing my age, am I?
I'm keeping up with the old men when it comes to outdated cultural references.
I've been waiting to be an old man my whole life.
I've been one since I was two years old.
I found a gray hair in my head the other day.
Uh-oh.
Yeah, Dr. Sinister, you're like 25 going on 50 or something, aren't you?
I was going to say 65.
It's time for Doc to get a hover around.
I know a lot of-
Old news ain't what they used to be.
Or they're 65 going on 15.
I know quite a few of those, too.
Yeah.
It works both ways.
In fact, sometimes it goes in reverse.
You may find that 35 years from now, Dr. Sinister won't be the sane, sober-sounding fellow,
but he'll be acting his age, or the age he is now, a beer-drinking slob.
A slob.
If I can destroy enough brain cells now, yes, I may eventually.
I can promise you that that can be done.
He may be able to rise himself to the gutter.
Maybe in the gutter, but I'm looking at the stars.
Yeah.
It is possible to destroy enough brain cells to become less intelligent.
That is how a genius can join the church of the subgenius.
You know, I actually do like the smell of paint thinner.
Well, there you go.
That may be a good place to start.
I don't know.
You know, I don't know.
I've lost my short-term memory.
It went bye-bye a long time ago.
Oh, how would you know?
But the fact that they say that it makes you sterile and can't have kids, well, that's a damn lie.
Running rugrats prove that wrong.
Yeah, honestly, like, if there were drugs out there that really did cause infertility, I'd be all over that.
Well, I bet what was the problem with Cho was the infertility.
I mean, it's not just the infertility drugs.
It's the transubliminal beaming system.
His parents didn't take enough of them.
No, yeah, right.
But, no, it actually is a transubliminal beaming system, and that's how the hormones are controlled.
It's not by taking a pill or with taking a pill.
It's the actual brainwave patterns being altered.
So that's what happened to him.
I mean, as his gonads shriveled, so did his lust for violence, so to speak.
That's a good theory.
Well, it's not really a theory.
It's a fact.
I know a disgruntled postal worker.
We've got a disgruntled postal worker here at the station, actually.
Well, how did you disgrunt?
I mean, this has been going on since the 1820s, hasn't it?
I don't know.
I'm pretty gruntled myself.
How could you be any other way?
I've got slack.
We need to be well-gruntled.
I think we all need to be well-gruntled.
Not like being well-grounded, just gruntled.
Oh, to be gruntled.
That's all we ask, isn't it?
And that was some business from Radio Synesthesia with Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Dr. Sinister
and the various callers and friends.
Friends, friends, you are listening to Hour of Slack number 1105 from the Church of the Subgenius.
If you want more information about that mighty edifice, the Church of the Subgenius, friends,
check out subgenius.com.
Or you can write for free information from Subgenius at Post Office Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118, baby.
And now that that's been done, finally, I can play what this whole show has been pointing towards,
the world premiere, friends.
Of a new recording by none other than the great, groovy, bearded, not-you-Gary-himself,
Dr. Gary Gaprogfan and his new song, Dobbs Farm.
Dobbs Farm.
Dobbs Farm.
Dobbs Farm.
Dobbs Farm.
Dobbs Farm.
Dobbs Farm.
Dobbs Farm.
Dobbs Farm.
Dobbs Farm.
Dobbs Farm.
Dobbs Farm.
Dobbs Farm.
Dobbs Farm.
And in all this world of anguish,
he found me.
He did not want none to help, for he fed the captive, clothed the hungry, and comforted the naked.
Wouldn't it be funny if, you know, it's just, you know, and when you're funny, I have a hunch.
Of course.
Laugh.
Think about it.
Okay.
So, just, and I get out of the bathroom.
And notice.
Laugh.
There's another.
And then it kills me every time.
Go ahead, leave it to him.
Woohoo.
Oh, come on.
