From PR News in Washington, I'm earmarked for infrastructure and urban development.
PR's report reports a judge has struck down Kentucky.
Judge says PR News.
On Wall Street 46954446215.
Today, this is PR News.
How's that? You are a wee snot.
Ah-ho!
Ah-ho!
Wah-ha! Aren't you a bobby dazzler?
How's that? You are a wee snot.
Ah-ho!
Wah-ha! Aren't you a...
Self-genius. Power of...
Swag!
I promise to cut taxes for the rich and use the poor as a cheap source of tea for aquarium gravel.
That'll show those poor.
You're not rich.
But someday I might be rich, and then people like me better watch their step.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Alex Jones and David Duke met up and had a drink.
They laughed and joked and Alex said,
I'll tell you what I think!
Because of Trump's hyperbole and other crazy shit.
We used to be out on the fringe and now we're both legit.
Losing feels new to him and even though he's blue.
A billionaire with savoir faire has so much more to do.
It's back to Mar-a-Lago with the golf and chauffeur cars.
And if that doesn't work, there's always Dancing With The Stars.
Donald Trump called Roger Ailes...
...and said, I have a plan.
And when it comes to media, I know that you're the man.
Viagrified misogynists like us should act as one.
Let's partner up with Trump TV and really have some fun!
Woo!
Woo!
If I may, I dare to say, we've learned a valued lesson.
When cult of personality meets media obsession.
There's a brand new playbook.
We've passed on to our descendants.
Fabricate and elevate absurd to the transcendent.
He's right, you know.
Quite!
Indubitably.
Super psycho Nazi racist, Trump is psychopathic.
Killing off Republicans just makes it that more tragic.
Build a wall and make us rich and do it all with magic.
Super psycho Nazi racist, Trump is psychopathic.
Super psycho Nazi racist, Trump is psychopathic.
Super psycho Nazi racist, Trump is psychopathic.
Super psycho Nazi racist, Trump is psychopathic.
Hi, my name is Metroton.
You might know me by that other name, Satan.
I run the Soul Recycling Plant.
Some of you humans call it Gehinim or Hell.
During this All Hallows season, the adjacencies of our worlds,
I decided I'd accept the invitation of my student and vessel, Reverend Watdefock,
and give a friendly shout out to Stang, Susie, and all my good buddies at the Church of the Subgenius.
And to all you fine mutants listening at home,
a bit of helpful inside info for your success up in there and survival back out here.
Look, nobody thinks garbage men are actually made out of garbage, right?
Just like me.
Hey, I'm a legitimate businessman in waste management.
Now, how could I possibly have kept this place running all these millennia if I was motivated
by hatred, rage, and a passion to destroy everything?
Come on.
You have nothing to fear, my friends.
Only those fanatical dogmatists burn with rage to find themselves back here with every
other mortal and not flapping white bow-tie shaped wings in time to harp music or something.
But I'm confident you subgenii are healthy enough to recognize the sickle-sickle of the


cyclical unity of creation and destruction, and that you'll dance joyfully, laughing,
and sneezing and climaxing as you dissolve back into the sea of potential cosmic energy
from which all springs.
So from all of us here in the Heavenly Host, Saints Pete, Mike, Ann, and me, Satan, together
with the Most High, Mr. and Mrs. God and their family, who their friends call them, Yahweh
and Ashtarati, their sons, Jesus, Belial, Bob, Buddha, Cthulhu, and Krishna, and their
daughters Lilith, Virginia-whore, and the rest of the family, I'm sure you've heard of them.
And the twins, Zipporah, Laura, and Babette.
A joyous and prosperous solstice, Beltane, and New Year.
Oh, yeah, I wanted to add, nearly every time some religious, blithering idiot is calling
out something like, get thee behind me, Satan, of course I am nowhere around.
But it's just possible one of you might catch me when I'm attracted to his ignorant noise
and I've had a couple shots, and I start chanting, I'm not touching you, stop hitting yourself.
I'm not touching you, stop hitting yourself.
Sometimes I just love that little prank.
Okay.
This is Metroton, returning your electronic network device to its original programming.
By Reverend Wat Default.
Reverend Basil of the Psychoskeletons is going to be mad because we're talking over his music.
Oh, no.
But I'll play it again.
It's a little piece called Keyboardistan.
Yeah, or a guy named Basil should come up with something that sounds like a metabolistic
characteristic.
Well, I don't know.
I don't know.
Well, Reverend Basil is the Psychoskeletons.
Or he's one Psychoskeleton, but I think the other Psychoskeleton is probably just his computer.
Oh, he eats slightly peppery herb as well.
Oh, it's the dance of the...
Or carnivorous old man.
I hear the winter dance of the koala sperm harvest in the background.
That's the name of this.
It's the Rudy Schwartz project.
I like it.
Yeah.
I like it.


I like it.
Winter dance of the koala sperm harvest.
You know, I told you the show was ending just a little while ago, and yet it hasn't ended.
This is the show that refused to die.
This is...
I almost missed that one because I'm confused.
This is a confused show.
Like I told you, I've done...
I've had to put together three shows today.
And I've gotten really mixed up.
I've got a lot of stuff mixed up between them.
And this part here is going to end up on another show that's really mixed up between the last
X Day Drill and the X Day Drill before it.
It's a bunch of crazy stuff, man.
I just don't even know where this show's going, when it starts, when it ends.
And the horrible thing is with these new hearing aids, I can actually hear the show.
And that's what's making you cry.
And the song.
You realize that?

Yeah.
The awfulness.
Yeah.
Of the material you've been hoarding.
You've been rubbing so slowly like Smeagol and Gollum or whatever its name is.
It's like rubbing a ring or something like that around your shoulder.
My precious.
My precious shoulder shoulders.
My buffalo shoulders.
So you're wearing buffalo shorts now?
I was earlier, but then it got cold.
That's why we have to fly south.
Only we're not flying.
We're towing a giant load of art and books, actually.
Yeah.
In your case, you guys will be toe jamming.
Right.
All the way to Hinkleyville.
Well, Hinkleyville?
No, that's over by Cleburne.
Nobody goes over there.
It's boring.
Hey, you know what?
I'm going to play a different song now because-
But first, tell them it's .
Oh, I did.
Okay.
I'm going to play Nick of Time.
A subsequent show has just arrived, Dave, so I'm going to hang up and say goodbye.
Okay, Nick.
And I'm going to put on a song by Mutate Now, a German subgenius band in Germany.
Oh, I thought it was by Nick Cater and the four Nick Caters.
Doing an old Devo song called Mechanical Man.
See you later, Mechanic.
Mechanical Man.
See you later, Man.
Man.
Man.
Man.
Man.
Man.
Man.
Man.
Man.
Man.
Man.












Premature liao guy started playing....
I'm still in high school.


Excuse me, shorty.
I'm at the Rediresọt represents friends, though.
I'm a 2 plus 2 equals 4 man.
I'm a mechanical man.
I'm a mechanical man.
I'm a mechanical man.
I'm a mechanical man.
I'm a mechanical man.
I'm a mechanical man.
I'm a mechanical man.
2 mechanical arms.
2 mechanical legs.
I'm a 2 plus 2 equals 4 man.
We feel small.
We work well.
We run well.
We run well.
We feel small.
We work well.
We run well.
We go.
We feel small.
We work well.
We want what you want.
We feel small.
We work well.
We want what you got.
We feel small.
We work well.
What you want.
Oh yes, dear friends, and welcome to the hour of slack number 1,591.
The titles and news at the beginning of this episode came from Lemur.
Lemur. Super Psycho Nazi Racist Trump is Psychopathic was by the great Reverend Jimmy Ryan,
and he's been working on that for about a month. He would have beat everybody else to it, but
we were late with this show. In fact, that song is the main reason this show's not a re-run,
because we really did move the whole station to deepest rural Texas.
This is your host in prayer party, Reverend Ivan Stang, speaking to you from Tarzan's radio
station.
Now installed at the 9th Megafist Temple Lodge on Dockstock Mountain, Stang Ranch, Stangspill, Texas.
This used to be my parents' house, but they are on the saucers now,
so we have finished turning it into a proper Texas cult compound.
Our new studio is in a big room that already had animal heads and skins mounted on the walls,
but now they've been joined by a huge metal gobs head and lots of other bull dada.
We'll include Lonesome Cowboy Dave by phone in future shows produced here, but not tonight,
because we're still unpacking. We have several unreleased shows recorded last July at X Day Drill,
as well as lots of music and shenanigans from that same week-long festival. And tonight?
Tonight we're playing all kinds of leftover stuff, spillovers, recent subgenius head-launching news
commentary from Radio CineState.
Anesthesia on WCSB.
And some poetry by Reverend Andrew Genus from 18X Day.
Some Charles Dawkins remixed by Reverend Experimental, please.
Jimmy Ryan guitar.
And part two of the second 19X Day show with Dr. Howland Owl and Reverend Susie the Floozy,
both of whom have hosted their own subgenius radio shows for decades in San Francisco and Atlanta, respectively.
Well, anyway, that's what all we're going to be hearing.
But now, some tragic news from Dr. Sinister.
Well, hey, I heard some interesting news just now.
Okay.
That Arnold Palmer just died.
You know what the weird thing is? They did a joke about him on the Simpsons tonight.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.




They did a joke about Willy Wonka, you know, the Gene Wilder movie.
Man, there's something sinister going on, and I don't mean that in a good way.
Yeah.
With the Fox cartoons.
But, yeah, I'm thinking of what this means for the church's subgenius.
Actually, nothing, because there has not been a single launch of the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer in a decade or more.
Mm-hmm.
So.
Apparently, we were over him before the rest of, you know, before he was over himself.
But we definitely couldn't do a launching of the bleeding head now.
It just wouldn't be tasteful.
Maybe, maybe, just maybe, this will bring it back.
I don't know.
Right, right.
When you don't hear me say anything, that means I'm checking the recordings, making sure the numbers.
Everything's going fine.
Yeah.
No trouble.
No trouble.
When you don't hear me say anything, feel very happy.
Well, feel free to shoot something in.
Yeah.
Just make some remark that occurs to you, and it'll all become part of the permanent Akashic Records.
Etched in.
Yeah.
Bob remembers everything.
Preserved in Edomantium.
I'm going to become part of the fossil record.
Well, you can dance to it.
It's got a good beat.
We're swinging here at X Day 19.
On top of a whole.
A whole geological heap of fossiliferous organisms.
The geological column ascends and stops under us.
Creation has occurred that I can be.
The ages have an heir, and I am he.
So I hope everyone is comfortable and ready for what is to come.
What does Owee Moet mean?
What does Owee Moet mean?
Owee Moet mean Dr. Howell?
Or do I need to give you a dollar before I ask you?
Tonight the lions eat.
The lions are going to eat all these saps who are lying around.
I guess it means the time of gathering the easily harvested.
So appropriate.
I have an alternative to the Ask Dr. Howell show,
which we'll do either Saturday or Sunday when there's lots of people here.
It's the Tell Reverend Stang show.
You pay me a dollar and I'll sit and listen to your whining or your jokes or your story.
Sounds like the Tell Off Reverend Stang show.
You can do that.
You can tell me off.
You can yell at me.
But you do have to pay me.
And don't ask me anything.
This is the Tell Reverend Stang show.
So.
Just.
And that's available.
First time you ever heard of it.
That service is available 24-7 pretty much.
You can wake me up and yell at me as long as you pay me.
What?
They can come into the house?
Well, if they can find us.
I guess the 24-7 offer is not really applicable.
Ah, yes, yes, yes.
Yes, Tell Off Reverend Stang.
So we've also taken unto ourselves.

The Grindhouse.
And last night we're showing one of the Chinese epic trilogy films.
The Monkey King Legend.
And what an exciting film it is.
And there are more movie thrills to come.
Aren't they, Stang?
Yeah, except that the last two nights everybody went down to the stage and watched the live
show.
You see.
So we're going to do that.
And the only people in here were you, me, and Dr. Dark watching them.
And a couple other people watching Monkey King on and off.
Yes, just a handful of us were watching that.
Because see, why would you go to a campground and watch movies?
The movie's in the can.
You can watch it any time.
You can't frop with your fellow subgeniuses except at X Day.
Or I guess you could drive all over the country doing that.
Yes, try to work your way out of that one.
I'll just start the screen show again.
So, yeah, thank you.
Thank you for helping me change the subject here.
All right.
Well, let's not mention The Grindhouse then, which apparently no one will attend.
We can leave that option open.
We'll see.
It was fun around dinner time.
I was wondering what else you had assembled for it.
You mean what other movies?
Yeah.
Oh, I've got a movie called Enter the Void.
Anybody familiar with that?
Enter the Void?
Yeah.
It was a Gaspar Noe directed it.
Oh, my God.
It's very, very, very twisted.
It would be.
It's all one shot, ostensibly.
It's all one point of view.
The entire movie is a point of view shot of a dead man.
He's alive at the beginning of the movie and on drugs.
And while he's alive, he stands in front of a mirror and when he blinks, the screen goes
black for a second.













And then he dies somehow and there's no more blinking after that.
But he can fly all over Tokyo as a ghost.
And it's just this one endless shot.
He flies through walls and spies on whore houses and goes to see his girlfriend.
And oh, it's a cosmic and disturbing movie.
I could put that one on.
Well, it's not for kids, though.
No.
It would have to be late at night.
As Robert Crumb said, not everything is for kids.
Not everything is for kids.







Not everything is for everyone.
And one for all.
And this is a good time for me to turn off this recorder.
And this recorder is still running, but I have to flip this.
Okay, Jerry Todd.
Tell everyone how you do your technical tricks.
This is the visible show.
Behind the scenes.
Yes.

Just let our people who are listening know exactly what's going on behind the scenes
to familiarize them with our procedures.
Thank you.
I just got a nice note.
It says, please don't all come at once.
Huh?
But anyone who is not yet registered can come and be registered by Princess We Are
Dole.
By golly, that's right.
I could use some coming.
Queen of all the UFOs.
She will register you as you've never been registered before and give you a copy
of the registration booklet.
Is it like that deer processing business thing?
Yeah.
This is the deer crossing sign.
Do they have a lot of signs around here?
Yes.
I saw the signs.
I'm like, what is that, immigration?
Wow.
Wow.
Do they put those deer crossing signs?
So the deer can read them, of course.
I thought that was to do the antler dance.
Someone wrote a letter to the New York State Highway Department complaining that they always
put deer crossing signs where the deer would get run over when they read them.
Remember, deer crossing signs.















Oh.
Yeah.
Why don't they put them at school crossings?
You know, because kids are going to be crossing anyway.
That woman was identified by trolls on the internet and boy, did they make her feel dumb.
But she later came out and said, well, that may have been a dumb thing for me to say, but
I'm not as dumb as all those haters hating on me.
And I agree.
Really?
I did think it was my fault.
It was one of the funniest things I've ever heard in my life.
I thought it was funny.
And it was dumb.
It was one of the dumbest things.
But I also knew that the bullies would come out and be so very mean.
Because you know you always got to pick on somebody just a little dumber than you, right?
Is that really the whole smart Mr. Smarty Pants?
Well, they like to recognize dumbness in someone other than themselves.
What would Saint Stupid say?
He would say, I know, I know.
But you know you never know.
He's a real dummy pants.
He thinks he's the dumbest guy in the whole world.
Mr. Dummy Pants.
Saint Stupid.
Well, actually that's Saint Stupid, not to be confused with Bishop Joey, his oracle.
He's Mr. Dummy Pants.
Mr. Stupid Pants, I call him.
Thinks he's stupider than Bob.
Santo is stupid.
Come on.
You really think you're stupider than Bob, Mr. Stupid Pants?
Well, it's such a thing as...
Well, I don't know.
Against the law.
Coming around here today.


Whang.
Doing that.

Taking the butler as the skipper.
Well thank you so much to all of your examples for that.
You didn't song that song last time you did?



Why don't I try to tell you a bit more original song for you.

Well, I just want you, as Chief Ken there, to know what a great mansion Saint Stupid

Oh dear.
Great стоит site is it.


We're going to have a fair and Nou bleiben Thais Н принимен энс Arologist
for the Bulldada auction.
We are collecting and assimilating those contents now.
Unfortunately, a crate of exclusive items
was not, by an accident, shipped to Ex Day.
So we're trying to take up the slack, as it were.
Actually, it wasn't a big shipment.
It was a thong, a tiny little thong
with a bob on the front and a knee-gee on the very back.
Yes, the thong remains the same.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I thought it was a crate, a box.
No, no, no.
Just one manhole cover?
And some fridge magnets, bob fridge magnets.
And I voted for Bob Button.
I ordered a whole bunch of I voted for Bob Buttons.
But no one gets one.
Oh, the Trump people got in the way, or Killary or somebody.
Those fascist pigs were hassling some righteous dudes.
Oh, yeah.
Well, at any rate, we have got some nifty Ex Day
bull-dodger auction materials together
that will startle you and shock you and surprise you.
But we need more.
So if you have any to contribute to the aggregate,
please bring them in.
In any case, come and join in the joyful bidding
for the detritus of the Church of the Sun.
And I hope you'll join us for the next episode
of the Subgenius, which is a large part of everything that happens.
Ah, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Are we not all toys or baubles for Bob?
Recording, everything's going fine.
Yes.
Going fine.
No sign of disintegration.
Oh, what was...
Oh, we were talking about establishing a subgenius.
We were establishing a competition
for the Creationist Museum in Stainesville
called the Destructionist Museum.
Yes, that was a good idea.
We got at least that far.
Establish justice, ensure domestic tranquility,
provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare.
And I see you brought in a news sheet.
Yeah, this is an article
about the Creation Evidence Museum in Stainesville.
And there's a picture of Dr. Ball,
the creationist scientist.
My father got interested in just exactly where Dr. Ball,
the creationist, got his doctorate.
And it turned out to come from the Dr. Ball Institute,
which is located on a vacant lot next to his museum.
Well, the important thing is to be certified.
Yes, this museum shows how Jesus rode a triceratops into Jerusalem.
But, yeah, you can go to the Creationist Museum in Stainesville.
And you can see these absurd dioramas in there, in the museum.
Happy children before Noah's flood play with their pet theropods.
Since Facebook busted me, I might as well admit
that Stainesville isn't really called Stainesville.
It's really called Smithtown.
And Smithtown is a lot better than Jonestown.
Yeah.
So far.
It's bigger than Jonestown.
Bigger and better.
Because we learn from our mistakes.
And as Mark Twain said,
I was dead for billions and billions of years before I was born,
and never suffered the smallest inconvenience.
So we were all dead through the time of the dinosaurs
and the time of the trilobites
and the time of early humans and so on.
Um, I mean, I do think that,
there is something quite frightening about the idea of eternity.
The idea of just eternity going on and on and on and on and on.
Um, but, again, eternity before you were born
is just about as frightening as eternity after you're dead.
Um, and to the extent that eternity is frightening,
I think I want to spend eternity under a general anaesthetic.
And that's exactly what's going to happen.
Hmm.
Because when you're dead, of course, you're going to die.
Yes, you are.
Anaesthetised.
You don't know about it.
I think the nearest I could come to that would be
dying for, to preserve truth,
something like scientific proof, something like that.
Um, I, um, I value what humanity has achieved,
not just in science, but in literature and music and things as well.
Um, I, um, I do think there's something sad about the prospect that there will come a
I do think there's something sad about a single entity anywhere in the universe will know,
not a single entity anywhere in the universe will know anything about Shakespeare or Mozart,
anything about, um, Shakespeare and so on.
Oh.
Uh, well then, you can't really be too sure about that.

I think there's something about the schedule or about what might be shown or what might happen on the stage.
But there are some things that we know about, I suppose, and can, can confidently say are going forth, going forward.
Well, we'll have the baptism on Saturday.
That's about one of the few things that's scheduled.
And the party, the big party with costume party, formerly we had a theme.
I thought it was the no costume party.
Yeah, from now on, well, no or what?
This year, the no costume party.
Yeah, or the, uh, come up with your own idea party.
I've got mine. It's a secret, though.
All right, well, there you go.
Everybody's gonna laugh. It's real funny.
For, well, for a minute.
Like this show, funny for a minute.
Funny.
But slack for an hour.
Not funny, haha.
Slack to the future. Slack lives matter. Slack magic.
From the dawn of time.
Yeah, slack from the dawn of time.
The time that time forgot again and again.
All right, well, I might want to peruse that article when you're through with it.
Well, it was, oh, it's actually really funny.
It's for when things get too slow.
I used to believe and teach the theory of evolution, and I do not any longer, Dr. Baugh explained.
Part of the evidence that led me to adapt the evolutionary theory was the Piltdown Man.
Ha ha ha.
The Piltdown Man was a transitional form, but later it was found to be a frog.
The other philosophy is creation, and that we were designed and created.
And I hold to that for scientific reasons, for experimental reasons, and for biblical reasons.
I don't care.
Uh, so because one theory was wrong, all theories are wrong, friends.
Mm-hmm.
Well, you can pick and choose your theories, and you can scratch and sit while you pick them and choose them,
and chew and spit and pick and scratch, and then you'll have yourself a unified religion, theology, or philosophy.
Or you can just believe us in the church of the subgenius and not go through that procedure.
Well, but you see, the naturalist philosophy of evolution is based on...
Seven assumptions, none of which have ever been demonstrated in a laboratory or found in a field investigation.
But what about God's laboratory, and what about the divine field investigation?
Well, yeah, of course. But look, there are seven assumptions that have not been proven, Dr. Baugh said.
Yes, seven holes in the head, the seven hills of Rome, seven brides for seven brothers.
Okay, number one...
Seven come alive and eight will be confused.
Number one, non-living elements gave rise to living material.
That's never been proved.
Happens all the time.
That's never been proved, but now it's scientifically not true.
It happens right over here in this part of the universe, that when you put enough energy into matter, it likes to organize itself.
And we even have crystals and inanimate mineral forms which deliberately make themselves more complicated and organize themselves into lattices.
Lattices of new creation.
Well, that's just ridiculous, and it's not biblical.
Number two assumption that's never been proven.
Spontaneous generation occurred only once.
No, spontaneous generation was for a long time the only method around until the invention of sex, which was followed afterwards with the necessary invention of death.
Number three that has never been proven experimentally.
Viruses, bacteria, plants, and animals are all related.
That's just crazy.
Not only has it been proven, but that person who wrote that shouldn't be given antibiotics when he goes to the hospital since it apparently interferes with the depth of his belief.
Number four, it's never been proven that single-celled life forms gave rise to multiple-celled life forms.
Well, apparently no one ever asked a single-celled life form about that.
But our most simple multi-cell life forms even today are made of joined cluster of single cells.
Number five, those silly scientists think that various invertebrate phyla are interrelated.
Yes, it's odd why anyone would think that shelled creatures with dorsal hearts and ventral nervous systems would all be related.
Well, Mr. Smarty Pants, number six that's never been proved is invertebrates gave rise to the vertebrates.
Now you proved that to me, Mr. Smarty Pants.
Oh, I don't think anybody thinks that. I think we were squashy and wiggly before we got all these hardened cartilaginous parts and later bones.
And the seventh assumption that is so stupid is that fish gave rise to amphibians, to reptiles, to birds, to mammals, to primates, to man.
Apparently man, primates, and mammals are all different.
Well, according to the Bible, they are all standing on the other side and not given the souls which the monkey boy humans are awarded on the basis of no deserving nature whatsoever.
So here we have an Australopithecus that according to philosophy may have a feature that would transition to homo, yet the evidence shows he was simply an ape.
The descent of man.

The descent of man is shown thousands of times today between television, newspapers, and textbooks.
But what the propaganda does not talk about at all is all of the precursors leading up to homo everlast.
One of them being disqualified by the academic, scientific, and evolutionary communities.
Yet they leave the image in place assuming that something else will come along to take its place.
So every few months you get a new variation of the descent of man.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.


.
.
.
.

.
.
.





.



stakes which get plowed under so that another attempt to travel toward perfection may be made.
Hey, we've done a whole hour of show.
Funny how that works out. But this, oh, there it is. I thought for a moment the slide show had failed us,
but now I'm looking at the pinboard daubs made of thousands of pins, or I was a moment ago.
There's a little sidebar here, I'll close with this.
The Creation Evidence Museum houses a replica of the Gutenberg Press and the Gutenberg Bible,
and is now in possession of the smallest Bible in the world.
The world's teeniest, tiniest Bible. You have to use an electron microscope to read the book of Genesis.
It's a hologram.
Even clapturms can read the Bible now.
Oh, it was sent to the museum.
Oh, it was sent to the museum.
It came in the mail embedded behind a postage stamp.
Local artist Robert Summers, who's my neighbor by the way,
had the privilege of being the person to cut and peel the stamp back to reveal the hologram Bible behind it.
The stamp was sealed with a little drop of human blood from the mortification of the flesh of the fabricator.
Ah, yes, and we're going to put that Creation Museum out of business
with our Destructionist Museum.
Yeah, that'll be a lot more entertaining.
I've got devil skeletons on our property in Texas, got alien skeletons, cave subgenius skeletons.
All vertebrates.
So, here are the signs that we're going to put along the highway leading to our new exhibit.
Let's hear it.
Signs for our roadside attractions.
See live snakes and giant man tracks.
Five dollars.
Fossil ghost footprints.
Next stop.
Five dollars.
Proof that Bigfoot mated with dinosaurs.
Bible truth.
Five dollars.
Devil and alien skeletons.
Next stop.
Five dollars.
Noah's Ark sank here.
Five dollars.
See living fossils killed.
Five dollars.
Turn back and see the thing.
Five dollars.
Bootleg corner.
Authentic.
Five dollars.
Blue liquor.
One dollar a swig.
Next to the port it can.
Or Philo added this one.
Run for your life nature walk on your way out.
One dollar extra.
And of course, man eating chicken.
Right.
Otherwise known as Heathen Hammer.
Whenever you're in Stange County, Texas, you can go to the Dinosaur State Park, Dinosaur World,
Creation Evidences Museum, and the subgenius destructionist museum.
Yes.
Stop in for the dehumanization chamber.
Yes, yes, yes.
Seats 112.
And with that, we end this Hour of Slack.
You've been listening.
That doesn't mean we have to get up and go.
No.
We'll tell you next about the curse of the winking lizard and other improbable allegories.
You've been listening to Hour of Slack number 1500.
And for more information, please feel free to visit subgenius.com.
Insert file number here.
Praise Bob.
Boop.
End of show.
Begin next show now.
Start projector on tool.
Oh, yes.
Dear friends.
Another Hour of Slack begins.
It may not go on for very long, but at least we've got a beginning of one.
One is during the past.
When men were men.








Many Anniversary characters
And otherещ
moments
And ice
that
presented
many
real
theory of changes in gene frequencies in populations.
That was actually a big change.
Genes, which are things you can count, they're digital, you can count them.
Some of them become more frequent in the population,
others become less frequent in the population.
So that was a major evolutionary step in the evolution of evolutionary theory.
There were other major steps in the 1960s, 70s,
where, yeah, that was not so important, but that was it.
And in parallel to that, from the 1950s onwards,
genetics became digital in the sense of the actual molecular structure of a gene.
The Watson and Crick gene is just a long, long gene.
It's a little string of computer tape.
And that has hugely changed the way we think about evolution.
We now think about, we can now actually compare any two animals you like,
or any two plants and animals you like,
and actually look at the digital sequence of code letters in their genes,
count the number of differences between them,
literally count them, and compute how closely related they are.
And even calculate how long ago their shared ancestor lived.
And that's a huge advance, a huge advance,
when molecular biology became digital.
I changed my mind about something called the handicap principle,
which is, um, mostly arose in sexual selection.
Darwin's other theory, sexual selection,
the peacock's tail theory,
the peacock has this gorgeous fan,
because the peahen, um, likes the look of it.
And there was a theory, there is a theory, called the handicap theory,
which suggests that the reason why,
not just peacock fans, but sexually selected characters,
are favored by females,
is that they are handicaps.
Everybody knew they were handicaps.
But the idea, the handicap principle idea,
was that the reason why a particular sexually selected character is favored,
is precisely that it's a handicap.
And in a way, the female is saying to herself,
this male has managed to survive,
in spite of carting around this ridiculous, um,
um,
advertisement.
So he must be a pretty good male.
Yes.
Um, that's putting it very colloquially indeed,
and I was extremely and vocally skeptical of that
in the first edition of Selfish Gene, my first book.
And I was converted to accept a more mathematical version
of the handicap principle by, actually by a student of mine, Alan Graff,
um, who produced a most brilliant, um,
mathematical model to show that the handicap principle
can actually be made to work.
It originated from an Israeli zoologist called Zahavi,
who didn't do it mathematically.
And you happily changed your mind.
Yes, and so in the second edition, um, of the Selfish Gene,
I, I explained Graff and Smollett's handicap principle.
And as Mark Twain said,
I was dead for billions and billions of years,
before I was born,
and never suffered the smallest inconvenience.
Ha ha ha ha!
.

.
So, I'm gonna tell you one other thing about the mysteries of X-Day.
There are many strange creatures out there in the bushes.
Name one, name one.
Well, that's just the thing, they're strange.
The candiru toad.
The candiru toad, that's one of them.
That's the nastiest, just about.
Is awful.
But, um, they're part of that strange biological wealth
that only that little corner of the globe has,
in that strange wrinkle of the Earth's crust.
Is that one of the ones that crawls up the man's...
Yeah.
Yes.
Oh, it's a toad.
It's not a fish, it's a toad.
It's a toad, but the action is the same.
It actually crawls up in your guineas?
The toad itself does not, but...
It goes in your guinean.
It nests in the bladder of large mammals.
And lays its eggs.
Yeah, Stang has to go and have this taken care of at a medical institution pretty soon.
Yeah, I'm gonna be gone the week...
I may not be able to make it to the devotional because they have to remove the toad tadpoles.
But, on the other hand, it's an outpatient procedure, and after being in the hospital one day,
Stang may be able to attend the devotional,
at which point he'll whip down his trousers and have a most unpleasant surprise for the audience.
Well, I'm hoping they'll let me keep the tadpoles.
Why did you have to put it that way?
It's a large mass of jelly-like eggs attached to the nearest free-floating object.
Right, they have to go in there and scrape those things out.
The audience.
I did what you're not supposed to do.
I walked down the yellow trail and thought,
Well, I don't wanna go...
Well, I yell about...
Those chem toilets are so hot and stinky.
They leave chem trails in there.
It's not to...
Right, they cause autism.
I was gonna go down to the...
You know, just go out in nature.
But the problem is, nature will crawl up your urethra.
Nature's natural.
In certain conditions.
All those urethra Franklin records have their effect.
I would not listen to country music.
Well, it's your privilege as an American.
Not to listen to country music.
I don't know what kind of a NASCAR-hating, terrorist-loving American...
You are.
Yeah.
Yeah, buddy.
Love it or leave it.
She ain't a country music lover.
I even took her home to meet my mother.
But it broke my aching heart to discover...
That she weren't a country music lover.
Did you hear that a lot?
Did you know that most of the relatives of the Great Sphinx are not the...
Boy, I'll say.
Somebody open the window.
Death metal, black metal.
Hmm.
What's part of the Great Trail is stretches all the way from Sandusky to Pittsburgh.
These trails loop back upon themselves and deposit you right back at Wisteria.
They don't lead away.
You can't get away from Wisteria.
No.
You can walk for hours thinking you're going west.
And really, you're suddenly...
Copper metal.
It's twilight, John.
There you are, right back at Caffeina's Cosmic Cafe.
Time for an iced coffee.
The new one today is plastic metal.
You know what else it's time for.
So this one, you might like some of the imagery.
It's called Chocolate, Wine, and Porn.
So maybe somebody might do somebody's favorite in one of these, one of those three.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know for certain.
MyПрose intensity is human.

not all black and white, God.
I'mann Guy.
I think all of us are.
It's not just when I talk about
dark chocolate, red wine, grainy porn, still no silicone video, hairy, hot, and real.
My brain stops here. I want to know what you do by yourself and what with.
Times I've known you, there is love and doors that close on making love,
sudden, no warning, no formula to break barriers.
Still, I believe you, once mistress of these three classic pleasures,
exciting, still, and dulling nerve endings in your endorphin cocktail haze.
Lover, may you have remembered me.
I remember your backpack at the bus stop, what your intent eyes knew,
your sleeping beauty on post-collegiate futon,
how the three of us that one time barely fit in the shower.
Want to fast forward this stuck cassette, see what is now,
what is now, what is now.

unstuck passion together might come beyond memory, beyond numbing, beyond the endorphin rush of running.
Pour me a pinot. I'll bring the raw cacao.
I'll bring the raw cacao.
I'll bring the raw cacao.
I'll bring the raw cacao.
Can you hear this all right? All right.
On the Lindenwald train.
On the Lindenwald train to Philly, you keep approaching to interrupt an otherwise perfect spring fever.
Warm enough tonight to feel cute on South Street in jean and short black jacket,
and at the ease back home where Forsythia announced the inevitable end to cold.
On my way to meet the Pali people.
Same place we met.
Once at the inevitable start.
This train best get going.
Take me to my punk rock roots and motley crew of a mock up family.
So I forget how once last fall I would have liked to catch you sleepy mojito in hand and me with knives in mind.
Luck held out for both of us.
Trees still bear.
I long to lie naked in the neighborhood under natural cover, but I will not rush this season.
It pushes me slowly along from last September when I lay trapped in a learning curve of drinking and dreaming your house demolition.
Woodcrest station.
A musty man stinking of BO and basement chatters questions.
I am annoyed by my impulse to answer.
Glad to break for the tumbling thoughts of broken intentions, secret darknesses that I have felt have left strange nutrients.
I lap up new.
Knowledge.
Drops of blood to a ravenous bat.
I turn my head to breathe.
The box is open now.
There will be more weapons forged with sparks of light.
I rest relieved it is someplace else.
Your poisonous script will run.
My feet hit eighth and market smooth in the rhythm of my streets.
That was the beautiful Reverend Andrew Genus live at X Day.
Live at X Day.

18 X Day in fact.
The guitar work in between the poems was by Reverend Jimmy Ryan.
But now by time control, Reverend Andrew Genus joins us on Radio Synesthesia.
Reverend Andrew, I'll call you tomorrow during the daytime.
Okay.
From my phone.
Well, yes, there is that.
I'm a house guest of Reverend Ivan Stang at the moment.
Back in the Slacker Mansion.
The one with the gorilla statue out in front that everyone in Cleveland is so familiar with.
I would like to visit Slacker Mansion one of these days.
Can we make that happen?
Absolutely.
We'd love to have you.
We have a luxurious guest room and library.
And yeah, just drive around Cleveland looking for the giant blue gorilla.
Or call me first and ask the address.
Yeah, he'll give you the address.
It's easier.
That's how people find us over in Cleveland Heights.
The stalkers, they just look for the giant.
You only have to drive up and down a few hundred residential streets and you'll see that giant blue gorilla.
There's only one.
I'll sing my harmonium.
I'll sing some mantras.
It's called the grape ape.
Well, you'll have your harmonium with you and a zither maybe.
Maybe a zither.
Maybe a, I don't know, harmonium for sure.
Maybe the washboard.
Maybe I'll bring the mountain boys washboard.
Okay.
Yeah.
Sounding better all the time.
And the gorilla will be happy.
That's a well-tuned washboard.
Oh, oh.
By the way.
While we get things together, why don't I play one, it's about a three-minute collection
of...
They're all clips from Futurama that seem to be about X Day.
Ah.
Yeah.
Let's do that.
There's a couple of shows that just seem to be about X Day.
Some shows play other stuff during the show.
End of the world Futurama.
Proud of yourself, Bev.
You've turned this perfectly worthless loser into an addict.
Cut me some slack, preacher.
I'm just a coal grinder's daughter trying to stay off the pole.
Let's see.
I think it means...
I think it means...

The sun will erupt, all shall perish, blah, blah, blah.
Get to the point.
What does it say about me, Bender?
Nothing.
But it does say a great cataclysm will destroy the world in the year 3012.
The world?
That's where I live.
Told you it'd say something about me.
So the world will end in 3012.
Why does that year sound so familiar?
Because that's the year that's this year.
Is it just me, or is the world ending more often these days?
The calendar pretty much says it all.
The year it expires, earthquakes, shark-splosions, then it just ends.
Exactly as the weather balloon foretold.
It's starting.
This is the end of the world.
Some of us were crazy before it was cool.
Evacuating the planet in three, two...
So long, Earth. Thanks for nothing.
Stop the end of the world sex!
We might survive after all!
I translated your warning that the world was doomed.
Not your world. Our world.
We put calendar there to warn you not to visit Mars.
It's Mars that's gonna be destroyed.
Why you think we're so eager to abandon this dump?
My God!
One of the hundreds of contradictory prophecies is coming true!
It's just as I thought.
I only now began to fear.
The solar flares are igniting subsurface gas pockets!
All in all, it's a fine day for an apocalypse.
You've been listening to the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information, write to P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland, DC.

Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Or see www.subgenius.com
Praise Bob!
