You may think your husband has never killed a man, but you're wrong.
And before I take him in to face the charges, he'll try to kill me.
Oh, yeah.
Why?
Skunk, skunk, skunk, skunk, skunk, skunk, skunk.
Kill me.
In the House, 11 Democrats and 10 Republicans died last night.
Last night, commercial telemarketers voted for the measure,
with one voting for almost an hour, and 215 senators not voting.
Last night in the House, both the House and Senate voted for drugs last night.
The U.S. Senate is spending its stake on the right of your screen.
Last night.
And they weren't arrested.
Help! We're being invaded!
The civil bureaus of world governments have been engaged in an incredible and deep cover-up
of the real menace of the stepped-up UFO invasion of their target, Earth.
The police departments of the world are helpless before the kidnappers of the UFO.
This, too, we now know to be fact.
...that the Legionnaire's disease...
...is just a test run by the conspiracy for some certain nerve...
...nerve gas and germ warfare there.
They go after patriots first.
Now, that's...
It doesn't...
It doesn't matter who's in office, because it's all hidden from us.
CBS and Time magazine...
...sheer conspiracy.
That's...
...sheer conspiracy garbage.
We found out that...
...the front page to the back, I don't know.
That's right.
We found out, for instance, on our own, that Jimmy Carter, Mondale, Walter Cronkite, all those big guys in power,
they're Russian clones.
They're doubles that have been put in there.
By the men in black.
Damn it.
Human flesh is porky meaty.
Whoa!
We are the men in black.
We are the men in black.
Big time in Washington.
Preacher, with me, had a man.
I'm a man.
Why is he acting so strange?
Do you think he's one of them?
Guys, you were talking about how you saw Earth, and the Church saw Earth, as an intergalactic truck stop for aliens.
That's right.
That's one of the reasons why we're here.

That's one of the reasons why you see so many UFO reports and things.
Enlarge on that.
How does this work into the Church?
Well, basically, we feel that there's going to be some extra ornery aliens landing in about 1998.
And to them, we're nothing more than little insects.
And they're going to be leaving some high technology equipment that's so far and above anything that we can comprehend.
It's going to be like giving the atomic bomb to a nursery school.
We're dying to be invaded and put the flame on something concrete.
Waiting for the UFOs.
Waiting for the UFOs.
We are waiting for the UFOs.
We know that they're there.
In Revelation, it says,
Behold, he cometh with clouds, and every eye shall see him.
Well, number one, to say that Christ is reigning over the Earth now would be to me a horrible disappointment.
We are still living in a world that is ruled by Satan.
And it shall be until Jesus does return again.
A space probe is now traveling in our solar system, monitoring life on Earth.
It may already have been seen by American astronauts.
Gemini 7 here, USA 90 read.
Have bogey at 10 o'clock on.
You and Mr. Sulu will match course and speed with the object on our sensors, exactly.
So we have a bogey at 10 o'clock on.
Bogey is the code word for an unidentified aircraft.
But a bogey in space is almost beyond belief.
Or is it?
He has sensors.
I want him to think that we're a reflection.
Sad cake.
They live in their own dimension.
So we see only their servants, the human arms.
The Aetherian overlords of the UFO have thinking minds, feelings, and emotions like we do.
It all screwed up.
I had seven of them after me.
Are you really?
Why did you say you're from outer space?
Because I am.
Now don't say that.
Have you been out there?
See, that's the important thing.
Nobody's been there.
They got six clowns, one marine officer, and the rest of the Navy guys trying to get a piece of cement up in the air.
I believe in flying saucers.
I talked to a clown the other day.
He said, that's a lot of jazz.
I said, are you reading Popular Mechanics or looking out?
I said, I've never seen any, but there are 400 billion stars out there.
Is this the only hip planet?
Everybody's got to see everything.
They're all, you know, from Missouri.
I see.
I don't believe anything.
It's going to happen, boy, when we land.
It's not going to be like H.G. Wells or any of the clowns, you know, space after dark and all that.
We're going to come in on Halloween so that it's a big joke anyway.
You know, trick or treat.
Charles Adams thing and say, hello, lady.
I'm from Mars.
Oh, you got a wonderful costume on.
All right, next.
What a great way.
We'd never attack on Christmas.
But Halloween is meat for us.
And all the little kids bug him to death.
Look at him, boy.
He looks all fuzzy and green and everything.
All right.
We're ready to go.
14.
Gee, that was really interesting.
Thank you very much, Mr. Opinion.
Oh, pardon me.
I was possessed for a second by one of those alien trans creatures.
Well, I noticed your skin started to flush terribly when you did that.
Is that normal or does that have to do with the.
Only when the creatures take over.
I'm trying to fight them off.
Pardon me.
We have a problem with some of these alien conspiracy members trying to take over our brains.
And that's how you fight them back?
With the.
We use that.
We use that.
What do you call that?
The salute?
Yeah, that's the salute.
Do you have to practice that a lot in front of the mirror or behind the mirror?
Yeah, we practice these meditations for hours at a time.
Or sometimes it's completely spontaneous.
It's something that you realize needs to be done and your face will respond in such a way.
Well, what do you think about like if visitors from other planets, supposedly, was a little bit more sensitive to the environment.

And that they would be more sensitive to the environment.
Yeah, that's one theory I've heard that maybe the human race in a couple of thousand years gets so advanced that they create time control.
In other words, we have a feeling that if they create time control, it'll probably be from using our subgenius patented time control devices.
If they come back, it's only to grease their mistakes.
That's the only reason.
They're just trying to remake history.
I'm afraid.
I've heard things, you know, like on radio talk shows, like on Ed Bush talk shows, as a matter of fact, that some people called in.
And I read in some magazines, too, that they were working on some kind of a time contraption.
Maybe we have sent giant shock waves throughout the universe.
And the aetherians are here on Earth trying to find out what they can do about this intrusion.
Stay seated.
It's a bit hard to swallow.
Yeah.
You expect us to really believe that someone has duped us to the point where we would actually elect to office or actually tune in on our TV someone who's not an American?
You think that's bad?
They're being manipulated by creatures from outer space.
We found that advanced supersonic Nazi hell creatures from inside the hollow Earth are conspiring to take over this whole planet.
Folks, this diatribe will continue right after this break.
Yeah, yeah.
It's reasonable to expect that the 1980s were the best.
The Nazis will have its share of death and destruction.
Gentlemen, the situation at this time is so serious that it's the worst in human history.
The fate of the entire Earth is in our hands.
Every hour, we are getting news that our factories and our refineries and schools are being attacked with rays of an unknown origin.
They haven't been analyzed so far.
Thousands of people are dead.
The attacks are not coming from outer space, our scientists say.
and certain monsters have been seen that appear to come from before the ice age,
long before the history of mankind.
They have to be stopped.
Here to tell us all about this princess dragon mom
is our scientific expert, Professor Chang.
We and many others believe that the next decade, beginning in 1980,
holds the greatest prophetic potential
since the destruction of Jerusalem in 70 A.D.
Our planet will witness only three cometary visitors from outer space.
However, in 1980, there will be eight comets in our solar system.
Thus, there are eleven horns of the political monstrosity
of the beast of Daniel 7, verses 7 and 8.
The Bible declares that the heavens are for signs
and Jesus is for signs.
This exhorts us to look for signs
which will be in the heavens in the last days.
I...
One already fell.
Frightening signs are already tumbling from the heavens.
And then Jesus Christ comes back with you and me.
Men's hearts paling them for fear,
for looking after those things which have come to pass on the earth,
for the powers of heaven shall be shaken.
And now we're reading the identical truths in Reader's Digest.
I tell you, the time is short.
The signs are here.
When you're coming back, Jesus,
when you see unusual space phenomena.
It started in 57.
How would you like a $1,000 contribution to your faith?
I would love it.
All right, show me one flying saucer
or one legitimate person from outer space.
I keep asking you, but you never come up with one.
Like I told you, Joe, I don't think you'd believe it.
That's what I mean.
Well, that's only because you know that I don't believe you, right?
You don't believe there's people on other planets?
We'll come to that in a moment.
Don't you believe the Bible?
Yes, we read the Bible.
We can sense the character of God, the author.
And may I say this, friend,
that the Bible is the only book that we could ever read
and we cannot understand it unless we know the author personally.
Good morning, Lord.
Morning, Archangel.
You're looking mighty spry.
Can't complain, Lord.
That's good.
A little bile custard, Lord.
Thank you very kindly.
It looks nice.
Ten cents cigar, Lord.
Thank you.
Thank you.
How's the fish fry going?
Oh, the best one yet, Lord.
And how you shouters getting over?
Keeping the marching and singing the whole morning.
I hear you.
You're getting as good as the choir at the throne.
What?
What's the matter, Lord?
I ain't just sure yet.
There's something about this custard.
Ain't it all right, Lord?
It don't seem seasoned just right.
Did you make it?
Yes, Lord.
I put everything in it like all it does.
It's supposed to be perfect.
Yes, I can taste the eggs and cream and the sugar.
Oh, I know what it is.
It needs a little bit more firmament.
Oh, there's firmament in it, Lord.
Maybe, but it ain't enough.
It's all we had.
There ain't a drop left in the jug.
Oh, that's all right.
I'll just rob back and pass America.
Let there be some firmament.
And when I say let there be some firmament,
I don't mean no little bitty dab of firmament.
In case I'm getting sick and tired of running out of it when we need it.
Let there be a whole mess of firmament.
That's the way I like it.
Well, he's got the order.
There's a lot of firmament.
You'll see me when you've been free.
Where's you, you, you?
You gonna get it all cut out, Lord.
She's so good of skin.
There's plenty too much firmament.
Well, of course I don't want the children to catch cold.
Can't we dream it all?
There's no place to dream it, Lord.
Why don't we just take the babies home, Lord?
No, I don't want to bust up the fish fry.
You angels keep quiet, and I'll pass another miracle.
That's the trouble with miracles.
When you pass one, you always gotta rob back and pass another.
Let there be a place to dream off this firmament.
Let there be mountains and valleys.
And let there be oceans and lakes.
And let there be rivers and bayous to dream it off in too.
As a matter of fact,
let there be the earth.
And when that's done,
let there be the sun.
And let it come out and dry my cherub's wings.
I'm only thirteen.
But I look forward to the enchanting moment of my death.
When God will tell me the punchline.
Everything in the universe is running down.
The word of God informs us that the heavens will become old.
And,
like worn out garments,
they will ultimately be rolled up and discarded.
The alien intelligences of the UFO and the human earthlings
are all common inhabitants of the cosmic energy intelligence continuum.
The ordinary kind, weak and flimsy.
Yet no world scientific agency or government group
has seriously studied the problems of UFO encounters.
Or murders.
Or kidnappings.
Or losses of aircraft due to the UFO.
Is the UFO mystery truly a scientific watergate?
An incredible and dangerous cover-up?
Understanding of the UFO may be beyond our science and political system.
Twisted them to fit the Nazi ideology.
Thank you.
Uh, praise the old doctors, friends.
That was all from Media Barrage number two.
One of the very eldest of subgenius audio collage tapes.
Assembled by yours truly with a lot of help.
From the infant Dr. Philo Drummond.
A tiny baby long gone subgenius named Shep Webb.
The teeny tiny baby puzzling evidence.
Little glass madness.
Little sterno.
Huh?
Is this another message perhaps?
I fear it is a message from So-So Dada, my friends.
From his opera, Extase Six.
The
Well, and this is a persistent part of the flying sauce.
Yeah.

I'm not sure if you're familiar with the saucer phenomenon.
The people who have close contact with the saucers return with messages of universal
brotherhood and benevolence with stories of a beneficent hegemony of organized intelligence.
Where wiser, older worlds and civilizations help younger and less mature worlds toward
a kind of galactic citizenship.
Stick needles in my belly.
Take samples of my skin.
I'm a little bit of a nerd.







I don't care as long as I can live with saucer men.
I know that you don't take requests but I'm a special case.
Come on down you saucer men and take me off this space.
Ruff on the ruff.
Ruff.
They're milking rats.
Milking rats.
These people are mistreated.
They feel that they've been somehow exploited or hurt and that their captors really don't
think much.
As if they've been using guinea pigs.
Yeah.
Right.





They're just sort of testing.
Even if UFOs had a physical reality, could be photographed or could be weighed and measured,
they still might be projections of the human mind.
Oh yeah.
This is an important point to make which the flying saucer people are forever misunderstanding
and that is saying that the flying saucer is a psychic object does not mean that it
is not a physical object.
The realm of the psychic and the realm of the physical meet in the physical realm.
In a strange kind of never never land that we have yet to create the intellectual
tools to explore, this is where the mystery of synchronicity is going to come to rest,
the mystery of all kinds of paranormal activity on the part of human beings and the mystery
of the flying saucer.
It's interesting to see that if you take the broad world so called mystery, parapsychological
shamans.
Monarch, extraterrestrial, so forth and hypothesize another spatial dimension, one more spatial
dimension, then suddenly all these mysteries become trivial.
They are easily done.
Lost boxes are open, future events are discerned, lost objects are found.
This sort of thing becomes quite the ordinary run of things if we hypothesize dimensions
hidden from ordinary human beings.
And of course there is serious work at this point in the field of physics.
Yes, it's quite feasible.
A parallel world, a planet, a whole new life form developing in much the same way as our
own in a distant solar system.
It's all here in document 14.
Good.
As time has passed and the number of sightings has gone from hundreds of thousands to hundreds
of thousands of instances, as the myth has fleshed itself out with sub-themes, the theme
of abduction, the theme of telepathic contact, it's become much more difficult to fit all
the known facts into simple models of the faith-bearing visitors from another world.
So what we are left with then are a number of more exotic competing theories about the
universe.
Okay, it's now painfully clear.
The adults are definitely paving the way for an invasion by the saucer people.
You fool!
Can't you see it's a massive government conspiracy?
Or have they gotten to you too?
Hey, hey, hey, stop it, stop it!
Why are you guys jumping to such ridiculous conclusions?
Haven't you ever heard of Occam's razor?
The simplest explanation is probably the correct one.
So what's the simplest explanation?
I don't know.
Maybe they're all wrong.












They're all wrong.


We're first vampires and they have to get home before dark.
We're first vampires!
We're first vampires!
We're first vampires!
We're first vampires!
We're through the looking glass here, people.
Now it's time we screwed them.
I'm ready for that knowledge and I don't want to join a cult.
Join my cult.
I mean, maybe we should start one.
Just a couple nice guys like us.
Just two guys like us.

Shun charisma.
That's the great trap.
Uh-huh.
What?
What's up? Wait a minute! Wait a minute! A full suni from the planet Bob is trying to park his flying saucer down the whole world over their breakfast!
Well, that's pity for you, fish face!
Oh!
Pardon me a minute. I hear you all talking in the back. Yeah, keep talking. I can hear you back there. You won't be talking after July 5th. You'll be screaming in pain.
What the USOs are doing to us is they are eroding space in science by casting directly in the path of science a kind of darkness, a challenge, a craft dish.
Almost as though the cosmic giggles had shown up at the bachelor party of science to spoil the bath.
The USOs are doing this.
The UFO challenges the assumptions of science.
Gentlemen!
Doctor, doctor, doctor, doctor. How many doctors are there on this planet?
Professor Simpson and his team have just completed a thorough physical examination of the aliens and he has come to the conclusion that they are...
The UFOs are operating almost at the mythological level of our culture. They're not landing in the White House.
They're...
They're not really challenging the military or NASA.
No, they're very mercurial, very watery. When you reach out toward them, there is nothing there. What they chiefly have become is an intellectual force in human thinking about the future, caught in the rational net.
Your description is strikingly actually parallel to the view of many fundamentalist Christians who say this UFO stuff is all the work of the devil.
Which is known throughout the universe for its stupendous nature.
Even your Buddha and your Christ had quite a different vision, but nobody's paid much attention to them, not even the Buddhists or the Christians.
Well, I don't know about the work of the devil.
You humans, sometimes it's hard to imagine how you've made it this far.
Jung's criticism of Christianity was that it had not made a place for what he called the shadow.
And he said Christian culture will always be neurotic because the shadow has not been included.
So there's a lack of psychic balance.
It's funny, because it's true.
Well observed.
Perhaps the UFO carries compensatory psychic energy from the realm of the shadow.
Some people are very frightened of it.
Dad!
Don't shoot in the light!
Don't shoot in the light!
There's a UFO outside my window! Seriously!
Can I sit on the roof of the baseball bat in case a UFO does come?
Yes, yes, yes, that's fine. Good, good.
Some people see it as an almost millenarian, salvational hope.
The U.S. Army has come, you smart bastard!
The aliens are here! We're all going to die!
Some people see it as a savior of mankind.
So naive.
I think that it's very powerful that it haunts time like a ghost.
That the messianic anticipations of fundamentalist Christianity and Islam
are in fact a kicking up on the shock wave
that the image of the flying saucer cast backwards through time,
that this image of the New Jerusalem, the foregated city,
descending from the sky to whisk the elect away to a better place,
is a kind of prophecy yearning toward a fact in the act of becoming.
If ever there was a time when the skills that you are endowed with
were what we have need of, then this is it.
You're older and you see all this.
Unfortunately, we just get madder.
That's right.
And more, and say, gee, we thought this was going to be all known years ago.
We were looking forward to a marvelous future.
And it's been put off and put off.
And now we look to maybe our grandchildren, or maybe our great-grandchildren.
Great-grandchildren.
And maybe even after that, enjoying the intercourse between the higher advanced civilization
and interplanetary travel.
It's in our future. There's no way we can escape it. It's there.
You suggest that UFOs are deliberately trying to manipulate our subconscious mind,
to create a mythology in our culture about themselves,
which is one of the reasons that they're both physical and concrete, yet very elusive.
That opens the question of, could the UFO phenomenon be manipulating us?
Could it be a teaching system?
That's dumb. This earth is dumb.
First it's hot, then it's cold, then it's hot, then it's cold.
Dumb, dumb, dumb.
Dumb.
What happens to witnesses?
Mr. Rowe, you're certainly one of the world's leading contactees.
How many trips have you made to outer space?
Well, I'd say 350 or a few more.
When was the last one?
Well, the first part of June.
And who did you go with?
Well, people from Jupiter.
And where did you take off?
From my home.
Any special launching pad there?
No, there isn't. They come pick me up in a car.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Oh, now you saw the man.
Take me off to space.
Woo!
Yes!
Rarararara!
Now, what about this?
What would happen to you and me if we were close to that source of energy?
We're beginning to understand the physiological and the psychological correlations of the close encounter.
Yeah.
And that's something that's very difficult to convey to the believers in UFOs,
the believers in the old green man from space.
At that level, it really doesn't matter whether UFOs are real or not.
If enough people believe that something is real, then it is real in its effects.
In terms of social reality.
What?
Oh, thank you, Susie the floozy, the incredibulous Susie the floozy, Reverend Susie the floozy from WREK in Atlanta,
in pursuit of her show, Bob's Slacktime Funhouse, numbers 477.
She edited all that and this wonderfulous material about X-Day, the coming X-Day,
when our beloved alien masters, the men from Planet X, will sooner or later finally show up and all that.
Ah, yes.
Welcome to your source of...
I am Pleasure Goddess CV 456154.
Sexual gratification and desire for film will begin in a moment.
First, we invite you to look out your window, say goodbye to the pinks who were left behind.
Now unzip your pants.
Just sit back and relax.
Feel better.
Bob and Connie shall be happy.


We shall be teleporting over shortly to congratulate you on your success as a subgenius.
The option to copulate with either can be taken advantage of then.
I have taken the liberty of preparing a warning prop.
The time is 8 a.m. July 5th.
I shall leave now.
Press the blue button.
Should you need me, goodbye.
Bye.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Ah, wonderful friends.
Among the promises of X-Day, and believe me, there are lots of promises involved in X-Day,
among those are woe-tanning and ranting.
Woe-tanning, or doctor music, where a band or people who've never ever played any musical
instrument, such as those heard in the background, the Minoan brain eaters, can get up on stage
and jam or rant or whatnot.
True ranting, of course.
Comes from the gut and is generally sort of angry sounding.
In this recording, we can hear somewhat the great young ranter, Reverend Carter LeBlanc,
as he takes up the mic over the warm-up band for the amino acids, which call themselves
the Minoan brain eaters.
Let's just tune in for a minute, shall we?
This is a terrible subject, he says.
No real party, I say.
We are dwelling in the hour of strife and delusions.
This is a time of blindness.
This is a time of delirium.
This is a time of deception, self-deception.
There is a lie that we've been told to lie about people, and we've been told to lie about people.
The world is full of lies.
It's the eternal paradox.
Give me false slack or kill me?
Is that what you're saying?
Give me false slack or kill me?
Is that what one said to Reverend Carter?
Well, slack is better than no sign of shit.
Bullshit.
False slack is no slack at all.
We all know what too much is.
Too much isn't when the vending machine gives you the extra pack of the M&M's.
That may be more than you deserve, but that's not too much.
Too much is when the things that life gives you are so real, so rewarding, amazing, funny shit,
you pick them up.
That is when you are not alone.
You are not alone.
Now, if you will, this is a time to bring a new meaning to every life.
chnitt
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
The Third Testimony
The Third Testimony
The Third Testimony
The Third Testimony
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
great crowd has caused to feel that you've lied, it will become an angry mob.
And then, God help you all.
You can tell by looking through there. We always run it real close.
It's like if the saucers did arrive, that's when the tape and the battery
would both run out at the same time.
Think how much the home movies from Heaven's Gate were worth.
Of course, that's because they went the distance.
I don't see anybody here sucking down any Kool-Aid.
No, well, the words are right. That's true.
That's not a funny word.
And kids nowadays, they don't even know the significance of the Kool-Aid.
They don't remember Jonestown. They don't even remember Dobstown.
They're lucky if they know what happened at Waco.
What really happened at Waco. The Waco Divival.
Dr. Doctrine has been here every 7 a.m.
Along with who else? You guys have been here every damn 7 a.m.
The Fulcreties.
You know, I'm not sure that that's something to brag about, you guys.
I mean, how many times? This will be the eighth time, if we're not lucky,
that we go home and everybody goes,
Well, how was your ride in the escape vessel?
We didn't show up for the thrill station a fifth.
Fifth.
That's right.
And that's why Princess Wee and I, this time, changed our clothes, took showers.
Pope Fred.
Look, look, Pastor Pressure is looking his best.
He's taking his first bath in months.
Because this time, we're not going to drive the exits off with our smell and our poor...
Potion of hydrogen.
Potion of hydrogen.
Yeah, first our bad personal hygiene and our crappy dress code.
We're going to look and be our best.
Freaky suits.
We might try praying.
We might.
And who?
You know, we've never done that.
We're going to pray.
We're going to pray.
We're going to pray to God.
Come on.
You pray to...
P-R-E-Y or P-R-A-Y?
A-I-A-I-O.
When was the last time you prayed to Bob?
Or Jehovah One or Ne-Key or any, any, any...
I pray to Bob every day.
Bob gives me free parking wherever I go.
I don't mean like with the bathroom, the stroke books.
I mean...
You bow on your knees and knees and going, Bob, Bob, please, this one time, let it really
be 1998 and July 5th all at the same time.
Wouldn't that be nice?
Just by, just to have me only, what is it now, five years off.
Bob and no one else.
Let none, no other deities be listening as we beseech, you fucking please, this one time.
Because I haven't done my taxes yet.
You know?
You must deal with him as an equal.
Sure.
I mean, I'm sure all of us have something that we wish we didn't have to get.
I wish we could go home too.
Reflective Bob shirts for sale.
Last chance.
Special markdown.
Yeah.
Gotta go.
These are all at our left.
Ten bucks.
Sold.
Sold.
The world's gonna end.
We're puppies.
Sure, give us stuff.
We're gonna make a few bucks here.
Sales.
Sales up to the last minute.
Proof that there's hope.
Now see, this is what the experts wanna see.
And as the ships drew them off, sales were taking place.
Hands.
Over Dob's head.
The legless unit expanded together.
Cars unmanned.
More stops reproduced from over 80 feet.
Well, not too many subgeniuses on the road at 7 o'clock in the morning.
That was another, see, it's called mess transit.
You know, I've had people go, why 7 o'clock in the goddamn morning?
Why didn't Bob make it, you know, Bob?
So you could party all night?
It's because that way the subgeniuses, he knows there aren't gonna be too many subgeniuses
on the road.
I had to save one for Pastor Phil.
Well, then how could they fulfill his edict that he's gonna have to go to the bathroom?

Well, he said if they see him on the road, they should kill him.
Well, hey, say, you know, if I'm not here on, if I'm not at Brushwood on X Day, I wanna
be on the road.
I wanna run controlled unmanned vehicles.
Somebody here has gotta be the person who's assigned to make sure we don't all kill ourselves.
Not I.
In a wiseful way.
Not I, said the Pope.
You know, that was the horrible thing.




In 98, there were all these pagans, you know, right, Brushwood sort of hangers on, who really
did believe we were going to kill ourselves, and not one of them did a goddamn thing about
it.
Didn't even bother us.
But they believed it.
Well, you know, you would've thought they would've at least made sure all of us were
up on time to get in line, but...
They were gonna come over here and go through our pockets and steal our drugs.
You know, it's wakey wakey.
Wakey, mister subgenius.
Time to get in line at the pavilion.
You don't wanna miss the big saucers, do you?
No, no, no.
Is it proper to feel silly when awaiting the saucers?
No, it's not proper.
I wouldn't think so.
To feel silly, but when are we proper, then?
Well, I mean, you know, if you expect the worst, then you'll always be pleasantly surprised.
Yes, that's right, the Church of the Subgenius, a nice pessimistic religion, unlike all the
others.
Yeah, not like those others.
No laughing stock like those.
Damn it.
It's not so much that I want to get a chance to destroy the things, or to even get all
my dreams come true.
I just don't want the Discordians to be able to laugh at us again.
They were smart enough not to set a timeline.
The whole time.
The Discordians.
They were smart enough not to set a real date.
Well...
If, you know...
They also don't have a bank account or a P.O.
behind them.
We're going to feel silly waiting for these saucers, and we have to feel silly about every
fiber of our cell.
Will we feel silly?
That's right.
If we're going to feel silly, then feel silly the hell out of it!
Don't just feel sort of embarrassed.
You feel just totally like the stupidest...
Like you want to go away and hide forever because the X's saucers did not arrive.
Yeah!
Yeah!
That's the strategy!
An all-consuming desire to have them land.
An all-consuming embarrassment.
Exactly.
I'm such a worm!
And if you don't, if you don't, then Bob will get away with it again.
And Bob will pocket the cash from the t-shirts and swag that have been sold to him.
What's wrong with that?
That's actually hardly worth the labor.
He'll get with it again and he'll laugh.
He'll go off driving in his Corvette, laughing it up, smoking his pipe.
No, he drives a Mustang, dude.
Mustang?
Stang, dude.
Bob's been driving you for years.
If, however, if, however, you truly believe that Bob will be embarrassed that we were
so embarrassed, we were so passionate about being embarrassed, and he will have no other
choice than to confront what's coming for him, which is death.
Alex, I think you're mistaking Bob Dobbs for the man from Give a Shit County.
Do you hear that?
Yeah.
What's up?
Anybody know whether the flight's on patch?
Hey!
They ruptured his GPS!
My battery's fell out.
That's what they said!
Well, when the body part of the time being ruptured worse one sense at a time.
Well, in ninety-eight, I was like a hundred pounds overweight.
Yeah.
You lost some fat cells.
Yeah.
Some horrible, disgusting fat cells.
I lost my sense of balance in 98.
P. Kitty lost his ability to make insulin.
I actually got too much insulin.
Stole it, vampire.
You know, a little bit of folks like G. Gordon Gordon's septum was ruptured.
I'm sure all of us have lost some little part.
Or maybe your values.
Maybe your innocence.
Your drugs.
Yeah, your driver's license.
Your car keys.
Exes take piece by piece.
And only those who are faithful and show up every 7 a.m. at Brushwood will finally have, you know, at the end will just be a hand or a foot flopping around.
It's down to one minute, according to my sacred watch.
Oh, look, Vic.
Don't distract me.
Come on, now.
We've got to think positive thoughts.
But let's be real.
We could play.
Or play me on the bimbo.
Or the Pagans would have drums or something.
It would be building up suspense.
It's only 30 seconds to go.
Four cardinal directions to summon the exes.
This is like getting to be like a children's show.
20, 20 seconds.
This could possibly be it.
Ah.
Oh, sure.
That's going to work.
10, 9, 8, 7, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Put me in the pod.
I can't take a joke.
Yay.
So, where's the dummy that we get to string up?
In the middle.
Right there in the middle.
Sting you son of a bitch.
In the pod.
I already knew what was going on.
You're lying.
You're lying.

Hey, hey, hey.
Oh, God.
Ah.
Ah.
You have any idea how old I am, you bastard?
I'm getting it.
I'm getting it.
You have any idea how much older I am since X day?
Um.
Huh?
Hey, hey, look.
This is, we got another, it's a drill.
You know.
At this rate, if my ass doesn't drop out of my cunt, I'll be ahead of the game.
I am getting old.
Get my ass off this planet.
I paid my $30.
And unfortunately, I'm getting old.








You know, right now, I still have a voice.
This is what I get paid for.
You got a problem with that?
Where's the guy that always laughs at us?
He didn't even bother to show up this time.
God, this is really pathetic.
When the guy, when, when, televangelist friend, that always sneaks in without paying the $30,
then mocks us.
He goes, you know what?
You fucking dumb shit spent $30 thinking you were going to get to destroy the world
and fly to that planet X for $30.
And then he goes into this whole routine about, oh, it's all an allegory.
You know why?
You're being tied to this silly belief is exactly what prevents you from being saved.
Blah, blah, woof, woof.
As if those sacred t-shirts weren't worth the gold that, or Bob's favorite gold.
You're fined for zelf-destruction!
Didn't you know?
Yeah, I did, actually.
But Man with the Loaves but with the Lovers, again, we're fined $35,000 for taxed Antwort

Is it something baseball and golf get competitive, though?






Irило, what's something about the
f 짜i- competing withQué Dum Ka beard Kry thunder undeuuter considérabil?
Dona luce arte.
The littleホm фильма.
Is it as cryptographic, as Malte is doing it, what-
That's just depressing.
That's a marketing.
Seven times a charm!
Seven times a charm!
We still believe in...
Lucky seven! Lucky seven!
Seven come eleven.
And if you feel pain, maybe they will come.
Or if six turns out to be nine, I won't mind.
Well don't stand around looking at me.
I ran out of funny lines in 1980.
True.
You know.
Oh shit.
Well, what did you do?
It's your turn.
Where's Philo?
Let's go march up to Philo's room.
Philo's never been lynched at one of these things.
Let's toss Philo in the pod!
To the trailer!
You'll reap what you sow!
I'll be right behind you boys.
Go on up there.
Now here's the thing though.
By the very fact
that
we obviously
can't depend on these exact
you know
head of a pen sort of details
in our religion, perhaps that means that
why, X-Day could come
any day, yes, any moment
could be X-Day.
Every day is X-Day if you have a gun.
Every day is X-Day
if you're the president.
Every day is X-Day
if you're a serial killer.
So why not look at the bright side?
Like, say
sentient beings, the great magic power
of positive thinking.
Yes, we'll have a
brighter tomorrow. Full of
X-Days. Flying saucers and
sex goddesses and
no jobs anymore
and the big rock candy mountain.
That's it.
Yeah, that's the ticket.
The big rock candy mountain.
2004.
God, I can't believe.
2004. We were supposed to have
fucking air car, air jet
packs by this time.
We're supposed to be flying around in cool air cars.
Robot slaves. Where are the robot slaves?
The only mark
of the future that I've seen is the
really cool special effects.
I didn't expect them to be
that advanced.
Great. So our TV shows
have better, fake aliens.
Some future.
Phooey. That's what I say.
That's my, I am supposed
to be spoken. Phooey.
Mark my words.
They never believed the old
prophet of doom.
Because they're smart.
God damn it.
Once again it just
peters out into a depressing
sadness.
Like life itself.
Hopeless.
Fain.
Meaningless. Random movements
in the chaos.
I was talking to her, not you.
Where is Jesus?
He's a prince.
He's the way, he's the huggy one.
Wait a minute. No he's not.
He is the one with that
eternity in hell thing.
Good cop, bad cop.
They always, they always were.
Something has happened
in the motorcade route.
I never miss a chance to say that.
Maybe if we bring back

Devo here the sauce was
Yeah, if we had celebrities here.
We tried actually.
We even offered them money.
But not enough.
The Olsen twins are legal.
They will be.
Olsen twins next year.
What about the two headed
That two headed girl
or well Siamese twins
Oh yeah, co-joined twins.
They'd be about 20 years old now.
They were really cute.
When they were
in the magazine.
Makes logistics in the tent a bit snarly.
That's something to take our mind off
Bob's repeated failures.
Two headed babes.
Yeah.
One head, two bodies.
Okay now you can all go
think about the two headed pornography
and forget the
$30 and Bob.
See you,
I've got to change the film now.
Bye.
Texas 78720
Praise the
Bob
Bob
Bob

Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob

Bob
Bob


Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob




