Once again, dear friends, because our new virtual studio is undergoing renovation,
and because it's better this way anyway,
the Hour of Slack makes way for Reverend Susie the Floozies,
Bob's Slacktime Funhouse from beautiful WREK Atlanta.
This time, show number 195 from August 1997,
Susie's Boot Camp War-O-Rama.
The address was this, Slacktooth, Synth.
Slacktooth meant slaughterhouse.
Synth was good old five.
Oh, what's wrong with my alarm clock?
Oh, hey, what am I doing sleeping in a cot in a room full of losers?
Oh, no, where's my hair?
Oh, wait, now I remember.
Today, my company and I are getting married.

I'm shipped off to the front lines in Tierra del Nigi.
How the hell did I wind up here?
Oh, no.
It all began so innocently.
I'd wanted some novelty in my life,
but I was torn between getting a tattoo or a body piercing.
So I settled on having my labia tattooed.
I was sad.
I was so deliriously excited
that I didn't notice I was two doors down from the tattoo parlor.
I did notice the weird decor.
Just a couple of tasks and some majorly tacky posters on the wall.
Oh, but I sure could relate to their message.
Looking for a few good men?
Tell me about it.
Yeah, I thought the attendants were way overdressed.
The one I could trust.
The one I could talk to.


The one I got was going on and on about something
but you know how I never listen anyhow.
Oh, I was too busy anticipating all that delicious pain.
Oh, and then there were so many copies of the release forms to sign
and then I was directed through the door
at the back of the room.
Oh, and then the horror really kicked in.
Oh, I'd been looking for a painful life ouiiife commitment,
but instead now I'm in for four years of absolute hell.
Brook SiIfish Bit I've Only Been Flowing from the Immortal on Stage


Because now I'm private force class Susie the floozy.
And I'm going to Paris.
Paris Island Marine Boot Camp.
Ah!
Ah!
This is beautiful, eh?
Yeah, but it's hot.
Oh, we'll have a swell town.
Yeah, hot time.
Just like the movies, eh, Nivocki?
Yeah, just like the movies.
It's lovely here, Bob.
How far is it to the barracks?
All on the beach a little ways, north to your right.
Are you comfortable here, Bob?
Sleeping under a palm tree isn't so bad.
Oh, I can't believe it.
It's like a little paradise.
Complete even to the serpent.
Serpent?
But don't worry about anything.
We've rented a fortified chaperone.
Ah!
Ah!
Come on, eh!
Woo!
All right, men, listen up.
For over 200 years, American servicemen have prepared for, and in many cases, had to face
the ultimate challenge.
That is why we in the oil courses have become experts in fitness.
Now, we don't have any choice.
We have to be.
During my career in the United States Marines, I've had the opportunity to visit numerous
countries, and I've noticed that many people in those countries share a myth, a myth that
Americans are weak, that Americans are lazy, and Americans are out of shape.
Well, start your day with a little bit of a break.

I mean, right now, we're going to do something about that myth.
We're going to take it, we're going to put it in the palm of our hands, we're going to
crush it, we're going to annihilate it, and we're going to kill it.
Now, this oil forces workout is designed for men and women, boys and girls.
Now, you don't need no leg warmers, fancy running suits.
Now, you don't even need headbands to do the oil forces workout.
I'll tell you what you need.
What you need is discipline.
What you need is desire.
Now, are you ready?
Yes, sir!
Are you motivated?
Yes, sir!
All right, then.
Let's whip it on!
Who raised the frigging flag on Iwo Jima?
On Iwo Jima, on Iwo Jima.
Who raised the frigging flag while the Japs were playing tag?
The United States Marines.
Well, that's more cursing than I like to hear from a cadet in peacetime.
I met a bullet in Paris, France, had a big hole in her underpants.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, where did you pick up that filth?
We heard Sergeant Clark's company singing it, sir.
Yes, well, there will be no smut in my company.
You're in this man's army to learn.
I don't know, but I am told the Parthenon is mighty old.
How old?
We don't know.
Well, that's real good, but needs improvement.
When you've got an obligation and you have to serve your nation, you can get an education.
There's 300 jobs in fighting, some are guaranteed in fighting.
For a future more exciting, just choose Army.
Launch a missile, fly a plane, make a movie, drive a plane.
No matter what you want to do, choose Army and the future's up to you.
So for 300 jobs in fighting, some are guaranteed in fighting.
And a future more exciting, just choose Army.
The future's up to you.
You've got a future, the future's up to you.
See your Army recruiting.
Your future, your decision.
Choose Army.
You've done good, but we're not going to stop there.
We're going to continue to whip it on.
You've had some, now you're going to get some more.
Are you ready to whip it on?
Yeah!
Are you still with me?
Yes, sir!
All right.
We're going to move it up to 13 repetitions of the daily seven.
And I want you to get mad at it.
Ready?
Exercise.
Come on now.
One, two, three, one.
One, two, three.
I don't want no more of the U.S. Marines.
I don't want no more of the U.S. Marines.

Gee, but I want to go home.
Well, cadets, it's been a great year.
You've all worked very hard developing academic skills and general killing skills.
My killing teacher says I'm a natural.
But these skills are nothing without courage and stamina.
Traditionally, the Academy tested these virtues by pitting you against each other in a two-day battle royale.
That was prior to 1957.
Thank you very much, State Supreme Court.
Consequently,
no cadet can receive a passing grade for the academic year without first conquering this.
Meet the Eliminator.
That's a 150-foot hand-over-hand crawl across a 60-gauge hemp-tute line with a blister factor of 12.
The rope is suspended a full 40 feet over a solid British acre of old-growth Connecticut Valley thorn bushes.
Gentlemen, welcome to flavor country.
This wasn't in the brochure.
All right, you guys.
You're in the cup on these guys.
I have to be.
Discipline is one of the first things they have to learn.
When a guy graduates from Army OCS, he'll be able to lead men anywhere, in the field, in a civilian career.
That stuff about born leaders just isn't so.
Leaders are made, not born.
Army Officer Candidate School teaches leadership.
It's tough.
It's worth it.
For more details, see your Army recruiter.
Your future.
Your decision.
Choose Army OCS.
I have only comparatively recently emerged from the United States Army, so that I am now, of course, in the Army.




I'm the Army Radioactive Reserve.
The usual jokes about the Army aside, one of the many fine things one has to admit is the way that the Army has carried the American democratic ideal to its logical conclusion,
in the sense that not only do they prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, creed, and color, but also on the grounds of ability.
To say that is a nice thing.
Some of you may recall the publicity a few years ago, attendant upon the Army's search for an official Army song,
to be the counterpart of the Navy's Anchors Away and the Air Force's Up in the Air Junior Birdman song.
I was in basic training at the time, and I recall our platoon sergeant, who was an unfrocked Marine,
actually the change of service had come as quite a blow to him, because it meant that he had to memorize a new serial number, which took up most of his time.
At any rate, I recall this sergeant informing me and my roommates of the...
of this rather deplorable fact that the Army didn't have any official, excuse me, didn't have no official song.
And, uh, suggested... suggested that we work on this in our copious, free time.
Well, I submitted the following song, which is called, It Makes a Fellow Proud to Be a Soldier, which I think demonstrates the proper spirit, you'll agree.
However, the fact that it did not win the contest, I can ascribe only to blatant favoritism on the part of the judges.
The heart of every man in our platoon must swell with pride,
For the nation's youth, the cream of which is marching at his side.
For the fast and aging rules and regulations that we share,
And the quaint and curious costumes that we're called upon to wear.
Now Al joined up to do his part, defending you and me.
He wants to fight and bleed and kill and die for liberty.
With the hell of war he's come to grips, policing up the filter tips.
It makes a fellow proud to be a soldier.
When Pete was only in the seventh grade, he stabbed a cop.
He's real R.A. material, and he was glad to swap
His switchblade and his old zip gun for a bayonet and a new M1.
It makes a fellow proud to be a soldier.
After Johnny got through basic training, he
Was a soldier through and through when he was done.
Its effects were so well-rooted that the next day he saluted
A good humor man, an usher, and a nun.
Now Fred's an intellectual, brings a book to every meal.
He likes the deep philosophers, like Norman Vincent Peale.
He thinks the Army's just the thing because he finds it broadening.
It makes a fellow proud to be a soldier.
Now Ed flunked out of second grade and never finished school.
He doesn't know a shelter half, but he's a soldier.

He's a soldier from an entrenching tool, but he's going to be a big success.
He heads his class at OCS.
It makes a fellow proud to be a soldier.
Our old mess sergeant's taste buds have been shot off in the war.
But his savory collations add to our esprit de corps.
To think of all the marvelous ways they're using plastics nowadays.
It makes a fellow proud to be a soldier.
Our lieutenant is the up-and-coming type.
Played with soldiers as a boy, you just can bet.
It is written in the stars, he will get his captain's bars.
But he hasn't got enough box tops yet.
Our captain has a handicap to cope with, sad to tell.
He's from Georgia, and he doesn't speak the language very well.
He used to be, so rumor has, the dean of men at Alcatraz.
It makes a fellow proud to be, what as a kid I vowed to be,
what luck to be allowed to be a soldier.
And to be a soldier is a great lesson.


So, my friends, if you can see that long line,
the long, long line from the various wars
that have protected this nation to give you this right.
And then you'll have some little cock-a-doodle-doo
that will walk up and say, I just hate war.
Well, idiot, if we hadn't have gone during World War II and stopped the Japanese, you'd
be speaking Japanese now.
You wouldn't be having the freedom of working and so forth.
You'd be pulling a rickshaw, you think?
And I jest in a way, but those people really turned this old Marine off when they start
that malarkey, okay?
It's a long line that have gone on that fought for that freedom, that standard.
Who led the bloody slaughter in Tarawa?
In Tarawa, in Tarawa.
Who led the bloody slaughter while MacArthur walked on water?
The United States Marines.
Well, what are you waiting for?
Open fire.
Kelly, keep that firing going.
I'll cut across the yard and see if I can knock out that machine gun station.
Once we get them, we can make a run for the truck.
The time's running out, Lieutenant.
In a few minutes, this place will be hotter than the inside of our tank at high noon in
a disc.
Keep firing, Kelly.
That's it.
The Lieutenant did it.
Let's get out of here.
No, I got fed up on the war one day and I went up to the CO.
The what?
That's the company commander, they call him.
Oh.
CO.
Oh, yeah.













I said, if you give me a camel and some water and a gun, I'll go capture this Rommel
and we'll get the war over.
Whoa, whoa, hold it just a minute.
Just, just back up there.
You're gonna take a camel and what, a canteen of water?
Yeah, and a gun.
And you're gonna capture General Rommel, the Desert Fox?
Yeah.
Surely you jest.
Surely I jest said it.
I'm gonna have to repeat it all over again.
No, you don't.
I didn't.
No, I, the CO said, well, it's a crazy idea, but I think, you know, this could happen,
you know.
So he, he gave me a, or he gave me the, the camel and the water and the gun.
I took off across the desert.
There she goes.
The whole depot is in flames.
And so is Rommel's plans for continuing the fight in North Africa.
The job's done.
It's finished.
It was finished.




The battle at the Kasserine Pass was stalled for only a few days.
It was all a matter of time.
And by May 7th, 1943, the U.S. Second Corps broke through and captured Berserker.
While at the same time, the British First Army took Tunis.
By May 13th, the North African campaign was over.
And they found me out there about two weeks later.
Almost dead, dying of thirst.
Yeah, it was sunburned and everything.
Boy, I had third degree plus plantas and everything.
Yeah, man, you might as well have had flat feet.
Yeah.
Anyway, the CO picked me up and fanned me and gave me a drink of water.
And he says, T5, Haynes?
That's what it was.
It was a T5.
He says, we got your message.
Returning immediately.
Thank you.
Returning immediately.
Rommel captured.
I said, that ain't what I sent.
I said, returning immediately.
Camel ruptured.
Down through the years, there have been men, brave gallant men, who have died that others
might be free.
And even now, they do it still.
Brave gallant men know that someone might, and so they will.
Gallant men have built us a nation.
Passed us a torch of flame.
Let us hold it high and light up the sky.
With praise.
With faith.
Of our gallant men.
The colonel coughed and coughed.
Then he said to Billy, you one of my boys?
This was a man who had lost an entire regiment, about 4,500 men.
A lot of them children, actually.
Billy didn't reply.
The question made no sense.
What was your outfit?
Said the colonel.
He coughed and coughed.
Every time he inhaled, his lungs rattled like greasy paper bags.
Billy couldn't remember the outfit he was from.
You from the 451st?
451st what?
Said Billy.
There was a silence.
Infantry regiment, said the colonel.







At last.
Oh, said Billy.
There was another long silence, with the colonel dying and dying, drowning where he
stood.
Then he cried out, wettly, it's me, boys.
It's Wild Bob.
That is what he had always wanted his troops to call him.
Wild Bob.
None of the people who could hear him were actually from his regiment, except for Roland
Weary.
And Weary wasn't listening.
All Weary could think of was the agony in his own feet.
But the colonel imagined that he was addressing his beloved troops for the last time.
And he told them that they had nothing to be ashamed of, that there were dead Germans all
over the battlefield who wished to guide them.
And, oh my God, they'd never heard of the 451st.
He said that after the war, he was going to have a regimental reunion in his hometown,
which was Cody, Wyoming.
He was going to barbecue whole steers.
He said all this while staring into Billy's eyes.
He made the inside of poor Billy's skull echo with balderdash.
Cog me with you, boys, he said.
And that echoed and echoed.
And then he said, if you're ever in Cody, Wyoming, just ask for Wild Bob.
Well, Dawson, you got it made.
Pretty nurses.
No duty.
It's probably back to the States for you.
Ah.
I'll be patched up in no time.
There was a lot of blood, but the bullet didn't penetrate that deeply, and I'll be fit for
duty in no time.
Lieutenant, what's going to happen now?
What kind of person can fall thousands of feet through the air and land on a two-inch
target?
We've read of you at Lexington and at the Alamo.
You cross the river I know.
You're a man of the time and held the beach at Anzino.
Whenever you've been called upon, you've always proved a man.
In the army of your country, country boy, you're now a man.
There was a movie about American bombers in the Second World War and the gallant men who
flew them.
Seen backwards by Billy, the story went like this.
American planes full of holes and wounded men and corpses took off backwards from an
airfield in England.
Over France, a few German fighter planes flew at them backwards, sucked bullets and shell
fragments from some of the planes and crewmen.
They didn't even have a gun.




They did the same for erect American bombers on the ground.
And those planes flew up backwards to join the formation.
The formation flew backwards over a German city that was in flames.
The bombers opened their bomb bay doors, exerted a miraculous magnetism which shrunk the fires,
gathered them into cylindrical steel containers, and lifted the containers into the bellies
of the planes.
The containers were stored neatly in racks.
The Germans below had miraculous devices of their own, which were long steel tubes.
They used them to suck more fragments from the crewmen and planes.
But there were still a few wounded Americans.
And some of the bombers were in bad repair.
Over France, though, German fighter planes came up again, made everything and everybody
as good as new.
When the bombers got back to their base, the steel cylinders were taken from the racks
and shipped back to the United States of America, where factories were operating night and day,
dismantling the cylinders, separating the dangerous contents into minerals.
Touchingly, it was mainly women who did this work.
The minerals were then shipped to specialists in remote areas.
It was their business to put them into the ground to hide them cleverly, so they would
never hurt anybody ever again.
American fliers turned in their uniforms, became high school kids.
And Hitler turned into a baby, Billy Pilgrim supposed.
That wasn't in the movie.
Billy was extrapolating.
Everybody turned into a baby, and all humanity without exception conspired biologically to
produce two perfect people named Adam and Eve.
Not all of the detachment's missions are this dramatic.
The 283rd's unique mission allows them to stay combat ready while helping the civilian community.
This is the United States Army Forces Command.
People helping people.
Billy Pilgrim was down in a meat locker on the night that Dresden was destroyed.
There were sounds like giant footsteps above.
Those were sticks of high explosive bombs.
The giants walked and walked.
The meat locker was a very safe shelter.
All that happened down there was an occasional shower of calcimine.
The Americans and four of their guards in a few-dress carcasses were down there, and nobody else.
The rest of the guards had, before the raid began, gone to the comforts of their own homes in Dresden.
They were all being killed with their families.
So it goes.
During the raid, a guard would go to the head of the stairs ever so often to see what it was like outside.
Then he would come down and whisper to the other guards.
There was a firestorm out there.
Dresden was one big flame.
The one flame ate everything organic, everything that would burn.
It wasn't safe to go there.
The guards didn't come out of the shelter until noon the next day.
When the Americans and their guards did come out, the sky was black with smoke.
The sun was an angry little pinhead.
Dresden was like the moon now, nothing but minerals.
The stones were hot.
Everybody else in the neighborhood was dead.
So it goes.
The guards drew together instinctively, rolled their eyes.
They experimented with one expression and then another,
said nothing,
though their mouths were often open.
They looked like a silent film of a barbershop quartet.
So long forever, they might have been singing.
Hey, Schultz, we're gonna walk right out that front gate.
Please, get a hold of that mercy.
Mercy. Mercy.
Oh, yes, the idyllic days of World War II,
when men were men and bombs were bursting everywhere.
Oh, our last glorious war,
the last war that you could really believe in,
the last war that everyone wanted in on.
It truly was the big one.
Oh, right.
Oh, excuse me, seekers,
if my perspective about the big one is a bit skewed,
but let me give you a little bit of personal background
from the Fluses family tree that might explain it.
You see, my mother was born in Great Britain in 1921,
the oldest of four daughters.
And, oh, I heard about it all while I was growing up, seekers,
about how these four girls got to grow up during the Blitz in London.
And, oh, it was major fun, let me tell you.
My mother got to experience a myriad joys of war widowhood
real early in the game
when her husband was killed in Sicily with the Royal Air Force.
Oh, yeah, it wasn't like it was combat or anything.
See, there's this thunderstorm,
and he's standing under the wing of a plane lighting a cigarette,
and, yep, you guessed it,
the wrong damn place at the wrong damn time.
And because black cloth was rationed,
my mother didn't have enough
to make a black maternity dress of mourning because,
oh, yes, I forgot to add,
she was carrying her first child,
a son who was born in December of 1921.
And she was a mother of 1921 in an alley in London
during an air raid delivered by strangers.
Ironically enough, her sister Joan could have helped,
but that 15-year-old girl was busy driving an ambulance
through the rubble-strewn streets at the time.
Oh, yeah, the glory of war.
Oh, besides a constant terror of death raining from the skies,
what impressed me most about hearing the stories
was just the absolute inconvenience of it all.
Yeah, like the inconvenience of my current predicament.
Oh, I forgot that I'm in the Marines now.
Oh, maybe if I pray to God, he'll get me out of this.
God? Oh, what am I saying?
I guess that just goes to prove
that there are no atheists in foxy holes.
Oh, hey, whose panties are these under my bunk?
Oh, the Sarge's.
Oh, wait.
Oh, I forgot.
I just violated the don't-ask-don't-smell rule.
Dang!
Oh, there are just too many damn rules and regulations
to remember here, and I keep losing ground.
I didn't even know they had a private 10th-class rank.
And I thought FTA stood for the Philadelphia Transit Authority.
Oh, yeah, the Military Industrial Inferiority Complex
is taking a toll on us all.
Oh, but I know too well that you can't get out of it.
The only ex-Marine was Lee Harvey Oswald.
Oh, yeah, back in the 40s,
there were ideals worth fighting for,
but, hey, back then, Frank Capra movies were big.
Oh, now ideals like truth and freedom
have been replaced with corporate logos,
and battles are nothing more than
rabid pep rallies with casualties.
Just this morning at the diner,
I found myself holding the door open
for a paralyzed veteran of some recent oil war,
and I wondered just how it evened out.
You know, his legs in exchange for my full tank of cheap gas.
Oh, I don't know, maybe I'm a bleeding heart,
but it just didn't seem right to me,
even though everyone else accepted it as a fact of life.
Yep, all's fair in the end.
War and love and war,
and the lucky ones die.
I mean, I go for a man in cuneiform
just as much as the next guy,
but I'm not getting shipped off to Babylonia
to get my ass shot off to get it,
if you know what I mean.
Aw, hell, this is where we came in.
Yeah.
This is where we came in.
And chapter four?
It could be.
It can happen again.
You'll see ruins.
You'll see flowers.
You'll see some mighty pretty scenery.
Don't let it fool you.
You are in enemy country.
Be alert.
Suspicious of everyone.
Take no chances.
You are up against something more than tourist scenery.
You are up against German history.
It isn't good.
They may deny it now,
but they believe it,
and will try to prove it again.
Don't argue with them.
Don't try to change their point of view.
Other allied representatives will concern themselves with that.
You are not being sent into Germany as educators.
You are soldiers on guard.
You will observe their local laws,
respect their customs and religion,
and you will respect their property rights.
You will not ridicule them.
You will not argue with them.
You will not be friendly.
You will be aloof, watchful, and suspicious.
Every German is a potential source of trouble.
Therefore, there must be no fraternization with any of the German people.
Fraternization means making friends.
The German people are not our friends.




You will not associate with German men,
women,
or children.
You will not associate with them on familiar terms,
either in public or in private.
You will not visit in their homes,
nor will you ever take them into your confidence.
However friendly, however sorry,
however sick of the Nazi party they may seem,
they cannot come back into the civilized world.

They will not be able to come back into the civilized world
just by sticking out their hand and saying,
I'm sorry.
Don't clasp that hand.
It's not the kind of a hand you can clasp in friendship.
To our Israeli allies,
let us raise a toast.
Sing the Eibusnacht, a Nazi polka.
Sure there was some Nazis,
two or three at most.
Sing the Eibusnacht, a Nazi polka.
We tried to throw out Hitler right from the very start.
That's what every history book should tell.
We hated Heinrich Hitler, Martin Borden too.
We believe as Sherman did that Bohnen's hell,
hell, hell, hell, hell, hell,
Sieg Heil, Sieg Heil, Sieg Heil.
But there are millions of Germans.
Some of those guys must be okay.
Perhaps.
But which ones?
Just one mistake may cost you your life.
Trust none of them.
Someday the German people might be cured of their disease.
The super race disease.
The world conquest disease.
But they must prove that they have been cured
beyond the shadow of a doubt
before they ever again are allowed to take their place among respectable nations.
Until that day,
we stand guard.
We are determined that their plan for world conquest shall stop
here and now.
We are determined that they shall never again use peaceful industries for warlike purposes.
We are determined that the vicious German cycle of war,
phony peace,
war,
phony peace,
war,
phony peace,
shall once and for all time
come to an end.
Come to an end.
That is your job in Germany.
Germans are as gentle as flowers in the spring,
Sing, gee, I was not a Nazi for God.
Achtung!
The Nazi whom we did abhor is now gemütlich geiter.
For when he isn't making war, no one could be politer.
He woos Miss Liberty with zeal.
He bowels with grace and rigor
to kiss the hand and click the heel
before he clicks the trigger.
That is why you occupy Germany.
To make that next war impossible.
No easy job.
In battle you kept your wits about you.
Don't relax that caution now.
The Nazi party may be gone,
but Nazi thinking, Nazi training,
and Nazi trickery remain.
The German lust for conquest is not dead.
It's merely gone undercover.
Sing, gee, I was not a Nazi for God.
Gee, hey!
I will obey the laws
that God and man have made.
And I will respect the flag
of the United States.
I will march in the army
for the red, white, and blue.
I will march in God's army
in honor and in truth.
I will obey the Lord.
I will obey the Lord.
I will obey his word.
I will obey the Lord.
I'm going to raise a family
when this cruel war is through.
I hope I'll have a bouncing boy
to tell my stories to.
But if someday when he grows up
he joins the Marine Reserve,
I'll kick his ass from dawn to dusk
because that's what he'll deserve.
Way up in Korea
amidst rocks, ice, and snow,
the poor Chinese commie
is feeling so low.
As our corsairs roar by overhead,
he knows that his buddies
will all soon be dead.
Dinky die!
Dinky die!
Dinky die!
Dinky die!
He knows that his buddies
will all soon be dead.
Min Pao went way up to Kolkoto-ri.
His prized Chinese army in action to see.
He said that his soldiers no battle could lose.
But all that he found was their hats.
And their shoes.
Dinky die!
Dinky die!
Dinky die!
Dinky die!
But all that he found
was their hats and their shoes.
Now Uncle Joe Stalin,
your stooges have found
it just doesn't pay to invade foreign ground.
When you disturbed the serene Asian calm,
you brought on the rockets,
the bombs, and napalm.
Dinky die!
Dinky die!
Dinky die!
Dinky die!
Dinky die!
You brought on the rockets,
the bombs, and napalm.
So here's to Pyongyang into old Higaru.
To Kumwa and Kisang and Uijangbu.
To all gyrene pilots and carriers at sea.
And the Death Rattlers Squadron 0-3-23.
Dinky die!
Dinky die!
Dinky die!
Dinky die!
Dinky die!
And the Death Rattlers Squadron 0-3-23.
Dinky die!
Good times.
Oh once I was happy,
I had a fine home.
MacArthur then called me
And soon I was gone.
Was off to Korea,
it's not very far.
It's just a police action,
It isn't a war.
Don't call out the army,
Don't call out the navy,
Don't call out the coast guard,
Just call out the Corps.
Those good boys found their way out of East LA they can find their way back into this goop Valley, right?
Something's moving up in the woods where that sector in okay. Give them the password Sanja. Yeah, I better disguise my voice
Wanna second a world of war you so smart
Hey, it's okay, sir. That's Pico and Alvarado. Come on in boys. Hey, hey, hey, don't run into trenches
Watch out for that in trenchant ooh. All right stand easy men
How was it out there
Weird we've been shooting reds and yellows all day boy. Am I sleepy? What about the gooks?
Bad news lieutenant there gooks all around the country


They live here lieutenant. They got women and pigs and gardens and everything. I was talking to this one little gooks
Yeah, that's well
Orders to surround these little gooks. That'll be easy lieutenant. There's millions of them on all three sides of us
That means we got those little gooks right where we want. Yeah
Yeah, and too nice to plant in moon several one of them is gonna be out waiting in the paddies me, too
Hey, this sounds like a perfect setup. What are we gonna do lieutenant? What are we gonna do lieutenant?
What are we gonna do lieutenant? All right
Man
We're gonna
deploy it all 800 check recon all LOM sectors check bring up the
455s pull locate our fire perimeters book make a clean sweep flush out the enemy and can't kick what's that sir?
Sir sir lieutenant. Excuse me, sir. What are we gonna do man? Yeah
I thought we're gonna lock and load private and we're gonna go out there and kick. Hey man. What are we gonna do?
We're gonna do it. We're lucky lot that
Lieutenant take it easy
Hey, what are we gonna do?
It's all right
You gotta take it easy
It's not your fault
What are we gonna do?
Porgie! Porgie!
I went up there and I said shrink
I wanna kill
I mean I wanna kill
I want kill
Kill kill
I started jumping up and down
Kill kill
He started jumping up and down with me
We both started jumping up and down
Kill kill
And the sergeant came over pinned the metal on me set me down and said you're our boss
I'm helping as much as I can in the government that I am the government that I know about my Teddy Roosevelt and
my my sergeant and my lieutenants and all that kind of stuff
You know, I never grew up to do all that kind of stuff, but I seen other people doing it. I always wanted to you know
It'd been nice if I could have gotten the service, you know and been
some kind of military guy United States Marshal or something, you know
But I've been stuck in jail watching everybody else live their life. So then as I grow up
I begin to see that I've been out there just as much as I'm in here to sometimes, you know
And even though I don't make sense right now
Later on sometimes like this filter somewhere those with hearts of rock and brains of barbarians can review our armory
sacrifices and sufferings in World War two in Europe and the South Pacific now being spit on and their victories being
frittered away by puppet politicians in the service of Global Power elites who can deny that our troops were betrayed in Korea and
Vietnam who can see that and not join a resumption of the American Revolution
Did you know that?
those ancient Roman citizens
hearing Antony's funeral oration
over the body of Caesar
and beholding the bloody tunic
with its gapping mouths
through which the deadly daggers
did pass to pierce the flesh
and crack the mighty heart of Caesar,
did those in that funeral audience
who had tears to shed,
shed them?
Our nation
has kept wars
so far away from this soil
when we have perpetrators
that would try to take this nation over
that have had to kill
to keep our freedoms
that it is absolutely spoiled rotten.
I lied.
Well, come on, fess up.
I smoked pot in college.
My great-grandfather was just in the law twos.
My father pulled strings
and got me into the National Guard.
Well, there's just love, love, love
by a bunch of these panty-waisted preachers
in the middle of the night
in this generation
that can't touch anything controversial
that all they can talk about is,
oh, sweet, sweet, sweet.
And it's so sugary sweet
that it's sickening.
That it sells short
the men and women
that fought in Vietnam,
that fought in Korea,
one of the combats
that various services
suffered really some rough times
till some of these
love, love, love people
try to make,
put a slander even upon it.
When those two wars following World War II
broke the back of communism
where we have all the more freedom
in this nation.
So, to a serviceman,
it's kind of an insult for someone to say,
why would God tell people to kill people?
Kill, kill.
He started jumping up and down with me.
We both started jumping up and down with him.
Kill, kill.
I may never much
live.
Our self-belief large enough
to actually be comfortable
because I've lived
those floating wsp Trust children
was judging world war I,
why would they
deal with my beguile before
the same good person
who, say,

that I'm in the Lord's army.
Yes, sir!
God still gives us the victory.
That's why we win every war we go into,
including Korea and Vietnam.
It broke the back of communism.
Hey, what's this?
Oh, that's my old unit from Vietnam.
I was their sergeant.
They were my loyal troops.
That photo was taken shortly before I was shot in the back,
which was very strange because it was during a Bob Hope show.
I was trying to get Joey Heatherton to put on some pants, for God's sake.
And we win.
Come on.
I got into bed, then some sleepboarding yet.
She said, no sleep, flyboy, I know, tired yet.
Well, I woke the next morning a quarter past ten.
I was missing my wallet and 10,000 yen.
Cigarettes and sake and wild, wild jokes
and they'll die.
They'll drive you crazy.
They'll drive you insane.
Cigarettes and sake and wild, wild jokes
and they'll drive you crazy.
They'll drive you insane.
Oh, won't you help me, sergeant?
Get me out of play to jail.
I don't know how I got here.
I was drunk from the Ho Chi trail.
It was ba-me-ba, ba-me-ba, ba-me-ba.

Ba-me-ba-wa-oo.
Ba-me-ba, ba-me-ba, ba-me-ba-wa-oo.
I didn't mean to be drunk
and bringing you all this shame.
But I had a fight with a cyclo girl
down in Old Nut Frank.
It was ba-me-ba, ba-me-ba, ba-me-ba-wa-oo.
Ba-me-ba, ba-me-ba-wa-oo.

Now this Dunning jail has rats and fleas
And snakes crawl on the floor
Take me back to Camp Sarge
And I won't get drunk no more
On Bommie Baa, Bommie Baa, Bommie Baa
Bommie Baa, Bommie Baa, Bommie Baa
There's D.C. all around us
It's looking bad, I think
We can't do our thing, Sarge
So let's have a little drink
Cigarettes and sake and wild, wild chocos
They'll drive you crazy, they'll drive you insane
Now back in Chitose, I'm limping about
Me and the doctor are sweating
It out, he gave me some pills
From a jug on the shelf
Then he poured out a dozen or two for himself
Cigarettes and sake and wild, wild chocos
Cigarettes and sake and wild, wild chocos
I was captured by the gorillas
They tried hard to teach me their way
But I know of heaven eternal
That God will save me someday
The green parade, God bless them
Will excel to the left and the right
The Lord stands right there beside them
They pray to God every night
They captured me and my buddy
They tortured us night and day
They tortured us night and day
They tortured us night and day


Finally beheaded my buddy
Ah, they'll have me patched up in no time
That was a lot of blood
Didn't penetrate that deeply
And I'll be fit for duty in no time
But oh, the universal curse
From Vietnam to Korea
The bug of bugs that bugs us still
And begs for panacea
Oh who will find the antidote for
Pantagon-erea?
I'm just a typical American
I'm just a typical American

Boy from a typical American town
I believe in God and Senator Dodd
And in keeping old Castro down
And when it came my time to serve
I knew better dead than red
But when I got to my old draft board, buddy
This is what I said
Sergeant, I'm only eighteen
I got a ruptured spleen
And I always carry a purse
I got eyes like a bat
And my feet are flat
My asthma's getting worse
Consider my career, my sweetheart dear
My poor old little at-at
Besides, I ain't no fool
I'm a-going to school
And I'm-a working in a defense plant
I got a dislocated disc
And a racked-up back
And I'm allergic to flowers and bugs
And when a bombshell hits
I get epileptic fits
And I'm addicted to a thousand drugs
I got the weakness woes
And I can't touch my toes
I can hardly reach my knees
And if the enemy ever came close to me
Why, I'd probably start to sneeze
Sergeant, I'm only eighteen
I got a ruptured spleen
And I always carry a purse
I got eyes like a bat
And my feet are flat
My asthma's getting worse
Consider my career, my sweetheart dear
My poor old little at-at
Besides, I ain't no fool
I'm-a going to school
And I'm-a working in a defense plant
I hate Joe and I
And I hope he dies
But I think you gotta see
That if someone's gotta go over there
That someone isn't me
So have a ball, Sarge
Watch him fall
While you kill me a thousand or so
And if you ever get a war
Without any reason









I'll be Gore
Well, I'll be the first to go
Once upon a time
There was this little boy
Who wanted to grow up
To be a soldier
And serve his country
In whatever way he could
He would parade around the house
With a saucepan on his head
For a helmet
A wooden sword in one hand
And the American flag in the other
As he grew up
He put away the things of a child
But he never let go of the flag
My name is Will
And I'm the man












William Kelly
I'm a soldier of this land
I've tried to do my duty
And to gain the upper hand
But they've made me out a villain
They have stamped me with a brand
As we go marching on
It is so short and jumbled and jangled, Sam,
Because there is nothing intelligent to say about a massacre.
Everybody is supposed to be dead,
To never say anything or want anything.

Ever again.
Everything is supposed to be very quiet
After a massacre
And it always is,
Except for the birds.
And what do the birds say?
All there is to say about a massacre
Things like,
Poo-tee-wee?
I have told my sons
That they are not under any circumstances
To take part in massacres
And that the news of massacres of enemies
Is not to fill them with satisfaction or glee.
I have also told them
Not to work for companies
Which make massacres











But to work for the people


And to express contempt for people
Who think we need machinery like that.
Whoa!
Holy cow!
It is very quiet right now
And this is eerie
It looks like a Fourth of July display
Some are red
Some are white
You can see explosions
You know, airburst explosions
Oh, that was a huge
Whoa!
Holy cow!
That was a large airburst
Whoa!
Holy cow!
And that is a very bright,
Bright, enormous explosion
The remarkable thing






To be here tonight
Ladies and gentlemen
It is beautiful
Red and orange
All around us now
This explosion
Way back here
Is the massacres
And it is
Really, really
Holy cow!
It is good to have another
Combat veteran around here
I myself received
A number of medals
For securing
That Montgomery ward
In Kuwait city
Yes, Colonel
Now, I understand
It will be my duty
To mold the new recruits
Into a well-disciplined
Highly trained infantry unit
Sure, I guess
Here to come
You are here


In a그된
Look, Sheriff


I am a man


And i'm
Every man
Should think
About his

And selfish



I am



In hou
Making
None
替
Close
The
My

來
Our
acaks
iant
Have
in chief at this time, but I assure you it would seem that he is fond of handling abominations
and trying to bring them upon our people. There must be a stop put to the abomination
in the military. It is against God's law. I'm going to tell you why. In other words,
the military must be kept clean and the unclean kept out of it because God visits it. That
being the reason. Let me just lay that down right good and heavy on you before we get
started here. Verse 10, you must keep the military clean to have God's blessings or
you're going to receive cursing such as terrorist attacks in the Twin Towers as you've already
seen when this abomination that we have.
I'm going to tell you why. The first thing that God wants to do is to keep the military
clean. I'm going to tell you why. You must keep the military clean to have God's blessings
or you're going to receive cursing such as terrorist attacks in the Twin Towers as you've
already seen when this abomination that we have. You must keep the military clean to
have God's blessings or you're going to receive cursing such as terrorist attacks in the Twin
Towers as you've already seen when this abomination that we have. You must keep the military
clean to have God's blessings or you're going to receive cursing such as terrorist attacks

keep the military clean to have God's blessings or you're going to receive cursing such as
terrorist attacks in the Twin Towers as you've already seen when this abomination that we

that's Trek, that's the war history. We're, one of the three main until you particularly
citations in the New Testament, you can do.
You've got to be a minimalist. You've got to love.千 If I'm avisible man.
How do you connected the two of us who have alienated you
You can't be faint-hearted and be in the military, all right?
For as God said, send them home, verse 15.
One question remains, how do I get out of the army?
No problemo. Just make a pass at your commanding officer.
Done and done.
If there's a war, just blow on it and I'll come help you.
And I mean done.
Cry it out, Wetley. It's me, boys. It's Wild Bob.
Ah! Ah!
Let us hold it high and light up the sky
with praise of our gallant men.
Tyrants must know.
Now, just as then,
they cannot stand
not as long as there are gallant men.
Let's resume the American Revolution
for the sake of the present
and the future of the future.
Not for the past.
Let's water the tree of liberty
with the blood of tyrants.
Hitler's National Socialism
brought a tyrant to the world.
The end result of all forms of royalism
is tyranny.
Socialism is a modern form of royalism.
It will bring tyranny.
Socialism cuts across human nature
and our will to liberty.
We resist.
Then comes the ovens and the Siberias
and the Hungarian massacres.
We resist.




Then comes the ovens and the Siberias



The rebellion against tyrants
and would-be royalists, socialists
is obedience to God.
Hats off to the founding fathers,
but sleeves up to the future.
The wars of the future
will not be fought on a battlefield or at sea.
They will be fought in space
or possibly on top of a very tall mountain.
In either case,
most of the actual fighting
will be done by small robots.
And as you go forth today,
remember always,
your duty is clear.
To build,
and maintain those robots.
Thank you.
Yeah!
Smart!
And dark!
We're smart!
We're smart!
We're smart!
We're smart!
Smart weapons work perfectly and always save the day.
The idea is to let smart weapons do the job
and do it more efficiently, decreasing the risk.
Soldiers and pilots don't have to get right on top of their targets to destroy them.
Not surprisingly, the development of smart missiles has revolutionized military strategy.
The U.S. has more than 50 varieties of robotic missiles, bombs, and torpedoes.
Robotic weaponry is designed to replace human friends with electronic ones.
Smart!
And dark!
We're smart!
We're smart!

We're smart!
We're smart!
We're smart!
You will not die!
You will not die!
You will not die!
You will not die!
I will teach you!
I will teach you!
It's military term that all the ground forces here in America,
both our own U.S. ground forces
and
and these alien forces,
Now we're going to examine the war itself.
World War III in the Middle East,
when Russia marches on Israel.
I'm going to be using tribulation texts because most prophetical Bible teachers believe
that Russia marches on Israel during the tribulation hour.
And I'm going to say immediately that what I'm about to picture is horrible.
The conflict raised in the Middle East will make World War I, World War II, Korea, Vietnam,
or anything else that we might have before it happens look like a Sunday school picnic
by way of comparison.
The first thing we see is the largest armies in the history of the world.
The number of the army was 200,000,000.
200 million!
That's the population of the United States of America.
M-O-U-T. Military Operations in Urban Terrain.
That means controlling our populaces of our city.
And that's a major training that's going on down at Fort Polk, Louisiana.
But it's not just there, David.
There's a live-fire war going on in the city.
Now, they do this repeatedly.
They did one, the Marines did one at New Orleans.
At the same time, they were doing one in Biloxi,
out from Biloxi in Mobile, Alabama.
I've already been down to their tent city where they're preparing
to attack two of our cities.
Don't be a big dung-head.
Don't kill me.
There's no military take-off in the United States, is there?
The Army, Navy, and Air Force couldn't agree on what to serve on a shingle,
let alone how to take over the country, right?
Right.
I lied.
Right.
Impossible, fantastic, ridiculous, absurd, really?
Gentlemen, this is just a magician.
And only the persistent will be victorious.
I want you to keep this record by your record player.
You understand that?
Yes, sir.
I want you to play this record every day.
You understand that?
Yes, sir.
I want you to keep a log of your progress and make the Armed Forces
Workout a positive part of your life.
Now, men, I'm counting on you to get in shape, stay in shape,
and keep America strong.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Now, I want to see you back here at the same time tomorrow with the same purpose,
with the same motivation.
Do you understand?
Yes, sir.
I can't hear you.
Yes, sir.
All right.
That sounds better.
Come here.
I'll get dismissed.
Damn, I still don't see why I didn't get to go home with everybody else.
Oh, at least it's air conditioned down here.
Oh, great.
These missile silos are all computerized now, just when I need.
Oh, the Mac missile program.


Oh, great.
The manual is as big as a damn phone book.
Let's see.
About Nuke Launcher 3.5 Software.
Okay.
Mount the SCSI probe.
I set preferences and network options.
Let's see.
Shift Option Command Backslash Enter.
Damn, I'm out of appendages.
Oh, my gosh.









Oh, my gosh.

Calibrate trajectory extrapolations.
Input elevation and wind speed of target area.
Histogram of launch vectors.
Oh, damn.
This is harder to learn than Adobe Illustrator.
I thought all I had to do was hit this little red button here.
I'm out of appendages.
I'm out of condensers.
You're out of condensers.

All right.





All right.


Oh, man.
I think I'm out of condensers.

Who do we?
And more information is to be had from www.subgenius.com.
I'm a praiseable.
