The All-American
All-American
All-American
All-American
All-American
All-American
All-American
All-American
All-American
All-American
All-American
All-American
All-American
All-American
All-American
All-American
All-American
All-American















that risk.
On Wall Street 33, 4, 7, 5, 7, and 1,
Chinese authorities say they will not permit PR's PR.
Beijing Olympic organizers issued statements critical of PR.
Analyst Hugh Johnson says you're listening to PR News.
Takes all kinds.
Let me introduce you to some authentic Cleveland radio callers.
Hello, you're on the air.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Is that all you had to say?
Nappy!
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Praise Bob.
It's amazing that he said praise Bob before he said nappy.
He was waiting for three hours with his legs crossed and he had to urinate.
He was near one of those bus stops that had been contaminated and re-abducedified.
Maybe he should have stood on his head.
Maybe he should have stood in bed for all we care.
If that's all he's got to say, praise Bob, he could...
Never mind.
Well, now you're looking once again.
But, you know,
you know,
we have to be thankful for those acolytes and followers who are willing to get right up on their hind legs,
bay at the moon,
and praise Bob on the radio.
We prefer the four of us, anyway,
prefer the female quarters, the hind quarters.
Well, where are they?
Bring them on.
Well, yeah, I suppose we even would take...
This is a sausage fest.
I don't hear any chicks calling in.
Yeah, where's Pisces?
I don't know.
She's probably busy preparing for her saucer adventure.
On X Day.
Yeah.
Where's the owl woman?
She's actually...
Pisces is the new Stang.
She is?
Yes.
Pisces is the new Stang.
She's the one calling the shots at X Day this year,
and I presume that soon she'll be embittered and put upon and...
Well, we got a shot caller now.
I guess Stang is...
All the Stang is there.
Stang is to the Cuban government as Raul Castro is to Fidel Castro now,
and the new Castro is Pisces.
Pisces.
Pisces.
And any other astrological sign that comes along...
Pisces give a five and a half hour speech, a fiery five and a half hour speech on Caribbean
independence while she exposes her enormous, enormous dogma.
Boy, I just can't wait.
Well, you just can't wait?
Well, then don't wait, because she's going to call any second, and you're going to see
him in your running eye.
Well, that's the way radio works, Doctor.
You mention something, and it occurs.
It is there.
It's visible.
It's visible.
That's what we do.
Miss Houston?
I think we've got a problem.
I'm sucking up slack like a Tampax.
My words are like races.
Leave you bleeding like a hemophiliac.
My inspiration comes from a man with a pipe.
When he messed me up, my body was spinning.


God, don't you doubt for a second
I'm still a Kanye
The beats are polyphonic
My rhymes are hydroponic
Hey, I'm Pisces, so give me some water
The stars say Neptune
The books will tell you Venus
But in the end
I'm Eris' daughter
Cause we got a problem
I tell you, Houston
I think we got a problem
Houston
I think we got a problem
7am is coming
And the Peaks, they back
Better start running
Cause we're just plain plum
Tired of their shit
This man behind me
With a smile on the pipe
He's got a ticket for each one of us
And it's a one-way flight
Houston!


Houston!



Houston!
Houston!
Houston!
Houston!
Houston!
Houston!

Houston!
Houston!
Houston!
Houston!
Houston!
Houston!
Houston!
Houston!
Houston!
When I say slut, you say or kill me.
Slut.
Slut.
Slut.
Slut.
Priestess Pisces there, friends, with the X-Day Jam Band.
I forgot its name, but it's mostly the amino acids and fat-free.
Before that, Leemers PR News and our titles.
And more to come, which could be good.
But that's if we had a producer.
Well, I...
We just have...
There's Rob, who's...
Do five things with 12 fingers.
He's all over the board like an octopus with amphetamines.
Like a fish on jello.
Yeah, well, I'm glad somebody's doing it.
That's what we call the safety net.
It keeps us from falling when we stumble, as we do so often.
Well, that's what anarcho-syndicalist socialists like me think, is we need a social net.
But it needs tungsten steel and lamb's bread.
Now you're talking.
Retiarius versus Secutor.
The guy with the net and the trident.
He's good, because he'll throw that net, and then he'll get you with his trident.
That's Neptune, right?
Well, I'm not into the latest net terminology, but that's actually of some venerable antiquity.
But didn't we...
That means if you're on the internet, you're like a fish or something?
Like a gladiator contending in the arena of public view.
A million electronic eyes watch as you...
You fall blood-stained in the sand.
Warrior fish biting at your entrance.
A hundred million thumbs down.
Unfortunately, that's the way they are.
Yes, they'll all turn their thumbs down.
Bless them.
Especially if they've been beaten with hammers and nails.
Big, bloody red thumbs all turned up and down simultaneously to confuse the issue.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, guys.
We have to mention these things.
It is what it is, you know.
Let's be brutally realistic here.
The time for Namby Pamby.
Fairy Tales is over and done with.
Yeah, let's forget the realism part.
Now it's a survivor's game.
Yeah, let's forget even surrealism and just be brutal.
That's right.
No, never mind.
We learned brutality when we watched our subgenius brethren and sister enthroned to the lions.
Yeah, unfortunately, it was even more brutal on the lions.
If your child is falling behind in school, take Dr. Scholl's.
Film glues acid to your teeth.
So brush your teeth twice a day with film.
No toothpaste can duplicate filmed stains that make teeth look dull.
And remember, film never stops tooth decay.
No, never.
So get filmed today.
Lee Murr.
Now, no money mark.
I have a question for you guys.
How are you positioning the subgenius brand in the current marketplace?
You've got lots of competition from Jehovah's Witnesses and Scientology.
Oh, yes.
Not to mention Jehovah Watch.
One's Witnesses.
This brand really has legs.
It's like the centipede of religions crawling and scuttling all over the noosphere.
And many people often say, you mean subgenius still exists?
I didn't know you were doing that.
And then their eyes certainly glaze as you rattle off the long list of recent subgenius publications, events, and phenomena.
I would say that this religion certainly has climbed.
It's got a lot of market potential.
It reaches a lot of markets.
And it has an industry.


Imputed bouquet and sort of a nutty, grainy flavor.
A sort of a scent of oaken casks and aged septic tanks.
Yeah, I thought you were going to mention the casket smell.
But, yeah, there are.
The gasket?
Oh, the casket.
The casket.
The actual casket smell, not the casket covering.
The gaskets have needed to be replaced for years.
That's not my department, but I just thought I'd say it here.
Well, it needs a knee replacement, too.
It has legs, but.
Oh, yeah, right, right.
And the feet itself, by which it stands on the ground to bestride the earth like a colossus,
have fallen arches and other circulatory problems.
It's soulless.
That is soulless.
Or not so much soulless, but the soul is worn very, very thin.
You know, I just flew here.
And, boy, are my arms tired, Yak.
No, really.
I just flew here.
And in the SkyMall, you're surely familiar with that publication,
they have the damnedest things that you never knew existed and that you wanted.
And some of them are so strange.
One of them is a thing that squeezes your legs while you're sitting down automatically.
So you don't have those annoying circulation problems.
This device is tweaking and fondling your legs while you're sitting there watching TV or whatever you're doing.
Couldn't you just hire someone to do that?
Last time I got something like that in the airplane.
They used to call that the mile-high club when you...
But there are these...
This contraptoid that you have to send in.
You're hard-earned simoleons for that is obscenely squeezing your calves and your legs to simulate a walking workout.
Right.
It's easier than taking a walk.
And you can keep watching television.
That's the important thing.
Yes.
Well, it's hard to walk on the plane anyway.
And television is...
You can further think of when the X's come.
Are we going to have a need for a cubicle that will exercise our legs and fondle us while we're driving?
I'm afraid we'll be lucky if we have legs at all.
No.
Or a body.
You know, the X's are quite pragmatic.
They'll only take the part which is useful to them.
And, you know, it's...
Yeah, don't get your hopes up, copper top.
Remember, everything that you feel is actually not felt by legs or anything like that, but by the brain.
The central ganglion.
And that's all that will be preserved.
Fixed up, you've heard of phantom limbs.
An entire phantom body and phantom experiences will happen unto you.
Ever after.
Until, at least, you reach the Port Authority building.
Well, there are rumors rampant that your brain is kept in one of those little diaphanous little tubes
like in the brain that wouldn't die filled with a light liquid.
Or it could be, yeah, in a big beaker with Nancy Reagan looking at it.
Or Nancy Davis, as she then was.
Yeah, but the projections that come out of those brains are no more than a crude hologram.
But once inside those heads...
And we assume that they're reality.
And we're not in a different world.
That's just a rumor.
Yeah, well, you know, once you're on that plane, not the one I just got off, but that other plane,
one has to re-conceptualize the entire concept of so-called reality.
Were you frisked by airport security, by Stang and his minions?
Not at all, which is fortunate, since I always carry a lot of contraband.
Well, I've heard that some of them are very rigorous examinations.
They do, but that's only if you act like a smartass and mouth off.
And then they say, oh, we're going to teach this punk a thing or two.
Well, if you're a harmless-looking old lady, you get the cavity search.
That's me.
Pardon me, officer.
I was just rummaging through my reticule.
I was hoping you might check something for me.
Oh, that's all right, ma'am.
Now, the high-tech airports have x-ray devices that see just through your clothing
and show a naked zombie.
Yes, I know.
And not only that, there's a puff of air that goes into the automatic sequential analyzer
and knows about every particle of frop, which you've got in the lining.
Oh, they have a sniffer now?
In some airports, you suddenly find that you're being funneled down a corridor
through this huge plastic thing where there's a plastic sheet hanging,
and then a puff of air comes and some busy little electrode,
and your brain is analyzing the constituent elements of your package, as it were.
That's the Become the Bong unit, isn't it?
It's all for your security.
Call in the Bong squad.
Do you have to pay the $10 security fee?
They hate our freedom, you know.
You might have to pay more than that, but I paid a few extra fees this voyage,
but it's worth it.
It's worth it.
It's especially worth it if you...
If you tip them, because then it turns out that your luggage doesn't end up on the tarmac
under a leaking barrel of toxic sludge.
Well, then we might be led to believe that the kayakers of 911 actually tipped.
No, that would be different.
You mean they're going to hit us with kayaks next time?
Those fiends.
Stop it, nothing.
Forget Al-Khaida, it's Al-Kayak.
I'd love to see such a day.
I'd love to see the Eskimos get angry.
Fish cutters.
Seal smackers.
Fish cutters.
Yep.
And they have a right to...
Maybe they'll be able to hire the actual Eskimos,
who are going to be out of a job and out of a place to live.
Well, what if the Inuit people do become disenfranchised enough to want to go after the powers that be?
What would that be?

What will we do then?
Well, the polar bears are melting.
They are.
They don't have much of a choice.
They're swimming for hundreds of miles,
and then when they drag themselves up on the shore,
they're shot by meddling nosy parkers.
Don't forget the Hawaiians.
We depose their queen.
You know, Eskimos are showing up more and more.
I guess they are being forcibly integrated into the society of the lower earth.
They're even Eskimo porn stars now.
What?
Sure, I don't know.
Oh, thank God for that.
I've been waiting for that.
Quite fetching.
What's the URL on that?
I don't know, but just type in those words in that search engine,
and don't forget to type the no filtering button.
Save search keys.
Slash Mighty Quinn slash Mighty Mighty Mighty.
That's almost as good as Aborigine porn, which I'm waiting for.
Wow, I hadn't heard about that.
I haven't either.
But once you've checked out Nanooka, you'll never go back.
How about like Papua New Guinea cannibal porn?
That would appeal to me, especially like the chicks that, you know,
like when the guys go flinging from the trees and get hung from the legs.
The chicks would do that, too.
Yeah, you don't need a sharper image leg squeezer when you've got that action going on.
Now, listen to this.
You can strike against the enemy with tanks, planes, ships, and guns.
So with every cent and dollar you can spare, buy guns and planes and ships and tanks and staffs.
Wow.
Now, listen to this.
Praise Lemur, and now Ragnar.
Well, you see, when X-Day comes, everything that's in that SkyMall catalog
is going to be instantly aboard your pleasure saucer.
Or available.
You're just going to have like a SkyMall room that's just going to be filled
with...
Well, that's everything in that catalog.
But it might not be so pleasant to be SkyMalled on those saucers.
Malled.
Yeah.
By the saucers.
Malled in the sky!
So, so much for transcending material possessions.
Oh, no.
No, it's like...
Far from it.
We actually...
Some of us actually need our material possessions.
When your aberrant poodle makes an error, you rub his nose in it, don't you?
Well, this is what the X-ists are going to do with us and our lust for things.
Gee, that's the X-est.
Well, that's the esoteric truth of this.
That's sad news to you.
It's what Dr. Howell is speaking right now.
Stang, he says the overt pervert truth.
I have dibs on all sorts of earthly treasures.
The entire Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam, the Grand Canyon.
Yes, I saw you claiming that.
The Smithsonian.
I've got to...
Well, because nobody else seems to be thinking about that.
All they can think, I'm going to go back and kill that bully it picked on me in sixth grade.
I'm bringing him back to life and then torture him for an eternity.
Right, right.


And I'm sitting there going, man, I want to preserve some of the fine things of Rijksmuseum.

I want to preserve some of the fine things of this earth before we destroy it.
Stang, if you're claiming the Rijksmuseum, can I claim the tram system?
You can have it, man, as long as you get there first.
You know, when Ratnar and I were in Amsterdam, he was the first to figure out how those things
worked and how to get to the exhibit hall, which was so far out of town and hard to reach.
Yeah, the maps there work by smell.
The signs aren't written.
You have to sniff the language.
Red-blooded, meat-eating Americans.

Can't make head or tail out of those things.
Of course, naturally, somebody from Kentucky would instantly figure out how to get around
in Amsterdam.
Yeah, and we would get around very easily.
The only funny thing is that we always seem to end up at a McDonald's or Kentucky Fried
Chicken or something like that, but we sure got around.
Now, after X Day, it'll be Kentucky Fried Humans.
Yeah, at least they won't find your remains in the canal.
Ew, include me out.
Humans are icky.
They taste terrible.
Sharks.
They spit people out.
What, canal remains?
Well, you know, Kentucky Fried Humans, it varies from person to person.
Of course, the French will eat anything.
They eat canal worms, after all.
What are the fish that are spiked in all this?
I mean, the what?
Pulled long pork.
Actually, canal worms are rather good, the way they fix them.
I got a question about the revenge on the bully thing.
Now, if you were on the falter with the sex goddesses, isn't that revenge enough?
It amuses the sex goddesses to see these tropes played out, and they incorporate it into their
program for the next episode.
I don't think it's gonna happen.





You know, the whole thing was prefigured by that proto-subgenius HP Lovecraft, if you're
familiar with his novel, The Case of Charles Dexter Ward.
You know that one?
I haven't read it yet.
The sorcerer, Joseph Kirwan, is able to bring back dead folks by reconstituting
their ashes in a forbidden alchemical practice, which is called palynogenesis, where the ashes
resume the form of falling.
the being that was present before death and before it was burned.
But then, after he brings back ancient alchemists and other people,
like Benjamin Franklin, for example,
he tortures them in his special torture chamber underground to find out what they know.
Because, I'm afraid, your Joseph Kerwin was a bad actor with unlimited libido.
And this kind of is the way many subgeniuses will be.
Let's not pretend it's the other way around.
So that schoolyard bully will have a little bit of unpleasantness in the new life,
just as the subgeniuses must get it out of their system.
But, you know, the more they do it, the more they get it into their system.
You've got to remember what the exists want is not really congruent with human desires,
which are on such a fleshy, lowly level.
And, see, once again, there's the esoteric take on everything.
How truly believes that we are going to be tortured beyond belief for eons and eons?
No, I've made certain provisions.
No, he spent his $30 and became a subgenius minister.
That's right.
Not that I would encourage everyone listening to do such a thing.
We can't accommodate everybody.
But there is a warning.
There is definitely the warning of the true intentions of the exes,
whereas Stang totally, well, you know, he pays lip service.
But the exists are...
You're forgetting Bob in all of this.
Bob is the reason that we will, we, the subgeniuses,
will meet every reward we ever thought we might deserve.
Bob is the broker.
If it weren't for him, to the exists, we're the equivalent of mildew in your kitchen,
just something to wipe up.
The exists have landed.
The earth lies under their control.
Bob's vision stands proven.
Our city's radioactive holes.
And so forth, you know.
We don't know what they came for, but...
There's the glum view of it.
Bob fails, although he succeeds.
The cities are in ruins.
Some of us escape.
Some of us are tortured forever.
I prefer to be one of those ones.
You want to escape and live a rat-like life in a bombed-out city, huh?
Well, more power to you.
Gotta remember the distinction between human and yeti, also.
I'd prefer to live in a library with a pair of bifocals and a parrot.
Then the glasses fall off and everybody laughs at you.
Huh?
Well, I mean, in that twilight zone, the, uh, uh, you know, you have all the books in the world to read,
but then, unfortunately, you are unable to read them and they don't have books on tape because the power is off.
Well, not just your glasses fall off, then your eyes pop out.
And your pants fall down.
Yes, I know, it's a humiliating process.
And then the parrot tweaks out your eyes and uses them as a mankermat.
Yeah, while black ravens feast on your blue eyeballs.
Oh, my God, I should hope so.
That's why they call it the Raven's Craft.
They don't want to say anything that would get us all in trouble,
because it doesn't have anything to do with us.
It has to do with...
Nevermore.
Never mind.
You're now as the President of the United States.
Definitely.
According to the most recent census data, there's a correlation, it seems like.
Behind these statistics are great personal achievements.
They've been overcome.
And lives have changed forever.
I've met people all around our country who can share their stories.
Adversely.
Sometimes...
I've been watching President Bush in the East Room of the White House talking about France.
Paris has been evacuated now, officials tell us.
Because there has been, they say, a homemade explosive device.
You're seeing a picture of it right now from the website.
It is one of France's most visited tourist attractions.
Eight million visitors there last year.
And the world's largest tourist attraction.
So, bring another caller in here.
Hello, you're on the air.
Hello?
Is this me?
Hello?
Hello, you're on the air.
Hello?
Hey, what's going on, guys?
You just stepped in it.
We're fasting.
We're cooking up a mess of subgenius fixings in our radio kitchen.
See, I just said we were fasting, and Hal just said we just messed up a mess of...
But that is the transcendental truth.
To fast is to divine...
To do...
To...
To dine on the...
Divine subgenius sub-dumplings.
To puke the auditor...
No, that's...
Never mind.
Sub-dumplings.
Nothing like them.
Man, are they good.
It's actually too late for me to eat them tonight, but tomorrow I shall be hungry.
You know, the word dumpling just does not sound very appetizing.
Call them potstickers.
Here, take a dumpling.
No, thank you.
But, you know, tomorrow is another day.
Tomorrow's another day, that's right.
Bacon in the pan, coffee in the pot.
Come on now and get it while it's hot.
Until July 5th, at which point there won't be any more tomorrow is another day.
Maybe a little baby is...
See, I'm still stuck right now thinking that every day is the same day you wake up.
It's kind of like, I hate to quote another movie, but like Groundhog's Day.
They're all the same.
Groundhog's Day.
You know, I read in the paper that the poor citizens of Missouri had shored up their levees
and presented a catastrophic flood, and wouldn't you know it, some muskrat tunneled through it,
and caused all that human labor to be in vain.
Muskrat live.
And now you're talking about groundhogs.
We have not been concentrating on that part of the animal kingdom as we should have.
The fifth column is coming from entirely different species that we never expected.
Rising up from underground.
The servants of the Deer.
Scratching, digging.
Rats are the underground, then.
I'll call back when I figure out something to talk about, all right?
All right.
Wait, wait, wait.
What happened?
All right.
Figuring out what to talk about is not a problem right now.
It's trying to force your word in edgewise.
I'm sorry.
That's the hard part.
I'll be quiet.
You can say what you want to say.
Just go ahead.
Don't pay no.
Never mind me.
Yeah, I honestly have no idea what to say.
Why don't you describe your own subgenius principles?
Your own subgenius praxis.
The dog just ran outside.
Let me give you guys called...
That could work.
Your dog running outside?
That could be the beginning.
After all, you have to follow your dog out into the great world.
So why?
Don't you think that that dog heard us speaking of the animal underground and knew what was happening?
Yeah, he's gone to join his Kong gears.
You'd better follow him before he gets the word out to his secret cell.
The dog is literally running to other dogs to spread the word like a dog Paul Revere that we are coming and they've already been there.
Attention now.
Now speak.
Speak.
And if your dog could talk, he too would ask for Bob.
Bob is noted as a dog.
He draws largely on his own experience for his tips on the care and training of dogs.
And frequently, Bob amplifies this information with an interview with some outstanding dogs.
But now, here's Bob to make the introduction.
Okay, Bob.
Well, I'm surprised.
After all, you're quite a dog too, aren't you?
Yes, sir.
Woof, woof, woof.
Woof, woof, woof.
And now Bob again.
Woof, woof, woof.
Thank you, Lee Murr.
And now Pisces and Dr. Howe.
Well, let's talk about X-Day.
Have you made your preparations?
Oh, I have so much stuff.
She's got so much stuff that I don't have to bring so much stuff.
Pardon me.
Right?
So great.
I told you guys, Pisces is the new stang.
She will take on the burdens and become the embittered, peevish, aching, complaining, griping old man.
But I'm a Sagittarius.
But, you know, the great thing about it is that being a female, I can get away with a little bit more of the griping.
Because people will just go, oh.
Yes.
Do you have artistic fallopian tubes?
The kind that makes the kind?
I do.
Do you have axes?

Do you have axes to such fallopian tubes?
I have ovaries of steel.
It's all about the art.
Ovaries of steel.
And the literature.
Don't forget Madame Bovary's ovaries.
Exactly.
Let's take a look at Madame Curie's ovaries if we want to see some real radio action.
Pisces is a true ovary man.
Well, that's something.
An ovary ma'am?
No, no.
Ovary man.
She's a mammary ovary.
Sort of like the uber femmes, but sounds better.
A mammary uber.
No.
Not to be confused with...
It's with the ovary man.
Right.
Which is somebody who takes a lot of ovary.
Or the rather juvenile ovaltine man.
Or the regular Scandinavian oomph, Mitch.
I'm taking ovary.
Pull the wool over your own eyes.
When time's too tight,
give yourself some slack.
When time's too tight,
give yourself some slack.
Give yourself some slack.
When time's too tight,
fled technologies to die.
Stuck here on this rock.
Stuck here on this rock.
When time's too tight,

Stuck here on this rock.

Killing time.
Watching clocks.
Stuck here on this rock.
Killing time.
Watching clocks.
Screw this rock.











Stuck here on this rock
Killing time, killing time
Woke up on the planet of the clocks
Can't ignore the beat, relentless tick and tock
Got some place to be, we won't stand in line
Busy making money, how we spend our time
Pull the wool over your own eyes
Pull the wool over your own eyes
Pull the wool over your own eyes
Lasered elected.




Kill the wolf
Get rid of our massively
Barn figured

With Howard
We
Are

Blood

Blood


Relentless tic and toc
Woke up on the plantet of the clucks
Plantet of the CLUCKS
Plantet of the CLUCKS
If time's the same as money, can we save time?
If time's the same as money, can we make time?
If time's the same as money, can we buy time?
If time's the same as money, can we waste time?
Stuck here on this rock
Rock, killing time
Watching clocks, stuck here on this rock
Killing time, killing time
Busy, busy making money
Busy, busy making money
Busy, busy making money
Before we spend our time
Can we waste time?
Can we waste time?
Can we waste time?
Can we waste time?
Planet of the Clocks by Reverend Max Slack
emailed to stang at subgenius.com
Quite a nice new Bob song there.
We must get to that.
That Bob song's seven CD sometime.
Before that, there was lots of Dr. Hal
and Lonesome Cowboy Dave on Dr. Sinister's
Radio Synesthesia on WCSB.
The background music on Dr. Sinister's show
is all from the Devo Easy Listening album.
The background music behind me now
is Calvin Ball live at X-Day.
And now, a question.
Is there going to be church air at X-Day this year?
Oh, I, you...
We sometimes use church air
as a euphemism for Jenkin.
But, and yes, there will in fact...
In fact, I printed up some signs
to go on all the four flushed doors.
In California, everybody's into church air.
Chicken John and his men, you know.
And K-Rob, my wonderful assistant.
They call that Yuppie Crack.
I thought that was the name of a milk powder, K-Rob.
No, that's the name of the guy who runs everything.
He runs the Ask Dr. Hal MySpace page,
he's the board operator for the Ask Dr. Hal radio show.
He's not doubling as a chocolate substitute somewhere?
Well, he's probably chocolatey in his own way.
I thought K-Rob was kind of like Tiger Balm,
except for only for the appendages.
Well, once you meet K-Rob,
you'll know that to know him is to love him.
He got a Bobby Award last year.
Yes, I delivered it to him.
Yeah, it's poop on a stick is what it was.
He was mightily pleased.
Yes, but it was angel poop.
Well, it could have had a little funny look.
He was a fucking spaceman on it.
It was still poop on his stick.
Now, the listeners may think we're being funny,
but there was an X-Day in which there were angel droppings found all over the camp.
Angel turds were all over the camp.
And they were illustrated.
They had beautiful little color pictures painted on them.
Oh, they're the most artistic things you've ever seen, you know.
They're not produced by apes.
Oh, and you can tell, Susie, that I still have my little angel turd.
I will.
The little candy corn.
Well, it's time to let go.
They had her paint for me.
Yeah.
Candy corn?
No, that's really...
Ow!
I got a patty.
I got a whole patty and a George Forskin grill to grill it on.
I got a rock.
Keep me to it, Rock.
You got a rock.
It's a sign that Dobbs is very, very disappointed in your behavior
and that rock should go in your shoe wear.
It will motivate you to sell more stuff, things, ideas, questions.
And one angel turd I got was shaped like a female sex toy.
And it was painted like a female sex toy.
And I was told it was appropriate.
Well, that's because you're widely regarded as some sort of a slut.
Aside from that, I don't know.
Not that you are.
It's just that if you're a subgenius and you're a girl and you get up on stage and rant,
then therefore, according to the stereotype view,
then you must be...
Easy, as they say.
In actual fact, it's funny, you know, because in my experience with ranters
and other showbiz people is that their real personality is often the diametric opposite
of what they present on stage.
So they act like sluts on stage, but in real life, they're really uptight.
They're prim, proper, goody two-shoes.
That's me.
In fact, that pretty much describes I was...
Well, I got one of those angel turds.
And it was in the shape of a sperm, an aggressive sperm, smoking a cigar and wearing a derby
like Spooky the Tough Little Ghost.
Oh, I thought I was wearing a beret with a goatee.
Bad.
I've seen those ones, and believe me, I've run.
I've run.
Were they French, though?
They were not French.
They were...
How do you say?
They were an act of God.
Have you ever seen a zygote wearing one of those little Portuguese fishermen's hats?
Why a zygote?
I'm a zygote.
I can't comprehend.
Yeah, why a zygote?
I want nothing to do with zygotes.
I run.
Yes, that's a different judge punchline.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, okay.
I'm scared of zygotes.
Well, they are scary things, potentially.
Yeah, they could grow up to be embryos.
They hijack your body.
Mm-hmm.
That's right.
We were talking about parasites earlier on and strange growths and...
My daughter has one of those.
Oh, really?
Yeah, they're planning to excise it next month.
Next month.




Oh, really?
Well, they're all...
I'll be a grandpa.
Good God.
Grandpa stangulation.
Grandpa stang.
That's right.
I can see you sitting on the front porch, tapping your foot plain and plain.
Next to that old, abandoned, unused washing machine.
Whittling on the baby.
Well, I have to get you a rocking chair there, Grandpa stang.
Or a rolling chair.
Or a gun or a BB gun.
These grand desires often have mobility problems.
Gothic-like studging them and stuff.
Well, you know, that's a long...
It's a wonderful life.
To sit in the sun and shine surrounded by all those crawling subgenius offspring.
That's what it's all about.
Yep.
It's what we're all looking for.
I mean, beyond X-Day and having lots of hot babes trying to sit on your face at one time,
it's going to be sitting in the sun like Marlon Brando in The Godfather.
That's the fourth reference to a movie.
Yeah, but you've just got to watch out.
Don't put those orange slices in your mouth or you'll keel right over.
Yeah.
I'm on key, you.
Well, we'll talk about that after a show.
I need to get that all hashed out.
Actually, it wouldn't be too unusual for Stang to be.
My grandpa was a Baptist preacher.
So Stang is a Christian preacher.
You know, it's funny.
I recently learned last year that I'm the descendant of four preachers.
Both my dad and my mom.
All of their grandfathers were preachers.
Well, they're Methodist circuit riders.
That was in general.
My grandfather.
That was in general.



My father's side.
If you go back that far.
Well, you could go back on my side and you'd probably find some sort of parasitic preacher involved in my defolution.
A preacher and a speaker.
If you go not too far back on Dave's side, you'll come to Neanderthal Man.
You'll come to him singing.
Umpha, umpha, itchy, scratchy.
Another solution.
What was the barking?
Remember the Neanderthal barking on one of the many programs?
Yeah.
Barking spiders incorporated.
We're forced to become absorbed into it.
Barking spider is actually a bar by University Circle.
Are they open?
I don't think so.
I don't know.
The barking spider is very much a Dobbs approved bar in that if you walk in there, you will
see little rubber bleeding heads of Arnold Palmer and little rubber Dobbs heads.
The old Pope of Cleveland, Pope Jimbo, had those manufactured.
And, uh.
He donated some to that bar.
It was always a friendly bar.
Well, that sounds genuine, unlike some of those other places which only trade on Bob's
name.
Right.
Do many bars name themselves after an excreted inflation?
There's a sports bar in Tucson, Arizona called the Bob Dobbs Bar and Grill.
That's right.
They serve a Bob Burger and a Connie Burger.
And they have the thumbed, greasy book of the subgenius attached by a little chain
to the bar.
But, uh.
It's for big red-faced jocks who watch a lot of sports on the TV.
It's the least subgenius thing you've ever seen.
It was started by some subgeniuses, but of course they failed and they sold it to
somebody else who kept the name.
That's right.
And any subgeniusettes who were there or would be are actually just sort of, you know,
college girls trying to make a living.
They're spies for the conspiracy.
It is quite possible.
Quite likely.
That for some time.
Yeah, I remember the one Alastair Crow.
Alastair Crow blowing up the blue suit.
Fake rubber Connie heads?
Now you're talking.
That's what I'm wondering.
I think someone should open the window.
I'm short of breath here.
I mean, do you take a large rubber Connie head and put it in a room or in a box with
a large rubber Dobbs head?
Are you getting ready to pass out?
And then you leave them there overnight and you wake up the next morning and open up the
box.
Something germinates?
Yeah.
Yeah, little Dobbs heads and little Connie heads.
Oh, look at that.
Isn't that cute?
And you can actually rub them as an anti-stress thing.
They're available for a limited time only now, only 14, 14, 14, 14.
Well, they got to pay for it.
They're not going to do that for free.
No rubbing baby Bob's heads without paying.
That's what I say.
Rubbing baby Bob head bunkers.
Yeah, in your bunker you can rub that baby Bob head as you listen to the detonations
outside.
Better to have them on your dashboard, Bob's head.
Or you can have two of them in your palm and you can rattle them while you are testifying
against yourself in court.
Yeah, I was going to say instead of Jehovah's Witnesses coming to my house, I've got protected
Witnesses.
What can you do about that?
There's people that I guess they're on the lam or the sheep or what can you do about
that?
I'm afraid of keeping them in my basement because I'm hiding some slaves there.
Let them talk.
Who's going to believe them?
By the time that happens.
Right.

That's the first thing you ask anyone.
Who are you?
And if they can't answer with their name, then they're not, they're incredible.
That's right out of the Masonic ritual.
They ask you when you're being made a Mason, you know, who are you?
And you answer who, who, who?
They say you have to answer I'm in darkness and need to be brought to the light, which
is why Jack Chick claims it's totally satanic because that light is the light of the light.
Lucifer.
Not the light of enlightenment.
In fact, to say enlightenment at all, forget the philosophes and Voltaire and Diderot and
so on.
Enlightenment only refers to Lucifer in Jack Chick's super paranoid world.
God bless him.
Lucifer means light bringer in the language of...
The light bearer.
Oh yeah.
He was the covering cherub hovering above the throne and the most bright and brilliant
of all the heavenly hosts.
Until iniquity was found.
In him.
Well, perhaps you found it in the closet right where old Bug Bottom left it.
Bug Bottom?
Well...
Bug Bottom?
You mean Bayer Zip-Up?
We'll just call him the first created issuance.
Praise Bug Bottom.
Praise Bug Bottom.
I'm a Bug Bottom-y.
Get him off.
Get him off.
Get him back.
Get him back and make him sign releases.
We may let them go some time.
Never sign the paper.
Unless...
I'm sorry.




Bob has signed it already.
That's right.
Unless he's signed it already.
Put your John Hancock right down there under that J.R. Bob Dobbs, that big sprawling signature
with the underline.
A man on the make.
Is he still taking signatures in blood only, like the Pirates' Revenge, and then you stand
up and you make an oath to...
No, it doesn't have to be blood.
It can be any bodily fluid.
That's right.
And if you stand up, you might want to sit right down again because you'll be dizzy since
you've lost so much vital essence in John Hancock.
Just that elaborate signature with all the curly Qs.
Right.
I feel like I could sign and snot a thousand documents and would not care a whit.
That's not for me to say, but the great registrar of heaven, the recording angel, will take
note.
Does his name appear in the Book of Life?
Nay, Lord.
Nay, it never does, Lord.
Cast him into the lake of fire.
I just love to say that.
How about his limbic fluids?
Do they appear on the parchment?
Very sadly, I must say to you, depart from me, ye unclean spirit, into the eternal fire
and the worm that dieth not prepared for Satan and his fallen angel buddies.
But remember...
And you!
In you go, the angel will heave you in aly-ookersplash.
Whee!
Right next to Hitler.
Well, you just remember that Bob is not...
Bob is right next to Hitler.
Bob is not there to wash away your sins.
No, sir, he's there to encourage them.
They don't wash off.
...to do your sins.
Yes.
Bob is there to pull your nose.
And he'll wash you to your sins, and he will videotape them, and they'll be on the Internet.
And everybody will see.
And then he'll sell them, and for the girls gone wild people...
Once again, Jack Chick is right there with his first tract, This Is Your Life, which
shows that, you know, way before YouTube was a glimmer in anybody's eye, that after you
die, this huge video of everything you ever did when you thought nobody could see will
be shown...
God damn.
...not only to everybody present at that trial, but to everybody in the entire universe.
Well, that's one of my parodies.
I turned it into, This Was Your Life, Pastor Craig.
I don't know if we want to go that far in transparency.
No, well, you know, that's not our system.
That's the Christian system.
Doing it with transparency would take too long.
I mean, imagine writing up all the transparency of everything he's done.
Right.
When Bob judges you, the video of your life that's shown is edited down to just the juices
of the earth.






We don't make everybody watch all those videos.
Do you have any idea how many videos any individual subgenius has had to watch?
Many of them mediocre, badly made, the hours wasting one's eyes on these grainy, ineptly
created images.
This is not for the afterlife.
This is part of the penance of the before life.
So you didn't like my film then, right?
Well, I wasn't going to come ride out and say it, but...
Yeah, I have a question.
You should have a French version.
They'd love it over there.
You could retitle it, Pardon Mon Direction et Cinématographie.
And they would love it here.
A delightful bit of froth.
What if somebody got cast into the lake of fire and then, oh, here that guy is.
His name was just alphabetized the wrong way.
Well, a little bit more fire for you, Scarecrow.
Well, as we learned from Uncle Remus' stories, when they start to throw you in the
lake of fire, you go, yes, please, throw me in the lake of fire.
But whatever you do, don't send me to subgenius hell.
Oh, so subgenius hell is the one he fears the most.
Cast him into the subgenius hell.
Because that's how you trick him.
Well, wouldn't they be on to that?
I mean, that's an old ploy.
Oh, only an omnipotent being would be able to figure that out.
You know, they're using double, triple reverse psychology.
Subgenius hell is actually very subtle.
Subgenius heaven, you know, you have fields of froth.
You have a crop that you can smoke.
No, that's subgenius hell.
Right.
Subgenius heaven, you can't even begin to imagine.
You don't immediately go to subgenius heaven.
There's a long and winding road that takes you there.
Yeah, you have to be prepared.
If you went straight to subgenius heaven, the pleasure would kill you.
That's right.
You have to be prepared by the boot camp of subgenius hell.
Like when Jupiter appeared to have this simile.
You would be blasted by the effulgence.
You would be blasted by the effulgence of the true Bob-like nature.
You have to be prepared, gradually.
Talk to your lady.
Would you have a lady prune?
You know, boys and girls, I was kind of wondering,
do we assume the Bob nature once we've transformed ourselves,
or is it always in us, or is Bob an illusion and we create it?
You put it on.
You put on the Bob nature like a polyester coat of many colors.
Like a low-hair suit.
Like a polyester suit was the way it was first described,
and yet the bowling alley is multicolored as we've taken more and more LSDs.
Yes, but there's that strike.
That satisfying strike.
Or you could pick up a spare.
That lucky stroke.
A likely stroke for those...
Aren't you going on strike right now, Hal?
You're in SAG, aren't you?
I'm not on strike, and I'm not in SAG.
I'm in AFTRA, which unfortunately there is a distinction.
They tried to meld SAG and AFTRA together, but it failed.
And he's a loyal AFTRA.
It's SAG.
I'm not loyal, but I have to pay those dues, because if I don't,
I can't get those big jobs.
You'll never work in this town again.
Technically, you're forbidden as an AFTRA, an American Federation of Radio and Television Artists.
So local number 25.
And...
From the Los Angeles area.
You see, I had to join while I was down there in conspiracy TV world,
and so even though I don't live there, that's my local union.
I'm in the Film Actors Guild.
Are you really?
That's the cool one. That's what I wish I was in.
I was in BMI.
Broadcast Music Idiots.
Well, anyway...
From PR News in Washington,
I'm expected to grow by 50% over the next two decades.
On Wall Street, 6211-864-714.
Today, the Supreme Court was sparked by lightning on Sunday.
Justice David Souter wrote that this is PR News.
The Supreme Court is now in session.
Well, folks, speaking of annoying chores we all have to do to satisfy one requirement or another,
portions of the following broadcast may be found objectionable by members of the listening audience.
Therefore, WCSB advises listener discretion to the views and opinions expressed on this program,
not those of WCSB or Cleveland State University.
They better be found objectionable.
We're not doing our job.
We're not doing our job, no.
Folks, we are just about out of time.
I want to thank my special guest tonight, Reverend Stang, Dr. Howell.
Hiya.
Can I thank you enough for your support tonight?
I would like to thank your glange.
And I want some cowboy Dave.
Tis midnight, but small thoughts have I of sleep.
Thank you for your call tonight, Brocknar.
See you at the work of X's.
I love all of your glanges.
I have one final thought.
When X Day does come, will we be reunited with all those clones that the X's have made of us?
I love your glange.
We shall see.
I love your brain.
Get ready.
Only time will tell.
It's coming.
The end of the world in just a few days.
Bob, love ya.
Each and every one of you little subs.
Absolutely.
I love you, D-Mees.
We smell sausage and sucasa.
Good night, Pisces.
Me esposa es su esposa.
Oh, they hung up.
Uh-oh.
We smell sausage.
You know what, guys?
I got to drop you off.
Well, it was fun.
It was fun while it lasted.
Well, uh, we'll, uh...
I'll try and be here next week, I think.
Um...
Yeah, I'm gonna try to get Dr. Howell back to the studio here by 9 o'clock.
I'll be back.
But if I don't make it by 9 o'clock, I have to go back to the studio and I'm gonna have




have dropped off a Suzy the Flusy X-Day special.
Oh, that outclasses me anyway.
You'll want to play that in any case.
Well, that would be the 9 o'clock if we don't make it by hour.
Well, at least we've got coverage, everybody.
Coverage.
Me like coverage.
Good.
Yep.
All right, folks.
That's about the size of it.
Keep, stay tuned.
We've got a big steaming pile of crap coming down the pike for your enjoyment.
Keep your hat on tight, your sack in the saddle, and your knees in the wind.
And always, always.
And hold on tight.
And keep it surreal.
From PR News in Washington.
I'm a terrible.
Reminder of PR News in Washington.

Reminder of PR News in Washington.
I'm a terrible.

