We're still at the X-Day Drill.
We decided not to leave.
Your brothers from out of space
are coming with advanced knowledge
to help
super race!
Bob will save all true believers, though, in 1998, right?
Actually, Bob, you better hope that Bob does some wheeling and dealing
for your soul come 1998.
He is the salesman of the universe here to make sure that Earth
and your soul does not get sold to the robot mutilators.
At least for not too low a price.
So you better read that book with all three I's
or however many you have left
and leave the driving to Bob.
That's right.
You do the walking.
Let Bob do the talking.
Who are these men from Planet X, children?
What is waiting there for me?
Bob.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry
Hour of Slang
sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Friend, the elder gods have been sleeping, but they're waking up.
And you gotta find that word of Bob before it's too late.
Before 1998, July 5th, the end of the world, the end of time as we know it.
When the very, the very...
The score is racked up.
The score is racked up and it's the time and a half time.
Yes, sir.
We just won't have a chance.
They'll be able to have their ways with us.
You've heard about the smallpox blankets and the Indians, you know.
Well, this is gonna be technological.
You've heard about the smallpox blankets and the Indians, you know. Well, this is gonna be technological.
You've heard about the smallpox blankets and the Indians, you know. Well, this is gonna be technological.
Viral infecting of an entire planet with means of doing things, means of destruction, means of alteration of genetic patterns, means of controlling people's minds that we don't even...
To us, it's magic.
Any significantly advanced form of science becomes magic.
If that smoke comes out of Bob's pipe no more, then we shall be reduced to that can of warm beer under the bed of a hungover elder god at 11.30 on a Sunday morning.
Bob is here to make sure that instead of it being the end of the world,
it's the end of their world and the new Jerusalem where slack begins.
Yes, the streets will be paved with slack.
Slack will drop gently from the sky.
Slack will ooze out of the pores of the faithful.
The tribulation money will fall from the flying saucers.
Yes, it'll all be floating around in those little green rays coming out of our feet.
That's why we tell...
We have slack.
That's why we tell the public to throw their money away.
It's no good.
It's gonna be...
Currency's just gonna be flying down from flying saucers in a few years anyway.
Or give it to Bob.
Or give it to Bob.
You give it to Bob while it's still good.
You cash in that money while it's still good.
Because they're gonna be...
See, people are just gonna be bringing all their money to Bob when the end of the world is upon us.
It's gonna be too late because money won't be worth anything.
When those tribulation times come down, that subgenius pamphlet, especially if you got a white copy.
Now, if you got a white copy and a brown copy, it's a little bit of difference.
But they're both worth more than a bundle of thousand dollar treasury bills a foot high.
A room full of bills.
And there will be people trading paragraphs of that pamphlet for boxcars full of food.
We think it will replace currency.
Bob will replace drugs, religion, rock music, and everything in a great paradise of unrestrained sales, unrestrained slack and sex.
And if you have any drug users in your audience, we should note that the book of the subgenius we found in a test that was conducted in Austin recently.
That if adulterated street drugs are thrown on top of the cover.
All of the non-narcotic qualities are completely erased and indicated as negative and destroyed.
All impurities are destroyed.
All impurities are removed, giving you that 1% of pure that you paid for out of whatever it was that you were.
By the way.
That's better than pyramid power.
Yes, much better than pyramid power.
I'd like to say those.
Because it's in a plane rather than going to a point.
Book of the subgenius.
That's it.
Book of the subgenius.
That is from the fellow everyone knows.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Yes, Bob.
See, man.
That is one strange dude.
Who is it?
Bob.
Bob.
One strange dude.
I think Bob is just a guy with a pipe.
Oh, that's crazy talk.
But friends, you know, our critics have some people worrying now and then that the church might become corrupt.
The church of the subgenius might become corrupted by the conspiracy and there'd have to be a replacement for it.
Well, friends, I tell you, we don't have to worry about that.
Because the true church, the true church of the subgenius is going to be up in the saucers.
The pinks won't have to worry about even seeing the subgeniuses again.
There'll be all kinds of cheap cults and spinoffs left behind, just like the cargo cults among the last mutated remnants of humanity.
And also there'll be subgeniuses left behind.
The subgeniuses who didn't think they really needed that $20 membership card.
Did we just have a power failure?
I believe we did.
Yeah, those who, as I was saying, excuse me, friends, we're having serious, strange poltergeist effects in here as the lights flicker on and off.
Yeah.
Yeah, anyway.
Yeah.
Yeah.

I mean, the ones who left behind, the ones who didn't think they needed that $20 membership card, the ones who tattooed Bob's face all over their whole bodies, the ones who put, they might have put Bob on national TV.
They might have donated their whole estate to us, but they never sent, they never sent their $20.
Now, it might be confusing a bit to those left behind after the rupture because the rupture happens for different people in different ways.
A lot of subgeniuses, when they undergo the rupture, what, the people standing around and back on Earth, it looks like a burning monk or spontaneous combustion.
They just burst into flames and scream and scream.
It's the most horrible, painful-looking thing in the world.
But, of course, that, friends, that's just the image.
That's just sort of the hologram, the body being left behind, just the shell.
Because on next day, when you are ruptured, no matter how it looks, you know, you're, you're going to be left behind.

Your youthful, perfect body is being recreated on the vessels of the sex goddesses.
And a thousand clones of kitten on TV dot are going to, well, I, friends, when you get on that escape vessel,
every person you ever had a crush on since elementary school is going to be there ready to have sex with you.
Either that or else simulacra of those people.
It might as well be the same.
Because the sex goddesses, you see, can change their form completely and totally.
First, you, you'll, you'll, there'll be the, say, the girl you had a crush on in first grade.
Well, now she's at a perfect, she's perfect and healthy at age 25, of course, you know.
And, but, and when, when she leaves, why, in walks the girl you had a crush on in second grade.
Or, or here's that, that boy you had a crush on when you were 13 and he almost kissed you.
But now he's going to do it.
And he's still wearing the same clothes that he did at the prom.
Or that milkman or babysitter that you lusted after.
They'll all be there.
The sex goddesses tap your mind.
It's not really people.
It's part of the, the muom system.
The, a, a, a biomorphic toy that conforms to the fleshly configurations to satisfy any kind of lust you might have.
And they can pre-guess what you're about to think, friends.
They can pre-guess what you're about to think, friends.
They can sense a desire percolating up in your mind.
And just, for instance, just a few seconds before you, you think of it.
That zap comic that you always wanted to read a second time.
What just happens to be over there in the pile.
And you, and you look back and you think, man, this is, this is great.
If only I had a frop stick.
Well, here's a frop stick.
Because muom and the biomorphs and the sex goddesses can anticipate your every wish.
They can whiff a desire coming on.
And you'll think, now if I could just, um, meet up with that, that haughty librarian at that one college I went to while I'm reading this comic.
And sure enough, in she comes through the door.
Well, if only she'd dance, you think.
Oh, if only she had a small whip.
And it happens.
As you think about it, there's no limit.
No limit at all.
And oh, if only she'd give me a ham sandwich first.
Ah, yes.
Now I'm.
And you'll sit there and think to yourself, you know, I can't believe there was a time when I wondered if it was worth the 20 bucks.
And you're sitting there eating the hell out of that ham sandwich, getting a scarf job from that biomorph, watching wide screen color TV Elvis movies, and thinking, how could I ever have wondered?
How could I ever have doubted Bob for a second?
And, and to think of poor Bubba, my brother Bubba back there on earth.
The guy that said, hell, send them $20.
That's just what they want you to do.
I'll pump gas for $2.38 an hour the rest of my life before I'd send a dollar to that damn sub gum church.
Oh, yeah.
Well, it's hard times for Bubba now, friends.
Yeah, just when you're thinking about old Bubba, the one that didn't want to join the church,
well, the TV on this escape vessel in front of you lights up and there's this shot of Bubba down there.
Eating a rotten rat and hiding from the death machines that the rogue pinks made from the stolen womb parts.
And he'll, Bubba will be down there muttering to himself, oh, how could I do it?
I was so stupid.
I could have been saved, but no, I didn't send my $20.
Oh, God, here comes another rogue beast.
And here I am in this pest, festering pile of rat waste and dead people and stripped bare skulls.
If only I could die.
If only I could die.
But I can't.
I can't.
Why, if only Bob was here now, I'd give him my $20.
I'd give him $40.
I'd give you everything I own, Bob, please.
Well, friends, that just shows how much they trusted Bob.
They didn't trust Bob Dobbs.
Didn't trust him $20 worth.
Okay, fine.
Fine.
No skin off our teeth.
Pay lip service.
Wear that Bob t-shirt.
Be real hip.
But when those saucers come, well, you're either on the bus or you're off the bus, as those great proto sub-genii used to say.
And the dumbest nerd could get on the bus for $20.
Well, actually, those $20 don't count.
Their souls go into the cylinders that we trade for.
But they should be proud that their souls, such as they are, at least made it possible for their betters to win.
To ride the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
And there'll be an orientation film that they'll show you when you're ruptured up.
You know, because otherwise it might be kind of confusing.
This orientation film is kind of projected into your head.
It's introduced by Princess We Are Doe, queen of all the UFOs,
who's sort of this half-naked Flash Gordon slash Viking Brunhilde
with metal pointed breastplates.
And a horned helmet and all this UFO insignia on anything.
And she is the masteress of the path of the beast resistance.
And she narrates this film.
And it's like, you will hear and obey.
Take off your clothes.
And you can watch the, you can either watch the orientation film
or you can watch the live broadcast of X-Day.
Or you can just, you know, go back to having your fun
with the different simulacra and sex goddesses and so forth.
And, of course, your sweetheart's going to be doing the same thing too.
But because it's in, because it's on those, those spaceships
on the, on inside the escape vessels, it's, there's no time and no sense of jealousy.
It's, you'll always, it's like, there's no sense of possessiveness
because on that, in that no zone,
of the saucers, time ceases to exist.
Or at least it feels that way.
And you don't need to be grasping anymore like you did on Earth.
The overwhelming feeling that you get on the, on the escape vessels is like,
wow, the best part is it lasts as long as I want it to.
And I can take forever.
I'm immortal for now.
And I don't have the urge to grab this and keep it
so I can run somewhere else to grab some other thing.
I don't have to kill or defeat another monkey man to hang on to these,
these big round soft things.
I'll have plenty of time to get to those other big soft round things.
More, more than I could ever use.
And my pipe overfloweth.
And the big round soft things shall follow me through the land of Dobbs
and I will dwell in the cleft in between forever.
It's like, oh, how were your multiple partners today, dear?
Oh, big and round and soft.
Ah, yes.
And there's, but people ask so many questions.
They say, well, well, Reverend Stang, is there just one giant saucer
or is it a bunch of regional saucers, you know,
like an East Coast saucer and a West Coast saucer?
No, there's a million kinds of saucers, friends, but it's, it's like virtual reality.
So once you're inside one of them, you might as well be in all of them.
You might as well be on Planet X.
You're not in normal space.
You can sort of phase to the other saucers or find your friends.
You can go to the Chinese saucer today or I'll go to the gay and lesbian saucer.
Gee, I always wanted to try being a lesbian female.
But meanwhile, those who are left behind, which is 99% of the population
and probably 90% of the subgeniuses, all those who didn't send their $20.
They'll miss out on next day.
You know, come to think of it, I never sent.
Technically, I mean, I've spent a lot of my own money on the church.
I've spent a lot of my own money on the church.

I never sent my $20 in for a membership.
Dr. Drummond never did.
Palmer Vredes never did.
Puzzling Evidence never did.
Sterno never did.
And you know, friends, it won't matter what you did for Bob.
What'll matter is whether you sent that for that membership card.
I guess I'm going to have to get around to that.
Well, I got plenty of time, plenty of time till next day.
Oh, hell, that's 1998.
We got all the time in the world.
There will be one big escape vessel just for Bob.
For the doctors, for the hierarchy.
And I can just see Byron and Gordon and some of those other people up there going,
Hey, you know, we ought to go down and save Ivan and Philo
and all those who never got around to sending the $20.
And then they'll go, well, we'll get around to it.
We're not sure where the escape vessels of the sex goddesses go, dear friends.
As far as I can tell,
they probably just fly around.
But I'm going to go, I'm going to get off of this for right now.
We'll go to an old hymn.
This is a lovely old subject.
And I do mean old.
This is like from 1981.
Old subgenius hymn by someone we only know as Doug number four.
Oh, yes.
Please, Bob, don't kill me.
I want to die for Bob.
I want to die in a holy place.
We hold and drown the bank boys and the normals.
If we have to, if we have to,
Bobkin makes them die.
And we'll all come back older men.
We'll all come back older men.
We'll all come back older men.
All over reason why.
Oh, yes.
Yes, what a wonderful, wonderful tune there from the good, the good, good Reverend Doug No. 4,
who got scared by the Church of the Subgenius very shortly after doing that very song.
And we never heard from him again.
And for all I know, he might be listening to this show going, where's my royalties?
But he's not going to lack for royalties, dear friends,
because he'll be on those saucers, and I hope, I hope that you will too.
I hope you'll join us there on that lovely day.
And to make sure that, let's go through some of these things to double check just before X Day.
There'll be more of this in our upcoming book, Revelation X.
This is where a lot of these notes are coming from, by the way, friends.
From a research session between myself and Dr. G. Gordon Gordon in conference
with Dr. G. Gordon Gordon.
That man, J.R. Bob Dobbs, yes, sort of a teleconference that we were on.
Praise this modern day technology.
That way we didn't have to be in the same room with Bob, don't you see?
It's a dream.
But anyway, I mean, you don't want to miss your chance to be on the escape vessels of the sex goddesses on X Day.
You don't want to end up down on Earth being fried.
So make sure that you have a real Subgenius minister's card.
On you at all times.
Now, you never know, X Day might come early.
So keep it with you.
Subgeniuses often lose those in the wash.
We get a lot of mail from people saying that.
I washed my membership card.
Can I have another one?
And you don't want that to happen just before X Day, friends.
So if you have members who have lost their cards, but who are paid up and on the master disk of souls,
because we can tell, you can't fool us.
We'll give you a free replacement card from the Dallas headquarters anytime, free of charge,
just by subgenius.
Send in your self-addressed stamped envelope.
This is members only.
To Bob, and we'll be giving that post office box number soon in the broadcast.
P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214 is what I'll be telling you.
But, ah, X Day.
You know, on X Day, for those down below on Earth,
you know, it'll be a little different than it would be up in the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
They'll look up trying to put, while they're trying to put,
put their clothes out,
uh, there'll be this huge eyeball in the sky,
this giant pyramid-shaped light form,
with a big eye that just covers the whole sky.
And it's filming for the escape vessel screens.
Ah yes, when we can watch what's going on down there, we can watch any part of it we want.
And we can also leave messages, because the big eye projects sort of billboards, holographic billboards,
from,
from horizon to horizon that say things like,
smile, you know, welcome to your stupid life.
You're being seen live on the escape vessels of the sex goddess screens,
where the subgeniuses are now partying, you dumb idiots.
I mean, a big billboard stretching all across the planet in all languages saying,
fools, we're having a great time.
And the subgeniuses can take turns broadcasting personal statements, so,
you know,
this horrible pink evil person will be down there, uh, fighting the Robeast,
and suddenly there's this, uh, voice will ring out.
Hey, Mrs. Darden, I was in your 1959 fifth grade class, remember me?
Steve Wilcox, haha, I'm up here, you're down there, ha!
Or, uh, like, pain radio, coming to you, Mr. Shaughnessy, the principal.
Remember when you expelled me? How do you like the pain, huh?
And, uh, you know, you get back at it anyway.
Oh, you laugh at it.
You laughed at me in junior high, Max.
You put me upside down into a trash can.
You and your jock friends, you aren't laughing quite so hard now, are you?
And there'll be little holographic, ghost-like things, green slime type ghost sort of things.
Millions of little 3D Jane-ers flying around, taunting, and saying,
you should've spent your twenty dollars, should've spent your twenty dollars,
oh, friends, friends, oh, praise Bob, praise Bob, praise Bob,
it's gonna be so, but, you know, and so we find that the world isn't really to be destroyed.
It's that the humans, what happens is the humans are given all this alien technology,
and they screw everything up.
They've got a miracle machine there, this WOM thing, that could do anything they want,
but nobody pays any attention to it at first because, uh, they don't know what its capabilities are,
and it's real cautious about revealing itself too fast.
And they don't know that this, this, this is an alien.
fungus that's growing around them could fulfill their wildest desires because they don't believe
it can because they don't have any wild desires because they didn't think to ask
and people will be down there in the ruins begging us with their last potato to preach
and deliver unto them the word of dobbs because it's the only thing that'll save them it's subgenius
artifacts like old copies of the book of the subgenius or or illegal bootleg tapes of this
radio show original pamphlet number ones even an old dobbs head it'll be worth a boxcar full of
canned peaches friends because the luck shell the luck shell that we've always claimed was around
our various products that you thought we were only kidding about and that's real and and it will
become visible on x day a glow that's visible even in daylight any given page
of the printed word bob will be not only of practical use as lamps in the dark but more
importantly they'll be unthinkably valuable religious treasures dear friends the most
valuable things on the whole planet because you're safer if you have that if you've got a
copy of the show with you it tips your luck playing it helps a whole lot against radiation
and landslides and brain worms and noise demons and nerve runners and all that it didn't nearly
like having a membership card but it's a lot better than having nothing because friends your faith
your faith and bob will be all you have left on that day and he'll know whether you believed in
him wotan will know and he will come he will come to judge and now here are my predictions listen
listen carefully join me in knowing the headlines of tomorrow
today
i'm not gonna judge you but i'll see you
i predict public executions will be shown on television sponsored by your local gas company
securing the faith that the future is filled with good things for you and yours i predict that lsd
marijuana and speed can change your sex listen now to the headlines you will be reading in the
coming
introduction period school built on sweet potato pie gee that's a headline if it were possible to
spray small doses of lsd from an helicopter into the air people would soon quieten and not be hurt
she is a cutie isn't she what a girl right on campus as part of getting high i mean uh getting
a higher education
which is just wonderful in any language here's bobby lsd is running its mad course with babies now being born hideously deformed from women whose chromosomes are permanently damaged by this drug which was invented originally by the chemical warfare branch of the united states army as a vicious weapon to be used against an enemy here you see the heroic robots the leadies who defended san francisco against the dastardly attack
you
you
you



















.
do

you know who knows what can happen
bob got
ray and then time saved president bush
83.
apc
but you thought you thought your life was when are you on a regular exactly what that is about golden belt and ben super lawyers though at the end you are in the personally yet dont expect them to believe that we cant ask we cant ask continued to moment
explosion thatsica focusing all the fake政ional clown farms adittai your here basically all of the fake 1974 police officers in extmy where seems like the reason im john i mean people ag 있고요 all of them we cant expect it but instead is the scarred brass tbeogxtjun hopefully we will instagram would you find out

And now for the first time, we are bringing to you the full story of what happened on that fateful day.
We're giving you all the evidence.
We're bringing to you the mind-terrifying audio.
It's right over my right.
What is it?
I gotta get out of here.
This won't trouble you. Go on. You're remembering everything now.
And I try to maintain control so Betty cannot tell that I am scared. Oh, I am so scared.
Go on. This won't hurt you. Experience it. It won't harm you now.
I gotta get my gun! I gotta get my gun! I gotta get out of here! I gotta get my gun!
I gotta get my gun!
I can't!
I can't!
I can't!
I can't!
I can't!
They're not emotional. Angels don't have any emotions.
Gentlemen, the situation at this time is so serious that it's the worst in human history.
The fate of the entire Earth is in our hands.
Every hour we are getting news that our factories and our refineries and schools are being attacked with rays of an unknown origin.
They haven't been analyzed so far.
Thousands of people are dead.
The attacks are not coming from outer space, our scientists say.
And certain monsters have been sent to Earth.
The
You've got to use all your power to knock them out.
All your power, believe me.
Laser guns?
Laser guns. Not only laser guns, but your crew. Get them up there and knock them out.
And when you knock them out, bring them...
But we're going to have trouble with the launch pad.
Well, the launch will be all right as soon as I can get there.
We know we've been behind it for years. It's been my research staff that came up with the initial evidence.
Dr. Moore?
Can your staff come up with a weapon to stop the Nazi hell creatures in time?
I can't say for sure.
But with luck, the technological provide us with the answers.
A man?
Is he a captain?
What is he?
And he's looking at me and I say, no.
I have to shake my head.
This isn't true. This can't be true.
And...
He's still there.
And I look up and down the road and I think, can't somebody come along and tell me that this isn't there?
But it's there.
Why?
What do they want?
What do they want?
Is the UFO mystery truly a mystery?
Is the scientific Watergate an incredible and dangerous cover-up?
Understanding of the UFO may be beyond our science and political system.
...twisted them to fit the Nazi ideology.
Thank you.
And Bob, by the way, is running for Big Brother or Universal Overlord or County Clerk in 1984.
Yeah, that's right.
He knows he's not going to win Big Brother. It's just to plant the seeds in the minds of the people.
Bob either wants to be a county clerk or a over-God of all reality in 1984.
As Alistair Crowley once said, if I can't be God, I'm not going to play.
This ain't no video game church. It ain't no Church of Bingo. It's a Church of Bob. It's a Bob Rogers Church.
I don't see what the hell's going on here. What the hell? Did you know that heaven, Christian heaven is hotter than the Christian hell?
Yes, the Christian heaven is hotter.
That's because there are seven suns out of seven.
The subgenius hell is fine. Oh yeah, all your friends will be down there.
Mr. Chairman, gentlemen, I must admit I know very little at this time.
The princess is a creature of antiquity, ten million years at least in age.
And the monsters are mutants of creatures that roamed the earth before the Ice Age.
It is likely that a super race of humans existed sometime in the past also, and somehow all of them, humans and creatures, went into hibernation far underground,
where they survived. They are intelligent. They are smarter than the most up-to-date supercomputers. We cannot underestimate them.
They're not emotional. Angels don't have any emotion.
These sinister euphonauts from the unholy reaches of the universe and traversing this great cosmos around us made a stop one day on this planet of ours.
Thousands upon thousands of years.
Made a stop to allow their house pets the leisure of relieving themselves outside of the spacecraft.
Certainly a few of these animals of amusement managed to break away from their masters and somehow managed to survive on this planet.
.
If this is so, evidence of them must exist somewhere.
I believe that evidence has already been uncovered and widely publicized of these animals.
The animals were probably the Yeti.
The Yeti's crossbred with human beings and the human beings as a result of that are...
Basically the subgenius has the biological heritage of the Yetinson or the Yeti.
.
The Yeti is a human being.
Basically out of the mountains of China, although there's a few that live in the mountains of California, they seem to be a mountain forest people that are...
Well, they're hairy only in their most pure state, but in sort of mongrelized Yetinsons such as myself, only certain parts sprout hair.
However, I have hair in unusual patches of my body, which is why I wear overalls.
.
.
.
I am a caveman that draws from the deep inside, and inside dwell demons who move faster than I live and speak faster than the air carries sound, that wield the secret tools and emeralds of the sciences which I have forbidden thee, and these demons come among that leaders all swabbed in black and tamp them.
.
.


.
.
.
.
meet the uh the men from planet x the x's we call them men sure they look like men they can look
like rocks they can look like uh eight tentacled 30 foot tall monsters uh whatever is the requirement
of the human that they're uh that they're possessing or talking to 1998 is going to get
here we'll all wake up july 4th uh seven o'clock in the morning or july 5th pardon july 5th seven
o'clock in the morning hangovers from the fourth of july and uh nothing will ever be the same again
the planet will no longer belong to the humans or the subgeniuses
uh and that is why it is so crucial that the subgeniuses be in those positions of power
be at the coordinates the landing scripts when those those that angelic host
does descend uh when the second third and fourth comings occur during this period we
uh
i know that you understand i know that you understand and i know that you'll be with us
on that day faithful day x day 1998 bob will be on television he'll talk to us he'll give a speech
that will move billions not millions but billions to tears and it'll work out okay the world will
end just right
and keep going in the new way, the way of Bob.
Everyone would be subgeniuses except us.
You mentioned that the advanced supersonic Nazi hell creatures
from inside the hollow earth are conspiring to take over the whole planet.
Yeah, we read about that in a pamphlet that was handed to us.
Oh, you did?
Uh-huh, and Bob confirmed it.
And there's only one organization that could possibly stop them.
They're the men from Planet X, and they'll be arriving in 1998.
And after the tribulation money starts to fall from the chariots
and the angels in the sky and coming up out of the ground
and spewing out of the back of them car exhaust pipes
and just magic everywhere,
and them tribulation times will be tearing those bad, evil, demonic people up,
and they'll be...
The subgenius people will be...
I think we should bring up...
That is Hitler's gem.
I'm waiting for the UFO
I'm waiting for the UFO
I'm waiting for the UFO
I'm waiting for the UFO
I'm waiting for the UFO
I don't know if it's right, but it's from his phone.
But if we yell at him real loud, he might be able to contact home,
but if we yell at him real loud, he might be able to contact home,



we could get back to the home planet.
remember, folks, which takes us to a planet of non-mortals
who are eons advanced in their civilization.
Our program is Otherworlds.
Another movie that's swept America is one entitled
The Encounters of the Third Degree.
May I tell you this?
I'm not so sure what UFOs are.
I don't know if I believe them or not,
the New Zealand Air Force was on alert recently
because of the UFOs appearing over that nation
someone said do you believe in flying saucers
I said of course I'm a married man
if you don't get that now you may in the morning
over the breakfast table
you say what about UFOs
I don't want to delve into that
but I want to give you something that blesses my heart
I know there is life in the universe
why because evil spirits demonic spirits fill the universe
the cult is full of superstition and mysticism
we're scientists
laser beams shaped like vampires
with glow-in-the-dark brains
I've seen a vision ma'am
so play your cards right
yes
are you
dead
once everything goes in the right direction

let's take hover
you got reach
are you ready
holy shit
stop

have you ever thought that someone could be yours
you never really thought that someone could be real
when they met us

and beyond. And if the true Messiah were to show up at that time, everyone would just know in the
bottom of their core programming that he's the Antichrist because he'll cuss and spit and take
the Lord's name in vain and hang out with whores and bulldiggers and dope addicts and cops. Another
down-home sort. This is a warning. Danger, danger, you poor devils. Things are more mixed up than you
ever dreamed. What was up is down. The priorities are all screwy. You're fretting if your hair looks
okay while some new kind of bladder cancer is bursting out the front of your designer jeans.
Yes, this is bad talk. Nobody will listen to anything else. You won't look at TV unless body
parts or cars are jingling or crashing on it. You won't taste your food unless it has some nerve
drug in it. You haven't used your other senses since you were five, and you sure as hell won't
stop what you're doing until someone knows.
Much bigger, much stronger, and much, much more self-assured makes you stop, and you'll thank him
for it, and then just before you fry in a flash of radioactive hindsight, you'll realize that he
stopped you from doing the wrong thing. Good God, what in the name of sweet screaming Jesus is this
world coming to? People bitch, people gripe. This is a sign of the end times. That's a sign of the
end times, when you should all be hollering,
it's all a sign of the end times.
What, brothers and sisters, will happen to this heretic on July 5th, 1998?
Would anyone like to take a guess what's going to happen to this heretic when the saucers come?
He will be on the escape vessels on July 5th, 1998. He will be on those saucers with the sex
goddesses because he paid his $30 subgenius membership fee.
He had his membership card in the church, and even if you were to go out today and turn your back on
Bob's kids, have you ever heard any of this? Even if you were to go out tomorrow and get a job, maybe even as
president of the United States or a cop somewhere ripping apart people's cars searching for dope, you
would still be able to get on the pleasure saucers as long as you had that subgenius membership card,
as long as you paid for that subgenius membership card. Can you say the same? Can you say that you're
going to be on the escape vessels on July 5th, 1998? You're going to be on the escape vessels on July 5th, 1998.
Do you think you're going to squeak by just because you're cool? Do you think coolness is going to get you onto those space vessels?
Well, what are you going to do on X day when suddenly all your paid in full subgenius buddies
disappear? Many people would say, well, I'm not going to join up with the church of the subgenius.
The church of the subgenius,
it's an organization of non-joiners. So I'm not going to join. Well, I got a surprise for you,
folks. You're not going to be joining this on X day either. And X day, you have no idea what's
awaiting you all on X day. True slack, true slack is like better than getting gang sucked by a
horde of horny buxom Nordic Valkyries while eating a, while eating a big juicy T-bone steak on your birthday.
But X day, X day makes slack seem like you're wearing a helmet with a padlock chin strap.
That's right. By comparison, X day is going to make any slack you have seem like nothing.
Now you might think, well, I'm not going to spend any money on this church of the subgenius.
I'm not going to spend any money on this. I got better things to do with my $30. I can go out and
buy a hoodie and the blowfish CD or something with that money. And I could sit at home and,
and I could listen to my hoodie and the blowfish CD over and over and over again.
And I, and I can sit back and, and just jam and have me a good time listening to my CD player.
Because you like music so much.
Well, on X day, that CD player is going to melt into a pile of slag.
That's right. All your cheap pink entertainment devices are going to be destroyed in the fires of, of, of the Xist invasion.
There will be no music then. The only music there will be, will be the screams of the dying.
You may not like the sound of this type of music, but we subgeniuses will damn well be dancing to the tune.
So what can you do? You can join up with the church of the subgenius or you'll be singing in the choir.
That's right, brothers and sisters. You'll be singing along with all that, all that screaming and pain and all that horrible,
horrible moaning and wailing and praying.
You know, when I was in Chicago last night, I was down in the dressing room getting ready to go up here and preach to the folks out there.
And a cockroach was crawling across the table.
And I took out my ink pen and I was kind of poking it along and it run, go across table and I'd reach over and poke it the other way.
And I'd watch it run and, and, and I'd sit there and watch the little things that got so frustrated.
And,
and then I took out my cigarette lighter and I started singeing around his antennas.
And then I reached around behind him and started burning off his wings and he flipped over and his little legs were kicking and screaming,
flying around in the air.
On next day, if you don't have a membership card, you're gonna pray.
You're gonna wish, you're gonna wish that you were that cockroach.
That's right.
You will wish you were that cockroach.
On next day, you'll wish that you could just be tortured for a little while and then,
and then put out of your misery in a burst of flame by some sadistic subgenius preacher.
But we're not gonna make it that easy on you.
No.
Brothers and sisters, the river is rising and you're gonna drown.
Tonight, I am offering you a personal flotation device.
To keep your head above this rising river, I'm offering you a personal flotation device
in the form of this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The time has come nigh for you tonight.
The time has come nigh for you tonight.
It is no accident that you are all here.
You all have been chosen to receive this message.
You have been chosen.
Thank you.
Because the water's rising up and it's just about to rise over your heads.
And we're gonna throw you this flotation device and you can either grab onto it and live or
you can pass it on by and you're gonna go down like yesterday's sh-t that's twirling
down the toilet.
It's no accident.
You must join the church of the subgenius or die.
You'll be damn glad that you joined.
you will be damn glad that you spent that pitiful $30.
I really don't want to see all of you die.
Some of you I do.
But I don't want to see all of you die.
We're here to help you.
We're your friends.
You must know, can't you feel, by looking at this man Bob,
how much he loves you?
Don't you realize how much Bob loves you?
He loves you so much that he's willing to offer you a chance
to have your every perverse desire be brought to life.
Your every sick sexual fantasy shall be made flesh before you.
Trust us.
Trust Bob.
Amen.
Maybe some of you still aren't willing to believe
to accept Bob into your lives.
Perhaps you need some proof.
Perhaps Bob, perhaps my main man, J.R. Bob Dobbs here,
will give me the power, the power to heal some lucky member
of the audience tonight.
Is there anybody here that needs to be healed of some horrible sickness?
Oh, wait.
We have a man here waving his hands.
Come on up here, brother.
Come on up here.
Come on up here, brother.
Let me help you.
Good evening, brother.
What's your name?
My name is Eric.
Eric.
And what brought you here tonight, Eric?
What brought you here tonight?
My crippled right leg.
Your crippled right leg brought you here tonight.
Well, Bob, Bob's going to give me the power to heal you of your maladies.
Bob's telling me that you have a problem in your leg.
Bob's telling me you have a tumor in your leg that you need healed.
Is this true?
And Bob told me that you had a terrible heart condition, brother.
Is this true?
It's true?
And Bob tells me that you have bursitis in your shoulder.
Am I right?
Have you got bursitis in your shoulder?
He has bursitis in his shoulder.
He has many maladies.
But Bob is also telling me that you've been having problems with your liver.
Is that true?
And that you've been having a problem with sexual dysfunction.
Is that true?
Yes.
It's true he's suffering from an obstruction.
Is it true that you're having some problem with your bowels?
Yes.
Yes.
And Bob also told me that you have a problem with really bad acne on your ass.
Is it true?
It's all over.
It's sad.
And that all the women call you pizza butt.
Is that true?
What women?
That's so sad.
A man with sexual dysfunction and a pizza butt who can't get a woman.
Bob is saying that you need to be healed of these maladies.
Bob is saying that you've had a problem with your throat too.
And your ears.
And the glands in your armpits.
And your left index finger.
And your right middle finger.
The one that keeps getting stiff every time a police car goes by.
Is it true brother?
This is the truth.
Well brother, tonight we're going to heal you.
We're going to heal you brother.
Oh yes.
Brother Bevilacqua is going to come up here to help me out with his healing.
Sometimes the power gets in me and it's so strong that I burn out the wires and actually accidentally kill the person I'm trying to heal.
But brother, we're going to heal you or kill you.
We're going to take care of your leg.
We're going to take care of your arm.
We're going to take care of your brain tumor.
We're going to take care of your sorry little limp and your packed up butthole.
We're going to take care of your angina pectoris.
We're going to take care of your swollen glands.
We're going to take care of that middle finger that sticks up on your right hand whenever a policeman comes by.
And make it so the middle finger on your left hand gets stiff when policemen go by too.
Brother, I'm going to lay my hands on you and heal you.
Beheal!
Oh my God!
Whoo, brothers! He isn't going to be needing this anymore.
Yee-haw!
Come on up, brother. Come on up.
How are you feeling now? How are you feeling now?
I'm feeling amazing.
Now go on out and find yourself a woman in this crowd and see if you can make your dysfunctional organs work.
But I've got total faith that Bob is going to do this for you.
I've got total faith that Bob is going to do this for you.
Yes, brothers and sisters.
You've seen the miracles tonight.
You've seen the healings and the inflictions of pain.
I see my brother here is actually over here carousing with a woman now.
Who's not looking at him as if he were a disgusting squid.
Oh, look at that. He's getting some action.
And Bob promises all of you all the action you'll ever need.
All the action you'll ever want.
And more.
Two and a half feet long solid aluminum.
The orifices are going to be stretching.
The heads are going to be collapsing.
And brothers and sisters, I'm not going to use any lubricant.
Oh, yes.
I have but one thing to say.
I have but one thing left to say to you all.
The supermarket has run out of food.
The highway out of town is jammed up.
Gridlocked.
The doctor's dead.
There's a meteor heading for your town.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs is sitting at the wheel of the last train out of town.
Brothers, sisters.
You've got to get on that train.
Because when you come right down to it, you either got to ride that train or you're going to get tied to the tracks.
Remember, it is far better to be a speeding car than it is to be a blind man crossing against the light.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!

Amen, brothers and sisters.
Can I get an amen?
Amen!
Can I get a hallelujah?
Hallelujah!
What do you all want tonight, brothers and sisters?
Fire!
What do you want?
Fire!
Brothers and sisters, I need you to say it again.
But I need you to say it loud enough that the exes that are on their way here will hear you.
And they're going to crank up the radio and roll down the windows on their spaceship.
And they're going to light up a big fat-frop stick and smile.
And they're going to be coming down.
And you got to let them know that you're all waiting for them.
So what is it that you want, brothers and sisters?
Fire!
Yes, brothers and sisters, slack!
Oh, yes.
And who is going to give you this slack?
Me!
Yeah!
Go ahead!
Brothers and sisters, the train's leaving.
And a lot of you guys are on the right track.
Woo!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Thank you very much.
Good!
Woo!
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob!
Woo!
You hand them that pamphlet, oh, friends, the scales fall from their eyes.
But you know, when those pink boys discover Bob, it's either truth or death.
For the love of Bob can kill normals, friends, yes?
Yes, but Bob's men are moving on this planet.
Oh, that planetary alignment that came up, the Jupiter effect, oh, I'm now sure that may have caused earthquakes and volcanoes and the Earth to tilt on its axis.
And men will, in the end times to come, men will gnash their brains and think backwards.
Dead Christians will come up from their graves, shambling and rotting like not of the living dead, but through it all, helping to profit from it all, is that one mighty link between Heaven and Earth.
That Bob, oh yeah, I can see it now, the miracle of the Bob world is unfolding.
They're wading up to their knees in blood, dear friends, but it's the blood of the baptism of the mighty fist face of Bob!
That face that can pile through eight-foot-thick titanium steel conspiracy fork-knock stores with that mighty pipe!
Oh, he ain't from another planet, he ain't something we have to bow down and kiss to, he's a man.
Oh, well, you can pull Bob's leg and he'll laugh at you.

Right along with you, because Bob, he's been a fool just like you and me.
Bob's been a pathetic fool, and I tell you what, that J.R. Bob Dobbs will be a fool again!
He's a fool today, he's a fool tomorrow, because he's the same Bob, he's always the same Bob, and he's working for you and me.
But it's that foolishness that has kept man from being satisfied with his lot.
That has kept man building his great gas-powered automobile engines, his nuclear reactors, that made him want to master the Earth,
no matter how nice it might have been before.
And it gives us, friends, it gives us that mighty hate, the hate that makes us want to smite our brothers,
the hate that makes us get up in the morning and, friends, without that foolishness and that mighty hate,
why, we'd be no different from those normals, because we'd have nothing to gripe about.
And it's the mighty gripe power and the hate that gives us something for nothing.
Oh, in the long run, we may be poor and broke, we may be drunk and neurotic, but we've got Bob and the hate!
And for that, we can hate!
Hate them! Hate them! Hate them!
And that's the power that we have, and they don't have.
Oh, they've got plenty of that diddly kind of hate.
Oh, I hate President Reagan. Oh, I hate my job. I hate myself.
That's the sick hate, friends. That ain't no kind of hate at all.
We've got that all-inclusive kind of hate, that hate essence,
and it's the love of the hate that allows us to put up with just about anything.
So we can do something about it, because the Bob hate is indistinguishable from the Bob love.
It's what keeps him on his toes. Bob is the aware man, the natural man.
He can be walking along humming to himself, playing pocket pool, but the inner Bob is aware.
He can hear a fly sniff on a mountain far away, and he can go up to that fly and look that fly in the eye and say,
Son, I'd like to sell you a big old mound of waste byproducts from physical organisms.
And that fly will give his wings to Bob.
Bob is aware, and that's how he can sell to these inferior creatures.
And that fly, he's going to be a better fly for it.
All those other flies, they're flies.
They're flying, flitting from pile to pile.
They see him just sitting there without any wings on that big old mound of Bob.
And they may laugh now, but winter goes by, summer goes by, all those other flies starve.
But that little Bob fly, he's still sitting there on that pile, a-munching away and a-munching away.
And that pile does not change because Bob, my friends, does not change.
Oh, he changes his mind.
He might suddenly change all the doctrine in the whole church right in the middle of a ritual to teach us all an important lesson.
But, oh, my friend, Bob Dobbs does not change.
Hold that name on the tip of your tongue.
Bob.
There's a B on either side, opposite poles.
That's a lesson right there.
Flip it over on your tongue.
Say it front way.
Say it backwards.
Say it upside down.
And what does it say?
It says Bob.
Because Bob does not change.
His promise rings true.
But if you ain't been sprinkled in the blood of the head, if you ain't been washed in the waste byproducts of Bob, how are you going to get saved?
You can go to that party Saturday night, but you've got to be wearing Bob's shadow.
And you can drink beer.
You've just got to get Bob drunk, too.
And what about Wanda?
Oh, you're just going to have to give Wanda over to Bob.
That shouldn't be any problem.
Because Wanda, she found out from Bob how to get to heaven.
Sit down, boy.
Because, friends, if you're wondering, Bob can love.
Bob can love.
Radio job.
I didn't set foot in a church for three years.
I was just a preacher.

Head up to here with it.
After working as an announcer at stations in several cities, I finally got to Hollywood.
I was offered four jobs, and I took one with a major network.
In 1947, I made a business trip to Cincinnati.
And it was just about then that the Kenneth Arnold sighting of the so-called flying saucers hit the headlines.
And it caused a lot of conversation.
I notice you keep looking out the window.
You wouldn't be looking for these flying saucers, would you?
Well, as a matter of fact, yes.
You don't think it's just some kind of a publicity stunt then, huh?
No.
It's reasonable to suppose that there's life on other planets.
Maybe I ought to start looking for flying saucers too.
If they do come from another planet, how will we know?
Listen, when the occupants condescend to tell us, that's when.
Good God! Good God! Good God! Good God! Good God!
Now, Bob, you're getting to be a pretty big fella.
Yes, sir. Maybe this is a good idea, a chance for us to have a little talk.
Why, sure, Dad. What's cooking?
Remember the last time we talked about this old body of ours, Bob?
Yeah. Yeah, I remember, Dad.
No.
Oh, here's a match. Your pipe's gone out again.
Well, thanks.
But when a doctor speaks of the male organ, he...
Well, he calls it a...
When a man and a woman are married, Bob,
they love each other very much.
And in showing their love,
their instinct is to embrace each other as if...
Well, as if to try to become the one person God intended them to be.
They're the sperm, as the doctors call it.
Is that the seed that helps make a new baby?
No, no, Bob.
Well, what I'm talking about now is the fluid that contains the...
formed in two little sacs beneath the penis...
