Uh, yes, dear friends, this program, Hour of Slack number 1142, might have been a compendium of the new material gathered on our most recent expedition to San Francisco,
but instead, we've opted for Insta-Slack, and instead, present as a sort of follow-up to last week's rerun,
Hour of Slack number 42, recorded at KON in Dallas on August 11th, 1986, exploiting several subgenius shows of the past.
We start, however, with the band that dare not speak its name performing Palmer Freedy's Gun or a Job at Dock Stock 2 of 1985 or so.
The Sky J.R. is on!
My TV, I took my pills, I didn't get any money, what's this guy down trying to do to me?
I gotta, gotta, gotta get a gun or a job, I gotta, gotta, gotta get a gun or a job, I'm sick of the bomb.
I don't have to run away from anything, cause I don't believe in anything.
What direction's the zoo in?
Back that-a-way.
That where you escaped from.
But let's leave things of this world behind, and walk now down the path of Bob for this brief minute of slack from the church of the subgenius.
The devil owes you money, friend, but Bob Dobbs is the bank where you can cash it in.
We gotta burn out the banks of the devil, we gotta root him out, burn out the hate, burn out the radiation, burn out the fire!
Standin' around actin' like you got wires of blood and anybody else, but you ain't, cause I'm the one that has it, not you, me.
What are you talkin' about?
About unknown things I ain't never learned.
How I can see signs, and somethin' that just happens, and I got to do some things sometimes, I got to do some things sometimes I don't even wanna do.
And sometimes inside me I can feel it, I can feel it pullin', and tuggin' at me and pushin', and I can feel my blood beatin', and I got to do this thing right now.
It's-it's wires of blood.
Ain't everybody has it.
See, it's a gift.
It's a gift, like, uh, the gift of the prophets.
Now, I ain't sayin' I'm a prophet, no, it ain't like that, but it's like that.
You're crazy, boy.
You get away from me and you stay away.
I'm goin' where I'm goin'.
I got a woman, I got a woman, see?
And that's where I'm goin', to visit her.
Who thinks if he keeps on insulting you that you'll go away?
Whoa.
Whoa.
We're scarein' the neat.
Oh.
Oh, no, more cars going.
We're out of little car doors.
We can do those clicks, too.
Oh, there he is.
Quick, fire, fire one.
Oh, oh, he missed him.
There he is, quick, fire another one.
Hey, are you fed up with boring radio?
Ooh, you left me just when I need me.
Tired of turgid and tedious top 40s?
Are you in love with your precious love?
I'd do anything, yes, I would.
Prepare the puke of a pretty paw.
I'm in love, I'm in love.
Well, it's time to tune in, cousin.
The Soap Genius.
Hour of Slash.
Welcome potential initiates, and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Driven to suicide with the pressures of a crumbling society?
Fed up with hip lightweights?
Well, get ready to kick back and explore the psychodynamics of abnormality.
Because...
Because...
The Doctors...
The Doctors...
The Doctors are...
The Doctors are... Here!
The Doctors are... Here!
Yes, don't worry.
Everything's all right.
Everything's just fine.
Everything's just fine.
Everything's just fine.
Ah, yes, dear friends, everything's just fine.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang, and it's so good to be back in Dallas after another sojourn afar,
in search of Historic Bob.
This time it was New York City, and yes, friends, I left that package of Soap Genius video PR at MTV,
just like they asked me, and I haven't heard a peep out of them since.
And that's good.
For MTV not to call us back after finding out what we were really about, I think, says something in our favor.
Praise that old Bobby.
We did have better luck at Spin Magazine.
Screw a magazine.
And Simon & Schuster, who will now be, praise Bob, officially reprinting the book of the Subgenius this spring.
Praise Dobbs, praise Dobbs, and you'll all have to buy new copies now, because the second edition will be a little different from the first.
So things are looking up for the mighty church of the Subgenius, friends.
Now, last week, you listeners were sadly banished from the glowing, benevolent rays of the lofty,
intellectually high-faluted, urethodox, Stanyan paradise type of show to the bitter hell of the butt-naked doctrinal schism.
Now, friend, you're going to have to decide.
Are you a Stangite, a Nakedite, or just a U-ite, eh?
You're going to have to pick a side.
Well, friends, I want you to know that I could be out hunting me some prairie squid tonight.
I could.
But I mean, I don't have to do this show.
Most of y'all don't even deserve the sweet word of Bob.
But this is going to be an easy one, though, because tonight we offer you a sampling of other Subgenius radio ministries in other states and even other lands.
The airwaves tonight, friends, will be fraught with peril as shows collide around you for the next hour.
Because last week we got tapes from the serious abuse of the Stangite.
And we're going to be talking about the Subgenius show.
These are weekly Subgenius programs for friends.
The Subgenius serious abuse show from Richmond, Virginia, which is a brand new one and mighty fired up with the pure hate, the gospel hate and dobs, friends.
And from the brand new hour of Slack in Boston, Massachusetts with Bleepo Abernathy.
From the Sister Chris Subgenius half hour at WFMU in New Jersey.
And last but not least.
First, the more than an hour, less than a show show from KPFA Berkeley.
And you'll see how lucky you heathens are to have the Dallas hour of Slack right here in the very cradle of the Bob.
Because these foreign shows, some of them are a little bit better at sacred.
The sacred church accultation technique known as listener elimination.
Of course, Buck and I have been known to show the occasional total disregard for the listeners feelings.
But we don't hurt you randomly, dear friends.
We aren't doing this.
We aren't tormenting you just to amuse ourselves.
Nay, we hurt you for a reason.
A good reason.
And that reason is our great thrice killed guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
This show and all other Subgenius shows are designed to have a calculated effect on the bicameral split between your left and right brains.
And that's why you have to listen in stereo.
Otherwise, you won't be able to get the strands separated.
You'll get all tangled up in the dogma that we broadcast at you.
Now, all of we radio doctors are accredited surgeons of the airwaves.
Bred to make media in the festering cauldrons of childhood sci-fi shows.
Children of the media age, my friends.
So mutated that the media itself becomes for us far more important than those who watch or listen to it.
This show is not a privilege of ours.
We do not consider ourselves obliged to help you or even to entertain you, dear friend.
Because of the existence of J.R. Bob Dobbs, it's the other way around.
It's mandatory that you listen to us.
And you're mighty lucky you're allowed to, dear friends.
Now, that understood, we may now proceed with the tape recording.
All the callers are lining up right now to talk to the doctors.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
But don't worry.
Everything's all right.
Your radio is taking control of you.
Relax.
You're in the hands of the doctors.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
The motion picture you're about to see contains scenes so terrifying, the public must be given grave warning.
Therefore, the management has instituted visual and audible warning at the beginning of each of the four supreme fright points.
The fear flasher is the visual warning.
The horror horn is the audible warning.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
See the fear flasher.
Close your eyes.
You hear the horror horn.
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!

What must the listeners at home think?
It's terrible in the cavernous echoing shell of our rocket with all these floating babies and the zero gravity.
The dogs pinwheeling by.
And we're having a little bit of navigational difficulties.
But we're still transmitting to you the subgenius hour and a half of true cosmic puzzling and evidential nausea and the will to disbelieve.
Urbain curiosity.
The magic comes, but wisdom lingers and it bears a laden crest.
Full of sad experience moving toward the stillness of your rest.
It's all hysteria.
People discomfort or loneliness.
The cure is obvious.
I always wanted to be on the radio.
Now I have a chance better than Christmas.
He's boring, megalomaniacal, monotonous.
A movie camera, table tennis, a wallet, a dog.
Wallet?
I hear the magic word boing.
Boing, me!
Yeah, that's closer. That's closer.
You can achieve it. You will achieve the cider spasm with the excess if you do that enough, friend.
This caller has just requested that I perform a wedding for him this coming weekend.
It's the first wedding over the phone now.
We can historically probably say at WMBR at least.
We can perform this wedding over the phone right now if you would like.
Yes, okay. Rachel and Stefan.
You know the seriousness of the commitment you're bringing yourself to.
And you realize that all the consummations that make up a relationship between a man and a woman that you've done, you've already done before.
But where you're at now is you're going to make the deal that binds it all together.
So, do you, Rachel, take Stefan to be your lawfully wedded husband?
With the word of Bob to be your guiding light?
Yes, so help me, Bob.
And you, Stefan, take Rachel to be your lawfully wedded husband?
With Bob's true slack, true slack being your guiding force in your lives.
Help me, Bob.
Okay, I want you to...
I can't take this, Dr. Fischmacher. It's too beautiful.
I want you to, I want you two to join hands.
I want you, I want you to shake hands.
Hold on a sec.
I want you two to shake hands.
Yes.
Yes.
And say, it's a deal.
It's a deal.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Yeah!
Oh, praise Bob. That was a beautiful thing.
Beautiful, beautiful thing.
And we're going to have a wonderful life together.
That's the first legal marriage over the airways of WMBR, Cambridge.
That's right. The reverends of the Church of the Subgenius are legally empowered to perform marriages.
So, we do invite your calls here at 1-1-1.
D.G.C.
Jesus calls you.
Jesus calls you.
Hey, looky down yonder.
You see that blind man down there?
He's giving out tracts and begging Jesus you ought to see him.
And he's got this here ugly child.
You better get on the other side, lady.
There's a fool down there giving out tracts.
Don't pay no attention to that fanatic up there.
Don't I know what exists and what don't?
Ain't I got eyes in my head?
Am I a blind man?
Let me tell you something.
Maybe you think that you ain't clean because you don't believe.
Every one of you are clean.
And I'll tell you why.
If you think it's because of Jesus Christ crucified, you're wrong.
I ain't saying he wasn't crucified, but I say it wasn't for you.
I'm going to start a new church.
The church approved me without Jesus Christ crucified.
And it won't cost me anything.
I cost you nothing to join my church.
I'm here, folks.
It ain't started yet, but it's going to be.
I don't need Jesus.
What do I need Jesus for?
I got Leora Watts.
Preachers, babes, there be seen.
Attention, Richmond.
This is the voice of the Rat Cave Media Center, loosely affiliated with the Church of the Subgenius.
Broadcasting to you from the subgenius.
The radio's a .
The doctor is in.
Yes, the doctors are in.
Just straight talk.
Just some straight BS.
From your hosts, Dr. Can't Sleep, Dr. S.B. Boyd, and Dr. T.M. Oscar.
Tired of the conspiracy telling you what to do-do?
Just listen to the doctors, or even call 289-UR-90.
No, don't call that.
Don't call that number.
Don't call any number.
God don't like it.
And Bob don't like it neither.
And now, the doctors.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
And what we just heard was a sampling of, oh, you got a little bit of your Berkeley show with Puzzling Evidence, Dr. Al, and the show that dare not speak its name, and Gary the Broke Friend.
And you got your Rat Cave media show with Steve Slack and T.M. Oscar doing that from some horrible little college station.
You're a hateful bunch of ranters there.
And a bit of the Hour of Slack, Boston, Massachusetts version.
Now, of course, the Berkeley was the first weekly subgenius radio show.
But, friends, you know, the subgenius shows are not the only thing that are the most important.
They tend to fall into two groups.
Either the well-manized, willy-nilly, happening, be-in, call-in, love-in kind of show, a la that Berkeley show or the Rat Cave, Virginia show.
Versus your Stangian or Abernathy and Bostonian show type shows, which are the tightly scripted and heavily edited and censored pieces of Bob packaging, which you have come to so know and love, baby.
Yeah.
And let's just see.
Oh, and this here on camera three is a WFMU in New Jersey.
This will be the fifth one we're playing.
This is Sister Chris.
Or this is actually a guest of the mighty Sister Chris who came in from Poland, I believe.
Now see another dimension on your TV.
Wait a minute.
I don't want to see any more dimensions on my TV.
Oh, shoot.
I'm sorry.
There was a little Super 8 video cassette that confused me with this audio.
Bob's promises to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior to explore new ways of going over the edge.
Yes, indeedy.
This is Sister Grajina back on the airwaves of WFMU.
Sister Chris and I have reconciled our differences about muscling images.
We've been on airtime and spontaneous feelings, et cetera.
And I'm here to tell you out there in the ether about my experiences with UFOs and my religious convictions.
And I don't mean arrest records.
You understand?
I'm rambling about the spiritual, the metaphorical, and the comically cosmic.
And my first visitation happened when I was four years old.
One overcast and communist-oppressed day, I was playing in the family beat field with my hometown of Viborova.
When this strange bosom sound was boring what felt like a big hole in my skull and a stiffening inaction took over my whole body and my toes, too.
And then it seemed as if the sound tried to pull me out, my living soul out of my body shell.
But there was too much resistance.
Too bad no one was around to witness this extraterritorial shenanigans there.
It must have looked pretty weird from the outside.
On the inside, I was confused and terrified.
I was literally excreting building material.
But the crazy kid I was, it started to feel nice.
Like new kind of amusement ride.
I don't remember much else about that first experience or how long it lasted.
The thing is, ever since that time, I've been hearing strange voices and been on the receiving end of many bizarre visions.
Psychiatrists and other members of the craziness oppression caste call me and the others of the chosen sect insane.
But I know.
I am positively sure that I communicate regularly with the angels, the messengers of Jehovah One,
who travel like the wind and turn not as they go.
And Bob say, yes, I know, I talk to Bob, too.
Bob say, it's all right to rock out and jam with these aliens as long as I get the minimum daily requirement of sleep.
And I know that I have the lack that I need.
And they don't.
And as long as they don't rip my lungs out my chest, if I do something, you know, that they don't like.
Yeah.


I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.


I.


I.
I.
I did you think something ended up like.
We were just on it.
What's that yet?
Oh, where are you going?
Well?
I'm out of here.
That's why I got some company.
That's why I said that.
So so I got a previous partner from Shit factsная Il
hell on the bottom, then your Christian heaven, then your earth, which is, of course, another
layer of hell. Then you got higher than that, though, a lot more comfortable is the subgenius
hell, which wouldn't really be punishment. But really, believe me, I, you know, you believe me,
don't you? This is eternal salvation or triple your money back. We wouldn't try to lead you down
the wrong path. Yes, the subgenius heaven is even above the subgenius hell, and that's Asgard.
Asgard, known in other tongues or, you know, Nirvana. Actually, it makes Nirvana seem like
getting your eyes carved out with a pair of pliers and just one end of the pair of pliers,
not yanked out, but gouged out. That's what Nirvana is like compared to the mighty spurt
universe of the subgenius heaven. Oh, don't that bless your heart, friends. Well, this is the
subgenius hour.
Slack radio ministry with the church of the subgenius here at KNO and 90.9 FM in Dallas,
Texas and in Virens. And and then we're playing we're playing excerpts from a sister and brother
shows all over the place. What you just heard was an excerpt from the sister Chris show. She gets
tapes from a one of the lovely nun snakes in Poland, in communist Poland. And and I've been
getting tapes from the sister Chris show. And I've been getting tapes from the sister Chris show.
And I've been getting tapes from the sister Chris show. And and I've been getting tapes from the
from the Pope of all China, common red communist China. This is Dr. Lee Li Jing in Beijing. And you
can't write to him because that would get him in a whole lot of trouble, dear friends. But he's
going to be sending some more updates of his Chinese three minutes of slack in Chinese. By
the way, speaking of Chinese, it's a great movie last night, a great wall. Can't tell you where
because that would be an advertisement, which you didn't see. I'm going to give you an advertisement





pay for. But anyway, here we go.
Chris Bob. Oh yes, dear friends. This is Li Biqi, the Chinese subgenius. And you are listening
to the Hour of Slack. Remember, Bob is a comrade of all people. He is a China, just like an
American. People need slack. In Chinese, we call slack Liu Tianpai. But it must be true
slack, not the bad slack of the conspiracy. Chris Bob, help me somebody.
Wake up! He said wake up! This is Dr. Can't Sleep and you can't sleep.
No sleep in Richmond tonight because the doctors have taken control of WGCE-FM. As forewarned.
Oh, you were fooled by the dates on the flyers. You thought it was tomorrow night.
Well, we're always ahead of time. Yes, we have time control. And we'll be telling you
how you too can exercise time control later tonight on tonight's show. This is Dr. S.
B. Voigt, ready to shave off the top of your head at a moment's notice.
I guess we should be grateful for the media manipulators who have allowed us to be on.
What, what, Bob? What did you say? I'm sorry, Bob was just talking to me there.
Is Bob there in the background squeaking among those trays of white mice?
Yes, Bob might show up tonight if we get enough callers. What's the number there, Dr. Voigt?
That's 2-8-
Yes, call us up in our official subgenius all-night radiothon for mental dystrophy,
a frightful night.
It's a frightening disease which is crippling most of the minds here in the Commonwealth.
Call up and...
Well, you know, we...
Yes, you have reached the show.
How about that?
Oh, that was certainly unintelligible. Well, thank you for that holy pronouncement there.
Holy...
I'm enlightened.
Thank you for that holy distribution.
I see the light. I understand now. I understand it all. We can just pack up the show and go home.
We've answered all the questions in just 10 minutes.
That's right. We've steamed...
Oh, my God.
Big beans.
All it takes is one call and all your problems are over.
Yes, I believe that was the theme for this current show, the corpulence of a crumbling society.
I'm so tired.
Oh, so this is the boring part of this show.
Oh, it's getting so boring.
This is the part where you go out for coffee and donuts.
Oh, let's just go out and watch a hardcore show and get drunk and go home and pass out.
Why listen to this show?
We're stalling. We're actually stalling. We're saving the better part of this show until 2.30 when everybody comes back home.
You'll have to stay up till 5 a.m. to hear the good part of this show.
And the sounds of the stress and strain.
We're in the final countdown of what is hoped will be mankind's first orbit around the moon.
I was wondering, has the show started yet?
No, no.
This is the warm-up. We generally warm up.
It's Tuesday night for the pre-show warm-up?
Yes.
We're broadcasting from outer space to radio station KPFA.
Yes.
And a garbled version is...
Raging you.
Oh, I'll get it.
Oh, why, come in.
Welcome to our show.
Hi, Roger.
We're doing whatever you'd like to record today.
Set recorders for a start.
And as the message is broadcast back to the Earth,
Mobius Rex turns it into code which only the high masters, the elders, can understand when they listen to this show.
We're passing through clouds of images and words which were sent off from Earth many years ago.

Fortunately, we catch up with them and then we pass them.
But our linguistic scoop brings them to you for your listening pleasure.
The amazing tales from the Church of the Subgenius.
Be there for the end of the private life and the destruction of the American dream.
Don't say you weren't warned.
We've got to save you.
You already have.
Oh, do they care?
Oh, oh, oh.
You are normal, aren't you?
Stay away.
Keep your distance.
You are normal, aren't you?
I mean, you are normal, aren't you?
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Well, I'll tell you what.
That was so that last one was the Berkeley show.
Just so you keep track.
That was the show with one guy with a really heavy eyebrow right across the middle.
That's a unibrow.
And then there was the heavier guy with the glasses and the incredible vocabulary.
And that's Dr. Howell.
And then there is the Rastafarian with real pale face and really tanned fingers and palms.
And that was Gary Gubrog, friend.
Well, friends, I have to pause here in the midst of these this wonderful barrage of tapes and explain to you why you can't call in.
Now.
Two weeks ago, dear friends, many of you, many of you faithful who listen to every hour of slack because you need every hour of slack in your week.
Many of you heard the sermon about our friend, the prairie squid, that frisky and fecund mollusk so dear to the hearts of all us country boys and girls.
But Dr. G. Gordon Gordon and I got so carried away with ranting about the forbidden delights of that pesky land squid.
And we completely neglected the warnings, the stern warnings, friends, that should be delivered to all squid fornication novices.
I.E. we forgot to mention the arboreal squids, which, dear friends, secrete a poisonous fluid from their inner sheath.
We forgot to mention the night squids, which carry foul diseases.
And the toothed squids, which are rather hard to dislodge from your.
Body once you start to.
You know, do what you do with a prairie squid.
I don't think I have to spell that out.
But worst of all, friends, and I can only beg your forgiveness for this.
This this if this morning comes too late.
We forgot to tell you about the beak, the beak of the prairie squid.
They all have that beak, friends, even though you can't see it.
And you have to pull the beak with a pair of pliers before you start to, you know.
To before you make them safe to use.
And Dr. Gordon and I sort of took it for granted that that was common knowledge that everybody that everybody knew to be because squid before you get on with your business.
And as much as we make fun of people who don't know what a prairie squid is, we don't want the responsibility for a bunch of city boys getting out there.
And I don't know jack about a squid friend.
And they don't have to.
A pink boy.
I don't have time for foreplay with a prairie squid.
Oh, it's just an animal.
What do I have to worry about?
These pink boys, they don't want to mess with tickling that squid to get it to quiet down a bit.
Calm it down.
Oh, they're afraid to pull the beak because, oh, it might hurt the poor beast.
And we'll be getting all these calls on our answer machine at the Bulldog of Time Control headquarters from boys with high voices saying, oh, Reverend Stagg.
I should have.
I should have.
I should have.
I should have.







Oh, they'll be wailing and holding their stitches, friends.
Oh, those of you who were too dumb to know what a prairie squid is to begin with.
You'll be finding out the once hard way, so to speak.
So beware the prairie squid, my son.
Beware that beak that bites.
And the girls don't have to worry about that.
Because the part of a prairie squid.
A girl usually doesn't have a beak.
Although in the South American variety, they sport little spines up and down.
And, of course, those are treasured by some sophisticated ladies of society.
Oh, yeah.
And, friends, now, as you know, we have recorded some 41 hour of slack shows.
This one is number 40.
No, 42.
But two weeks ago, friends, someone else screwed up royally.
And the mighty prairie squid show was not recorded in its entirety.
We're missing a good tape of the first half hour of one of our shows.
So to those beloved diehards out there who take this show, and I know there's some out there.
Please, dear friends, for the love of Bob, send us your tape of the prairie squid show.
Send us a copy if you must.
Send the original and we'll make it worth your while.
You'll get a free extra copy of all subgenius books and publications.
Plus several uncut media.
Media barrage.
Audio tapes as well.
And a chance to be in Bob's new music video.
So why don't you just send that tape to P.O. Box.
This is Bob.
This is the number where you can write for information about prairie squids.
Prairie squid safety.
About where to get the slack that the conspiracy denied you.
About where to find Bob and put him in your life.
And get back the juices that were stolen in the night by those evil succubi and things of the darkness.
And, friends, that's...
You got that pencil now?
The number to write is Bob.
That's the number.
At P.O. Box.
181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
www.subgenius.com
That's right, friends.
Send that tape of the prairie squid show.
And we'll...
And send us your return address.
Send us anything.
We will pay you back in ways you can't imagine.
The Church of the Subgenius can pay you back for that tape of this mighty show that we so need.
Because it was such a nasty one, you know?
Without using any bad words.
So I'll praise Bob so they won't be having a Senate committee investigate us this year.
Yeah!
There's mighty Li Jing, the agent for Bob in China.
He's about to close in on those conspiracy bad guys who stole that bucket of water.
And he's gonna get a slack in that beautiful girl.
Pope Li, Li Jing.
He's a bad, bad spy for Bob in Red China.
And he's closing in on us.
That one looks pretty good.
Well, sir, I'm telling you.
In fact, I'm gonna come right out and say it.
Nobody listens to this show.
Bob came out of that book.
He came out of the Senate.
Yes, it was.
The future.
Bob came out of the phone book.
Who knows?
Bob came from the phone company.
But it was another chapter.
The phone company created Bob.
It was the phone company.
This is the truth.
This is the truth.
Nothing else on this show is true but this.
This is the moment we've all been waiting for.
Done, pal.
I know I'll be taken out in a shot.
You forget to tell us which phone company.
At that time, there was only one phone company.
Just the same.
At the time I speak of, there was only one phone company covering the Earth.
Its tendrils extended in every direction.
Listen, you shouldn't be wasting your time with this stuff.
So it was that I.B. Stang came upon the sacred tether of the phone book,
which he found in the men's room of the bus station.
And in that phone book was the face, the face that we know as a mass of dots.
A mass of malignant dots, a strange convoluted grouping of energy
which may have traveled through space and time for longer than anyone knows.
But it came out of the phone.
I'm trying to tell you.
I know they want to sell it to you because they don't want this to get through.
But he came from the phone.
I think there's something wrong with your tape.
It's 19.
Yeah, it was igneous.
The tape is warm.
Death is like a home.
What I like about the Church of the Subgenius is that you can totally screw up
and then become pope and collect an enormous amount of money and gain eternal salvation
or at least a nice piece of beachfront property.
That's right.
Bob is just a wonderful thing, whatever he is.
He doesn't forgive your sins.
He doesn't care about your sins.
He justifies your sins.
You can hate him.
You can kill him.
You can love him.
It doesn't matter.
You just kind of like pop up and down to it.
I just love it.
And I like the Southwest.
It will probably kind of sneak over and eat you and the West.
It's kind of a bi-location deal.
Oh, Mom.
What's happening?
Oh, no.
I think you've been duplicated, Dr. Gordon.
Oh, no.
What's happening?
Oh, no.
What's happening?
I can't tell.
Oh, no.
Can you?
What's happening?
I can't believe this is happening to me.
What's happening?
I'm crawling into those black holes.
They're so enticing.
Enticing.
What's happening to me?
You've been duplicated.
Well, hey, let's trade those.
Like, you know what?
I can do that too.
I can click through





Have another collar here at the subgenius.
Asylum.
Hello.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, this is Reverend Bleepo Abernathy. How may we serve you?
Hello, Reverend, and I'd like to address a question to Dr. Amit Fishmonger.
Fishmonger here. Yes, doctor.
I was wondering, the caller mentioned earlier the question of whether one has to be in the water sports to hit Bob.
And you had explained it as the elements which you used for your hatred weren't important.
I think that the listeners should also know, though, that although other elements can be used,
I think that bodily fluids are the most vital.
Well, it is indeed a holy right, and we talk about it frequently, to pee on Bob's head.
And when I talk about the elements of fire and water...
You can pee on Bob's head, friend, and R and S and T-U-V, of course.
All of those.
Any of those things.
But, like, it is...
It's all...
It's also important to note that, like...
We're just talking about the letter P, of course, friend.
When we talk about, like, you know, using the elements, I mean, when we talk about using the elements to honor Bob with, I mean,
so that represents, that fluid represents the water element in life.
And we use the air element when we breathe the sacred church air.
And we use the fire element when we fire up the sacred frock stick.
And, yea, even upon Bob's head we can deposit earth in the form of the sacred night soil.
Well, what if drinking liquid slack until one has to, uh...
Well, you know, liquid slack can come in any one of a number of forms, friend.
Uh, it can be Jack Daniels, it can be Pepsi Cola.
Liquid slack is...
In my case right now, it's Canada Dry Ginger Ale.
Ginger Ale, yea.
Free plug.
No, no, no, we can't do that.
It's non-commercial radio.
We have to give a plug to everything.
Every other soda in the world now.
Oh, Dr. Fishmonger, what have you done?
Classic.
Oh, lord, uh, we have to equal time.
Oh, no.
The word human is slowly losing its meaning under a vast tidal wave of inhumane behavior.
It's a tug of war between the fiercely retroactive steel-trap-mouthed boot boys on the right
and the equally insidious, artsy, snotty-ass, psychopathically hip squids on the left.
The conspiracy has twisted the words good sex around to mean everything that you don't get.
That way, they can humiliate you into obedience,
run your treadmill trip, make you fill out a scorecard.
They tell you you have to have career goals,
which is twisted to mean absolute obedience to whatever rut you happen to fall into.
They can make you ugly and fat and bored,
and then they want you to go home and beat off the solid goals.
Discuss this with the foreign minister and the president.
What about Bob?
They never considered Bob.
They never consulted me.
I'm Bob's secret guy.
I'm not your owner.
What he's out in the ranks at is this.
We'll be taking opinions on this land when we feel like it.
He has made observations about the situation in South Africa,
which are inconsistent with the facts.
I don't know what you're talking about.
289-UR-90, tell us everything we don't want to hear.
Mr. Trudeau doesn't presume to be a political leader.
They don't stay on listening shows like this.
It's too much trouble to listen to.
I'm a spokesman for A.B.
289-UR-90.
It's our phone number.
You have the first call.
I want to know, what has Reverend Stang got to do with this conspiracy?
No, no, no, wait.
Now, wait.
You may say, Stang, oh, he couldn't do nothing.
He's in charge of this radio show.
He's the one responsible for putting my words over the air and all that over there.
But, friends, that's completely impossible.
You say, yeah, well, what about, like, Johnson and the JFK assassination?
You ever ask yourself that?
Sure, sure.
You know, mourning for the world and all that.
Now, let's be frank here, folks.
Now, I'm not saying.
I'm not saying.
Lyndon Baines was a bad man.
But Lyndon Baines was a powerful man.
Lyndon Baines was a man who could withstand pain.
Who's to know what kind of strange hypnosis he underwent with them hypno-demons back when
he visited that flying saucer on that Air Force base in 57 with Eisenhower.
Yeah, he was a senator that was there that day.
He was supposedly standing there watching the whole damn thing.
Well, if you ask me, those aliens just hypnotized him, took him both aboard the spaceship there
and, of course, erased part of the mine and then put it back and then made them forget
that they could ever remember it.
Which just, you know, makes the whole subconscious drive to do the insane thing even stronger.
I love those aliens.
You gotta love those aliens.
Anyway, I mean, you gotta admire them, let's say.
Maybe you can't exactly embrace them with what we call love.
You know, sort of.
I can't go into that right now.
But anyway, so, at any rate, so what I'm just saying there is, you know, it's entirely possible.
But please, I don't want any lawsuits.
You know, there's just a theory I'm proposing.
I'm just talking.
Please.
We're on the eve of destruction.
My blood's on the line.
There's no way to wait.
I'm sitting here just trying to thank you.
You can't put the pieces on the line.
You're waiting.
And I have to wait.
I'm waiting.
Are you done?
See?
I can't do those things over and over and over again, my friend.
I will trust in you.
You're all I need.
Don't distract me.
I'm a fool.
I'm a fool.

I'm a fool.
I'm a fool.
I'm a fool.
I'm a fool.
I'm a fool.
I'm a fool.



Cross the surface of the skin for the nearest opening.
How many openings does the body have?
Whichever one it's closest to.
The tattoo slowly enters the opening and disappears inside the body and there moving through the
endothelium.
It makes its way God knows where.
One tattoo might get trapped in the musculature behind the knee or the right knee.
Gentle massage would break it.
Make it loose.
But then a strange change takes place in the tattoo.
And as it reappears through whatever opening, you can see that it's changed.
It's been digested somehow from its two-dimensional purple-red reality into some otherworldly hologram.
Tattoo holograms.
And there it dances across the...
The body of the tattoo subject.
Beautiful.
There'll be one thing I'd like to see done.
Oh, I hope we do it.
Or how about the musical that I've never gotten around to called Mmm.
Starring the Siamese twins connected by the lips.
The lips?
All sorts of things we never do.
Crumple.
I was going to write a book called Crumple once.
All the pages would be crumpled.
You'd reach in.
Take out a book.
Crumple.
Read it.
Crumple it up.
Put it back in.
Reach in.
Take out another.
Short stories.
With each page numbered.
If you took them out, one, two, three, four, five, and the odds against that are pretty great.
True.
You'd wind up with the actual true meaning that was meant by the author.
But the difficulty there is to find someone who can crumple all those pages.
What if it were a bestseller?
Think of the problems we'd have.
Of course, there's one other thing that I wanted to do, and that is find a plastic surgeon who could change pets to look like their owners.
What about the other way around?
Yes, we should resolve to do all these inappropriate things.
Like what way?
Like, um, well, let's see.
Like the, uh, levity.
The one that I knew who was a marvelous levitator.
Gave lessons in levitating.
Let's do it.
Tried to teach me.
But, uh, I never could get off the ground that way.
He wanted to be a singer, though.
He wanted to sing in a nightclub.
And he was a horrible monotone.
Really couldn't carry a tune.
He would sing,
My,
Funny Valentine,
Sweet,
You know, it was awful.
But he was good at levitating, and
as the devout catalyst,
I got him into this nightclub.
The happy medium.
Marvelous.
He didn't sing well, but he levitated beautifully and had this
girl with sequins and
very large girl.
Showbiz type girl.
With a hula hoop with
sparkles on it.
And she'd,
as he levitated singing My Funny Valentine,
she'd run the hula hoop so you could see that there was no trick to it.
Nice touch.
You know,
let's get together.
We are together.
In the pub.
And we're here.
Sometime.
And write down all these things.
You know, make a scenario.
Then we'll go to Hollywood.
I've recorded the whole thing.
I don't know.
Maybe they wouldn't think it was commercial enough.
Let's do it in Des Moines.
We can make the resolution anyway.
Oh, okay.
We'll do it in Des Moines.
Yes, dear friends.
We're together in the bub.
That was Ken Nordean, a tape called Triple Talk.
And you know, some of y'all may have heard his stuff now and then.
It's hard.
You can only buy these from Ken Nordean.
Yes, dear friends.
And this is Sister Chris speaking to the lost and the faithful alike.
The damned and the blessed under Bob in New Jersey.
On another station.
Sister Chris here with you to tell you that in the past weeks,
I've delivered bits of rants and such things as slack, time control,
and other aspects of the subgenius church.
And time has come for Sister Chris to relate to you my personal testimony
to the salvation in slack that was released to slash by me
through the all-encrusting power of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Shameful though it may sound,
it was a long period in my life when I had tripped and fallen off the luck plane of slack
and knocked my head ad nauseum on the railing of the conspiracy stairway to doom.
And the rut at the bottom of the stairwell was deeper than the valleys of Jane Manson's.
And the rut at the bottom of the stairwell was deeper than the valleys of Jane Manson's.
Food had no taste.
My vision was constantly blurry.
And television terrorized my time like a vampire sucking my imagination dry.
Life seemed drab and pointless.
At best, droning irritation.
I sought help in the blind alleys of nightclubs and other vices,
but they only seemed to aggravate the situation.
It was no fun.
Then I literally stumbled onto a group of enlightened ones.
Ones who were filled with the power and the glory of Bob.
Words like slack, Bob, and WFMU in free form
hung in the air like sweet-smelling pipe tobacco.
At last, the burning irradiated light of slack began to sear my brain pan.
I began to forget to be anxious among the pink boys and girls.
I explored the remnants of my subgenius heritage and ethics,
and they were long forgotten during the amnesia of the zombie years.
I can't describe to you the pain I felt.





I can't describe to you the step-by-step dismantling of all that conspiracy programming.
Because events didn't happen in a singular, linear fashion.
The closest comparison would be to taking a shower in truth and slack under a pulsating nozzle.
I still had problems and vices, but it was a lot more fun.
My third eye had the clarity of the telescope at Mount Palomar.
I relaxed in the safety of different illusions every day.
The bottom line comes down to having fun.
Yeah, Bob's human shell may be dead, and some people are depressed about that,
some subgenius and latent subgeniuses.
But his almighty power lives on through the gifted and the possessed.
And it's off to the moon that I should found a boy Inecessarily fed to me.
I set the antenna for the gullet

when hosts come to take the
and those who live in
ou
We're going to move down here.
I don't even know what's on this one, friends.
Oh, it hurts, though.
Better turn your volumes down.
And those of you who are trying to listen in mono...
Boy, friends, those shows are banging into each other over there on this left channel.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
We intervene when crises threaten the stabilities and well-beings of our heartlands.
Now, let's party!
Seeing someone sleeve job a 14 1⁄2-inch John Holmes Wang Dinger special is offensive
if nobody's sleeving yours or you're not sleeving anybody's.
You know, that's the whole problem.
When you give something up, you expect everybody else to give it up.
Too.
And I think that's worse than if you take something up new,
you should expect everybody else to.
Because, obviously, a lot of other people are already doing something
because they want to or think they want to or they like to
or they like to think they want to
or they want to think they like to
just because they want to swear and smoke and drink
and, in your opinion, go to hell.
That's their business.
Not yours.
The only business that's yours is yours.
And if it's yours and it offends you,
you better pull it out and look at it closely
and find out why it offends you.
Because I tell you, it offends you mostly because
it reminds you that you're missing out on something.
And that's why sometimes when we say things in the church of the subgenius,
we offend people because it reminds them that they're in the grip of the,
because it reminds them they lead dreary, empty, stilted,
hungry lives of desperation and quietness.
They don't like the way we talk
because it reminds them that they've got sexual organs
and if they could just make an effort, they could use them.
They don't like the way we talk because we remind them that we're all animals
and daily must fulfill our biological functions.
And as they are something of which God Almighty or whoever brought us here,
gave us, we have no control over them.
Therefore, they've been told,
oh, that's nasty, put it in that little clean white bowl,
that symbol of purity.
Why do you have to flush away pure water
with nothing but biological salts dissolved in it
with five and a half gallons of fresh water
that somebody could be cooking dinner and drinking.
And our friends, it's because some people don't like to be reminded.
They pretend that if they don't talk about it
and don't think about it, then they can forget about it.
And if they're not reminded that they have to squat down
like every other monkey on this planet every day,
if things are working right,
then maybe they think they aren't.
Right?





They're the monkeys that's on this planet.
But the big, smart, dumb monkeys with too much s**t,
not enough time,
yeah, talking about you
and all you other signifying monkeys,
that's why people get offended.
That's why they don't like to hear us talk about peri-squid.
Oh, God, how disgusting
to use an aphorism of that disgusting nature.
But what they're missing is the point that we're saying is
that,
a prairie squid is just like any other wild animal.
It's a natural thing.
You can't cover up a prairie squid
because it'll come creeping out some.
And you stamp out the prairie squid and you stamp out life itself.
That's what we're saying.
We're saying that our biology is what we are
and there's nothing we can do about it but enjoy it.
That's why sometimes we offend people.
That's why the church will never,

never be something you'll see in prime time television
because they don't want you to be reminded of what you really are
because then you take a good look at yourself and realize,
the hell, what am I doing all this s**t, them for?
That's why they don't like for us to see these things.
That's why prairie squid,
poo dog, poo dog,
poo dog, poo dog, poo dog.
All those strange, strange cult references.
Ah, yes dear friends.
All those strange cult references.
That's why it's all so important.
And I'm sorry we couldn't get out of here
quite quick enough,
but dear friends, you can write for information from the Church of the Subgenius.
And you will get real information in the mail if you want to call it mail.
It's a p-bob at p-o-box,
1-8-1-4-1-7
Cleveland Heights, Ohio
44118
www.subgenius.com
www.subgenius.com
Praise Bob
and tune in next week
for one more breath
of that church air
that mighty church air
I've got to get out of here now
Thanks, Praise Bob
Yes, that was old friends
a rerun of Hour of Slack
number 42 from August 1986
First broadcast
on K&ON Dallas
featuring examples of subgenius shows
from WFMU, New Jersey
with Sister Chris
who is now married to R. Stevie Moore
from KPFA
Puzzling Evidence Show
before it was called that
and was really Mobius Rex's show
Rat Cave
Serious Abuse Show
from WBCE-FM
in Richmond, Virginia
The Subgenius Asylum of Anti-Pinkness
with Reverend Lepo Abernathy
and Reverend Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger
in Boston, Massachusetts
and some clips
from the classic film
Wise Blood
and that great rant
by Dr. G. Gordon Gordon
about sex, poop
and the conspiracy lie
The music in the background
is needless to say
the amino acids
A special thanks
to Li Li Jing
and J.R. Bob Dobbs
