Ah, yes. And the opinions expressed on the following program are not necessarily those of the station management, nor even of this show's personnel themselves.
What time is it, Tevis?
It's fall time. Time for the hour of slack.
Tevis, you know that you're not supposed to be watching the hour of slack because it's too weird for you.
Uh-uh.
Oh, yeah, I'll prove it. Right, Daddy.
Huh? What?
Right, she's not supposed to see the hour of slack.
Oh, Tevis is just as weird as the hour of slack, aren't you, Tev?
Yeah.
Hey.
Mr. Smith is out.
Mr. Smith is a good white man.
A good white man.
Mr. Smith is our friend and father.
Mr. Smith is our friend and father.
Mr. Smith.
Mr. Smith.
Use.
Use.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
I'm not an actor.
Just like them actors that you guys see that these movies come in.
They put words in their mouth.
Well, I'm one of you guys.
Oh, that pop is good.
It's impossible to do everything tonight, what I know in my head,
and the way I fool and play with people.
I may sound a little bit mad because I've gotten letters from people.
All I want is the representation of the people
and the reputation that I've earned.
Don't let nobody take advantage of us guys.
Be one step ahead of these mothers.
The people say, you know, Reverend Stang, you're preaching Bob,
you're going to go to hell.
Friends, hell is life on this planet right now.
Amen.
Without Bob.
And that's only the demons.
When the demons try to tell you that, you think they're kidding.
You think it's a satire.
Oh, you'll find out.
And we...
We welcome another caller to the extremely rare privilege of a conversation
here on the air with the one and only Reverend Ivan Stang.
Go.
Hello, my name is Jack Paul.
I'm from Bedford.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to comment about this guy, about the X-Men.
He's really stupid, you know.
Like, we're talking about outer space.
We've sent satellites out there, and there's no life that we know of out there.
And this Big Brother stuff about Bob Dobson, you're way out of line.
I'd just like to tell you that
I wish that you would, uh, kind of know what you're talking about
before you get on the air and make a fool out of yourself.
Oh, my God.
Friends, this person thinks that it's evil to be a fool.
All right, let's go for another.
It's your turn.
What can I say?
Steve.
Folks...
Well, soaks, that's what I said first of all, but...
I always thought that I would be able to make a great...
I can't even talk right.
A great comedy tape.
But JoJo and me and everything...
It's gone wrong and...
It hasn't been a very good comedy tape, I know.
You don't have to tell me.
But...
Well...
Um...
Uh...
Hmm...
Gee...
Hmm...
Uh...
Hmm...
Golly gee willikers, how many times did I say,
Um, um, and ee, and ee, and ee, and ee, and ee, and ee, and ee, and ee?
There's planned liberation right around the world,
and we'll die to do it.
We'll die to do it.
We'll die to do it.
We'll die to do it.
We'll die to do it.
We'll die to do it.
We'll die to do it.
Oh...
Hurt me.
Use me.
And use me again.
Ha ha ha.
Yeah, sure.
Get ready, folks.
This is gonna be a bloodthirsty one.
Because on this, the 216th hour of condensed slack,
we have some good news and some bad news to open up the year of...
18...
Or 8BX, I'm sorry, 8BX.
Eight years before X-Day.
Oh, and you can hear it coming right there.
The good news to start with is that our mighty station,
K-N-O-N, here in Dallas, Texas,
really is about to go to 55,000 watts.
Yes, it's true.
The lovely Ranger Rita told me yesterday they delivered the blueprints and...
the check to the man.
And that means the show will be charged up enough to plow five times as many acres of Dallas,
Arlington, etc. as it does now.
Of course, that means the show burns up more gas and money and DJs,
but it's well worth it, what with it being played at seven college stations around the country.
Also, on Thursday, we finished the 128-page...
church journal, The Stark Fist.
Yes, we really did.
While in San Francisco, the evil Palmer Vreedes finished the church comic book, Bob's Favorite Comics.
Now, on Friday, both of these went to the printer demons,
and aftershocks were felt up to 300 miles from the epicenter.
So, in two or three weeks, both of these latest testaments of the Bob
will be in the...
zombie volunteer mail-out phase.
And thirdly, on the third of this month, our third book,
Three Fisted Tales of Bob, featuring short stories about Bob from 30 authors and offers,
including my story, the third fist,
was actually printed, and I have...
one copy!
But they'll be in bookstores within the month, since they tell me 12,000 copies have already been bought by bookstores.
So now for the bad news.
We have to do...
the next issues.
When Palmer delivered Bob's Favorite Comics to rip-off press,
old Fred Todd said,
Okay, now for the second issue,
Paul dropped over dead.
And when I delivered the Stark Fist, I realized,
now we gotta start on the next one.
And starting Wednesday,
the Subgenius Art Show opens at Psychedelic Solution Gallery in New York City,
and will run for three months,
with all of our holy products,
on sale there the whole time.
Three months, that gives you all plenty of time to buy plane tickets for New York,
and attend this awesome show of the original paintings,
sculptures, and sacred relics of the church,
such as the thigh bone of St. Janer the Baptist,
a fragment of the true pipe of Bob,
the hair shirt of Pope David Meyer,
the used Kleenex of Papa Joe Mama,
and the deep-end bladder control pads of Dobbs himself,
as well as Connie's...
well, some things Connie Dobbs has worn or used.
Artwork to be sold at the show is by such martyrs as
Palmer Vredes, lies to you,
Hel Swamy, Satellite Weavers,
John Hagen Renner to me,
Robert Williams, Gilbert Shelton, Byron Werner,
Mark Mothersbaugh, Carol Lay, Hal Robbins,
Orton Nenslow, Ahmed Fishmonger, David Sugar,
Kenneth Huey, Brother Cleve Duncan, and Puzlin Evidence.
The centerpiece for the whole show is,
of course, the recently unearthed self-portrait
of J.R. Bob Dobbs by him himself, of course,
which I believe has a price tag of $60,000,
and I'm not kidding.
So perhaps there's hope yet for Bob's creaky old church,
hobbling into the 90s with its pants on backwards
and its underwear on its head.
Speaking of underwear on your head,
that's what I was doing last week on New Year's Eve.
We went to the Devo concert with someone else
and made poor Faithful Will babysit the show tape
so that we could hobnob with rich, famous stars.
And the Devos did a real good job
and played some new songs off their new album
that they'll have coming out soon.
Of course, the main reason I go to these things
is so that Dallas media moguls who hate the church
and try to ignore it will be forced to see me,
the treacherous Reverend Ivan Stang,
getting preferential treatment from these musicians
that won't even grant them an interview.
And so, dear friends, in our great smugness
and underground artsy-pantsy status,
we subgeni can take the bloating pride
and run with it, huffing and puffing
in our swollen, egomaniacal glee,
all the way to the bank, dear friends,
and beyond.
And those of you in Dallas
can call the show here at 823-7490.
And some of you will want to,
because we're going to be talking about
something really fun tonight,
animal liberation.
I don't consider myself a terrible man.
No more than others.
You know, what you were saying,
you guys really, you're on the right current, you know?
You're on the same current.
In fact, like I was telling Steve,
I was aboard again, Bob, for quite a while.
Oh, born again, Bob.
No, bored.
Oh, bored again.
I was bored again, yes.
In fact, that's what instituted my church,
was that I became so bored with things
that I had to start my own religion.
And that's what I did.
That is it.
You have obviously,
I don't need to tell you anything.
Yes, I've gone beyond subgenius now.
You have intuitive black awareness.
Right.
I've gotten an awareness.
And you know what Einstein said was,
and it clicks right in with what you're saying,
is imagination is more important than intelligence.
And Dobbs said it's more relative
than even Einstein ever dreamed.
Imagination?
All of it.
Yeah.
So, but yeah, I guess so.
Because people were taking,
people have been taking things too serious,
and that's caused so much trouble.
You know, it's even now,
when you do something so absurd,
like, you know, well, Steve knows.
Well, the fact that somebody,
the call we just got a few minutes ago from,
I mean,
every now and then,
they,
it's like,
there's some people out,
most people,
I think,
understand what we're really doing
with the Church of the Subgenius.
But there are some that listen,
and they take everything at face value.
And my, my, friends,
you've got to learn to read between the lines a bit.
I know.
This is modern day entertainment.
This isn't, you know, your,
this is a class talk show.
It is.
I'll tell you,
both of our organizations are involved in this absurdity.
And people are taking even pure absurdity.
We're giving out the pure stuff,
and they're trying,
they're trying to take that serious.
Oh, they try to call it art.
Oh, they'll try anything.
It's, it's an absurdity within an absurdity, actually.
They call it,
they think we're demon worshippers.
Hey, I was,
we don't worship demons.
We may have to make deals with them every now and then,
but we certainly don't worship them.
Right.
Huh.
Huh.
Before making any additional statements about my subject,
I'd like to make it clear that in any reference I make to the church on today's broadcast,
I'll be speaking in broad and certainly not specific terms.
That is, I will be referring primarily to the institutionalized church.
Everyone use it.
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na.
Now, to continue with the tape recording.
We're going to see death.
Are you ready?
What I'm talking to you about today is the most up-to-date thing that I could talk to you about.
We're only calling for the religious understanding.
So, housewives, take this tip from the growers of Idaho potatoes,
whose potatoes make delicious French fries.
Who's going to listen to that?
And when they do, how are they going to feel?
All right, caller, it's your turn.
Fire away.
How you doing, Steve?
I'd just like to say, uh,
for the Church of the Subgenius, I think, uh,
they're very smart individuals, very good businessmen,
because I'm sure they're making a good dollar off this, or somebody is.
Well, you would think so.
Oh, I would think so.
I would also think you practice a hell of a lot of rhetoric, pal.
You know, because you talk in circles.
You don't really make any sense.
And we know you got to be making money.
And just unfortunately, there's enough naive people out there to keep you people employed,
which is really sick.
I actually know, but I don't, I don't, I think, I think you're, you're giving us credit for too much popularity.
Uh, the, the, I actually, the written material of Bob and all of this, the, our, I do a weekly radio show here in Dallas.
And we've, it's really, really dense.
We are not trying to sell this to just anybody and everybody.
It's very definitely a small market.
Oh, that's all you need is a small market.
It's a lot of fun.
And, uh, you know, you, you, you, I understand what you're saying.
But if you have a, a gripe about somebody trying to make a buck off of selling baloney as, as truth, that's, I don't think that we've ever, you know, we have to, we deeply, if somebody joins our church and we find out that they believe the wrong lies and the wrong, the wrong, uh, you know,
Oh, God.
the wrong lies and the wrong,
Give me an example.
of genius.
We didn't program our own zombies.
Give me an example.
We don't want those kind of people.
See, you're talking rhetoric again.
I mean,
Our caller wants an example of what would be the wrong lie.
You know, you gotta, you gotta get some concrete facts.
Okay.
I mean, you know,
You're forcing me to step almost out of character.
Oh, no, I'm not.
Not in the least.
Come on.
But,
You're a good talker.
I mean, I mean, you're very good.
You're very good around, uh, begging questions and that.
I think that, um,
The, uh,
How come you got so much money?
Okay, what's an example of believing the wrong lies?
Well, you know, the big conflict, the dramatic interest in the Church of the Subgenius is us versus them.
The abnormals versus the normals.
The abnormals who don't really even get along with each other that much because they're such eccentrics.
You know, the only thing they have in common is that they don't have anything in common with the normals.
And, I mean, boy, we get hate-filled and, you know, the Bible thumping and hellfire spitting about the normals.
But the last thing that Bob Dobbs says in the book of the subgenius is there are no normals, and it's all a question of degree.
And that's where, that's one of those.
Places where Bob will go, he will trick you into thinking that he's making a big joke.
And then just at the last minute you go, well, I guess that's a sort of a lesson.
Well, you still don't make any sense.
You still practice some more rhetoric, which I congratulate you because you really didn't answer my question.
You know, you got to, I think sometimes you got to understand that there are people there with some intelligence.
And probably more than subgenius people.
And that's why I don't pay to get your message.
I don't pay to get your message.
I don't pay to get your message.



Because I think it's a bunch of garbage.
Oh, I don't know price but garbage.
Well, you have a hell of an advertising scheme.
I mean, you got these guys who are in college who get these things because it's a novel idea.
They tape them on walls all over the place.
And people drive around and think, what the hell is this guy who looks like Ozzie and Harriet on our telephone pole.
And then we start getting spray paint.
And, you know, you got little stencils of Bob Dobbs, which it sounds like a character like Bartles and James.
I really don't think he exists, to tell you the truth.
I think he's a big advertiser.
He's a big advertising ploy.
Well, many, many doubt the existence of Bob.
You've never seen him.
I don't know how the hell you can think that he's around.
Oh, if you just, hey, look through any House and Gardens magazine from the 1950s and 60s.
Every third ad has a picture of that guy with the pipe.
But you said you've never seen him.
Hey, Nancy, when you got in radio, you never expected to hear stuff like this, did you?
It's too important to deal with the likes of you or even me.
Then why do you?
We want you to get reasonable amount of Israelite al 양on.
Don't you?
I see you have the right kind of aberration and a danger question, but how dare you talk like that?
Even though we've got a great guy standing there with him sitting out.

This guy has a military uniform and, Libra.
No, I'm not talking about that.
There's not one, not even two Ethereum.
That's just a
picture of craft in front of somebody else's group.
Ah ha.
canisters. And those will be an important trading commodity with the Ys as opposed to
the Xs. And you call this absurdity. You call this a joke.
No, I think you guys are pretty smart. You're making money. Come on. But I just think it's
awful that there are people out there who are actually going to support you.
To call a subgenius smart is almost an insult coming from...
Well, to close this up, anyway, because I'm sure there's other callers out there dying
for me to get off the line, I think you're also probably mad because our Cleveland Browns
are in the playoffs, and Dallas didn't go anywhere this year. And I think Winters Town
Landry is going to trade in the car, you know?
Good night, Steve. Good night, Ivan. It was very nice talking to you. Bye-bye.
Good night.
I know I'm stupid and just comedy type isn't very good, but I hope you can...
I think you're stupid.
I wish you were a genius that feel like only a subgenius.
And then we'll be back with a few more moments with the Reverend Ivan Stang. He is, I guess
I incorrectly said earlier, co-founder. That's not true. Bob is the one and only high E-popped
and founder of the Church of the Subgenius, but the guy, Ivan, is the designated...
I do a lot of the dirty work, and I command the armies of...
Oh.
...zombies, and, uh...
Yeah, and I cut the checks, and I endorse the checks.
...too lazy and too warped to do anything meaningful with your life...
Yeah, well...
...and prey upon the sexual fantasies of others.
Sorry. Not much we can do but, you know...
Well, dear friends, I... Gosh, I can't start into my terrible, evil animal liberation rant until 9.30,
because I don't want to have to...
...flip tapes in the middle of it, see? And neither do you.
Uh, so I'm just gonna go to Reverend Gangly's, uh, subgenius mix here from...
Well, actually, it's mostly tapes we cut, but he put neat music with them.
...from Tennessee. This is from some Tennessee station.
What we were just hearing was, uh, from Steve Church's talk show in Cleveland from 1986.
Somebody just finally sent me a copy...
Ouch! Ow! Ow! Ow! Oh, quit it! Will!
Darn it!
I have a solution.
Chaz, drink your way to happiness.
The Roy Rogers Museum, where Ed Vaughn will prove the trigger has moved again.
Ahhh!

Listen to the music and all that stuff grown from childhood causes.
Enjoy
Dear friends, I'm Oh, no.
I'm a man, you can talk aloug' around all you want, and I think that's right about that,
on the low minimum.
Hey, can you hang around on a hill?
We're going to take you into that service right now.
We're going to take you out into that service right now.
We are here in our own discussion.
A Christian, we bring the message to us.
Hundreds of New Yorkers at a religious revival chanting the name of a modern-day prophet.
Bob.
Bob's teachings are the foundation of a church that does little more than parody cults and American consumerism.
It's called the Church of the Subgenius.
Tom Vitale has this report.
You will pay to know what you really think.
But if you give us money, we will tell you what to think.
Not only have you paid to know what you really think, but you will get value for your time.
You will get value for your time.
Americans will buy anything, and they're getting sold short.
That's the message of the Church of the Subgenius, delivered by the Pope of all New York, David Meyer, at a recent revival.
Meyer also instructed the enthusiastic crowd in how to get slack, how to get right with Bob, and how to pull the wool over your own eyes.
For they shall see God.
It's still true.
God still speaks.
God speaks in special ways to each of us today.
M values toward you-
Good.
So, a subgenius...
Oh!
The Great Port viens to save you.
side of crippled you and a rich
and prolific. Here in the church
of the sub-Jesus we say
pass on those crutches
and crawl
and cry. You can
crawl again. You can crawl again
children.
I'm a Bible
reader yelling at the
Bible.
I'm a Bible reader.
I'm a Bible reader.
I'm a Bible reader.
I'm a Bible reader.
I'm a Bible reader.
I'm a Bible reader.
I'm a Bible reader.
I'm a Bible reader.
I'm a Bible reader.
I'm a Bible reader.
Well,
now for the rant
part of the show.
Now friends, something
that's suddenly begun
getting a lot of attention in the news is the animal rights movement. The last time we
broached this subject, the phone lines lit up because, well, real serious animal rights nuts
get very touchy if you don't grant proper respect to our four-footed brothers. And even our six and
eight and pseudo-footed brothers. Me, well, I eat them. I even eat the pseudopods. Well,
except for prairie squids. I have many, many cans of oysters, snails, octopus, cuttlefish,
and eels in my pantry that my dear ma gave me for ex-sistmas. Thanks, ma. Mammy. But really,
if I'm going to have a fellow animal killed and burned and then eat it, well, I kind of feel like,
you know, the, the,
the consciousness, the better. Now, I've even tried dog once up in South Dakota,
um, at an actual Indian sacred Uweepi ceremony. But, uh, but I draw the line at primates. I
wouldn't eat a primate. Except maybe vegetarian humans. I'd probably eat them. Now, they're
certainly more organically grown than, say, I am. And a plain subgenius, I mean, just any old
subgenius, like Will here, geez, he'd be poisoned by the chemical leftovers in
his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his,
his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his, his fundamentalі
cuestions to this一下 industrial diet? And the sort of like revenge of the cannibal victim.
But, uh, seriously, friends, I cbox, think that conspiracy glorp humans that deliberately
inflict unnecessary torture on, say, lab animals should have done unto themassembly
what they've been doing unto others. Hunting, just for sheer sport or trophies, is sickening,
sickening to me. I mean, taking good pictures of animals takes more skill than killing them,
but there's nothing wrong with hunting if you eat the game. Now, I think that people who buy
ivory or whale blubber or whooping crane coughs or in any way contribute directly to the extinction
of any species, even the snail darter and especially the lonely prairie squid. Well,
and Bob Dobbs will take care of that, don't you fear, on that X day eight years away.
Are you ready, friend? Anyway, well, I think that's sort of the moderate position on
animal rights. Now, unfortunately, the moderate side of the question is sort of all but drowned
out by the shrill bleatings and oinkings and mooings of the animal rights
extinction.
The extremists, the people who say we should stop killing cows and chickens. I've even heard
them really go so far as to say, some go so far as to say that we shouldn't use vaccines because
they kill poor little smallpox viruses and that we should let smallpox and bubonic plague and so on
run free. And people who bomb laboratories and say there should be no experimentation on animal
rights at all and no leather shoes, no nothing. People who protest are President George Bush
when he goes quail hunting. I mean, that one really gets me. Who among you wouldn't rather
see quail killed than Bush? Now, admittedly, these are the extremists that we're talking
about, but frankly, I think that deep down those people don't really care one whit for
animals. They certainly don't understand nature. They're actually being pretty selfish because
what they're getting off on really is the happy feeling they get from crusading, the gloating pride
they get from feeling grossly superior to the rest of us barbarians. Just like fundamentalist
religious nuts, same symptoms. Can't see the forest for the trees. Don't realize that the forest is
chock full of carnivorous wild animals just waiting to bite their fool heads off. And animal
rights fanaticism is really a problem.
And a real appealing cause for people to pat themselves on the back for because it's so
simple. Don't be mean to the poor wittle animals. Now, I can understand being a vegetarian for
health reasons. Fine. Would somebody clean up after that taper? I've bordered on vegetarianism
myself at times, but to tell other people they shouldn't eat cows because of the cow's
feelings? Get real!
Sure, the cow gets scared just before he gets his head knocked in. Too bad! If that
cow had grown up in nature, even if he was the mighty auroch of the past and not the
little nearly brainless slugs that we raise today on farms, if he was even lucky enough
to live to adulthood, it'd be a life of struggle, disease, freezing, starvation sometimes as
compared to the sweet, sweet life of the cattle raised by, say, my wife and I.
And the cows have the life of Riley. They have slack up until they get sold to market.
And really, in that respect, they're exactly like normals and pink boys, dupes of the conspiracy.
They get pampered and fattened up just like a junior ad executive. And when the big day
comes, they go willingly just like all those pinks will come X day when the men from Planet
X escort them to the slaughterhouse of false slack.
But the point is, death is a part of nature. Kill or be killed is the rule, and only we
humans enjoy the luxury of even considering alternatives. Did you know, and this is a
fact, that most of the time, by far the average mammal in the wild is killed by another animal,
not a human, instead of dying of disease or old age? The only ones that don't as commonly
get killed are the carnivores, like wolves and lions and weasels and people.
And don't you think for a minute that if a dumb beef cow happened to get angry at you
that it would hesitate to trample you to death? It'd be happy to turn you into a human burger
with its deadly cloven hooves. So the animal liberationists need to get all their eggs
in one basket if you ask me, and then fry them, and I'll eat them. If they're going
to sabotage slaughterhouses and spit on unsuspecting little old rich ladies that wear fur, then
what are they going to do? They'll kill them. They'll kill them. And then they'll kill them.
Why don't they show some real gumption and picket Tom Thumb, Piggly Wiggly, Safeway Gayfway,
Joe's Diner, Fred's Cafe, every McDonald's in the country?
Why don't they beat up the old guys that fish down at the river?
Why don't they burn down family farms?
And for that matter, and this is really where their logic takes them, if killing animals
is wrong, then why are they letting lions and tigers and bears get away with it?
Why aren't they standing guard over every weasel to keep them from eating mice?
And how are they going to keep the mice from eating bugs?
And wouldn't that be infringing on the rights of mice and weasels?
And even the bugs' right to die?
And they think keeping pets is slavery.
I don't know, but the only work my dog has to do is bark at and attack strangers.
And being a dog, why there's nothing in the world he'd rather do.
Would he be happier running loose in the wild, covered with ticks, eaten up with heartworm,
dying from festering wounds received in a dog fight over a female?
Would he feel more free in his soul if he wasn't a lowly house dog?
Well maybe he would.
It's certainly true that he's been brainwashed into loving me with all his heart and using
the backyard for a bathroom instead of the rug.
Poor guy.
Look.
Animals are resources.
And don't kid yourself, so are you.
In fact, I like to think that Jehovah One seeded the planet with both humans and animals
strictly for the benefit of subgeniuses.
Certainly we have the responsibility of keeping the ecosystem intact and keeping all the species
healthy.
No doubt about that.
And there are a million disgusting abuses of animals.
That need to be removed.
That's right.
And that's why we're all so frustrated.
But when people make the whole concept of animal rights look like silly blathering by
pimpered, pampered, pinko, urban intellectuals and teary-eyed, bleeding-hearted, shrill, hippie
grannies, they set the whole movement back because they create a quite understandable
backlash among the real dopes out there.
The majority.
Cough.
Of pinks and po-buckers who likewise see every issue in black and white and are also unable
to carry out more complex thought processes.
Now there was a real good ar- what?
Is that a prairie squid crawling out from under the control panel?
Oh man.
I don't know what I'm going to be doing for the rest of the night.
I've got to get through this quick.
There was a really good article in the paper this morning that pointed out that far more
animals are killed by poachers than by animals.

In fact, it's the sport hunters, the guys who go out and shoot a deer and then take
him home and put him in the freezer.
Or shoot quail and eat him.
It's those kind of hunters who really foot the bill for a lot of the conservation in
this country.
From all the licenses and taxes they have to pay and so forth.
If animal lovers really wanted to be constructive, they'd put their efforts into raising more
money for conserving wild habitats.
They ought to be targeting not the meat industry.



But the embassies of countries that don't clamp down on poaching.
Because there's a lot of them that really that's where their bread and butter comes
from.
But above all, they should stop making everybody else who cares about wildlife look like fools.
I don't know friends.
But just to rub it in, here's a tape of the first animal rights rant we played on Hour
of Slack some years ago.
It got everybody so mad.
It got everybody so riled up.
And oh yes, as Bob said in 1953, I'll have my monkey brains well done.
Oh, listen to those once again, the swinging love corpses, dear friend.
You know, all last week I was hearing ads on the radio for this Lena Lovitch concert.
She was a great singer.


She was a great singer.
So, I'm just gonna do a benefit for the animal liberation movement.
The people for the ethical treatment of animals.
Well, that's just great.
She and Nina Hagen, praise Nina, damn Nina, got together and they're, they're, I don't
know if you've ever seen any of the literature that comes from the animal liberation groups.
But, it's, it's hate literature.
They hate people, basically.
And now I'm just speaking for myself.
Not for the rest of the people.



radio station. Not necessarily for other subgeni. I can't pretend to speak for them, but for
myself I say, death to the animals. Death! Death to them! Because I eat them. And I will
always eat them. And millions of us will eat them, the little animals. Because they're
replaceable. Easily replaceable. Because they fornicate and make more little animals. And
they are filled with blood. Rich red blood. Blood which gives us the strength and the
power. Which the vegetarians have not. And not only the strength and the power, for even
they can gain strength and power from eating their little plants. Their helpless vegetables.
I mean, at least they can eat them.
At least the animals can fight back, dear friends. At least the animals can scream in pain and agony
as we track them down and kill them. Or else as we throw them in cages and kill them. Either one,
doesn't matter. Because they're just animals. Souls? Oh, of course they have souls. And all
the better to make them feel pain with. We free those souls, dear friends, from their mortal coils.
That they may go up to their cow heaven or their pig heaven or whatever. Where there
are no humans to destroy them and eat them...
Friends, one thing which the vegetarians can never glean from their sad, limited diet is
the aggression. The hormonal hate power. Which is why the carnivores will always exist and
always win any battles with the vegetarians. Just... Just as if they were my friends. Talen's

the alcoholics have historically always won against the froth heads and for the same reasons
and it's a damn good thing that I eat a hamburger a minute because I'm not an alcoholic and
that's not as feisty as they are so I need the meat and the death of the animals and
death death by torture to those who are supporters of animal liberation groups did you know friends
that there have been people killed in laboratories sabotage by these fanatical anti-vivisectionist
of course these beasts must be vivisected dissected alive how else can we know what
exact level of pain on the painometer must be reached before they die of fright this
is an important consideration in modern science so dear friends
don't just
eat that animal eat the hell out of it with hot sauce you'll need to because the ones
that are vegetarians now will be the first to turn to cannibalism once the econo cataclysm
really sinks in the environment's destroyed and then where will their ideals be they'll
feel like we deserve to be eaten though they sacrificed all those years not eating animals
the world's been destroyed there's no vegetables
left nothing will grow for 500 years and they'll feel that it's our turn oh they'll
quickly turn to dining upon some succulent long pig faster than anybody mark my words
dear friends mark them and heed
everybody welcome yes yes B específico









Lovely, lovely Swinging Love Corpses there in the background.
And in fact, this is just the time to play the Swinging Love Corpses jazz talking tune,
Our Four-Footed Brothers.
There's Dr. Philo Drummond as lead singer here.
And you can call to hate us at 823-7490 in Dallas, Texas,
but only from 9 to 10 on Sunday nights.
Thank you.
And the baby's here.
And all the animals.
Oh, can you feel the section?
All our animal brothers.
That sacrifices lives every day.
In the name of.
Manic of.
I'm Falling For The Brothers.
They're giving their lives.
Every day.
Every day.
Every day.
Every day.
Every day.




Every time I'm open.
Rubbing in tubes.
Putting those doors on their sides.
All kind of experiments.
And they do it in the name of medical science.
You're more for the trouble
I'm giving it live
I'm gonna go back
My body
And I'm gonna die
We could have
a quick
And I'd never
do
My eyes
and kidneys
So remember
The very next time
You eat some turkey
You drink some wine
There's some friendly
four-footed furry animal
that gave his life
To find out whether or not
you die
when you
eat some turkey
Or drink that stuff
Or drink that stuff
Or smoke that stuff
Or whatever else
you had to do
Your four-footed brothers
Are laying down their lives
For you every day
For you every day
For you every day
Subject to vivisection
Subject to vivisection
Subject to vivisection
Subject to vivisection
Subject to vivisection
Our four-footed brothers
Are subject to vivisection
In the name of medical science
For you, my friend
For you, my friend
For your life
For the lives of your
fellow man
Your four-footed brothers
Are laying down their lives
In the name of medical science
For you, my friend
For you, my friend
For your own lives

Standing right here
In the name of the Most Gracious

And I do appreciate

The verb
The verb is subject
Subject to vivisection
Oh, a lovely, lovely swinging love corpses tune.
Oh, they're sweeping the nation.
And friends, you can too.
Oh, that was a close one.
A real close one.
And I just got my wrist slapped for doing those bad, bad things.
Of course, he was talking about a dog.
And so it doesn't matter.
And it didn't get out.
Well, so we're okay.
Friends, you can sweep the universe with Bob's hairdo.
If you would like to write for free information,
those of you who've been going,
who are these people?
How do I kill them?
Well, you can.
By writing for free information from,
got that pencil ready?
Bob.
I'm not Bob.
I'm Reverend Stank.
Bob is only,
he is he who we serve.
He who needs no name but has one anyway.
Write to Bob at P.O. Box 140306
in Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again, Box 140306.
In Dallas, Texas 75214.
There's a lot more than this radio show out there for you,
but we can't get too specific.
So I'm going to,
we got new show following Hour of Slack now.
In Dallas, Kathy's Potluck.
So stay tuned.
It'll be nice.
But for now, we're going to go back to whatever,
as much as I can fit into the last five minutes
from Evil Hour of Slack number 80.
Many years ago,
when we first broached the subject
and got in so much trouble.
Thank you.
How do they know we're here?
Oh, so, uh, you know.
You just think.
I think we're just going to have to do the same thing over and over again.






That was no sleep.
I met the junk man in his scattered yard.
There in a twilight of talk,
my ears stared at the wag of his broken jaw
as he ranted over the rule of ruin.
And within my rusting headpiece here.
Oh, let's not.
I don't want to hear it.
I don't want to hear this.
I want to get down to the gross stuff.
That was too poetic.
That was Ken Nordean.
It's probably wonderful, but no, he's still on there.
We've got to get to just a, this is a tricky one.
So I have to.
Oh, shut up.
Oh, I'm sorry.
We just are so unprofessional around here.
There we go.
Good old, old, good old Ken Nordean.
In the mammal world, dear friends,
in the mammal world, the predators were traditionally carnivores.
Specialized meat-eating animals with teeth modified for stabbing,
killing, and tearing flesh.
Their legs were designed for leaping and producing a turn of speed
that could quickly bring their chosen prey within.
Killing.
Killing.
Distance.
They reached their acme just before the age of man,
but have since decreased in importance and are now almost extinct
except for a number of aberrant forms found in the coniferous forests
of the far north and in the South American island continent.
Which we'll tell you about as soon as I can.
See, I told you this was tricky.
I've got to flip this one around.
See, otherwise it'll duplicate everything.
Okay, now, come on, get the leader down.
Kill the leader.
Kill the leader.
We've only got two minutes left in show.
When the carnivores were at their peak,
the rodents, particularly the rats,
began to acquire a taste for meat and animal waste.
The spread of man to all parts of the world encouraged their proliferation,
and after man's demise,
they continued to flourish in the refuse created by the disruption
and decay of human species.
The carnivores were the first to be born in the world of civilization.
It is this adaptability that has ensured their survival.
The gnawing incisors developed long stabbing points
and were equipped with blades that could cut and grip into their prey.
The other main predator is the raboon.
A descendant from the baboons that flourished on the grasslands
during the age of man,
their diet changed from omnivorous to carnivorous
during the period that the big cats of the grasslands died out.
At the same time, they increased their speed
by taking to their hind limbs
and adopting a totally bipedal locomotion.
The forelimbs became reduced
and the head was carried further forward,
balanced by a thick, heavy tail.
In physical form, the raboon bears a distinct,
long-tailed, and a very large,
long-tailed, and a very large,
resemblance to the carnivorous dinosaurs
that died out over a hundred million years ago.
The raboon stands about 2.3 meters high at the tip,
at the hip, pardon me,
and lives purely as a scavenger.
As predators, they eat only the softer tissues
and the muscles of, for instance,
the gigantilope's belly,
or the anal regions,
where there is always plenty of meat left for the scavengers.
The giant raboon,
concentrates on the meat of the limbs and neck,
leaving the rest to smaller,
less powerful carrion feeders,
such as the primitive pink boys.
A less energetic tree dweller,
the slobber,
or rheostostium corpitellium,
can be thought of as a kind of marsupial sloth
that spends nearly all its life
hanging upside down from trees and creepers.
It's totally different from the rest of the tree dweller,
and subsists entirely on insects
that it catches in the flowers of its home creeper
by entangling them in long strands of mucus
dangled from its mouth.
Its large, downturned ears and sensory whiskers
alert it to the insect's arrival
and tell it when to drop the mucus,
which it aims at the flower's scent.
As the slobber's hair grows and spiral tufts
and is pervaded by a parasitic algae,
it is completely unnoticed,

completely camouflaged against the background of creepers,
and when totally motionless,
can escape the attention of predators.
These readings, dear friends, are from
Life After Man,
a Zoology of the Future,
a true document.
And now it's time for Kathy's Potluck
here at KNON,
the mighty non for the 90s,
KNON 89.3 FM,
Dallas, Fort Worth,
and someday soon,
walks ahead.
Kathy, the voice of the folks.
He's coming around, folks.
He's gonna be okay and ready to play
Symptom 6 of Beat the Reaper!
