Ladies and gentlemen, education holds America's future, perhaps your future.
The subgenius power of smoke.
Work, work.
First to give you premium quality.
A felony.
And first to give you scientific facts in support of smoking.
A felony.
Do it today.
From PR News in Washington, I'm deported immediately with German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Meanwhile, leaders from European Union countries are meeting in Texas along the Mexican border.
Free our children.
Meanwhile, the government doubled in size overnight and now covers at least 1,500 acres around the country.
Meanwhile, Trump tweeted.
Free our children.
A growing number of right-wing EU governments.
Are demanding no PR news.
Last month, several activists were arrested and accused of undermining PR news.
They're also demanding PR news in Washington.
A man with a third eye and glasses meets a cyclops with glasses.
Near-sighted perception meets thought.
Firesighted aggression.
The cyclops is six times taller than the man and fat from eating all the men before him.
With each huge swing, the cyclops misses.
Like trying to swat a gnat, the air darting the target just out of reach and back again and again.
The man, too busy artfully dodging, is unable to access the third eye and too weak to throw anything heavy or damaging enough to defeat the overgrown, bloated ogre.
The giant adjusts his glasses and tries to focus on his elusive adversary.
Always in motion.
The man pushes the glasses up his nose and pauses.
Just long enough for the boot to descend upon him.
The cyclops shoes, newly purchased and not yet broken in, still had plenty of tread.
The man easily and luckily fit between the treads.
Unfortunately, the custom Christian Dior glasses did not survive.
Now with blurred distance vision, the man searches for options.
The cyclops sits with him.
The man is a quaking thud and examines his shoe for human goo.
From the cornfield that he's scurried to, the man begins sharpening a long wooden stick.
The cyclops, finding no mush for snacking, licks his lips and hears scraping.
Smells deadly.
The man is a little bit of a beginner.
He wipes mist from his glasses.
The hunt is on.
The giant heads towards the cornfield, the source of the sound.
Nostrils flaring an alert as he sniffs and searches for his prey.
The man carves faster, frantically, as confrontation draws ever near.
Suddenly, a careless crashing through the cornfield is heard, accompanied by mis-length.
Another human male, blond and bronze, is seen.





It makes presence of science which, on the contrary, is not evergy.
A man, a natural Hungarian, SUV tale reads the following story.
It raises his eyes for an those that will Professor
Cur needed to be drunk .
The results are very snakes-ish, on ice again.

C NATO tranquility
The stranger reminds the giant to keep his voice down, as being so large, the cycle




can be quite ear-shattering for the lesser beings. They continue conversing
and reminiscing about lost weekends, lovers, farming, business, bozos, and
limetix disease. Then they both notice the annoying sound of scraping and turn
to look. The man, completely mesmerized by what he was witnessing, had continued
whittling his stick until it is no longer than the knife he was carving
with. The stranger shakes his head, turns back to side-clops, and queries where
this man fits into the story.
It is revealed that the dispute is over land. The cyclops takes too much, and the man would
like some. Beyond the fact that man meat is mighty tasty, it turns out that the only other
thing the man has to offer is that he happens to be a master butcher.
The man is then taken to the brewer. A deal is struck. The cyclops, being a tinkerer,
fashions a seal-tight handle to attach to every keg the man makes, and drinks a giant
mug of beer every night. In return, the man was free to frolic in the bar, and the man

was given a
free drink.
After three consecutive batches of mediocre keg beer, the giant pulls the man aside.
The man is then taken to the brewer. A deal is struck. The cyclops, being a tinkerer, fashions a seal-tight handle to attach to every keg the man makes, and drinks a giant mug of beer every night.
After three consecutive batches of mediocre keg beer, the man is returned to the brewer.
Given the size difference, both were effectively able to use the same lenses.
Then the cyclops broke his glasses in half, as he only needed one and offered the other
half to the man who is eternally thankful, as he did not wish to die from a bogus batch
of beer.
Life continued well and good.
One day, the man was looking through the glass and saw a reflection.
A warped, graying old man was blinking back at him.
He was all of 43 yet looked 74.
He dove into his latest brew, the best batch yet,
and let the foam in the bubbles in the alcohol consume him.
The cyclops reached for his nightcap and,
in the bed, bath, and beyond, by to get one free candlelight,
he looked before he drank.
Like a human-sized dragon,
he drank with a gnat in it.
He poured it down, the carbonation tickling the roof of his mouth,
and licked his lips.
Protein, he said.
Oh, yes, dear friends, Cyclops vs. Man by Sheridan.
Friends, I got a couple of CDs from this thing, of all places,
Cleveland, calling itself Sheridan,
and I think we'll be hearing more of his or its short stories,
every single one of which has to obey certain odd and special rules.
They're all one famous character versus another matching famous character,
and one must be nearsighted and one must be farsighted.
He also has a CD of shorter bits, which we'll be gradually hearing.
You know, friends, doing this church and radio outreach introduces us to the most interesting people.
And thanks to Lemur for the titles and news and short upcoming upchucks.
This is our Slack number 1792, not a rerun,
although I found...
I found in my best of ESO collections some old swamp radio clips from WCSB Cleveland
with Lonesome Cowboy Dave and host Chaz Smith that I think remain most pertinent.
This particular upcoming clip from December 2002,
maybe, maybe, I'm not sure,
maybe recorded the night after the great Chaz Smith learned that he might be dying of AIDS.
Not that he told anyone about that ever.
He died five years later of a lot of complications.
It was on his death certificate.
So tragic because he wouldn't let anyone know.
I have reason to suspect, though, looking back,
that this was the week he got the diagnosis.
Okay.
Okay.
I don't know what happens now.
I don't know what anything is anymore.
Well, one thing is for sure.
The heretics of science have taken over the top berth.
Not the after birth.
Not the slow birth.
But the top berth.
I don't even know what that means.
Well, it means that guys like Milton Drumplay and Exocentrius Squink...
I don't know who they are.
Well, they fondled.
Let's say they fondled quantum mechanics.
Until it couldn't come anymore.
I don't even really know what that is.
What quantum medicine is?
Yeah.
Well, you used to always preach to me.
Now you don't remember?
Because I can't sure as hell remember.
No.
What is quantum physics?
It's that everything is discrete.
It has a bunch of these discrete particles all going their own way.
I don't believe any of it.
Held together by a soggy old man or something.
You don't believe in science anymore?
Oh, yeah.
Sure.
Oh, jeez.
You sound so blasé about it, though.
I mean, that's just something that people...
People come up with.
Stuff's already there anyway.
So whether it's true or not is irrelevant because it is.
Yeah, right.
It is.
It is what it is and it ain't what it ain't.
Well, you sound like a cultural hegemonist who believes that only your own ideas are...
What's the point?
Now you sound like a nihilist.
Like, what's the point of understanding it?
Now you sound like a transmutational geneticistic.
Oh, Christ, man.
You got all the diseases.
Oh, Chaz, you got the malaise.
There's no point.
There's no point to trying to understand anything.
Well, I can agree with you in a marginal way.
You know, like the same kind of thing that you use to cook your food in.
The same items you use to create information in your doorway or your computer and stuff.
The same things that make you up as molecules are drifting in and out of you right now and you don't want them to stay put.
You don't care.
They're going to do it.
If they want to do whatever, it doesn't matter what I want.
Yeah, molecules do have a mind of their own.
It's a miracle they even hang out together long enough for you to get a pair of eyebrows sometimes.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
The universe is billions and billions and billions of light years across.
Yeah, we're kind of small.
In fact, we're miniscule when you say it that way.
We're hardly...
We're there.
We're like a particle in a puff of smoke.
So, well, when we were playing in the Puffer Dome, don't you think like some massive godlike people were looking down from strange craft?
Do you think like...
Well, you said once that little super tiny, tiny little aliens were watching us.
That was the acid.
Oh, man.
Everything I built my life's beliefs on.
Oh, jeez.
Man.
I don't know.
Now I'm going to get the malaise.
It's a kind of a...
This is the only thing I know.
He's listening to Janice again, Stang.
Huh?
He's listening to Janice and he's all depressed about his molecules again.
Janice? Oh.
Oh, I thought it was Janice Jerkler because she was going...
Oh, my God, it's a man.
No!
It's Robert Plant?
Oh!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Oh, man!
Oh!
Sands!
I've been loving you!
Man.
I've been loving you for too long.
That's a nihilistic song, Chaz.
That's a song of a guy whose molecules were drifting slowly back and forth without their dog collars on.
Doesn't matter what the molecules do.
See what he's saying, Stang?
He's like...
He's goofed up.
Something's wrong with him.
I think the pith carrier and all the little screws on the bottom are all offside.
There's nothing wrong with me.
You sure you didn't...
Oh, he's finally seeing clearly.
This is the way it really is, then?
He's lost faith in religion and science.
How about agriculture?
No.
No, I understand how it is, you know.
After a while, you just have to face facts and just get used to it, you know.
That's all.
No man is an island, Rob.
He's a rock of a hard place.
I think you might get Minerva's curse if you ever stared the facts straight in the face
and you turned to stone like a gorgon or the gnorgon.
Chaz is a man of stone.
I know he's quite...
He is a rock, a hard rock.
And I was a man of water, but the water has turned to stone.
Now you're just a stoner man, and you've always been a stoner man.
The rock is not as hard as you think.
It's more...
I don't know.
It's like when your...
When your water has transformed.
When your glass...
When your plans ooze out of your neck or someplace.
They have to be put back.
Into a solid.
Well, sometimes it just becomes a vapor.
It was then.
Plus, that blind date with Medusa didn't help.
If only it had been...
If only he had been blind for the blind date with Medusa.
Well, then he would have been Homer's buddy there.
What's his name?
With the one...
Oh, the guy with the wine.
Hey, Homer's buddy.
The Sodclops.
Yes.
Since we're into Greek myths.
Yeah.
Not Woe or something.
No.
Mythology, I guess.
No, we're in the Vale of Woe.
Well, not really Woe.
Of resignation.
Well, Woe spelled W-H-O-H.
You know?
The Valley...
Whoa!
No, not again.
Whoa.
It's a valley that's hard to climb out, especially if you don't have the right shoes.
You know what I'm saying?
The right foot gear can get us out of here.
Well, if you've got a ball and chain.
It's not holding you down.
It's pretty hard to climb out of there.
What have you got?
One of them Orange County jail uniforms and you've got your handcuff to your foot.
That's better than a ball and chain, isn't it?
Well, and you know when somebody's all depressed and...
Or facing facts, as the case may be, depending.
Wait a minute.
What's the problem with just digging into some blues and getting in touch with where it's coming from for real?
Oh, I was just going from what you said earlier.
Yeah, I'm just digging in.
I'm just getting it.
I'm getting in touch with the roots, man.
He didn't say he was bitter, Stan.
He just said he was afraid for his molecules, like many people are nowadays.
I'm not afraid for my molecules.
What the hell can I do about my molecules?
He's not afraid for them.
He's letting them do their own thing.
Well, it doesn't matter what I care about my molecules.
What do my molecules care about me?
Well, I think your follicles care.
And I think probably your dendrites are deeply concerned.
The DNA molecule drives everything that we do.
And we are powerless to...
Stop it.
It will do anything to keep itself replicating.
Have you heard of the new DNA they found?
It completely replicates human DNA, but it's like a bacterium.
Hello?
Hello.
Hello.
Your forehead is leaking strange blue fluids.
Hello?
Hello.
But the sound, his forehead's making kind of a cool buzz.
Well, I think that's the cabinet it was built into.
Hello?
He won't speak.
Hello?
He just...
Hello?
He keeps vibrating.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Are you a monster there?
I can make it worse if I turn my radio on.
Whoa.
Oh, man.
Don't take that pill.
Greetings, Reverend Funny Name.
Good to hear from you.
I hope you don't mind if I make my reply in part during my afternoon constitutional.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
And well done for buying a gift membership to the Church of the Subgenius for your friend.
Glad to hear it.
Welcome.
And your good taste will pay off come X day.
Your friend asked you, and you asked me, for some advice for a new subgenius.
And I can reply readily in two parts.
First, be miserable.
Be as miserable as you know how to be.
Study miserable people and do what they do.
And if you know people who are not at the moment miserable, avoid them and definitely
don't do what they do.
If you are miserable, be more miserable.
That is my first piece of advice for a new subgenius.
My second bit of advice for a new subgenius is don't only.
Be miserable.
And the reason is we already have a member in long standing who is miserable all the time.
And your friend is not that member.
No, the role of constantly miserable subgenius has been filled and skillfully so.
Therefore, that role is occupied.
A new niche must be discovered for your friend and for yourself and for me and for all of us.
We must find a way to not be only miserable all the time.
And so that second piece of advice in sum total is be miserable sometimes.
And other times find some other way to be.
Perhaps filled with rage.
Perhaps in love.
Perhaps indifferent.
Happy sometimes.
Bored sometimes.
Asleep sometimes.
Enjoying the company of friends or taking an afternoon constitutional.
Many paths are available to self-same members of the church of the subgenius.
I thank you.
Thank you.
Let there be slack.
Thank you, Uncle Dr. Onan Canabite.
So uplifting from such an unexpected angle.
Subgeniuses, have you checked out Dobbs.town on the internet?
It's a newish and non-Facebook forum that's being used by some of the best subgeniuses.
The hundred million new ones that I don't know.
But now, Sheridan muses with Lemurian in-betweens.
In my time, I filled out a lot of job applications.
One thing that puzzles me is not when they ask for your present address.
It's the next line where they ask for your permanent address.
Permanent is so final and unrealistic.
It's unrealistic.
It's not even in any economy.
There's dwelling options.
There are landlords and evictions.
Buildings have burned down.
Entire cities washed down the drain of too bad.
Sorry for your loss.
Here's money.
But really, how would your parents feel if at age 16 you ink their house in as your permanent address?
So I finally snapped.
Today, I put down the only logical answer.
Technology be damned.
Today, under permanent address, I wrote, Earth.
I will ask Jesus to help me to keep my heart from sin.
After reflecting his goodness and all we shine for him.
A sunbeam, a sunbeam.
A sunbeam.
Life is a designed thing.
Jesus wants me for a sunbeam.
A sunbeam, a sunbeam.
I'll be a sunbeam for him.
It would be cool if your name was certain and then you could honestly say I am certain and get away with it.
Or someone can say, are you certain?
and you can say it depends who's asking but if your name was certain could
anyone be positive that you're not worried about being mistaken freeze
everybody clap your hands
come on y'all
how low can you go from pr news in washington i'm bobby b bobby c the sababa in south carolina
this is pr the u.s military has been seriously injured in a car crash and in las vegas
president trump addresses nevada's pr news
you
we're going to talk to you about the most urgent thing that is on our mind
and what we suspect is the most urgent thing on the minds of those who will connect with us
we'll title this tape
now the reason this is such an interesting tape is well but what's this tape this is
such a doomsday statement tape and that's absurd
this
this
Well, now, we're on the end of the absurd doomsday.
What's this? What's all this? What's all this?
Well, we suspect that that's pretty major.
Well, we speak of human ways only because we suspect this is the end of human ignorance.
Of how we would speak of human behavior.
Well, we speak of this world just on the tail end of that window, if I can speak of it that way.
Of how we would speak of human behavior.
Octopus salad and pink cocaine
Hamburger's pudding and black champagne
Temperature rises and the walls melt away
Floating green iron and milky gray
Well, okay, I had a nasty twist
For ten thousand days
I've been wrapping my
Head around a tangled maze
It's raining holy hell
Down on my big old brain
And there's too many numbers
To keep track of the names
And it's mildly mercury
And retrograde
Cause I've been yapping all day
But ain't got much to say
La la la la la la la
We gon' play it
Just tell me which moniker
Make the ring it plays
Wow
Which moniker
Make the ring it plays
Which moniker
Make the ring it plays
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah

Yeah
Yeah

They seek
the gift
of better
living
the gift
of better
living
They seek
the gift
of better
living
They seek
the gift



the gift
of better
living
They see

a spot


I'll never
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Maybe there wouldn't be so much strife.
Anyway, here's another short story from Sheridan of Cleveland.
Barbie doesn't need anything.
If her dad doesn't show up in good enough time to change the light bulb in her penthouse apartment,
she'll settle for a special one-third scale,
Nordstrom-scented candle.
Beyond that, she's happy,
dancing around naked in her cutaway half-house,
trying on clothes.
Near-sighted Barbie can only see the glow
from the windows of the high-rise apartment across the street.
She is sweetly oblivious to the numerous telescopes
trained and aimed at her room.
One farsighted admirer can only see clearly
with the help of the telescope's lens.
Focused on our girl,
this view is the best to be found
and surely he must, must
meet this beautiful, flawless,
lustful thing.
He watches
as she pulls out her brush before the mirror.
One,
ten,
fifty,
ninety-nine,
one hundred strokes across those beautiful locks of golden synthetic strands.
She stands after one last hair flip
and turns out the light for bed.
In that fleeting glimpse before the darkness,
he sees that she is perfectly clean-shaven.
A gnat lands on the lens of this harbor freight telescope,
free flashlight with any purchase,
and he kills it with one puff.
He is so
tough of his bad breath.
He tries to time her daily morning departure.
It is as inconsistent as his own slacker schedule.
Without using the lens,
he cannot read which uptown RTA stacker buck
picks her up.
Where does she go?
Probably shopping for more accessories,
he would have to guess.
One day,
he sidles up to the curb
and engages her in his bright red convertible,
top down,
top not included in the package,
all other accessories,
including steering wheel,
sold separate.
She looks down her impossibly perfect chiseled pointed nose. I mean really,
have you ever seen a nose like that anywhere? People, it just can't be done. But that Jackson
fella sure did try and look how that turned out. She looks at him long and hard, almost as if she
could see right through his plastic shell. You think I'm a hooker, honey? She yells, loud enough
that it catches the attention of the police officer standing nearby. Nose for you, bitch.
I just dressed like one. Tires squeal as he speeds away and he wonders if it was the gas stench.
From topping off at the last fill up. Barbie casually wanders off and searches for her next
fix from someone not so shallow.
It's just a false report from Chris. They still control you, however you are, what you think,
and how you dress. It's all the same, it's just a demonstration.
Disinformation. You live in a brain punch, so why'd you leave me in big news? It's all the same,
just the things that they change to take you.
Scrubbed in and staged for your entertainment.
It's disinformation. It's a long time with a student guy radiating bodily knowledge.
Revolving stories of human interest. Utilizing priestly carnage.
So what if no one's wrong? He won't take the fall for disinformation.
Oh, you bastards.
Peter Jennings. Dan the Off-Grounder. I hate you all. I wish you'd all just shut up.
Get off my TV. I hate you.
Ahhhhhh. Disinformation.
Ahhhh.
The Song Disinformation, from the mystery band called THUNC, exclamation.
I hope there's not more than one cuss word in all those.
Because all my hearing aids let me catch only one.
ulturian Call it shawty, shawty shawty, shawty- diagnostics scampus sir anything
ということでround paramarkets road 싼
meme,
audio to us should also include lyrics text if possible i seriously can barely hear half of what
i'm playing and yet now this from pr news in washington i'm the wife of the prime minister
president donald trump is holding and speaking
the dows 99 24 458 60 17 president donald trump claimed at least one life president donald trump
caused widespread damage throughout the region president donald trump had to be rescued from as
many as 30 homes while the u.s house is set to vote this afternoon on a pair of pr news
substances that's what we need here let me out i'm not
dead
let me out isn't this music about evolution or something this is the the first scene follows
this amoeba for about 4 000 million years that's the first movement we see the scene
he becomes larger and gives birth to many more children shown in this
diagram
here until lightning strikes nearby and suddenly there's monkeys swinging from trees as soon as the
lightning clears the smoke clears all there is the force of zeus as the lightning bearer stretching
each one of those monkeys down and then as soon as the rain dries up the trees die away like within
two hours so the monkeys don't have as many trees to swing around him and they have to jump down to
the ground and run from one group of trees to the other go out and play in the dry rain and they
found that you know after a while they're going to have to run from one group of trees to the other
they stood up they could run faster if they stood up not on all fours and right about that time
their heads started getting bigger and i am lonely and i shall create me man from the mud of the earth
and he shall slay all these nearly evolved other primates and so god rose up the first completely
created unevolved homo sapiens and now for a limited time
and you can own in your very own home this unlimited
and that's exactly 2714 years ago that happened
and then god placed all the fossils and many varieties of homo sapiens
of the of the scientists and the geologists yes that is what is the
crux of everything in reality is if you're out in the african
desert
somewhere and you find a skull it was planted there by god just a few thousand years ago so
you could lick it is right next to where lucy was walking around you go down a few feet deeper than
lucy even and there's another one you know it could be billions of years yeah well they were
cavemen dinosaurs running around back then the great daily came and smashed a lot of them
yeah but no noah managed but you see the dinosaurs were too big and that's why they didn't survive
and theiedzio kill Fightin
oxyr
discussed a

beach
changing the
knowledge or
remaining оргaniata
Why did they bury their dead ceremoniously?
Like Neanderthals buried their dead ceremoniously.
They were Satanists.
Yes.
They were burying them to the wrong god.
Yes, the neutral primates are all Satanists.
So they were also lost in the great flood.
But many of them had not learned the correct prayers.
So as their prayers are uttered throughout the woods and picked up thousands of years from the sound of the Dutch missions.
The Grand Canyon was cut 2,303 years ago.
The Grand Canyon was cut down?
That's right.
De-neuded? Deforested?
Actually, what was it? 4,600?
Oh, you mean what it's created through the gland.
4,000 years ago.
The mighty girdle of the Colorado which spans...
Now that's taught in some schools.
And in some it's just loose.
Some's taught.
Well, how come there's no mention of the Americas in the Bible?
It's a touchy-feely thing, Chaz.
We don't want to...
Well, okay.
Oh, that's the true...
That's where the true Israel migrated to, don't you see?
Have you not read your Identity Christianity textbook?
Yes, their pancreas were swollen, making the long voyage across the Atlantic much easier.
...into the Northland where was Gog and Magog.
But see, this is actually...
If you see the true interpretation of the...
And they had the stinky mark of Odom upon their faces.
...clubhouse, you would see that this actually means the British Isles.
There he is.
Ah.
The picture of Der Fuhrer, he's so cute.
The ones masquerading as God's chosen people are, of course, merely the Khazar, Asiatic,
yeti-like humanoids.
That's actually kind of part of the teaching of some Identity Christianity things,
which is such a silly superstition compared to Identity subgenius.
They have...
Where we know that the...
We can speak seriously.
...truly chosen ones...
Those people of who you speak...
...are those who have sent their...
...thirty dollars to J.R.R.
...regurgitated a religion, a substantially sick religion,
which existed in the 1840s based on white supremacy and other forms of insanity,
and also filtered through their Lucifer-like Nazism and so forth.
But these...
Oh, actually, everybody ripped off the Zoroastrians.
Oh, you can go to any old bookstore and there's some crack who says that...
The true Israelites are guys who look just like me,
and who like bland food and can't dance.
That's the substance of their religion, that God was one of them.
Gots mitans!
Remember that old phrase, got mitans?
All I know is that they're right.
We are in some deep doopoo.
Deep.
Deep.
We are in some deep Dobbs hairdo, my friends.
If the Southern Baptists, if the Identity Christians are right.
Or, for that matter, friends, if anyone...
If the rival cult is right.
Most of us are doomed.
But if the Church of the Subgenius is right,
most of you are doomed.
And most of us are...
Saved.
Saved.
Saved.
Utopia after utopia for a thousand lifetimes.
To come.
And...
Come again.
Come.
Come.
Come.



Come.
Come.
Come on to Bob.
Come on to Bob.
And come on.
Oh, Lord, you'll be loving it all on the way to paradise.
Just as you are.
Step on up.
Step on up.
Make me step on up.
Stand on my foot so I get the hell up and walk on over there on the clock.
And Bob said unto the masses,
Step right up.
I looked into the way a running dog...
For here.
Gaze unto this so awesome...
For a bed by your neck.
For a bed by your neck.





For a hair Bowler.
For a theater Lullabies.
For a quad ride.
But to get out of bed face to face.
I was holding on.
I don't think there's any way because I can't get on that horse.
I bit all my fingers and Hoo.
I don't think I'm gonna get off but keep on going.
He didn't, didn't he?
No.
Taken.

And you didn't seem very comfortable.
I think I saw this coming.
Think thatibone came some day...
He didn't.
But I knew this would be.
Knew I heard.
And I said, Larry, what's going on there?
You want me to do it like Scabby?
Yeah.
And what did he say, brother?
What's going on there?
Jesus, come here.
And what did Jesus say to you now?
There's only one set of footprints here and here.
And one of the worst times of my life, there was only one set of footprints.
And the liar said, well, son, that's when I abandoned you.
Couldn't take your misery.
You're a pathetic loser at those times.
I couldn't stand looking at you.
Thank you for that wonderful interpretation of the usual retreat.
I realize it's good to be a loser.
It's good to be an idiot.
It's better to be an idiot.
Then you don't know what's wrong with you.
You are forgiven, my son.
I thought you were going to end that with, well, Scabby, that's when I was humping you on the neck.
God so loved the idiot and the drunkard that he protected him in Harvard.
That would have been much better.
I should have gave it to you.
Jumped on your back and humped you.
The hardworking house.
His mom was instead taken by the angels.
Mom, I mean, Dad, come on down.
Your clam cakes, they're alive.
For God loves drunks and protects them and lets hardworking moms fall by the wayside in his great vengeance.
What is that?
Chaz?
Chaz?
Could you help me?
I think Rogers died.
And he was.
And he was died.
He's gone.
He's gone.
The stark fist of removal is real, my friends, and it hovers over each and every one of us.
And that's when you tied your shoe boots today.
For the very last time.
You can untie them tonight.
Will the Undertaker be untying them shoes tonight, friend?
Are you ready?
Have you made peace with your god or goddess or thing or totem pole, whatever it may be?
I'm afraid that Jolly Roger is really flying the skull and crossbones this sad afternoon.
You're a guardian angel or you're a guardian demon or you're a little guardian alien gray or you're lucky rabbit's foot or you're winning lottery number or you're special anti-baldness formula.
That inorganic penis licker, that's one demerit.
Your ear candling equipment.
Your auto jack.
Your...
The frozen peace pipe and eye remover, that's two demerits.
Your hobby.
Your addiction.
Your crutch.
Your elation upon riding into the little train tube, that's 60 merits.
Face it.
You're hooked.
Kick that crutch away, my friend.
Become yourself the crutch of Bob Dobbs.
Let Bob lean on you.
I see the light.
And you...

I'll walk again.
Kick that crutch away.
I'll walk.
I'll walk.
And I'll let Bob limp on you.
But I never could walk.
Throw yourself into that pipe and light yourself up.
Yes, friends, light yourself up.
Light down his lung tubes.
Not that naked woman on the hill, Chris, screaming incoherently, driving a Porsche.
No, not that cheesy cab driver with the Iranian accent.
All of you, yes?
All of you.
There is a cause for disturbance.
Each and every one of you is entreated to become one with a new type of human being.
A new species of mankind.
A big blue onion in the sea.
An overman.
An uberwoman.
The frozen ovary woman.
A great woman.
Seven dinars.
Hairy and muscular uberwoman.
The lightning zapped chimpanzee.
It's 25 minutes.
You're dying.
We rejoin the evolution of mankind back on the savannahs.
Three more lightning boats have zapped five more families of small monkey-like semi-human beings.
They've just returned from a bowling alley and Grandpa's taken a nap.
But things aren't going to be much better.
I am your descendant.
And I your descendator.
Listen to us very carefully, if you can listen at all.
We know that your ears are bludgeoned and mangled.
Your atoms have come from millions and billions of years ago from inside in the sun before our sun.
This is not a good prognosis.
So just relax, and we'll try and clean the sphagnum from your ear.
And we'll try and clean the sphagnum from your ear.
Keep those atoms in one place for God's sake.
Stay in one place for God's sake.
Those atoms are yours now, but they won't be forever.
No.
They're going to be in some other burning hydrogen sun, in some other alternate – further beyond the universal mind.
One day there will be a last, perfect day on Earth.
And then the sun will start to shrink.
And they'll rip off, and come back from all you old cripple of Earth.
Expand out, consuming Mercury, Venus, and Earth inside of itself.
Eventually, after that, the sun will slowly use up the...
The hydrogen's gone.
Now it's just the helium burning.
As the sun's uterus slowly contracts into this sphagmatic form here shown at the top of the Colosseum,
you notice Randy and Tina are still having fun with their used condoms.
And then just a little orb of black schmuck gets in space.
Black toy.
Of course, if the sun was a lot bigger, it would turn into a black hole, though.
Hey, man, you don't know where I could get some of that...
Neutron matter?
Black dwarf neutron matter.
Oh, yeah, man. You want neutron matter?
A teaspoon full of it would weigh as much as a mountain.
Let's sing this song. Should we sing this song?
It weighs as much as 19 Earths.
Come on, guys. Let's sing this song.
An atom of it would weigh as much as a mountain.
A teaspoon of neutron matter makes the medicine go down.
Come on, let's sing it now.
A teaspoon of neutron matter makes the medicine go down.
A teaspoon of neutron matter makes the medicine go down.

I'd like to take another shower this year,
but my friend, in his wisdom,
knowing I'm an alcoholic,
bought me a new shower curtain
that looks like a close-up of a frosty cold beer.
I will finish my beer,
rinse the glass,
head towards the shower,
and suddenly be parched,
and I will drink another beer,
wash the glasses,
approach the shower,
become dry and raspy,
down another beer,
hose the glass,
stand before the shower,
thirsty,
suck a few more beers in,
rinse and repeat.
Currently, my glass is cleaner than I am,
and I forgot why I'm standing in the bathroom,
so I just take a piss
and have another beer.
Thank you, ESO Swamp Radio from WCSB Cleveland,
and then Sheridan, also from Cleveland.
Heck, I guess I was from Cleveland for almost 20 years,
and I still kind of am,
even though it's now.
Subgenius at Post Office Box 807,
Glen Rose, Texas, 76043.
Subgenius.com.
Our books are actually much better than our shows,
but then, you know,
this isn't the only Subgenius show,
and not even the oldest.
See subgenius.com radio pull-down
for all necessary details.
Thank you for listening,
and thank you, Bob,
for not killing us all yet,
just on a whim.
Subgenius.com.
Pokes me in the eye with love.
Think about it.
Who is the last guy to say to you
these words?
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.
Who?
I say,
don't trade Bob for eagle stamps.
Bob.
Pokes me in the eye with love.
Bob.
Pokes me in the eye with love.
Take a rubber chicken to lunch.
Fake your orgasms.
Two in a row.
I say,
the ultra-bizarre
is a belch of the mind.
Upchuck daily.
Bob.
Pokes me in the eye with love.
The moonies are groovy,
but Bob is Bob.
Bob.
Pokes me in the eye with love.
Eat your spinach, baby.
Eat your spinach, baby.
Eat your spinach, baby.
Bob.
Pokes me in the eye with love.
Take a rubber chicken to lunch
Fake your orgasms
Two in a row
The moonies are groovy
But Bob
Is Bob
Bob pokes me in the eye with his
Eat your spinach, baby
Eat your spinach, baby
Eat your spinach, baby
