A beginning is a very delicate time.
Strange things began to take place.
Flying saucers seen over Washington, D.C.
I understand, Colonel, you've been on tap, tap, tap.
The Earth people who can think are so frightened by those who cannot.
It's been absolutely impossible to work through these Earth creatures.
Their soul is too controlled.
Kill him!
I'm the Jett.
The Soul Genius.
Power of the Swamp.
You ain't gonna find him in there.
And now for the first time, we are bringing to you the full story of what happened.
We are all interested in the future, for that is where you and I are going to spend the rest of our lives.
And remember, my friends,
future events such as these will affect you in the future.
You are interested in the unknown, the mysterious, the unexplainable.
That is why you are here.
It was a light coming down from the sky.
I don't know who or why.
We've been around for, well, we've been public since 1980.
That was when we printed our first pamphlet, and then the book of the subgenius came out in 1983.
Now, all through the 80s, it was really just kind of a club of nerdy, overweight boys.
As you might well imagine.
It looked kind of like a GWAR concert.
But, we lied and presented it as a sex cult, like the Raelians that you may have heard of.
Oh yeah, right, right, Rael.
And then they wanted to clone themselves.
Well, you know, it's like a building.
They build it and they will come.
Sure enough, it turns out there are a lot of lonely mutants out there looking for a mutant of the opposite or otherwise desired sex or species.
And we started having these yearly events, which we call X-Day Drills.
Did you know the world ends July 5th?
No, I did not know that.
Yeah, Bob predicted a long time ago that the world ends on July 5th, 1998.
1998 at 7am.
98.
Yeah.
Now, obviously, the conspiracy of the normal people has been fooling with calendars for who knows how long.
Well, this is true, yeah.
Just to embarrass Bob.
And it's obviously really not 1998 yet.
Well, then there was the Romans that screwed it up too.
You know what I mean?
You always blame the Romans.
Yeah, there's, it's a real mess.
We don't really know what year this is or what planet this is even.
But, we get together at different campgrounds.
And we have these end of the world drills.
Cool.
Every July 5th, we do what you would do if you thought the world was about to end.
What does one do on a drill?
I mean, where the world ends?
I mean, just kind of run around screaming?
It's up to you.
I mean, things you wouldn't do on a normal day at work.
Well, I can think of a lot of things I wouldn't do on a normal day at work.
You know, like eat three helpings of ice cream instead of just one.
Ah.
You know, really wild stuff like that.
People turning south on the freeway were startled when they saw the world end.
They saw three flying saucers high over Hollywood Boulevard.
With your ancient juvenile minds, you have developed explosives too fast for your minds to conceive what you are doing.
Then they attacked a town.
A small town, I'll admit.
But nevertheless, a town of people.
People who died.
Must be those strangers that come every night.
Those saucer-shaped lights put people uptight.
Leave blue-green footprints that glow in the dark.
I hope they get home all right.
Aside from the church declaring war on God and trying to change all human nature,
which is also what every peacenik wants, I guess, is to change human nature and make us so we're not chimpanzees or even primates anymore.
Good luck on that.
But actually, Bob promises the end.
The end of warfare for all who have become ordained subgenius ministers, which only cost $30,
on X-Day, July 5th, 1998, if the real 1998 ever gets here,
that's how big the conspiracy is.
That's how insidious it is.
You think this is, what, July 29th, 2008, if that's what it's supposed to be.
But we don't really know what year this is.
We don't even know what year it is.
We don't even know what planet this is.
If I could tell you that Earth was switched with Mars,
and World War II was nothing but a diversion to hide that slight of planet trick,
and you would laugh, some of you, if it were that funny.
But it's fucking true.
That's the horrible thing about it.
And if you don't believe me, the evidence is in our new book, The Bobliographon.
I'm sure the evidence is also in the Bible.
As far as I can tell, the evidence for anything is in the Bible.
And our books are the same way.
They're vague.
They're full of generalizations and terrible, wrathful things,
which suddenly turn into peacenik, nice things.
And there's a lot of sex and killing.
So, you know, and what we have that the Bible doesn't,
pictures.
That's a selling point.
Our books have pictures.
You see, as Onan said, once again, see, he's my script writer,
God forgot to make stupidity painful.
We're here to change that.
And I have a condition known as everything hurts really bad all the time-thritis.
The last time I said that at one of these, a guy came up and gave me three Vicodin.
Is that guy here?
Yeah.
Anyway, we have, um...
Where is he?
One guy...
Bumped out.
Lady trouble, huh?
Yeah, my ex was a pain in the ass, too.
What did you say?
You said my ex was a pain in the ass, too.
Your ex?
Yeah?
Your ex?
Yeah!
Your ex?
That's it!
Ex day!
Ex day!
Ex day!
Thank you!
Ex day!
Ex day!
Ex day!
Ex day!
Hey!
X Day.
X Day.
A day to rid yourself of a burden.









of that extra baggage
and to once again
soar like a falcon
to new horizons of freedom.
Abandon your intimate side
and demolish your relationships
with X-Day cards.
X-Day.
Well, that's it.
That's the new greeting card line.
X-Day.
Every new beginning's a delicate time
But just like when the end comes
It's never very pretty
And every in-between time
Looks like a perfect picture
It seems to last forever
Because it's the name still
Oh, baby
Change is gonna come
Not just maybe
Change is gonna come
Oh, baby
Change is gonna come
A spaceman makes it with an alien girl
Change is gonna come
Scientists prove we were never here
Change is gonna come
A change is gonna come
Here it comes
Every new beginning's a delicate time
But just like when the end comes
It's never very pretty
And every in-between time
Looks like a perfect picture
It seems to last forever
Because it's the name still
But oh, mama
Change is gonna come
Psycho, mama
Change is gonna come
If this were a dictatorship,
it'd be a heck of a lot easier.
Just so long as I'm a dictator.
What's your view on homosexuality?
Yeah, I am mindful that we're all sinners.
And to the C students,
I say,
you too can be president of the United States.
It's just, uh,
you know, it's just,
I just don't understand.
It doesn't make any sense to me.
But change is gonna come
by the attery squash.
There with Reverend Diva Schimata.
Praise Diva.
Praise Devo.
And there's, uh,
lots more of the attery squash
at myspace.com
slash the attery squash.
One more.
Attery is A-T-T-E-R-Y.
Before that,
yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang,
sermonizing at Winterstar of 2008.
See Rosencomet.com for more on that
and Starwood coming later this summer.
And see Subgenius.com
if you want to know about X-Day.
We also heard more on X-Day moronicism
on Rick Barber's show
on KOA Denver from last year.
Praise Rick and praise Lemur,
Lemur,
the colloquial,
collo...
uh...
graphi-ire.
Uh, how do you say that?
Collo-gi-graph-iest.
Uh, anyway, friends,
this is hour of slack number
1,150
devoted to the world of X-Day.
A world from which all normality has vanished.
The disappearance of humans
may seem like science fiction.
But eventually,
there will come a day like this.
A day when people no longer walk the Earth.
ノ
it's no great stretch
to imagine humans disappearing
from the face of the Earth.
Every generation has its tales
of Armageddon or Apocalypse.
We're the first generation that could,
by deliberate actions,
cause its own doom.
ructured 56 muito,
He says tentacles from Planet X.
It's a lie, you know.
I mean, all these people do is just lie to each other.
Of course, it's a lie.
Of course, it's a lie.
It's lunacy.
From the look of it, the tentacles are coming out of the beer cans.
Now you know how happy I can be.
All together now.
Three or three.
85, 85.
The number is 142.
Yeah, the monkeys.
They just seemed appropriate somehow.
Somehow.
Not exactly Yeti, but close enough for jazz.
By the way, is it true that the subgenii are descendants of Yeti?
Right.
We believe that there are only two races, the human race and the subgeniuses.
And both come in all colors and shapes and ages and several different genders.
And furry?
Well, that's...
Some are.
You know, not all of us can boast that we're full-blood Yetis.
In fact, almost nobody can.
In fact, I don't know a single one.
Yeah, well...
But, you know, if you look around at the people you work with, you'll go,
that person there might have a little bit of Sasquatch blood.
Yeah, well, I...
A little bit of Bigfoot there.
I've seen a few.
Especially, you know, you look at some of the Russian premieres.
They have that look about them.
Right.
Yeah.
The unibrow look.
Let's go back to the telephone.
In Denver is Lee.
Lee, you're on with the Reverend Ivan Stang.
Good morning.
Good morning, Rick.
Reverend Stang, it's an honor.
All hail Dobbs.
Praise Bob.
All hail Bob.
You bet.
Well, you know, some religions have the pilgrimage.
Some have jihad.
Some have the vision quest.
What would you say is the highest deed one can perform to achieve universal slack?
Well, slack is the goal of every subgenius.
Uh...
The trick, though, is that slack is different to each subgenius.
Most religions will preach a specific form of slack that's supposed to fit everybody.
And the conspiracy of the normal people, of course, that that's the way they work.
But...
So, we'll tell you that you need slack and that you should work your way towards it.
But since we don't know what slack is for you, we can't be all that specific.
Uh...
The...
As far as a pilgrimage, I would say X-Day is getting to be the yearly subgenius pilgrimage.
We hold the main X-Day drill in a clothing-optional campground in Amish country in New York, way out in the boonies,
where we can pretty much do anything we want.
You'll be glad to know that most people keep their clothes.
Would this be anywhere near Yaskier's Farm?
Uh...
No.
It's the other side of New York.
It's kind of near Erie, Pennsylvania.
I see.
And it's a pretty eerie place.
So to speak.
Uh...
But, yeah, Brushwood Folklore Center is where X-Day is held.
And we...
That's got to be the...
People come to that from all over the world.
And we've had people come from Germany and China.
It's...
It's just amazing.
It's just amazing.
It's kind of a mutant convention.
The first day is always rather awkward because, you know, weirdos often are kind of shy.
Or else they talk so much they drive everybody else away.
So it's a little rough the first day.
But it's got to be quite a community.
Interesting.
But, yeah, it's a real cult.
You know, I mean, when people talk about cults,
the Church of the Subgenius is a lot bigger than many of the ones that get so much press.
You bet.
Maybe you do believe this.
Maybe they're not lies.
They're delusions, whatever.
The fact remains.
The evidence here is flimsy.
It's bordering on ludicrous.
Hey, this isn't a courtroom.
You're not arguing a case.
You're doing nothing but damage talking the way you are.
And you can throw as much cow's blood around the loading dock as you want to.
You still haven't fooled anyone.
Leave it alone, David.
You can't convince some people there's a fire even when their hair is burning.
Denial is a powerful thing.
Well, keep talking.
I'll have no part of it.
Nor would anyone.
Any thinking person.
Keep thinking, Mr. Lawyer.
There's no defense against the will of God.
There's no court of appeals in hell.
There's no defense here either.
Not even with all the fertilizer in the world.
Not even if you stack it as high as you can.
It's still just bags of shit, isn't it?
Those of you who want to discuss this thing rationally to find a means of rescue are welcome to join me.
Those who want to stack dog food, knock yourselves out.
And anyone who believes in a little child like me who is not a false test colleague to tell
you if they're purple and they're not interested in those who give no shit about them.
No matter what happens on the show, don't take it personally.
Right.
Like I bought the thing where, you know, dude, trailer.
Thank you.
Don't confuse the listener with an act of human.
But we can be asking them to do more than one thing during a plug.
And that is listening to the puzzling evidence show.
Be careful.
And download the podcast.
And your show have the support it needs.
Now, which were the real callers and which were the fake callers?
I am in the same room with Puzzling Evidence.
These shows are actually lovingly collected and downloaded and podcasted.
See, that's what I'm afraid of.
If your show is an hour long.
I have to live with that every X day, Puzz.
I've been shot at X day.
Luckily, it was by my good friend, Dr. Legume.
And it had blanks in it.
Vary your delivery and your words.
Even the great X day has a copy of the original.
And conversational.
Can I have the deity shot?
Reintroduce your deity.
Now, remember, remember, I'm deaf.
Recognize your many different listening styles.
I can change it.
Bye, satellite.
Call out through towns with central and lateral control mechanisms.
It's also about how people will believe anything.
Of course.
I mean, look at Jim Jones out in California back in the 70s.
I mean, look at how he was able to mesmerize 900 people into drinking the Kool-Aid.
I heard about this Texas death cult that gets people to stand around waiting for flying saucers every single year.
They think the world is going to end.
Now, they may be a Texas death cult, but they don't meet in Texas.
They actually meet in the most rural parts.
Part of New York State.
Oh, how do you know they don't meet in Texas?
Well, they could meet in Texas.
Yeah, as a matter of fact, they do.
Yes.
And what they do, it's like the Bohemian Grove there.
They don't wear clothes.
Yeah.
We're talking, of course, about the Raelians, the fabulous visitors from the stars.
Right.
From Star Royale.
Everybody must get cloned.
Oh, yeah.
When you have too many and there's too many replicants.
Yeah, replicating replicants and stuff, it gets confusing.
No, they're the people who claimed they had cloned a human being.
And the press actually bought it.
For about five minutes.
It's like they actually got these people on the front page of various national papers.
It's like, wow, these reporters need to keep up with their bizarre cults better.
You know what I mean?
Well, nowadays, you can clone the little corporal in your basement.
Yes, sir.
Napoleon Bonaparte, one strand of Arizona to create an entire dictator from Republican roots.
I'm sorry.
If only.
If only we could clone people from their hair.
Huh?
Actually, the reason why the media went after that guy with the Raelians, he provided too much information all at once.
He was out there spilling the secrets about his own faith and nobody had any reason to buy into it because it was like.
Which is why the Church of the Subgenius is different.
Right.
We provide just enough faith for you to believe on your own what is real and what isn't.
Right.
Well, the thing with the applesauce duo, they used to tour together, not the same as staying in.
We but they would they would come and appear long before they were, you know, the Raelian saviors and stuff like that.
They'd like show up at high school and, you know, like Socrates bowling alley places and stuff where people would congregate and and, you know, have this meeting.
And people were expected to field questions, but they would never answer.
Some other person who looked real serious and scared would say, I mean.
And then he says, and then they would say what they said.
And that's what it was like.
Like.
You see, you see your stupid minds.
Stupid, stupid.
There comes a time in each man's life when he can't even believe his own eyes.
Take any fire, any earthquake, any major disaster.
Then wonder.
Oh, every every year, there's some movie that rips.
Off Bob.
Yep.
The conspiracy uses Hollywood as a tool to distract from Bob.
One of the most gross examples was, you know, Bob predicted the end of the world, July 5th, 1998.
Well, what movie was released July 4th, 1998?
Independence Day.
Yes.
From our little alien invasion.
And in that one, of course, the Earth men win.
With a computer program.
The aliens and the subgeniuses will win, but the humans will lose.
So now that isn't that telling us then that everybody who survived in Independence Day is actually either a subgenius or an alien.
And these are all mixed up in that movie.
The subgenius was the drunken head who had been abducted by aliens.
No one would believe.
And he martyred himself by flying his fighter jet up the tailpipe of the mothership.
I like these.
And give away.
The ending.
Yeah.
Well.
It's a little slim pickings for me.
I was going to go see it tomorrow.
Warning.
Spoilers.
Spoiler like you are saying.
Movie is conspiracy propaganda.
And, of course, the conspiracy does have its giant festival on July 4th with fireworks and depressing desert storm parades, as someone once wrote.
But the next day, subgenius day, as it were, is freedom from.
The conspiracy of the normals is independence from them.
That's our that's our main holiday.
The fifth.
The church.
Yeah.
Fifth of July.
You don't have to come to Brushwood in New York.
But if you do, you'll find that the orgies of X Day lead up to the supreme moment of the saucer landing and boarding.
Now, I've been out there on that field at seven o'clock in the morning.
Me, too.
Every July 5th since 1996, when we started drilling for the end.
There have been an unexplained mystery.
It's a hellish time in the sky for for subgenius.
For me, it's a it's hard to get up.
It's a few hours after I go to bed, especially right there.
Well, it's a reminder to me how how so many of my fellow subgeniuses have to get up at that ungodly hour six days a week.
So they're back there.
But to.
Work.
And that's right.
So what's the fourth look like then?
Well, how are you preparing?
How are you preparing for the fifth?
What are you doing on the fourth?
We do all the things that you would do if you thought it was the last day of your life.
Sweet.
Lots of sex.
See, we don't celebrate July 4th out there at all.
We are separated from planet America.
And we're out that we don't even hear the distant pop of fireworks.
That's one thing to do.
We have.
We might have fireworks of our own, but that's a different matter.
And they wouldn't be let off at that particular time.
Actually, how Rushwood has outlawed firework used by subgeniuses on their campground because we overdid it for so many years.
Of course, the Amish farmers were having trouble with their horses kicking down the stables because of the subgenius fireworks being so loud.
Oh, yeah.
Well, you're just alerting the masses that the truth is now.
It's the fifth.
Damn it.
The fourth is over.
We've been trying.
We've been at it for 25 years now.
Well, no, 27 years now since the subgenius foundation first went public, trying to spread the word of slack, the truth of J.R. Bob Dobbs and warnings about the conspiracy.
And every.
If you don't.
If one.
One soul is saved by this broadcast tonight and this whole trip.
This whole church was worth it.
If one soul is saved, that 27 years is justified.
Justified, my friend.
Call in now and Pastor Stang will relieve your woes.
Just give us a jingle.
We can't promise we'll relieve your woes, but we can change your woes.
Six.
You're right.
The alphanum opened.

And now is the time.
Save yourselves.
Well, where the hell did you find those?
And now.
And now.
And now is the time.



Mission control.
This is Mars 205 ready for departure.
Uh, earth.
The planet Earth.
Roger.
Countdown is going.
T-minus five.
Ready for departure.










4, 3, 2, 1.
4, 3, 2, 1.
4, 3, 2, 1.
4, 3, 2, 1.
Yeah!
4, 3, 2, 1.
4, 3, 2, 1.
4, 3, 2, 1.
4, 3, 2, 1.
4, 3, 2, 1.
4, 3, 2, 1.
4, 3, 2, 1.
4, 3, 2, 1.
and get to punish everybody we ever didn't like,
which unfortunately in most cases,
I'm afraid it's going to be our fellow subgeniuses.
So it will truly be a war in heaven at that point.
But somebody else pointed out that regarding X data,
that an X after all is just a cross that's been knocked over.
Not to me.
No, we don't have anything.
Believe me, got nothing against Jesus.
Jesus is just all right with me.
It's always been his fan club that gave us,
and not just his fan club,
all those other guys, Buddhist fan club.
Oh, I've got less ego than anybody here.
You know, you can't get away from it.
It's fundamentalism.
We put the fun in fundamentalism.
We also put the duh in fundamentalism.
And we put the...
Yeah.
The uh.
The ism.
The ism.
The mmm.
You name it.
You know, we put it in the fundamentalism.
Over and over again.
Anyway, our friend Joyce Levine,
Reverend Joyce Levine, who couldn't be here,
wrote an X-Day poem.
I don't think she's ever even been to X-Day,
but she's been to Starwood, so she can imagine.
It's just a smaller, much smaller Starwood,
where everybody, like a science fiction convention,
only they believe a different kind of science fiction.
Here's the poem.
Bare-breasted ladies run amok.
Seems they came by pickup truck.
From towns we did not know exist.
It's slack time here on Mother Earth.
All beings celebrate your birth.
She gave this to me on my birthday.
Meteors fly across the sky.
It's the night.
Cicadas sing with all their might.
From a lounge chair, take it in.
With a satisfied, dazzled grin.
I just thought that was a sweet X-Day poem,
especially since it starts with bare-breasted ladies.
That always gets me.
You know, I waited for somebody to say Bob.
So, can a caller call in with a credit card number
and become ordained right here on the air?
Yes, although I...
Man, yelling your credit card and expiration date over public airwaves.
Well, we'll max it out before anyone else can.
We're ready.
No, that's okay.
No, we're fine.
I hear King of Slash Bill T. Miller in the background
singing one of his X-Day songs.
The Flap.
We have a whole CD.
A collection of songs about X-Day.
It's like 30 different songs in every style imaginable.
I wrote one.
How do we find them?
How do we get them?
Subgenius.com!
Rob at the master moral controls.
Thank heaven for that.
X-Day's a-comin'!
We don't actually sell many CDs,
and it may be because we give away so much of the truth on the internet.
You can download the Subgenius Hour of Slack weekly show.
In fact, that's probably what you did to hear this.
Time to think about it.
Yes.
You can download the Puzzling Evidence show.
You can...
From Berkeley.
You can download the Suzy the Floozy show.
Bob's...
Slacktime Funhouse from WREK.org in Atlanta.
Put Brown as an upgrade.
Remember to thank food donors during your show.
Thank you, food donors.
Thanks for the delicious chips and all of that stuff.
Don't you just thank the UFO people when they come?
I mean, that's all that really matters.
Well, of course, we'll thank them.
Thanks, X's, for not coming.
We'll thank them in a minute.
Thanks, Bob, for not delivering on the end of the world.
Thanks for not killing us.
We'll not kill you.
Mr. Dog.
Sounding like Noble Stang is that fisherman in the story of the Thousand Knights
and a knight who uncorked a genie who, instead of giving him three wishes for letting go,
was going to squash him like a bug because it had taken so long for him to be rescued.
I remember that.
First hundred years, he thought he'd do anything for the guy who got him out.
He'd let him live in perpetual orgasm, you know.
But then the second hundred years would be anything.
Where is that?
Stupid asshole.
When I get out of here, I'm going to make him a demon never more.
And finally, he was let out to wreak horrendous vengeance against the poor fisherman.
This is that little flash movie, The End of the World, I told you about.
No, this is actually a tale of woe.
And in the same way, I...
How did the fisherman trick him, though?
The fisherman tricked him.
Wait, are you saying the End of the World is a tale of woe?
Oh, the fisherman got him to climb back in the bottle and then...
How did he talk him into it?
I mean, what...
By doubting his macho ability.
To alter his molecular structure.
And forcing him to...
Yeah, you're not really that powerful.
Because if you were that powerful, you could crawl back into that bottle.
And so he could.
And then he got corked.
And if you were really that powerful, you could let me cork you in there.
But no, you couldn't do that.
And then, immediately, of course, he sees the relative stupidity of wasting his eventual liberty on...
There we go.
Now, I'm showing the woman who used to play Genie in my dream, Genie, because it's always a cloud pleaser.
But she didn't...
I don't even have a navel.
You can go to a website and make a cloud.
It was illegal for women to then...
You can go to a website and make a cloud if you want.
All right, now I'm showing Bewitched.
But they got married, right?
Colonel Nelson and the...
I think they did.
And the host...
The F-Reed.
The air just came out of the show.
Cloudhouse Roundup.
But they went to heaven as a happily married couple.
And Genie was a Christian.
Heaven?
Oh, no.
Yeah?
You can't see me?
I can't see you.
That doesn't belong in this movie.
It's that light.
Oh, I see you.
Yeah, I see you move.
I see where you are.
Go toward the light.
Is this what's going on, man?
It's all dark here in this subspace thing.
Go toward the light.
For puzzling evidence, you'll be interested to know that one X-Day Morn, when the rest
of us were up at Brushwood, some subgenius in Dallas went to Dealey Plaza.
It was in the late 90s, July 5th, at 7 a.m.
And there was a nude woman.
She was frolicking around on the grassy knoll area.
That's what I'm talking about.
Very briefly.
They even got a photograph of her.
They were just three nerds.
It was X-Day.
Let's go to Dealey Plaza.
Oh, my God.
There's a sex goddess running around over there.
Maybe this is X-Day.
Yeah.
So they followed her to the ship, I know.
That's the kind of thing you see in Los Angeles at dawn all the time.
The last time I was there.
That's what I saw.
Several naked women stumbling around the streets.
Well, little callers, I don't know if you understand that if a bomb dropped on Berkeley
right now, the top of the subgenius church would just disappear.
And finally, it would start making some money.
Okay, here's the money raining down from the sky.
This is space money.
Look how pretty it is.
Oh, sorry.
See it twinkle and sparkle?
More, more, more.
Toxic to handle.
Never, never.
I can't hold my money.
Enough.
It'll burn right through.
Ow!
The ultimate X-Day nightmare.
The tribulation money rains from the sky and it's made of acid that burns through your skin.
Or a spaceship.
People are so desperate that they grab it anyway.
I go down, I get laid, I drink a beer, and then it burns through my hand.
There you go.
Take a drop.
Get that dope.
Let's go down here to the subgenius bar.
You can call.
I'm gonna go get my beer.
Five minutes ago.
I don't see what that is.
It's a dueling recording device.
Try this on your piano.
I just reversed that phone number.
You reversed the charge?
You want to know what the number really is?
There you go.
Sounds like a bunch of malarkey to me.
Oh, that was a good show.
Camp Malarkey is right over there.
Whatever happened to Malarkey's show?
Is he still on the air here?
I think he's on the air.
I think he's on the air.
The bunch of malarkey show?
No, I think you took over that slot.
Yeah, I've been a long time since those...
The country of Kroistan.
Conan!
What is best in life?
To crush your enemies, see them driven before you,
and to hear the lamentation of the women.
That is it.
At X-Day, of course, we have symbolic auctions
where we enact this ritual among ourselves.
The...
inner subgeniuses.
But that is an overt form of the ordinary progress of sales
which has to be made
as part of the existing subgenius journey.
There are actual flesh auctions at X-Day.
Yes.
And auctions of all kinds of bulldada,
kitsch...
Great stuff.
Yeah.
Complete Jack Chick comic collections.
By the way, did you all know that there is a book
about Jack Chick comics?
By Kurt Kirsteiner.
Right.
By subgenius...
Nazi subgenius.
And Papa Joe Mama.
Yes.
They infiltrated Jack Chick's headquarters,
got to know Jack Chick himself.
They went to the war room where the comics are created.
Where is that?
In Chino, California.
Uh...
And in fact, Jack Chick promised our friends
that he would get around to doing an anti-subgenius pamphlet
as soon as he finishes his huge life work that he's still on.
He's like 90 years old.
What's the work he's working on?
Paintings illustrating the Bible.
He had a movie that they were working on
which is essentially kinesthesis
but it had to do with huge paintings created by
the...
good artist who works at Chick things
who's a black guy.
I forget his name.
Oh, Fred Carter.
That's his name.
He's made these giant paintings of Eve
in the Garden of Eden and so on.
Then they've photographed them and done kinesthesis
and they have a movie that's ready to come out
or maybe it is out
among the devotees of Jack Chick.
Oh, it is out.
Yeah, and you can find information about this great Jack Chick book
which, by the way...
It's called...
It cut...
The Unofficial Jack T. Chick.
That's available from monsterwax.com
I believe.
Monsterwax, yes.
Yeah.
I think if you do a...
just a search on the one word monsterwax
you would certainly immediately get there.
Like candle wax
but it's monster...
But with monsters.
Monsterwax.
Well, Dr. Hal, I can't wait to...
bring you into X-Day this next year
on those plane flights we always get you
that hover around Philadelphia for 10 hours.
Those plane and...
Yeah, Dr. Hal writes great songs
when he's stuck in airports
and hovering in planes for hours and days.
Tis so.
I've got to get them all recorded or noted or something or other.
My problem is we've got to convince Governor Rocknar
to pay your way to X-Day and Amsterdam every year.
Going back to Amsterdam?
Oh, he's already planned that.
How about you?
I can't plan that sort of thing.
It can't be an annual plan?
I want...
Milo's going.
On my epitaph.
Here lies an atheist
all dressed up and no place to go.
That's an old chestnut.
How about this one?
Remember, man, as you walk by
as you are now, so once was I
as I am now, so shall you be.
Remember this and follow me.
And on the one...
And on this grave, you then may be.
On the tombstone next to it, it says,
to follow you I'll not consent
until I know which way you went.
Hoo-hoo! Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Those clever Englishters.
So now that the writer's strike is on,
you guys do the show by just queuing up pages on the internet
full of funny quotes?
Yeah.
What did you do? Google funny quotes?

Funny tombstone quotes?
Funny epitaph.
Oh, that's right. Epitaph. That's the word.
Um, well, are you planning anything extra special for X-Day this year?
Yes, the world will be destroyed by the saved.
Really? This time?
Uh, well, some July 5th that's going to happen.
Maybe this is 1998.
That's right.
Maybe tomorrow is July 5th, 1998.
Are you ready?
Let's hope that.
That's the big question, of course.
Hey, Mr. Spaceman, won't you please take me along?
I won't do anything wrong.
Hey, Mr. Spaceman, won't you please take me along for a ride?
Oh, yeah.
My name is Chaz, and I'm broadcasting you tonight from my little holding cell here.
All quarantined, all strapped in my suit, pressure suits all pressured up.
Yeah.
And, uh, it's here.
The ship is waiting, hissing away, spewing out its little steam.
Waiting for the moment.
The final countdown.
And that's where we're at.
Just hours away from the final hour.
The final minute.
The final second.
X day.
Thought it'd never get here.
It's kind of late now.
We're there.
There's nothing else to do.
Just sit, look out the window, and wait for the light.
Is your pleasure ship hovering above?
Waiting for the final hours to pass?
Is your alien sex goddess waiting for the last minute?

Waiting for you somewhere in Eurasia Blue.
Mind.
We'll see you.
Goodbye, Mom.
Goodbye, Dad.
I gotta go into space.
One, two.
Hey, Blinko.
Um, Chaz and I have been planning our, which reruns we're gonna, we're gonna run since there's only another, like, week of broadcasting left on the planet.
Oh, God.
Yeah, I've done 638 hours in the past.
Down to a few hours now.
And we're gonna start rerunning number one.
I mean, for what radio stations are left.
Right.
And, uh, what were you plan, thinking of doing, Chaz?
Are you just gonna run reruns?
Or, like, what's your first show after the...
After you leave?
Well, I was plan... I, I...
Or is there, are you just gonna blow it off?
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
I was under some understanding that they were gonna install some black, black box, black box, black box in the studio here.
Uh, I don't know what the technology of this really is.
You know, like I say, I don't understand how a lot of this is gonna, you know, take place.
I don't understand how a lot of this happens.
I just know that it won't fail because of me.
.
We all are in this together as a team effort.
We're gonna make it work.
And I don't know how to make it work.
I don't know how to do most of this mission.
But I do know that I can assure you that my piece of it is gonna work.
And it won't fail because of me.
.
Hello, world.
Hello, world.
.
Chaz here.
.
.
ESO Radio broadcasting live from the Pleasure Ships.
.
Oh, yeah.
.
Where you gonna go?
.
Where you gonna go?
.
When the sex goddesses come for you.
.
.
Ball.
Ball.
And it's so beautiful from out here.
It's so pretty.
The earth, it's just that little blue and white little marble hanging there.
Gosh, that's where it all began.
We'll see you.
Goodbye.
Prepare yourself.
You know it's a must.
You've got to have a friend in Jesus.
Friend in Bob.
So you know that when you die.
Bob will recommend you to the spirit in the sky.
Swap.
On radio.
Radio.
Radio.
Failure is not an option.
I've been going further and further backwards in my career as I get better at what I do.
Well, at least you got better and were able to get as far as major market broadcast radio.
You have a good sign of success.
I'm not a great singer.






I would say major disappointment might be the word used, but he is regressing enough to grow an awful lot of body hair.
I mean, I don't know if his voice is getting higher because of the operation.
There was major disappointment and there was General Electric.
Oh, there.
I thought you were going to refer to the guys erection again.
And then there was that girl, Bob.
Bob.
Just like a penguin in bondage, boy.
I know.
On X-Day, Negi will return.
I'll be right back.

us all the greatest tapes that we ever recorded which he has been keeping it praise the league
oh god that's so good migi has been keeping all of our lost recordings in a special uh fault
will all be returned to us on x day oh that's so glorious shayner will get his his eight millimeter
films back oh you know your first show will come back i'll uh actually i never did lose anything
do i get those videos that i erased by accident back as long as you saw them bill things that
that i mean um everything i've ever seen you know that you never got around to looking at uh-huh
even if i've only seen it for a fraction of a second never were taped
that you imagined
doing i'm getting will then be done they will have been done when you want to do a wonderful
new show that show will materialize in your hand as a new program
for that it will need dark since i be a small slosh
and cra miraculous
there was the worst what happened does but he wanted to do all the things that he said
and that she wanted to getム and believe me that's all that i get from this show
Maryland way
so uh
That was from the conspiracy year 1998.
Con version, anyway.
Obviously not the real X-Day.
The background music, what you're hearing now, is by the Rudy Schwartz Project.
This has been Hour of Slack, number 1150.
Praise Bob, and praise K-Rob.
And now, friends, let us go back to the end of the end of 2007's Season in Hell.
What's your game, Bob?
Next week, I'm actually having chiropractors on.
And they're all going to adjust me.
They'll give you a hands-on...
Well, you better have a couple of body mics so they can hear that cracking of the spars and timbers.
That's the idea.
Ship at sea in a storm.
Get some contact mics going in. I think that'd be a great idea.
You have to follow that up with acupuncturists.
Yes, yes.
There you have the sound effect of the whistle of escaping...
Beats.
Gas.
Essence, as the tiny needles...
What a sensation.
You'd have to have a pretty sensitive mic for that, wouldn't you?
Oh, it's a special effect.
Yeah.
Just to pipe in the sound effect.
Last X-Day, remember, we were doing radio from on stage outdoors at this campground.
A spider suddenly was crawling across Dr. Howell's microphone.
Yes.
And we were able to turn it up enough that you could hear his tiny footsteps across the...
Ooh.
Fascinating.
Those mics are sensitive.
And it was an exceptionally large and clumsy spider.
A club-footed thing.
Our final minutes.
Oh, no.
Thank you.
Spiders on microphones here at Pirate Cat Radio.
We're harmed during the making of this radio motion picture.
I'd like to thank Reverend Ivan Stang for coming in this evening.
Say thank you, Stang.
Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye.
Dr. Howell for coming down on a night off.
You're too kind.
Lloyd Mongoloid for stepping in two weeks in a row after a very, very busy show on Saturday nights.
I'm going to be here every week.
Perfect.
I didn't explain that to you.
We'll make sure you get adjusted as well next week.
Puzzling evidence documenting the entire evening.
K-Rob on the aural stimulants.
Oh, my God.
About two more minutes before they literally force us off the air.
Well, I hope the subgenius presentation you've heard tonight hasn't been confusing or off-putting.
Remember, we're always trying to improve our presentation for you and your comfort.
What do you see in the upcoming year for the church?
Well, various hagiographical contributions, canonizations.
We're looking forward to that.



Ascension to higher planes of being and feeling.
And, of course, money flowing in like a tidal wave.
You think this X-Day might be the X-Day?
Well, we always feel that.
Playing at X-Day?
Ooh.
You got 30 seconds to answer.
Go.
Yeah.
Well, I guess it'll be the last show.
Last show.
You'll have to wait.
Show on Planet Earth.
We'll be there to greet the sex guys.
Thanks for tuning in, ladies and gentlemen.
A season hell with John Hell.
See you next week.
Reverend Ivan Stank, Dr. Hell, Lloyd Monga, Lloyd, puzzling evidence, K-Rob.
Thanks, K-Rob.
Thanks, K-Rob.
Sometimes in the night when it does get a little lonely, I reach over and touch it.
Then it doesn't seem so lonely anymore.
