Well, maybe Pete Therese learned something and came back to tell us who it was amongst us we had to look out for.
I know who it is! I know who the monster is!
Who is it, Charlie? Tell us!
I know who it is that doesn't belong among us!
What are you waiting for? Come on!
I swear I know who it is!
Well, come on, Charlie! Come on!
Tell us! It's...
The Snake!
Understand the procedure now. Sit back and watch the pattern.
And this pattern is always the same?
With few variations. They pick the most dangerous enemy they can find.
And it's...
The Self-Genius!
Power of...
Swatch!
And I take it this is not unique?
By no means.
Their world is full of...
Power of...
Swatch!
And we'll...
We'll go from one to the other and destroy their radios.
One to the other.
One to the other.
One to the other.
Man, that has got to be one of the greatest intros for Hour of Slack by Fernand and Andy Lemur ever!
And he's done hundreds of those.
You might look at...
Archive.com
Well, friends, we're doing it just like last show, again.
All new, but all pre-recorded from other people's shows.
With puzzling evidence, Dr. Drummond and Dr. Howell coming later.
But first, it's part two of four from the podcast called...
My Family Thinks I'm Crazy.
And I had a lot of fun with the young weirdos hosting it.
This part starts with me talking about first taking on Jesus in 1990.
And then, in 1994, as business manager of the Church of the Subgenius.
The internet welcomed us with open arms.
And about that time, I got a young partner, Jesus.
Not Jesus from the Bible, but he looks like Jesus.
He is painted with long blonde hair, white man, you know.
He really looked the part.
I started calling him Jesus.
And so he...
So I had Jesus for a partner.
And he got us on...
Using credit cards.
And modernized everything a whole lot.
Then, because of photographs that he and his wife put online,
there was a child custody case where his wife's ex-husband got the child
because of Church of the Subgenius.
This judge just didn't get it.
And their pictures were pretty bad.
They're pink boys.
He was reenacting the station.
And overall, if you see somebody that's really chronic,
you shouldn't necessarily name.
People slash machine words.
But I'd be glad if somebody said,
worked some gigs before.



Well, you know.
It was such a pain in my back.
The first time I was here,
there was the pimp으면.
Was it Chuck上 seguir who's the new housemate
Fucking spaceship.
what part of the northeast they knew how to party and long story short i was i was back at starwood
as the sort of the mascot skeptic and religion and other religious nut preaching about bob
they loved that stuff and i ended up my second wife was i met there and then she ended up running
the festival for several years i helped so i ended up married into the pagan community
it's very strange i got to know quite a few of the people i'd made fun of in in a book an early
book that's out of print now called high weirdness by mail where we explained all the other cults you
could join or at least get free mailings from them you know just send this form letter to these weird
addresses and you'll get something back and it's a great hobby it was how weird it was
we started actually the reason i met philo besides his yellow page ad was that he collected
kook pamphlets and andy was into comic books and he liked captain beefheart now of course that
describes every subgenius now but at the time it was unheard of you know who's captain beefheart
what yeah yeah the great captain beefheart you know i know who is it well he was a very weird
musician
he had he was very influential on people like the residents man church is a subgenius for that
matter he was actually a buddy a high school buddy of frank zappas but his he was even weirder than
zappa and zappa got him his first record deal which is one of the classic albums of all time
but it's really hard to get used to a trout mask replica was the first captain beefheart out captain
beefheart and his magic band but this is a real person yeah yeah well it's a real person yeah well
his real name was don van vliet okay cool yeah there you go there's captain beefhart cool i
thought you you know okay he said he has an amazing singing voice and like i said he was
you guys may have also never heard of the fire sign theater
they were a comedy group that did well they were really radio theater they were about
10 years older than us geniuses and fire sign theater were they were ahead way ahead of their
time they kind of like went there and went ahead and sort of set up that area but they were well we



Monty Python, but they were way before Monty Python. They were inspired by The Goon Show,
which also inspired Python. But we were inspired by the Fireside Theater. And
we didn't expect to be lucky enough to be them, but we did sort of end up carrying the torch.
And that there was a subgenius radio show started up in Berkeley on the KPFA,
one of those hippie Pacifica stations. And that was in 1982, Puzzling Evidence Show started. I
was the first guest. Then Hour of Slack started up in 1985. That was my show. I did a little
station in Dallas until they kicked me off for, believe it or not, for
a
a
, crazy racial reasons.
We just got fired.
But I just started doing it from home. We were already syndicated by then. I was mailing
cassettes to these other stations. And so I started doing this thing from home. And later
on, I ended up moving to Cleveland and was where the station there was, had already been
playing my show for years. And I just started doing the same time slot and worked with some
Cleveland folks. There were, there was a lot of subgenius activity in Cleveland.
A lot more than there ever had been in Texas.
What were you talking about on the show? Were you like preaching to people about Bob or what?
Oh, yeah. A little bit of everything. I mean, we'd, we'd be, we'd preach about Bob. Some we'd
play music often, mostly unreleased music, music by subgeniuses or off weird stuff, you know,
outtakes. So the guys at Devo were our friends. I worked on a couple of their music videos and they
contributed to that. And I just, I just started doing that. And I just started doing that. And I
started to, I started to, I started to do that. And I just started doing that. And I just started

Mark Motherspaugh did music for our little commercial. That's on front page of subgenius.com.
Ivan, I'm Reverend Juan Ayala. Now, can you sign my subgenius pamphlet, please?
I ordered one. Are you able to sign that for me?
Yeah. You only ordered a pamphlet.
I ordered the 44 thing, whatever it was.
Oh, you've got the membership pack.
Yeah. I'm a reverend now.
I already did. They already, they're, they're already signed.
I mean, there's, there's like a letter from me in it and it's, it's, I actually sign each one for real, but it doesn't have.
When did you order it?
Just now.
We were on air like 10, 15 minutes ago.
Oh, just now?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Ivan, I need to tell you something, bro. You're my favorite. You are my favorite guest by far and away, dude. You are great, bro. I loved everything you're saying. This is fantastic.
We're only, we're only just getting started.
I don't trust you.
Don't, don't.
Don't trust anything Chris says.
Sounds suspicious to me.
Reverend, don't.
I'm serious.
Reverend, Reverend, we have him here for comedic purposes. Don't trust anything he says.
Ouch. Ouch. Those are my feelings, bro.
Those are my feelings.
Chris, you know, I love you.
I actually have been, I've done a lot of interviews. When, when we're, our books were being published by Simon & Schuster, they would send copies to radio shows.
You know, they, they could have, they have this huge list of PR stuff.
That they would.
And so I ended up doing a lot of these straight radio things.
Just stupid drive time FM stations.
The, the rock jocks were the worst.
They were the dumbest.
Honest to God.
Those, I just got to where I just dreaded those.
Because the, the, the guys that thought they were real hip.
Jesus Christ, they're so lame.
Every time I ever walked into.
There were times when big stations would go, oh, we heard your little indie show.
Why don't you come in and talk about doing a for real show with us?
Somehow the minute that you started hearing subgenius material played in one of those corporate offices, everyone in the room knew it wasn't going to work.
It's like, no, no advertisers would never put up with.
We're making fun of people's most.
You know, serious things.
And we weren't overtly like putting down Christianity, particularly because hell that was old hat Saturday night live was already doing that.
We were more interested in UFO cults and, you know, the.
Jonestown was the one we used as an exact example.
You know, if Jim Jones could talk 900 people into killing themselves, we can talk 900 people into sending us a dollar.
I love you, man.
You're my.
And it turned out if we if we'd wanted to, we could have talked 900 people into killing themselves.
People are that ready to follow something stupid.
We've had to deprogram our own zombies.
So these these people will.
When when do I get to meet Bob?
How did that make you feel, Ivan, that you had that much power?
My fingers and go look, man, I have to tell you a real hard fact.
Bob, you're never going to meet Bob.
He's dead.
You don't care about me.
And the the dumbest one of all was the richest guy that I ever met.
He was some he had inherited a fortune.
And he thought he was going to meet Bob.
I couldn't believe how dense this guy was.
Over the years, I learned that the.
The rich can afford to be stupid.
And there's nothing more dangerous than a.
A drunk rich man.
Or a woman, I guess that's the most dangerous creature in the world is a super rich person who's really drunk.
So I can do anything they want and somebody else to drive them home.
And I could pay to make it forgotten.
You know, how did that make you feel, Ivan?
That you had that much power?
That's how I know I want it.
It's my turn to get rich.
I, you know, I couldn't agree more with that last statement.
And I do want to know your answer to Juan's question.
But I want to know your thoughts on conspiracy with that last statement we just heard.
I mean, a lot of the conspiracies we look at involve very rich people getting away with very, very bad things.
Well, that's all you need is to be incredibly rich.
You can do just about anything.
The way things are now.
I mean, it's like.
What?
One percent of the people in the country own 90% of the population.
99% of the shit.
Everybody else is.
Sorry.
Pardon my language.
Oh, no, please.
Internet podcast.
Swear away.
See, if I use this on my show, I have to.
I have to.
If I use a clip from it, I have to cut that stuff or bleep it for at least for this.
Only about four real stations now.
But I do have to think about them.
They can get in big trouble for.
Stuff.
This is your syndicated radio show you're talking about.
Yeah.
Well, the hour of slack.
I mean, it's.
It started out as a broadcast radio show on independent, you know, public type stations,
college stations, college radio, basically.
Cool.
And it was running on about 15 different college stations for a while.
But gradually people put listen to the radio.
For one thing, you could at Cleveland State.
I was with the station there for about 15 years.
They couldn't get students to come in and do stuff.










And they had to go out and do shows.
Almost everybody doing shows there were 50 year old alumni, you know, hadn't had been classes years, but they still had their same old shows because nobody else would take the time slots.
It was nuts.
And I now do the show from my desk, basically.
Although every now and then we do phone things.
And every X day we would have quite a few of us together to record a lot.
X days were great.
And we did them up until.
Well, we're going to keep doing them.
But we just lost our venue.
We had the perfect place in Florida.
It was kind of like a hippie nudist semi nudist resort.
But it was really nice.
That's one.
The person who ran it was real cool.
But she's moving.
She's moving it to somewhere else.
So we're going to do it.
We don't have any place to do it this summer.
And.
We came up with great excuses for that.
But Juan lives in Florida.
We've done 25 of these outdoor events that have had bands and people doing like live radio show type things.
But mostly it was standing around on the road talking.
Subgenius is meet each other.
They a lot of them would only see each other once a year, a couple of times a year.
But they were special friends, you know.
So it was a what Philo and I didn't expect would turn into such a social thing.
The number of subgenius Facebook pages is too damn high.
There's so many of them.
I can't keep track of them.
Right.
It seems like this is the most infamous anti cult because like you said, you're literally deprogramming your zombies.
What kind of feeling did that give you?
You're realizing you had such power and you really weren't looking for it.
It's like if only we could keep a straight face.
If only if only I didn't smile when I was saying this.
We've got to be like L. Ron Hubbard by now.
Oh, for real, dude.
You have the boat.
Yeah, I got the yacht.
I got the sailors hat.
You got to tighten it up.
I mean, man, you got to be real serious with this, bro, because people can you know, we want to help you, man.
I'm in bro.
I'm down.
Can I be in?
44 bucks.
We're about to go into a, well, I can't talk too much about this, but we're, we are, I think we're going to be entering a phase two soon.
I love it.
That's going to be a little different, but does that involve, and it might actually make some real money now.
Ironically, I'm sitting where I'm sitting right now is a big house in the middle of the woods on a, on a ranch property in Burlington.
rural Texas.
So it's almost like we've got the perfect place for the cult compound.
But the problem is, I mean, I just don't like minions.
So this next day is going to be a series of parties, local parties.
Like I'll invite my friends that I know that are from around, you know,
this Texas, Arkansas,
and maybe a guy up in upstate New York will throw a big party there.
Maybe they'll do some at the pagan campground that we used to use in Ohio.
I was in Ohio for about 20 years, but now I'm back in Texas for good,
but not Dallas.
It's a goat ranch.
I didn't really know much about the subgenius and started looking into it.
And I love the ideology.
I can get behind the system, all that, you know, and be your own person,
do your own thing, find your own slack.
I love that because that's what we talk about.
And it's amazing.
It has inspired lots of people to, in fact, repent,
quit their jobs and slack off.
Sometimes they have to get another job, but it's almost always a better job.
You know, that's what happens when you quit your job.
You get a better job usually.
So that's exactly what happened to me.
And I did.
I quit my job for the man.
And now I have this justice job for Bob.
But unfortunately, that means I'm always at work.
You know, my bedroom's just down the hallway there.
So I have to give myself permission to, you know,
knock off work and go watch Rick and Morty or whatever.
Living for Bob out here.
Living for Bob.
I love this, bro.
This is incredible, dude.
It really is.
But you love what you're doing, Ivan, right?
And I mean, as you,
the thing that I like about you is that you told people like, listen,
we came up with this.
We're going to do this.
We're going to do this.








Why are you taking it so serious?
Because people take their life too seriously sometimes.
Well, you know, we actually didn't do that until that movie.
Oh, really?
I stayed in character for years and years.
And a couple of things happened.
Somebody outed me on Facebook.
And suddenly I was Doug Smith instead of Ivan Stang.
And I kind of like being Doug Smith again.
It wasn't new and different.
And I'd still be Ivan Stang, you know.
But screw Facebook anyway.
Remember my, the secret hierarchy, we use Telegram,
but we have our special tiny news group of like six people.
A little insider secret there.
We use Telegram too.
All the, all the original, you might say there was about a dozen, maybe 15,
20 really people who are really contributing heavily in the eighties and almost
all of them are still alive.
A couple of them hate, hate subgenius now.
It's too bad because they, one guy, two guys that hate subgenius have the biggest
Dobbs heads you've ever seen tattooed on their back.
Or one guy has one of those takes up his whole arm and he just hates it now.
Dumbasses.
Anyway.
Yeah.
But, but, uh, most of us are still alive.



We're still, still friends and they almost all of them were in that movie.
Do you think that's a testament to living your life cultivating slack?
I think, you know, there's, you know, proven scientific data that shows in certain cultures.
There's a, you know, correlation there, but what do you think within this small sort of
subculture with a slack playing into people's mental health as much as I hate using that term?
Well, I think a sense of humor is a healthy thing to have.
Yeah.
In this day and age, they can't look at the people that don't have a sense of humor.
They're really look bad that all the time.
And they're usually morbidly obese and God full of anger.
Of course, that's what the internet turned into.
Just an anger feeder.
It's such a shame.
You know, it was great when only smart people knew about it and subgenius smart people and
also subgenius.
But then, you know, then pretty soon everybody's grandma was on the internet and all the girls
that had been topless at X day made us take their pictures down all their, all their naked
pictures.
What's the motto Ivan.
If they can't take a joke, fuck them.
Is that how it goes?
That's the only, the only real rule in the church is fuck them.
If they can't take a joke or if you're, if there's, if there's children in the audience,
you can say, if they can't not see the humor.
Uh,
let them mount up upon themselves.
That's the polite, the radio, the broadcast radio before 11 o'clock version.
The term you use for weed kind of reminds me of what the monkeys called cannabis on their old TV show.
Is there any correlation there?
Any connection to the monkeys?
What did they call it?
I think they called it frop or froth or something along those lines.
No, no prop was strictly from us.
Okay.
The monkeys did have a song called Bob Dabalina calling Bob Dabalina.
Totally by coincidence.
I didn't really remember that song.
Although technically I first record album.
It wasn't a movie soundtrack I've ever bought was some monkey sound.
Bob's a real person.
What did Bob Alina on it?
But that wasn't where his name came from.
I think it was a movie soundtrack.

That was something somebody else pointed out later.
You know, there's a lot of things like that.
It's just like, wow, he's a bobsman at this moment.
Do you think anybody else smoked a fro for the first time and was trans
mitted to a cave in Tibet?
Well, finally says that's how it started for him.
So not just you, other others have had this standard, uh, all the early hierarchy where
we're higher up that way.

acknowledge that Warチ amiga came in the first place.
So like a gang jumping
you notice we
that's right.
We have to use the special pillows with the little hole in
am tahu
rights and stuff.
So if I buy in right at $29, I'm a Deacon, right?
If I buy into yeah, there's a, there's a, you here,
I'll pull out one of these doctorates in your, in your marvelous Pac.
It's these.
wow i didn't know they were so hard to take apart
kind of looks like an older bob right
ivan are you bob are you kidding no bob kind of looks like ward cleaver
like bob yeah this thing here shows the or the high epops that's what bob is it doesn't really
give a price says please inquire okay you'd be an over man for a hundred thousand bucks
an x-man for ten thousand i'm more of an x-man high pope of the unpredictable five grand supreme
supervisor for a thousand bucks we actually had a few supreme supervisors that's a deal that's a
steel a plastic card was that four man 25 bucks drone man 10 bucks high priest of the repeater
ship six bucks for one dollar you could be a
whiz master whiz master so these are signed by bob with a well it's printed yeah and even even
it has my signature and philo's signature but they were actually rubber stamps they're printed
versions of rubber stamps of our signatures so i've been double cheating there how much
do you think bob has had his hand in all of these
ancient
religions because if we look back we have these right you had a psychedelic experience where bob
revealed himself you have helena bovatsky talking about the ascended masters yeah is bob an ascended
master is he some well there bob himself is is only about 88 years old as we figure it but
they've always been bobs and of course we also we let's face it i mean we we created a monster
from the spirit of the spirit of the spirit of the spirit of the spirit of the spirit of the spirit
right while cigarette
one all some outside
Bob that started all those religions, but the alien that calls itself Jehovah one.
Right.
It has masqueraded as a God.
It's a retarded alien from the, it's an excess actually from planet X, but it's a kind of
a differently abled one.
And he it's lived on earth for thousands and thousands of years.
It started the Zoroastrians and of course the Hebrews and the, the real, a lot of the
Roman stuff is, is based on Wotan is another name, Odin, so forth.
Now, uh, they're all the same monster.
It's all big, invisible space monster in the sky, but it is a monster.
Now, right.
It's definitely a monster.
Has this been, has this been brought up before?
I've seen.
I've seen a group going by the name pasta fairians.
Are those guys just copying the church of the subgenius?
Is there a beef between the, the, you two?
Oh, no, no, not at all.
They were, they were, well, you know, they were started as kind of a protest against
something, you know, it's like the flying spaghetti monster.
Yeah.
The flying, I mean, they did some guy just decide, okay, my religion is the flying spaghetti
monster.
I'm going to stick with it.
I think he was at the DM.
Yeah.


And it was, you know, a lot of people picked up on it and they've, you know, they've been
going strong.
They're probably, they may be better known to the normal world at large than, than church
of the subgenius is, but you know, they came along a lot later and we were preceded by
the discord.
So discord thing was started in the fifties.
I didn't actually see their material until we'd already done the first one.
I thought it was part of the Illuminatus thing.
But the first time I saw it, the discordian things, my first thought was, oh no, everybody's
going to think we copied them.
That happened when Devo's first album came out and it had this, this face on the cover
that looked kind of Bob, like it was actually Chi Chi Rodriguez, the golfer.
But they, they suddenly people, you know, we were afraid that, that oftentimes we came
first, but people got mixed up.
There's a talking heads or David Byrne song called puzzling evidence.
Well, when he made his movie true stories, he was going to have a subgenius D Bible scene
in it with, and that was some song that was going to be in it.
And I was supposed to do the collage image projections and our Pope David Meyer was going
to be the preacher.
But as soon as Hollywood money came in suddenly, oh, we didn't have enough of a truck.




And they had to change it all.
But so, but they still had that song, puzzling evidence.
And there's a lot of similarity subgenius in that scene because it was supposed to be
us originally.
And he was shooting, he shot that thing in the Dallas area too.
But to that, that wasn't, I mean, I understand how that, how that works when suddenly somebody
else's foot in the bill, like they really get to call the shots and who gets fired.
And it wasn't us.
Speaker 2.
You step fighting.
Speaker 3.
I think you would been, you had sort of asked that question.
But yeah, it's kind oftechnological.
I will, but before that, as it were, some of the things were in the, I think that later
clear, say, the, I should call this not in the first place, but it is in the jakbyactic
or ultimately a micro-technological detail.
I don't know, not not only that, but there was a T or two moves to cool but five golden

Israel see that hologram looks like this as a, as a hit era films.
SAM NAPOLITANO👍
I can't even believe it.
Sam, no, no one's going to get up sign up your hands and ask you to do that.


in 1998 and called the campground.
The sheriff actually called the sheriff at this little town
where our events were held back then in upstate New York,
western New York.
And the sheriff listened to this guy go, oh, subgeniuses,
oh, they're going to kill themselves.
Okay.
He immediately called the campground owner and goes,
Frank, you're not going to believe this, folks.
The FBI is so stupid.
They thought the subgeniuses were for real.
At the same time, though, I mean, we are for real.
There's thousands and thousands of ministers out there.
I really don't know how so many have disappeared,
but I would say at least 40,000 people have sent us that have actually
sent the 35 bucks or whatever we were charging.
And this is a good amount.
For a long time, it was like three a day.
It's more like two a day now.
Some years it was six a day, people joining up.
And I could fetch up a number in the thousands on my email easily.
But.
I've been, you seeing some nice checks or what was going down, bro.
You getting paid?
Oh, I make my, I've made my living doing this for years now.
I love that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm getting, I'm getting paid.
Um, now the house I lived at, this is more, was my, I didn't expect this to
happen, but I've ended up living in my late parents' house in the middle of a
goat ranch.
My brother raises goats.
In fact, yesterday.
Yeah.
Standing next to a mound of composted goat taller than me.
Shut up filling pots for my garden.
You eat curry goat.
You ever eat that curry goat?
No, no, I would Hannibal.
I can't.
I don't, we don't eat goat here.
We, we don't like to think about what happens to the goats after they.
Right.
You're tripping that curry goat is the best dish known to man.
My man.
Maybe, maybe I tried, I tried goat once in, at a restaurant in Portugal, but I
didn't like the way it was prepared.
Yeah.
And I had Cabrito.
There's a place here in town that serves goat, but didn't, didn't taste any
different than, I mean, I couldn't really taste it that much.
And I felt kind of guilty.
I don't raise the goats.
My brother does, but you know, you get.
I've been, would you have done anything differently from when you
started all these years ago?
Would you have done anything differently when you were starting this, you know,
religion, if you will,
not that I can talk about.
And they don't have anything to do with the religion.
Interesting.
Thanks.
My family thinks I'm crazy podcast.
And now from the puzzling evidence show on KPFA Berkeley in the year of 2013,
Dr. Drummond, Dr.
Howell and Dee Woodman Atwell telling the truth about Hedy Lamarr.
Yes.
The movie star Hedy Lamarr.
To be mixed later with the movie star, Hedy Lamarr.


And now with ask Dr.
Howell clips with Michael Pepe, Ed Holmes and Rusty Rebar.
But now Hedy.
Yeah.
We don't have time tonight to cover all of these subjects.
How about Hedy Lamarr?
Yeah.
There's a cell phone.
Cell phones.
Yeah.
Well, cell phone tower concept anyway.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Part one link in the chain of things.
But a number of things.
Yeah.
She, she was not shooting.
She was inventing.
Yeah.
That's so cool.
That's amazing.
The world's.
Any girl can be glamorous.
All you have to do is stand still and look stupid.
The vanished years return.
That was a Hedy Lamarr quote.
The earth, thus like a snake, renew her winter weeds out warm.
But actually she invented stuff during the second world war.
Hedy Lamarr, who also appeared in the nude in Gustav Machete's, uh, movie.






















Astonishing film, Ecstasy.
The sensation of pre-war Europe.
After she came to Hollywood, she starred with Bob Hope in a series of disgusting comedies.
No, I actually, I'm not sure that.
No, that's not true.
Oh, okay.
Good.
Thank God.
Well, she was pretty, she was very, uh, very.
How about Samson and Delilah?
Wasn't she Delilah?
Yes, she was Delilah.
She was delightful.
Delilah, delightful.
You know, she was delightful.


Yeah.
Or Nancy Kovac dancing in Jason and the audience.
She was the inventor of frequency hopping.
That's what it was.
Is that like the Lindy Hopping?
Hedy Lamarr's.
More frequent.
That was the precursor to cell phone towers being able to drive between them and frequency
hopping.
Yeah, she quit school at age 16 and got a job working for director Max Reinhardt.
That's right.
Originally her name was, uh, Heidi Keisler.
Oh, yeah.
But in Hollywood she became Hedy Lamarr.
Ecstasy was a Czech film.
That's a Czech, as in Czechoslovakian.
It was not a chick flick.
The young men liked it though.
And, uh, then her husband attempted to buy up all prints of the embarrassing film which
owed his wife making love and have them destroyed.
In this he was unsuccessful.
And film can probably be done.
It can be seen today on the internet.
I haven't looked.
Everything can.
When she was 20 she married a man 30 years her senior who was an arms merchant selling
munitions to Germany.
Yes, he sold, uh, uh, munitions for the coming war.
And he was the one who attempted to make that purchase.
Yeah, he was pretty dominant.
She had to escape by drugging her maid.
Hedy knew.
Bores and guns and cash.


She had to buy all the calibers of projectiles and all of it and synthesized it into valuable
technology used in the submarine warfare which characterized the second world war,
particularly its early years.
Neither she nor Antheil were scientists but one afternoon she realized, we're talking
and changing frequencies all the time.
At that moment the concept of frequency hopping was born.
I understand you know I think.

I understand.
They used a player piano was the, uh, using a modified player piano roll in both the torpedo
and the transmitter the changing frequencies could also be in sync.
A constantly changing frequency cannot be jammed.
Everything but the kitchen sink.
So he, his concepts came from the player piano.
Her concepts came from the, the, the weaponry machinery which you've become familiar with.
So what a great, uh, great marriage there.
Yeah.
And now let's continue with the last of the Ask Dr. Howe show live on Puzzling Evidence.
Radio featuring Pete Goldie, Rusty Rebar, Michael Pepe and Puzzling Evidence.
I'm Dr. Howland Howell.
It feels really good to be back from the break, Reverend Howe.
The brink you saying?
No, the break.
Oh, the break.
Yeah, right, the break.
That break that we had was such a long and...
Yeah, you don't gotta put the breaks on sometimes.
Yeah, you don't gotta put the breaks on sometimes.
Uh, uh...
All right, all right, simmer down.
Now look, uh...
We're all back now.
We all ran away for a while.
Well then, stand up for yourself.
Be proactive.
Shoulders back.
Thumbs along the seams of the crowd.
And, and what are the, you mean to say costumed superheroes are given awards for their costumes?
They're given awards for something or other.
Uh, I just work there.
I don't know exactly what it is.
Yeah, that's right, Michael.
They're just superheroes.
I don't know exactly what it is.

I had read it out and I...
I was thinking they're like the L.A. guys, you know?
Then I award, there's a guy dressed like, uh, Gumby.
You know, I give him an award...
Well they're not gonna get an award for saving the planet.
They're saving the planet.
No, nobody's doing that.
Because they didn't do it.
Yeah, all they did was put a costume on.
In fact, they are harming the planet by an increased signature...

I don't think they should give anymore awards.
...and destroying the tranquility with the endless throbbing music that you thought you
escaped by not being at Burning Man.
And now it's back and it's coming at you from every direction.
Wow.
Then.
Why wasn't I there?
Prepare for subliminal puzzling evidence.
Radio program.
Information burst.
Squirt.
You see, on this show, you're always in an action-packed movie.
Things happen.
Thank you.
Now return to your scheduled programming.
And you're listening to the Ask Dr. Halfer.
Live on radio.
Well, there is no Soviet Union anymore, so we've vanquished them.
Thanks.
All right.
You see, on this show, you're always in an action-packed movie.
And there's always parking.
Anything could happen.
There's always parking.
It would be interesting to have some kind of puzzling evidence.
Show, and this was offered as a gag.
Right.
And now reality, once again, has caught up to what was.
A silly jade back then, just a few short years ago.
Very few short years.
And I couldn't believe it when I saw it.
I mean, but apparently they do pay attention.
I'm sure a lot of humans would like the puzzling evidence.
Channel one, too, because it's unthreatening and, you know, cute and everything.
And I don't think they're necessarily the pampered ones in that, if you think of it,
it's just a channel, I suppose.
Yes.
How much does it change?
What does a channel cost for a month to rent?
A dollar a month or, I don't know.
Well, and what you require is what we call an adapter in the radio business.
Yeah, they're...
You want both channels, do you?
Yeah.
I'll ask the front office about that.
Perhaps we'll see if in time that may be granted.
Can I call customer service?
She doesn't even have the number of this...
Maybe...
Yeah, now you've got one that...
Let's call someone from...
Your hearing is important to us.
We...
Please stand by.
We can take phone calls here at the Ask Dr.
Hal show, but on the other hand, they're mostly more trouble than they're worth and
interrupt the flow of show.
That's one of the things a great show does is deals with the technical problems without
necessarily talking about it.
You mean this next weekend?
Like the U.S. government, we will function after a nuclear war or a mere earthquake.
Oh, this is good.
This is also...
We have given our pledge, our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor, and we are coordinated
with the North American...
The North American Civil Defense Council.
...the North American Civil Defense Council.
Press it hard.
Push it in all the way.
Yes, push it hard, Peppy.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
And the little switch on there, she adjusts it in your ears to the way you like it just
to perfect.
Now, you've done it, right?
Performed this incredibly arduous and difficult operation?
The Witch of Kuros by Robert...
And this is, of course, going out over the air.
You can see this, folks.
I usually plug the Ask Dr. Hal show.
But my...
You can see this live version.
Yes.
Live on radio.
At the Darkroom Theater on Mission Street.
Indeed.
Yes, our mission is educational at the Darkroom Theater.
I misspoke.
So you can do something else cool on Saturday night and still come.
You'll receive a better listen than the folks back home get, although that, of course, is
optimal, if possible.
Yes.
Well...
Anyway, now we can relax, settle back, and enjoy.
But there...
Enjoy our discussion.
Where's the Preacher presentation?
Well, the problem is that...
Now they're ruining the...
Puzzling evidence.
They've made it a TV show, but it's all pulp.
I don't think you can ruin it.
You can...
I've seen two...
...conversify it.
I've seen two episodes of the TV show.
And your opinion?
The first one, barely adequate.
The second one, a terrible disappointment.
So it doesn't really fit that much into the puzzling evidence world.
It almost got it.
It's sort of like a sputtering engine that...





It doesn't start.
Yeah.
I'm surprised.
Maybe they should have done what they did with everything else and start with a movie
and then see if it works.
No, I think they gave away all their story the first episode and everyone went, okay.
Well, they had a lot of trouble a while back when Loki burst out of Asgard, but I think
they've got that under control now.
Oh.
But that's all been covered up.
That's a different movie?
They've covered all that up.
Oh, the CIA?
It's called The Avengers.
It's what happened in the movie.
It's a movie about a man in New York.
You don't remember it, do you?
I've got to see these.
Yes, they gave you a memory dusting so you wouldn't remember it.

It would be inconvenient.
I know.
I remember taking a test and I couldn't remember anything.
Then Anne said I could go.
Well, at least you got the free show popcorn.
Free to go.
Yeah, I got the popcorn and I didn't jump out of the window, so...
Right.
Not this time, but...
I had mine.
Did you have yours?
All right.
Vanessa, I've been causing you...
We have been having you.
Yes, we have been.




Then you gave me the sweetest photo of you, so I knew what you were doing.


And so do all our brethren.
My brother had to take some of the CIA LSD tests, you know.
My very own brother who went to Vietnam came back in one piece, because he went before
the escalation, had to take in Boston.
Some tests that the CIA ordered him to take where they put him in a locked, empty room
and gave him LSD and looked at him through a one-way mirror.
That's difficult.
That's the most unfun way to take LSD.
Exactly.
And that's why he had a chair and a table.
Well, there's not much you can do with it.
It's a psychedelic chair and table.
Yeah, I can't imagine.
I've tried several times to really get the full story, and I can't get many details.
I don't think he remembers much.
Come sit down beside me and hear my sad story.
I think they paid him $25, he said, something like that.
I've got to find out, though, because I can't imagine how horrible that might be.
Well, you put up with a lot in the service, I understand.
Yeah.
Holy smoke.
You can just experiment on me.
I'm just a guinea pig.
I think it was a volunteer thing, though.
Well, yeah.
Yeah, I think it was.
I think he held his hand out.
And he got paid.
Yeah.
They paid him.
Yeah.
Speaking of guinea pigs, call in right now.
You know, we'll pay you.
All right.
All right.
All right.





Well, that was a joke.
NSA people.
Oh.
Whoa.
Star 413 headed northeast.
What, did you stop for drive-thru?
No, which I'm unable to.
It's over in the sun.
Make sure you're hidden in a little drawer under a bath.
Let me take you down.
Okay, you said you want me to turn Michael Pepe off?
Well, not at the present time, but we did want the puzzling evidence to be stopped down
because everyone is somewhat burdened by the repetition.
The things like that, just because they're so dumb, are extraordinarily different to pull off in any way that can be aesthetically satisfying.
But so many people have tried lately that there are some of those that are quite creditable in what they do.
And the TV show didn't really have the fire.
Survivors show up.
He's still got something like that.
Yeah, he was there, fortunately.
But I'm not here.
Yeah.
And of course, the.
Uh.

And, uh, and that's it.
I think they go to that place where the soldier heaves the cannon in the bronze statue.
Doesn't he feel well?
Or is it the one?
Or is he?
Is he the one?
He's trying to think now.
No, he's steering the ship of state, perhaps.
Well, he is.
And, you know, because Ed Holmes has the St.
Stupid celebration there every year.
It's not just St.
Stupid.
But everyone who crosses the line has to undergo a humiliating ritual at sea.
You have heard of it, no doubt.
Where one pays a call to the court of King Neptune and his tormenting, uh, myrmidons.
Really?
I didn't know it was a one-way trip.
You didn't know if you're a sailor, you go over the line, they're going to paint your ass blue and make you do all sorts of, uh, things far worse than any fraternity initiation.
Yeah.
Certainly an ancient tradition of the sea.
Yes, indeed.
Well, what do you.
Remember what.
Old salty dog like you ought to remember a shipmate, eh?
Considering the voyages we went on.
You do remember some of those, right?
Well, which voyages?
The ones that we went on.
You and I.
Oh, of course.
You surely remember the one that ended in a slapping contest where you and the girl were slapping each other's face.
At first playfully and then less so.
Aboard our ship.
You remember that one?
She was confined to a wheel.
Her and Hedy Lamarr.
Yeah, there's a few actresses you can look at.
Just go.
Well, you know, we were talking about Hedy on the Puzzling Evidence show this morning.
You ought to get a radio station show or something.
And her many accomplishments.
No, she'll be white, but then the next one will be.
It will be the Puzzling Evidence show.
And we're on the next one now.
Red Fox.
Evidence show.
And there it is.
Wow, power levels on the red here.
And just like that.
Okay, that's fine.
Just like that.
And the show has begun.
We're in the middle of the night again.
We're kind of, we're kind of.
Who does this stuff?
It's crazy or something.
What is that weird noise?
That's the sound of a spaceship.
Throttling its control mechanisms.
Slightly.
Just enough to stay in orbit.
Hmm.
Somewhere in that connection is that white noise.
But it's, it's so comforting.
Oh, the white noise.
I thought you were talking about the pink noise.
Or the blue noise.
Good morning.
Fantastic.
Yes.
Fantastic.
That's fantabulous.
I had a statistics professor that used to use that term a lot.
Fantabulous.
Spooktacular.
Fantastic.
He would say fantastic as well.
Generally, while he was moving his ponderous bulk across the bay chalk tray on the blackboard,
dragging it around the blackboard, he would say, I'm going to be a fantastic.


Dragging the chalk and the, and the erasers and whatever else might be on that chalk tray,
dragging it off and knocking it onto the floor.
As he moved his way across the massively long formula he was riding on the, on the wall
there, just to prove, just to prove things.
He was always saying, this is proof.
And then he would write a long, long, long formula.
That we were expected to write down and remember.
Well not remember.
Put you to sleep too.
Hey, wake up over there, buddy.
You can't do that on the puzzling evidence show.
What do you think you are?
Are you doc, Dr. Howe?
Dr. Howe?
Where's Dr. Howe?
He's on the show.
He's on the show.
He's sleeping on the show.
That's what he does.
He's right there.
So, you've got Dr. Howe hooked up to the show and that's what we get tonight.
Yep.
He's just going to sleep here.
He's just hooked up to the show electronically.
Yeah.
Because of the BART strike?
Right.
So BART put wifi over the entire city to make up for the strike.
He's afraid.
And he's afraid.
He's afraid.
Because it's nighttime.
BART's put the fear in a lot of people.
It has.
And they don't know what they're going to do now.
And they're looking out the window now, lonely and afraid.
And they're eating cold toast with no butter.
Right.
And they're gathering at the BART station, but there's nobody there.
They're just going to stand out front.
Standing with their little cards out.
Just with their card out.
They'll have their arm in the air as if they're hanging from a strap, looking at their iPhone,
hoping and wishing that somehow through that symbolic action, they will suddenly appear
at their place of employment.
If I just emulate how I'm supposed to be, I'm going to be a part of the world.
I'm going to be a part of the world.



I'm going to be a part of the world.


And that's what I'm going to be when I'm riding the BART.
Maybe that will transcend me into a plane of transitional movement in my mind, unconsciously
expand my molecular.
You're starting to sound like a, quote me Bob, 14, justification 214.
Well, whatever it is that you need to quote to justify is something we need this morning.
We need your quotes.
Because your quotes are so fast.
Quotes are like money to us.
We use them.
We make money off of them.
We say that we said them.
And we tweet them.
We tweet them out there.
So send us your quotes so that we can say that we did it and tweet it.
We'll just tweet the heck out of your quotes.
And we give all the money to KPFA.
Sure.
And we give the other half to Bart.
We give money to Bart and we don't even write Bart.
That's right.
Because we want to help the people just like Bart wants to help the people.
Help the people get to work.
But not too much.
I mean, we'll only have so much to help the people.
Yeah, I don't want them to do too much work.
I don't want them to have to work so hard that they don't feel like they're not compensated properly.
And feel like they don't want to help the people.
That'd be a bummer.
Not the issue.

Not having people that are supposed to help the people not want to help the people.
Yeah.
Especially when all the people want to do is get to work.
They just want to work.
Just like the Bart people want to work.
They just want to work for more money just like everybody else.
Just like Michael Pepe.
Just like me.
I like to work less for more money, though.
It's a little bit of a twist that I put on it.
Work less for more money.
Work less for more money.
That's my slogan.
Yeah, yeah.
I agree.
Work less and less for more and more.
Less and less for more and more.
That's a good slogan, I think.
Yeah.
Especially for 10 minutes till 4 in the morning.
Yeah, if that's where you are.
You should not be working.
And you're thinking, yeah, it's 4 in the morning.
Less work, more money.
And if you're working right now at 4 in the morning, I would implore you just to sit down.
And don't do anything for the next 5 minutes while you're on the clock.
Tell them I told you that.
Say, that guy on the radio told me to do that.
When he says, when your boss says, hey, how come you're just sitting around?
You're supposed to be screwing that nut on that bolt.
How come you're not doing your job?
Because that guy on the radio told me not to for 5 minutes.
That's what you should say.
And he'll go, oh, okay, I got you.
All right.
Well, hang in there.
Thanks for being honest.
And obey your radio.
Obey your radio.
Always do what the radio says.
Especially the puzzling evidence show radio show.
Where we say show in the title at least twice, maybe sometimes thrice.
Yeah.
Just so people understand, don't get confused and drive off into the barge of the column that holds up the barge train.
Because that would make things even more confusing.
Even worse.
Or not only that, they might even drive onto the barge track thinking they're a barge train and try to start carrying people.
Yeah.
Come on, everybody.
Let's oops.
Yeah.
What a nightmare.
They'll just drive their bus onto the barge track.
Their home, their RV.
They'll drive their RV onto the barge track.
Because people always try to help.
People try to help.
And they try to improvise where they can.
And what a barge, an RV is a lot like a barge train if it's on the track.
That's the important distinction there.
It's got to be on the track.
And the rims would send up lots of sparks.
It would be really pretty and really helpful.
It would be great and helpful.
And the people on the barge that are on the barge track.
They would understand.
That are waiting for the barge train that's never come.
They'll be so happy.
Because they're going to be hungry and they're trying to get some food.
They want to get some food they can put on their people.
On their people.
Yeah.
And they would say, look, everybody, the barge is coming.
I can get food on my people.
I can get food on, put some food on my people.
I'm trying to then.
I've been trying to put food on my people and Bart won't help me.
But now they do.
And I'm glad.
Bart is helping.
I'm glad.
Yes, we are all glad that Bart is helping.
And you are helping Bart by driving on the tracks.
And putting food on the people.
Yep.
Because people with food on them is good.
They would ride the Bart if you're driving on the tracks in your RV.
Because they would trust you.
They would say, thank you, substitute Bart.
And they'd say, good morning, sir.
Where's my dog?
We're happy.
We're happy that we don't have to stand out front wishing and hoping that Bart was open.
We're happy that you've taken up the slack.
You've actually, you know, done some improvising here.
You've been thinking outside the box.
You've been thinking outside the circle too.
Been thinking outside somewhere that we can't even put a description on.
Been thinking outside the amorphous.
Unnamed area.
And there you said, good morning, too many times.
Way too many times.
Really?
Is that what happened?
Yeah, but the important thing is, we support you.
Whoever you are.
And whatever your endeavor is.
You got the support and the, well, not the endorsement.
We can't actually give you an endorsement.
You'd have to pay us a lot of money to do that.
And we can't take money or talk about taking money or even things that have a cost.
Beyond currency, we cannot go.
Yeah.
We would just rather think about nut bits.
We're going to start charging nut bits.
Or nut nuts.
Bit nuts.
What nut, what, gubnets?
Guvments?
20 guvments of slack is how much we're going to charge.
Yeah.
We're going to charge 20 guvments of slack.
Can you pay your 20 guvments of slack?
It's a lot.
I know it's a lot to ask.
I wouldn't ask it if I didn't think you could do it, though.
If you didn't think you had it in you to reach down to the bottom of your bootstraps and
pull yourself up by your own petards, standing in the air like that, hoisting yourself.
Hoist away, I say.
The Puzzling Evidence Show is here to help.
We'll hold those petards.
We'll hold them.












No, they won't hear you.
We'll tour the air.
Just go by .
No time to waste.
I'll get their nênub
保thol
He's going to come down.
Oh!
We're going through the corners.
There we go.
1, 2.

There with.
Why, it's 4 a.m.
On the Puzzling Evidence Show.
