Most young people will continue through life as normal, responsible citizens.
Others, the shunted and unloved, the unguided, the seekers of thrills and kicks, are candidates
for the slave world of lifelong...
How does it happen?
Where does it start?
What are the signs?
The pattern is generally the same.
Bob?
Take a lack of responsibility, the inability to make right choices, add to it ignorance
and indifference, and top it off with a desire for escapism and kicks.
The sum total is then...
The subgenius power of SWAT.
This is the real action.
This is the test.
The time to separate the man from the boy.
Dual power, individuality, character are slipping down the drain.
In their place comes Bob.
Don't be chicken.
Move along.
whip the ass who's dead, but who's brave.

Unselectable.
McJoe and Tomaki, they wait in line to hide this enjoy capital where as UNO....

That's what you are.
Look out for that boy.
Bread and milk, whoa.
Can't win by far
Everything we've seen
When it comes to you
Only means
That you haven't got a clue
Never before
Has someone been wrong
Unelectable
In every way
And you won't get in
Election day
In all the polls you're playing
Quite undetectable
Dropping out now
Would not be regrettable
You are such
An incredible fool
Who am I?
Why am I here?
I went to a number of women's groups and said,
Can you help us find folks?
And they brought us whole binders full of women.
I served in the United States Congress.
I took the initiative in creating the internet.
I would bomb the shit out of them.
You know something?
Not only are we going to New Hampshire, Tom Harkin,
We're going to South Carolina, and Oklahoma, and Arizona, and North Dakota, and New Mexico.
We're going to California, and Texas, and New York.
And we're going to South Dakota, and Oregon, and Washington, and Michigan.
And then we're going to Washington, D.C. to take back the world.
We're going to White House.
Please clap.
Un-electable
In every way
And you just won't win
Election day
Your stupid words are quite indefensible
And all your deeds beyond reprehensible
It's quite fair, you're a most incredible tool
Here's a setup of a real hospital
This is your stalemate
It ain't just your name
And there are more to it
And if you least hope for
We won't go away
subgenius or subgeniously types of radio shows for decades now. Thank you, Phineas Narco of
NationalCynical.com. Okay, friends, so last July at the Starwood Festival in Southern Ohio,
which is quite a bit larger than our X-Day drills, though held at the same place, we had two
two subgenius devivals. One on the main stage at prime time, which we played last week, and the one
I'm about to play, which was held on a Friday midnight in the Puffer Dome. Now, let me describe
the scene a bit here, because it's unusual even for a hippie type music and consciousness or
whatever festival. The Puffer Dome is a portable giant balloon, basically. It's a
huge half dome of thick but somewhat translucent fabric that's kept inflated by a loud exterior
air pump. I had to filter this audio heavily to reduce that air noise. The dome will hold
a whole band and an audience with room for dancers to contort or whatnot, and it's also a
great venue for projecting videos in, partly because at night,
the video is being projected from both inside and outside the dome, but especially because the
videos are being projected by a professional team from New York called Waking Dream. These folks are
video artists who really know their stuff when it comes to wildly psychedelic 360-degree projections
that cover the entire surface of the dome due to the many synchronized projectors going through
one fancy software system.
Our old buddy in Waking Dream is Reverend James Barnes, and we've been wanting to do a show together in the Puffer Dome for some time, and we finally did.
Now, you'll just have to imagine the projections, although you can sort of see them by looking at our DVDs of trippies of genius music videos, let's call them,
most of which are on YouTube in 10-minute chunks on my YouTube channel, RevStag. One word, RevStag.
However, no one's previously seen them in this situation, where the morphing, mutating Dobbs heads and other imagery were splattered all over the entirety of the dome, including the very top, glooping and dripping.
The fact that some people in the audience may have been a little extra
enhanced by a beer or other things probably made the projections even more interesting.
So, I hope this wasn't too much of a you-had-to-have-been-there thing, but here's pretty much the whole Puffer Dome revival recorded.
The music is maybe too loud in the first three or four minutes, but then it calms down.
The music is maybe too loud in the first three or four minutes, but then it calms down.
The music is maybe too loud in the first three or four minutes, but then it calms down.
Hello, hello.
Test, test.
Test.
Testing, testing.
Am I here?
Where am I?
What the fuck happened?
The last time I remember, I was in elementary school trying marijuana for the first time.
What the hell happened?
Who are these people?
Who are you?
I'm a murderer.
I'm a murderer.






I'm a murderer.





Elementary school trying marijuana for the first time just a minute ago.
I did not know what was going on.
This makes perfect sense in the Twilight Zone.
Oh, now I remember.
Now I remember it's that church in the front of the music thing.
I recognize that guy if there's a pipe anywhere.
Oh, now I remember.
I'm careful not to look up, because that makes me want to fall down.
Friends, if you're sitting down, go ahead and look up all you want.
But if you're standing up, look down all you want.
Because, uh, who knows, we're all going to fall right down.
I guess, uh, I guess this is the subgenie's new final in the Popper Diamond.
This is the first time that's happened in about ten years.
Don't get too excited. The last time it happened, half of the fans died.
But, uh, well, heck, well, heck, fine, pardon my language.
Let's go ahead and do a Christ Bob. Christ Bob!
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
That wasn't bad.
Let's have another one on three.
A concerted Christ Bob. Keep your pants zipped up, boys.
We're running into the pit park again.
One, two, three, Christ Bob!
Well, that was pathetic, but we'll move on.
That's alright.
I can...
somewhat see in here, but I can't hear.
So, that's fine. That's good. I won't hear any hecklers.
How about these kids in here?
You know, everybody except me can hear everything.
Everybody else said there are no secrets in the Popper Diamond.
On the other hand, what happens at Starwood, let's all agree, stays at Starwood, just in case.
Let's go!
I see there are some new people and people who are strangers to me here.
And you may not know anything about this bizarre church of a subgenius thing.
Or you may possibly not even know who J.R. Bob Dobbs is.
Maybe he hasn't sold you anything yet.
Well, guess what? I'm not going to explain any of it.
In fact, where's my script?
No! I forgot my script!
Oh, Jesus! I'm going to have to do all of this off the top of my head.
Oh, how does that go? B-O-B. Yeah, that's what... No. No, it's quote. B-O-B. Unquote.
That is how you tell the amateurs from the real subgeniuses.
The real subgeniuses can spell Bob.
And it takes five characters.
If you leave the court marks off, it's just any old Bob.
Do we have any Bobs in the house tonight?
I'm just curious. It's the most common name in the English language.
I'm not going to do anything to you. Any Roberts?
No? That's weird.
Let's find out if they're lying.
Any Smiths?
Yes.
Goddamn! What is going on here? No, there's no one on the screen named Bob.
Thank God! Now, if only I didn't have to look at his face again. This is my boss!
Oh, well. It's kind of demeaning to worship your boss.
But we do worship Bob.
J.R. Bob Dobbs is his name.
And he is the Saint of Sales, among many, many other things.
He's also kind of a pervert.
I mean, I know he looks like a family guy and everything.
Michael Lewis is telling me that he knows some, like, dungeon-owning professional perverts who do S&M and all that kind of fun.
The really fun, damn home-perverted stuff.
And they've got a giant dog's head in their dungeon.
And that's the new thing.
And at first, I thought, well, wait a minute. Here's my royalties.
But on the other hand, we did say that Bob was up for any program.
He does have a wife at every stage. And he makes some sweet, sweet love to the absolute farm animals.
Which I understand.
Obama just made legal for anybody.
Oh, anybody can marry anything now.
Well, I guess why don't we just all marry each other?
I'm a preacher. So let's do a quick one.
I now pronounce you all man and wife and man and man and wife and wife and kid and wife and man and wallet and car keys.
Wouldn't it be great if you could stay married to your car keys?
Or your camera batteries?
So, yeah.
Once again, I'm in a room full of weird music and weird noise.
And everybody's staring at me.
Okay, fine.
Well, I can live with that.
I had a friend who told me that we're all being stared at all the time by the nationals and security agents at the NSA.
Because, as she explained to me, all those things that we see in the sky look kinda like birds, hogs, especially.
She said those aren't real hogs.
You can tell.
Hogs only travel in pairs.
He's traveling free.
That means they're drones!
Drones are watching us all the time.
Don't you feel sorry for the poor sons of bitches monitoring all those thousands of drones?
What a boring sight.
Just like that must be.
Privacy being a big concern in the United States.
Of course, everybody's paranoid about having their information stolen.
At the same time that they're pouring all their information onto Facebook.
With their unpaid 24-7 data entry job for Facebook.
Vying for Big Brother's attention.
Now, I'm kinda glad to see there's...
I don't see anybody punching, texting right now.
And that's reassuring to me.
Mainly because I'm jealous that everybody could afford one of those fancy-schmancy new phones.
The phones that watch you back.
And who knows where they sound all that information from.
Who cares?
Because what the hell can we do about it anyway?
So we might as well relax and sink into the word of Bob.
And the easiest way to do that, really, is to forget his words and just look at that damn face.
If you look at that damn face long enough, oh, you'll see Bob all right.
You'll see right through the dots and...
And you have contrast shadows.
You'll start seeing...
Notice the pipe.
It's kind of an inverted dome, isn't it?
Now, where are we sinking?
Oh my God! We're in a dome.
Dude, it's not upside down like Bob's pipe.
Or is it? Maybe Bob's pipe is the dome.
It's right side up.
And we're the ones that are upside down.
Were this dome the bowl of Bob's pipe, there should be a stem.
We should be able to punch a hole through the top of this thing and run down the stem and escape.
But no.
They've got the bowl of blood.
It must be tamped.
Look at this.
If this was Bob's pipe, upside down, and we're in it, then we must have...
And we're not burning up.
Well, then it must not be Bob's pipe, because Bob's pipe never goes out.
And you see a turn of flame.
So maybe I'm just high and I just had a weird idea.
Okay, that's happened before. We'll leave it at that.
Actually, I'm not high.
I'm working.
The minute, the minute it turns 130, I'm out of here, dude.
Because it's Star Wars, right?
But, um...
You know, I like that bowl almost better than the big bowl.
This little bowl, for the benefit of the radio audience,
we're inside a big inflatable dome, video projected 360 degrees all around,
from my old DVDs, mostly.
But there's a fish-eyed lens glass bowl in the center of the room,
reflecting the bowl above.
As above, so below.
The old occult...
Well, that's from Occult 101.
And I suppose I could stand here and teach you all Occult 101.
And I will. Here it is.
There is no Occult 102!
You have graduated already!
As of this moment, any bullshit you utter to any fellow weirdo or new-ager
is officially basics in Occult 102.
You don't really have to have it.
You have a degree in the paranormal, the occult, psychedelics, tripping,
masturbation, or any of the cool stuff that happens in these hempen festivals.
Isn't that great?
You can all go home and go,
Man, I already know Occult 102!
And it's whatever you come up with off the top of your head.
No offense to those who pay to all the way up through Occult...
But, at 110, you were ripped off. Sorry!
It was all bullshit.
I hate to tell you, but the Rosicrucian religion, upon which much of the New Age spin-offs,
including Theosophy and Giles Bay, all that stuff,
came from a couple of pamphlets written by Christian Rosicrucians, okay?
Back in the late 1600s, early 1700s, I don't remember,
but the important thing is, these two...
There was no Christian Rosicrucians. It was a made-up character.
These two jokers got drunk or high, sat down and made up a bunch of crap
that sort of poked fun at the occult beliefs of their day.
Actually, that included the scientific beliefs of their day,
because they were pretty much all the same.
Okay, nonsense.
But, oddly enough, the intellectuals and the smarty-pants of the time
read those satirical pamphlets and went,
This is the truth! They may claim they're joking, but it's really the truth!
And from that, the authors of it went on to say,
Look, you guys, we just got high and did this creepy pamphlet.
Why are you forming entire religions based on that?
Well, praise Bob!
Anybody can do it! That's what I learned!
Anybody can sit down and make up a bunch of satirical stuff
about the ridiculous occult and New Age-ish and unscientific beliefs of their time
and start a whole religion!
Now, in the case of L. Ron Hubbard, he was able to keep a straight face.
Now, what's that?
In the case of Churchill and the subgenius, well,
we didn't have to make up a bunch of bullshit
because we knew Bob!
The real Bob Dobbs, and he had the real truth!
So when you read our satirical pamphlet
and start some tyrannical religion off of it,
you're doing the right thing!
As long as you pay it to J. R. Bob Dobbs,
that which is Bob's.
Which, in this particular case, is everything.
Your wallet, your whole wallet,
not just the money in it,
if you want to get right with Bob,
you've given your damn wallet!
With the Social Security card, the library card, driver's license, everything.
You may laugh, but people have actually done that thing!
We've gotten whole wallets in the mail from people.
Those are the true believers!
Okay, I'll admit, only one guy actually did it.
Prove quietly.
And he kind of quit.
So he needs to run the diva.
You know, the go-do conventions!
Why would there be so much cross-over between subgenius and de-evolution?
That's a head-scratcher!
But on the other hand, as the great Dennis Murphy said,
Subgenius. It's a no-brainer!
We use that phrase on the back of our third book, the Bobliographon,
and when I show it to Dennis,
And he said, hey, you said that.
And he went, I did?
And then, like I do all the time, he thought of Jamie Hendrix and said,
well, if I said that, then you better pick up on it.
I'm down with your product.
You don't have to do anything.
Do you hear the voices?
Yes.
I heard something.
What a thing.
Of course, you know, out here in the middle of nowhere, Ohio,
Ohio's outback, they actually call this area.
You know, we're surrounded by cannibal rednecks.
My lovely wife, who says we are, doesn't believe that there are such things as cannibal rednecks.
But I think that's because she hasn't seen enough horror movies.
Well, I know there are cannibal rednecks.
There's cannibal rednecks.
Hey, remember what happens to the story that stays in the story?
I am one of those cannibal rednecks.
Okay.
And, you know, tomorrow I have to do a series of preaching.
And that will be, just remember, when I'm making fun of all those rednecks,
I know it.
I know where I'm going to speak, because that's where I'm from.
They're the down.
I'm going for real people.
They're ignorant.
Plain, ordinary Americans.
Most of whom hate everything.
Uh, that's not...
Wow.
God damn it.
That's true.
That's...
I was about to start delineating all the software.
That would be cheating.
Uh, okay.
Uh...
Oh!
How many people here are on drugs?
Are you ready?
Okay, everybody.
Isn't that what I thought?
Good.
And I can...
I probably should just shut up and lay down on the ground and look at the ceiling.
You know, I mean, really, the music is great.
The visuals are great.
I feel like I'm just kind of muddying the waters here.
I guess I should describe what the Church of Subgenius is really all about.
And we're serious about this.
We're serious about this.
Splat.
Slap.
Yeah, boss.
Just close those doors.
And then take them themselves and open the door the whole company gets out there.
And take a list and just go...
And get down on the tree.

Yeah.
now, doesn't it?
But I'm keeping Freud and Mr. Boss
at the same time.
And I know you can raise your balls for a time.
I'm glad to see this stuff.
It looks great.
The dots of Bob are raining down.
No, Bob!
He's like a pipe!
And now we're being held
in the boss's third eye.
No!
It's making me disappointed.
Catch me if I fall down.
So this is what it's like
to be smoked by Bob.
Just throw yourself into that damn pipe.
Let him smoke you.
You'll travel as a little smoke particle
with intelligence or something
down the stem
into Bob's mouth
and then down his goozle
into his lungs.
Actually, the goozle leads to the stomach.
And then from the lungs,
you as the Bob smoke particle.
Oh, no.
You get absorbed.
Look at that.
Capillary of the lungs
and then you're in the blood
and then next thing you know,
you hit Bob's brain.
And then this happens.
And then he knows everything about you.
And then he knows everything about you.
And then he's completely bored
and takes another sip.
And now,
this is fabulous.
This really is like being smoked by Bob.
You and your needs.
Defeat your code.
I'm sorry, I'm flabbergasted myself.
I've seen this footage,
but not like this.
Respecting you and your needs.
I'm quitting charts.
As of this month,
who needs LSD
when you've gotten away?
This is a rather expensive trip.
There's a bumper down
and all that video equipment.
The projector's actually
probably cost more than you can get
a bad look at your beads.
But why not both?
That is the point.
That is a new message
of the Church of the Sub-G.
Why not both?
There's always this duality thing.
Well, you either have a job
or have a life.
You and your needs.
No, you can't actually have both.
Only if you're either a Republican
or you're a Democrat.
Why not both and everything else?
Throw in the greens.
Hell.
And look, credits.
You don't get that with reality often.
But they were less like.
Sub-genius, it says.
What does that mean?
Oh, they know.
They're smart.
They're geniuses.
No, actually, technically,
sub-genius means anything
below a genius.
That means most of the people here
qualify.
Except you also have to have
$35.
$35.
$35 to become
an ordained sub-genius minister.
Then you've been noticed by Bob
after I put the day in.
Then you have to be
a member of the church.
You have access to, oh, what are the benefits
of membership in the church and sub-genius?
A bunch of lame stuff.
Plus, eternal life.
Well, eternal salvation.
I should have put your money back.
It's the wellness office.
But, you know, eternity is boring.
Seriously.
Well, don't take my word for it.
Um.
But it's got to be.
Eternal life.
Eternal.
It's eventually going to get boring.
Unless you're a sub-genius.
Because another benefit is
you get to choose to die if you want to.
That doesn't happen in the Christian heaven.
You're stuck there.
Or the Christian hell,
which happens to also be the sub-genius heaven.
Only we're the demons.
It's really fun.
Tormenting Red Men.
Not that I have anything, really.
Not that we have anything against Jesus or Muhammad or any of those guys.
It's always been the fan club that causes the problems.
Well, no, maybe they cause the problems, too.
Show them all what Bob Sawyer did.
Bob saw that I smoked at Doc's Salons.
Damn straight.
God.
Okay.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.



Okay.
Now.
Are we coming down yet?
Oh, no.
It's just, we're just in the beginning.
We're still peaking.
Uh-oh.
I didn't just smoke that joint.
I was peaking.
That's always a mistake.
You're ever the same shit, though.
No, I'm sorry.
I've got to accept no responsibility for your bummers or freak-outs.
But let's look at it as practice for the real world.
Which will get a lot worse.
Does anybody here read science fiction and fantasy a lot?
Well, if you're into religion, that's covered, too.
Sound different.
I kind of got bored with sci-fi and fantasy as I started reading history and science.
And they were far more psychedelic, terrifying, and insane.
Yeah.
Than anything, any of the sci-fi writers have come up with.
I've got to avoid looking up, man.
That's really.
I wish the radio audience could see what we're seeing now.
And if they keep their eyes closed long enough, they would.
Ever try a sensory deprivation game?
Ace used to have one.
I tried that a few times, hoping to turn into an Australopithecus or at least a harmless
mob from the beginning of time.
Like in that movie, Altered State.
But I kept falling asleep.
I guess you have to have the cat to meet you.
So, um...
I feel like I should do something for the audience participation.
I should, but...
But I have no idea what.
Really.
You know, we don't, uh...
I can have everybody get a Christ-Bob, Christ-Bob over and over again.
I did that.
You know, every new subgenius does that for 10 years.
Eventually it gets old.
As I was saying, eternity gets old.
So...
So, how do you keep eternity from getting boring?
Slash.
Oh, but then the question comes up.
What is Slash?
Well, when I was younger, I thought, well, Slash would be, you know, getting rich and,
um, being able to have any material thing I wanted and, uh, I guess have sex with tons
of whatever it was I wanted to have sex with.
And I tried that and it got old real fast.
Isn't that amazing?
So I gave all my money away to, uh, um, just a nothing.
Nothing.
Nothing.



And I didn't even remember.
That's how little, how little that material stuff means and that's why you should go ahead
and give what you have left to the church.
But in the meantime, we did, uh, I...
Honestly, uh, it got to where...
I personally decided that, uh, Slash really does come first.
There's a lot of bullshit, funny bullshit in the Church of Subgenius, but there's a
couple of things that are real.
One is our, our, um, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our,

only single law which is, pardon my language, fuck them if they can't take a joke.
And a lot of them can't. A lot of them can't even tell a joke.
I can't get over this. But then the Slack thing. So I thought, well, if Slack isn't
that, it must be something else. I took in Slack from different things.
And it sinks in that, okay, the conspiracy of the normal people wants Slack to be the same thing for everybody
and it's something they can sell. It might be their brand of beer, their TV show, or both.
And of course, we all know, no, man, Slack is my favorite TV show. And a joy.
Not a bit. Or a bit.
I don't know what you're pointing out about it.
But even then, when you really get down to it, no, Slack is totally different for each person.
And there is no way that a real subgenius will ever try to tell anybody else what their Slack is going to be.
That is our message of Slack. You have to find it for yourself.
Everything else is false Slack. All the money, the pills, the sex.
Well, as one subgenius said,
False Slack is better than no Slack at all.
But as a smarter subgenius said, false Slack is no Slack at all.
It might help while away the time, but really, that's just going to distract you.
So when somebody else tries to tell you which house you should get Slack and what slacking is and this band or that form of blowing things off, whatever, no.
For a lot of us, Slack is work.
The kind of work we wanted to do.
Wouldn't it be great if that's what they paid us for?
And in some cases, that happens.
Sometimes it takes 20 years before you get paid to teach conspiracy theory to college students.
Which a friend of mine actually does.
But it did take her a while, but now she's got what she wanted.
Others of us may go,
Oh yeah, Slack would be if I got this one career I want.
Or this one spouse or whatever I want.
But then you get it, and it's not quite really Slack.
And then something terrible happens.
Something really god awful.
I mean, somebody dies, or you lose a body part, or whatever.
And you're forced to shift gears.
You're yanked out of the rut by this so-called disaster.
And once you're out of the rut, all of a sudden, well, by golly, it seems like you found something new that you fell into or forced into because of the so-called disaster that was better.
And that's what we call involuntary Slack.
That's why we say, repent, quit your job, and Slack off.
Because the worst thing that happens when you quit your job is, in most cases, you get a better job.
It's a great idea.
It's true, it's true.
I mean, wouldn't it be great if they didn't exactly have to have jobs?
But we're still on planet Earth.
That today didn't happen.
It will one of these days.
I'm sure.
Yes, we say, what's today, Friday?
It was just last Sunday.
I was standing in the stone circle down the road there at 7 in the morning.
I shouldn't complain because that's only one day a year I have to get up that early.
Now, the kids are bright.
But, and we waited for the saucers like we do every single year since the one the conspiracy calls 1998.
For those not in the know, our guru, J.R. Bach,
predicted that on July 5th, 1998, at 7 in the morning, the saucers from Planet X would come and save all the subgeniuses.
Not only that, we'd get our own Death Stars of whatever we wanted to imagine them to be,
which we could then use to get revenge on everybody who didn't like.
Except for the ones who also bought $35 of genius membership.
That's a whole other question we don't want to take about.
And every year for 18 years in a row now, the saucers didn't come.
Christ, Bob, that just proves they could come any second!
They could come in the next 5 seconds!
2, 3, 1 second!
Well, they didn't.
But, they could.
The important thing is, are you ready?
Do you have that little minister's card in your pocket?
The $35 minister's card.
That's all it takes to achieve achievingness without trying.
Because that's what Bob could do.
As a subgenius, Bob isn't smart.
He doesn't have to know much of anything.
He only has to be lucky.
Friends, when was the last time being smart got you laid?
Actually, I shouldn't ask that.
It probably worked several times for a few people.
But, you know, when was the last time being smart got you a head in a job?
No, sir!
Act like a dumb shit and they'll not just treat you as an equal, they'll probably give you a raise!
Act like a dumb shit and they'll give you a raise.
There's a new version that Bob's old saying.
But really, it's luck.
More than smart.
And that's what Bob has that we don't as much.
On the other hand, have you really counted your blessings, my friend?
Are you going to have to...
Is that terrible moment of involuntary slap going to have to happen before you realize,
Oh, I actually did have slap before my car was wrecked.
Oh, I actually did have slap before my dog died.
You know?
Now, slap is some simple things.
Having that dog might be all you needed for true slap.
Helps to have an inheritance, I suppose.
But, on the other hand, don't envy the rich.
I know a few of them, but not very well.
Or I hate one.
But my experience has been that getting everything given to you so that you never have to...
deal with the consequences of your decisions.
That turns you into a moral.
Worse than a moral.
Having to deal with the consequences of your decisions is what makes useless.
I hesitate to say smarter, but certainly more aware...
and appreciative of the slap you had before you made that dumb move.
And one head drunk, get ever clear.
Like God.
There was a guy walking around with X-Day.
He's a wonderful fellow, vicious stick.
But he made the mistake of forgetting what happened the last time he drank Everclear.
And he was walking around with a bottle of Everclear, trying to get people to share it.
And I got on the internet after X-Day, and boy, a lot of people had got kind of injured and sick...
just from a little bit of that stuff.
And I said to him,
Well, you know, when Bishop Stick tried to force that down my throat, I just said no.
And the most common reaction was,
You could do that?
So don't feel bad, you know, when the next star-worn hippie comes up and goes,
Here, put this on your tongue and swallow it.
You don't really have to.
You know, there's no rule, but it's due.
Back in the 70s, of course, you had to take any drug anybody gave you.
Just to be cool.
But things have changed.
It's perfectly cool to not be on drugs and simply stare at that face of Bob up there.
Which, by God, I'm only going to have to do for another 15 minutes.
It's great when you first start off, you know.
That's one reason why we preach to our...
believers.
And it's kind of, you know,
Leave me out of it, is what most of them do.
Go ahead and, you know, don't get too into Bob as a religious nut.
It's okay to out-coot the Jehovah's Witnesses waiting for the saucers every year.
But you don't have to be a complete fanatic forever.
You have to be a complete fanatic for a measured amount of time.
Your priest will let you know when to stop saying praise Bob.
Sticking pins in your eyeballs.
But, you know, we're trying to encourage people to, well, not exactly think for themselves.
That gets you into trouble.
But we're not telling you what to think.
Just how to think.
Bob isn't the answer and neither is anything else.
So in order not to become some kind of a subgenius cougar,
and I think we all know one or two of those,
you have to pee on his head.
Or else I'll kill him.
You know, the Buddha said,
if you leave the Buddha on the highway,
kill him!
I don't know why he said that,
but I certainly understand why Bob did.
He's invulnerable.
You can blow him up and he's like a cartoon character.
He comes back with a band-aid on his head.
Something like that.
But that's not true of you.
And you have to...
You have to free yourself from this baleful influence sooner or later.
The simplest thing to do,
maybe as soon as you get out of this pump or down,
find a picture of Bob,
we sell them for $35,
and put...
Just throw that picture of Bob on the ground
and pee on it!
Go ahead and pee on it!
He's got his stock smiling.
He will not drown.
His pipe will not go out.
None of those things will happen.
But you will feel better,
for one thing,
before.
For another thing,
you peed on Bob!
You freed yourself from that crazy...
You know, the...
Actually, I've noticed that it didn't take much
for some Catholics to free themselves
from the Pope recently.
As soon as he mentioned climate change,
oh, I quit!
I'm leaving Catholicism no more.
Because the Pope proved himself to be a libtard.
One of them climate believers.
What?
Well, that's just crazy.
I don't believe in the devil.
Instead,
the devil is a climate change denier,
like me!
Passed enough already.
I...
I...
And, uh...
That raises to the devil.
I'll go ahead and ask you,
are there any Satanists here?
See, not one.
Now, at one Starwood,
during the afternoon,
and we had a really good turnout,
there must have been,
oh, a couple hundred,
maybe twice that many people in the audience,
and there had been a flyer going around the little town nearby
about signs of Satanism and witchcraft,
you know,
everything from a peace sign to Mickey Mouse,
you know, signs of Satanism and witchcraft.
And I thought,
well, let's see how we're at this pagan witch druid festival,
let's see how many people are actually believing the devil.
So I said,
is anybody here even a Satanist?
Way in the back,
there was one punk kid,
this is from the 90s,
kind of hesitantly raised his hand and pulled it back down.
Why?
Believer in the devil.
Because to believe in the devil,
first you have to believe in the Bible!
Or one of those holy books.
You kind of have to be a Christian to believe in the devil.
In a church of subgenius,
you don't have to believe in the devil,
but you can.
You can believe in anything!
Wow!
And then form your own heretical schism.
That's kind of what it's all about.
My favorite heretical schism was
the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer Wanchus to Satan.
Because it made so little sense,
it was perfect!
I actually had religious feelings during Pentecost,
and we weren't really even using the wheel on the palms.
We'd just go find any golfer down at the golf course,
kidnap any cat, take it down,
and say it was Arnold Palmer.
But you still got a feeling, you know?
Because, bottom line,
POSSEBOS WORK!
Unfortunately, any of your POSSEBOS that you score,
as of the time you leave this dome,
they won't work anymore.
The church of the subgenius destroys all other POSSEBOS.
But hey, you know, if it works,
I mean, that's because it replaces all the other POSSEBOS.
Man!
The normal state of rupture...
It's like cobblestones at that end.
It's so weird.
Every little flash of light,
every little flash of this imagery,
I can associate a different artist with it.
Not mostly me.
All I did was run a computer.
We know a lot of artists.
For some reason, the church was so...
Well, I can tell you the reason.
Back in the day,
Viola Drummond and me,
we were the ones that first made that little pamphlet
that turned into this mess.
We just wanted to be like our heroes,
the underground comic book artists.
Furry Freak Brothers, Robert Crumb's stuff.
Y'all are too...
Y'all won't even know.
And the Fireside Theater.
We just wanted to be like those...
And the Mary Pratchett's.
Who's a Mary Pratchett person?
Reverend Ken Kesey was a subgenius.
That's actually true.
Who else?
Philip K. Dick was a subgenius.
Oh, no he wasn't.
We tried to recruit him,
and he died the day after he got the pamphlet.
But so did L. Ron Hubbard!
We sent a pamphlet to L. Ron Hubbard.
We had a friend,
this 80-year-old subgenius in the 80s,
Reverend Betsy Curtis.
She was an actual old friend of L. Ron Hubbard,
founder of Scientology.
She was in the subgenius,
and she was part of the Sci-Fi Room Party
when Hubbard made the famous statement.
You can't make any...
The only way to make money these days
is to start a fake religion.
She was...
remained friends with Hubbard over the years,
and she gave me this post office box in Miami
and swore that if I sent a pamphlet
with our questionnaire,
which was based loosely on theirs,
to this P.O. box,
it would go to L. Ron Hubbard on his yacht,
in the seahorse.
And I did!
We sent him a pamphlet,
and a week later,
we read that he died!
So we thought,
okay, it killed Philip Dick,
that was too bad,
but it killed L. Ron Hubbard.
So we tried sending one to Senator Jesse Helms
to kill him.
It didn't work.
We sent one to the great comedian Bill Hicks
as the president,
and it didn't.
So, maybe...
I take back everything I said.
Maybe y'all shouldn't have done that.
You should buy any subpoenaed stuff.
Or rather, no,
you should buy it.
Don't wait until I send it to you for free,
or you'll die!
If you wait until you're rich and famous,
and we send you stuff
trying to get an endorsement from you,
beware, man,
that's...
that's certain bad luck.
And, uh...
But good luck usually comes from that purchase.
You'll be glad to know
I didn't bring anything down here to sell.
So you're not on the spot,
but tomorrow afternoon we will have the swag table.
Oh, look!
Reverend Pickles has his subgenius membership pack.
I guess he's gonna sell it.
Yes, but it's not...
For 35 bucks you don't just get your name in the Book of Life.
You also get this keen, keen collection of...
It's got a frameable doctorate
of the forbidden sciences.
You'll be a doctor.
You get...
an all-inclusive divine excuse
because Bob didn't come to forgive your sins.
He doesn't give a shit about your sins.
He came to bring you an excuse for your sins.
That's all you need.
And if you're a subgenius,
you probably come up with something up on your shelf.
And it's got the decoder pin,
and the decals,
and bumper stickers,
and the pledge of the subgenius,
the brag of the subgenius,
and the pamphlets that started it all,
and a bunch of other secret stuff.
Oh, good.
That head's gone.
I don't know what that is.
I thought it was pretty for a second.
No, but really, I've been standing here talking for about 45 minutes now.
I feel like it'd be good to just shut up and turn the music up
and look at the pictures for a while.
So, honestly, I didn't have any...
I came here with no more plans than to look at the weird pictures
and yell and cuss a little bit.
And I'm out of here.
Somebody...
I can't remember the time of the movie or what it's in.
But this guy was asking a preacher,
Preacher, come on now.
You said all kinds of crazy stuff.
What do you really, really, truly believe in?
Preacher.
And the preacher goes,
Well, what I really believe...
I believe I'm a very...
It's a dance theater.
Play spot!
Thank you very much for coming,
and I'll let them sit.
If anybody wants to sit or whatever, that's fine.
I'm gonna sit down and stare at the ceiling.
I'm suggesting you...
Oh, my God.
...return to Bob,
Repent, slack off,
and quit your job,
or slurp the beastly knob,
Congress!
lick the throbbing vein of slavery.
Now, you're sleeping like a baby,
but Bob woke me up and said,
Get out of Dodge!
There's a guy who's dicking top of the UFO in his garage.
I ate some bad ham and I got really sick,
and in a puddle of my puke where the puke was most thick,
a mouth did appear and it beckoned me near,
and it whispered the following words into my ear.
It said,
Kill the pink boys.
Quick your job, mock the world, and praise Bob Dobbs
You'll build a ship and take a trip
Go on, go get a pen, write the coordinates
Six and a half months hold up alone
Circuit boards, duct tape, and turkey bones
The ship appeared more than disaster prone
But the vomit assured me that far weirder ships had flown
The project was finished, the ship would hold twenty
The power source was anything the crew would think was funny
We didn't need the slack list or hapless
Our mirth proved its worth in escaping the star-fist
On our way to Planet X for sex that wrecks necks
A prairie squid in every pot of money shot a coney twine
It's an all-hoss hour of bonanza
It's like a world without Tony Danza
We're fans of the pink shit that hits the charts
In a world of dead art, simultaneous lobotomy and sodomy
We take a moment and we pause to reflect
On the pinks that we killed and the planet that they wrecked
Then we laugh like banshees and howl like comanches
Do a victory dance in our underoos and panties
Our fantasy is a reality
Earth turns to dust
It's Planet X or Bustros
Embrace the ache, blood that flows in your veins
When the front pipe clouds breathe slack like rain
Let Bob control what's left of your brain
Oh yes, and all your money to the Reverend Huygens thing
Embrace the aching blood that flows in your veins
When the front pipe clouds breathe slack like rain
Slapped my cloud's wings, slapped my brain
With bomb control, what's left of your brain?
Oh, nesting all your money to the Reverend I can say
He will not reveal his identity, so for today we're calling him Bob
Apparently Bob came and did something with all of us
This won't make too much sense, but it's not intended to
Ah, yeah
That music at the end was the song Planet X or Bust by the El Queso All Stars
on the Bob Songs 3 and also Songs of X Day albums.
There's a fine music video of that one out there on RevStang YouTube.
We'll probably do something like this again next Starwood,
which is held at Wisteria in Southern Ohio starting a week after our X Day festival.
Just Google StarwoodFestival.com or look at the Subgenius.com events page.
I should also mention that Starwood now regularly features multimedia shows
also by our friends the Evolution Control Committee.
Who knows, maybe in 2016 it'll be a jam with Waking Dreams, Subgenius, and Evolution Control Committee.
Who knows?
