LSD doesn't control anyone's mind. It may actually work in the opposite. It may uncontrol your mind.
But control your mind for what? Control your mind for where?
The Self Genius Hour of Swatch.
But what do we really know of freedom? My God, of real freedom.
Freedom was offered to you. You'd run for cover. You'd hide. You'd be terrified.
But I thought I was free. I mean free to do whatever you pleased.
What if I followed my every instinct completely? You mean absolutely no rules? No laws?
No laws. No proprieties. No holds barred. I see a piece of food I want, I take it.
Henry, please. I see a woman I want, I take her as well.
Hold on, Jekyll. You all act as if our manners are the same.
Some morality were handed down to us by God. But they are.
No, madam, they're not. We made them up by mutual agreement. But what if I don't agree? What then?
I clap you in irons and throw you in prison. Straight off.
You'll have to catch me first.
I am the sex goddess of the western hemisphere. So don't mess with me.
I got a big bag full of sex toys and you can't have any.
Cause they're all mine. Because I'm the sex goddess of the western hemisphere.
Hey! You may say to yourself, who the hell is she trying to kid?
She's no sex goddess. But trust me, I am.
I am the sex goddess of the western hemisphere. Hey! You may say to yourself, who the hell is she trying to kid?

She's no sex goddess. But trust me, I am.
If only for the fact that I have the unabashed gall to call myself a sex goddess.
I mean, after all, it's what so many of us have at some point thought we've all had.
Somebody who worshiped our filthy socks and walked like a dog when we were near.
Giving us cause to pause and think, you know, I may not look like much, but deep inside, I am a sex god.
Only we'd never come out and admit it publicly.
Well, that is, you would never come out and admit it publicly.
But I will. Because I am the sex goddess of the western hemisphere.
I haven't always been a sex goddess. I used to be just a mere mortal woman.
But I grew tired of the pathological implications of sexuality as they manifest in our culture.
I grew tired of the late-night 900-number ads where three bodacious bimbettes
heave cleavage into the camera's winking lens and sigh.
Big girls, ooh. Blonde girls, ooh. Bad girls, ooh.
You know what to do. Call 1-900-unmitigated-bimbo.
Ooh, yeah, I got tired of the ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
I got fed up with it all and I put on my combat boots and hit the road in my bag full of sex toys.
They were a vital part of my sex goddess image even though I would never actually use my sex toys.
Because my being a sex goddess, it isn't a sexual thing. It's a political thing.
I'm a political sex goddess. I don't actually have sex.
Because I'm too busy trying to take care of important sex goddess business.
Yeah, I gotta go say outrageous and sexual things to the press.
Yeah, I gotta go on Donahue and Dennis Miller and make buckets full of money off my own inane brand of pop psychology.
Because my pain is different. Because I am a sex goddess.
And when I talk, people listen. Why? Because you guessed it.
I am the sex goddess of the western hemisphere and you're not.
At last I have control of your radio tubes.
And I do too.
Good. This is Ren Huak.
And this is Stimson J. Catt of the Ren and Stimpy Show.
And you're listening to the Hour of Slack on KNON.
Keep listening, you idiots.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Else I shall kill you.
Whoa.
Okay. Well, the song there, dear friends, was Sex Goddess of the Western Hemisphere by Huge Voodoo.
Maggie Estep doing the words.
And my good friend, Reverend D.K. Jones and his good friend, Reverend Bruce Grant forming their Huge Voodoo.
And some more Huge Voodoo coming up that will blow your mind.
This is, dear friends, Hour of Slack number 347.
And the first of the sermons tonight is on Satanism.
Cops and rap music.
And reading the newspaper.
Reading the newspaper makes me sick, dear friends.
That's why I read it every morning.
To make myself sick with hate.
So that I can be a good preacher.
A good minister here on the air.
But oh, oh, the hate.
The hate of the smug people that it produces.
The idiots.
The venal.
The greedy.
And the small-minded.
Oh, what luxurious hate.
I like this police boycott of the entertainment conspiracy because of Ice-T's song, Cop Killer.
And you know, I'm glad they brought that up.
I wouldn't have bought Ice-T's new album otherwise.
Actually, I tried to buy it today.
But Sound Warehouse, they, you know, they...
They had to chicken out.
They did have plenty of copies of Arise.
But anyway, the, I mean, it's so...
The whole thing about Ice-T and this so-called boycott is so illustrative of the pink anti-weirdness white bread mentality.
They're so out of it.
To begin with, they picked the worst possible target among rap singers.
I mean, Ice-T is like...
He's the thoughtful, cerebral rap singer.
I mean, they couldn't have picked a song that was more obviously a portrait of frustration.
Uh, I guess, you know, they didn't notice all those 18,000 other rap songs that really do outright tell people to kill cops.
I also suppose they didn't notice all the white bands from the 70s onwards like the Dead Kennedys and...
Dead Kennedys and Dead Kennedys.
You know, that also did cop hatin' and killin' songs.
But, uh, the lack of hipness, dear friends, is the moot part of the point.
What's really sickening is that they can get so much more upset over a guy mouthing words than they ever did over a gang of cops beating an unarmed man for fun.
At which they knew perfectly well is a daily occurrence in Ice-T's old neighborhood.
And a lot of other neighborhoods besides.
Now, I'm not puttin' down all cops, friends.
I'm puttin' down the evil, willfully ignorant...
Ignorant cops.
Uh, but what can you expect?
What are you gonna expect, dear friends, when the kind of instruction and education that cops get are seminars by born-again religious nuts about the ever-present dangers of...
Oh, satanic cult.
Ohhhhh.
Uh, did you hear a few weeks back, friends, when we mentioned on this show that we'd learned that police in Cleveland were being instructed by a Christian fundamentalist expert that the picture of Bob Dobbs, our guru Bob Dobbs, is, get this, gang graffiti and a satanic trigger to boot.
Now, take it from me, friends, if you ever wondered...
This whole satanic cult scare is nothing but a witch hunt.
It's sheer invented nonsense by hate-filled paranoids who never learned what good sex is.
You know how many murders there are a year that actually have anything at all to do with Satanism?
About three.
Oh my gosh, better shut down the New Age bookstores.
You know how many babies are scalded to death each year?
Because they wouldn't stop crying and their Christian parents just knew it was the devil and not colic that was making them cry.
So they killed the baby to drive the devil out.
About 300, dear friends, a hundred times as many people are sacrificed for Jesus as are sacrificed for the devil.
And hey, Christians invented Satanism in the first place.
Because Christians invented the devil.
I mean, how many Satanists do you know who weren't raised as Christians?
None.
So, I mean, you know, if you're gonna make pot illegal because all the heroin addicts smoke pot first,
and make porno illegal because it leads to rape, and make abortion illegal because it leads to hell,
then you better make Christianity illegal because all the Satanists started out as Christians.
It's exactly the same logic, friends.
Now, don't get me wrong.
I think Satanists are even stupider than Christians.
And not only do they follow a fictitious character, they follow a quote, evil fictitious character.
A loser.
Now, when it comes to wrecking lives in vast unthinkable numbers, the Christians win hands down.
So I hope that the cops and the moralists and fundamentalists have fun policing those record stores instead of themselves or the bad neighborhoods.
Because God forbid that somebody say words on a sound reproduction system that might give some idiot the wrong idea about life.
We wouldn't want entertainers setting a bad example.
I mean, look what happens.
Those riots in LA, that wasn't because of a gang of white cops proved they could get away with lynching.
It was because those crazy Negroes got a bad attitude from listening to rap music.
So, well, hey, violence is okay.
We just won't allow any dangerous concepts to happen.
It's those concepts and ideas that really threaten our freedom.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh, let's get some perspective here.
I mean, first things first.
All right.
My friends.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs needs to hose down the streets.
That's what needs to happen.
And that's what's gonna happen, dear friends.
Come X Day.
The beginning of the world.
Ah, yes.
Ah, the harvest.
America is waiting.
They, the jury, found the defendant Lawrence M. Powell not guilty.
And once again, Archie Bunker wins.
Time is running out.
The revolution.
Anywhere.
J-Live.
J-Live.
J-Live.


J-Live.
Once again, Archie Bunker wins.
As the gatekeeper grins for a tour de four who sinned then were let off bread scot-free.
The verdict.
Don't believe what you see.
Like the crowning of a king's behind by the not-ready-for-prime-time swine.
Spineless jellyfish, a tonemane, poisoned kiss of death.
Blown by a jade.
A jaded jury.
To test.
They rest.
Then confess.
We'll have no trouble sleeping.
Yet peeping from suburban safe houses hoping douses of gasoline, as seen on the screen,
don't mean their pristine world will be hurled straight to hell.
Well, I wouldn't bet the bank.
As tanks are rolling, heads swollen, bodies dead.
Bush beds down with his tarnished king's crown, took under a goose-step feathered pillow.
This unpatriotic pussy will, oh no!
Let my people go.
So maybe Willie Horton ads got whitey crazy.
A driving Miss Daisy state of mind.
Now the greatest fear, black on white crime, has come to fruition.
As a deep dish suspicion sweeps a narcissistic nation.
Screwing Haitians, blocking natives on reservations.
The creation of a hate race.
But no one wants to face the music.
Quick trigger finger dead ringer.
A mayday KKK who'll pray, slay, and kill to live another.
Way down upon a burning ghetto.
Not far away, as old fays say, I'm glad I live in semi.
Hooray, hooray.
But semi south of the Canadian border, as the new world order causes death and destruction.
And once again,
Penless grenades explode.
And our silent code seeps into insane membranes of killer cops.
And you won't stop.
Popping people of color, copters buzzing, dozens dead.
Right, said Fred, cause our body ain't sexy when it's filled with lead.
While Ted Koppel and his non-stop will steal news.
Jockeys with Arsenio who's crying to blues.
They hit, quit, then split to fly cribs.
Eat, repeat, snooze.
As niggas lose lives.
Semi-valley Cali honkies theorize.
Why burn your community?
But as usual,
Casper the unfriendly ghost is too blind to see.
That Koreans, Iranians, Indians and Jews.
The chosen fews.
Who own the stone that's been torched and looted.
While muted blacks sluggin' slut ass Miss Liberty on their backs for 500 years.
Swig beers, cause there's no room for tears in a country arrears on a bill that has never been right.
Founded by might, yet with many men black stand and fight.
Whites lose their minds.
Hard times getting worse.
Cursin' each other in another war zone.
Motors stoned on live TV.
We all see, yet act surprised.
But don't.
It's our, his, story.
Like the Boston Tea Party or Civil War.
And what's in store but more of the shame.
No one to blame.
No one to believe in.
As once again.
Archie.
Bunker.
Win.
Revolution.
Revolution.
Time is running out.
Yo George.
South Central LA looks like Iraq.
You gotta answer for that.
Time is running out.
Play.
Slay.
And kill to live another.
Way down upon a burning ghetto.
Ghetto.
Ghetto.
Ghetto.
Ghetto.
Suburb.
In the.
Suurburb.
Suburb.
In the Suburb.
Suburb.
Suburb.
Time is running out.
Black on white crime has come to fruition.
Black on white crime has come to fruition.
Scholars.
JO since college.
People.

Time is running out.
We.
Work.
Out.
yeah oh man wonderful piece there once again huge voodoo
that time it was Reggie Reggie Reggie's name met the guy Reggie Gaines Reggie
Gaines words with huge voodoo music I'm most proud most proud of the up that
we're the first place and just about the world that's played that one yes Archie
Bunker wins again and and like I said I went in to buy that that album cop
killer but they refused to sell it out of deference to the executive
people
boys and you know the sad thing really the saddest thing about that whole boy
caught is it's like as if time Warner really cared what cops think friends
boycotting trying to boycott something as huge as time Warner it's like boycott
in the IRS it's like a pea shooter against Godzilla let me tell you about
time Warner here friends in this book
utilities news and communications radio news 24 hour online 6th and

even a Friday started curd and we according to cuchas story
the next on our discipline leed the new




arguably the most influential media conglomerate in the world. The business profile of Time
Inc., America's biggest magazine ad revenue earner and publisher, Time, Live, Fortune,
People, Sports Illustrated, etc., meshed well with Warner, the number one record and TV
production company in the United States, with combined assets somewhere between 25 and 30
billion dollars. They also controlled a major chunk of the cable, motion picture, and book
markets, including home box office, Lorimar Studios, Book of the Month Club, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah. Such an amalgam of lucrative components gave Time Warner distinct advantages
for promoting their products in a multiplicity of media. A magazine article with the company
copyright, for example, could be expanded into a Time Warner.
It could serve as the basis for a film made at an in-house studio, which would then be
distributed through a movie theater chain owned by the same company. The movie, doubtless,
will be reviewed in widely read magazines, also published by Time Warner, and the soundtrack
album would be issued on a company record label. To catch a rerun, turn to one of Time
Warner's cable channels. More and more...
Ahem.
More and more...
More and more...
We will be dealing with closed loops, predicts Ben Bagdikian, as a handful of mega-conglomerates
squeeze others out in the field.
And, uh...
A journalist covering the Time Warner merger rarely featured statements by public interest
critics warning that mass media concentration in fewer and fewer corporate hands poses a
threat to the economy.

A journalist covering the Time Warner merger rarely featured statements by public interest




serious threat to pluralism, democratic discourse, and the First Amendment.
You see, the Time Warner tango was only the latest episode in an accelerating march toward
media monopolization that is transforming news and entertainment. In 1982, according
to Ben Bagdikian, 50 corporations controlled most of the media business. In January 1990,
that number was 20.
The number of newspapers in the United States is now 23, and shrinking fast. Time Warner
co-chairman Richard Munro predicted that within a few years, a half dozen vertically integrated
media mammoths will dominate the industry, not just in the U.S., but globally. And he
vowed his company would be one of them. Today, about a dozen corporations, only a dozen,
control most of America's daily newspaper circulation. Only three firms account for
a majority of magazine earnings. Only one of them is the American Times. And the other

is reinsuranceintelligence.com.
Ok, maybe one's access to two books screenings and six publishing houses, have a lock on
most of the book business!
The motion-picture scene is dominated by four film studios. A half-dozen corporations control
90 percent of your domestic record sales.
The lack of concern among the public is in large part attributable to the silence of
mass media, which rarey probed the dangers of propaganda. consciousness, in the course




concentrated ownership as it pertains to their own industry. The insidious impact of merger mania is
not readily apparent to the casual consumer who sees newsstands stocked with lots of publications
and bookstores filled with different titles. Equally misleading is the fact that there appear
to be thousands of radio stations, blah, blah, blah, all different. On the surface, it seems a
tremendous variety of media are available to us, yet appearances are deceptive. For only a handful
of multinational corporations control what most Americans see, hear, and read. These highly
centralized information outlets are remarkably uniform in what they offer. And, uh, dear friends,
what we're getting to is the fact it's a jungle out there, all right?
What we're...
A station like K-N-O-N is a rare thing indeed. These little stations where you can get and, well,
have a show where there's not a corporate sponsor breathing down your neck. And not only a big
corporate sponsor, but hand-in-hand with that, the United States government. Uh, you know, for years
and years, you've...
We've all heard about the liberal bias in the media. Well, the media is controlled, all right, but to show just, I mean, the fact that people really think that it's a liberal bias shows just how controlled it is. And just, because this is, um, this one, it's sad that I can't read you this entire book tonight, dear friends, but here's an interesting chapter that I think if I tell you some of this information, you'll be able to read it.








Yeah, I think you'll be able to draw a lot of conclusions for yourself that sort of back up what we're trying to point out here between mass media being all in the hands of really just a few large corporations and the fact that those large corporations are, in many cases, almost identical with, uh, the administration of the government of this country, as we say.
For instance, uh, media buzzwords, uh, what we hear over and over again shapes our language and guides our thoughts.
As with ad jingles, the drumbeat of repeated news lingo stays with us and takes on a life of its own. This is the news we're talking about, friends, not just the conspiracy TV shows. This is what's supposed to pass for, uh, facts, all right? But the language they use in presenting these things, uh, for example, bailout.
The word bailout is used nowadays.
To mean, as a polite way of referring to huge amounts of taxpayers' money going to wealthy financiers who happen to have souring investments in, uh, industries like auto production or savings and loans.
Big government is a pejorative for regulating agencies that limit corporate activities or for social service programs who aid poor and middle-class people, but not.
Big.
government is not the government's enormous military expenditures. Now, if you watch your
news reporters and read your papers closely, you'll see that this is indeed the way this
language is always used. A cleanup is a scenario for setting right oil spills, nuclear pollution,
chemical releases, and the like. The phrase sounds comforting. It implies a magical vacuum
cleaner at work, except that most ecological disasters can't be undone. The phrase dangerous
drugs means illegal substances as distinct from other damaging consumables like alcohol,
cigarettes, and pharmaceuticals who might be sponsors of news programs or owners of
television networks, co-owners. Defense spending, of course, means military spending. Deterrent
spending means military spending.
A deterrent is a nuclear weapon pointed at the Soviet Union. Nuclear weapons pointed
at the US never get the media's deterrent tag. If it's pointed at us, then it's not
a deterrent. If we're using it, it's a deterrent. Experts is a common noun handy for promoting
a favored point of view. Instability is code for situations overseas where the US State
Department is unhappy with current events, whereas stability is code for situations overseas
Community is a code word for situations overseas where the US State Department wouldn't mind
if conditions stayed the same.
Intelligence community is a way of making cloak and dagger specialists at the CIA and
other spy agencies sound like friendly neighbors.
A military leader is a foreign military dictator whom the White House doesn't mind a whole
lot.
A military strongman, on the other hand, is a foreign military dictator out of favor with
the White House.
In 1989, military strongman seemed to be the first names of Panamanian General Manuel Noriega.
A few years earlier, when he was on the CIA's payroll, he was a military leader.
Moderate in domestic politics.
This favors the military.
Moderate is a very vulnerable adjective for not rocking the status quo boat.
As a moniker for foreign regimes, moderate denotes little inclination to disrupt US government
plans.
Thus, Saudi Arabia's monarchy is moderate, which would surprise the hundreds of torture
victims inside Saudi prisons.
National security is confined to subjects like the military.
Many additional drugs are usually amplified for people fighting militant firearms, soldiers,
and espionage.
With rivalized and foreign rules as well.
But what I can say is that social modernism does claim económical該 tendon.
worstschlussobgängenoxfordstist Disney is a weak national security ohh
doubling power
If you're a woman, do you know you're actually willing to protect Search farms?
Who knows?
Visit the Google search any way you want.
Your life depends on you.
Capitalism comes first.
Onlyhana Evet replace the book is a meme.
The word reform can mean just about anything.
Tax reform during the 1980s meant legislation that gave the wealthy major tax cuts.
And special interests.
This phrase used to be applied to wheeler dealers relying on big bucks instead of grassroots supporters to sway the democratic process.
But in recent years, mass media has turned the term special interests upside down and plastered it elsewhere.
On large numbers of people with less money and less power.
Groups of black and Hispanic Americans, labor union leaders, feminist women, old folks, lesbian and gay rights, blah blah blah.
And terrorism, friends.
A label very selectively applied in keeping with U.S. government definitions.
So that bombings, assassinations, and kidnappings are terrorism if done by Arabs.
But not if done by Israelis.
So much more than a memang ahbisi ether rampaged me up, one ryk 안 deprim YouTube commentary

More than 60,000 laborers take part inlee
Influence many of us from wealth and personal power!
Excerpt from Pre�皆 al-K Pope,
otras vec blinds from were conjuntoы ollas dep FERC veut beneficiarietten KERальным value systematik Haramohan life affairs histoire mereiahm death in Islam, FTW archive information from the left lip to other subjucroث Mariner's face,gin Pow SiDari demandé Qianad l'Armarie, Bing Turkish for Embassy to come to America, Van yロ lighter vaz a tæsat niートawar
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
I'm going to shoot the president.
I say, I say, president.
What's your name?
If I can't get a ride, if I don't get paid, I'm going to shoot the president.
I say, I say, president.
I say, president.
I say, president.
Oh, say can you see, in the blinkless electron gun eye of the mainstream media barrage,
that what we hail are the hallucinations...
of authority and progress and righteousness,
whose sweet and stern voices have captivated
and conditioned millions of human creatures,
stimulated them in passive acceptance
of technological disruption and destruction
of our environments, of our histories,
of the possibilities of alternative ways of being,
whose seven stripes are broken swastikas,
whose fifty stars are black holes
sucking two hundred million atomized existences
into the daily routine of the human herd of hamsters,
rolling the great wheels of the death machine,
squeaking at the shocks and nibbling the cheese
and reciting and discussing and delighting
in their mutually shared programming history,
in their lives, in their cancers,
their TV shows, their deaths, their jobs,
their ignorance, their endless pointless core and creeping,
their glorious blind nosedive into their paycheck's pleasures,
into an ecstatic emptiness, a glowing incinerator,
a parking lot full of businessmen,
conspiring and colluding on the big dream,
the big lie, the big nauseating, screaming,
sweating nightmare of business America,
media America, corporate America,
consumer America,
fascist America.
On a brighter note, commercial break.
The government has now banned the carrying of spears.
Stop about every thousand miles ain't asking too much, is it?
You might wish to stay on and listen.
It was a place where everything was legal.
I met this woman.
So if you're looking for emotional satisfaction,
my advice to you is,
seek professional help.
Thank you for joining us live on the air.
My pleasure.
One nation,
under God,
has turned into one nation,
under the influence of one drug.
Television,
the drug of a nation,
breeding ignorance and feeding radiation.
On television,
the drug of a nation,
breeding ignorance and feeding radiation.
TV,
its satellite links,
our United States of unconsciousness.
Apathetic, therapeutic, and extremely addictive.
The methadone metronome,
pumping out 150 channels, 24 hours a day.
You can flip through all of them,
and still there's nothing worth watching.
TV,
is the reason why less than 10% of our nation reads books,
and more than 10% of our nation's population reads books daily.
Why most people think Central America means Kansas.
Socialism means un-American,
and apartheid is a new headache remedy.
Absorbed in this world,
it's so hard to find us.
It shapes our minds the most.
Maybe the mother of our nation should remind us,
that we're sitting too close,
to the television,
the drug of a nation,
breeding ignorance and feeding radiation.
On television,
the drug of a nation,
breeding ignorance and feeding radiation.
TV,
is the stomping ground for political candidates,
where bears in the woods are chased by a Grecian form of bald eagle.
TV,
is mechanized politics,
remote control over the masses,
co-sponsored by environmentally safe gases.
Watch for the PBS special.
It's a perpetuation of the old.
It's the creation of the two-party system,
where image takes precedence over wisdom.
Where sound by politics,
are served to the fast food culture.
Where straight teeth in your mouth are more important,
than the words that come out of it.
Race baiting is the way to get selected.
Will he hoard or will he not get elected?
On television,
the drug of a nation,
breeding ignorance and feeding radiation.
On television,
the drug of a nation,
breeding ignorance and feeding radiation.
On the screen is an address,
where you can mail your tag offering or give a look.
Okay, got the idea?
Alright, have it.
Time to serve.
Alright, have a look.
Come on, here.
TV,
is it the reflector or the director?
Does it imitate us or do we imitate it?
Because a child watches 1500 murders before he's 12 years old.
And then we wonder why we've created adjacent generations,
that learn to laugh,
rather than abhor the whore.
TV,
is a place where armchair generals and quarterbacks,
can experience first hand,
the excitement of video warfare.
As a theme song is sung in the background.
Sugar sweet sitcoms that leave us with a bad actor taste.
While pop stars metamorphosize into soda pop stars.
You saw the video,
you heard the soundtrack.
Well now go buy the soft drink.
Well the only cola that I support,
would be a Union COLA cost of living allowance.
On television,
the drug of the nation,
breeding ignorance and feeding radiation.
On television,
the drug of the nation,
breeding ignorance and feeding radiation.
Back again,
new and improved.
We returned to our irregularly programmed schedule.
Hidden cleverly between heavy-breasted beer and car commercials.
CNN, ESPN, ABC, B-C-V-T-N-T,
but mostly B-S.
Where oxymoronic language,
like virtually spotless.
Fresh, frozen,
light yet filling and military intelligence have become standard.
TV is a place where phrases are redefined like recession to necessary downturn,
crude oil on a beach to moose, civilian death to collateral damages,
and being killed by your own army is now called friendly fire.
TV is a place where the pursuit of happiness has become the pursuit of trivia,
where toothpaste in cars have become sex objects,
where imagination is sucked out of children by a cathode ray nipple.
TV is the only wet nurse that would create a cripple.
Television, the drug of the nation, breeding ignorance, feeding radiation.
On television.
The drug of the nation!
Breeding ignorance and feeding radiation on television!
The drug of the nation!
Breeding ignorance and feeding radiation on television!
The drug of the nation!
Breeding ignorance and feeding radiation on TV!
Better living through television.
Okay.
Okay.
idea?
Who is
American Joy?
Better living
through television.
Who is
American Joy?
Okay, got the
idea?
All right, now
let's talk.
Okay.
Uh, yes.
I guess I
better tell you
what you've
been listening
to here.
Uh, shoot.
The President
was at the
beginning of
that.
Very short
little thing I
put on there,
you know, to
kind of go with
the cop-killer
subject matter.
Shoot the
President by
a band called
Big Stick.
A star-spangled
banner sort of
thing by
Culture Side.
Both of those
came from a
tape compilation
that Dad's
New Slacks
in Portland,
Maine put
together.
Praise Dad's
New Slacks
and those
strange bands.
Also, that
thing there at
the very end,
TV, is by
a band called
Disposable
Heroes of
Hyphopresy.
Okay.
And, uh,
listen closely
now, and
you'll hear the
matchbox not
only go back
and forth, but
also go

up and
down, if
you're on
headphones
anyway.
Yeah.
.

.
.
I can't hear you, Mrs. Fletcher.
Perhaps now would be a good time for you to consider upgrading your coverage.
I'm proud of you, Mrs. Fletcher.
Dogs, a pony, a baby elephant, clowns everywhere.
Trained dogs, a pony, a baby elephant, clowns everywhere.
Officials are quoted as explaining that since the brain of a ghoul has been activated by the radiation,
the plan is kill the brain and you kill the ghoul.
Kill the brain and you kill the ghoul.
Kill the brain and you kill the ghoul.
Kill the brain and you kill the ghoul.
Kill the brain and you kill the ghoul.
Kill the brain and you kill the ghoul.
What would you do?
Guess, guess, guess, guess.
Because I don't say nothing about the things you do.
Don't you?
And don't you think I'm no fool
Because just one of my ideas would crack your head wide open
Hello friends and welcome
The sermon tonight is entitled
Pumping Bob
Pumping Bob
Because you see friends
It all goes back to that quest of the thirsty heathen
Who was crawling through the hot shifting sands of the Mojave Desert
In his search for water
This heathen, he did not know where he was
This heathen, he did not know he was in the Mojave Desert
But he did know that he was in a desert
And more importantly he knew
That if he did not drink something
Soon he would perish and become the dead dehydrated dinner
Of the same vultures that provided the only occasional shade
As their bodies flew between him and the piercing sun
So you can imagine how relieved our wayward wanderer was
When he saw an old fashioned hand pump
Protruding from a distant sand mound
With his last ounce of energy
He crawled up the dune to the rusty pump
And fanatically pumped away
But alas, not a drop
Not even a cough or sputter or choke of hope
Just the shrill clankety clank of vapor lock
All seemed lost
And yet even as our hot helpless heathen collapsed at the base of the pump
He used his final calories of life to roll over on his back
And beg the heavens
Lord God Almighty
Grant me a miracle
And then
Out of the clear sky of the desert
In our blue sky
A drop of moisture fell upon his face
And then another
And yet another still
Yes, with disbelieving eyes
Our desperate desert dweller looked skyward
He could not cry
For he had no tears to shed
He could not pray
For his eyes were too dry to shut the eyelids
In fact it took his shriveled eyeballs
A moment to filter out the blinding rays of the sun
To see the source of his life
his salvation. It was the vultures emptying their bowels to make room for the upcoming feast.
The traveler was furious. He grabbed fists of sand and threw them skyward towards the birds,
but to no avail. The sand merely fell back into his eyes, causing him further irritation.
He cursed his god. He stomped about, kicking the dust, when, quite unintentionally, he stomped his
toe on something buried in the sand. The pain gave him new strength. He yanked the dirty jar
from the ground and aimed it to toss at the buzzards, but during the wind-up, he felt a sloshing
from within. With dire anticipation, he scraped the dirt from the label and it read,
This jar contains water. Do not drink it. Use it to prime the pump and then refill it when finished.
Thank you and have a nice day. Well, well, well.
I don't need to tell you what a predicament this put our poor protagonist in.
If he drank the contents of the jar, he would have his thirst quenched only temporarily.
But if he put his faith in the message, he could have the everlasting liquid of life and limitless
liters. Now, which would you do, dear friends? Or to be more precise, which have you already done?
For every day,
you are faced with the same dilemma as our poor little dirty, dehydrated desert dweller. You see,
the everlasting liquid of life is slack. And the message that you must believe to receive
this everlasting life is the word of one J.R. Bob Dobbs. Believe in him and you will receive
the slack in everlasting quantities. Not just a taste here or a gulp there, but an abundance of
slack.
And the message that you must believe to receive this everlasting life is that you will receive

slack. Every which way. You will drown in life's pleasures Monday through Friday with weekends to
boot. But you see, the conspiracy wants to keep you on a tight chain. They don't want to give you
any slack at all, but they do so grudgingly since you need it in order to survive and serve them.
They give you the weekends and some time to set aside so you can recharge and have another
life-sustaining drop of slack. Most folks, they waste this opportunity to mow their yards or
wash their cars or attend their conspiracy churches. Somewhere in between, they do get a lot of slack.
They don't even get a drop or two of true slack or else they die—such are the bare necessities of humans.
But how much they get is what the conspiracy tries so hard to control. Like the dehydrated traveler,
they want to ration it out to you with an eyedropper, drop by drop, so you'll always be at their mercy,
ready to fulfill their every whim. They control you through your ignorance. They tell you, Bob's a joke,
a myth, some kind of hocus-pocus circus magic. The only true religions, according to the public, are the ones that are just not enough.
to them are the ones their state owns and operates.
Christianity, Judaism, Islam, fill in the blank,
whatever it is, there's a thousand different religions
with a thousand different rules.
But all these rules and religions have one thing
in common, dear friends.
They tell you slack is bad, slack is evil,
slack is the work of the devil.
Oh, it's hard to believe now, isn't it?
And yet most of the world believes exactly that.
Only J.R. Bob Dobbs has the gonads to step forth
and tell the emperor the naked truth.
Only Bob is standing up and stating
the obvious universal reality.
It's good to feel good.
It's bad to feel bad.
If man were meant to feel good,
he wouldn't have been born with a bob.
While the conspiracy is telling you
you gotta serve somebody, Bob is saying serve yourself.
Take as much slack as you want.
It's not a rare commodity.
This planet is covered with it.
You only need to know where to look.
And dear friends, that same Bob Dobbs
wants to be your guide.
For as he said to himself many years ago,
you can give a man a fish and you've fed him for a day,
but teach a man to fish wallets and you've fed him forever.
So what's it going to be, dear friends?
A conspiracy recommended weekly allowance of slack?
Or a complete, unadulterated,
drown in your own pleasures orgy of slack
where you and only you say when you've had enough.
The choice.
Is yours.
For as Dobbs so aptly observed,
you can lead a man to slack,
but you can't make him use it.
Here endeth the word of Bob.
Praise Bob.
Amen.
Your time is up.
I will no longer play for you.
You won't play for me anymore?
Oh, please.
Don't start now.
Just one more.
Please.
In the background in your mind now,
you're aware that the crew is highly competent
and the plane is a technological wonder,
a magic bird to serve your desires.
I'm all right, Roger.
Just a little argument with my co-pilot.
And guess what, Rog?
The little red needle's pointing to E.
And while that's always stood for excellent in my book,
I guess it means I'm out of gas.
You are safe.
Much safer than traveling in your own car
to your local grocery store.
Bon cucu.
It's T minus five.
I need my module.
I want my mapo.
Oh, my gosh.
All right.
Standing by.
Take four minutes.
Two minutes left until.
You can't.
Stand by for eject system.
This rocket is suspended.
It's not ready to take off.
Will you listen to me?
This rocket will not fly.
We're going to die.
Oh, I guess there's nothing I can do.
Well, I'll strap myself in.
This is it.
Goodbye, Doug.
I could not love these here so much.
Love, die not.
This show is goodbye now.
I'll miss you till next week.
Show over.
Stop listening.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Stop!
.


.
.
.
.
We must know.
No!
And come.
And come.
And come.
What?
What?
Oh, God, that sounds crazy.
Oh.
What you were listening to?
The all-pro cavalcade for Bob.
Did the amazing music mix cut edit that preceded and followed Father Joe Mama with his lovely and inspiring Pumping Bob sermon.
And then, why, of course, we heard a little bit of the old, the good old sad stuff, the KPFA, PuzzlingEvidence.com.
Dr. Howell show crash.
And it's time for bed here, so we're going to listen to the Charlie Manson opera.
Yes.
It's your fear, women.
You're afraid of every cycle, ladies, and it keeps you in your graves.
Now, do you see this?
Do you see this?
This is a perfect example of what I was just talking about.
Do you see this?
We're all over here.
You sure as hell know none of these creeps are going to help you out, Red.
They can't even see past their own shadows.
Long enough to have any actual contact with anybody.
Now, they're all too busy stepping on each other like a bunch of cooped up chickens or something.
Yeah, and then you walk around this ranch and you talk about love.
Love of what?
Love of brother.
Charlie, when are you going to give your fear to me?
I'm going out for a pass.
Shh.
And it's the long walk.
I've been trying to help you out, get through that, Red.
I've been trying to help you out, see you in September or something.
But it's in your programming.
Your programmers were programmed and it's just like you and it's just like you.
It's easy to be here.
It's easy to be here.

And it's just like you, huh?
And I'm a bit afraid of my own power.
It's like I've been...
Well, come on, buddy!
You're all falling in the same submarine of a solar system forever.
When are you going to give your fear to me?
Come here, girls.
I'm going out for a pass.
Shh.
And it's the long walk.
I've been trying to help you out, get through that, Red.
I'm going out for a pass.


I've been trying to help the out-see in September or something, but it's in your programming.
We are sneaking in the county jail, looking under the door to see if the man is there.
Sneaking like little children out of town.
Sneaking.
J.R. Bob Dobbs being preached.
Sorry, Bob.
Couldn't be here another show.
Maybe next week.
But in the meantime, this has been your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
And get that pencil ready, because I'm going to give you the post office box where you can write for boo-coos of free information.
Ah, it's so relaxing.
And that number to write.
Just write to Bob.
Just a little postcard.
Say, Bob, send it to me.
That's post office box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Once again, that's post office box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Ah, yes.
The harvest.
And let there be slack for your friends.
Well, this background music here is by our good friends Ray, Jerry, and Aklim.
I haven't played this in a long time.
Fort Worth.
They sent us this lovely stuff.
The
ick
© transcript Emily Beynon
© transcript Emily Beynon
© transcript Emily Beynon
