We thought about doing a live show tonight, but the current affairs news were just so depressing,
and really there was an Onion headline that kind of said it all.
So I'm going to tell you that Onion headline and then play a canned show from a little bit earlier that you haven't heard on Hour of Slack.
And it's all slack. It's a welcome respite from the news.
But as the Onion said, nothing can make this stop, says only country where it ever happens.
The Self-Genius Hour of Slack.
What?
What?
The FBI says 2% by 6.5%.
On Wall Street, 29, 6 snowmobilers detonated a blast that killed personal trainers following a ski trip to Telluride.
The presidential candidates from both parties injected Hillary Clinton with performance-enhancing PR news from Washington.
If only the news were really like that, my friends.
Pure surrealism. Thank you, Lee Murr.
And now coming up.
Well, we weren't.
We weren't going to talk about it, and we're not going to, but this great song came out from Little Theodore,
our old friend Little Theodore and Babushka from Denver, the greatest spaz band since Devo.
And it's a heavy metal song.
Love you.
Love you.
Trump loves everybody.
Trump loves you.
Trump molests you.
Trump molests you.
Trump molests everybody.
Trump molests you.
Trump molests you.
Trump's getting rid of you.
Trump's getting rid of you.
Trump's getting rid of everybody.
Trump's getting rid of you.
Trump is going to make everything close.
Trump's going to make it until he gets to the finish.
And he's jump艳
He is about to fall, just like Bubba peer.
The Blacklist is going to make it work.
The show is about to get popular.
guitar solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo
trombone solo


And you know what I think?
I just made a horrible mistake
while we took that little break.
Yes?
My mistake on the break, I think I left the phone turned all the way up
so people heard Lonesome Cowboy Dave clearing his throat.
They did, did they?
No.
I think that might have happened.
I don't know if that was me clearing my throat or another part of my body.
I mean, we have been known to get alien transmissions
accidentally intercepted on our lines here.
Someone making a discreet cough to demonstrate that it was time.
I've actually had to fight that.
I've been dealing with it all evening and all last several shows
because on November 2nd, I suddenly became allergic
to the atmosphere of the planet Earth.
Seriously, I never had any allergies at all before
and suddenly I became allergic to any kind of pollen.
You know, in theory, you can develop allergies later in life,
but in practice here, we don't know how much of that is
just like you changing or me changing or whatever over life.
And the climate changing because maybe the volume of pollen
is greater because of the warmer climate.
This was the first year that I spent in living in the middle
of a cedar and juniper forest.
Yes.
I'm pretty sure that that's what finally brought it on.
I've been going to that juniper and cedar forest all my life,
practically since I was a teenager.
That has to smell good.
Where my parents lived.
It does smell good.
Oh, it does smell great.
It's beautiful.
It's green year round, but the air has kind of a yellow haze
near the horizon.
It's yellow.
That's the trees trying to sexually assault you.
Yeah.
They are trying to shove their seed up your nose.
Well, after one solid year of breathing that stuff,
it finally kicked in.
I thought I had a terrible cold at first,
but then it just stayed and never went away.
It wasn't in my lungs.
It was post-nasal drowsiness.
It was just a drip that causes this.
I just have to go like that.
And for a radio professional like myself,
that can be a real drawback.
Kind of like deafness.
Unnecessary deafness.
Science will find a cure.
For unnecessary deafness?
Yeah, it's going to cost a lot.
But who will deem what's necessary and what's unnecessary?
Because I'd get scared if I would have to make such a choice.
Who is it?
Invisible.
It'll be made for you.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, that only rests me assured.
That makes me feel one hell of a lot better known,
you know, that at least somebody's making my decisions for me
because I can't make mine anymore.
But there will come a time when you'll be asked to do that.
You will have to lay it on the line.
Did you ever see the icon?
It looks like it's Adolf Hitler, but he's crucified on a cross.
It's like, man, who?
Who came up with it?
Who is responsible for this?
Some cross old Nazi.
A goth old Nazi?
Well, goths, maybe, I suppose.
You'd say, mein Gott, a swastika's fallen out of the sky.
What has happened now?
Gott in Himmel.
Swastika?
Gott in Himmel.
Gott im Himmel.
Yes.
Gott in Himmel.
Gott im Himmel.
Gott im Himmel.
Gott im Himmel.







So im is a contraction for indem,
but they don't use an apostrophe in German like we do in English
when they make contractions.
Gott im Himmel.
You've got to remember, they have 16 different forms of the word the.
It's kind of ridiculous.
I forgot that.
I mean, I'm not sure if I...
Dem, den.
Actually, they don't really have 16 forms.
It's a much smaller number than that.
There's 16 different contexts in which you have to decide,
which definite article you use.
We will waive consecutive translations.
When I was in China, I learned how to order a beer, I thought.
What was it?
Well, an American Chinese person told me later, she said,
you know, you just asked for a basketball.
I thought basketball was...
Well, I mean, the difference between pijo and pijo, which I can't hear.
All right.
So, all right.
But they can.
Yes.
I can give you a quick lesson.
I can give you a quick, a very quick lesson.
I said, can I use the restroom?
He said, he wants a rest.
No, you can't.
He said, no, I mean a bathroom.
And they said, no, you can't.
There's no such thing as a bathroom here.
And I said, loo.
And they went, oh, yes, it's down the hall.
The loo.
The loo.
The WC.
They didn't know what a bathroom or a restroom was.
And they made a big deal of it.
That's why I had to...
Where's your crapper?
Now, they...
That means nothing to them either.
And...
Even though Sir Thomas Crapper was an Englishman?
And in England, the word outhouse simply means an adjoining shed in your yard.
It does not have the meaning that we have here in the States.
Especially if you have to pee on the wall and call that sedentary.
I call that art.
I call that jolly rude.
Jolly rude.
And those who...
Who read these words of pee...
Will certainly always remember me.
Here I sit, brokenhearted.
Oh, well, everybody knows the classics.
In days of old, when knights were bold and outhouses weren't invented...
They left a load in the middle of the road and went away contented.
Yes, indeed.
Weep, weep, weep, weep, weep, weep.
See, that's not something I've heard...
You're the only person I've ever heard say that, aside from my grandfather.
Well, I learned it from Mark.
My father, who is about the same age as your grandfather.
And if you bear in mind the fact that staying does look like your grandmother an awful lot,
especially after a load was left...
You're not kidding, my...
Thank you, Dan.
Reverend staying here actually does look a little bit like my grandmother
from a certain angle and a certain light.
One of my two grandmothers.
Take a load off.
Until you see the beard.
How about a cup of tea?
More so now, because your nose gets bigger as you get older.
But, uh...
What are you talking about?
Drop the heck out of these.
Older?
What do you mean?
Why, you're only as young as you feel.
Yeah, that's right.
80 isn't a new 60.
Excuse me.
I don't know.
I mean, look.
I felt like an old man since I was two years old.
One of my earliest memories.
I'm not kidding.
One of my earliest memories is being pushed around in a stroller.
Yeah, I get tired of being pushed around.
And having my pants changed by somebody else.
Yeah, stop messing with my pants, too.
And one of the old ladies in the neighborhood looks down into the stroller.
She's like, oh, and how old are you?
And I hold up two fingers.
And she says, oh, two?
That's old.
Wow.
So, yeah, I was told I was old when I was two years old.
It made me feel old.
You're an old soul.
And I haven't gotten over it since.
You're an old soul.
Oh, I just love it when people tell me I'm an old soul.
You're like, oh, you must have been reincarnated a lot of times.
Well, it's better than calling you Lake Champlain or something like that.
At least there's something to me.
I said, F you very much.
I remember learning all these things in this life.
Thank you.
You know?
Some of us read books.
About three of us, as far as I can tell.
That's right.
In love with the printed word.
You know what?
I have a horrible confession to make.
I haven't read an actual book in a few years.
God, man.
Hey, why don't you read my book?
I spend a lot of time reading news articles.
And, you know, encyclopedia articles and stuff.
You're talking to an author here.
He wants to know why you don't want to read his book, which is available.
Jim Neighbors World.
And we do have to disclose that Dr. Howell stands to profit from any sales of any of his books.
And we are not going to tell you to go buy them.
And we're not going to tell you they're good.
And we're not going to tell you the prices.
But Dr. Howell has written some books.
Yes.
And they're out there.
I was talking about my book about Neighbor World.
Dave's trying to plug his book.
He's neighborly over there.
Yeah.
Available from, wait, can I say that?
And we're going to Starwood.
And there you're going to see author John Shirley talk about his books in an attempt to get people to buy them.
And Vermin Supreme.
Oh, yes.
He has a great write-up.
Supreme will be there.
Vermin Supreme.
Vixen's violin.
Erica Soto.
She was a guest on this very radio.
station about three years ago during the Republican National Convention.
He was here in Cleveland.
Not to mention Fat Man D, the Gypsy Funk Squad, the Sweet Maple Singers, the Hills and the Rivers, and Daddy Longlegs' Homegrown Revival.
Fat Man D was a truly great performer the last time I saw her.
She is.
She exudes talent.
Now, get this, Dr. Howell.
It says here that President Supreme is going to give a class.
It's a class called Hooked on Megaphonics.
Learn street protest megaphone techniques and skills.
He doesn't have his own megaphone.
We have to get one for him.
Get one to shout him down.
We need one ourselves.
Yes, we need one for X Day.
Find out the history of humor and satire in politics from Jonathan Swift through the Yippies and Abbie Hoffman to the Yes Men and the Ask Dr. Howell.
The show.
Oh, I just.
I've been thinking that.
Well, the Yes Men were.
Remember that event that you were the emcee of in San Francisco on the Castro Theater stage?
Yeah, that's right.
The Yes Men were there.
Mm-hmm.
I have to take my hat.
If I were wearing a hat, I would take it off for the Yes Men.
I have to say that's a.
Well.
That's an example of practical.
Chicken John.
Joking.
Indeed, I take off my virtual hat as well.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Look, it says on this poster, which uses the subgenius hieroglyphs at the top, I just noticed.
So also see subgenius figures.
Now, I don't know if that's an advertising thing.
That means is you're going to have to put on a thong to show off your figure.
The thong remains the theme.
The church's BMI did improve a great deal a couple of marches ago.
Anyway.
Yeah, it says here.
Oh, look.
Reverend Ivan Stang is going to be there.
Author John Shirley.
Whose real name, by the way, is Reverend Piss Baptist.
Piss Baptist.
Look at this.
Ask Dr. Howell.
Not suitable for airport.
Yes.
And Fat Mandy.
On the same line as Wizard Oberon Zell, who's not a subgenius figure, but he's a friend of ours.
What an unlikely collection of characters you're going to see there.
And Dixon Violin, Gypsy Funk Squad, Sweet Maple Singers, and Spicey.
Space Rangers.
Space Rangers.
Space Rangers.
Space.
They're aptly named.
Yes.
They're a hard-working bunch of formerly young people.
Glittering star fields.
Well, they're still mostly young.
Against the vellum of the blackness of the void.
The infinite distances of freezing outer space.
Some of these children.
Haven't had anything flattened in the many years they've done the micro-grooves.
Which is really, really important in this planetary sphere.
Right here we got going on over the last, I don't know how many elemental years.
Return for re-grooving.
260,000 elemental years.
Is it?
Well.
I don't know.
And all the time we've spent, we've been here and everything.
Nobody's ever clicked the right message.
It's right in front of us.
It has a nose.
It has feet.
It has ears.
It has big fat, big boffo ears.
Is that another one of those invisible critters that's here that without my knowing about it?
How would I describe it if it was invisible?
I wouldn't know what it looked like.
Well, visible to you.
Look, if either of you guys had a smart phone, you'd be able to see those things.
Is that the elephant?
Yeah, really.
That's how I'm seeing them because they have clown shoes.
Clown shoes.
Oh, no.
Big, beautiful, beautiful hats.
Now, you see different.
It's a lady's hat from 1927 or someplace.
They've seen different invisible creatures than most of us do.
Well, I have no.
I was not working at least for the Russian KGB elemental movements.
You make you hallucinate all the time.
I know how to hallucinate without CIA or KGB influences.
Well, you know what I think, you guys?
I think 2019 is going to be a good year.
You think?
Especially if that's what comes.
Bob gets it all together.
So you think 19 is going to be a good year.
Maybe for subgenii, but pinks and clorps, no, never.
We have every reason to be super optimistic.
Because I know when Bob smiles, I'll ignore bad weather.
What about the dog?
What about the dog?
What about the dog?
He'll pee the floor.
And we better just leave it at that.
Yeah, we'll cut right there.
Yeah, you don't want to do Twitter.
So that was a sneak preview of the rock opera, right?
Yes.
Yeah, well, no, it is a pot, I mean a pot, a rot opera.
A rot, rot, rot, rot opera.
A dog.
It's an ex-day dog opera.
It's a dog opera.
Highly rot opera.
It's a pot, rot, pop, dog opera.
Over rot.
A pop rock opera.
A rock opera.
With sex.
With sex.
Sex.
Sex day.
Yes, exactly.
I mean, ex-day.
Brown hearted black dog.
He's in a fragrant, stinky land.
Oh, no, we weren't going to do that.
That's right.
No, don't do it because people still don't quite know what you're doing.
No more film songs.
You're obliquely referring to the article in question, which is a pair of old shoes.
You're obliquely referring to your dog, I believe, in the form of Tommy the Rock Opera.
Now you're pretending to be coy.
Like, what are you talking about?
I don't know what you're talking about.
What are you talking about?
I don't know, you know.
And then the next thing you go...
What do you talk?
What do you talk?
What do you talk?
You can talk, you can bicker, but it's different than it was.
Anyway, you may only have a few short hours left before the overwhelming apocalypse crashes upon us all.
And Buddy doesn't know what ex-day is.
He doesn't know who Bob is or what paying is.
What's that song?
How can he be trained?
When he has no brain.
How?
What if that old song, like, that old song that...
Buddy's joining in.
Now, did you ever hear that song that they made back in the 80s for charity where they said,
Do they know it's ex-day?
I don't think I ever did.
Do they know it's ex-day?
I can't remember what that...
Oh, yeah, that song.
That's all the rock stars, movie stars.
Yeah, they all got together.
They all sang, Do they know it's ex-day?
Oh, yeah.
They all held hands.
It was a big...
What?
Where did that money go?
Where were we supposed to get that?
That's right.
Well, it was supposed to go to the unmentionable children's home.
The unmentionable children's home.
It was a highly...
That's where my...
Charity.
That's where my son lives.
Oh, well, I...
Sorry, I didn't mean to bring up anything personal.
Well, I...
We screwed it now.
I mean, we just mentioned him.
Oh, man.
Yeah, well...
They're going to kick him out now because I just mentioned him.
Don't worry because you still haven't...
You haven't shouted his name in an episode like...
Like saying Derek Stoneface or whatever his name is.
You have to, you know, at least let the kid living in the next room know that he's talking
about somebody on the radio that he can kill with a sharp object.
Almost anybody can be killed with a sharp object.
If it's sharp enough.
Almost anybody.
But a lot of the people you hear tonight are actually galvanized steel workers making pot
iron, pig iron, and other forms of vaginal...
I've always preferred goat iron.
Goat iron.
I was trained to be able to kill a man using nothing more than a plastic comb.
Or a playing card thrown just right.
We know a guy who could throw playing cards just right.
Yes, he did.
Probably kill somebody with one.
Yes.
But it...
It's all in the wrist.
Like, it's literally all in the wrist.
He practices for an hour every day.
Every day.
Practice makes perfect.
Is his name Remy Lebeau?
No.
He's called the Executioner.
Executioner.
No, Magnus the Magician, actually.
He's a Las Vegas magician who also does...
He does stage magic professionally, but he also does ceremonial magic.
You better believe it.
Is he going to be an ex-team?
No, he has...
No, I wish.
He's...
We've opened for him a few times and done stuff with him.
And he...
He doesn't take openings and closings very well.
If you watch his show from backstage, it's...
All the magic is just gone.
Well, what are you doing back there depriving yourself of the fun of watching it from the front?
But he really can.
He really can just...
He can throw playing cards with deadly skill.
Oh, he does all the fancy things with cards.
Isn't that the same guy that you showed that...
Pretty amazing.
He's actually...
Isn't that the same guy with the knock worst?
The kielbasa sandwiches?
The old ladies or something?
No, that's Bragnus, the magician.
And he's not really that good.
He just brags a lot.
I thought I actually saw him shooting kielbasa at some old lady and she caught it in her teeth
and she jumped over the table and strangled him to death.
Well, they put the kielbasa on that.
And then they put the kielbasa on it.
Mmm, yeah.
What is that Tenacious D song about?
About the big sausage?
The Sausage Party?
Yeah, I'm stumped.
That was a great movie, by the way.
The movie about hot dogs.
Yeah, it's the...
Called Sausage Party.
It's one of my very favorite criticisms of religion.
The movie Sausage Party.
Yes, it's got an incredible opening number of all the vegetables and all the products
in the grocery store.
Singing how excited they are.
Because maybe one of the gods will purchase them and take them to heaven.
And there's a couple of crazy ones that were returned and they're trying to warn him.
It ain't heaven.
Oh, no.
It ain't heaven.
But one commits suicide.
He jumps out of the shopping cart and splatters rather than go back to what happened.
And pretty soon you find out what happens when they're taken home.
Yeah.
The lady starts chopping carrots into pieces.
Baby.
Baby.
Now you know.
Now you know how the mirror pie is made.
Hot dog.
The motion picture.
A wonderful scene where this housewife is holding a potato and she's starting to skin it.
And he's going, ah, me eyes.
Oh, the pain.
Oh, it's terrible.
And throw him in the boiling water.
Ah, boiling.
Ah.
And then she eats the baby carrots and you can...
The camera is in...
Inside her mouth looking outwards as her teeth crush the screaming baby carrots.
I've seen that before, like inside the mouth camera shots.
No, it's...
You know, in my family we have a saying, a scoped potato has few secrets.
A peeled potato has none.
Ah, me eyes.
Ah, that's a good one.
Mr. Potato Head.
And his bucket of parts...
Well, I think that's some of the most malodorous, ingenious thought I've ever heard provoking me.
And then there's...
There's a hippie...
There's a hippie voiced by Johnny Depp who's on mushrooms.
And he can understand the speech of the hot dogs.
We need to take a moment here.
He can communicate.
We need to take a moment here to allow a very special friend of the program on the air right now.
No money mark, you're on the air.
Greetings from Geni.
Lemon Stang, I gotta ask you a favor from a...
From Bob Dobbs.
Oh, no.
Okay.
So, we know that...
That July 5th has not been X Day in any of the past several years, so...
We don't know that.
If you could ask Bob to delay X Day again this year because that's the day I'm going to answer con.
And, you know, God or no, if Bob ruins my special day, I'm gonna kick his ass into the next county.
Won't somebody please think of the furries?
Very awkward situation here.
Yeah, the furries are in Pittsburgh already.
Where are the furries?
What are the furries, by the way, since they're all in Pittsburgh?
Well, they have a syringe on top.
You don't want to know, Dave.
Yeah.
You don't want to know.
All right.
Let's...
No money mark is one of the only men in town who is man enough to admit that he is a furry.
Don't knock it till you've tried it.
I haven't tried it.
I haven't tried it.
You have your special suit with the little ears on there and everything?
Well, actually...
No, I did not have a fursuit.
That's like...
You've come a fur piece to do this.
I would compare no money mark's furriness to, like, somebody having a serious kink,
but, like, they were fundamentally lacking in...
I don't know, like, what if...
Somebody uncontrollably sexually affected by stuffed enemies.
What if...
What if you had a scat fetish, but you had a colostomy?
You know, like...
That's not my thing.
No money mark does not have a fursona or a fursuit.
And he just strongly identifies with anthropomorphic...
He's a fellow traveler.
He's in their camp, as it were.
But he's fundamentally...
There's something fundamentally...
He's a mathematical communist on top of that.
He can say, like, pi r squared, or, you know, take his magic number,
something, and he's still going to always come up as a colon-gnostic communist cowboy.
See, Princess Wave, here's the problem.
Some people like to sleep with others who are dressed, for instance, as dogs.
We actually do sleep with dogs.
Who are dressed as dogs.
So we've taken the furries one step further.
Ah.
Further.
Further.
Uh, Reverend Stang, I have another question for you.
Here's your second question, Stang.
Ask Dr. Stang.
Hey, you just said that you were trained to kill with...
What was it, a pen or a paperclip or something?
No, no, no.
A plastic comb.
Okay, um, so who trained you to do that, and why?
I am not at liberty to divulge secrets of the inner Dobstown security squad.
And by the way, there's a special hidden master.
And by the way, if you need a paperclip or a comb to kill a human being, then you are weak.
So what, does the church have, um, you know, this sort of Scientology goon squad that goes around putting, uh...
Shh.
Stop it, stop it.
What are you talking about, dude?
I gotta bleep that.
I gotta bleep that.
Come on.
The subgenius league of ass kickers is an august...
group of, uh...
servants of Bob.
Yes, tremble and weep when you think of those, uh, superannuated aged assassins.
Slut.
League of ass kickers, SLA.
Oh, and sorry to get you, uh, in trouble, doctor.
Well, that's past the praying phone.
I meant Dr. Sinister.
Anybody saying something like that, he had to bleep.
Look, the first rule of the subgenius...
assassin squad is you do not talk about the subgenius assassin qu...
Except on college radio humor shows.
Yes, that disarms the victims.
Which, especially... and, and they have to be ones that aren't that humorous either.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's not funny.
Come on.
Yeah.
You know, we're not... that's a serious subject and most religions abuse their, their police, uh, secret police.
Uh, they, they use them abusively to control their followers.
Why entire nations...
...to force us.
We do it the other way around.
Well, you remember on Marsoon, uh, Mars, there's the Assassin's Guild.
And since this planet is actually Mars, uh, they're here.
Yep.
And if you're looking for any kind of cultural differences, you have to remember you have to rehydrate the calamari, the squid.
You get dried squid at a Chinese market, it's going to taste vastly different than fresh squid.
So you have to rehydrate it.
And you have to put milk in there.
It's an abomination.
An abomination.

An abomination, I say.
Coconut milk.
Coconut milk.
Uh, Dr. Howell, I have a question for you about San Francisco.
Well, if you must, I suppose I can, uh, make some attempt to answer it.
Okay, I assume that you're familiar with the, uh, the structure of the Sutro Tower?
Why, yes.
Okay, now, is it true that, uh, that the actual purpose of the tower is not to work as a, a broadcast and cell phone tower?
But to...
To ward off demons.
What?
To ward off demons.
Right, it's like a special thing with coitus.
You ever heard of coitus tower?
It has those things pointing up.
They, they, uh, scare demons away.
Just like the, uh, ornamental devices at the corners of sacred buildings and the Chinese
pagodas.
I thought that it was to, uh, uh, send and or receive messages from aliens.
No, that's coit tower you're thinking of, which is a large penis emerging from the,
from the, uh, island there.
Some people call it the end of a fire.
I don't know.







I don't know the exact word for it.






Anyway, your own body is a radio receiver, and if you just silence the chatter of the
overbrain, those alien messages will come in loud and clear in stereophonic sound.
Well, if my, uh, body really were a radio receiver, maybe I could get better reception
than WCSB.
Maybe you could.
Ever given it a try?
Hey, by the way, I wanna say somethin' right now.
I, uh, I drove out into exurbia, uh, today.
I went to Macedonia, not to find the tomb of Philip, but to visit family who live in Northern Summit County.
And what was the upshot?
WRUW, the other station that's not us, they have bragged for a long time about their transmitter strength.
10,000 watts, we're awesome.
And, oh, WCSB only has 1,000 watts.
Guess what?
I could pick up WCSB down there.
But not WRUW.
I could not pick them up.
We're having a little trouble with their ionization layer down there.
Many, many longs ago, I couldn't pick up WCSB on 152nd Street.
Actually, it's funny, Dave.
When I used to drive out to the place that shall not be named where X-Day drills used to happen.
Yeah, Trump would, they call it.
WCSB.

There you go.
WCSB would always cut out as soon as I crossed the Ashtabula County line.
That was leftover psychic bad energy from the Ashtabula Railroad disaster of two centuries ago.
I had the most horrifying experience.
One X-Day drill long ago.
I had left Trumpwood Festival Center and was going to drive back to Cleveland.
I was living.
I was listening to cassettes I had just recorded that week during X-Day of Father Joe Mama preaching.
And I listened to about 15 minutes of it.
And I turned off the cassette.
And I could still hear Papa Joe Mama preaching.
It was static.
A lot of static.
But it was like, what the hell?
I was holding the cassette in my hand.
And I could still hear.
I could still hear the cassette.
Well, it was WCSB.
When they pushed the cassette out, it defaulted over to the radio, which was set on WCSB.
Once Ranger Rita, who was the program director for KNON, where we started the Hour of Slack in Dallas.
She was driving back to Dallas from Austin.
And she thought she was listening to the Hour of Slack for about half an hour.
Until it stopped.
And she sunk in that she wasn't listening to KNON, which was also 89.3, by the way.
And she was in between a rock station and a religious station.
And it was, you know, ACDC and Jimmy Swagger at the same time.
She just assumed that was the Hour of Slack.
Yeah, sounds like us.
She listened to that garbage half an hour, thinking it was her station.
Salvation.
Yeah.
That's a good one.
That makes sense.
Finally.
Well, and the first time you ever hear your own voice on the radio unexpectedly, that can give you a heart attack.
It can be disturbing.
Oh, yeah.
It's happened to me.
You know, once I was driving around and, you know, listening to Papa Joe Mama.
And then I took out the cassette and I could still hear his voice.
And I told him, hey, Papa, shut up.
Oh, for heaven's sake.
And so he just went back to sleep in the back of the car.
Oh, that just makes him louder.
That just makes him louder.

That just makes him all the louder.
It's perma-Papa Joe.
The demonic possession of some kind.
Can't let it go away.
I don't think anybody could see how it wouldn't be demonic possession.
They clearly have control over every part of your brain.
And all your thoughts are all rumored and all negatated by different orifices.
Excuse me.
Sorry, I gave it the orifice.
Well, since I'm nobody, Mark, I probably have to deal with demonic repossession.
There you go.
Oh, he's a repo man?
With Linda Blair.
No, I mean the sidekick in the nasal story.
I mean, you know, nasal academy like Annapolis, Maryland or someplace near there.
When you join the nasal reserve.
You've got plenty of nasal preserves to munch on later.
But I think everybody's kind of like a lacrimonial, a little bit hirsute,
kind of gathering up the willpower.
Or a little bit of her sign.
Tears, idle tears.
Yeah, bitter, bitter, bitter, idle tears.
This is crap.
Crap Radio coming up next.
K-R-A-P.
In fact, it's another very special episode of Crap Radio.
It looks very special.
Oh, I recognize one guest right there.
One of my favorites.
And this other fellow, I know I've seen his face before, but his name escapes me.
Nobody is really sure.
I don't know if he was in the House of Lords.
There you go.
I'd love to turn you on.
Green Acres is the place to be.
Farm living is the life for me.
Land spreading out so far and wide.
Take my hand.
Just give me that countryside.
Just give me that countryside.
Green Acres, we are there.
New York is where I'd rather stay.
I get allergic when I'm smelling hay.
I just adore a penthouse view.
With a look at Central Park.
Darling, I love you, but give me Park Avenue.
Green Acres, we are there.
The chores, the stores, fresh air, Times Square.
You are my wife.
Goodbye, city life.
Green Acres, we are there.
I'm glad I was here when it happened.
I think I can tell my grandchildren.
Ahhhhh.
Green Acres is the place to be.
So it looks like Heath is, uh...
You know when people harmonize and sing, that's when Dave talks.
Well, luckily for me I can't harmonize for Fred.
I am terrible at it.
I had to cut Dave from that last time we did that,
when we had the sing-along.
on the Dobbs shanty.
Sing along with Dobbs.
Dave, Dave, Dave.
There's a strophy and an antistrophe.
You know, it's funny the way...
I'm a strophy.
I say something and then back...
Dave's not here, man.
Princess, was it you who was just doing that...
Yes.
That was me.
This is like getting too ASMR for me.
Tsk, tsk.
I was trying to explain something that was very important.
Thanks to follow this, I know what that means.
And now, follow along with this.
Geek Acres.
We're going to sing that together finally.
Very good.
Princess, we and I wrote this takeoff.
And for last year, we were going to sing it together.
We worked really hard at that.
And then Donald Trump did it.
And then, yeah, then Trump made me go to Texas instead.
And she tried to sing it a little bit.
I sang it by myself, but it's not just good singing.
But did you see Trump in overalls?
I need to sing it with you.
Singing Green Acres?
This is a real thing.
I hate that person so much because...
Yeah, that was awful.
You don't want to do what you don't want you to do.
Terrible.
It was bad.
Don't hate that part, Dave.
His mind power.
Don't hate it.
Trump has great mind power, though.
You know, sir?
Oh, yes.
He can make you walk funny, talk, sing different things.
Oh, yes.
And if I were him, I would kill myself.
But I can't kill anybody else, so let's go.
You know.
Well, Dave, I'm sorry.






Well, we've certainly enjoyed this edition of the Hour of Whatever It Is on radio, whatchamacallit.
And we hope that you'll remember what you heard here.
You will remember that thing you can't remember.
It's that whatchamacallit, that thing that...
That thing that you do, that hoodoo that you do so well, that...
The thing...
The voodoo book you find in the dark alley.
It's a synchronicity.
It's a synchronicity.

It's a synthesis of hour of slack and...
The thing's next six exits.
Can you...
My friends, you do not understand that they, the conspiracy, are right now, as we speak,
trying to steal your slack.
Your slack.
How are you going to get your slack back?
Get your slack back, Jack.
You need to buy your saucer ticket, because the saucers are coming.
There is still time, brother.
You are born with original slack.
But the conspiracy...
The conspiracy is constantly stealing it from you.
Sucking it away.
You must, you must tell them all.
F them if they can't take a joke.
When they tell you choose A or B, you choose C.
That's right.
And the truth shall be revealed.
Oh, yes.
And the streets will flow with the blood of the nonbelievers.
My mom had decided to take me to the zoo for a four pence and...
Lucky she took you back.
...and you're a monkey.
...I'd be able to wear the strange underwear.
And I had a monkey hat that I had to wear at the same time.
A monkey.
So we stopped at the...
One monkey hat don't stop no show.
...I put me down at the...
We went all the way down to Yucca.
...to remember where everybody remembers where Yucca Beach Park used to be.
And I was on the rollercoaster.
Oh.
And your dad, oh, he was quite a person and he was 345 pounds.
You must be at least this tall to ride this ride.
Put a light weight.
And his ears were all...
I think I had a little bit of a backache.




dragged right along the floor, right along with him as he, you know,
shout those holy words.
Oh, he was so magnetic.
He was like a magnet itself or something.
My goodness.
Ah, childhood's lost dream.
So, Keith, how are you doing?
You really don't want me to go into it because you guys have this, like,
wonderful flow right now.
And if I answer that honestly, I'm going to completely drag down the energy level.
So we're just going to say, I'm fine, I'm great.
And I'm going to leave it at that right now.
But, yeah, I got guests of my own coming up.
Yeah.
Yeah, like I said, this is a very special episode of Crap Radio coming up,
but I definitely want to make room for it.
So thank you for the extra time, Keith.
Just stay tuned.
I'll be depressed.
Honestly, it's better than any of the garbage music I've done today.
Don't touch that dial.
Keep it right here.
I'm staking my future on possible collaborations with one of your guests.
We had a brilliant idea.
The other day.
Oh, man.
Anyway, no, I'm kind of joking there.
Let the crap flow through you.
Let the crap flow through you.
Indeed.
So anyway, folks, this has been a very special episode of Synesthesia.
Thank you, Nomani Marks.
Thank you, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, especially.
And thank you, Dr. Howell.
Thank you, Princess.
We thank you, Reverend Stang.
But of course.
But of course.
It's been a long, strange trip.
And until next time, keep it surreal.
Accept.
Next time, we're not going to be on planet Earth anymore.
Oh, no.
No, no.
The saucers will come.
Let's just hope there's radio.
Nos vemos muy pronto en el planeta X.
Planeta X.
Sí, nos vemos muy pronto en el planeta X.
Eso sí.
Y los demás pueden quemarse en el infierno con trabajo sin sentido, sin razón.
Hemos visto el futuro.
Y lo hemos pasado.
Until next time, folks.
Y los meses pasados.
Sí.
All right.
Until next time, keep it surreal.
And in so keeping, now we shall hear Andrew the Impaled and his band, the Liberty Tubes,
in an inspiring song called New Freak Nation.
Everybody get in line.
Everybody get in line.
Everybody from the newsroom.
New Freak Nation.
Open up your tired eyes.
Oh, get up now from your hibernation.
Our research shows a shocking rise in evil bullshit.
And how they pull shit in sick.
You'd be surprised to know just how deep it's gone.
Or maybe not.
So everybody, now's the time.
Stag a weapon and file out right behind me.
The freaky time is coming soon.
All non-believers leave the room.
Listen, won't be said again.
This is your life to defend.
We won't stand and live by as it devolves into madness.
Resolves in a sad mess.
A broken pipe dream of the day.
When we're all alone.



When freaks take control.
Oh yes, that's the goal.
Now who's still with me?
Hurry up this little time.
I'm running up on the dissipation.
You've heard enough of leaders' lies.
Lies.
You've learned enough to know the true frustration.
Burning in the hearts of every woman, man and child.
A firewall of style.
The truth is most folks are trained to just ignore it.
And that's some shit.
To turn the other cheek is fine.
If you don't care, but if you do, we're counting on you.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Whattafucka
What are you playing in 1997, California nobody used to guess your class is a N3札r

Looks like you're fine.
Lyrics.
Peace.
Do complimentation, y'know.
What are you watching me do, or bunch of maids?
Who will beat your fuckin' host?
I'm rolling.
Dig it bud.
Are you feeling weird?
The few who understand what's right
The few who hunger for some confrontation
Will get to undertake the fight
Get sent to usher in the new freak nation
No one knows why all the freaky kids outside are screaming
Or that they're dreaming, scheming
Once it flows, this river ain't never gonna stop
Even if we drop
For you, step one is just sit tight
And imagine all the things you'd change in this world
Some of you are gonna fail
Some of you are gonna fail
Some of you are gonna fail
Others will end up in jail
Danger lurks, so please take care
Try not to get killed out there
Most will say that we're mad
And implore us to give in
But the way that we're living
Just makes my hair curl up
Your fist and focus your power
For you'll soon know they are
We'll take back the world
We will find a way to change it
We're living at our destination


I don't need the verdade
They've been killed




I'll get up and die
I wanna fly
You know your dedi
Ancients we couldn't do
I told you old college men
And now you served me
Everybody from the New Frick Nation
Everybody get in line
Everybody from the New Frick Nation
Everybody now's the time
Snag a weapon and fire it
Right behind me
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Thank you, our good buddy, Andrew Laswell.
St. Andrew the Impaled, his band,
his first album, The Liberty Tubes,
New Frick Nation, and We're Outta Here.
You can know more at subgenius.com.
And the music in the background is by the Psychoskeletons,
and I think this instrumental actually has the title of
Uncle Stan.
Uncle Stan.
Uncle Stan.
Uncle Stan.
Uncle Stan.
Uncle Stan.









Something much, much worse.
And if you already have become a subgenius minister
and gotten that huge 25-piece membership kit
with button and bumper stickers and minister's card
and many frameable certificates and lots of dog's heads,
you might not have the book of the subgenius
or Neighbor World or even our world-famous pamphlets
over 100,000 sold.
Well, not Neighbor World, about 80 of those.
But come on, man.
Come on.
For that matter, there's fast clothing designs and drinkware with subgenius graphics on them
and all manner of fine Dobbsware and Dobbs gimmickry and Bob Daggets and DVDs of movies,
good and bad ones, mostly pretty good and very weird.
And CDs of what we did before the radio shows and after, like stage shows and such.
Boy, it's just an immense mess of keen and yet sacred collectibles, enjoyables and guilty pleasures.
And the book of the subgenius is autographed when you get it from us.
Not by Bob, no, sorry, just me.
Philo and Sterno and Byron and Onan are all going to be here soon for that movie premiere,
though maybe I'll get them to sign the copies I have in stock.
I won't let peas do it, though.
I better order those books.
Anyway, thank you, friends, and good night or good day or whatevs.
Praise Bob.
