Instead of making your dollars shrink by investing in United States savings bonds,
why not make them grow with interest by spending needlessly when prices are high?
Here's the way it works.
Seventy-five dollars invested now each month will in ten years turn into an income of one dollar
for as long a period as you forcibly bought forces of evil each month for a fact.
But now...
The Soul of Genius!
Our Soul of Genius!
Savings plans.
Do you know your daughter well?
And do you know she's dreaming?
Do you know your daughter well?

Do you know your daughter well?
Talk to her soon.
Do you know your daughter well?
And do you know she's dreaming?
You know as well as I, she stays higher than the moon.
And do you know your sister well?
And did you know she's drinking?
Do you know your daughter well?

And do you know your sister well?
Talk to her soon.
Do you know your sister well?
You know I think she's losing.
You know as well as I, she stays higher than the moon.
Thanks for the information.
Thanks but no thanks for the information.
Thanks but no thanks for the information.
Cause information's got your number too.
And do you know your brother well?
And the company he's keeping?
Do you know your brother well?
Talk to him tonight.
Talk to him tonight.
Talk to him tonight.


Do you know your brother well?
He's just a little strange, they tell.
Probably he'll go to hell unless you steer him right.
Thanks for the information.
Thanks but no thanks for the information.
Thanks but no thanks for the information.
Information, cause information's got your number too.
Well, yes, I know my daughter well, and yes, I know she's dreaming.
Said, yes, I know my sister well, that's the way it goes.
I know my sister all too well, yes, I know she's drinking.
How do I bitch at her for something she already knows?
And yes, I know my brother well, and the company he's keeping.
Yes, I know my brother well, he sings a different tune.
Yes, I know my brother well, I've heard it said he's queer as hell.
Pray that he's in love as well, higher than the moon.
Thanks for the information.
Thanks for the information.
Thanks for the information.
Cause information's got your number too.
Thanks for the information.
Thanks, but no thanks for the information.
Thanks, but no thanks for the information.
Cause information's got your number too.
Yes, they do.
Yes, they do.
Yes, they do.




My boss would be rich too.
And you are boss too.
And his boss.
See that dame over there in the car?
Oh my God.
They keep on breaking my heart.
If only we could get out of this vile dog stout.
If we could only borrow business.
If only these vessels could get us out of here.
These tiny little boats.
A sponge raft.
Perhaps we can fashion some sort of crew device.
And maybe if we flap our arms very, very hard, we will go.
I can help keep you boiled up, old Davey.
You and thing.
I have some idea.
I think while some kind of craft that we can float on,
I think I know what we can use.
We'll make our own ship.
No, no, no, no.
There's no chance.
Yeah, yeah.
We'll make our own ship, yeah.
We have some mailing tubes and all kinds of marshmallow cream.
It will be good.
It will work.
In order to sink, you have to lose your ship.
My friend.
In order to fly, you have to lose your little poo-poo head.
Yeah, he flies all the way along because he lost his little poo-poo head.
They call this inappropriate laughter for those people confined in mental institutions.
Don't you know the walls around you have eyes and ears and nose and throat, doctors?
You must be aware that Dr. Ben no longer exists except for in your own face.
The cerebral sexual organs.
The what?
They're contaminated.
The Dr. Ben's no longer exist?
You're contaminated.
You call this?
He is contaminated.
And no one understands it.
It's a lie.
Ah, yes, it is the most contaminated music of all.
Music made by doctors.
True, enlightened doctors.
We're going to remove your hypothalamus with sound now.
Oh.
Now, Dr. Philodrum applies his saxophone to the patient's sacroiliac in this sacred act of love.
Yes, friends.
Surgery is a form of intimate love.
And the doctors of the airwaves will do this to your very inner mind and your inner brain.
Just trust a good doctor.
Now, he's going to take out your spleen and your hava pancus.
He's going to replace the soles of those ears.
He's going to replace those tired shoes with a brand new hardened belly button.
Just like the one you wanted to go.
I was here, but it's over, doctor.
Sit down here on this barbed wire seat.
Don't worry.
Don't wink and knobble about those little winkings in your eyes.
Now, they're just controlling your rapid eye movements.
Those doctors have powers you don't know about yet, but you're going to find out.
Oh, you'll find out soon enough, my good fellow.
Oh, my good little nurse girl.
Yes, yes.
Come on into the operating room now.
The operating theater, we call it.
But on these rubber gloves.
Sit down, Dr. Cullens.
Pour this alcohol into your lap.
And here, drink some of this.
And have some of this gas.
And take this pill.
And take this shot.
And then this night here, insert this deep into your chest cavity.
Now, take these pencils and work them gradually into your ears.
Now, put on these headphones.
And give me $20.
You notice the acrobatics we are doing now?
Look at me.
Look at me.
I am a monkey man.
Look at my strong forceps.
Look at my chin.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
I bet you wish you could imitate this.
But no.
You need more.
More.
More.
Sound cut.
And more.
There will always be a need for more.
More slack.
And yet, more money.
More money.
More money.
And how, how, you ask me, Reverend Stang.
You say, how should I get this money?
With what you speak.
Because it's true.
Sure, slack is what you make of your imaginary, your dream.
But let's face it, we need money.
We don't need a bunch of this hoo-ha.
We don't need a bunch of new age gobbledygook.
We need money.
We need money coming into this radio station.
We need money coming into this radio station.
We need money coming into this church.
We need money coming into this wallet.
The one I'm sitting out of my butt.
Now I want you to get off your butt, my friends.
And get on down there to that sub.com thing.
And check out that because this is a prosperity ministry.
We are not going to sit here and just hope that some magical monkey's going to start crapping money out of its butt.
We want you to start crapping that money out of your butt.
So get with it, baby.
Oh, if only you understood.
If you were one of the brilliant shining lights of humanity, you would know that you can crap that money out of your butt.
Because these, these flying saucers make planets.
You know that you can create a better world for you and your mutant clones by simply following this.
Ow!
Ow!
Lugaaaa!
Oh, yeah.
It's not a big deal.
I was moving very close to some place I didn't want to go.
My head was throbbing, sure.
I had been knocked on the head three times by a bowling ball.
I didn't know what anybody expected.
Of course, the dame was no help either.
Sticking that strange substance down my pants.
I'm also trying to pick my donuts together with a safety belt.
I wasn't complaining though because I could still walk.
Unlike so many other Joes that passed this way before.
Yeah, not only could I still crack.
I could still, I could still, I could still.
Walking.
Hey, you.
Hey, you there.
Well, lean on the corner.
Yeah, no, no.
You there.
Lean on the corner.
Singing man.
Singing man.
Yeah, what do you want, buddy?
I need a little help.
Hey, you got some money.
Let's go ahead and keep singing.
What, I'll attend to this, to this.
What, are you a cop?
You police or what?
No, no, I'm a, no, I'm a private dickhead.
Listen, buddy, I've been out of the car for the last five weeks.
My pants are pretty shabby and, you know, I, I need a place to go if you catch my drift or.
Oh, you're looking for.
Huh?
You're, you're seeking something.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm seeking something.
I see.
Here, here, here.
Sit down, let me look into my crystal ball.
Thanks, I appreciate it, pal.
Close your eyes.
Let me look through this, the wallet of yours.
Oh, I see.
Hey, what you doing with my wallet?
I saw, I see.
Hey, now, just leave the wallet alone, hey.
Well, I tell you what we're going to do.
We're going to go see.
Thanks.
Oh, we don't need to go see him at all.
Here he comes right now.
You gotta drink a lot of it.
Here comes the man I wanted you to meet.
His name is Bob.
And you're about to meet Cheo Bob Dobson.
Cheo, look, look at him.
Here he is.
What a, what a disgusting body.
What a, oh my God, I'm, I'm gonna pass out from the fumes.
I, I, I, I want to go.

Grotesque looking.
My pipe.
Where is my pipe?
Well, sure, it was the same pipe he'd been smoking all along.
Of course it was.
But Dr. Zoo Man also knew that there was something special inside that pipe.
Something beside the usual hamsopropolis that he had been smoking for the last five weeks.
Of course, it was the demon sperm itself.
Inseminated by his arch-feigned rifle.
Lawrence, could you please, could you please get your hand off me?
Demon sperm, my friend!
Are you a victim?
Or are you a user of the demon sperm?
Are you, are you addicted, my friend?
Are you, are you lost in bondage to the demon sperm?
I'm gonna smash some of them down by the riverfront.
Come on, now, you can, you can tell an old preacher.
They can't, they can't do it, and they can't move their limbs anymore.
What about this demon?
Their feet are all diseased.
Demon disease.

Most of them have eye problems.
Eye, eye, eye, eye, this.
You know, they're egocentric.
Of course, they are the old wine of bums.
Eye, eye, sir.
We make good use of them, yeah.
So Shanghai Willie, I mean, Shanghai Nelly.
Across America, medullary thyroid cancer, which may cause endocrine neoplasia syndrome type 2.
Swelling of face, lips, tongue, or throat.
Fainting or dizziness.
Very rapid heartbeat.
Problems breathing or swallowing.
Swelling of the nose.
Severe rash or itching, which may cause a lump or swelling in your neck.
For a while, I took a pill, but it didn't get me to my goal.
Inflammation of the pancreas, pancreatitis.
Severe pain that will not go away in your abdomen or from your abdomen to your back.
Nausea, diarrhea, and headache.
Diet and exercise, with or without vomiting, may be fatal and should not be used.
Voids, chasms, and abysses.
Such phenomena have long exerted a pull on the human imagination.
Holes seem to resonate with us from the dizzying sense of standing on the edge of the world that one gets at the Grand Canyon.
To Alice's surreal experiences down the rabbit hole.
Metaphorically, we speak of emotional holes being left in our lives by bereavement.
But this is not only a human idiosyncrasy, perhaps an evolutionary hangover from our days as cave dwellers.
The truth is that holes are profound and important objects.
With the most famous examples being the black hole and lonesome cowboy Dave.
So, yeah, so what do you think I'm wearing the wrong headgear or what?
No, you've got the whole hole, Dave.
You're right.
Dave?
I've got the entire whole hole.
Yes.
Does that mean some kind of Gestalt thing or something?
You have the whole thing together regarding the holes in your personality and behavior.
You've got the whole Gestalt in your hand.
You've got the whole my Gestalt in your hand.
That's a lot of wind to be blowing.
That is a lot of wind.
Up someone's rectum like mine.
Which I'm not.
I claim to be very strong.
I have a lot of virtues.
I mean a few.
Are you bragging about?
What are you bragging about?
I'm bragging about my own.
The hole.
Yeah, okay.
Your hole.
My own.
The hole between your ears.
Mm-hmm.
The hole.
That big vacuum right there with the curly noggin.
Have you been discussing the recent events in the.
Yes.

Sofalia?
Sofalia?
No.
I've been afraid to even know about those things.
But what about the events of Farfall?
Farfall is very highly balkanized and divided into many, many parts,
and that's why you have to cook it with chicken soup.
Ah.
But what about the country of Amerikey?
There was such one place.
And now it's denigrated into a pile of substandard ideas mixed about with cheese and fornication.
I hate to sound so rude.
Well.
But I believe it's the vast harlot of the billion.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bobalon.
I'd like my American done medium, please.
Yes.
How do you like America?
Oh, sorry.
I'm sorry.
Rare.
I'm sorry.
Rare.
Not too many of them.
But one is enough.
Yes.
Ah, yes.
What if the world were filled with an equal number of competing Americans?
Well, that's what.
Eventually, that's what J.R. Bob Dobbs would like to see.
Everyone be a rich, fat, ugly American, but without working or struggling.
I mean.

Or hindering anyone else's slack.
Of course, that would be ideal.
But unfortunately, a certain group of very rich families got together one Thanksgiving
day and ate most of America for Thanksgiving dinner.
I thought I was going to say most of the inhabitants, which is true.
Well.
In many ways, the form of cannibal, social cannibalism they practice.
Hey, did a poor man ever give you a job?
No.
Nobody made a very, very moist, tender venison style shake.
Shake.
Smurf.
Shake.
I read that phrase a lot.
Oh, you hate the rich.
Did a poor man ever give you a job?
There's all these.
I get the impression that a lot of unpaid people are working really hard for just a very few rich people.
And they're not even getting paid for it.
They're doing it out of love and out of hate.
Actually, more out of hate than love.
Their profits can keep going up.
So they don't want to stop growth.
You know what I mean?
That means nobody else can grow unless it's some sort of big, some two-meshed item coming out of the middle of their forehead, which doesn't pick up the signals right.
Which could be, you know, quite easily done nowadays.
Oh.

Oh.
Well, yeah.
Well, yeah.
Yeah.
You mean like, yeah, of course.
So I wouldn't want to be one of the first ones to press the button.
And neither would I.
Oh, you're just trying to avoid responsibility.
Someone has to do those unpleasant jobs, my friend.
Someone has to push that button and carry that football, the silver football attached to the president's.
To the other world.
What?
Another one, anyway.
Yeah.
But, I mean, how do you think, I mean, what would you do if you were in Harry Truman's shoes?
He actually had the choice.
Should I push the button or not?
And he thought, well, it's going to be worse if I don't push the button, I guess.
Hard shot to call, ain't it, to commit genocidal stuff.
To thinking, well, maybe this will cause less horrible genocidal stuff.
Especially on our end.
Who knows?
I don't know.
I would hate to be in that position.
And only a madman would run for dog catcher, much less president.
But I guess that's what it takes.
A madman.
I'll second that.
Basically, one thing of this idea of, you know, there's too many people and we can't feed them.
The we who is going to, not Princess Weed, but the we who is going to feed them, just a few short while ago,
was the actual we who made them to give them back to the people who made them.
Nowadays, you've got these genetically modified food industries.
I hate to sound like a normal idiot on the radio and stuff.
But they're taking away people's rights.
Don't worry about that, Dave.
I don't think you need to worry about sounding like a normal idiot on the radio.
Okay.
But yeah, what about this frankenfoods and gene monsters?
Well, they're screwing everything up pretty good.
Because all the frankenfood is frankenfood that has to be bought every year.
So you see, nobody can just go out and get some heirloom seeds and throw them and say,
Hey, here, I'm going to start a garden.
They've corporatized food production.
And they don't corporatize other things very good.
Imagine what they're going to do to the food and already have.
Well, I think Dr. Frankenstein got a bad.
Bad rap there because he grew his own.
Well, I mean, he raided a few graveyards for seed stock, but he basically built his own.
Well, they've gone and people who borrow genetics from one creature, you know, like from a wolf spider and they transplanted into a spider wolf and it turns into a wolf spider spider wolf.
And that would be cool.
That makes a good pet.
The problem is that if one.
Even one gets out into the wild, it will destroy the universe of all the smaller creatures nearby.
And then when it runs out of food, it's got to eat its own foot.
And after it's finished eating its foot, whose foot is it going to be sniffing at yours, my friend?
So you better watch those Frankenstein wolf spider computer gods.
They're everywhere and they are watching you.
Those aren't your neighbors.
Those are members of a gang out to get.
You Wolfgang.
Yeah.
They're all they're all Amadeus types and so forth.
They'll wear funny wigs and everything.
And that's that's one of the reasons why you have to be especially scared of them because they look so like, hey, look, man, it's like a guy doing Wolfgang Mozart and so forth.
Right.
Amadeus, you know, haircut and stuff.
Speaking of haircuts and credits, which I didn't give earlier, our collage titles were by Lemur.
The song, thanks for the information, is a newish live version of that Rainmakers song by the Rainmakers.
But it's from a DVD called 25 on.
And and for about eight minutes there, we heard some great old recordings from this radio station that I'm recording in now.
WCSB from an old hour of slack or maybe swamp radio from 2001.
But I can't understand.
I can't understand it because I don't think I was engineering in 2001.
And yet I was engineering that part that shows what it was like when Dave could still come to the station.
And his car still can't come to Cleveland.
I still drive home to Cleveland.
And and it was it was a little more.
It was fun having you in the station, Dave.
Even despite the well, the things that jump off of you.
And come with you into the station.
Oh, but the party before and after the show is even more fun.
Don't want it.
Oh, yeah.
When we put a guy in the fleet.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Blip burbit.
I just put some poundage into my car because of this awful winter weather.
Yeah.
Didn't want you.
But you have to constantly because you could freeze up any day.
Bear fat.
Buy a tire.
Because my tire was my.
I'm making my car shake violently.
Like I do sometimes.
Well, that's been going on for about 20 years now, hasn't it?
What did the seizures?
Yeah.
Well, your car and property and so-called liberty seizures.
Someone wants to take my property from my liberty or something.
Well, we were talking about trying to take Dave away from Ash Tabula and bring him to our X Day Festival event.
And oh, speaking of that.
Friends, for those of you with a computer or a phone that does like a computer, if you
look at subgenius.com, there's a whole new section about 17 X Day.
It may be important to some of you since it is the date that the world ends this year,
July 5th.
Anyway, there's a whole lot about our unfortunately yearly end of the world camp out.
If you go to subgenius.com and then look for either the word X Day or click on the events thing,
these are all on the front page.
People have trouble finding them though there.
I've had people go, I can't find where our slack is on your website.
Well, have you tried the second word in on the homepage?
I don't know what else I can.
So anyway.
Yeah.
I know there's a lot of, they're not Luddites like myself.
They're actually just a social rep.
They're lazy.
They're just, they're not Luddites.
They're lazy and they hate you.
And well, have you ever heard of the viscous fornicating machines that actually liquefying
with gel?
All the spasms these people had over say centuries, many, many centuries.
And some genetically they keep altering them more and more and more and more until all they can do is just liquefy the rock.
Wow.
No, I wasn't aware of those.
Well, you better cause they're sniffing around your underpants lady.
Viscous fornicating machines?
I wondered what that machine was.
Are we going to be genetically altered to the point where we'll also be cybernetic?
Well, I, uh, would you change?
I thought Bob was going to put it into all them guys.
The machine has done its work, played its part well.
So, unfortunately we're the cogs in the machine and must go under.
Yes.
Unless we can be greased properly.
My friend, if Bob Dobbs walked into your life today and said, you can ask me one question,
what would that question be?
What?
No.
No.
The question I just asked doesn't count.
I got that from the Slack Hole Facebook page.
I think Priestess Pisces asked that question.
What question would you ask Bob?
And a whole lot of people answered.
Most of them were the usual, you know, who put the ram and the ram-a-lam and ding-dong, that kind of thing.
But I instantly knew what I would ask Bob if he gave me the chance.
Can I go home now?
Yeah.
Home and do the work.
Can I go now, Bob?
Are you done with me?
Can I come back to what I was doing before?
Back in 1970.
So I could nurse my wound and put some cream back there, you know, some ointment back there
for everything you've done for me?
Yeah, Bob, can I go back to, can I get back to that comic book I was reading?
It's like a nurse, my wound is a bit too green.










Yeah, before you stuck your thumb in my eyes and made me see comic books that I didn't want to see.
Yeah, when you pulled your wool over my eyes.
Bob.
Can I go home now?
Should I, can I go home now?
Can I go to the bathroom now, Bob?
I really need to.
It's been 35 years.
It is sad though.
I know it's funny, but it's kind of bittersweet now.
It is kind of bittersweet.
Like a vacuum cleaner.
It is.










It has.
I'm sorry, guys.
It sucks.
It's sucks.
That was the word.
Speaking of sucking, back to the subject of holes.
This fascination with holes is also found in Outlet Mathematically, where curiosity about
shapes and the possible holes they may contain has given rise to an entire subject, topology,
emerging from radical research.

The research has led to several new approaches to geometry in the late 19th century.
Now, back to you, Dave.
Holy opening.
Well, I'm just saying the late 19th century was a time of great social turmoil and scientific
discovery, although if we go back and very critically look at it and examine it from the
viewpoint of a person living in the year 2014, we'd say, man, these people were sick.
Because even the coolest stuff they came up with was painted with this bizarre, I'm telling
you, their brains weren't functioning.

Luckily, we're so-
Most people who wrote the history books weren't too good at writing what really happened.
Oh, thank goodness we're so much better and more accurate and know exactly what's
going on.
What the hell is really going on?
That's what we know here in the early 21st century.
Yeah, you're absolutely right, and I want to back off in the form of a kind of a howling
retreating.
No, wait.
Monkeys retreat and let you know that what you know is not true.
I don't know what you said I believe is more true than the point I was trying to make.
Well, I don't know what I said, but if I said it, then you'd better pick up on it.
Well, you said once you ascend the height to see what has happened and what's going
on and all that stuff like that, you see a vast river that's going both ways, and so
you kind of-
There it goes.
Well, I'll let it rest on its own.

Ambevillent river.
By the way, I've been meaning to ask you-
Ambevillent river, yeah.
Dave, how are you able-
That moment, you, Princess Wee, are-
I'm sorry.




I forgot the word.
That was brilliant, but not almost.
Terranian, subterranean.
Subterfuge?
Subgoose?
Subinutia?
She subduced me.
Yeah.
The night we got married, she subduced me.
By the way, Dave, I've been meaning to ask you for about 25 years now, how has it made







you feel that you can play your guitar while you're on the phone like this, just chatting
away?
I've always been amazed when people could sing and play, but it's like you can play
and jam like this, and yet at the same time, you're just holding your conversation as if
you were paying attention.
It is amazing.
Well, it's actually a Wee guitar, or what's it called, guitar, that the chips can play
in the back of my skull.
Skull.
Skull.
So it's like Wi-Fi directly out of your brain and you're not having to use your fingers.
Cool.
For a long time, if you do remember in earlier shows and stuff, you'd hear some occasional
screw-ups between actually talking and actually playing and stuff.
Yeah.
Things would get weird there, but now I've got it, so I don't have to worry about it.
Whatever it's doing, it's doing.
Your synapses don't beat up on each other?
Well, they still do that, but that's not a contributing factor.
Ah.
The music still comes straight out of his brain, unfettered by taste or sense.
That is so awesome.
There's one moron who's saying I sound like a bad version of Hendrix.
Well, yeah, it is kind of bad version of ... I mean, even Hendrix couldn't be on all the time,
and they made him get up.
Yeah.

I mean, they'd be up at unearthly hours of the morning and go to work and play a concert
and then play another concert, then play another concert, and then they'd say, okay, you can
go to bed, but first you have to party with all the record executives until four in the
morning.
Then we need to get you up at eight for your photo shoot.
But I've noticed they never did that to us, Dave.
They never worked me to death or made me show up for photo shoots or anything.

Did they do that to you?
Did they make you do concert after concert?
Why you always ... I remember from all days of touring with the Church of Genius and various
bands and the electronic Einstein Orchestra and so forth, that thing is always missing
the buffet table, but the funny smell is coming out somewhere.
I don't know exactly which room or part of the dressing room.

I think area where he keeps the salad, so to speak.
He liked the salad tongs.
Also, a big timer at the bar.
Yes.
A big timer at bar for anybody's business.
Dave's special times in the hotels and bars is one reason why the record companies don't
call us anymore.
In fact, I don't think they ever called us to begin with.
So don't blame it on Dave.
We can quit blaming everything on Dave as of now.
Yeah.
That should be a relief for you.
I'm crying out loud for ...
I can relax for a while.
Yeah, I feel a little bit better myself right now.
Dave.
Hey, I guess I am gurgling a little bit as a telephone conspirator.
I think it must be the abominable monominal weather because it's the similar sound.
But I don't care.
I have another phone too.
It sounds okay.
I don't hear the drizzling.
I heard drizzling earlier.
My nozzle.
I heard your nozzle dribbling earlier, and I almost said something, but it went away.
Oh, wait.
I have to go fix it now.
And see, here's the thing.
I never know for sure if it's your nozzle that's drizzling or my nozzle because I can't
keep mine plugged up forever.
Well, if you've got a really, really functional third party, you can't keep mine plugged up















It's the third nostril.
It's the meta effect and the meta effort that creates a dew right up there.
Well, yeah, if you're really good, you can dribble out of your nozzle directly back into
your third nostril and you're done.
Yeah, like a mini horn cliers in Peru.
Without a neti pot?
No, the nasal cusp, the actual, the electronic breathing, the fire within, jolly old sleigh
rides and all that.
Did you say electronic breathing or electronic breathing?
Because one of those doesn't make sense.
Breathing is when you breathe in one nostril and blow out your nostril at the same time
you're blowing the double-reed instrument.
Oh, right, right.
Like the didge players do.
Like electronic circular breathing.
Yeah, or like double-reed players used to do back when they had analog instruments.
Or like Jabil's singing technique of an outside game where you'd sing, you are an alien.
But I won't do that again.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Fishingly, officially, not officially, strangely, unusually, I'm having a big trouble talking
to you.
Oh, I'm doing the Vincent van Gogh routine again, I see.
I think I drank too much coffee!
Keep your hands away from the mirror.
Because I drank too much coffee.


You're pretending to eat in the distance in the future.
Maybe I should have gone to the b-b-b-b-b-b-bathroom first before I drank all that co-co-co-co-coffee!
No, no, no, no!
Oh, boy...
Oh, boy...
I feel better now.
See, that's, uh, why my humor is so funny.


a sophomoric and anal and child repentant
because you are his.
See, it's not all Dave's fault.
It's partly my fault.
Not his reflection of you, my dear.
And you are being quite toilety.
Yes, you made me cry.
Princess, well, you know,
I'm going to have to manually lower the volume
on each of those cackles.
He knows it's all an experiment.
Take no words.
It's just a fused cascade.
She can't keep her hand from the new, new, new fused cascade.
Yep, who the hell knows what that means?
I don't know.
I know I don't.
I'm left out in the cold.
Well, I was going to let you and Dave
do the whole show tonight
because you had coffee.
And Dave, well, you know, so...
Coffee?
Yeah.
I had coffee.
You had coffee.
I was pretending that I...
I actually have had about 20 cups of coffee today.
That's normal.
After that first cup of coffee?
Yeah, the one you have when you're 16 years old.
After that, it's all downhill.
I remember my first cup of coffee.
All day long at school, I thought,
man, if I drink this stuff every day,
I'll be able to do anything forever.
You'll feel like an elephant or something, you know?
Yeah, yeah.
Now your nose will get real long
and you'll be able to pick up small trees with it.
But now it's more like I have a cup of coffee
and I go, okay, now I can go to bed.
But you see, I had a job
that when I was drinking the coffee,
I could really put a lot of people in danger.
By my vibrations of my hand.
So I had to stop drinking the coffee
and that lowered my tolerance, you see.
Well, you can't handle delicate instruments
when you're doing heart surgery.
That is correct.
After the 15th cup of espresso.
Now, because Princess Wee had a type of discipline
that I'll never know and didn't drink coffee for many years.
Now, when she has a sip of half-calf,
it's about like a line of...
It's about like an eight ball of meth
being injected into your collapsing veins
for a normal person.
But for her, she gets that effect
from a half cup of half-calf.
Right.
Go out and shovel the whole driveway.
Lucky her.
Do about 50,000 exercises.
I have to mainline hardcore coffee
just to go to sleep.
I'm telling you, everything's fine, man.
It's safe.
Are you all right, Dave?
Yes, there was, oh, an invisible thingy.
An invisible thingy?
On that part of my head that makes me angry.
Ooh.
Well, you know they have medicine for that, Dave.
Burry creature.
They can get some acupuncturists.
Electromagnetic fuzz of some kind.
Some sort of noise.
They can fix that with medicine.
Needles.
They have medicine for the invisible goo?
No, no, they do it with needles up your nose.
They put those acupuncture needles, but thicker.
They stick them up your sinuses right...
They can get behind your eye,
through the eye socket hole,
and into the brain pan,
and kind of wiggle it around a little bit
and stir it up,
and you'll forget your address.
I'm not quite sure I like this idea.
You'll forget your address to begin with.
That's the problem with a lot of times
is you...
You're not even remembering.
You're acting like...
Well, sometimes that'll stimulate lost memories
or even better, memories that never happened.
But sometimes you become confused
and you'll go to...
You'll walk into someone else's house
and sit down at the dinner table
and urinate in your pants
and start saying, you know,
some childish memory.
And you can't have that.
You can't have a...
And this is what the world's probably gonna come to.
There's just gonna be people wandering around
going in the wrong house,
the wrong hotel room.
Urinating in their pants.
Well,
I'm sorry I added that part.
It was for fun
and so forth and everything.
But you know what I'm saying?
I do.
Sitting down at your computer
and doing something
or eating your food
or arguing with you
about the species of supernatural beings,
whether they had me or not.
Are you talking about Super Bowl last week again?
Supernatural beings?
Supernatural beings?
What?
Was I talking about supernatural beings?
I don't...
The supernatural bowl?
Yeah.
What?
I got confused there.
For one second,
I got confused by what you're saying.
Fantasy beings?
I think I might have been influenced
by another histrionic paper
in the media
that analyzed the subliminal messages
of the entire Super Bowl,
including the on-field
as well as the commercial messages
and concluded that America's...
Well, a bowl is...
Party?











Party?





and perhaps the simplest observation
anyone can make about a shape
is whether it comes in one piece or more.
Yeah, and also if it's got
that omega shape...
That's the first thing
you got to ask yourself
about any shape.
How many pieces are there?
Is it truly one piece?
Or would you say,
well, this square part is one piece
and this round part is another piece?
And that's what they've known since the beginning of the first years of Zippy.
Since the days of occlusion, long back before people even had teeth.
That was the idea they used to like to bite into and stuff.
But the mind is just a piece of pudding or something.
The human mind once was like a hard leather you could chew on, but now it's like a flimsy little wafer, a little cracker, a dry cracker.
The Omega Bowl involves a hole. You couldn't have the Omega Bowl without a hole.
In technical terms, a shape comprising just a single piece is connected.
A description that applies to triangles, spheres, straight line segments, pyramids, the bagel-like torus, and many other more exotic shapes.
But if we were to take two triangles...
Two triangles with a hairy gap between them. Get it?
Two triangles with a gap between them, and then treat that pair as a single object.
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-ha-oo-ha-ha-oo.
As above, so below. Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-ha-oo.
I think Levin's saying is being rather obtuse.
No, no, I'm actually...
It's esoteric.
I was...
It's a former esoteric.
Yes, esoteric.
Yes, esoteric.

Esoteric also.
I'm reading from a math book called Chaotic Fish Ponds.
That sounds like a good name for a day.
Chaotic Fish Ponds.
I guess if they can read Hawking, Steve Hawking, you know, the physicist guys, Hawking.
If they can read Hawking's brain enough for him to talk like a really artificial sounding thing, then...
What's the matter?
Have you ever heard a man with stroke cancer before?
Well, there's none of that going on supposedly now.
He just...
He just...
It's just mostly his brain waves.
I mean, his thoughts.
You mushed his brain waves?
I read an interview with Stephen Hawking in Playboy, of all things, and they asked a question everybody wonders about.
So, do you...
Can you get your nut?
And he basically said...
And they said, are you normal or are you just...
Do you have some kind of freaky sex life?
Tell us about your sex life since you have this condition that keeps you paralyzed.
And he said, well, I'm basically a normal guy with normal needs.
So, take it from there.
Oh, boy.
So, in other words, yeah, it's probably a little frustrating.
Yeah, but, you know, the impact...
To not be able to move.
From there, yes.
You leave the imagination to...
Why didn't you just come?
Come out and explain the whole thing today.
But, see, he can sit and just think.
And sometimes I envy people who are crippled.
But doesn't he have...
Because it's like, well, then I wouldn't have to work.
I could sit and just...
You know how big our stack of unwatched yet movies are, Princess Wee?
It's practically endless.
Just think how wonderful it would be to be in an iron lung and have no choice beyond what movie you're going to watch.
No.
You could just...
You don't like that idea?
No.
You could go to a social service agency and tell them you think you're losing your mind.
And everybody would probably agree with that.
And then you get a special...
You get to go on social...
You get to go on a thing for crazy people.
They give you money every month so that...
But a lot of times you have to live where they tell you to so they can keep an eye on you.
Right.
It's easier than it sounds.
I went to a doctor trying to get him to...
To give me pills because I was crazy.
And they gave me...
They said, but sir, get this.
I was told this by a doctor, but you're not crazy.
So we're not going to give you those pills you want.
And I said, well, can't you tell I'm crazy to get more pills?
And they went, yeah, but that's not the kind of crazy we mean.
It's like, oh, well.
Oh, you get to pick and choose who deserves help for being what kind of crazy.
Yeah, basically.
Yeah.
Yeah, like what brand of crazy did you want, doc?
I can give you any brand you want.
I'm telling you, McMurphy's rule is what's encompassing the entire United States.
You would hope it was McMurphy's rule, but it's actually Nurse Ratched's rule that's running things.
Unfortunately, she is the queen of the ward, but I think it's odd that we hear so many people talk about this in the last couple weeks for no reason.
Just even in places like, you know, parks.
Parks and public recreation halls.
They were talking about this there?
No, a bunch of people have been talking about, like, we're living in an insane asylum and we're all kind of like McMurphy or something.
Like, we've got to pretend like, yeah, yeah.
Oh, duh.
Somebody's just now caught on to that.
I guess somebody didn't read their kindergarten version of subgenius pamphlet number one.
Page.
One right under the first sentence, which I think is one dollar.
I think that's what it says right there.
You are being.
Yeah.
What you said.
You are a being and you're in you're in big trouble.
Well, that is probably the most.
The first thing that comes to my mind is like a really tired chimpanzee.
Somebody's trying to braid their armpit hair without getting beat up.
You pull sometimes too hard.
He speaks with the voice of experience when he does.
He does.
And it's terrifying.
You think he'd been braiding chimpanzee armpit hairs of troublesome, irritated, large male pantroglodyte chimpanzees?
Since he was knee high to a grasshopper.
Not such little bonobo girls that, you know, want to do a bonobo handshake.
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
We know what that means.
No, no.
It's arm hair, armpit, chimp armpit hair braiding all the way down for this particular radio show emanating from this particular world religion.
The Church of the Subgenius.
Right.
Like, yeah, you can see Bob.
It's not.
You can see Bob as a lap dancer or a pole dancer.
It's not like he's a male dominated figure.
He's a man of any kind.
Well, the way they say.
But she's kind of a.
Well, never mind.
Between Bob and Connie, who were.
Well, you know what they say.
Well, I know Connie actually was a pole dancer for a while.
But the illusion of Bob being a pole dancer and being able to, you know, put money in different parts of his body and have people come and earn that.
Never mind.
They say Bob's Bob's definitely the one wearing the panties in that family.
Connie was a dancer in Poland.
Yeah.
I thought you knew that because you thought of that.
No, I did not know that.
I never knew that she was a Polish dancer.
Well, you know what?
What Gorski?
Oh, crap.
Whatever the hell they used to call in the pickles.
You know what I mean?
Both.
Why Rob?
Why Rob?
Oh, yeah, that's it.
I'll leave this conversation to you Yankees.
I don't know.
I'm from Texas.
We don't.
We don't see many people who are still.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't think they're still Polish enough to remember how to pronounce their names.
It's not the name.
It's the name of a type of pickle, which is very delightful.
The Wolfkwitz pickle.
I'm probably pronouncing it wrong.
It may be.
Is it pronounced more like?
Yeah.
I've never.
You know, it's hard for me.
I read a lot, but I don't.
I don't listen to the radio or television being completely and utterly deaf.
So I don't know how to pronounce things.
You know, I made a big deal of what I earlier when I started this show.
My fourth word was the word chasm.
And I said that because to make up for the many times that I said chasm on Chaz's show.
Of course, I really did that only because for Chaz's sake, I knew it was how to pronounce it.
He meant to do that.
Yeah, I meant to do that.
He knew he was trying to start his own religion of Chazism.
And he did feel threatened as a high.
He popped it.
He was going to be a Martin Luther.
How's a little kid from Texas supposed to know how to pronounce chasm?
It looks like it says be chasm or examine.
How do you how are you supposed to spell out a word like examine?
Or meant mizeled.
Yeah, mizeled.
I was mizeled by your crude pronunciation.
But when I examine it closer, I got even more confused.
Because of my frigilly ego.
To use all of the cliches now.
We chewed them up and spit them out.
Mowed the lawn of cliches.
Where's the garbage?
Where's our garbage bag?
Our lawn bag for cliches.
You took it right down to the dirt.
Just tip it right down to the dirt.
That's what I say.
Let's do it.
Toss them back in the recycle bag and mash them up some more.
Maybe we'll find some even more weird words.
I want it to be more funner.
I want it to be more funner.
I want it more funner.
That's what that girl named who called herself Reverend Dildo Valerie said when she came to her first ex day.
After about two hours, she walked up and said this should be more funner.
What should be more funner?
The act of self or the act of acting out the acting?
I said, well, take off all of your clothes and get up on that stage and explain to us how it should be more funner.

And then she did.
Well, no, she eventually did.
She caught on.
Oh, yeah, okay.
We make our own laughs.
And in fact, didn't she and Reverend Bunny Day appear at the costume party with no costume on except for a costume umbilical cord?
Yes, that is correct.
Connecting the two of them.
Yes.
As if they were each other's mother.
Mm-hmm.
And that's all they had on.
Later, they appeared wearing nothing but black oil because it was a statement about the oil spill, the Gulf oil spill.
Uh-huh.
So these are the kinds of things you can expect to see.
Creative costuming using minimal materials such as one long piece of red yarn or chocolate syrup.
And imaginative beautiful young women.
Well, one was skinny and one was kind of plump.
And I believe you had dibs on the skinny one and I had dibs on the plump one.
The way we had it worked out.
But it was a moot point.
It never came to.
The golden sausage lady and I guess she was dressed immaculately while she was born immaculately.
And I can't conceive of that.
I don't know what the next part was.
But I think it was something like she was thankful for all that sausage.
It grew on her body like a cabin boy grows on a werewolf.
You know, you're actually, you're thinking of the X day before X day.
The second drill in 1997 when that happened.
Ah.
The sausage grew all over that one really big woman that showed up and she said she was a sex goddess.
Yes.
And she had like organs of males and females all over.
Ah.
And she was in a costume of course.
Ah.
Underneath, who knows?
Well, that's a question there.
Underneath, who knows?
Right.
Because there could be nothing physical for us as humans as well, you know, whatever the heck we are, to actually say, well, there's a pancreas there.
There's an idiosyncrasy over there.
There's two valves and a hot cake here and stuff like that.
They don't have, you know, organs and orifices like that.
Right.
They're different.
They're trans-substantial and they're trans-functional.
They could even like, if you think you're giving substance to an earthly body and all of a sudden you just want to disappear, you could change into another function.
Right.
All this cosmological conversation sounds a long way from experiments with a beach ball and a bagel.
Yet, whether or not the textures of theoretical physics ultimately play a major role in our future understanding of the universe,
the remarkable thing is that with the mathematics of holes now well developed, we can end this stinking hour of so-called slack and go home to our respective hidey holes.
This has been the Hour of Slack number 1451 from the Church of the Subgenius broadcast in this particular rerun from WCSB in Cleveland.
And if you want more information about this show, you can check subgenius.com.
The music in the background is not really Lonesome Cowboy Dave playing over the phone, but some, a lot of really obscure Jimi Hendrix from obscure places.
Mostly Dr. Drummond's hard drive.
He probably got them from Bob and Bob probably recorded them with Hendrix.
So don't ask me for copies.
Oh.
An O is a hole.
I just thought I would add an O.
Oh.
Okay.
Well, we'll have to bring in Reverend Dennis Murphy to explain all about zeros, holes, and nothingness next week.
And for now, Dave, I must thank you for calling in, but I must hate you for not hanging up.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Because it is nine.
I'm doing outro.
It's almost, oh, go ahead.
Go ahead and outro your innie.
Outro.
Well, I was just going to say that I'd like to thank you.

I'd like to thank Reverend Dr. Ivan Stang, the Church of the Subgenius for the wonderful presentation, the faculty here.
I noticed so many of the people that helped make the fresh fruit pies and the other kids who just helped along.
Dr.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

