We interrupt this program to activate the emergency subgenius power of sparking.
Yes dear friends, we have lots of stories and sub-nanigans tonight, but first, just a little girl talk from his most recent release.
Let's get started.
Death's construction.
Get out the way, bitch.
Get out the way.
In the fields, a body's burning.
Get out the way.
As the war machine keeps turning.
Get out the way, bitch.
Get out the way.
Death and hatred to mankind.
Get out the way.
Poisoning their brainwashed minds.
Oh, Lord, yeah.
Oh, no.
The fight's out.
I'm about to punch your life out.
Get the fuck back.
Guard the grill.
It's a room.
We can't stay still.
I've been drinking and busting, too.
And I've been thinking of busting you.
I'm not your motherfucking forehead.
And if your friends a bitch, tell me both days.
Causing confusion.
Disturbing the peace.
It's not an illusion.
We running the streets.
So bye-bye to all you groupies and gold diggers.
Is there a bumper on your ass?
No, nigga.
I'm doing 100 on the highway.
So if you do the speed.
Then me get the fuck outta my way.
I see your eye hardly ever caught sober.
And you about to get ran the fuck over.
Boo bitch!
Get out the way.
Get out the way, bitch.
Get out the way.
Boo bitch!
Get out the way.
Get out the way, bitch.
Get out the way.
Boo bitch!
Get out the way.
Get out the way, bitch.
Get out the way.
Boo bitch!
Get out the way.
Get out the way, bitch.
Get out the way.
Let's go!

AIM!
AIM!
AIM!
AIM!




Teach me how to play it!
AIM!
AIM!

AIM!
AIM!
AIM!





They're bumping in a straight line
AIM!
AIM!
They're going through a tight watch
AIM!
AIM!
They're cheating as a lambant
AIM!
The blitzkrieg
AIM!
AIM!
AIM!

AIM!
The button in the backseat
AIM!
The generous seat hit
AIM!
AIM!
My fans in the backseat
AIM!
The blitzkrieg
AIM!
AIM!
AIM!
AIM!

AIM!
AIM!
AIM!
AIM!
AIM!
If you want it you can get it
If you win it I might hit it
Flip it, wrap it up and smack it
Look back at it, I might add it
AIM!
AIM!

AIM!
AIM!
AIM!


AIM!
Let's go!
Mississippi putting it down
I'm the hottest round
I told your mother
AIM!
Y'all can stop me now
Listen to me now
I'm left to 20 rounds
And if you want me
Then come and get me now
Did you win me now?
Then take your big trouble
I know you dig the way I
I know you dig the way I
People sing around
The people gather round
The people jump around
Keep it down
Keep it down
Keep it down
Keep it down
Keep it down
Keep it down
Keep it down
Keep it down

Keep it down
Keep it down

Keep it down
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Yes.
Yes, dear friends.
Last week we were reading from The Agent and Mr. Dobbs by Reverend Teeters LaVerge.
Actually, it's a document that Reverend LaVerge found.
Well, he came into possession of this document.
It was written in 1962, but was found in 1989 on the body of a transient party clown
that had been shredded and had to be assembled back together, which was not easy.
We read part one and a little bit of part two.
Last week, and I decided that even though I'm not in the studio with the fancy microphones at WCSB,
my studio at home here in the Slacker Mansion with this microphone is close enough for subgenius work.
That's what she said.
So we will continue.
Actually, I'll read the last paragraph from last week to help refresh your memory.
The agent, the unnamed agent, had fallen in with Mr. Dobbs.
I awoke, I'm not sure when, on a garbage-strewn beach in some tropical or subtropical location.
I recall the sound of ocean waves breaking on the shore and that of a mambo band.
I almost choked when I was offered a daiquiri by the dictator F blanked out, C blanked out.
We assume Fiddle.
Fiddle Castro, and I'm just going to say that from now on, who is sitting next to me on the beach towel.
I drank the beverage only out of a severe thirst.
It was tasty, however.
You can't beat good Cuban rum.
Sitting on the other side of me was Dr. Oswald, who was removing the cash from my wallet,
mumbling about, that damn Bob never pays me on time.
I was so overwhelmed that I did nothing to counter his actions.
Fiddle Castro kept serving me daiquiris, and so in a very short time, I found myself intoxicated again.
Though my actions may seem un-American, bear in mind that I considered myself still undercover.
I eventually extricated myself by saying I needed to urinate in the ocean.
While doing my business, I was startled by Mr. Dobbs shooting up out of the water in front of me like a deranged dolphin.
His pipe miraculously still smoking.
He mentioned that the water was quite a bit warmer here, and if I would not mind if he lingered to warm himself up a bit.
I, of course, never told him of the source of warmth.
I was startled again by what I initially thought were Mrs. Dobbs, Connie's, hands rubbing a strain out of my back.
Bob sat in the water in front of me smiling while I felt all the tension being massaged.


I could barely breathe.
It was incredibly relaxing until a slim, grey hand popped another Dobbs Co. pill in my mouth and smoothed it down my throat.
It was not Mrs. Dobbs!
It was that damnable, grey creature from that horrible first night at the Dobbs residence!
Bob found my confusion and fear amusing.
He laughed and jumped up and down the water screaming,
Bob wants one too! Bob wants one too!
Mr. Dobbs received a large handful of pills.
Pills, by the way, is spelled with one L throughout this manuscript.
Strangely, the pills seemed to sober him up,
unlike in my case, where the hallucinations began in earnest again.
For I could have sworn I saw Mr. Dobbs soon after,
absentmindedly battling a giant shark,
while lecturing both Fidel Castro and Dr. Oswald
on some convoluted concept he called slack.
The next event I clearly remember was having martinis in a jet
with Mr. and Mrs. Dobbs, the president and his wife,
and that abominable gray creature.
Mr. Dobbs was bemoaning the reliability of Dr. Oswald
while the president was assuring him that,
though he had attention,
he didn't see to whine about being left out,
that all in all he was reliable.
Mrs. Dobbs, the president's wife, and the gray
were defining the future from the entrails of a squid.
All three seemed deeply concerned.
Feeling bold and being sick of the constant drugging that was taking place,
I stood up and demanded to know what was really going on.
Initially, I was ignored until I tried to grab the pipe out of Mr. Dobbs,
who was sitting on the bench,
and I was told that the pipe was in the middle of Mr. Dobbs' mouth.
It would not budge.
It was like it was part of his bone structure,
but it did grab his attention.
He looked at me straight in the eye.
His constant grin seemed to get bigger,
and his face dissolved into a mass of tiny luminescent dots.
It was then that I knew he had the power.
I backed away in fear and awe until the president beckoned me over,
stuttering in his annoying New England accent,

It's all right, son.
Bob's got things under control.
I thought to myself that this buffoon, this magician, this slacker has things under control,
but it appears that he did or does.
I was then quickly sold.
I, myself, was sold, like in an auction, by our president to Mr. Dobbs
for a stack of Styrofoam cups and a game of tic-tac-toe,
which Mr. Dobbs declared he had to win,
and...
a carefully chosen doughnut from a squished box that lay at the president's feet.
I felt exhausted.
I felt that I somehow had let down my country,
even though I was, in essence, commanded by our president to obey Mr. Dobbs.
It pained me to think that I was sold to this man-god-beast for some junk.
Then I remembered my oath.
Then I remembered all the junk
laying around Mr. Dobbs' mansion.
The severed heads.
I was just part of a bigger plan.
I knew then it was my duty to play the game through.
Still, my insides burned with shame.
For the rest of the flight, I sat brooding.
Nothing could bring me out of my funk,
not Mr. Dobbs' childish and obvious magic coin tricks.
I knew very well he had it in his hand when he pulled the quarter from behind my ear.
Neither the president's poor impersonations of cartoon characters could pull me from my funk.
It was only the pills that got me in the swing of things,
and that was a shame to me in and of itself.
The Dobbses, the Greys, and I were dropped off in Miami Beach,
where the Dobbses had a residence,
while the president mentioned that he had to go to some secret base in New Mexico
until things, quote,
cooled down a bit.
Unquote.
The Dobbs' residence was not at all like their mansion.
It was small and neat.
I was ushered into the bathroom and told to take a shower,
for according to Bob, I smelled like, quote,
the older ones on a binge.
The shower immediately sobered me up, and I found that I was famished.
Dinner, however, was a disappointment.
It was cold rice with a bit of rat meat.
Bob said he had learned this hangover remedy from one Uncle Ho,
and that I'd better get used to it.
It was disgusting.
I feigned eating, hiding the half-chewed scraps in my napkin.
Bob did not eat, but puffed away on his pipe.
Connie, however, ate with gusto.
After dinner, I insisted that we go to this tiki lounge I knew of nearby for ham and pineapple.
I told him it was on me, though I had no cash after Dr. Oswald's thievery.
This excited Bob to such a degree that he jumped up on the table
and started to do his Friday night dance again.
It took Connie some time to quiet him down.
That is the end of part two of The Agent of Mr. Dobbs,
written by an unknown agent, delivered into our hands by Reverend
Titus La Verge.
It goes all the way up to part seven,
and there's more after that, but we will read part three next.
Welcome into Bavaria. Everybody dance.
You've heard that everyone is six degrees from Kevin Bacon.
But do you know the six degrees of Grand Exalted Mason?
For everyone and everything has around it curled
the tentacles of the secret masters who control the world.
I rule you, you rule me, someone rules us secretly.
It's a vast conspiracy, the Illuminati polka.
For several thousand years now they've worked behind the scenes.
They laugh when we buy Dockers, we've all got designer jeans.
They know if you'll get the girl or pass the SAT.
It's kinda like the Truman Show combined with DMD.
I rule you, you rule me, someone rules us secretly.
It's a vast conspiracy, the Illuminati polka.
Everybody's bank account is serviced by Zinone's.
The Masonic Temple gets the mortgage payment for your homes.
Command the race at Kepcidon from being caught too soon.
But Crowley and Blavatsky run Wall Street from the moon.
I rule you, you rule me, someone rules us secretly.
It's a vast conspiracy, the Illuminati polka.
The media say everything is awful, but that's okay.
It turns out that Fox Mulder is really Kaiser Soze.
If men in black are in your tub or birds consult your cab.
Duck your head, try not to think, and wear this tinfoil hat.
I rule you, you rule me, someone rules us secretly.
It's a vast conspiracy, the Illuminati polka.
The entertainment industry just got the atom bomb.
Dick Cheney and Alicata run in line with your mom.
Your DNA's on CDR, so heads up PDQ.
You may not have a hope in hell, but at least you got a clue.
I rule you, you rule me, someone rules us secretly.
It's a vast conspiracy, the Illuminati polka.
I rule you, you rule me, someone rules us secretly.
It's a vast conspiracy, the Illuminati polka.
It's a vast conspiracy, the Illuminati polka.
It's a vast conspiracy, the Illuminati polka.
Finord.
Finord indeed.
Hey, if that stuff was real, you wouldn't have heard the finord.
Anyway, that was Tom Smith with a song called the Illuminati polka.
I have no idea what album it's on, because I copped that off a YouTube music video.
But it is Tom Smith.
Tom Smith and Illuminati polka.
Next, we are going far, far back in time to 1970 to return to our heroes, the Firesign Theatre.
In some clips from their second Radio Hour Hour, as copped from the new book and disc release called Duke of Madness Motors,
for which Reverend Taylor Jessen re-found and remastered all of his works.
The most ancient recordings of those proto-subgeni, those precursors, those progenitors known as the Firesign Theatre.
With an R-E at the end.
Dot com.
What?
Well, here's number one of the vegetable drugs from 777 Revisited by Aleister Crowley, whose bite is as bad as his bark.
The number one is Elixir Vitae.
The attribution to Kether is due to its omnivore.

The number two is the form of virtue.
Number two, cocaine pertains to...
That's the end of the story.
That must be the end of the story.
That's all there is to it.
Being sheriff, it comes natural for me to do it.
And you see, most of Spawn City are up against the law some ways.
So when it says out, they mostly hunts their holes.
I've heard tell, fellas, they've a newfangled notion in Spawn City for referees to wear some sort of dude white coat fixin'.
So they don't get messed up with the boys playin'.
That's what they says.
But, you know, I don't guess I'm yearnin' to cover my guns with no fool thing like that, eh?
Right, fellas?
Right, right, right.
It's a dandy fine mark for them, uh, odd-oddicated hogs.
That's right.
I've taken this kind of bluff from Spawn City.
But you see, the boys around here are sure ready to bluff any feller.
It's all bluff.
They're up on the bluff, as a matter of fact, they're part.
That's not a bluff, that's a beaut.
Bluff from top to bottom.
It's just a whole system of life.
Bluff.
Bluff.
A man just bluffs himself out of the cradle and onto the floor.
Yeah.
He just bluffs himself, his legs, into carryin' him around when he gets sick of crawlin'.
Yeah.
And he gets to it and yaps and bluffs his mom into carryin' him.
Yeah.
Yes, sir, it ain't no difference, young or old.
We just start right in to bluff somebody from the first.
If it's only to yap when we're brought into the world as if we hated it and was kickin' to get out of it quick, right?
Look at, look at a fellow when he gets into courtin', eh?
I got Orton, oh yeah.
Ain't that the biggest bluff of all?
I got bluffed by a mulatto in Singapore.
That's right.
Well, he gets right alongside some female gal and he pitches your orange body himself, such as it brings.

the blush of shame to the features of George Washington, right?
Yeah.
Make, uh, Niasse hate himself.
He just makes her believe he's just whatever fellow her sense knows he ain't.
And she, bluffin' herself like mad, bluffs herself into believin' she believes what he believes she believes,
what nobody else believes about him.
He's fixin' her up with the truth there.
And the kid's come along and he sure got to bluff harder than ever.
Kid, he's take a heap of bluffin'.
When he's got a litter of six, it just means he's got to bluff six times as hard.
Takes a heap of bluffin' to make a house a home.
So he goes on till death gets around. Can't bluff death.
Yeah, yeah.
Which is the reason you gotta get off the earth.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah?
And you're fixed that way, other folks come along and bluff ya.
Your friends get around and tell ya they're a heap sorry.
The kiddies come right along and make ya feel you're treated and bullied and acted square by them.
And the gal you bluffed in the mirror and ya gets around and snivels and bluffs you've been a real dandy husband to her.
Yeah.
Doctor Bluffs you, you ain't gonna die.
And the parson comes and talks kingdom come and Bluffs you, you're gettin' right there.
Then death gets a drop on ya.
You go right down and out.
Everything's bluffed, sir.
Till you get up again, the muzzle of a gun.
Then your thumbs get up quick and you bluff yourself in the air.
That bluff is one of them things you'd hate like pissin' a hand out to a blind mule.
Which I says life sure won...
Durned long bluff.
That's a bureau.
That's a bureau of western mythology.
That's one of the most boring things I ever heard.
That's...
Well, it was supposed to be the second...
No, it was good.
The second act was supposed to be boring.
That's the Sheriff of Dyke Hole.
That's your reading from the Sheriff of Dyke Hole.
That's really neat.
I didn't really mean that about it being boring.
I was asleep all... awake all the time.
I do know that tonight's broadcast was brought to you by the forces of darkness.
Makers of the world's governments, religions, and corporations.
And by your golf ball and honey mixture, Alien Smegma Pine.
For patients out of this world, building a new race in this lifetime is hard, and nothing gets it as hard as an Alien Smegma Pine.
And by Hirsch, which works in miniature nuclear weapons warehouses.
Home of the Mini-Mag, the Pocket Thunder, the Baby Neutrino, and many other fine pocket-sized nuclear weapons that fit in your... in your pocket.

And the pants pocket, uh, stand.
Any questions?
Any rags, any bones, any bottles today?
Oh yes, the little girl there in the back.
How are we going to have a quiz on this day, sir?
Oh, the quiz that they'll give on this will come on Judgment Day, my friend.
They'll say...
Did you not attend the subgenius?
Steve Ivo in July of 1999?
Well yeah, Lord, but I was just, I mean, it was just a show, that's all.
Play back the tape.
He laughed at the jokes made at the expense of me, the Lord God Almighty.
What shall we do with him?
Throw him into the lake of fire?
Oh yes, Lord, please, throw me into the lake of fire.
Just whatever you do, don't throw me into subgenius hell with all those...
naked people and that party going on down there.
Oh, so that is his greatest fear, subgenius hell.
Throw him into the blackest pit of subgenius hell.
Yes, Master, yes, Master.
Praise God!
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah.
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah.
Only one day is left.
Only one day.
We are leaving the others.
We are going away.
We are going to the end of the world.


The day we all steer, animals we are, possession is lost.
Our souls are from the wild and wings to reach the sky.
Let the sun fall into the ocean.
Let the earth erupt in flame.
It is enough to have the strength and knowledge
to raise our dream machines into the sky.
Let them sleep who do not know.
The final day is here.
The very last.
And we leave at dawn.
The day we all steer, animals we are, possession is lost.



There is no force, no money and no power
to stop us now and change our fate.
Now every problem is destroyed.
We raise our hands and bodies to the peak.
Into the universe, towards the stars we go.
Through life and death and time.
We make the general expression pass through this force.



No
Machines we are sending to the skies above us all
And leave behind those who don't know of the final day
We live in sleep, those who don't know we live at dawn
We are driven by the B-Machine
Who are the B-Machine that never stops
Machines we are sending to the skies above us all
And leave behind those who don't know of the final day
We live in sleep, those who don't know
Every day we live in dawn
We are driven by the B-Machine
Who are the B-Machine that never stops
B-MACHINE
This is Mommy
And the
Lady
1970 in the Fireside Theater's
second Radio Hour Hour,
with Phil Proctor delineating
the way the pink girls and
boys live by the system
of bluff.
Did you know that the pink
girl was found dead in her love nest?
Victim of a brutal attack, no
doubt. Yeah, yeah. They didn't say
who the brute was, but I think he
was the schlumpfer who used to ride back and
forth between West Melbourne and Spitzberg.
I think that was the fella, yes. Ever since
he started spreading those rumors,
about the head schnifter,
there's been a great repercussions
all through the state. You know, I've been hearing
about the schnifter more on the radio this week
than ever before. Do you have one of those
underground radios? Yes and no, I have a very
small radio, but I keep it in my house.
It's still safe in the neighborhood
where I live. Do you know where I keep my radio?
Where do you keep it? In the potato pit.
In the potato pit?
Yeah, listen. Oh yeah, could I have another one of those,
please? Thank you. Would you like one or two
of these? Yeah, two of those, please. Would you like it with the
lumpen cream? Yeah, the lumpen cream. Yeah, here with the lumpen
cream in the head. Oh, thank you.
Okay, I don't try. Yeah, and also
that night, there are going to be, let's see,
Channel 5, Community Watchfulness
Alert, Interrogation.
Channel 2 at 9 o'clock,
Ruby Balls, Comedy.
A refuse drive with Rudy as its
leader means confusion
with a capital K.
Mim, Angela Flott,
Alan, Kiki Bird,
Thelma Pistolpacker, Penelope Tosspot.
What? Game,
Color, Guests, The Four
Bobsled Twins.
Channel 11, News, George Matetsky,
Color, 16, it was announced.
24, Washington Review, Black Sounds of
Dark Summer, Channel 2, I never listened to that.
Rancho El Muerto on Channel 34, if we
could get it. Taco Grande on
Channel 40. News, George
Matetsky, it was announced, Grito N. L.
Obscuridad, Juico
Fiesta!
Con huevos! Con huevos! Channel 2,
News, George Matetsky. Channel 3, News,
Dwight East. Channel 4, News, George
Matetsky. 5, run for it!
Crime drama. Brock
runs into an old friend who wants
to sell him a beer river
until Julie spills the beans
into danger. Oh, that sounds
like a good one. Brock, Dan Festus, Julie,
Lita, Roberti, Anselmo, Squeezy
Whitaker. Rerun, 30 minutes. News,
Sacco Vanzetti, Color.
9, movie, drama, What's the Name of This Street?
1948, takes place on the street
of no name. Barbara Bobo,
Richard Berthmark, and Anselmo
Petarazzi, 1 hour and 45 minutes.
11, movie, comedy,
Irman Dolls, 1953.
Louise and Bobo, show gal
sisters, eat some brownies at the
home of an old friend who wants to show them his
pictures. Mark Truffle, Sidney Grett,
Barbara Bobo, and Anselmo Petarazzi, 2 hours.
He gets around. Channel 13, movie,
melodrama, Don't Crush That Dwarf,
1961.
Secret investigators uncover a mysterious
sack in the Armenian Sea.
Ibo Waring,
Dick Nixon, Adam Thigh,
and Ernest Hemingway, 90 minutes.
No, Tonto, this is
not a mask, it's a birth defect.
Ah, the stoned ranger
is back with us. Yes, wonderful fellow.
Shall I do another one?
Tonto, I think I hear a truck.
Ride on up ahead and find out what
a truck is.
Urantia is of
origin in your son.
The Euravia. And your son...
When are you going to settle down here?
...is one of the multifarious offspring of the
Andromeda Nebula, which was one
time organized as a component part of the
physical power and material matter of the local
universe of Nebadon. Yes, mistress.
And this great nebula itself took origin
in the universal force charge of Spacer
and the super universe of Orvanton.
Thank you, Orvanton. Long, long ago.
Long, long ago. Thank you, Jesus.
At the time of the beginning of this recital,
the primary master force organizers
of Paradise had long been in
full control of the space energies which were later organized
as the Andronover Nebula.
Thank you, Jesus. The Andronover Nebula.
It was beautiful. 987 billion
years ago. Billion.
Associate force organizer and then acting inspector
number 811,307.
811,307
of the Orvanton series traveled out from
Ubarista. 9-0-0-3-8, Jesus. 9-0-0-3-8.
Reported to the ancients of days that space
conditions were favorable for the initiation of
materialization phenomena. Who cares? Who cares?
In that certain sector of the then easterly segment
of Orvanton. Oh, thank you,
Jesus. 900 billion years ago, the
U-Versa archives testify. Thank you, Jesus.
There was recorded a permit.
A permit was recorded. That's a lie. That's a lie.
There was recorded a permit issued by the U-Versa Council
of Equilibrium. That's a lie. That's a lie.
To the super universe government
authorizing the dispatch of a force organizer and staff
to the region previously designated by inspector
number 811,307.
Thank you, Jesus. Comma 307,
the Orvanton authorities commissioned the original
discoverer of this potential universe to execute the mandate
of the ages of days. He's a liar.
For the organization of a new material.
Portuation, Jesus.
Now I want to tell you.
This is part three of the agent and Mr. Dobbs.
The music, by the way, in the background is the soundtrack
from the Kenneth Anger movie called Lucifer Rising.
No connection. Just happened to be a nice long piece of music.
No reason we picked a music of that
title performed by that particular set of former Manson family inmates of a
prison. This music was recorded on death row.
Anyway, to further on here in the agent and Mr. Dobbs part three.
Bob decided that we would walk while Connie would take their pedicab.
I had never seen a pedicab service here.
And our great nation, although I was beginning to be immune to the insanity
that permeated my experience around the Dobbs.
Is it?
I actually vomited a little in my mouth when I saw the creature that was pulling
the pedicab.
It was a and here it's blacked out again.
A H blanked out.
His mustache was shaved, but it was him.
I could see the stitch mark scars around the top of his head where his brain had
been reinserted.
I was always led to believe that the Soviets burned his body,
but sold his brain to us in exchange for the secret that those folks we found in
our blanked out New Mexico sold us in exchange for the bodies of their comrades.
What a revelation.
As is known, I lost my big brother to the Germans in the big one.
So every cell in my body wanted to strangle that terrible thing standing by the curb.
But seeing him dressed in a tutu with rabbit ears on his head, I was moved to pity.
It was quite obvious that he was near brain dead at this point.
He could also, I might add, haul that pedicab pretty damn fast in those six inch stiletto heels.
Further down the sidewalk on that moonlit humid night, I had to finally admit to Bob that
Dr. Oswald had stolen all my money.
Bob snickered and nodded knowingly saying,
He is a little worm, but I've got plans for him.
I was pondering this potentially dangerous comment when Bob suddenly stopped and bent
down to tie his shoe.
I then walked to the front when a brick from nowhere hit me square in the head.
Thank God for the steel plate I had placed there after the accident.
For if Bob had not stopped to tie his shoe, I'm sure that he would have been brained.
Although now I wonder if he could ever.
He has the most persistent luck of any man I've known.
When Bob had finished tying his shoe, ignoring my yelps of pain and the violent flow of blood
flowing down my face, he came back up with a wallet.
Miraculously he said that he knew this man, the owner of the wallet, one Dr. Tim Leary.
It would seem that they were old friends.
Bob mumbled to himself that the SOB owed him.
He was a little bit of a fool.
He had to take all the cash from the wallet, a Sandal Warehouse charge card, and a folded
slightly blue tinted piece of paper that was perforated into many small squares.
This object Bob seemed most excited about for he shoved it into his mouth and mumbled
something like let him try to read my mind again.
He then started to chuckle.
He chuckled until we walked into the Tiki Lounge.
At least we had over a hundred dollars in cash.
Bob was already seated at a table with two cabana boys dancing for her.
Bob took me by the arm and led me up to the bar where, filling one hand with a wad of
colorful Monopoly money and the other with a wad of strange smelling sticky tobacco and
a chewed up old pipe, he told me to frop up a bit and get something to drink.
He glared over at Connie.
He hitched up his pants and mumbled that he had a little bit of money.

He said, I had to take care of a few things.
And damn those boys stole my dance moves.
I found myself engrossed in this strange tobacco.
It was not as the youth of today call Mary Jane.
It had a foul odor and taste, but for some reason I found that it not only soothed my
spirit but that the pipe seemed to be stuck in my mouth.
I was not clenching my teeth down on the stem, yet I could not extract it.
It was as if it gave me a cold.
It was as if it glued itself to my mouth.
That fact made eating dinner rather difficult.
I apparently was oblivious under the influence of this weed when I heard the sounds of breaking
glass.
I knew it must be Bob.
Surely enough he had pushed all the plates and glasses off the table and was dancing
with the boys on the table top.
Connie looked away apparently in disgust as she filed her nails with what looked like
the severed hand of a gorilla or some other sort of great ape.
Bob then threw the paper away.
It was a big one.

And I was surprised to find that the paper was covered with a salt shaker which hit me
square in the forehead causing it to bleed.
I must now add that no one had mentioned the fact that my face was already covered in fresh
blood or that I was not wearing trousers.
Bob had still not given them back to me yet.
He yelled to me,
Get those damn Mai Tais.
I have a powerful thirst.
I proffered the monopoly money to the bartender in my fropped up state.
He looked at Bob and back to me.
He shook his head.
He produced a picture of the drink.
There was fear in his eyes.
Is this Bob a member of a criminal group?
The criminal group that does not exist?
It may have been some strange influence of the frop but the 20 feet and the few seconds
that it took to get to our table seemed more like a mile and an hour.
I wonder now if there was not some sort of space-time distraction.
I was not sure if I was being misled by the frop.
When I arrived at the table it was neatly set with plates of appetizers which very much
looked and tasted like flambéed monkey brains.
Tasty though.
Bob's were raw.
Plus there was a youngish looking man that was introduced as Timmy Boy.
Bob said that he had big jumbo, big giant colossal plans for him.
He was a big guy.
He was a big guy.
He was a big guy.
There was a shopman by the street there named Dr. Tim Leary who's wallet Bob had found on
the street.
I began to wonder if I were being set up?
But reviewing the strange luck that Bob seemed to have I had to admit to myself that maybe
this guy was, more than extraordinary.
He already had shown that at least as much power as the President.
Bob did give Dr. Leary back his wallet but claimed that some young punks jumped us.
He pointed convincingly to his phone that they forcibly show to his face.
to my bloody head and shirt stating that my bleeding head was good. I still don't understand
what he meant by that. Dr. Leary tore through his wallet in an angry manner. He grabbed Bob by the
wrist stating, not asking, you took the blotter? Bob just stuck out his tongue with the messy,
faded, and chewed wad of paper sitting there. His tongue was extraordinarily long and lizard-like.
He snapped it back with a grin. Dr. Leary drew his hands back to himself and pouted. Dinner went
surprisingly well. The conversation was adept and civilized, though the Dobbs seemed to have a
language of their own which Dr. Leary and I could somehow follow. The other two disconcerting issues
I remembered was that every time I tried to pour a drink for myself, Bob would knock it out of my
hand stating, frat before booze, you can't lose.
Booze before frat, you'll wish you were f***ed dead.
The other issue I had was that what I thought was Connie's smooth hand rubbing my knee,
she is a knockout, was however, of course, not hers and no, not the gray either. It was that
damned A blanked out, H blanked out, A-H, under the table begging for scraps. I kicked the thing
away, but out of mercy did give it to him. I didn't want to be a burden to him, but I didn't want to
give it the cold monkey brains that I could not finish. This f*** has the odd ability to make one
hungry but at the same time make the act of eating very, very strange and uncomfortable. I wanted to
chew the food but was not able to swallow it. Bob, on the other hand, did eat heartily. A half a pig,
all of the raw monkey brains, a light bulb, I do not know where he got it. The tropical flower set
in the table and what I feared to think was a bird's nest. I did not know what I was doing, but I

did not know what I was doing. I did not know what I was doing. I did not know what I was doing. I

was a human heart raw. A-H had to pull us all back to the Dobbs bungalow. I did not pity him at this
point. For the whole trip back, Bob kept looking up at the night skies, pointing out constellations
that were not there, muttering Gort, Klatu, Veranda, Nixon, or something. Whatever was in
the monkey brains he ate sure seemed to have relaxed him, for when we got back to the house,
the Grey had messed it up while we were out to dinner. Bob seemed pretty peeved, but accepted
this situation with grace. He put on some very strange music on the hi-fi, lounged back into an
easy chair, and lectured me. I quote as best as I can remember.
Young man, thou hast muchly to unlearn. I sayest thus out of pure spite. Thou hast,
disunderstood everything I haveest revealedest to thouest, which in mine eyes is unre-unnerving,
and thou dost screw me over? I replied, Mr. Dobbs, I was sent on a mission that you requested.
I have only held back one truth, and that is that you are a wanted man, wanted by our great nation
to smite our enemies. I was told that you have the powers to do that. Then why don't you?
Bob wriggled around in his chair. I feared another dance session emerging,
but he seemed un-Bob-like nervous. Look at you, monkey boy. I just ate the brains of your great,
great, great uncle with a bit of lime juice. Do you want to de-re-unevolve back into our
natural state, or evolve into a pile of ashes? I sat staring at his classical face,
pondering what he had told.
Not ask me. His face and body began to shimmer, flicker like a film projector gone haywire.
Bob scrunched his face up and let out a fart that literally shook the house. This emission
propelled him up into the air, to the point of hitting his head on the ceiling.
He slowly descended back to the exact spot he had previously been sitting.
A change came over him. His eyes had glassed over, and he looked confused,
as would an elderly man with dementia. So, he said out of the blue,
let's get some hookers. I know of a great place next to Cape Canaveral.
And friends, so ends part three of The Agent and Mr. Dobbs.
We will resume with The Agent and Mr. Dobbs part four later. The music in the background, once again,
is from the film The Agent and Mr. Dobbs.

From Lucifer Rising by Bobby Boussilel. I'm not sure if I'm pronouncing his name right,
but he was one of the main musicians in this. One of the Manson family. I think he was executed
or died in jail or something. And this music was done for the movie Lucifer Rising by Kenneth Anger.
Praise Bob, and now this.
The Attorney's Schedule on D-Day.
And Channel 2, Mel Noel. Oh, these are these talk shows.
Tentatively Scheduled, Ralph Bunch, Ida Lupino, Ed Begley, and Anselmo Pedarasti.
That's 90 minutes.
He's going to be on.
This is all the night?
Yeah, this is, right. And then there's that guy on Channel 7, Bishop Fulton Sheen.
Tentatively Scheduled, Elmo Lincoln, composer Frederick Chopin, Ed Begley, and actress Barbara Bobo.
90 minutes.
And then on Channel 4, of course, is Johnny Carbon.
Tentatively Scheduled.
Happy Hamburger, Church Reformer Father Lettuce, Tomato Winifred Squash, Dessert and Coffee.
90 minutes.
Good, good.
March 28th, Tuesday, birthday present for Millie, a dollar allowance, $1.50, $2.50.
Evelyn brought me two coffee cakes.
Why don't you go back to your room?
The donuts, they were very good.
Sunday, April 2nd, I went to Evelyn's free store.
Would you take her back out to the garage, Mel?
I got a dollar from my money.
I had a nice time.
Take her with you.
I had one can of beer.
Oh, God.
And on Channel 5, movie, drama, Beyond Help, 1948, a stutterer wins the Medal of Honor,
but is sued by his father now at West Point.
Britt Reid, Lois Lane, Harry Ames, and Elbow Room.
Elbow Room.
90 minutes.
That's that Bulgarian actor.
Yeah.
The bulbous one.
Yeah, right.
Taras Bulbous.
Channel 11, there's a movie.
Oh, this is good.
I've seen this.
The Return of the Frog, British, 1954.
The Frog Returns.
90 minutes.
Nice one.
It's very upfront.
Takes a long time for us.
There's another good one here on Channel 13, movie, adventure drama, First Man on the Moon,
1969.
Former West Pointer finds himself on the moon first.
Michael Collins, Buzz Aldrin, Neil Armstrong, and Dick Nixon.
All star kids.
Right.
One hour, 45 years.
That goes on.
At 1 o'clock in the morning on Channel 2, there's a movie, comedy, Get Your Hands Off
Me, 1952.
The Brunts, a young couple, soon find out that getting a baby means some changes in
their sleeping arrangements.
90 minutes.
Channel 3, there's news with Adolf Schicklgruber.
Channel 4, movie, mysterious.
Oh, this is good.
The Fuse of Doom, 1934.
Frank M. Key and an oriental defective search for Professor Archtype and his dangerous
Zeppeler tube.
That's dubbed.
Really?
It's dubbed, yeah.
A Wrigley, the serial von electric blessfühn.
Two hours, 45 minutes.
One of those German expressions.
Right.
On Channel 5, there's the community security review discussion.
That's with Debuto, isn't it?
On Channel 7, noose.
See?
11, movie, science.
Oh, this is a good one.
The Nun, 1947.
F. Scott Fireside's brilliant screenplay from his short story, Nun of the Above.
Joe Masso, Tito Reina, Lily Sanchez, and Buns Rigatetti, my favorite actor.
Buns Rigatetti.
Buns Rigatetti did such a wonderful job in The Glass Thigh.
Did you see him in that?
Yes.
Gentlemen, it's very difficult.
It's very difficult for us to talk.
It's a stable when you keep talking.
All right.
Will you continue with your report, Bill?
You take Poland and I'll take Grammarly.
She tells me the small sun bear was wandering briefly along the streets of Los Angeles.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And then they returned to captivity.
Ha, ha.
Senior Ammonium Control Officer Robert Volker said the bear...
All right, you bear, hands up.
...had been purchased from a pet shop by a West Los Angeles resident.
Okay, put the bear in the back of the car.
...that friendly beast escaped, you know.
And they said that they wouldn't have picked it up even if it hadn't been roaming freely, they said.
Okay.
Of course.
They wanted it.
Got to get some bears, yes.
Up against the wall there.
Is that the trouble?
Sure.
Could I have another one of these, please?
Yeah, that's good.
New, new, new demonstration on Channel 13.
Two news, Squeezy Whitaker, color, 11 movie science friction, X the Unknown, 1946.
An archbishop hopes to gain control of a device capable of short-sheeting the Earth's electric current
and stopping things once and for all.
Philip Progberg, Peter Brimfnick, Harry Anslinger, and Anselmo Pedrazi.
Two hours.
And here's the last thing on the tube, 11 movie, astonishing.
Look out for that great big bird, 1958.
Two teenagers discover the secret of the universe on a blind date.
That's with Barbara Bobo and Animal Clackers.
Hmm.
I understand, gentlemen, what Jean-Paul and Claude want here is an explanation exactly
of the government.
Would we keep this brief, please?
Yes.
Would we just get to the...
What's happening?
Put this in my seat!
Please!
Oh, my God!
Sit down.
Sit down.
Sit down.
Boy, I thought someone had replaced me there for a minute.
I wouldn't have had no identity.
If it was your doppelganger.
Oh, it would have been awful.
Yes.
Gentlemen, we can't get this...
The chairman is going to read the cheese.
Be quiet.
Okay, the big cheese.
I know we're here to...
Schnifter.
Yeah, the schnifter.
Okay.
To find out as much as possible about the organization of the United Snakes,
as we possibly can, and this meeting, our fourth,
we are taking up, of course, the administrative branch of the government.
Would you mind saying, please, don't you blame us?
The in...
The in box of the administrative branch.
And today we're dealing with the Bureau of Detergents.
Now, the Bureau of Detergents is divided into two major subdivisions.
Shoes and the Federal Bureau of Marijuana.
That's yours, Harry.
That's yours there.
Right.
Got that?
Could you go a little more slowly, please?
Then shoes.
Okay, shoes.
Shoes.

From shoes...
From shoes we go directly to industry, as everyone knows.
And industry is divided into four great subdivisions.
The Belt Buckle Reclamation Service.
Oui.
Merci bien.
The Regional Wall Board.
The Eugene Petler Fund.
And the Secretary of Communism.
Yeah, of course.
Okay, I think I've got all that.
Would you go ahead, please, now?
The Capitalist Pigs.
Bull's Pizzles.
Bull's Pizzles.
Just a shoe, you nasty...
I...
I...
Turn the hell back.
I...
I...
I...
I...
Cut off his microphone.
It's all right, you can go ahead.
Thank you.
I will.
There's something wrong with the microphone?
I started...
I started...
I started...

I'll talk that way to me.
I'll talk that way to me.
Go ahead.
It's okay now.
You can go on.
Cut me off.
I'm sorry.
Department of...
I'm sorry. Department of...
I'm going.
I'm going.
Yeah.
Ex and balances goes immediately to the Shoes and Fishermen National Bank.
Shoes and Fishermen National Bank.
That's the natural bank actually.
That's the little half-man, you see, moving down there to the left.
I think the most important part of the...
I think the most important part of the...

Those three petroleum trucks.

The government to discuss for our own purposes today is the Bureau of Bums.
Would everybody be in agreement with that?
You bet.
You bum!
...of the main left vertical that was marked on the good old...
He's drunk.
Yeah, I'm drunk at the moment.

The Irish...
Ever since we gave him independence, they've been doing nothing but drinking.
Yes, take care of him, please.
Now...
First, this is...
No, no, no.
This is a very good example of how we deal...
how we deal with itinerant persons or bums...
Is it my deal?
...in the United States.
Now, here, for example, is this bum over here.
Itinerant bum.
Now, he immediately...
You're welcome.
He will immediately go to one of two places, either the Bureau of Uninhabited Pyramids or the Bureau of Lost Hope.
Which would you like?
Oh, well, I think for a start, I would take...
...on the left one would be the Pyramid One.
Boom!
Well, that's a bad choice.
Boom!
That's a bad choice.
All choices are bad in the United States.
The Bureau of...
...Uninhabited Pyramids, of course, will take one to...
directly to the Department of...
or rather the Bureau of Cripples in Tomorrowland.
An unfortunate place to be.
Cripples in Tomorrowland.
That's one point for the Cripples in Tomorrowland.
You have to have a foot pass.
We go on through that.
What?
I don't have to have a foot pass.
You do to get to the Committee on Nameless Terror.
You do?
Yes, yes.
What if I'm a foot pad?
Well, beyond the Committee on Nameless Terror...
the last and lowest and meanest department of the United Snakes remains just one.
Yeah?
The one-eyed whistling queer.
As a Gregarious with your moon in Uranus and your son in college...
congratulations!
But as a person typical of your sign...
you are cautious and concerned about those close to you...
and in the typical manner of a cautious Gregarion daddy...
keep in close touch with your loved one lest he go astray.
I'll remember that.
Hire a private detective.
Do I have to write these things down?
Yes, it's better for you to do that on your hands.
So when you go to a palmist you can tell him the same stuff.
You're undoubtedly a strong influence on all those around you.
Would you mind sitting across from me please, a little farther?
Anything you'd like.
As a Gregarious fits the face in Leon that makes you even more open-faced than a sandwich.
You seem to have some mayonnaise on your nose there, fella.
You're ever-loving, extroverted and inexhaustibly boorish.
Oh, that's partly right and partly wrong.
Yeah, I'm sure that's what you think.
You are the gay blade of the Zodiac...
but your problem can be cured if you go to a psychiatrist.
As a matter of fact, I do that on the side. We'll talk about it later.
You ought to see what side he does it on with the leg lifted.
Your outrageous good will and infectious hepatitis...
may scandalize your less enterprising companions...
and create secret enemies all around you.
Secret enemas.
Secret enemas all around you.
But what of it?
Paranoia never paid the rent, as they say.
And although things may look bad now...

Remember, they could be a lot worse and probably will be.
The aquariums.
So, as if you don't change your ways...
and due to the subtle but persistent influences of nepotism...
which rules the flabby part of your thigh...
and is bulldozing his way into your house of lords.
So, let's drop this defensive facade...
and open your heart, smart guy...
to the well-intentioned advice of others like me.
I'm listening.
Don't be so stubborn.
Ask someone your respect for their point of view.
I did.
After all, you can always reject it later...
and you probably will.
You're such a loser.
Nonetheless, you're a natural-born sportsman, buddy.
You've got a good sense of humor.
And like Charles Edelman...
the Australian badminton champion...
also born under your sign...
and he was crushed by it...
you can excel in everything...
from wife wrestling to shoplifting.
But all this indecisiveness is not good for your karma.
And you've got to decide soon...
before it's too late.
Speak up.
And while you're making up your mind...
you've got to be aware of the suspicious vibrations all around you.
Look out!
And try, if you can, to avoid morbid situations midweek...
that may engender lust or envy in others.
I've been watching...
Beware of walls.
There is apt to be much unrest in the early a.m.
so it would be wise to keep your door securely bolted...
and stay indoors for most of this coming month.
Putter around the house.
Do those things you've put off for such a long time.
Attend to manual and service chores.
If you have a gun, oil it.
Your birthstone is slate...
your flower corn smut...
and your colors, rotted peach and puke.
The word for the rest of your life...
I can't even pronounce.
It's so long.
It's difíin'.

I walked back up to the Grassy Knoll again....
and started heading back down.
I left that group of wacky xanos...
and the Gazebo and the Sodbuster's museum...
and that wing-ding nut-bhlenger on the accordion.
I just didn't know what to think, you know.
Coming up here, hanging around with the grass and the trees.
it's just natural but these people were talking different and I don't know I'm I'm just interested
in sitting around and and picking my nose and spitting and stuff like that and well it just
made me think an awful lot golly my head got big and well I never knew I had so many ideas
I began to think about writing them down or taking some pictures or getting the tape recorder or
something and then things but well I know I didn't want to mess with them I just wanted to be natural
you know sitting out here with the old rocks watching the clouds roll by but that that old
stranger with accordion why he made me feel like
a little different I I kind of got excited and well I liked it a little bit it never happened
like that before suddenly I began to reflect on my whole life why it was like a rock or
or a polka no my life wasn't like a polka but here it was again and God Almighty
puzzling evidence did that on cassette long before any of us had shows and it shows how it
all fits together Firesign Theater Hour of Slack the Kennedy assassination and uh all the other
shows from the church of the subgenius if you really want to know more about from whence all
this derives everything
can be found at the website subgenius.com just google subgenius and you'll be there
the music in the background is by Boron nuzzle who will be at X Day this July uh early July and
thank you for listening to the hour of slack from the true and correct Church of the subgenius
spoke's voice of the one true jr Bob Dobbs
never hear on lame
podcasts anywhere.
Thank you.
Now it's time to
say goodbye.
Why? Because we
like you. Goodbye.
No, no, no, no, no,
no, no. This ends the
formal questioning. Please undress.
Thank you.
