You know, so Reverend Stank, I didn't know Reverend Stank here is an ordained minister.
You can actually imagine.
Yeah, I'm not just, well now, even if I was only ordained in Church of the Sepp Genis,
as far as I'm concerned, that would be perfectly legit.
I don't know if you've ever looked at a marriage certificate, but they don't ask what religion
or denomination the preacher is on most of them.
But, just to cover myself, I did get ordained in the Universal Life Church.
Yeah, my friend, I think it happened to him too.
Yeah, he's married out a few of my friends.
Universal.
Yeah.
They'll ordain anybody.
For free.
Yeah.
For free?
Yeah.
Man, free sounds good.
That whole lot in this life you can get for free, right?
The boss is cussing.
In order to become tenuous.
Tax exempt, you have to follow a lot of strict rules.
And that's the part we Sepp Genis' don't do.
We're not tax exempt.
Okay.
In fact, technically we're what you call a novelty sales company.
I know.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
No trouble.
A human.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
And now you are ready for the final 200,000 mile voyage to the moon.
Stop right there.
Intensifying our prospects' desires.
That's when the wheels of action begin to move.
Sorry for jumping in, doctors.
Go on.
Dr. Dobbs is known worldwide as a foremost spokesman for Christian and family values.
He has a plan to attend this rare personal appearance of Dr. Dobbs.
It's his second in the past four years.
He wants to make a top10 proud concretely hits who has them at Work and Ecosyne.
Even if you never intend to write your name again, one sure way to impress folks is to stay a little over their heads.
Because it was better than looking stupid.
It's natural that we followed this circle.
Around and around and around, helping to create a nice round world of confusion and misunderstanding.
Resist the temptation to feed your ego.
Well we take our initiates and we string a little tendon between their heels and drag them three times around the temple.


the radio station before beginning.
Then we dip them in the sacred water of the slot.
And what exactly does this do for them?
Well, it causes them to forget everything they've learned
and it prepares their mind for the slate-like impression,
the imprinting of the true subgenius.
Welcome, dear friends, to the subgenius hour of Slack.
Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack,
Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack,
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind
every time you say, see, hear, or think
that's your key phrase,
It will,
Ticker the entire message without your being aware of it.
Repent. Quit your job. Slack off.
Driven to the brink of false sanity by the conspiracy's false reality
and the pressure of a crumbling world?
Then this may be for you.
Eternal salvation.
Or triple your money back.
The Church of the Subgenius
bring you another 33 minutes of condensed,
uraglic functions over the quality audio-visual techniques
exacerbated and complicated by The Church of the Subgenius.
Is it possible that the end of the world will come in July 1999?
Perhaps in the form of an atomic holocaust?
Such a forewarning of ultimate doom could generally be dismissed out of hand.
The White House will confirm an order to use the atom bomb.
And our first target will be the initial landing place outside Los Angeles.
Those missiles have all gone off.
They pushed all apart!
You know what that means, don't you?
Either we fired first and they're going to try to hit what's left,
or they fired first and we just got our missiles out of the ground in time.
Either way, we're going to get hit.
So what are we still standing around here for?
Of course, since all human life has been under the surface,
of Earth for 16 years,
there was no actual loss of life in the sense we know it.
What you see or what you get?
What the hell do you expect?
Pretty red roses.
White puppy noses.
Mammoth proper hoses in his small naked.
The strange worshippers pull at their faces.
Despite himself, a strangled cry escapes Brent.
As he sees the ghastly heritage of atomically,
and creatively getsawaying T- reaviation.
Hey, Tony, let's have some.
I mean, hell, this turned the other cheap,
saying he'd been carried a bit too far, you know.
Hey, neighbor, let me give you some advice...
The Russians are about to pulverize us
if I sleep tonight.
That is, if the crazy Arab persist Please do not sleep tonight.
unpowerfully

Don't get up first, and the fire will rain down from the sky.
The fire will rain down from the sky.
People die, people die, people die, people die
I love you
All the flying saucers are my friends
Cause they're so nice
I'm gonna see them again and again
Is that before or after the bob pills?
Lock your door
Turn off all the lights
Turn off your radio
Turn off your TV
Well, no, don't turn...
We do not have everything under control
Don't turn your radio off just yet.
That would be overreacting.
We do not have everything under control
We need radio now as never before.
As never before.
The saucers are coming.
In this emergency, listen carefully to your radio to know what to do.
We're shouting.
That's good.
Who was shouting?
Welcome to the program.
The governor, the soon to be governor of Ohio, Rottenheart.
Of Sportsland.
Well, no, he really did run for Senator.
He hasn't given up his political career.
He was a squiggly Rottenheart.
He actually got 22 votes and he was a write-in candidate.
He wasn't even on the ballot and he got 22 votes and he doesn't even have 22 friends.
Right.
Even on Facebook.
Doesn't explain anything.
At least in his congressional district.
It just doesn't pay attention.
It's just a picture of him and his name and it doesn't say what he stands for or believes
in.
See, he's the only candidate then who is not trying to pull any kind of BS on anyone.
He just doesn't say anything.
Yeah, he's pulling the wool over his own eyes.
He manages to be the only politician who doesn't lie by not saying anything.
He told me his dream was to roller skate past Barney Frank in the halls of...
Well, he'd better get a move on.
Yeah, he's running out of time.
Barney's retiring.

He's running out of time.
When you're supposed to mention your platform, in his case, it would be like put in here or
fill in here or brief description here for the person to fill in.
That's why he has the wheels.
He needs to go faster.
He's a warm, mellow, yellow fascist from Norway, weighing 345 pounds, equipped with a Gouda
cheese hat and a heart full of soul.
You know Rottenheart.
Oh, heart full of soul.
Yeah.
I didn't realize that you two had met.
That's a pretty good description of him.
Not in a flesh.
Especially the Gouda cheese hat.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, the first time I met him, he was wearing a stained bathrobe and a pair of tidy
white Ascent, was eating a pork chop on a stick.
It was good enough for Rottenheart and it's good enough for me.
I said, this is a man who knows how to live.
And a big can of ALA.
A big cheese in a small pond.
Yeah, he wants to be both for me and I'll be the big cheese, see?
So take another caller here.
You're on the air.
Hello.
Thoughts on the end of the world, No Money Mark.
Hello there, caller.
Hi, caller.
This is the legendary No Money Mark.
Yeah, I'm glad you're going on early tonight because I had a whole bunch of stuff
to bring up with you.
Okay, first-
We'll take it as seriously as we possibly can right now.
Okay, I'll try and get through this stuff quickly.
Okay, first, this Colorado Springs thing.
Okay, every time there's a natural disaster, the strike says that God is punishing the
city for something like Orlando.
Well, Colorado Springs is the Republican part of Colorado.
That's right.
They're the headquarters of the Air Force Academy and folks on the families.
Only what they did to piss God off.
One can only wonder.
Actually, I made a little mashup for Colorado today, if you heard earlier in the program.
I heard it.
It's great.
By the way, between this and the heat wave, who's going to say now that there's no global
warming?
The same people that always said that.
The same people who are being paid well, to say it, from America's extraction industries.
What?
Yeah, like Philodrum and-
Yes, like Philodrum and-
He's taking pay, a lot.
He's in the dental industry.
Yep, they support him and they're going to send him back to college.
Yeah, you might as well work for the dark side.
...hose that men wear once they reach the age of 43.
His youthful hose well shrunk.
He saved for his son.

Skinny shank.
You're not talking about temple vestments or anything.
...right down to size.
Leader hose.
...more scaring the children.
The mystery of lost and mismatched socks.
Speaking of socks, that was a great book.
It spans generations.
Who wrote that?
Who wrote that?
Thanks.
That was Dr. Perditas Pedali.
But of course-
That name sounds fake.
I edited it.
It does.
It really sounds fake.
Well, it means lost.
Perditas means the lost one.
It means lost sock, as a matter of fact.
He is a lost sock, Dr. Pedali, because his wife Edith left him with a pair of socks.
Anyway, guys, see your children.
We're going to bring them home.

I read recently that I found legitimately appalling-
He was red recently?
Well, I guess we can still entertain his opinions.
Something legitimately appalling.
Patriotic as we are.
Red is better than pink.
Red, white, and blue hair.
I'd rather be red than pink.
I'd rather be red-faced than-
The pinks are about to get theirs.
I'd rather be pink than red.
Now, wait.
Guys, the world is coming to an end, and No Money Mark just wants to tell us what's important
now that the world is ending.
Okay, right.
What is?
You know, a case-
You know, Kayla Allen, one of the kids who was killed by her own father at that shooting
at the restaurant a couple months ago?
Oh, at the Cracker Barrel in Brooklyn?
Yes.
Okay.
So, they read this poem that's supposed to be comforting and reassuring at her funeral,
and this is how it ends.
A golden heart stops beating.
Hard-working hands at rest.
Get this.
God broke our hearts to prove to us he only takes the best.
Aww.
Well, that's one way to look at it.
Yeah, that's not the way the Christians believe.
They believe the worthless bums will be left behind to suffer the wrath of God while all
the Bible thumpers get lifted up into the middle air.
Let us be grateful to God for allowing us to witness such wondrous bloodshed.
Yeah, and not only that.
At the end of the reign of a thousand years of peace comes in, and we get to see the bloodshed.

I get it.
And not those self-righteous characters who've already been whisked up to heaven.
A one-thousand-year rite.
Yeah, I just have a couple things to say to this, which is...
Thousands of years to come.
I'm sorry.
Okay, first, God takes everybody sooner or later, and second, okay, this poem makes
it sound like God will a little girl die, you know, just because he feels like it.
I mean...
Isn't that the whole point of being God, is you get to kill people whenever you want?

Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes.
The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away.
Yep.
And Cotton Mather, a great minister, said that...
You get to stand up there in heaven and say, dance, my little monkeys, dance.
Cotton Mather said that it was only through the grace of God that you didn't, this
instant, fall down into hell, which could happen to you at any time.
If God decided to take his support away, whoosh, down you would go into the lake of fire.
And these are the people who started this country.
Sinners in the hands of an angry God.
Wait, that was Winthrop, wasn't it?
I said that.
That's a sadistic God.
Yes, it's true.
People like Cotton Mather and those Puritan types were the ones who created this mess.
Governor Winthrop.
I don't cotton to that kind of stuff.
Well, you're just not purified.
He just named a bowl evil.
I'm sorry.
A bowl of evil.
Okay, I'll make this puzzle.
You know, let's calm down.
I eat a bowl of evil for breakfast every day.
We're all friends here.
It's what keeps me strong.
Okay, I have just one more thing for the night.
I keep hearing that...
So they all say.
... that Morsi is now the president of Egypt.
I guess...



The singer from The Smiths?
It's Morpheus.
He's the sleeper.
I am the president of Egypt now.
Yes, Egypt.
I know it's not the guy's name, but every time they say it, that's who I think of.
From the Muslim Brotherhood.
We heard it when the Muslim Brotherhood's successful.
Okay, you guys, you have a good night.
You too, Mark.
Thank you for your attention.



















Thank you for watching.
And here's hoping the saucers will take you with us.
Yes, flying saucers from outer space.
The pleasure saucers will be taking us to Planet X, of course.
I know you'll think this untoward, General, but on my way to the project, my wife and
I saw what appeared to be a flying saucer.
Yeah, it sure did.
Nuts and bolts and everything.
See, the flying saucers are actually part of the same little tea set.
That Bertrand Russell's teapot.
They fly, but how well do they land?
It's circling the sun, you just can't see it.
The tales of the teapot and the saucers have been passed down through generations.
Survivors of a disintegrated solar system.
And they want to land and take over.
And they appear to be realists.
And speaking of Martian interchange with Terrans, that's a familiar theme as well on
X-1 and Zero Hour and these things people were thinking of pre-Twilight Zone and so forth
back in the late 40s and even into the late 30s.
Well, Playhouse 90 gets some sci-fi things if you want to go back to archaic TV.
Back in the days of early broadcast television, they still had science fiction teleplays,
which occasionally were shown.
Back then when they were still using the analog signals, when the tinfoil hats came out, they
could actually still protect you.
The Germans had it first.
X is fairly even-sang about it in the radio.
Quite right. The Nazis had TV shows.
And it was their fun-filled days of non-recorded all-live programming too.
Of course, somewhat ideologically tainted.
And now, ladies and gentlemen, Deutschland's favorite first family, Adolf and Edo.
Well, in that movie, Contact,
they get the first signals from outer space,
and it's our own television signals beamed back at us,
and it's Hitler giving a speech.
At the Olympics in 1936, wasn't it?
Yeah. The first television signals to leave the planet were Adolf Hitler.
And you know what's funny? That song, Interfurer's Face, by Spike Jonze,
got a whole new meaning because of some of Hitler's medical finals that were released recently.
Apparently, the man farted constantly, so there he was.
So he was like,
HALT!
Interfurer's face!
Yeah.
Dr. Durbin says,
We is the master race.
Be HALT! HALT!
Right in the Fuhrer's face.
It's a little snore.
Not to love the Fuhrer, he's the big disgrace.
So we HALT! HALT!
Right in the Fuhrer's face.
Mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah.
Is this not the master race?
Yeah, this is the master race.
Is this not the Fuhrer's face?
Yeah.
Anyway.
That was the earlier Spike Jonze. Not to be confused with the modern day movie.
Movie director, no.
Spike Lee Jonze.
Don't they spell it the third?
Get it all confused and scrambled again.
Doesn't the director spell it differently?
I want the director's cut. Right now.
You're gonna get it right in your face, buddy boy.
I'll cut the director.
You're on the dotted line.
Oh, we are now.
You're changing the environment with your mind.
I need an aspirin.
There's plenty of aspirin where you're going, pal.
You're going straight to the chair.
It'll be a relief to sit down at last.
Stay above your head.
Stupid, a flight in line.
Don't slash these pant legs. I just bought them at Target.
Oh my god.
That's Tarzan, Tim.
Speaking of which...
Now they're a-shaven my head.
Here's how seriously I take the upcoming end of the world.
Very good.
I went out and got a haircut.
A professional haircut.
It's the first time I've done that since my daughter was married.
You won't be offended if I tell you I didn't notice.
No, not at all. You're a guy. Why would you notice?
I also bought new shoes exactly like the previous shoes.
Same ones I always buy.
Because I'm going to be officiating at two weddings.
So I want to have two really shiny sets of $19 Walmart sneakers with the Velcro straps.
And I bought a new pair of pants.
Just because they happen to be in my size.
That is so rare that even though I didn't need pants...
It's very peculiar. It is so bourgeois. You bought them in stinker, in impulse.
Nobody really needs pants.
My waist is four times the length of the legs.
Well, a waist is a terrible thing to mind.
...who has only two pair of pants.
You know at a glance by the two pair of pants...
I wear a pair on each leg, pal.
I do not put my pants on one leg at a time.
No, sir, no how.
Well, what does this have to do with Der Fuhrer's television show? I don't know.
Well, I don't know. You know, you could get those Nazi kinescopes by ordering it from the back of World War II magazine.
And, uh...
I don't know. I never ordered them.
They're on YouTube now.
They are?
I'm sure. Why not?
Wow. The Gestapo Hour is on YouTube now?
Is there anything that's not on YouTube, is the question.
It's hard to find, uh...
You cannot see the suicide of Bud Dwyer on YouTube.
Not on YouTube. That was taken off.
And you cannot see the hanging of Saddam Hussein on YouTube either.
And it used to be there?
I think it was there briefly. I don't know. It might be there now.
Well, they were worried because Saddam was so well hung, you know.
So it's on Vimeo instead, or Pintube, or RedTube, or something.
I broke up with the Internet, and the views and opinions expressed on this program are not necessarily those of WCSB or Cleveland State University.
This is Steve Chen.
I don't even recall expressing any opinions.
He says that all the time, but I don't think he believes it.
These are not opinions. These are facts.
But I think that he does believe it.
I do believe it.
For those of you just tuning in, my guests in the studio are the one and only Dr. Howell.
Hi.
And we've got Reverend Ivan Stang and Princess We Are Doe and Lonesome Cowboy Dave on the line.
And you can join this circus, too.
Believe me, the bar is not set that high.
All you gotta do is pick up your phone and call 216-687-3515.
Can you put screwdrivers all the way in through your ear and then all the way back out without any harm?
Harm your brain?
I don't think so.
I can't.
And I can't even stand to watch.
You don't even have ears anymore, darling.
No, I don't.
Look at what the world's done to you. Look out the window.
Those aren't ships coming. Those are giant locusts.
It's the end of everything.
The beginning of the end.
A Bert and I Gordon production.
The Ohio River will turn to blood.
And there will be darkness across the land and weeping and gnashing of mandibles.
The firstborn sons in Parkersburg will all have one of their teeth taken away.
And it will be the only tooth that they had.
So it will be tragedy.
By a tooth heterosexual.
These are the curses that will rain upon the Ohio Valley when the saucers come.
All right, basically.
Unforgivable pinkness.
I'm interested to hear from many viewers.
Viewers who can tell us about driving conditions.
The Jenkin fermentation chambers will explode.
What are the driving conditions out there?
Is there still driving rain, for example?
No.
Brief, there was right where I am about 48 to 59, 7, 11 miles from there.
There was a like a mini storm.
It happened for about three and a half minutes.
And now the sky is clear.
It's very odd.
It left about three raindrops and moved on.
Well, you know.
The storm that went through last Friday was considered to did more damage than Hurricane Ike did three years ago.
Goodness.
That's really true.
Ohio really has been declared a disaster area.
Southern Central Ohio.
Well, it was previously declared mentally unfit for service.
And that's where we're going.
Our car is packed up and we're ready to drive straight into the heart of the hurricane.
Into the very butt of the tornado.
Will you minister to those stricken people staying?
No.
Will you bring them boxes of slack?
We will minister to these poor souls in their time of need.
Yes, if they have a buck.
Come on, boys.
Let's all lift this tree off the road together.
We're going to get to Exeter and save the life of the poor.
I did learn there is in fact a tree in the road on the way to Exeter.
What route did you plan on taking?
I had a horrible, horrible time last year trying to find my way there.
Well, I was going to go to the other side.
We did this two months ago.
You go down 77 and then you take 70 west toward Columbus.
But you turn off at Zanesville and go south through some very, very depressed but quaint small towns.
So is this quicker than taking 77 all the way to Marietta and then taking 7 the rest of the way?
It's probably six, one half dozen of the other.
The GPS said to go the Zanesville route.
And MapQuest says to go down to Marietta and Parkersburg.
Yeah, I'm not going through West Virginia again.
That was really scary.
No, no.
What happened?
I guess you're not from Texas, are you?
No, I'm from Cleveland and I'm scared.
Downtown Parkersburg on a hot summer night, man.
Like all these people were walking.
It looked like a great place to buy meth.
Well, I'm sure it is.
And a great place to get a lap dance too.
But I don't know.
The locals just had this look in their eyes.
They'll drive 80 miles an hour up the speed limit too.
And they go through the hills with these speeds.
Like they do in Northern California or Central California.
They drive through these huge mountainous areas like 90 miles an hour.
While we lakey people, we beach land people are crawling slowly like,
here comes another turn. We're going down the hill now.
That's why we're still alive to tell of it, Dave.
A slight amount of caution is salutary.
I could tell you're from out of town, buddy.
You creeped up off that hill going 20 miles an hour.
What's wrong with you?
You can make that 90, 90 miles an hour.
Who's in such a hurry?
I had a truck come up behind me on curvy roads in Tennessee at night.
Where's the fire?
It came up on me so fast that had I not been lucky enough to notice a side road,
he definitely would have rammed into me.
I almost rolled my car getting out of his way.
And I was lucky to be able to get out of his way.
I have no idea what that guy had in mind aside from pushing me at 90 miles an hour
the rest of the way at this curvy Tennessee hill road.
That was rude.
He was a bit drunken.
Yeah.
Well, I don't know.
He might have been one of those redneck cannibals that our GPS is always trying to send us into nests of.
Yeah, I heard all about those redneck anthropophagists that we've been having.
Just face the fact that they're going to be one kind of people and one kind of people only.
And you can't tell me it has anything to do with bath salts.
That's the real lost cause, Roger.
That's got a cover story stench to it that set me off the moment I sniffed it.
Kelgon, take me away.
Did you use the instrument?
What?
The Klingon bath oil beads?
Everybody knows what makes you eat face is toad licking.
You lick a toad and then you eat somebody's face off.
Pure propaganda from non-Batrachians.
That's the whole reason for licking toads is so you can go eat somebody's face off of them.
Why else would you eat somebody's face?
And why else would you go to Exeter other than to have some good old fashioned face eating, some face biting going on?
How are you?
Some cheek chomping, some nose gripping, some ear sucking.
The apocalypse is nigh.
Pucker your lips for the apocalypse.
It won't be so bad.
And kiss your ass goodbye.
Just calm down. It's going to be alright.
Particularly if you have tithed.
But of course we're not allowed to...
to mention that any more than generally.
But if you want to be saved, if you want your bacon to be saved...
Salvation has its price. We just can't say what it is.
If you want to live forever in eternal pleasure...
You know, that's not for everyone.
We're not trying to force this on people.
You may rather suffer for eternity or a few minutes or something.
Yes, it's entirely up to you whether you wish to...
Bob, I'll make your mind up for you.
...get royal with the rest of the pinks or escape on the...
He ain't gonna tell you what to think. He'll just tell you how to think.
...be given a spacious stateroom on the pleasure saucers of the sex goddesses.
But it may or may not be true that your brain is just humming away to the distant sound of all this music
and your body is left down here in a rubble, in the rubble, in the rubble.
What's the difference?
Each pleasure saucer is equipped with a greenhouse in which they grow actual Havafrop zippulops.
Yes, they imported the droppings of Tibetan holy men.
For that purpose.
But if you don't got a body, how you gonna smoke the Havsaparapilipilop?
What you'll have is more real and more concrete than your present body.
Your present body is a ghostly affair compared to the solid body that you will have in the next phase of your development as a subgenius.
When the third nostril opens, it can never be closed again.
Yes.
However, it can be poked out with a stick.
Even so.
It can be plugged up with a cork, but who would be so ungrateful?
Well, that's how you get high.
When you put that stick in there.
How do you get the water out?
When you put that stick in there, it can trigger the kind of sneeze that is the sort of thing that whole galaxies can be born from.
You can sneeze down to your knees.
And that's what we're all looking for.
You know, when I started my spiritual career, it was something like about 75, 85 years ago,
the first thing I learned was to poke out that third eye, or I mean that third eye, sorry, sorry, that's a different religion entirely.
Poke out that third eye.
Wipe the crud out of your third eye.
And push it, push it very, very hard.
And be a man.
Yes. Face it. You're going to have to do it some day or another.
And now is the best time.
Oh, they talk about your third nostril and your third eye and all that.
What about the third mouth? What about your third ear?
I guess nobody cares about that.
I guess it's just not important.
Third ear? No, that just sounds silly.
I could squirt ectoplasm from my third nipple.
It's ridiculous compared to something elevated like a third nostril or a third eyeball.
Well, you know, Reverend Stang, it makes them uncomfortable if you describe the necessary morphogenesis that they will have to undergo.
Well, I've got seven butt cheeks. I've been butt hurt so many times I had to grow that many extra spans.
Well, we pioneers have already adapted to our new configurations, but they may be slightly conservative and wish to retain their former human habiliments.
From a sociological viewpoint, it's clear and it's quite clear that the human human hability is not the same as the human human hability.

It's quite obvious that growing more than one organ can be very, very effective and helpful in many, many situations that the young or old XEs, the travelers, so to speak, might encounter as they leave this area.
Call in a backup system.
Those of you who live with the condition of having seven butt cheeks, you may have encountered social isolation in the past.
As a result of this, you may not find public accommodations to be suited to your demands.
But in the end, in the end, and the two saucers, you will find the commodes to be very well equipped.
Commodious, in other words. And accommodating.
The seven seats are the right hand of Bob to hold those who've been butt hurt seven times.
And have the seven sheets...
And what a delicious feeling it is to be butt hurt by Bob.
The seven sheets of the sacred scribe.
On my way to the...
Far off, oh Lord.
On my way to the Appalachian...
Far off, oh Lord.
Peaks, I met a man with seven cheeks.
Every cheek had seven boils.
But every boil oozed seven oils.
And every oil zoomed large and wide throughout the entire Himalayan countryside.
My mouth, he got my mouth watering now.
I'm ready for a...
Now that cheek.
I'm ready for a Shonis.
After hearing about all that oiling.
Mouth, no mouth, here's the best discus, discus, no wish.
There's a number to call if you'd like to get in on this conversation.
Please don't be afraid.
Disgusting.
We won't eat you.
We do not eat humans.
No.
Such as beneath us.
Not unduly.
We're not unduly.
Very, very afraid.
Actually, Dr. Sinister in the X-Day program book, there is a diagram of the...
All animals have the same parts.
It shows a human with the leg, feet, there you can see...
The various portions, the edible portions of the anatomy.
You'll notice it leaves the head out.
Most people don't eat the chorizo.
The chorizo.
Yes.
The human chorizo.
That's that famous...
Pamela Anderson.
Pam Anderson.
Yeah, that's who it is.
Yep.
And you could, as if you're going to be eating her part.
You know what?
We can.
We can.
Whichever one of us gets to her first.
I got dibs.
I got dibs on Pamela Anderson.
I'm going to cut her up just like this Dr. Leggian picture here.
I got her.
She's probably already full of some certain embalming agents.
I mean, you can eat human parts.
But it's kind of like eating Twinkies, you know.
Not everybody likes it.
You can't live on that.
You could call it long-term.
It's just a little bit of a treat every now and then.
I generally require higher quality.
I suppose.
I mean...
I eat Exists.
Yeah, there you go.
Well, now that may cause an incident, an interplanetary incident.
Oh, they give me their cast-offs.
Well, we might be quite tasty for these extraterrestrial beings.
I mean, not might.
I mean, that is a fear of...
You are.
They actually taught me how to eat Exists.
One of them I've never eaten.
One of them was actually eating himself.
How can we eat Exists?
They're so delicious.
He was gnawing on his own arm.
Oh, man.
An Exist for breakfast.
See, and I have to have Shoney's once again.
We're going to have to hit that Shoney's.
I guess.
I do not like green Exists and ham.
Well, never say never.
We can't be conservative in our eating habits.
Would you?
Could you?
On a boat?
Would you?
Could you?
I mean, I'm not sure.






I'm afraid I'm not going to be able to eat it.




I'm going to have to eat something with a goat.
Wild goat.
It's so synchronistic, it kind of makes you almost want to fall asleep and barf, and
then not be able to wake up because you've swallowed it.
Well, not necessarily.
It is synchronistic, though.
Yeah, okay, I'll bite.
But surely there's an antidote for this unpleasant trope.
The Antidote Pudding.
It's tasty and it's delicious.
How do I get me some of that stuff?
As G. Gordon Gordon said, give me the antidote or go to hell.
kill me.
That's what you've got to do.
Well, that's going to solve the problem one way or the other.
G. Gordon Gordon will be at the judgment.
He will.
Yes, in fact, he may be at Wisteria right now.
I'm telling you, people have said,
why should I go to this particular X day?
And I'll tell you the reason right now.
What we've got is better than a hundred dancing girls
and fire-breathing clowns.
What we've got is elder subgeniuses.
Yes, the elder subgenius cadre
is going to be there to impart their musty age-old wisdom
onto the young ones.
You must wear a gas mask.
Yes, we're going to mold the spirits of those youthful subgeniuses.
With real mold.
And make them ask.
So what happens is actually some elder subgenie
get to a certain point where they're able to actually rejuvenate themselves.
And this is...
Just like Sally.
And spend a long time...
This is where the younger subgenie come from, actually.
...saying things like...
Dr. Leguin and G. Gordon Gordon both have been...
Rather than rejuvenating themselves organically,
they've done it mechanically.
And they've also visited the pond across the water.
More machine than man.
Perverted science.
Twisted and evil.
Crucially bionic.
But it is true that they have both visited the pond across the water and returned.
To tell you that it's not much...
I don't know what they told us, but...
Well, they returned.
That's the point.
They just returned.
You know, actions speak louder than words.
And I suppose if you're confronted with
either being frozen stiff for a couple thousand years
in a cryogenic laboratory,
or a spaceship with babes crawling all over you,
I mean, what's the choice, you know?
I mean, it's obvious.
Well, you'd think it was.
But, of course, people are free to make their own decisions.
Well, that's the thing.
People have this stereotype vision of the pleasure saucers and the exes
as this literal flying saucers and big bedrooms
with babes or studs or whatever and so forth.
And it's...
Well, you said it was.
That is so limited.
In fact, the big worry that most people should be concerned with
is that their imagination won't give them what they could get.
In fact, a lot of people after X-Day,
because all they could envision was their shabby apartment
and their crappy job,
that's the way their escape planet will be.
It will be identical to what they're used to
because they can't imagine anything.
You've got to think big.
Or maybe they'll imagine some corny Playboy mansion type thing.
But, really, you should be ready to envision
and thus create an entire planet
on a latent planet.
Can't be helped, Jacob.
By whatever you would like it to be populated by.
It will have no shape.
It will have no dimension.
You've got to pick a red-haired dame with long, long gams
and giant wing cases.
Such things would be limitations.
And giant wing cases, yes.
Well...
As Bob said, watch two girls making it.
I'd rather be two girls making it.
Well, this will be your chance.
It is so.
And remember, you will mate with the sex goddesses.
That doesn't mean that they satisfy your present image
of what an appealing partner might be.
It's all chemical once you get to that level.
And these chemicals will cause you to follow certain tropisms,
certain behavior, which, involuntary though it may be,
will unite you in what must serve you from then on.
A self-contained zygote giving birth to itself
like the Bodhidharma.
I mean...
I think what Dr. Howell means is you'll get used to it.
That's right. You will get used to it.
You may puke a few times at first.
It's like, you know, trying heroin or something.
But after a while, you not only get used to it...
I never puked.
Well, I never tried heroin, so I wouldn't know.
I didn't try Oxycontin one time.
It made me feel like Rush Limbaugh for about half an hour,
and then I puked and puked and puked.
And the same thing happened to my friend who took the other half.
We both felt like Rush Limbaugh for half an hour, and then...
I actually felt my hearing going.
Hmm.
I actually felt my sternum was filled with flab.
Well, I can hear my hearing going all the time.
That's about half of what I hear.
You're supposed to focus on that sound, Stang,
and make it do what you want to.
Like if you wanted to hear something from afar, perhaps.
That's the technique they use.
You could rob banks, or you could fly,
or skyscrapers and stuff like that.
But you have to tune into it instead of avoid it.
Oh, I do tune in.
I hear the cicadas of my childhood all the time,
even on snowy days in northern Ohio.
You just gotta focus on the locus and get some traction on the action.
Back to the plagues of Egypt.
The same sound effects that they played to indicate Florida in TV shows,
that's just cicada noise.
That's what I hear all the time.
That scratchy sound.
I'm hearing it right now.

Oh, I can hear music way, way, way in the background.
It kind of sounds like...
This music crept by me on the water.
It sounds like the cry of nature, tooth and claw, red as a hammer.
The cry of the rabid baboon.
Tis nature's voice I hear, and I obey,
brother to Jove and master of the sea.
Oh yes, I will be able to create planets on my own,
to create worlds.
To create worlds of sycophants and to enjoy them.
All this will be mine.
You know what, the way Philo described it,
I think it was on one of the Puzzling Evidence shows I was on with you guys.
What him say?
He said, when X Day finally really happens,
he goes, the three of us are going to have the best comic book collections in the world,
all of a sudden.
But you know what, they'll all be the same comics.
Hmm.
Ooh.
He left Puzzling Evidence out, because Puzzling is not as much of a comic book.
He doesn't care about comics, no.
He's not really a comic nerd.
He's a war nerd.
What it would be terrible if it was like the third Archie or something like that.
It would be, because that would be, you'd have been cheated.
Instead of getting good comic book, you would have gotten an Archie of some kind.
And not even original, not first edition, just the third one,
of which there were 29 million.
You couldn't even take it to the local X's store,
the collectible guy with the funny hat and the long nose.
The commissary.
And say, check this out, man, this could be worth some, well, what's the use of money,
but it could be worth something.
With some creds.
Oh, that's an Archie number three.
I just, I can see three Archie characters in the room in front of me.
I'm not one of them.
Oh, well, really, I just don't know what to say about that.
Well, Dr. Howell looks a lot like the principal in the Archie comics.
You mean Mr. Weatherby?
He's actually the hero of those things.
He has a little Bob Hope nose like yours.
Hmm, old ski nose, eh?
I'll file that in.
Betty, Princess Wee looks like Betty, the nice blonde.
Yeah, but Archie married Veronica.
And Jughead.
I knew you were going to call me Jughead.
Yeah, Jughead over at the control panel.
I don't know why.
Well, Jughead was the cool one.
He's like Gilligan on Gilligan's Island.
But Archie married Veronica, you know.
Well, I understand that, but that leaves him as being Veronica.
Recently, Archie married Veronica and broke Betty's heart.
So what about that?
Oh, God.
Thank the Lord and Dobbs both that I don't keep up with that kind of crap.
Ah, yes.
Well, you know that he...
Yeah, I heard something horrible about Superman and also Green Lantern recently.
Green Lantern is gay.
Yeah, he came out of the closet.
Yeah, Superman, well, Superman had to redo everything.
Frankly, I think all of those guys are gay.
Including the living room.
I think that's the whole point of costume superheroes.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
That's exactly why the Comics Code Authority was created.
Yes.
Because the superheroes are all gay.
The sitcom means of persuasion.
The uniform.
The Comics Code Authority.
The seduction of the innocent.
Was created to put EC Comics out of business and to ensure that only superhero comics could prevail after that.
Right.
Yeah.
And then there would only be ubermensch and untermensch.
They made monsters illegal and men in leotards mandatory.
One could not show the law defeated, the inside of a thigh, drinking alcohol, a whole list of things that were forbidden by the Comics Code.
And look what happened.
And Red Sox is torn there, Superman.
Look what happens when you tell somebody they can't do something.
Same with the superhero comics.
Next thing you know, it's Zap Comics.
And, uh, which is why I'm sitting here right now, probably.
Zap Comics.
Well, one of the reasons you're sitting here.
Yeah, there's a few, but that's one of them.
It's directly the reason that I know Dr. Howell.
What about the ECs, though?
Those surely were...
Well, that was actually before my time.
They had outlawed that stuff before I had the right to read.
Someone has taken an overview from the Vestiges.
Hello, you're on the air.

Did you see before the Comics Code?
It was indeed. It was not allowed to join the Comics Code.
They were trying to put them out of business.
Hello, you are on the air.
Just to give you one quick verification on the Green Lantern thing.
The Green Lantern they have as gay was the Alan Scott Green Lantern from back in the 40s.
Okay?
The blonde-haired one. Not the Hal Jordan that they used in the movie last year.
He's blonde and he's gay and he's a Nazi. I got it.
Sorry.
No, he's a member of the Green Lanterns. They are interplanetary peacekeepers.
And they are known to have large orgies amongst themselves as well.
I guess they'd have to call him Pink Lantern now or something.
Here it goes. See, now I have to put a bleep in the hour slide.
Why? Because you said Pink Lantern?
He was going to get married to a guy. They were getting married.
I said they had orgies.
On an elevated train.
On an elevated train. And the train went and blew up and killed his lover.
I guess there's supposed to be a moral to the story that way.
The moral is always check your ticket.
Yep.
Well, I don't know folks. These are just stories. Stories, that's all. They're parables told by our Lord.
Some people believe that our American superheroes are homosexuals, deviants, and communists.
This is all the time presented to you by the Moscow Life.
I had a gay wedding in Marple last month.
I'm a homosexual.
That's right. North Star married, uh, it's worse than gay marriage. It was a mutant and non-mutant marriage.
Mutant?
Yeah.
Oh, well, many marriages are like that.
The revelations to the fountain learned, rose before us, and its prophets burned, are all but stories, which arose from sleep, they told their comrades, and to sleep returned.
But don't worry. Everything's going to be all right.
Because we tell you so. You can believe it. You can take it to the bank. Whatever happens in the next week, however horrible it may seem, you will be okay.
Because you're listening to our words now. That little bit will preserve you from the ruck of destruction, the juggernaut of doom rumbling toward you and everyone else this moment.
Great talk.
Actually...
Actually, I lean more toward the, uh, Zap comics, the one with Captain Fiskums and his pervert pirates.
What about them? You think they're historically accurate?
Shooter Me Timbers.
He got a number one. He got the one, not the Zap 2, I think it was, uh, Mr. P.
Yeah, it's not in Zap number one, that's true.
I've got the Zaps, but they're all reprint issues. Not the originals, but I got reprint issues of the Zaps.
That's all right. You got them.
Yeah. Yeah.
You can view them. You can look at them, whether, in fact, you can bend the covers back if they're just reprinted.
For that?
For that matter, I got a copy of Bob's favorite comics.
Wow, that's rare, all right.
That is rare.
Well, we got two issues of that.
Only one, I fear.
No, we, uh, believe me, Ripoff Press and I both tried. I'm sure Dr. Howell even put in his two cents worth, but, uh...
Oh, they don't consult me.
Lies was the editor, and he was rather a perfectionist about it.
He refused to do a second issue and mess with perfection.
Ugh.
Yeah.
Whatever.
Uh...
I didn't think it was that perfect myself.
Well, it did have the story One God Too Many, and, you know, I had some pieces in there, and, uh, it had its, its moments, surely.
But, unfortunately, you may not know the story. Almost all the copies of the print run, which was not large to begin with, were destroyed when an illegal Chinese fireworks factory exploded, and a huge fire consumed all those stories.

And, uh, the story was, uh, a little bit of a surprise.
I didn't know that.
That is true.
That's an exciting tale.
So, those comics are rare indeed.
Yeah, Bob's Favorite Comics was banned in Canada and New Zealand because of the story that I wrote and Paul McFreedy's illustrated.
Care Dog Meets Bee Bear.
Yeah, because they were concerned that children...
And it looked, it did look just like a kid's comic. It even had the, uh, the three My Little Ponies of the Apocalypse.
Uh...
And, uh, and it, uh, the problem was that it had a really depressing ending.
That's true.
And they were afraid that children would buy this pleasant-looking comic book and then be traumatized.
But the cover was certainly not, uh, designed to appeal to children of any stripe.
They will not be nearly as traumatized as they would be by listening to this program, which...
Yeah.
...is synesthesia.
...portions of the following broadcast will be objectionable to some members of the audience, which is why we advise listener discretion.
The views and opinions expressed on this program are not necessarily those of WCSB or Cleveland Public Broadcasting.
We are happy to assist in any way we can to help to support the program.








And, uh, I think now might be a good time to just take a very short break to, uh, change discs at least.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And, uh...
Don't say anything funny, anybody.
Don't think anything.
Oh, my aching discs.
Dave, did you want to hold on, or...?
Uh, should I call back, or...?
Whichever you prefer.
Whatever's easiest for you.
Call back.
Call back.

In another five minutes?
Uh, is 7-12 at 9 again?
Five minutes sounds just about right.
What is it?
Five minutes sounds just peachy.
Hey, big five.
Five?
Five?
All right, then I'll let you go.
Shoot.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.

Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.






Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
And we are back.
Yes.
Synesthesia on WCSB Cleveland and, uh, two ones out.
No valve viewers in the vest.
The ESC-SCS, let me know if you'd like to get on the air?
Sounds like Starwood...
Got an all-star lineup here.
If you're listening to Hour of Sache, this is Starwood.

Slack, that phone number is...
Yes, make sure it's scrambled so they cannot trace the information.
Well, I don't want some poor old lady in Atlanta listening to, you know, to get a bunch of calls from WREK listeners.
Well, that's why we put the area code in there.
It's been known to happen.
We said 216, not 404.
Well, you know, just in case.
And also, I don't want people calling up some other WCSB DJ and thinking it's the middle of an hour of slack or something.
Well, that's part of the fun.
Getting calls for the wrong shows up here.
Happens all the time.
People would call up and ask, like, hey, is DJ A there?
See, that never happens to me because I pretty much let everybody know that we only let Dave talk on the show.
We've got somebody else here who is not Dave right now on the air.
People calling up.
One caller show.
Hello.
Demand that you play some tune.
Hey.
Hey.
Drunk Mike.
Drunk Mike.
It is such a pleasure to hear from you.
You picked a good night to call in.
How you doing, brother?
Good to hear from you.
Let's bring our lonesome cowboy Dave on as well here.
Welcome.
You are on the air.
Does Bob look fat in these pants?
P-H-A-T.
Yes, he looks cool.
He looks very fat.
What's the new word for cool?
So, Mike, what are you going to do with the end of the world coming this week?
Cool?
What am I going to do?
I'm going to bottle my erasure.
I'm going to sing songs, epithets to the wind.
Sing in the sunshine.
I'm going to cry out in the night.
Yes.
What are you going to do?
We're going to prepare ourselves for...
I'm putting the question to Drunk Mike.
What will you do when the world ends this week?
Well, I'm going to sit.
I'm going to sit.


I'm going to sit on a porch, drink my natty-datty, and sit back and say...
That's pretty much what we have in mind.
If anybody could find a way to make do with the burnt-out husk of a shell this planet will become, I think it would be you.
I ain't worried about nothing, man.
I got a sledgehammer and a natty-datty, and I'm good.
What are you going to do with the sledgehammer when the world ends?
Well, the hammer...
For the zombies.
Oh, okay.
I thought you were going to beat the world up.
No, that's for the zombies.
The world will beat itself up.
Yes, that's what's happening.
The world's kicking its own butt.
Too hard, too long.
It has a fever.
It takes a lot of flexibility.
It does.
It takes yogic flexibility to make that happen.
I might ride my bike around naked and drinking natty-datty.
Now you're talking.
Now that's living.
Yeah.
But what about the face-eating?
Everybody leaves out the face-eating.
That seems to be a big fad these days.
It's just the last I might need.
I thought that was just for chimps, not chumps.
Chimp on Prozac.
That's another good band name.
I might watch episodes of A Facts of Life and drink.
There was a great series on called The Nature of Sex
that was about how animals do it of all kinds.
And I must say, the thing about fruit bats
was one of the most disgusting things I've ever seen committed to film.
Well, that's because you don't like bats.
I think the best is the California condor.
You ever see them in the act?
It is so majestic.
These are like the baneful birds that you're talking about.
Why would California condors be any different from...
Because they've got a huge wingspan.
And the male will walk up and spread his wingspan out like,
Hey!
What do you think of this?
And then eventually he'll circle the female a couple of times
and then he'll get on her back and be flapping with each...
Smell what I've been rolling in.
Flapping the wings with each thrust.
Take a whiff of my bald head.
The California condor is a living relative of the extinct prehistoric teratornus,
which may have been the largest flying bird that ever existed.
As opposed to flying pterosaurs?
Well, pterosaurs may have gotten bigger.
And griffins.
But the teratornus was as large as a pteranodon, certainly.
It was quite big for a thing with feathers.
Took up a lot of teratornus.
Teratori.
Teratorian-ness.
They have them on Skull Island, actually.
Once again, I'm talking about King Kong 1933.
You see it feasting on the knocked down and dying,
but still basically...
He's reliving Tyrannosaurus in the movie.
He didn't even say goodbye.
No, no.
You start talking about...
Well, I'm just happy he finally called it.
Mike, why should he say goodbye to him?
Some people never can say goodbye, reasonably.
Subgeniuses never say goodbye.
I have windscreen Mike in front of me.
Being a subgenius means never having to say goodbye.
Or you're sorry.
That is the problem, though.
If you think of it, eschatological, not eschatological.
Eschatological.
Subgenius.
Eschatology.
Subgenius means never saying goodbye.
Never having to say, here's that money I owe you.
It means never having to say goodbye to earthly pleasures,
but an increase in earthly pleasures.
It's quite a different thing than most going around.
The world is suffering, of course.
Well, that's the promise.
Which we all may or may not accept.
But the end is suffering in a physical body of some kind
with all the rewards that you could reap from that.
I mean, all the material and physical rewards you could reap from that.
I mean, who gets promised that?
Only those who have those bodies.
So sensuously avid to continue these sensations.
But this is just a...
I don't even know if I should say this, but it's a come on.
An advertising come on.
You have to get the people to do it.
No, when you move on, your new body isn't going to want the same sensations
as your primitive, old, earthly body.
Why, that would be sort of, you know, retarded or differently abled,
as we'll say in the new world.
It'd be a waste.
Yeah.
You'd be able to appreciate it.
You'd be able to appreciate some much more bizarre, weird, twisted pleasures.
Indeed, you may feel far greater levels of pain than you could ever feel in this life,
and as a matter of course.
But you won't mind, because you will be a more advanced being.
Oh, you'll pay extra.
Yes, you'll like it.
The unimaginable.
Dance the dance of tears and pain.
Loud lightnings shall lash upon your limbs
as you turn the whirlwinds.
Loose upon your anvils.
Now, in exchange for otherworldly levels of pain,
you also get to experience otherworldly orgasms as well,
which is a fair deal.
It's a fair trade at the end.
Some are indifferent to these and have called them either orgasms.
And if you see somebody running around in flames screaming,
that doesn't mean that they're actually in pain.
No, that means you somehow accidentally got to burning instead of wisteria.
Screaming in pleasure in many cases.
You're on the air.
Flesh and grips from their bodies.
Hello, is this WCSB?
Yes, it is.
This is Doc Zeronius.
Well, what do you know?
I just wanted to say goodbye.
I understand that I might be the first subgenius to say goodbye,
so I didn't want to miss that opportunity.
Oh, I'm sorry that we couldn't say goodbye to you in person.
Yeah.
We were really hoping you and tawdry milk toast would be able to make it.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I'm not in Kansas.
Right.
And the excess will get to you, what, three hours later than Tuesday is the new thing.
Now, I guess.
Yes.
Exist Tuesday.
All of my excess in Texas lasts 24 hours.
It starts in the middle of the Pacific at the beginning of the time zone near Samoa and or Togo.
Actually.
And it's and then it's the earth.
The saucers just line up and let the earth turn under it.
They're geosynchronous.
Right.
So we would we should be able to watch, say, for instance, the world ending in Australia on our TVs in Ohio.
By the same token, Zeronius and tawdry in Portland would be able to watch New York burn, for instance.
Right.
And Ohio, of course.
Yeah.
Before it gets to them.
Right.
It's the party of the millennium.
And by the way, New York will burn.
It'll burn, friends.
It'll burn.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty, Turkish, hark-a-back, flackin' wharton, Philip Bunker Burton, Perkaluma Burton, Thurton Buston.
I don't want.
B-O-B.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show.
And we're even more glad that we're here.
We're even more glad that we're here.
We're even more glad that we're here.
I know that some listeners have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple
of months.
Not just this show, but Subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob and want some of that slack back to rebound to you, you should
go to Subgenius.com front page or especially the radio page or the catalog store pages
and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be a member of the subgenius.com community.
I'm Bob Bunker, and I hope that's something that you're excited to do.




There's a lot of people that have been on the brink of total poverty, and we don't
want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Some of you still have jobs.
Even $5 makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
$50 makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blow jobs could go the way of Steve jobs if you don't pay
dogs.
We also take checks and money orders.
to Subgenius Foundation, P.O. Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help Let There Be Slack.
We'll see you next time.
Everybody, pause!
