The adventures of this famous alcoholic detective.
The choice of men who stay that way throughout the day.
Brought to you by the Subgenius.
Our all-star watch.
Again and again throughout the day.
They're coming!
Well, we're back on the air here at Subcon 06.
And the crowd is just beginning to simmer and percolate.
Show a little movement, a little bubbling movement around the edges.
As a sheet of steam rises from the hitherto quiescent mass.
And it's beautiful spring weather.
The morning rains have largely disappeared from the retreat.
The historic Brushwood campground.
Nestled in the midst of Amish and Hutterite farms.
In scenic western New York State.
And it looks like the Subgenius powwow.
May be heading for a culmination of sorts.
Praise Bob and hail to the Chief.
Chief Howell.
Indeed.
And to our friends at Central Services.
Who are holding it all together with chewing gum, bobby pins and bailing wire.
And Patsy.
Thanks for those bobby pins all you bobbies and pinheads.
Now if there are any bobbies who have not been pinned at this time.
They are to present themselves for repinning at the Central Administration Services Tower.
Bobbies to my left.
There are bobbies to my right.
Bobbies versus bobbies.
Yet they refuse to fight.
Bobbies versus bobbies.
Which side will you choose?
Bobbies versus bobbies.
Where the bobbies never lose.
Bobbies.
Bobbies.
Which bobbies at night.
And where the bobbies will most likely...
Just find lado iron.




I will show you how to handle bobbies and pinheads.

I appreciate the Institute and all of your others, and we drink to those of you who consider

And the fact under that Every Day Obnoxious.

None a센,,,,.,..., Because I will find all the others.
Fist coloured with the strangest words in both languages.
This word is real enough to turn around your stomach.

To lease her 2007 rescuer mind off Bebe's mouth.
O garam vanilla claudia de cabrillo, even before she said no.
Daddy
Daddy
Daddy
Daddy
Daddy
Daddy
Daddy
Daddy


Daddy
Daddy
That was Reverend Synphotimus Ex Mortis
singing at 9X Day
during the Sunday Night Wotan Jam.
With two Beans on Computer Noises
and Reverend Phil on Drums
Reverend Carter LeBlanc on Bass
and the fantastic
Reverend Angry Larry on Guitar.
Friends, this is Hour of Slack
number 1056
the second of our specials
on X Day
composed entirely of recordings
made at that actual subgenius
end of the world drill.
Plus clips from the Puzzling Evidence Show
from Berklee with Dr. Howell
Dr. Philodrummon and Puzzling Evidence
as well as Radiosynesthesia
from WCSB
in Cleveland
and so let us go back
to this live Hour of Slack
on stage recording from
9X Day with
Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Dr. Howell
And there's plenty of
free parking outside.
So stop on by on Tuesday
that's when Grandma Herdsberry
will be passing out Amish Delights
like Selecular Cheese
and the new
Deerfield
Remember when Grandma used to bend
over and pull one out of the oven
Well, it wasn't as easy
for her as it looked even back then
but with today's scientific
achievements you can have a new brother
sister, anyone that you
want simply by taking
a little pill. Question is
who's gonna control the bottle?
I was looking at the news and it seems
like, I don't know how many of you folks heard this
just recently Rush Limbaugh
was busted at the airport
and it was time for having a huge jar
of illegal Viagra
and I have to say
there's something pretty wrong
with this country when they try to take
Rush Limbaugh's giant mayonnaise
jar full of Viagra at the airport
Omega
Dettol's to that
I just wanna say the last time they snagged mine
at the airport I had a hell of a time
getting out of there and I mean
whose fault is this? You know I was blaming
Jack and Ethel Kennedy for that
I could go back 25 years if I could remember that
Well you're not supposed to carry
Jack and Ethel in your luggage
but whatever you've got there
the whole point is if they can get Limbaugh
they can certainly get me and you
we're smaller fish in the tentacles
of the national security state
Alright Dusty we know you could never get
all of Mr. Lunchbox's box
in that vestical
Aw gee
But that doesn't mean it's not going to work tomorrow
Have a brave heart, a clean mind
and for God's sakes get that
mustard off your underwear
When I was mustered
or called up to service
I was a green sprig
though you'd probably hardly think that
to look at me now
and over the years I have
excelled in the service
of my epopt
in my own way
but time
and even the rubberized tentacles
of the squid can wear one
down until one
is essentially a shell
a phantom, a particle
of one's ancient self
that still remains vainly quoting
obscure aspects and facets
of subgenius doctrine
Sarge Sarge, candle lift
it's too late, look, look there on the horizon
all four of them
no, it's more like forty
Load up
it's more like forty thousand
the whole sky is filling with them
Sarge Sarge, you better get your head down
I remember when I first met George Bush
I met him at the Farmers Bank Rehabilitation Center
I remember too
In Farmers Branch, Texas
I can't put this thing up anymore
I can't get my penis up
It's the detardo's
I said I'll stop using that substance
I said I'll stop using that substance
Just use it now, baby
I said I'll stop using that substance
Just use it now, baby
Just use it now, baby
I said I'll stop using that substance

Because you kick him in the pants instead of teaching him to dance
And then you push his face in and then you wonder where he's been
He's a son of the internet, so stick to using Alphina
I said a son of the internet, so stick to using Alphina
Alphina!
There's always room for Jell-O
Jell-O
Jell-O wrestling, Jell-O worms
Jell-O pudding
Jell-O Biafra
There's always room for Jell-O Biafra
That was Priestess Pisces with Reverend Carter LeBlanc at 9X Day
And there's lots more of both of them coming up
But first, I want to thank you all for watching

Before that, Lonesome Cowboy Dave and the Mondo DiTardo Band
Which in this case was Princess We Are Doe and half of the amino acids
And that's them right now
Meanwhile friends, let's go back to Dr. Howell and Lonesome Cowboy Dave
And myself on stage at X Day right after a tape flip
So I believe that we catch Howell in the middle of an explanation
Of the pig-headedness of the Lonesome Cowboy Dave
Of the porkishly provincial
Naturally, they think the things which happen in their village of time
Outgun and trump everybody else's experience
But it's not true
Why, as far as you know, 13th century reformed Lutheran masturbators
Had a time compared to which the best experience of your life
Might be considered agony by comparison
That's right, Reverend Stubbs
We see a change in the morphology
All the way back to the very first ones
You notice an expansion of the arch of the foot
Almost resembling a duck
Really?
Yes, and in the second stage we notice more hirsutism
Hair growing not only out of the eyes and ears
But out of other unestablished parts
Yes, well, you can't
I mean, that is the tribute that one pays to time
The unpleasant symptoms of the male menopause
The hair growing from the ears
The bushy eyebrows like those characters in Dune
You know, it all happens
The indignities of time
One can crop back the beast flesh
But it will invariably show
But we must remember Luther and all our pursuits
We must think first of God, not of this...
Dobbs
We must think of the creator of all things
Think of the creator and not of Dobbs?
Yes
Think of Dobbs, then all is lost
Dobbs, cease it!
Oh, he's simply having a momentary lapse of recusal
It happens to the most brilliant subgenius sages and mages
Because of the intense strain of the constant correlation
Of the Dobbs position with every aspect of life
I wanted a smooth, shiny face when the exes came
I didn't want to look like the rest of my hearse
Of morphologically changed individuals
For friends
I wanted to be able to step on board that red carpet
With a shiny, smooth face
I was even going to have my scalp rubbed
And maybe shave my brain
It's too late now, isn't it?
Far too late
Ah, yes
It seems like that
That is the nightmare
There's a certain type of people
I'm one of them
You get stressed and obsessed
About missing trains
And planes
And appointments
You get all twisted
All bent out of shape
The thought that you just might miss a train or something
That's the most awful thing
How much more awful is it to miss that moment
When you step across the threshold
Onto that glowing, shining saucer?
I remember when they crucified the eyeball
And the saucers came
We were standing around in a circle
There was like maybe 30 or 40 people there
And their heads began to expand
Just like the elderly gentleman there
Who's expired in front of us
And the next thing we knew
It was far too late
Terrible, terrible
A terrible thing, ghastly
I had nothing to do with it
I heard you were the perpetrator
Well, you see
That just shows how these silly rumors spread
You know, I don't believe everything you read on the internet
Yes, that's all a tissue of malarkey and horseshit
You can take it from me
I, Dr. Howland, I'll deplore these excesses of
Shall we call them religious zeal?
Zeal when and if they occur
Remember, do not as I do in my fallible weakness
But as I say in my insufferable smarminess
But don't allow the dogs nearby
No, dogs delight to bark and bite
Yes, and we'll hold them right in front of your face
And pull down your panties
And we'll scream to high heaven
Well, you know, to a canine
Things that are considered in human terms
Uncouth or not suitable for the drawing room
Are just fine and dandy
Well, for the cyberdogs, things are doing much better now
Cyberdogs, eh?
Yes, the cyberdogs
The ones you implanted
Oh, well, I, you know
Always getting on the personal note here, you know
The phone companies planning to implant a chip
There's no reason to be in person now
The subgenius community doesn't ask even that much
Besides, if you haven't done anything
Why is there anything to be afraid of?
You should trust us
If you haven't been anywhere
Why feel like you've been somewhere?
If you don't want anything
Why are you upset that you don't get anything?
If you have no needs
Why are you bleeding on me?
If you have no pants
Why are you hesitating to sit down?
I, I, I, I, I can't sit down
I can't stand up
I'm waiting, I'm waiting
Who only sit and wait
And some of them will balloon up again
Throughout this entire area within the next few moments
Well, that's as it may be
That's an act of God or the devil
You know, humans are Brownian particles like everything else
Dashed around by the random processes of providence
I dream that strings theory
That's it, that strings theory?
Strings theory?
Was the strength to dream of string theory
Was like a bowl of spaghetti
Where each crudiment was
Or each bundle of spaghetti
Represent one of the many worlds we might be seeing perhaps
A writhing cauldron of slimy noodles
And yet each, each segment of the noodle
Represents only a minute portion of the duration
Of the time dimension
A meatball, as shown here
Wait, that's the wrong one
The meatball is a meatball
The meatball, shown here
There it is
The meatball, shown here
Represents one of the indivisible worlds
That creates the spaghetti around it
Or the many strings of reality
You see, when we look at the aggregate mass
Those tumbling tubes
We tend to look most closely at those odd effusions
Which appear articulated in the middle of the mass
The meatballs draw our eye
While the spaghetti becomes the ground for the figure of the meatball
The meatball
You're all fools
Silly old fools
Do you think you really know what this is all about?
Is it all cut and dry?
Is it all in black and white for you?
Do I have to spell it out?
Is it all in black and white for you?
Bulls, the everlast one of you
Do you think it's all about you?
The money's been paid
The deal's been made
And you're just a pawn in this lovely game
You're just a pawn in this lovely game
Buy the ticket
Ride the ride
$30
Ride the ride
Bulls, you silly little fools
Do you think it's about you?
It's about your slack
It's about your little trip
It's all about you
No, you're a real estate
You're a piece of the deal
That happened long ago
In a Waffle House
In Avondale Estates, Georgia
It's not about you
It's not about me
It's not about him
It's not about her
It's about the deal
The deal has gone down
The deal has gone down
The deal has gone down
And soon they're coming to collect the property
And if you're not out
There is no eviction notice, friends
There is no 30-day warning
There is no two weeks notice
They are coming to collect their property
And are you ready?
Because even...
When you're being sucked off the planet
There will be a little bit of a sting
It might hurt a bit
But just for a short while
It'll all be better
Once they begin the probing
The probing
The probing
The probing
They ask
But they don't know what they're doing
They don't want answers
They want results
They want results
That work
Dobbs has taken his 15% commission on this sale
He is our salesman of the year
They want results that work
They want you to work
They want you to work

Work harder
Work smarter
Work harder
Work smarter
Work harder
Work smarter
Work harder
Work smarter
And then what?
Shouldn't you be at work right now?
Isn't there something important you're supposed to be doing?
Didn't you leave the toaster on?
Did you feed the cat?
Did you sign your reports and fill them in the box?
Have you crossed your eyes and dotted your T's?
Are you minding your Q's and P's?
Did you sign your report and fill it in the box?
Have you crossed your eyes and dotted your T's?
When the great accounting comes, will you be ready?
Have you forgotten something?
Have you forgotten something?
What about me?
What about me?









Isn't it about time you called your mother?
She's probably wondering what you're doing right now.
You never call me, Bubba.
You never call me.
You never call me.
Isn't it about time you did your job?



You never did your taxes?
Isn't that paper due?
Weren't you supposed to pay that speeding ticket?
Weren't you supposed to call her back?
Isn't it about time you got that new water heater, Mr. Dobbs?
You never called me.




You never called me, 굳을 아 이래서

exhausting
it
so
in
5
6
7
8
8
6
7
enough, they'll hang themselves with it.
Isn't that a trapdoor underneath your feet?
Isn't that a man lurking in the shadows?
All these insecurities, these questions, these wondering, whatever happened to the love of
blind faith, the blind faith that tells us as we know that one day they will come.
One day they will come.
Whatever happened to Saturday night?
That was Reverend Carter LeBlanc and Priestess Pisces.
They're all in their high knees spouting their full high knees off with two beams of
space drum music in the background, but I can't help it.
We don't have any control over this.
We didn't know anything about the date of 1998 until we got that pamphlet back from
the printers in 1980.
I didn't type in a date.
It was there when we picked it up at the printers.
There, there, Ivan.
It's all right.
It's all right.
We don't know.
It's okay.
For all I know, a roach crawled across the printing press and got squished into just
such a...
It could have...
...shape that it formed the letters July 5th, 1998.
Could happen to anyone.
It could.
Well, I don't know that it could happen to anyone.
I think that we are the chosen.
Bob said so.
There is a point.
We paid our $30.
We must be the chosen.
Coincidence or conspiracy?
We wouldn't be stupid enough to waste $30 on some scam.
That's how we know we're subgenial.
That cockroach may have been more culpable than I thought, but even so, we have achieved
some success in our chosen field...
...and are here broadcasting right at the moment.
I'm going to sing this the way I first heard this song.
Wild thing.
Heart's sake.
You make everything a groovy.
You make everything a groovy.



Wild thing.
Wild thing.
I think I love you.
But, but, I want to know for sure.
Come on.
Hold me tight.
I love you.
Wild thing.
You make my heart sing.
You make everything groovy.
Wild thing.
Wild thing, I think I love you.
But I would really like to know for sure.
Come on, hold me tight.
You move me.
Wild thing, you make my heart sing.
You make everything groovy.
Wild thing.
Wild thing.
You're such a wild thing.
You crawl on the stage.
And you have sex with the monitors.
You are insane.
I can't stand it.
You're driving me insane.
It's unbelievable, ladies and gentlemen.
I don't know what to do next.
Wild thing.
Wild thing.
Wild thing.
Wild thing.
Wild thing.
Wild thing.
Wild thing.
Wild thing.



The inimitable DJ Shaver in one of his many performances at 9X Day, this time singing
with backup from Five Fisted Tales of Connie, which is the name Reverend Angry Larry, the
guitar player, gave the spontaneous jam band afterwards.
And now Carter, the guitar player.

Let's hear it.
Let's hear the jam.
Let's hear it.
Let's hear it.
Let's hear it.
There ain't nothing.
There ain't nothing.
There ain't nothing.
There ain't nothing sweeter than probing oneself with the soft, smooth cranium of a round-headed
gray alien.
There ain't nothing sweeter.
There is something about the simple curves of their semi-fibrous skulls and the way in
which the skins, their gray, clammy, soft, pliable skin slips past whatever necessary
orifices one finds appropriate for such an act as that.
Because, when you get right down to it, humanity has been probed long enough.
Ain't it about time we probed ourselves with them instead of being probed by them?
The soft circumference of their smooth, spherical, skeletal formations.
The head bone, it's connected to the leg bone.
But when you put your dick bone in it, it feels really good.
Because it...
If it squiggles, you smash the fuck out of it.
I'm not going to do that.

I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
Now, friends, you know, you've got to be kind to our pagan brothers and sisters.
They may be off on a slightly wrong path, not focused on Bob's pipe or pecker like they
should be, just wandering the world looking for answers.
I know how it is.
Like Satan, wandering the world like a roaring lion looking for one to devour.
They're all looking for slack.
And we've all learned that slack is...
We always had it all the time.
The sub-genius must have slack.
That doesn't mean slack is something you're going to get.
That means you must have it in order to be a sub-genius.
Of course, that's the nensletic interpretation.
But it makes as much sense as anything else.
Because you always already have the slack.
It's whether you have the enlightenment to be able to appreciate the slack of, say, for
instance, some unbuttered pancake sitting on a paper plate in front of you.
You see, because the sub-genius must have the slack, it's not just the fact that you've

got the slack.
You must have slack.
That does not imply that the sub-genius who must have slack does not have slack.
Those who do not have slack and desire it are not, by this definition, sub-geniuses,
even though they desire slack.
For sub-geniuses have slack.
Right.
That's how you know you're a sub-genius.
You know what you're...
Even if you feel like you don't have enough slack, at least you know something's missing.
You have slack and you're not accessing it.

Right.
But the pity of the poor normal who doesn't even know what it's missing.
Sacks and sacks, the green plastic garbage bags of slack.
You know, if we only could put it in green plastic garbage bags, we'd be as rich
as the Scientologists.
Well, it's volatile.
Because that's essentially what they did.
It won't keep in those bags.
You can put it there, but it won't stay there long.
It volatilizes into the atmosphere.
Slack is nothing to be hoarded, but to be enjoyed on the surface.
It's a spot.
Right.
You don't want to be a slack sponge.
You want to be a slack fount.
You want to be a slack surfer, skidding and slipping and slopping on the stream of slack
as it spurts forth.
If you're going to break your neck, do you want to break it on the job or do you
want to break it surfing that curl of slack?
Well, I guess you don't have to break your neck.
I sometimes get off into fantasies.
The main thing about all this twaddle is that you have to seize the slackful moment
at the time when it happens.
It occurs in the pulsating sinusoidal avenues of reality.
You can't sit back and stroke your goatee and decide whether or not you'll stick your
toe in the slack stream.
You must instantly leap into its rushing torrent and risk being borne away.
And friends, this can happen many, many times a day.
You can take slack in your hand.
Boys, when you go to that urinal, you take slack in your hand and feel that mighty time
of pee.
And the time before the time of pee, sure, there's pain.
But that just makes the time of pee that much more slackful.
And ladies, I know the same could be true for you, although with a different configuration.
And when you go into that extra meditation chamber, you know, that is a gift that Bob
and God and nature give you, well, hopefully every day.
Yes, they say Beethoven composed some of his most moving pieces.
If you eat prunes, you can certainly...
He composed the most moving music when behind that little door with the half moon on it.
Did he?
Really?
It's like singing in the shower.
You know, a lot of people get their ideas when they get in the shower.
When you go into extra meditation, suddenly that problem that seems so insurmountable,
you suddenly go, oh my God, I know exactly what to do about it.
And oftentimes that is to blow it off.
The Marburg Bowl Symphony, for example.
Well, it is important to remember that slack is to be seized and apprehended.
And apprehended wherever it is found.
And not allowed to go on its merry, feckless way.
Well it does that anyway.
Because it's slack.
Yeah.
And the thing is, you must fulfill your options.
Get your equity.
Right.
Get in on the ground floor now.
There's miserable people going, oh God, I almost got slack.
If only I got a raise.
If only I could get an extra week off for vacation.
I could get a job.


I could have slack.
And meanwhile, they're missing, they're missing the incredible slack of staring at the end
of their shoe.
That's right.
If they were in subgenius consciousness, that slack would be anywhere they wanted to
look.
They would be able to slide into the cosmic consciousness of meditation upon how good
it is that they can even see the tip of their shoe.
I say that one because it's, meditating on the end of your shoe is what junkies are said
to do.
Didn't old Walt Whitman say that a mouse was a miracle to stagger sextillions of infidels?
There you go.
I'll take your word for it.
And I don't even like mice.
So you see folks, it's all the succotash and sorghum that they feed you.
It's hard to sort it all out, but just don't worry about it here at X Day.
That is our job description.
Oh, you're going to help me worry?
That's great.
I've never had anybody worry.
I'm going to take some of the Atlantean burden from your shoulders.
Here, brother, let me carry your cross.
Okay, sure.
Hey, wait, stop.
Come back.
He just offered to take that thing off his back and he just shrugged.
We're just a bunch of plain crazy brats and little outlaws running errands and becoming


Oh, wasn't that the furniture coming out of the house?
I had heard my uncle speaking to spirits
who replied with one knock for yes and two knocks for no.
Of kind of demonica, purim and furim.
Don't tell me you believe all that spiritualistic nonsense,
mediumistic trash about knocks and bangs and trumpets blowing
and flutes tootling and strange shrieks
and groans and orgasmic cries.
Only an idiot would think this was not real.
Doesn't it feel real?
Just remember the spirit of a man is the candle of the Lord
searching all the inward parts of his belly.
Man is born under trouble as the sparks fly upward.
As the sparks fly downward, the holy act of pyroflatulation
keeps the fire burning.
What is the spirit of man that goeth on?
The spirit of the beast that goeth downward to the earth.
It's called the monkey song.
What you talkin' about?
Monkey see and monkey do.
But Americans shouldn't have to presume a fair count.
The mainstream media has, to all effects and purposes,
established to borrow the phrase of the great American novelist Joseph Heller
at Catch-22 for election investigation.
No investigation without proof.
But then what proof can be had without investigation?
That's a lot like the witch doctors.
The subgenius doctors.
Oh, those doctors.
There they are.
By God, they're great patriots.
Those subgenius doctors were there in America's darkest hour.
Now they're marching onward into a new America.
In fact, they're practicing mediums.
By rites and incantations, they are supposed to heal the sick.
And put curses on people.
I'm happy.
Hello, friends.
Yeah, don't you feel happier to see us?
This is Bob.
You have to be like the size of that platform.
They're the most dedicated doctors ever.
Hey, you know, we're saying doctors.
Nobody's said that for years.
Doctors.
Doctors.
Years and years ago, that was a title of honor in the subgenius church.
I have saved the earth.
Have you got a question for the subgenius doctors of the year?
Yes.
Do you know?
What would be?
Um, what ails you, doctor?
What ails me?
You mean physician heal thyself?
Medicaid, curate ipsum?
What's bugging you, doc?
Well, I'll tell you.
What's the bug up your butt?
It's the evils of this world.
And not simply man's greed and mendacity.
And graceful.
But also the unparalleled assaults of undecency.
Of the insect kingdom.
And furthermore.
Yes, bugs are bad.
He is in reality a wizard.
Well, they are when they bite you all weekend.
Bugs, bugs, bugs, bugs, bugs, bugs, bugs, bugs.
Every time you lift up your cup for that big draught of coffee, there's just dry bugs.
Well, I was trying to explain that what was significant about these chiggers floating in the coffee is the aperture of the coffee cup is about three and a half inches wide.
You know, the diameter.
And so that means that in this coffee cup, four or five, maybe seven chiggers have fallen overnight.
Think how many have fallen in the greater area out of the same tree outside the coffee cup.
This tree that overarches the humble trailer where the subgenius hives.
So these chiggers were in the tree?
Well, they must have.
They normally live in grass.
They look like an exploding head guy in a bad horror movie.

They have fallen.
They have fallen into this coffee cup, which was up on a...
They jump.
They're like fleas.
They jump.
They would have had to jump 12 feet up in the air, Jack.
Well, they're like a flea.
A flea can jump 12 feet.
They couldn't possibly.
They have little tiny brains and they jump like that.
They can jump 12 feet.
Come on.
Plus, chiggers have wings.
They can fly.
Some respect for reality here.
They can jump high and fly.
A chigger can jump like six feet.
And then it can fly like 30 or 40 feet.
They're little spastic spiders.
They can't do nothing.
Chiggers are the most...
Well, then why would you be so afraid and not care about it?
They are the craziest, wackiest animals in the world.
They're the most unusual new spider specimens with bulked up forearms like Popeye, which
we dubbed Popeye Arachne Gigantes.
I thought that was Popeye.
That's without an apostrophe.
And we took this spider to the outside world where we released it so that it could fraternize
with its sibling spiderlings.
But on a site...
I've seen my aunts and uncles put their stingers under the armpits of another person.
There were large ants there too.
All right.
Now we're calling the ambulance for you right now.
Digging their fingers into the pits.
Digging and digging and digging until they're just...
Yes, you're in reentry.
No, no, no.
But you've got my fingers under your pits.
Let go now.
Let go of my fingers.
Oh, that's what that was.
Start digging your sweaty pits.
I don't know about your intestines, but mine didn't swing from a tree.
Well, the amino acids played a good set.
Didn't they?
I always enjoy the amino acids performing.
Yeah.
And let...
Yeah.
I finally got to meet Angry Larry.
Angry Larry is the...
I finally got to meet him.
Never met him before.
That has got to be the most Three Stooges influenced band.
Well, they all kind of look like...
Although they deny that.
It wouldn't...
They all look like Curly with a...
If he had like a sperm tail coming off his head.
Well, they behave like Curly and they really abused that Bob dummy this time.
And me.








And me.
Come to think of it, I was looking at the videos today.
It's like I blanked this out of my memory, but first the ambassador, that's the one that
plays theremin.
He jumps out into the audience and starts fights with them.
Yeah, he jumped out and he had his way with the Bob dummy and he wasn't even faking it.
And then just as I was thinking, oh, this is really photogenic and funny, he grabbed
me and believe me, it's not funny.
Yes.
Friends, we are going to have the Bulldada auction at some point.
We'll also do the Bobby Awards.
The calligrapher is on her way down and the bribes have mostly been delivered, I think.
But I heard something just a minute ago at the beginning of that ceremony that I haven't
heard much of this weekend.
It was just two simple words.
Those words were praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Oh, God, that's like music to my ears.



Because you know, sometimes it's gotten to where it's just not cool to say praise Bob.
It's just not hip to announce proudly your complete and unquestioning devotion to that
so-called clip art head.
No, sometimes nowadays we think, oh, no, I don't want to look like a Bobby.
I don't want to look like an extremist.
You don't?
Oh, yes.
You do, as a matter of fact.
You are a subgenius.
You are an extremist.
You are a fanatic.
You do not, you should never, ever feel the slightest embarrassment about slavishly, slobberingly
devoting your every thought, spunk, and belief into that man.
Devote every bit of energy.
Forget your own life.
You are as nothing to Bob.
Yeah, you can't imagine how he ignores you.
And you cannot imagine how lucky you are not to have Bob notice you because his slack has
to come from somewhere now, doesn't it?
Nonetheless, friends, and it is because of that, because of that very reason that we
know that those dots, well, in the case of high contrast dots, those lines and those
shapes that form that face, that is what it is all about.
Oh, you can purty it up and you can say, oh, I read the book of the subgenius.
There are some very thoughtful things about slack.
Oh, yes, some of that stuff about the conspiracy, that's always been true of the human condition
is not poignant.
But that is all just a bunch of fluffery and rigmarole.
It's like the accessory kit that goes with Barbie.
But it's not the accessory.
It's the accessories that you care to.
But the important thing is Barbie, who happens to be based on Bob's daughter, Barbie Dobbs.
But it is the fat man Bob is all that counts and not even the man Bob.
Not even the concept of freedom and slack represented by Bob.
Just that face.
That is all you need.
If you can look at that face and know instantly how cool it is.
And that's what every one of you needs.
And that's what you did.
That's why you're here.
You saw that face and you went, yeah, I get it.
Because I understand there's nothing to get.
There's just Bob.
What else do you need?
Do you really need to make excuses and look intelligent?
No, I'm afraid this is not the religion where we impress others by looking intelligent.
No, sir.
This is the religion where we impress others.
No, sir.
This is the religion where we impress others by looking at Bob.
By being lucky enough to appreciate slack.
To know what we might be missing.
The poor normal doesn't even, that never even occurs to them.
Oh, they could pretend that they are going to bottle and sell some form of slack each year.
But no, there is no, you already have the slack.
We've been over this a million times.
Again, that's all just intellectual frippery.
You look at that, Dobbs, you get a bit of a little boner.
Maybe a mental boner.
Especially in the case of the ladies.
But you know, you get a tingling down there and up here.
That's the thing.
It happens in both places at the same time.
All over your body.
Like a hit of nicotine.
After you've been with Bob for a while, you just don't feel right unless you've got some Bob every now and then.
You've just got to see that head now and then.
And every now and then you have to pour yourself into seeing that head.
Just see nothing but that head.
What else do you need?
Well, food.
Health.
Shitting.
Actually, shitting is much more important than sex.
See how long you can go without sex.
And then see how long you can go without shitting.
Your back not hurting is the more rationalized...
There's nothing to be ashamed of when you pee or shit.
I tried to quit peeing.
I'm not ashamed to say I couldn't do it.
I just had that need.
I just couldn't.
It overcomes me.
But really, what's the most important things in life?
Money is only number eight or nine on the list.
Sex is not even in the top ten anymore.
Bob is not even in the top ten.
Because what you really need, number one, is you've got to remember to breathe.
You've got to remember to drink water.
That will be followed by peeing.
You will eat or die.
And that will be...
And shitting it better follow.
And that better be pretty soon in my case.
And...
What's up?
Your back not hurting.
Well, I can't remember the next five most important things in life.
Oh, your back not hurting.
Yeah, and frop.
Frop is in there.
Money is in the top ten.
It comes right after frop.
Now, by frop, of course, we don't mean...
Your street drugs, your marijuana, your cigarettes, your liquor, your pornography, your MTV.
Actually, if you have any extra of those things, we would love to have them.
Because, as G. Gordon Gordon said, false slack is better than no slack at all.
But, as Reverend Carter LeBlanc added so wisely, false slack is no slack.
No slack at all.
The conspiracy can give you infinite amounts of false slack.
And you can still have no slack at all.
Just ask Jimi Hendrix.
Ask Janis Joplin.
Ask John Lennon.
Ask anybody whose name starts with a J.
And you'll find friends.
Howard Hughes.
Those guys all...
Well, actually, Hughes and Elvis escaped.
Bob helped them.
Took their riches and their fame away.
And they're happy now in some South American country.
And I shouldn't say any more than that.
But because I'm really stalling anyway.
That's all this life is.
We're just stalling until we meet Bob.
Some people get impatient.
They go, well, my life sucks so bad I'm going to kill myself.
And I imagine that at some point or another, almost all of us have said, oh, man, I can't pay this bill.
I'll just kill myself and then the electric company will be sorry.
Well, friends...
And then there's other people.
Phineas Narco mentioned this.
It's so sad.
He goes, there's people who are so depressed that they go, I'd kill myself but I'm afraid it would kill my mom.
So then they wish their mom would die.
And then they feel guilty about wishing their mom would die and want to kill themselves.
Well, friends, if you're thinking, oh, I want to kill myself but I can't because Bob would just die.
Don't you worry about Bob.
He does not care whether or not you kill yourself.
He only cares about your slack.
And here's the thing.
Your Bob or God are going to get you anyway.
They're professionals.
By definition, you're an amateur at suicide.
Everybody is an amateur at suicide.
There are no professionals except for Bob and God.
So, friends, don't do it yourself.
Let Bob do it for you.
It's the same thing we say about terrorism and murder upon our own.

Our enemies, the pinks and normals and humans.
The exes are going to do it.
Are you going to show how faithless you are?
You thought it was all just a joke.
Like, for instance, our former members in Washington, D.C., known as the Beltway Snipers.
They took that a little bit too literally because they did not have faith in Bob.
They didn't have faith that the exes would come and wipe clean and scour clean this benighted, this German planet.
On which the virus known as the human race acts like a cancer on all the other wonderful life forms such as poison ivy and rattlesnakes.
Friends, there's...
Sure, the world's going to end sooner or later no matter what.
For everybody, except the heat vent worms, those cracks, volcanic cracks seven miles down in the depths of the ocean.
There are mindless, spineless, nerveless creatures.
There are mindless, spineless, nerveless creatures.
They are yet alive and they live on poison.
There's no oxygen.
They live on what could kill every other life form.
Friends, they will be Bob's last customers.
And because they will be able to buy from Bob when everything else is gone.
Because of that, friends, there is hope.
Someday the kingdom of the heat vent worm men and women will come.
And there will be perfect, perfect slack.
Sure, it may be more millions of years from now than we can even imagine.


But so what if Bob keeps selling?
If Bob's pipe keeps burning?
That's all we need. That's all we care about.
That's all we need to know.
That's all you need to know.
Thank you very much, my friends.
Praise fucking God damn Bob!
And praise damn God Bob!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Woo!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
I've been staying, ladies and gentlemen.
I've been staying.
I've been staying.
It's available for weddings, funerals, bars, and bat mitzvahs.
Supermarket side.
Supermarket openings.
And it's available as an entertainer at children's parties.
Baba Pink Sheep, see how they run.
Baba Pink Sheep, see how they run.
Time's coming.
Time is running out.
Time is running out.
Time is running out.
Little Bobby Baker.
He won't be giving you any more wedgies.
Little Suzy Shannon.
Won't have to worry about her for another day.
And Jimmy.
Well, Jimmy Burnin smells great!
Baba Pink Sheep, see how they run.
Baba Pink Sheep, see how they run.
Baba Pink Sheep, see how they run.
What about Sharon Tucker?
What about Sharon Tucker?
That no good fucker.
That no good fucker.
She still owes you 400 bucks!

She still owes you 400 bucks!
She still owes you 400 bucks!
But in just a short
period of time.
400 bucks won't make a fuck!
Baba Pink Sheep,
See how they burn.
Baba Pink Sheep,
See how they earn.
We are in charge now
We are in charge now
The losers are now the winners
What was finished is just beginning
Baa Baa Pink Sheep
See how they run
Baa Baa Pink Sheep
See how they run
The tables have turned
vengeance shall be yours.
I get so excited thinking of their tortured screams.
It kind of makes me want to cream my jeans.
And there's something about the smell of burning pink.
It sort of makes it feel like the Amazon is right between your lips.
The ultimate sex heart.
7 a.m.
You will be ruptured.
7 a.m.
The final call.
7 a.m.
You will be ruptured.
Team up across.
Up a pink sheet.
See how they run.
Up a pink sheet.
See how they run.
Up a pink sheet.
See how they burn.
Up a pink sheet.
Hey, what's that smell?
.
.
.
.
.








.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
Thank you.
