Okay kids, the car is packed. Now go and get your father and we'll look at some more in your house.
Huh. Funny light tonight.
Look at my shadow.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius power of SWAT.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
Now, let me introduce your tutors.
Reverend Arvin Stang.
Yes.
She's also been to Nicaragua.
By the way, she may also speak Spanish.
Oh, that's right, dear friends. We're back again with everything all changed around and...
Still my shadow, but...
I know.
That's the whole problem, you see.
But we're going to have a special subject for the show tonight.
For some of you people who haven't been up on your subgenius terminology lately,
we're going to investigate the subject of doctors.
Doctors. That's a rank in the Church of the Subgenius.
Yes, there's doctors out there, all right.
Doctors.
Yeah, I could...
I don't...
Well, it can...
No one can defeat me.
I can't define the doctor syndrome.
It can only be illustrated by example.
Yes.
And be glad you can't see this show right now, except on Channel X.
Uh...
We're having enough trouble as it is.
It has been a fun Easter, friends.
The, uh...
You know, last year the Easter pterodactyl brought the little eggs for my kids out in Glen Rose.
And this year, unfortunately, it wasn't quite so easy.
It was the Easter vomit ultrasaurus.
Huge eggs, huge eggs.
But, ugh, I mean, you can hear them in the background, just how bad it was.
So, Dallas viewers, may call the number on your screen, 823-7490, for information.
Uh, for disinformation, just keep listening.
And, uh, thank you.
So far, so far here...
We're trying to march all the slack squads back to their barracks now.
And they're a little bit hard to deactivate.
They get belligerent late at night.
But, uh, they seem to be able to make it back to the barracks here.
Look, they've started now.
This is what we call the, uh, monster beach party.
Hey, well, so welcome to the subgenius beach party.
Yes, last week it was in Houston on KPFA.
You'll never know where the subgenius beach party is.
And don't you wish you did.
Oh, dear, that ding.
Well, Dr. Hal, is there any way you can fight through the sound effects and tell us about the...
the relationship between the demopods and the...
Well, the demopods and the myriapods, uh, got together at the early...
No, demopods and us-a-pods.
Oh, the demopods.
It says right here on the script we're supposed to...
I didn't understand that.
I thought you meant this script right here, the one with the red lines on the cover.
Listen, never read anything with red dots.
I never believe anything with red dots.
It says read addresses that people don't like on the show.
God, I'm coming in from all sides.
Too many buttons to push, too many tape recorders to watch.
Mobius, right, it's a dangerous survey.
I don't give a damn.
Dead center.
Yes, liberty right.
I get it.
I understand things that frighten me, that don't make any sense.
Now let's get out of my brain.
I am a subgenius, and by that virtue I am in touch with forces greater than man.
I dare you to kill me.
I am not a dupe of the conspiracy.
I know more than they do.
I am a subgenius.
That's all I need to be.
I'm one of the good guys.
I shall prevail.
Let out the crazy man inside you.
He knows what's what.
Smile when you call me a fanatic.
Me, primate.
Me, open man.
I say to the pigs, give me your money.
You won't need it.
The future is mine.
I will not offer you not but destruction.
What do they believe in?
Everything.
Who do they believe in?
A mysterious character named Bob.
His name is Bob.
Bob.
His character name is Bob.
Bob is what will bring slack to planet Earth.
And to you, young man.
And to you, if you will send a dollar.
If you send a dollar.
Who do they believe in?
A mysterious character named Bob.
Bob is the gun and you are the bullet.
The showdown is fast approaching.
The church is still unknown but its infectious doctrines spread across continents.
Church headquarters, the first megaphis temple lodge, is housed in this dungeon.



The church is a palace skyscraper from which Dob's secret mandates are issued to his agents in the dreaded brotherhood of Bob.
But this mighty edifice represents but the tip of a wandering rogue iceberg.
The words, hymns and sound effects of Dob's are disseminated on a weekly basis to thousands of devout radio listeners in most major cities.
Even as far away as China and darkest Africa.
This show is so popular that we're studying it from all angles.
You can even watch this show on Channel X.
As Hal plays the microphone and flies backwards around the other side of the planet.
The subgeniuses in China have to listen on shortwave radios.
You'll notice we've switched to spewage music for the background for this segment of the show.
As the psychic surgery is performed, Bob's sweaty brow is wiped by a small nuclear explosion.
Oof. All better now.
And here comes the reveal.
Oh! Hello!
You're improving Jacky. Just can't seem to get rid of that streak of honesty in you.
He gave you a vision of moral order in the universe, and there isn't any.
Those stars twinkle in a void, dear boy.
And the two-legged creature schemes and dreams beneath them, all in vain.
All in vain.
All in vain, Jack.
You hear anything?
Listen to me!
Two-legged creature won't believe anything.
And the more preposterous, the better.
Whales speak French at the bottom of the sea.
The horses of Arabia have silver wings.
Pygmies mate with elephants in darkest Africa.
I have sold all those propositions.
And they were all fools and none of it matters.
Ah!
For whatever reason you refuse to feel this space we're in,
to know its insanity, really know it.
Whatever your particular anesthetic is
that you hold onto so desperately,
the thing, I mean, that makes you think you know who you are,
whatever that thing is you allow to keep you sane,
your ace in the hole,
the psyche that keeps you from trying to guess
at what your pimp has in store,
whatever keeps you from screaming out at this very moment
in absolute and sheer horror,
whatever that is, whatever that is,
it's a lie.
It's a lie.
Give reality your brain, you fantasized son of Walt Disney.
It's a lie.
An old off-the-street pimp's con game.
The magic for turning human blood into U.S. steel.
The thing that seduces you into being satisfied.
At pointing to the last tiny patch of flesh
you have on your bones as proof of your humanity.
And keeps you satisfied thinking yourself human
because you live a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of a life.
I know you.
Because you live here in his space as I do,
are his image and play his game on each other,
thinking it's your own.
I know you.
You can't live in an insane asylum
playing insane game with a madman
and be objective, brother.
Hope?
At least prostitutes get paid.
Yes, while you pin your hopes, your sanity,
and most of all your individuality
on that rickety old con game, a web of words.
While the master pimp helps you paint
your individual death wish in your head,
feel who you are.
Feel for a split second
the obscenity of who you've got to be.
Really.
In actions, I mean.
Defined by, ordered up for,
and delivered to your jobs on Monday morning.
The greatest eight hours you'll spend in your entire life, ho.
Is a colored television really worth that?
In this filth, this insidious insanity,
this nightmare of deception and hypocrisy,
in this United States of America,
careful not to awaken from sleeping,
we, you and I,
wander around through a sea of our own rotten bodies
in this pimp whores game.
You pretending it's everything else.
In this sewer in which no one can escape playing,
it's normal for brothers to pimp sisters and wives
because their fathers pimped them.
Or for television stations to pimp their audiences
for perverted sponsors who whore for their own commercials.
And until the authorities catch on,
even common normals can purchase
the word of Bob itself in condensed form,
the legendary Book of the Subgenius,
available in bookstores everywhere.
But the only certain way to receive the Dobbs teachings
in uncut form is to tithe directly to the church.
Do you really think you freed yourself
of America's special, insidious,
insidiousness of being inside you?
No, brother, America's a condition.
One thing is for sure,
a sheep is not a creature of the air.
But at the same time, we will be intent on searching out
the truth of all evidentiary components
which ostensibly have posed a threat
to our constitutional processes,
in particular, our concept of freedom
and our electoral process.
Good, good, because I was making, uh,
just only one and a half.
Well, as a member of the stock exchange,
I would suck their brains out with a straw.
The easiest way is to write a postal card
and ask them to mail you all their leaflets.
They'll put you on and forever you'll have everything.
Even after it's over with, you'll still get it.
They're very happy to do so.
You will be ordained as a card character
and a burying minister,
and receive the huge official magazine
of churchly news and doctrine,
The Stark Fist of Removal.
I'd just like to say a few words
about The Stark Fist of Removal.
This is the official newsletter of the church.
It's got all kinds of great stuff in it.
It's got proof of Bob.
It's got a picture of Bob with Ronald Reagan in there.
It's got all important instructions to the subgenius.
Illiterates can purchase their choice
of dozens of inspirational cassette tapes.
And there's even a line of casual subgenius wear
to fit every size or budget.
I'd sprit their nostrils open with a bowtook.
That's not a very good answer.
You're heightening my concern rather than lessening it.
It's embarrassing.
It's moist.
It's moist. It drips.
It squirts.
It's liquid warmth
emitting from your body.
It dribbles.
It spits.
It's nasty.
But yet it's beautiful in its own wet, slimy,
squirting and embarrassing way.
He did it the subgenius way too.
He had already gotten a short duration marriage.
That's right.
From Pastor Naked and official ones.
He already had the paperwork.
He had already gotten the paperwork.



He did have the paperwork.
He would have sanctified couplings, friends,
for the last few years.
But their short duration marriage ran out.
And rather than send Buck any more money,
they went to Las Vegas and had one of those parlor chapel,
as Norm just told me they're called,
a parlor chapel wedding.
Marriage parlor.
And when he left the chapel,
this acolyte came running in.
You know, it was one of those ten minute ceremonies.
This guy actually had the gall to come running out going,
Sir, there's supposed to be a $25 tip, quote, tip, unquote,
to which Pope Sterno threw down a dollar and said,
Sir, kill me.
That's right.
But we should say congratulations to Pope Sterno
and his faithful Ubermatrix, that is to say, Miss Dottie.
That's right.
And they're creating more little yetis, friends.
Yes, sir.
They are further contaminating the gene pool.
Sterno's father, the way he became a subgenius was his father
was one of the guys who had to stand on the Nevada desert
and face nuclear tests from about half a mile away
That's right.
wearing only goggles and a lead-shielded jockstrap.
Mm-hmm.
Duck and cover, baby.
You betcha.
But they weren't allowed to in those days,
and the result is thousands of subgenius children
of those selfless servicemen who gave their genetic structure for...

...gave their genes for...
...for nuclear dominance.
There you go.
And every bit will be appreciated.
Let me put it this way.
If I were you, I'd give me all your money.
All right, here's the money now being shoveled into the giant money elevator
and we're pressing the money into a small pellet
which will keep us warm until 6 a.m.
If we want to eradicate...
...the world three times...
If we want to eradicate the very concept of money,
it's going to take money and tons of it.
But money is to burn.
Here come tons of money now.
So we're asking...
And we can start with yours.
Okay.
Mr. Listener.
All the listeners now are putting their money in a big pile.
If we can take all the money and burn it,
then we can start a free anarchist society.
But we've got to have all the money first.
We're the only people who can take the responsibility for this project.
Yes, air and liquid both emit from this new type of tool
called...
...the
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
So the confused initiate was led to Dockstock, Dobstown itself,
Dobstown, Malaysia, where he was shocked to discover
the most primitive possible living condition.
Earth was inhabited by a species from another dimension.
With certain chants from the book, sacrifices,
this race, the old ones, can be brought back.
And mankind?
Destroyed.
Destroyed.
In the vast continuity of school park,
there seemed to be evil within.
There were people there with sensible heels,
and there were children there with no wounds of distinction.
There were children there with no wounds of distinction.
There were children there with no wounds of distinction.
There were women there who were thought of as virtuous,
but they contained the blood of the ruling class of Suopat.
I said men cried, babies died.
Men

Children fell,
Men sighed,
Days of pain jedi
Babies cried,
men died,
Children fell,
Women suffered.
People want to go home.



Between tenants and victims, they wanted to escape.
Yeah, they just wanted to escape.
He should know about it.
He should know about it.
He should know about sewer parks.
And the winter solstice.
I said, men cry.
Babies die.
Children fail.
People were hurt.
They die.
They die.
Funkin' away, fans.
Oh, yes.
People's Temple.
I'd say there's about four months before fun.
Before there's a delightful smell in the universe of charcoaled mankind.
You really mean four months?
According to the temperature rises in the last few weeks, yes.
So that's the message, is it?
About another 300 deadlines.
Is that what we say in tomorrow's paper?
Tomorrow we report the news, the facts.
We leave prophecy to the street corner cranks.
Some purchase thousands of Bob's handy pamphlets
with which to recruit the worthy and to perplex the normals.
To fill their minds with questions.
Questions that only Bob can answer.
Through his chosen apostles, his fishers of wallets.
And what is money?
Merely another tool of the conspiracy.
Except when it gains power by passing from your pocket to Bob's.
I believe in Bob.
And if you have a problem with your cash flow,
it's because your cash is not flowing towards Bob.
This is the first industrial church.
We're not a tax write-off scam.
We're...
We are an incorporated profit-making foundation.
Uh, if there is such a thing.
We're profits and we want profits.
Children, you've got to come back to the old American way.
Yes?
You've got to come back to quality goods.
For your dollar, a righteous purchase.
And let me ask you something, children.
How many of you have been tithing unto Bob?
That which is truly Bob's?
Tell me that, children.
How many of you have been giving 10% of your worth of goods to Bob?
I don't care who you are or where you come from.
If you haven't sent your $20 in to Bob, you're gonna burn.
Mother Teresa, I don't care how many people she's helped,
if she hadn't sent her $20 in to jail, Bob Dodge is gonna burn in hell.
And Bob offers a guarantee that can't be beaten.
Eternal salvation.
Or triple your money back.
Bob will protect you.
Bob is protecting the genetic future.
Let him. Let him into your life.
Let Bob protect you. He wants to protect you.
He must protect you. He has to protect you.
Jehovah One says Bob will protect you.
If you send a dollar to Bob.
My baby! My baby!
My baby! My baby!
My baby! My baby !
My baby! My baby!
My baby! My baby!
My baby! My baby!
My baby! My baby!
My baby! My baby!
My baby! My baby!
My baby! My baby!
My baby, my baby!
My baby, my baby!
It's not the same thing anymore.
Famous Doug.
That's another place, friends.
Yes, it's not the same thing anymore.
Where you can get those prairie squid drinks.
You can actually get prairie squid drinks.
Yeah, they put them in a blender.
They put them in a blender with protein powder
and just turn them into a really thick,
it's kind of like a daiquiri in texture.
But it's not the real prairie squid, though.
It's the flash frozen stuff.
I mean, nobody does it with a live prairie squid.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Well, dear friends,
it's time for a moment of serenity and melody.
Yes, if you'll turn to page five in your program,
I'm going to lead you in the hymn,
which we call Bob is My Story.
This is a hymn which is usually performed
in moments of extreme stress,
and such I judge this to be.
It's very easy, and you can support me
on the second verse and the chorus if you choose.
So we'll sing Bob is My Story.
Page five.
I saw a man with a pipe and a grin
All in the new morning light
Smiling at me like a madman to he
Made me a person to love me.
I told him don't bother me anymore
But he kept on just the same
Till I was totally brainwashed
Bob is his name
This is the chorus.
He is my story
Bob is my song
Bob, my amphetamine
All the day long
I won't tear my poster of dogs down
I'll feel no sadness or shame
Till I rejoin him in Dogstown
Bob is his name
He has no lack of his patented slack
For those of his following foe
He is the friend of whoever will send
Greenbacks or blacks

He's growing stronger and stronger
But he keeps redder than flame
I'll be a pink boy no longer
Bob is his name
Bob is my story
Bob is your story, friend.
And Bob is your fame.
Bob is the glands that keep you feeling the way you do.
Keep your squid juices pumping.
As they say.
Bob! Stop!
How many more times do we have to listen?
How many more times do we have to hear the worst song ever?
This band is terrible tonight
They just want to fall asleep
Yeah, the audience is going to be like
Bob's is going in every different direction possible
They're sick of them
They're sick of the Cafe Depresso
Yeah, they're sick of everything here
They only know three chords
But you're only gonna see them play one
I'm so tired of these guys
This band's bad
It's no surprise!
I wish they'd just pack it up and go away
Well, how many times do we have to play this same song over and over and over again?
Well, how many times do we have to play these same four notes over and over again?
When I came down to this nightclub
I thought things would be a little bit different
But it's just the same old band
In the same stupid shirts
In the same stupid bleeding head
Who think they could do something new after all these years
But they just play that same song
They just play that song all night long
And it just goes there and goes
Well, how many more times do we have to play this same song over and over again?
Beats party, beats party
Subjectives sick of Bob
Beats party, beats party
Well, it's one chord up, one chord down
Won't that music get me down?
I played in this band for ten hours or so
I ain't seen my check
Where's my check?
Where's my check?
Oh, where's my check?
Beats party, beats party
Well, how many times do we have to ask for this same check over and over again?
Beats party, beats party
Well, how many times do we have to play the worst song in the whole world?
Over and over and over and over and over and
Over and over again
Knives in the blood
And made one ready for a little of the old out-in, out-in
Leave it in when you're finished
Yes, this is what we do
Monks we are, monks of Buldada
And though they will not let the grass thrive here
Nor the trees
Buldada shall live
Because Buldada, having never been alive, cannot be killed
So in this paradox we find a pure and simple answer
an answer to the question of what to do tonight.
Friday night?
Ah, yes.
It's Friday.
Yes, you can start sinning now, brother.
You can sin from now till Sunday morning.
You've got a good 48 hours of solid sinning in front of you.
And by God's end, after it's all over with,
you can sit there with a hangover in church and have it all washed away.
Washed away in the blood.
The blood of the lambs.
And the blood of the wolves, for that matter.
For is not the lamb of Jesus now being eaten by a black wolf?
An evil wolf?
A wolf of conspiracy.
Conspiracy, my friend.
A wolf that would take the good jokes of Jesus,
the sublime teachings of Buddha,
the...
the...
the small business parables of Dobbs,
and twist them,
distort them,
for their own aims.
Yes, that's the way it is now.
It's true.
There's no corpse there.
And lo, many...
elephants and rhinoceros came to destroy their huts and villages,
and to step on their albums.
And lo, the Lord was angry that they did not give their money to...
and great wrath and panic and broken guitar strings don't follow in...
Look at it when you take a break from listening.
But for now...
What is a rant?
A rant's a revival.
And a rant is part of a revival.
A rhyme is part of a revival as an atom is part of a molecule.
Yes.
It's when...
when...
when the person gets on stage and lets Bob speak through it,
and just cuts loose,
it's the...
the...
the living tongue acting on...
Exactly.
It's the undirected energy of Bob spewing forth through the human carcass.
We need a few of the initiates, please, to squat in the dirt and let us have their chairs.
Will someone help move the bodies of those stunned by the music back to the back by the beer?
The pile is out.


Out front.
No, back.
Excuse me.
And for everyone...
For everyone that dies tonight...
We're throwing them in all directions.
...their body is worth approximately $12 and it's falling fast.
Everyone that dies tonight is thrown on a cremation pile.
Every subgenius that is carrying his car gets a cut of that $12.
We need the glands for those experiments.
And we're talking about the foot glands.
We need the glands.
The most important one in your body next to you-know-what.
And yet, nothing could still the ranting tongues of the high priests of the subgenius.
Yeah.
No lack of material, no complete embarrassment could stop their ever-flapping, petulantly vibrating, ranting tongues from continuing... continuously speaking the word of Dobbs.
Even though no one was listening, even though their drugs had not kicked in...
Voices in the darkness.
...even though their brains had finally completely left them...
Even though their tapes had run out and had to be flipped in order to continue the lessons in...
Just how doctors for Bob...
Orphic... not your physician for Robert, none of that fancy stuff.
Just your straight doctors for Bob.
How they use anti-music to surgically change what was previously in your brain.
Oh, there went some of it.
Thank you.
He's trying to donate his...
He donated the sperm bank, but they wouldn't let us. Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
There's people here, there's people here who, you know, can't donate to the sperm bank because they're underweight. Okay?
That's alright, let us just have just a few cells from underneath your skin so we can begin the cloning experiments.
Let us just have a chocolate.
I would like to clone that young lady in the front row because I know in about 14 years she'd be so cute!
We'd bring them up behind the Dobbs' channel.
Yeah, and just, you know, think you'd have a companion.
If you're gonna be exposed to radiation, let us just have a...
Let's go all the way, you know. If you're gonna do it, then just sit in front of a colored TV with your legs widespread watching Mr. T cartoons, and you can have a boy just like Janer!
Yeah, that's right.
It's in my eyes! It's in my eyes!
Make the tires fall off your car, I'm sorry Bob!
Janer's parents live next to the largest industrial waste dump.
It's a Janer device in the entire county.
Janer device?
Adam hooked up to a Janer device.
Janer, the perfect prince of the church speaks.
Some genius cheap humor. Some genius cheap humor.
I wasn't gonna drink today, but...
Well, since I already had this damn case, I guess I might as well do something with it.
And, well, I could take it back, but, well, they usually don't like you to do that.
And, well, I wouldn't want the grocery store to get mad at me.
I've, you know, I've been trying to win their bingo game, and, you know, if I take a bunch of cans back, well, they don't like that kind of thing.
And, you know, I could, well, I could probably just pour all the beer out of it.
But, well, that'd probably kill my grass, and I don't want to do that.
And I could trade it in for the aluminum, but it wouldn't be really worth the price of the gas driving down to the aluminum recycling plant.
It'd probably be worth, you know, it...
Yeah, that's what it is. I could take them in for the aluminum, you know, because if I drank them, well, they'd probably be worth more if they were just the aluminum.
No one, no recycling plant's gonna buy aluminum with beer.
I mean, I've got beer in it, so I probably would have to drink it.
And, well, it, you know, helps wash down my food.
And it's probably, you know, if I, you know, didn't drink any today, well, five more days from now, it'd be Sunday, and I might want some and wouldn't be able to drink any.
So at least I could say, well, hell, I got blowed off my ass last Monday.
And, you know, well, these pop-tops, well, some little kid could step on them or, you know, even though they are still full of beers.
And, you know, well, these pop-tops, well, some little kid could step on them or, you know, even though they are still full of beers.
And, well, yeah, they are in my refrigerator.
But, you know, by some twist of the imagination, this little boy's foot could conceivably, I'm not saying that it's impossible, but it could probably come into my refrigerator.
And he could, you know, cut his foot open.
And, well, if he sued me or something like that, the hospital bill would be far greater than this beer is probably even worth if he did step on it.
And, well, that's, you know, so if I would go to the hospital, I'd be able to pay for it.
And, well, I'd be able to drink it and properly take care of the beer cap, the beer can tops.
And that'd be one less thing, one less thing on my mind that I wouldn't have to worry about.
And if I did get drunk, well, I probably wouldn't have to worry about it anyway, even though the fact that the beer can tops might be in, say, a trash can along with a beer can.
Oh, yeah, but, yeah, I was going to send them, take them to the recycling plant so I could get the money for them.
That was another reason.
And, well, you know, he's, he's, they went to all the trouble to paint the red, white, and blue Budweiser label on here.
And, well, I'd hate to, you know, I like to support the arts.
I'm a patron of the arts.
I'd like to, you know, support them.
Did you hear what he was saying?
Did you hear what he was saying?
I don't like that last sound.
The Lord is my God.

I'm a shepherd.
No, that won't do.
All right, close your eyes, please.
And repeat this prayer after me, right out loud.
Like this.
Ink, ink, ink, ink.
Ang, ang, ang, ang, ang.
Eve, meat, concrete, eel.
What makes us do this?
I don't know.
He tells me.
He never stopped.
I hear it's red and blue.
Give me a box full of them just like you.
I don't know what's going on.
He never stopped.
Well, soon in this song.
He never stopped.
Two days later, it's still going strong.
He never stopped.
I don't know what's going on.
He never stopped.
He never stopped.
He never stopped.
He never stopped.
He never stopped.
He never stopped.
He never stopped.
He never stopped.
He never stopped.
He never stopped.
He never stopped.
And then because we are Christians or Americans or something, I don't know just why, we began
to get conscience pains.
And we began to hear people say, well, don't just do something.
Stand there.
No.
We're ready for a TV.
He's got a rod that's about to put out.

We collapse into a grove when it gets cold.
Good Lord
Went to the doctor.
Let ago.
Let it go, Bob.
And I predicted our local American doctors will go on strike and be replaced by African
witch doctors.
Doctors for Bob.
Endocrinologists for Bob.
Farmers for Bob.
Gynecologists for Bob.
Kari Krishna's for Bob.
Illustrators for Bob.
Jailers for Bob.
Kidnappers for Bob.
Lawyers for Bob.
Mothers for Bob.
Neurologists for Bob.
The cancer pussies alive, they were in good condition.
We fed them once a week.
I didn't see why they had anything to complain about.
We had the neighbors look in on them while we were gone.
We didn't whip them hard.
We didn't kill them very hard.
I didn't see why they had any reason to sue them.
How was I supposed to know one of them was going to run into the fan?
We didn't cut her legs off hard.
We didn't cut her legs off hard.
We only cut off two of her legs.
She didn't really have any reason to sue.
When we ran over her face, it was with old tires.
I really didn't think she had any reason to sue with it.
It was a Volkswagen.
If we had run over her with a heavy car, I can understand why she had sued for that.
Just for throwing her into the acid pit.
Duel only took two livers, is what I heard.
He only took two.
He only took two.
He only took three kidneys.
I mean, I don't see how the Subgenius Foundation is responsible.
I mean, if these people want to hypnotize us into cutting their brains out with chainsaws, I mean...
Beach party, beach party, it never stops.
I'm tired of this nightclub.
This band is so bad.
Why do I have to pay five dollars every night to stay raw?
Beach party will destroy.
Well, how many times do we have to play this worst song over and over and over?
The biggest beach party.
Over again.
The biggest beach party.
Yes, it's Subgenius Bootcamp.
Drinking coffee and staying awake.
Stand up there.
Here, stand out in the rain and keep your weight.
Here, have some old Bob Cologne.
If you call yourself a subgenius coming to drill with a beard, that's two demerits.
All right, Mr. Hughes.
Okay, boy.
Three more demerits and I'll get that new baseball glove.
Look at the knees of your uniform pants.
That's disgusting.
I'm docking you five more demerits, Mr. Hughes.
Oh, gosh, gosh, get a new car.
What are you smiling about?
Order me that six more demerits.
And this shall be until the twins come,
for Nietzsche's only half of the split gods,
the ex-god, which is Loki,
and Nietzsche, which is the eunuch of the gods,
and the trickster.
He is my true son and finger.
We will split until then,
and we shall come back home and show the odds.
I'm going to have to go to bed.
I'm going to have to go to bed.
Don't just eat it.
Eat the hell out of it.
I'm going to have to go to bed.
I'm going to kill you guys on the island.
Not tonight, Wally.
A good deal is in the wallet of the beholder.
I'll tell you this.
Knowledge of birds,
patient of the millions,
not at the sun.
Extremism is the best thing.
I'm going to show you more than I can.
Through my discipline and my music and triumph.
I'll holler at your bride, Eve,
with the rhymes of the hymns.
And the world will say that this is unclean
and shall be moved to perdition.
The divine king will be killed in the closet
by his own crowns.
Darkness will fall.
The Philistines will reign.
If you ask us to,
the world is a space of human being
with every soul,
and our minds and our souls
shall be all stirred up together.
The emmits will be made to flash
and the high plains will be down.
And that's what I want to talk to you about.
The voice of the prophet shall be unseen
from the mouths of the innocent.
Do you even know what you're really thinking?
You think I know what you're thinking?
My head signs show to be another.
And this shall come in the source of all knowledge
which is likened to a book of the score.
It's all I've known relatively long.
And it's growing everywhere like a vine.
It shall receive the sacrament from the angels,
our bodies which preserve the rights of heaven.
It shall tell all our relatives
that we might well be right.
While the number of the stars in the hour is wide,
the time of the hour is less.
I can't forgive myself for telling you this,
especially when you don't know me.
You can't tell me.
I'm a part of the universe.
I'm not a part of the universe.
I'm not a part of the universe.
I'm not a part of the universe.
I'm not a part of the universe.
If you want to be known as an original,
you let it be,
and make sure you understand the right people.
The Google Hymn.
This is a hymn dedicated to the grinning,
giggling,
monkey guru.
Now, this is bliss consciousness.
Now, we have the roots of the tree.
This is the trunk of the tree.
These are the branches of the tree with the pretty leaves.
Now, in order to get bliss consciousness,
we must water the roots of the tree.
When the roots are watered,
the bliss rises up the trunk of the tree
into the branches of the tree.
When the roots are watered,
the tree rises up the trunk of the tree into the leaves.
When this happens, we have bliss consciousness.
Now, bliss consciousness is something that your mother will approve of.
Unlike sex and other said things,
this fits right on in with her.
She loves bliss consciousness.
Uh, pig.
Pig.
There is a happy land far, far away
Where little piggies grow
Three times a day
Oh, you should see them run
When they see the butcher come
Two cut slices off their bum
Three times a day
This is dedicated to peace consciousness.
Israel Regardie there, friends.
Doctors for me, doctors for you, doctors for me, doctors for the mind, doctors for the end of time.
Doctors for Wotan, doctors for Wotan, doctors for Wotan.
You have the student control.
Yes.
Your mind is no longer your own.
I have no mind.
My mind is not my mind.
Cast off the imperial brains of normalcy.
Because you want to, I do what I do, because Bob told me to.
You do what you do, because you want to.
I do what I do, because Bob told me to.
You do what you do, because you want to.
I do what I do, because Bob told me to.
I do what I do, because I want to.
Now that you've seen what you've seen,
will you be with us in the saucers on X-Day?
Or instead will you be left crawling through the glowing rubble, a doubter to the end?
In the sweet name of Bob, you must be saved, even if it kills you.
And of course, you know, it was after that they picked me up and they said, you're crazy.
You're crazy, Jimmy.
You've got to go in and relax and just settle down.
And they say, there's something wrong with the chemicals in your brain.
That's what they said.
I say, it ain't the chemicals, you understand?
It ain't the chemicals, it's the minerals.
It's true.
It's true.



The pills work.
Your boy is a genius.
Tensile.
Even though we're leaving the air at this time, you may still phone in any prayer request
you may have by calling 331-
Digital counter on the wall, Reverend Stain.
Yes.
And we're going to be going down.
We've got three minutes left.
Three minutes of slack time, friends.
And I could play some Burblin background noise or I could play the official sign-off tunes
and so forth, but-
We could just talk for another three minutes.
Easily.
Easily.
Easily, yeah.
We could talk for another three hours, friends.
Or three days, if that's what it takes to get you to write to that sacred post office box.
You've been hearing the learned old scholars of the Church of the Subgenius Society tonight.
That's right.
And learned we are in the dark knowledge and forbidden sciences
of time control, slack extraction.
And the arcane secrets of the prairie squid.
Friends, are you going to put up with what the gland owners are laying down on you?
I want you to either stand up or shut up, baby.
Praise Bob.
You've got to hip out to it or die trying not to.
Or just kill me.
.

.
.
.

What-
And think to yourself, there's no place like home.
There's no place like home-
All right.
We're pretty sure that he's a psychopath now.
How do we spot him?
Well, I hope he's wearing a Napoleon hat.
It's easy.
Otherwise they come in all sizes and shapes.
11 year old girls to 80 year old men.
They all look perfectly normal.
I keep telling y'all this is a sick and perverted nation.
All tired.
Nobody wants to listen to me.
Nobody wants to hear about Bob.
Nobody...
I try to tell everybody what's going on, they won't listen to me.
Well, to tell you the truth, I can't stand it anymore.
Hi everybody, I'm Andy Oakley and you're right on target for another session of the Gun Show.
It's the election year game that lets legislators from all over America say good things about guns
as they try to get votes and score a bullseye with our sharp shooting panel.
And who's tonight's first target?
Our first target tonight, Andy, is a state senator from Vermont.
Rockhead, New Hampshire, let's have a salvo of applause for Harry Bolt.
My fellow voters, nobody in this country admires firearms more than I do.
Every American ought to have four or five.
I've got a 12 gauge in the living room, a 2.38 in the den, 30.30 in my car,
and as you can see, I'm carrying a 4.2 inch mortar.
Now, put your hands up and don't try any funny business.
Whoopee! Hey, we got a great reaction from our panel on that one.
And who's our next contestant?
Andy, our next target from Milmauce, New Mexico, a congressman who's always been a fan of the show.
Also a minister of the First Church of Self-Defense.
Let's welcome Morris Mackley.
Fire away, Reverend Mackley.
Thank you.
I'd like to show you all a beautiful full-color picture of our Lord wearing a .357 Magnum and a hand-tooled holster.
And remember, guns are a gift from God.
Bullseye, Reverend Mackley.
You're going to be tough to beat this election year.
And let's get to our final contestant on the firing line.
From San Francisco, California, let's hear it for Congressman Willard Wendt.
Welcome, Willard. And what good things can you say about guns?
Well, I don't own a gun.
And I don't particularly like people who do own them.
Whoa!
Willard, that's our warning buzzer. You've got just ten seconds more to say something good about guns.
And remember, our panelists are all crack shots.
Well, I guess guns are all right in their place.
I'm not sure that's enough, Willard. You've got just five seconds more.
I think we ought to register firearms. That's... Whoa!
Hey, everybody!
Everybody's stocked!
That's some great shooting, panel!
And that's all we have time for on The Gun Show.
The Gun Show's been brought to you by Bang! Bothered Americans Needing Guns.
I'm your host, Andy Oakley.
We'll be back right before the Illinois primary.
And in the meantime, remember, a gun is like a good friend.
Treat it right, and it won't kill you.
Five dollars and...
We're into the...
...a good separate prayer partner and your personal friend.
In the next 13 minutes...
...or 14 minutes...
...something good, good, good is coming your way.
So don't leave this radio station. Let's have a good time together.
He's all I need.
He's all I need.
Ah, yeah.
Thank God I'm a man.
Remember, that's Bob at Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Yeah!
Skip around in a circle, skip around in a circle, and you'll fall down.
Yeah!
There we go!
I don't want this anger burning in me.
It's something for which it's so hard to be free.
Another two years of glory and sorrow away.
Making a difference, I've turned back the page.
I'm gonna be dead.
I'm gonna be dead.
I'm gonna be dead.
I'm gonna be dead.
That's when it's my day.
So stay tuned.
Don't forget to write Bobby for that free information.
Box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
Let it go, Bob.
I told you, I want to see Dr. Bold, I read Gypsy Doctor.
Wait a minute, is that Dr. Repeat, I read Gypsy Doctor.
Doctors saying, are you, in fact, a doctor for Bob?
I'm a healer, I'm a surgeon.
I've got knives, scalpels, gas, pills, anesthetics, and musical instruments.
I don't know how to play.
I am a doctor.
A doctor for Bob?
We bring him back to life and then we kill him again.
I went and seen myself a doctor.
And he gave me a great big bottle.
Don't take them, they'll kill you.
Throw the poison pills away, pile.
It's probably time for a little stimulation there, cadet.
So why not get up and move a little?
Comedy is comedy, but some rhythm tossed in can do anything but help.
Let it go, Bob.
Whoa, Bob.













They say the bigger the headache, the bigger the pill, baby.
Call me the big pill.
We're here to make up the 4K Jam with the Club Network Chicago, and I'd like to know,
Saint Sulak of the Hog Butchers of the West, are you a doctor for Bob?
I am.
This is beginning a new life for me.
As the Saint of the Hog Butchers of the West, as a new man, I'm free.
I'm free.
Yes, and are you a doctor for Bob?
Yes, I'm free.
I'm free.













The doctor has proved that I am free.
Only a doctor for Bob can be free.
And only for Bob.
I do what I do.
Because Bob told me to.
No, I don't believe the charges of brainwashing diabetics and ludicrous children like you.
Bob told me to.
You do what you do because you want to.
You don't use such techniques as brainwashing by, what, what I mean, brain surgery.
No, I don't use such things like brainwashing the most我們 пред会做.
But you, can you walk?
Two!
From the soles of my feet to the tippy-tips of my ears, I am a doctor for Bob.
And let me say that prior to this moment, I had the least ability to understand a doctor for Bob of any subgenius in the church.
But tonight, with our heart and soul in a nation experiment, seeing such a success,
I truly feel that I am for the first time a true doctor for Bob.
But Bobby's bigger than I.
Uh-oh, I think he's caught a doctor giving something for his cough.
All right, all right. Here's a quarter.
Oh, that's not much.
Not much of a cough.
Well, thanks, Douglas. I'll take over.
It's all right. You'll be yourself again in a minute.
I'm... I'm so sorry, everybody.
Now you just drink this.
Are you a doctor for Bob?
I don't feel well.
What's the matter with you?
Oh, I don't know. I was the doctor, and he told me what to do, but I didn't do it.
He said to take one pill three times a day, but you can't do that.
I think I'd rather die than do that.
Man, it's a gas.
I figure, you know,
some of those roaches, they put in the air,
they put out in grass,
and a glass of acid will put you on the moon in an hour.
But reality, that's where it's happening.
What?
What's the use of pretending?
I can't stand this anymore.
Doctor, please.
Please, doctor.
Chandler said you went over to Georgia Street to see that doctor.
Yeah, that's right, Ed. Short visit.
Poor guy. Pretty bad, huh?
Well, the guy's really a mess.
The beatin' it walked up to the epileptics and said,
Oh!
I don't hear the music,
but go, baby, go!
Here's my million dollars.
Bob's Beach Party.
One dollar.
Is that one dollar?
For hours.
Bob's Beach Party.
Subgenius Beach Party.
Is that all I gotta do?
Subgenius Beach Party.
Great combination, isn't it, Joe?
What's that?
An armful of narcotics and a loaded gun?
Let her go, Bob.
Boy, did we get high.
Yes, sirree.
We sure got relaxed.
A physician must determine if tendon repair is our need.
There it is.
The blood pressure is the worst for me.
The blood pressure is growing.
It's growing even now as you speak.
The blood pressure is the worst for me.
But if the chief ever caught you,
if he caught me taking these pills,
he'd snap my head off.
Here, try one of mine.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, the chief himself's been on these for a week,
and he's a changed man.
A favorite area for clairvoyance
has always been in the field of science and medicine.
What's your trouble, young man?
The Venusian gook rod, doctor.
Now, see here, young man, my time is valuable.
Doctor, this is a medical emergency.
I hope you like that nonsense.
I try to make the audience a part of the entertainment,
and they go along with it all just great.
That chatter with the doctor is no phony bit, really.
It's just the way it happens.
You'll have to make it in one night when you're down Florida way.
All right, nurse, bring the next patient in.
Get up on this table.
Pull off that gown.

Raise up that right leg.
Let that left one down.
Pull off them stockings, that silk underwear.
The doctor's got to cut you, mama, God knows where.
Internal, inner, non-existent, void particles.
You can send negro-influenced voice wave,
tap-shoe disc patterns.
You can send us cow vomit,
tooth broken,
11-year-old,
11-gated, elongated,
creation-oriented,
speared gum,
restaurant scars.
You can send us niki,
Don't look at me that way, Douglas.
You're mad.
Don't be frightened, Douglas.
You're about to see what service you require.
Give me Dr. Rowe!
