I am L-V-I-A-P-O-R-I-M-L-H-U-T
The ideal of being S-E-S-L-E-P-I-O-S-O-N-E-H-U-T
The maddening, maddening sounds will be of Reverend Ivan Stang.
So sit tight, I'm losing my mind.
I'm losing my mind tonight.
I'm losing my mind tonight.
Of Reverend Ivan Stang.
With some good advice.
Don't talk, listen.
We just take it all off.
Relax your nerve tonight.
We just take it all off.
Rerun time because we're getting ready for the big subgenius revival in Baltimore on November 15th.
And we're recuperating from spending ten days out of town bouncing my new grandson, the Stang Model Mark III, on our knees.
So we're slacking off and listening to our younger selves, our baby selves, in this unusually good oldie.
Featuring classic puzzling evidence with Glass Madness and the Broke Friend.
Michael Pepe's rant.
I'll add.
A big old mess of Brother Cleave and Iron Liver.
And our first lady radio preacher, Sister Chris from WFMU in New Jersey.
And much more, including some of the unfinished soundtrack for the subgenius video, Arise,
before we had added D.K. Jones' original music to Dr. Howe's narration.
Yes.
And we must remark on the passing of the great proto-subgenius, Rudy Ray Moore.
The king of party records and godfather of rap.
To whose character, Dolomite, we owe the cojones behind the brag of the subgenius.
Praise Rudy Ray Moore.
May he rest in slack.
But now let us return to the 21-year-old hour of slack from 1987 in Dallas, Texas.
And you're about to hear the hour of slack.
The subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
That was some pretty music and creative work played on that previous show.
And people who value that sort of thing, well, sorry to see it go.
The subgenius hour of slack.
Watch.
The subgenius hour of slack.
Watch.

Watch.
Watch.
Watch.
Watch.
Watch.

I send the angel of the Lord, I send right now power, the very glory of God into that
home.
I move back the foul spirits of opposition, the lying spirits, the binding spirits.
I speak authority to you in the name of Jesus Christ.
Don't ask any questions.


questions just do as I say, all right? We're pretty sure he's a psychopath. Now, how do we spot him?
Well, if he's wearing a Napoleon hat, it's easy. Otherwise, they come in all sizes and shapes.
11-year-old girls, 80-year-old men. Yeah, they all look perfectly normal. I keep telling you all,
well, this is a sick and perverted nation, all type. Nobody wants to listen to me.
Nobody wants to hear about Bob. I try to tell everybody what's going on,
they won't listen to me. Well, to tell you the truth, I can't stand it anymore, Bob.
Just do away with them all. I don't want them anymore. They're the only problem and illusion
in my mind after all.
They don't love you, Bob. They don't love you like I do.
Little realize, even by leading a scientist, there are really two races,
actually two distinct species of so-called human beings. If you gaze upon any given street,
normally you might never suspect that only some of these people are true humans.
Outside appearances offer no clue that they are.
But among this ordinary-looking crowd, on an ordinary day, a certain number of these people
are actually sub-geniuses. We would have to creep inside their heads to know whether this person
or that carries the rare sub-genius gene. But once inside, we will discover a vast new universe,
a new dimension, coexisting, not always apart, the alongside the mundane workday world.
Another world that until now has been forced into hiding. Now at this very moment, the veils
of secrecy can be torn aside. We, the persecuted, may now dare to raise our heads high and declare,
behold us, for we are the sub-geniuses.
Come on, Hal, say something really funny.
Down there. We dare you.
Hey, come on.
And puzzling, can you tell us exactly who is responsible for Ricky Nelson?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
You mean who did he buy the gram from that he was doing up there?
I can't believe it.
Come on, who did he buy it from?
Those guys.
We know everybody, right?
Lighting up in the back of an old DC-3.
Yeah, you just know you don't do that.
I mean, we're talking smart.
Too much of that show starter.
Aluminum, magnesium, air fuel. What else do you want?
Oh, here, light that bowl.
Foof!
Another one by the dust.
I really can't believe it myself. Well, I've got to go out and light some dust here.
Another one by the dust.
Don't light up in the back of a DC-3.
Don't light up in the back of a DC-3.
Don't light up at all.
Oh, there, we cleared that out.
Nope, it's back.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Now, wasn't that easy and wasn't that fun?
But listen to what's the fun, don't leave it done.
Whatever you do, be full of peace and happiness, man.
Be happy with the complicity of nature and the class.
Time against humanity.
Be part of, you know, it, them, us.
Yeah.
Hey, who's got another candle, man?
I do, man. Be peaceful.
Pass the tarot cards, I'm getting sleepy.
Us.
What you gonna do?
Where you gonna go?
Who are we?
We're the money people.
The people who take your money.
The people who take your money.

No more money, Hasling.
But what about little Dicky, you say?
What's little Dicky gonna do when you're working late and Wilma's minding the fort and Sis is in and out?
Put away those straps and buckles.
Dicky's safe with us.
He's even learning to speak again, our way.
Best of all, he's safe with the people who know what it is you want from a world.
Simplicity.
Relax.
Liability.
A world you can go to without worrying about whether your money is safe.
You know, when we first got into this business, we didn't know much more than you.
Like you, we thought there was a world out there.
A world of value.
A world that needed meaning.
Beauty.
Love.
A world that needed a better product.
A world that needed a better product.
And, you know, there's a world out there.
And you want to know something.
You want to know just exactly what it is you're supposed to do.
You don't really care why.
Just so long as it's the right thing.
It's natural.
Everyone wants to do the right thing.
Then, why not?





But sometimes it's hard to know just what the right thing is.
Let's say you're black,
and you've just lost both your arms and legs defending U.S. interests in El Salvador.
You come home and get thrown in jail for life for beating up four white cops.
You want to know just exactly what is it I'm supposed to feel.
We can't give you all the answers,
but we can help you flesh out your fantasy that there are some.
At our labs, we use only the finest homemade ingredients.
Love.
Children.
God.
And the purest blend of money your needs can buy,
grown right here by our special process.
A process in use since our first mom-and-pop operation.
Who are we?
We're the normal people.
The most normal people in the world.
But not quite as normal as you.
Why?
You're unique.
It's natural.
Everyone's unique.
But you stand apart from the crowd.
You're normal.
Oh, morning, dear.
That was Michael Pepe.
I had a wonderful last night.
This is...
The Swinging Aeriodice.
Get out of bed, crunch numbers, and do launches.
Where are the keys to my 450 SL?
I've no idea, but if I don't get my suits from the maid this morning,
I'm going to be positively late for this meeting.
Mash love.
Here comes a singing voice.
He drove white Porsches.
Mercedes Town Sedan.
All custom upholstered.
All custom upholstered.
To match his new tan.
Oh, what a yuppie man he was.
Oh, what a yuppie man he was.
His discs, they were compact.
Hisα Sherbet.


Because he heard the rage
Bought the Beatles back collection
But his taste was new age
Oh, what a yuppie man he was
Oh, what a yuppie man he was
He bopped into wilderness
Where the sheep shot the chow
Buying duck liver pate
At twelve bucks a pound
Oh, what a yuppie man he was
Oh, what a yuppie man he was
In his polo, he would network
To satisfy a primal urge
Interfacing young yuppies
With which he would merge
Oh, what a yuppie man he was
Oh, what a yuppie man he was
Promotions did elude him
He produced unperturbed
But croaked by coronary
Before his eye lay matured
Oh, what a yuppie man he was
Oh

Oh
What a yuppie man he was
Oh
What a yuppie man he was
Oh
What a yuppie man he was
But croaked by coronary
Oh
What a yuppie man he was
What a yuppie man he was
Oh, yes, dear friends.
What a beautiful song there.
Oh, what a yuppie man he was by the Swinging Aeriodites.
Thanks to Brother Cleve Duncan up in Boston once again.
The Swinging Aeriodites are beginning to make a name for themselves now that Cleve's left the band.
Once again, friends, that's your surest ticket to start him is to have Cleve in your band for a while
and then get rid of him or have him leave or whatever.
Public service announcement number one.
Everyone, if you're thinking about saying yes to sex or if you're thinking about saying yes to drugs, just remember,
say no to Nancy Reagan.
That was fun, wasn't it?
Okay, coming up in just a moment, we'll have the Reverend Ivan Stang,
the president of the Church of the Subgenius, joining us here this morning.
A story in fiction.
And another story that somebody showed me in a national magazine said that we were going to open a healing shrine
in Arkansas.
Well, you know, I have nothing to do.
I've never met those people.
And it's amazing what is being written today as fact when in truth it's fiction.
In truth, none of it is.
It's just a figment of someone's imagination.
And, you know, at the beginning of this, we read headlines in California that, you know,
$92 million missing.
Is that all, Jim?
And the sad part was...
This is Jim and Tal.
...some people.
Found the money, I guess.
But that was never written.
They found it in your backyard.
And so there's so many things...
But the sad part was it was never missing.
Did you say that?
The money was never missing.
It was a figment of the imagination.
A figment.
And it was never missing.
And so it didn't have to be found because it was always there.
Not only has the PTL books been opened, but our own personal books have been opened.
We have been audited personally as well as a company.
We know what's been opened.
The cells have been with us.
Oh, no!
No!
No!
No!
Back in their load, back in their load.
Yeah, all the dogs shielding us, back in their load.
Back in their load, back in their load.
All the dogs shielding us, back in their load.
Down in Carolina at the PTL.
There's a change in the wind, it sure does smell.
Old Jim and Tammy from the TV church.
Back in their load, now they're alert.
Jimmy called Jimmy, he was mounting his steam
Buck ass naked, taking the lead
Packing some fudge for the PTL
For front page news, for the Post to tell
Back in their load, back in their load
All of God's children just back in their load
Back in their load, back in their load
All of God's children just back in their load
Jimmy called Tammy, she was running the race
Another woman's man riding by her face
Just a friend of the music man
Wasn't packing his load, I was braving his plan
Reverend Jerry Fowle, he slapped him so hard
Took away the gold and the credit cards
Hang your head in shame, leave my flock
Don't mind packing your load, but you got caught
Back in their load, back in their load
Old Kimmel says, back in their load
Back in their load, back in their load
All the TV churches are back in their load
Back in their load, back in their load
All of God's children just back in their load
Back in their load, back in their load
All of God's children just back in their load
The whole stupid public keeps rolling the steel.
Keep the TV churches running, bank borrow steel.
Listen to the lies on the TV screen.
Bend over backwards, accept your reed.
Jimmy Swaggert screamed, I ain't packing no load.
Or what is cried, Jimmy Baker's a toad.
Jerry Fowler says, get the PTL and Jack Frank to rip off the heads.
On the next.
Back in their loads, back in their loads.
All of God's children are back in their loads.
That's a PTL by Iron Liver.
Thanks to Cleve again for that one.
Yee-haw.
Social commentary, dear friends, about reams of Xerox paper.
Somewhere out there.
This is G. Gordon Gordon.
Terminal folds of Nunu.
It's not just the child zombies that murdered their mediocrity parents
and then cruised the streets with bloody feet.
It's not just those starry old vets on the park benches
with looks on their faces like those who shuffled out of the boxcars of Belsen and Auschwitz.
It's not just the anesthesiologists for knee-heat.
It's not just the heaving pink meat masses
that grope and flutch all day.
It's not just the bones all around you.
It's not just the diner bones for Wotan.
It's not just the broken headlight,
snapped antenna, and human excrement on your car hood.
It's not just that the old ways were best.
It's not just the bastardization and perversion
of every honest means of self-expression.
It's not just the kill of Ganja from the dark side of the bush.
It's not just the penoid of the dead.

It's not just the dying snipers locking and loading on every high-rise rooftop.
It's not just the wide-screen technicolor corporate daisy chain
that has defiled the entire planet.
It's not just Mongo in the Congo with fa-fa-falls the size of basketballs.
It's not just the prophets crying lonely in the loam in the wilderness.
It's not just the indignity of having to work for some bland, nun-entity son of a bitch
who thinks workers are property.
It's not just the blueness of the wound cleansed by evil.
It's not just the battling eco-freaks who want to go back to nature without realizing
that nature is an open-ditch latrine in midsummer.
It's not just some asshole with a pipe and an I-know-more-than-you-do dog grin all over his homogenized face.
It's not just the horrible feeling of being entrapped inside a regimented, devolving world
that you certainly never made.
It's not just the doorways of the world that are closed,

or the doorway to doom.
It's not just wanting to know what the hell is really going on.
It's not just the missing H's or the stolen alpha-beta-max.
No, dear friends, there is more to it all than that.
Bob ain't no nickel-dime bum-show.
I put it to you, he's on the square and a corking fine business proposition.
He's the grandest thing yet, and don't you forget it.
Shout salvation and fightin' Jesus,
you'll need to rise precious early, you sinner there,
if you want to diddle the almighty Bob.
Not off.
He's got cough mixture with a punch on it for you, my friend.
In his back pocket.
Just you try it.
I'm busy plumbin' mud.
I'm busy keepin' quiet.
I'm busy stayin' still.
Don't always run.
I'm busy mankin' tape.
Bob is a ballpoint pen.
Bob is a rooster and Bob is a hen.
But what is a subgenius?
How can they, we, differ so much from the humans,
whose nonsensical laws and customs we have been forced to obey?
Why have so many of us been kept in ignorance of our true heritage,
a heritage that dates back farther than man is thought to have existed?
For in the days of Atlantis, we helped to design the humans.
Certainly, in retrospect, this now seems to have been our greatest mistake.
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
because he brought them toys and bubblegum.
All the parents put their kids in Cookie's hands.
Cookie put his hands on their little glass.
What he did was an awful fright.
When the kids got home, they cried all night.
The kids got smacked, squealed on the clown.
Cookie got scared when the cops came around.
They dragged his ass to the courtroom floor.
40 years, he should have got more.
This is Iron Liver.
Now Cookie rides in the fit house alone.
Late at night, you can hear his groans.
They beat his legs.
With baseball.
Exposed his buns.
The champ.
So this is the story of Cookie the Clown.
Wait, there's more.
Stick around.
They removed Cookie's skin just to out a layer.
They poured gasoline on his bozo head.
They set him on fire that fateful night.
A flaming clown.
He was out of sight.
Cookie robbed his kids of their childhood dreams.
The last thing they heard was Cookie's death.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!

Ah!
Ah!

Ah!
Ah!
Ah!

Ah!
Ah!
Ah!

Ah!

Ah!

Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Oh!


Ah!


Wooah!


Ah!
Ah!






Those vocals are by Dr. Felix Cruel, formerly of the fabulous Billy Goons.
And it's Iron...
liver out of Boston. Nowhere but the hour of slack. Oh, there they go. Goodbye to the
iron liver man.
This is Mike Mahan. Got a minute? I'd like to bring you down.
Hello, microphone. What are you taping?
No matter how much you shake and dance, the last few drops go down your pants.
Oh, let me like tell you how I feel about condoms right now. I think condoms are okay,
but I heard a little bit about the oral dam, which is like a saran wrap type fixture that
fits on the genital area and you can step away and not get diseases. I think it's hideous.
Why don't we all wear a saran wrap body stocking and like prevent everything that we possibly can?
We're all scared.
The richest.
Longest lived, best protected, and most resourceful civilization with the highest technology,
the most fearful. Aren't you afraid of getting old and sick and then we'll let you die?
Ha! This is your roving cynic. I did approve it. I just can't say specifically when.
I did approve it. I just can't say specifically when.
Hey, wait a minute. What are you doing? Oh gosh, I've got two visitors here. All right, all right.
Go ahead, go ahead.
Oh, Auntie Georgina?
Oh, what's happening, Bobby?
I was reading an article about Keith Schmering and Jean-Baptiste Goodley Squad and they used
a word that I didn't understand.
And what pretal little slob head was that?
Um, it was pretentious.
Pretentious?
Okay, wipe that slime off your face and keep quiet while I tell you all about this disgusting
concept of pretentious.
Now, according to Webster's Dictionary, it means making usually unjustified and excessive
claims as of value or standing. But I know your little brain pen can't grasp that kind
of talk, so here's a little game that will teach you how to spell the word as you absorb
the meaning.
Now, P stands for paparazzi, who pander to the weak yet inflated egos of the brain-dead-walking
tree socket celebrities.
R stands for relic, what the pretentious have succeeded in becoming in terms of the present.
E stands for effluent or waste material, what critics agree upon as being the new cultural
icon.
T stands for the old.

E stands for talent, something the pretentious most definitely lack.
E stands for euthanasia, what the parents of the future pretentious pinks should have
practiced.
Now, N. N stands for narcissism, an all-important quality that is needed to fuel the fashion
sleaze and cardboard cutouts posing as people.
T stands for trickle, that sickeningly sweet and cloying way that pretentious peoples have
with making even as good as they can.
So, when you ask a person, do you want any vulture droppings and stealth slivers of podium
to satisfy a gnawing hunger?
Make it sound sincere.
I stands for ism, the suffix that the pretentious attach to anything that their truncated vocabularies
are unable to explain in really American English.
For example, they say carian finly ism, when all you really have to say is empty-headed
boob with excretion fixation.
.
O stands for ostentatious.
The ability to stand up proudly while wearing skunk skin and silk headdress,
50 pounds of overpriced designer makeup in shades of orange,
and $3,000 chain mail suit.
U stands for ululate.
That's ululate, the sound that the pretentious make when they meet their enemies slash contemporaries.
Oh, Brigida, it's been only 15 minutes since the last I saw you at the gallery opening.
And S.
Finally, S stands for self-important.
The ultimately imploding quality that determines how much of a legend a pretentious person is in their own mind.
So, little Bobby, do you think you can remember all of that?
Um, uh, no, Sister Grigima.
But, uh, now I know how I can be just like, um,
Oh, what's her name?
Taima Jonowitz.
Oh!
Oh!
followers
more

more
more
more
more
more
more





my there
Thank you.
Thank you.
We're the communication people.
The people whose talk is strictly state-of-the-art technology.
It's disposable.
Reversible.
Reusable with almost any leading brand of idea,
including our deluxe line.
Yours.
Sound costly?
Put away that semantic checkbook.
Now communication can be yours at a fraction of what it cost Grandpa.
Why clutter up your world
with a lot of hard-to-perceive,
subtleties.
You either like a thing or you don't.
And in your case, it's the former.
That's why we like you.
And that's why we're always looking for quicker,
easier ways to tell you so.
Slogans.
Jingles.
Logos.
Ways of reaching out and touching you
the way you want to be touched.
Slightly.
Slightly.
Who are we?
We're the real people.
The people who make you real.
So real you can almost hear yourself.
More real than you've ever been before.
But then, you've never been at all before us.
In fact, nothing has.
And not even very much of that.
Not even this sentence.
Because when we say disposable,
we could mean just about anything.
Who are we?
We're the other people.
The people other than you.
People so other we're opposite.
Yet so people, you'd never guess we weren't the real thing.
The people who are almost you,
but couldn't quite make the final pre-season cut.
Still skeptical?
Try this simple test.
Listen to my voice now.
Notice anything?
Now you know how we feel.
Separate.
A little gone.
Slightly repeated.
Like you, only over again.
We can't help noticing.
In fact, we have an old saying.
We're not the same.




Hi.
Why do we say it?
It's a tradition.
Like I said, we're old fashioned.
We don't much care why we do the things we do.
Just so long as they're the right things.
Because even though the newer the better,
deep down inside you know the new is wrong.
It's different.
So it could be a mistake.
If it wasn't a mistake, then why didn't it happen before?
Because you see, we don't really want to know what we're doing.
We want to know what we're supposed to do.
And that's why you're here.
You take all the crazy random things we do we can't even explain ourselves
and put a good solid reason behind each and every one of them.
Because you don't really care what happens.
You want to know what's supposed to happen.
And that's why we're here.
Who are we?
We're you.
You don't settle for a less.
You don't have to.
You're you.
We're nothing without you.
And within you.
And someday you'll be nothing too.
Don't you think it's time you said,
Hi?
Call now.
You remember our number.
Void will be prohibited.
Everywhere.
Hurry.
While the customer lasts.
Supply is limited.
In fact, we have an old saying.
Bye bye.
Bye.
That was Michael Pepe.
Michael Pepe doing ad, dear friends.
And if you don't know any of this,
you're listening to the Hour of Slack,
the voice of the subgenius race
in the great Southwest.
Thank y'all.
Praise Bob.
And you can write for information
from P.O. Box
181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
www.subgenius.com
We may get that number again at the end of the broadcast
if we remember.
Don't just eat a hamburger.
Eat the hell out of it.
And I'm a man.
As I said, that would do anything for Bob.
What's that say, Bob?
The thing at all.
Bang my head against the floor.
Right now, Bob,
He killed himself for Bob
But I know I said that, Bob.
That's gonna hurt, Bob.
Well, I didn't say I wasn't gonna do it now, did I, Bob?
All I said was that that was gonna hurt, Bob.
I didn't say I was gonna do it.
I didn't say I was gonna do it.
thank you, Bob.
Thank you, Bob.
You're welcome.
Thank you so much.
Thank you, Bob.
Thank you Bob.
The advanced initiate, once freed from conspiracy programming as well as the worldly goods that enslaved him,
makes his pilgrimage to Dobstown, the church's fabulous walled encampment deep in the jungles of Malaysia.
There, the initiate's third nostril is surgically opened by psychic surgeons,
allowing him or her to whiff-read the psychic stench of those around him.
He masters the sciences of schizopreniatrics and memory editing,
creating a clean slate on which Bob may write.
The art of extra-meditation is taught, whereby the mind is voided upon the great throne of relief.
You don't use your mind to think about your religion.
What is it that truly sets Bob apart from other would-be holy men and self-appointed gurus?
Everything.
For Bob has always existed.
There have always been Bobs.
Every epoch of man's history has had its Bob.
Most were what we would call good Bobs.
Others? Well, we needn't dwell on that.
The travelling sailor jokes of mythology are based on his early exploits.
So many ask, is Bob God?
The slapmaster himself vehemently denies that he is the messiah.
His mission is merely to show us how to live with our sins.
And who better?
Bob and Bob.
Bob admits he is a sinner.
He practically embodies all the failings of mortal men.
He has the power to fail.
Children, you'll never find an infallible post in the church of the subgenius.
Secondary and inferior imitation, churches might mean an infallible post.
But here, we've got to fail to succeed.
Bob is a very special kind of religious leader.
Bob is a short-duration personal saint.
He is a man of the world.
Yes, children, Bob wants you to take him in your heart and in your mind.
Bob wants you to take him in any checkbook.
But after you've taken him into the sacred place, Bob wants you to think about him, consider him, cast him out!
Bob wants you to do that in your own religion, your own rules.
Short-duration personal saviors, or Shordurper saints.
It is foolish and cowardly to cling to any one person's religion.
The hectic pace of modern life demands disposable saviors, specific ones, suited to the moment at hand.
A sort of while-you-wait-do-it-yourself religion.
Now, you're Shordurper's son, if anything, from a book you're reading,
to a smudge on the corner of a page of that book,
to a TV star you're currently enamored of,
to a brick that just misses crushing your skull as it falls from the cornice of a rotting building,
to the coagulated, dripping neck-stuff of a decapitated World Cup golfer,
and it can last anywhere from a nanosecond to your entire lifetime,
and you can have one or ten or millions of Shordurpers saints, concurrently, consecutively, and simultaneously.
Skeptical reporters were surprised when scientists from the MIT Artificial Intelligence Laboratory corroborated the story.
Short-duration personal saviors. It solves a key problem that kept cropping up in earlier days.
Turns out it only takes five minutes to solve a problem.

Five or six generations before the memory of a great spiritual leader like Muhammad or Jesus of Nazareth
is totally corrupted by the people who are retelling the story, all of whom have their own motives.
Five or six generations. That's only a hundred years, and up till now, that's been the maximum useful life of a religion.
After that, a sexual paranoid like Paul, or a megalomaniac like the Pope, King James, or the Ayatollah take control.
At that point, the religion is virtually used up.
The mass repression completely outweighs the problem.
The Church's other virtues.
Like a joke that's been told too often, it can only be used for punishment.
But with the short duration personal saviors, blind faith in an exalted person or object doesn't have to last even one generation.
It doesn't even have to last an hour.
Exactly.
A sub-genius judge can't be corrupted because it couldn't be more corrupt.
Which makes the crucial difference in long-term performance and maintenance.
Form your own local denomination or clinch.
Go forth into the world.
Spreading the C-word.
Even humans can be tricked into thinking they are sub-geniuses.
As Bob once said to L. Ron Hubbard,
They may be pink, but their money is green.
But there is a danger here.
A grave danger in sharing Bob's wisdom with the unworthy.
For prophecy tells us that the greatest threat to slack will come from inside the Church.
From those we sneeringly call the Bobbies.
Who would make this Church just like all the other religions?
I want to bring you to that.
It's frustrating dealing with them.
Very frustrating because they never know that I'm talking about them.
There's plenty of them here tonight.
Get them.
Bobbies.
Bobbies.
They'll be trying to sell you.
They'll be trying to sell you Bob Dobbs on a silver platter, my friend.
A cleaned up Bob.
A fancy Bob.
A new fangled Bob.
Not quite so.
Not so spooky and abnormal as he once was.
My friend, you'd better fear the day when Bob Dobbs becomes as wholesome as he looks.
Because on that day, my friend, your paychecks shall crumble.
Your three-room condos will fall to the ground.
You'll be tearing your face.
Tearing your face in agony trying to get one last breath of that Church air.
The one last glimpse of paradise before you get that eternity in hell that they talked you into buying.
Bob does not desire a monolithic one-world subgenius inquisition.
Schisms and interdenominational squabbling are encouraged and frequently forced.
Thus the con can never pin down our true numbers nor our actual plan.
You know what the anti-Bob wants?
The anti-Bob wants to see a planet of Bobs.
An entire planet of all-white, all-male salesmen.
In the subgenius Church, the only real heresy is orthodoxy.
There is a big difference between salvation and salivation.
I run a schism for a hostile division within the Church.
Called the First Naked Church of the Subgenius.
That's named after me, Buck Naked.
That's my name.
That is my name, by the way.
We are involved always in casting out the false prophets within the Church.
The Namby Pamby, Pinkoid, Mediogra Nins, and Pucoid, whatever.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.

Great.
Great.
Great.


Great.

Great.

Great.
Great.
Great.
of the subgenius video towards down towards the end of the video remember to wear your favorite
socks okay
the subgenius is not a member of any group any club any organization the subgenius is not even
a member of the church itself i want to make sure you understand that because as soon as we start
thinking thinking for ourselves we might come up with something dangerous something that they don't
want us to think that's why we have all these things we have to buy we have to get we have to
be we have to wear we have to think because they don't want us to think at all they want to keep
busy all the time working on all these distractions because if we ever once think for
ourselves we'll realize that we have always had slack and we always will have slack and the only
thing they can take
are things that we don't know
from us is our awareness of slack they can never really take our true slack
he said I love you watching me right now is a god they must be taught that Bob is
not the answer and neither is anything else only their money and so we must purge our ranks of the
unclean deprogram our own zombies the methods he advocates are drastic for he hath commanded
you shall do as I say and so shall I
think for yourself or kill me
this is a key rule for dealing with the pink members of the society the conspiracy that
wants to crush you and turn you into a mindless dude the or kill me rule elevates every every
instance of contact every interface as we say here on the coast with the conspiracy
into the all-time encounter
rule that raises the stakes of your dealing with conspiracy
the rule that lets the conspiracy know that you don't take no mess
you
have
versus children
I don't know let's let's think of an example let's say you go into the boss and you want to raise
you say to that boss I want to raise or kill me
now let's say that Boston policeman has had a very odd moment and he's decided to pull you over for a movie violation I know it's unheard of but cast your imagination out there children let's say he does and he pulls you over and says where's the fire buddy and you say the fire did my heart survive or what
fire
fire
fire
fire
否
fire
fire
fire
fire
fire
fire
fire
fire

















Bob is a conspiracy duped clone, uh, glorp.
So he probably ought to be off.
He supports the conspiracy.
He, uh, he promotes class division.
Um, but other than that, you know, he's a pretty nice guy for a personal savior.
But none could have guessed how literally the words,
or kill me, were to be taken until that fateful night of January 22nd, 1984.
A night that will live in infamy.
For it was in this San Francisco theater that, if we are to believe the photographic evidence,
Bob Dobbs was slain by a crazed assassin's bullet.
Steal yourself, for the footage you are about to see is not for the faint-hearted.
Oh, Bob, we'll be here tonight!
Tonight, Bob will be here!
And I'm scared!
Can you, can you be ready for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for!
Friends, this is it.
This is the moment.
On, recorded on sound, and also in the video.
The video you can see at the Stark Club this weekend.
Bob Dobbs walks out on stage.
He waves to the audience, he's grinning.
And suddenly, a crazed gunman runs out and fires three, no, four, five bullets into him!
The gunman is hit over the head with a...
a whiskey bottle and knocked out and he lays on the ground.
Friends, the backstage is in confusion.
The footage that I'm seeing here on this video replay is hideous and bloody and gory.
And you can see it too.
You can see the death of Bob on this videotape.
This new and...
Friends, let's get back to that revival.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm sure all of you know by now that just a few moments ago,
the Supreme Epops of the Church of Subgenius, J.R. Bob Dobbs,
was felled by a crazed, lone nut assassin.
Felled in the prime of his life.
His pipe, Bob's pipe is broken.
Could it be that the reign of Bob on Earth has ended?
Friends, friends, we're going to have to continue this investigation next week
because we've run out of time.
Yes?
Next week on the Hour of Slack, Hour of Slack number 101 it will be
because this was the 100th Hour of Slack.
100 hours of Slack ending with Bob's death.
Next week, however, we will find out just what insidious details
and what puzzling evidence leads us to believe the actual truth behind this alleged assassination.
All that and more next week.
The theme of Doc's Doc.
Doc's Doc Mountain all the time.
Doc's Doc Mountain.
Doc's Doc, for those who didn't suffer through it last week,
is the subgenius re-indoctrination education camp
that's held out in the woods for the noble subgenius doctors and musicians,
those who operate, who rip and tear into each other creatively.
It was, I think this was Doc's Doc number 46,
or .01101, something like that.
And it was as important as the post-ritual instructions with St. Byron Werner
at the Temple of the Big Blue Cylindrical Life Force
that seemed, friends, to emanate the true essence of Dob's
and his fusion from Aleph to Yomamama.
Perhaps not, but how can we beat,
how can we express the ineluctable modality,
of our sodality, dear friends?
For we Wotan'd, we Wolwode, we Kabrog-fran'd,
and we launched the head at Doc's Doc,
and Bob still pretends to be dead.
But we know that when that lightning ripped across the sky
after Doctors for Bob finished jamming,
that vertical, diffused, non-linear lightning that came from everywhere at once,
we knew that Bob had returned.
And what about those mysterious power surges
that began when the band that does not speak to each other
started playing Synchro Bob?
Oh, it was hot, dear friends.
Why was it impossible for me to stand up that Saturday night?
And who was that doctor who called the cyborgs in
and put me in the Resistaint module?
All I could see was the white wall Vreedies
holding out his safety deposit box.
Oh, Kabrog-fran and I were losing.
My nose.
But it's okay. It's lighter now.
And I've got a new implant!
And the third phase RNA program just kicked in!
But what did Philo mean when he said he knew all about the conditions at the bottom of the lake?
And why were the only pills available 25 bucks a shot
and already on the prohibited index?
Swami Hagen wasn't there, but we did our best.
And Jaina agreed.
But what could he know as he...
...surprised and flopped on the floor with the living gee shocked out of him by Dobbs or perhaps...
...who only knows...
...some ungodly pharmaceutical popery?
Oh, Dockstock.
It was Dockstock.
The abrasion popes were there.
The pope of all New York arrived by parrot ship.
Uh...
And, uh...
To personally oversee, I believe, the closeout of the defunct llama stud farm.
And G. Gordon...
Gordon Gordon was there, dear friends, desperate as ever.
He took me behind the left speaker banks and messed up my attitude.
Gave me three recipes for plastic explosives.
Easily made from, uh...
...redly available cheap chemicals.
Dear friends, anytime.
So later when he and Unibrow were swapping f-stops and showed everyone some fancy shootin'...
...a lot of people left, uh...
...to go, uh...
...cruising around on the lake to avoid shell shock.
And that's...
...that's what happened at Dockstock.
But that wasn't nearly as...
...see, I'm delirious, friends.
This Dockstock virus has just got me...
...it's got me just wearin' down.
I'm...
...batteries, batteries, just all...
...I need a recharge.
I need to sap into the power of some listener out there.
Hmm...
...let me whiff.
Yes, I smell a new one.
They're easy to recognize.
Oh, yeah!
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Where was I?
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
You were in 1987, maybe, Ivan...
...and, uh, you were in the little Dallas station that went bad.
K-N-O-N.
And it was the 100th hour of slack as opposed to this rerun...
...which is the 1,176th hour of slack...
...uh, which is on 20 or so stations that are good.
Uh, there's been some water under that old bridge, let me tell you.
But you can learn more about our church, our books and videos, and how to become an ordained minister from...
...subgenius.com.
Or from P.O. Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Or you could check out our events page regarding the November 15th Subgenius D-Vival in Baltimore at Load of Fun.
Subgenius.com.
Uh, last year's Baltimore D-Vival was great, and this one likewise features...
...the amino acids, Priestess Pisces, Reverend Carter LeBlanc, Reverend Susie the Floozy...
...the band Fat Free, and even the Motor Morons.
And yours truly, Reverend Stan.
This background music, by the way, is from Save Your Self.
Again, that's subgenius.com for everything.
But really, really for everything.
What you really need is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
