For John Dillinger, and I hope he is still alive.
Thanksgiving Day, November 28th, 1986.
Thanks for the wild turkey and the passenger pigeons
destined to be sh**ed out through wholesome American guts.
Thanks for a continent to despoil and poison.
Thanks for Indians to provide a modicum of challenge and danger.
Thanks for vast herds of bison to kill and skin,
leaving the carcasses to rot.
Thanks for bounties on wolves and coyotes.
Thanks for the American dream to be a national hero.
Thanks for the American dream to vulgarize and falsify
until the bare lies shine through.
Thanks for the KKK, for nigger-killin' lawmen
peavin' their notches.
For decent church-goin' women with their mean, pinched bitter eagle faces.
Thanks for Killikins.
For queer-for-Christ dickers.
Thanks for laboratory AIDS.
Thanks for prohibition and the war against drugs.
Thanks for a country where nobody's allowed to mind his own business.
Thanks for a nation of finks.
Yes,
thanks for all the memories.
All right, let's see your arms.
You always were a headache and you always were a whore.
Thanks for the last and greatest betrayal of the last and greatest of human dreams.
Thanks for the last and greatest betrayal of the last and greatest of human dreams.
I already told you and kept onのying me around you.
That's why I'm not at the mercy of anybody else.
Sorry for getting on your nerves.
It's time you were lost,


You gotta be crazy, come on.
You gotta be crazy, come on.
We walk into this leather bar, high noon, the place still reeks of stale sex.
Stale sex.
We're not talking about beautiful people.
I don't care what consenting adults do in their bedrooms or elsewhere.
That's their business.
That's their business.
War.
Huh.
What is it good for?
Absolutely nothing.
War.
Huh.
What is it good for?
Absolutely nothing.
War.
Huh.
What is it good for?
Absolutely nothing.
No, then we didn't have any restaurants, because shortly after that, Bob had a massive heart attack.
I answered the age-old question, what is art?
You're my only hope.
Come on, Bob, tell us something.
Come on, Bob, tell us something.
Come on, Bob, tell us something.
You're my only hope.
Come on, Bob, tell us something.
One little tasty tip here.
Bob, you gotta understand, this is a very lonely town.
Everybody's insane.
Everybody's insane.
They contain explicit lyrics descriptive of advocating or encouraging one or more of the following.
Sodomy.
Incest.
Bestiality.
Sadomasochism.
Adultery.
Any form of sexual conduct in a vile context.
Nudity.
Satanism.
Murder.
Morbid violence.
Illegal use of drugs or the use of alcohol.
Warning, warning, warning.
So here it comes.
Can God deliver a dog?
Oh, yes, he can.
The reality is it's something that you'll never get over.
...material which depicts or describes in terms patently offensive as measured by contemporary
community standards, broadcast mediums, sexual or extirpatory activities or organs, and
which is broadcast at a time of day when there's a reasonable risk that children may be in the
audience.
Will you tell on this earth we do everything we can to escape suffering?
We take aspirin.
We go to the hospital.
We might have an operation.
But in hell, you will not be able to escape suffering.
Your suffering will be so bad that it'll turn to weeping.
And then the weeping.
Shall turn to wailing.
And then the wailing shall turn to gnashing of teeth.
I say hell is a place of remembering.
In hell, you'll remember things.
People say, oh, there'll be plenty of company in hell.
But they'll all be taken up with their own suffering and their own shame.
That they'll not care a thing about you.
And you'll feel that you're all alone.
Hell is a place of loneliness.
I say hell is a place without hope.
When a man is sent to jail for life, there is always the hope he'll be let out for good behavior
or he'll be pardoned.
But it is not that way in hell.
Just as sure as you're listening to me, just as sure as you're listening to an eight-year-old voice,
it's just as sure that you're going to be done with that.
Go to hell if you're not saved.
I stand firm in my belief that the Bible is the word of hell.
I worked for 75 cents an hour with a pick and shovel,
and I preached on Sundays and pastored a church.
And I said, because I was faithful, God's now giving me a Cadillac.
Hallelujah.
I said, now I'm driving a Cadillac.
Why don't you do it?
And you know what I got to thinking about that all day long?
I've been trying to trade for a Chevrolet, and I couldn't get a Chevy.
I tried to trade for a Buick, and I couldn't get a Buick.
And I said, bless God, the more I think about that,
the more I think I was preaching the truth.
I went down to the Cadillac agency, and one hour later, I drove out a new Cadillac.
Hallelujah.
Say, praise the Lord.
Thank you, Jesus.
Bless God, I'm going to drive that Cadillac down here and get it dusty and dirty
and use it for...
The soul.
Genius.
Power.
All.
Swag.
I don't think that'd be on if I were program director.
That's a shame.
Offensive speech does have a value.
That's the whole premise of the First Amendment.
The issue isn't whether someone's going to get a pop in the nose
if he said it in front of somebody else.
The issue is whether it's going to offend people, whether there's a value to it.
The Supreme Court again and again has said that there's a value to offensive speech
because it stirs up debate.
This is almost as crazy as it gets.

There's a person that's talking about really difficult matters,

The remaining white man seems very hole in my face.

said one minute is an hour away from hell.
I am Daniel Van Dyke.
、
The biggest growing killer that's ever been the system to manufacture all.
IRL?

Interesting.
STH.
For how a gun can take on human personality
and take over singularly or collectively the mind of a race,
see issue 55, Origin of a Gun.
I'm a simple man.
I'm not really sure how all this came to be.
Made my way all through my life.
It's just this old gun and me.
He's by my side. He's always there.
Everywhere I go.
Thought my life would be so lonely
until my gun said no.
Because it can blow a man's brain out,
a gun is an example of a purer intellect.
A college professor said he was smarter than me
and attempted to prove it so.
E equals MC squared, he postulated.
My gun replied a different equation.
A loaded gun equals no.
The professor screamed his final lecture.
He argued.




Hard was all he said.
A yecky equation dropped from the blackboard,
which could at last be read.
My gun said no.
An unemployed young man approached me on the street
and asked for me to loan him some dough.
My gun delivered a copy of my financial statement.
Two letters reading no.
My gun said no.
She was a virgin beauty with hair of red.
I could have loved her so.
I trembled with excitement as she climbed into my bed.
Until I looked to the closet.
My gun said no.
Heh.
My gun said we can't do this.
My gun said no.
What are you talking about?
Are you crazy?
Yes, I am.
I'm unclean.
We have to do it this way.
We have to let my gun do it.
I don't want that cold metal thing inside me.
Shut up.
We have to do it this way.
We have to do it his way or he'll kill us.
He'll kill us.
He'll kill us both.
Yeah, he's really getting hot now.
Yeah.
Heh heh.
Gun likes it.
My gun likes this.
Heh heh heh.
My gun said no to her life.
My gun's senses were heightened.
I couldn't do it.





If he doesn't like someone, it hurts my head.
My gun would speak to me when he met someone he didn't like.
No was what he said.
My gun said no.
And no.
And no.
And no.
And no.
And no.
And no.
And no.
And no.
And no.
And no.
Is no, would move my hand.
My gun said no.
Heh heh heh.
Come on, gun.
Don't you think we can talk this out?
I...
I want to live.
I...
I have a life.
I...
I don't want to take a lead stress pill.
Heh heh.
Gun?
Gun?
Heh heh.
I don't want a six pack.

You're getting depressed, Gun. Can't we go anywhere without there just being a pile of bodies?
No.
I want to live, I said. It's not my time to go.
A piece of lead then entered my head.
My gun said no.
My gun was sold to a collector and put into a case of gold.
For all the world to awe and wonder while weeds grow upon my grave so cold.
My gun said no.
Next-ish, when bullets laugh, Uff said.
And that was Janer Hypercletes along with the Southland Corporation.
And we'll be hearing yet another fun track from them later regarding...
Well, I won't tell you what it's about. We'll just keep that a surprise for now.
But you want to hear that, so stay tuned for them and what must follow.
Psychedelically speaking, I am talking.
About.
The power.
What the hell is that?
Let me tell you what's coming over the whole planet.
When you turn on your television sets.
When you turn on your television sets.
Your television sets.
You turn on your television sets.
Or you see the things that are happening around this world.
That's not what is really happening.
That's not what is really happening.
That's not what is really happening.
That's not what is really happening.
I don't think I'm saying it right.
When you turn on your television sets.
That's just a surface attraction.
Surface attraction.
Surface attraction.
Attraction.
Attraction.
God will give the final orders.
God will give the final orders.
God will give the final orders.
The orders.
The orders.
Not Bush, not Gorbachev.
Not anyone else.
Not Gorbachev.
The final orders.
Not Bush, not Bush, not Gorbachev.
Not anyone else.
At this very moment in nation after nation of the world.
The spirit of God is searching
Searching.
Searching.
Searching.
Searching.
The spirit of God is searching.
And I want you to hear me and to hear me and to hear me
and it's not the rhetoric of a glib-tongued evangelist.
He said they'll come from the north and the south and the east and the west.
He said they'll come from every tribe.
They'll come from every tongue and they will come from every nation.
They'll come from empty heaven, empty heaven, empty heaven.
I see the harvest.
Why do you think hell is raging like an inferno from the pit of darkness?
Why? Why?
Losing audience, going down, losing audience, going down, going down,
losing audience, going down, losing audience, going down,
losing audience, going down.
Losing audience, going down, losing audience, going down, going down.
See, that's the choice you get, friends.
Going down or losing audience.
And Swigert chose both.
That's what happens, see.
The reality is it's something that you'll never get over.
Your eyes are one and the same.
One in knowing.
One in loving.
One in hating.
One in selling.
And Slack is the free car wash that comes with the fill up of Bob.
He's the ultimate good guy.
The terrorist for peace.
Out to kick ass on the know nothing to have held you down.
Bob is the peace that Slack has made alive.
Bob is Slack.
External.
Bob is the still sifter of a turning world.
He is the angel of the bottomless pit.
The blood of the land.
The pet feet of Kloboka.
The pet feet of Kloboka.
The key to the gateway is his life.
Bob is the fool of the universe.
And thus the only place of awe.
Bob is the meaning of the word without meaning.
And therefore Bob is the one true word.
Bob is war.
But he is victory without a battle.
No battle.
He is the laxative of the world.
And he is the bottom.
He is the great work that he created.
He is the silence.
He is the infinite wheel of earning.
Bob is the teaching for those who need not be taught.
And those who must be taught.
Bob.
He is his own ultimate secret.
Bob is the meaning of rising and falling.
Bob is the black goat of the woods for a thousand yards.
Bob is heaven's one true police chief.
Bob is the gun and you are the bullet.
Bob is the sucker who is reborn every minute.
Yet he is the money which that sucker spends.
He is the man whose name is Money.
Bob is companion when there is no one there.
Bob is the Oprah.
Who will never let you down.
Never let you down.
Never let you down.
Bob is the man you always knew.
Bob is.
Always been.
Bob is the man you always knew.
Every mom knows who he's birthed to.
Bob is the uncle who told you what you are.
Bob is your big brother.
Bob is your big brother.
Praise big brother, Bob.
Praise big brother, Bob.
Praise big brother, Bob.
Bob is a rock.
Bob is a rock.
Bob is a trick.
Bob is you.
Bob is you.
And Bob is...
And Bob is...
Bill in the blank.
Bill in the blank.
Bill in that blank.
Bill in that blank.
Bill!
Bill!
Bill!
Bill!
Bill!
Bill!
Bill!
Bill!
Bill!
By pulling the wool of your own eyes,
you become aware that there is
a moment of silence in your head,
is
he said the only security you ever have in your life is in your ability to perform
problems with space and time which you'll have the time is not the time is not appropriate
how appropriate these innocuous words seem the time is now and manipulate my gonads baby
a woman was fatally shot at her front door by someone dressed as a clown and detective said
today that they had several leads in the search for her killer doctor doctor for both of us
okay and you've been listening to much media barrage from blaze brown food fights of the gods
you'll hear a lot of segues tonight because we only have one tape deck
so i can't just smoothly go from one to the next zero so often when i want to change tapes
we put on the music which uh this is the soundtrack of akira that you're listening to right now
so as uh promised earlier for the new listeners
how's about this
what is slack now alongside your normal everyday life there's another life one in which you have
slack man was born with original slack yet most so-called civilized peoples don't believe in it
and their most learned scholars cannot even comprehend it and that my friend is why the idiot
is closer to the divine
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
for nothing. That unreachable goal, that perfect hamburger towards which all seekers strive,
and to seek it, one must travel the path of least resistance and learn to try, never to try. Now,
friend, slack can neither be created nor destroyed. If you don't have slack, it's somewhere it
shouldn't be. Who's got it, friend? If you don't know, then, my friend, your only sane move would
be to repent, quit your job, and slack off before you're too far gone. Praise Bob. Help me,
somebody. Let there be slack. Bob is what will bring slack to planet Earth. And to you, young
man. Bob is fill in the blank. I am Bob. I'm not Bob. You are Bob. We are all Bob. Born to humble
parents somewhere in the Midwest, the child Bob experienced a traumatic close encounter
with a child. He was a child of a child. He was a child of a child. He was a child of a child.
He was a child of a child. He was a child of a child. He was a child of a child. He was a child
with a UFO at the age of three. Soon thereafter, he began to exhibit strange powers of persuasion.
By age six, he had made his first million, almost by accident. In college, he met and married his
first and still his primary wife, Connie, who is now revered by female subgenie as the blessed
anti-virgin. With Connie's encouragement, the young Dobbs became a salesman,
a salesman of legendary, almost frightening abilities, known to his peers as the man who could sell anything.
He worked his way up to the very top of the conspiracy ladder and might have stayed there.
But late one night in 1953, while working on an amateur television of his own design,
an event occurred which was to become a milestone on man's mind path to slack. He was suddenly seized
up in the spirit. By the hand of the man, he was able to get to the top of the conspiracy ladder.
He wanted to be according to his permission and the soil
for his original works. He was clearly enslaved to his neighbourhoods, a strange city on which
D именно the world headed, but he fell in love with himself at the hypocrisy of man,
jury of thoughts. Yes,licirsty was nigh.
nsome of God
Jehovah 1.한
rich beyond imagining but without working.
This experience, combined with his UFO-given sales magic,
led him inevitably into the religion field.
Bob is the still center of a turning world.
He's the angel of the bottomless pit, the blood of the land,
the paraclete of Caborca, and the key to the gateway is his pot.
The blueness of the wound.
The blueness of a wound cleanses away the evil.
You see, Bob is not just a mystic salesman,
not just world-renowned as the man who can sell anything,
but he's the mythic proto-salesman of legend.
There have always been Bobs.
There was a first Bob 80 million years ago in Atlantis,
and every great civilization has had its Bob.
Bob's here to make sure the Earth doesn't get sold.
Bob's the traveling salesman you've heard about.
He came to save you some slack, mister.
You better look around yourself if you aren't getting any slack.
It's someplace it shouldn't ought to be.
The conspiracy's got your slack.
Now, some would say that the Church of the Subgenius
is merely a monstrous, huge art project
spanning continents, utilizing the 100 best multimedia artists in America.
Others would simply say it's just my religion.
Just my religion, let me practice it.
This is a recording by a few of the subgeniuses
of the O.O.
of the Bible.
In the end times, there shall come mockers.
If we're those mockers, then you should thank us
for helping to fulfill biblical prophecy.
And so, Bob Dobbs founded his church upon a sandy beach of common sense, sense of humor,
and dollars and cents.
A likely story, you say.
But it's simple, really.
Bob is lucky, not smart.
In fact, by the perverted conspiracy standards of intelligence,
he is gifted with incredible stupidity.
He lives in a perpetual state of contracted consciousness.
This enables him to be a man of his word.
To act without thinking.
To surf effortlessly on the luck plane.
To float down the fabled path of least resistance.
In fact, to make a million dollars every time he screws up.
Thus, it is not his wisdom, but his divine follies.
His holy blunders which we emulate.
The miracle is not in what Bob does to you,
but in what he allows you to do to yourself.
He brings the student to the realization that
everything you know is true.
Under the conspiracy, you're being ripped off every day,
but you can learn to enjoy it.
The so-called primitive nature worshipers of the right-brainedness.
Bob wants you to have slack.
Bob wants you to do what you want to do.
Here, have a glass.
Everything you know is wrong.
Do us that will.
Shall be the loophole and the law through which you can escape
and into which you can push that great knowledge of...
...hyroflex.
The thing is...
The thing is the overman.
Are we having a relationship or just doing research on each other?
Bob both.
Yeah, exactly.
Bob wants all of us to be rich and famous.
He wants his followers to be on their own two feet.
So we don't demand all worldly goods.
And Bob is not a fan club.
So Bob demands only your total, if erratic, devotion to his almighty word.
The right people must be made into superhuman overmen.
By that alien technology that is the end of their world, not our world.
That's another thing.
I mean, we don't stop when we turn you into a zombie.
Beyond that, you can undergo the surgery, the glandscaping at the hands of the many doctors.
Male or female.
Right, right.
Absolutely.
And we can go either direction once we have you, too.
This religion canonizes our most hostile heretics and our most devoted monks.
This is a religion for outcasts.
For crips, freaks, morphin' out.
For the eyes.
So kick the conspiracy out of your life and call up.
Avoid it in your friends.
Slap yourself awake with weird experiences and wake up.
Notice the schematics, as he said earlier.
The luck plane.
The work net of synchronicity.
And support the laser project.
Take the slack for your own.
Perhaps a few words about the laser project.
Oh, hold it.
We've got a caller here.
Hello?
Hello?
I've got a question for Doug.
Oh, it's the mouse again.
Uh-huh.
Well?
Is Bob the antichrist?
No, Bob is not the antichrist.


Bob is the...
There is an anti-Bob.
There...
Bob is the anti-antichrist.
Um...
Or the anti-anti-antichrist.
You get it, you get heavy into the numerology there.
Bob's...
There's a multiple independent antichrist.
Right.
Bob's number...
Does Bob like God?
Does Bob like God?
Bob can't stand him, actually.
No, I...
No, that's not...
If you can talk about it in those kind of terms as...
Yeah, this is a...
Him and like and God.
...all stands for man.
This...
The Church of the Subgenius is God's answer to the moral...

Hello?

...majority, if you can understand that.
This is...
Now, this is...
This is God's answer to the...
...last prayer.
Oh, enough of this.
...those that you...
Oh, it's the antichrist!
Huh?
Wherever possible...
We'll pray for you.
...for the holy...
No, we'll...
...telephone from the...
We'll burn some money.
...over room at the White House.
Any confessions out there?
I'm talking to you by telephone from the over room at the White House.
Right.
Oh, how do you do?
And it certainly has to be the most...
Your word is...
Word is new.
Howdy.
Howdy.





Your word is love, love.
You wanna ask for...
I'll do ya, please.
I'm telling you.
You wanna ask your man.
I'm-
I'm giving you.
You're giving you.
I'm-
I'm...
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-




Your right...
Your right...
Is...
Your right...
Right...
Right...
Right...
Right...
Right...
Think about it ladies and gentlemen, you can stop paying for that cable.
50% of this country is saturated with that mind control.
Your psychic stench is good enough.
Ladies and gentlemen, subgenius are really a minority.
You think that blacks are a minority, you think that Vietnamese are a minority, you
think that Asians are a minority.
This is not true ladies and gentlemen, the subgenius is in the minority.
But he knows who's pulling the strings on the conspiracy, he knows who's pulling the
strings at the White House.
He knows the men in black and the wrathful God Jehovah One.
He knows the space deity with a sick sense of humor.
He came down and he rearranged those magnetic particles.
I bought an Elastil on my wife's wedding.
It made it very easy for me to take offerings and receive money.
Try this.
It's a pink and blue factory.
It's a distressed electrician.
And the distributors are desperate for cash.
Our desperate for cash!
Dispersed for cash!
But how do I know this water is really clean?
The world would never be the same.
Can God deliver a dog?
Oh yes he can.
Now I want you to get out your dollars.
We're gonna give money tonight to kill a colony for Jesus.
We're gonna fight communism.
You need God's money right!
As they launch it behind you.
The world is gonna be a mess.
We're gonna be a mess.



The world will turn to dust.

I've been contacting our members for thousands of years.
I've been contacting our members for thousands of years.
I've been contacting our members for thousands of years.
I want all faith partners to share with us a prayer.
Right now, tonight.
For we are going to rebuild that tower twice as high.
I think we ought to send a contribution, Ma.
Oh, Paul, that'd be an act of real charity.
Until Satan has been utterly destroyed.
Praise the Lord!
Don't wait till tomorrow to send off your love donation, faith partners.
Don't wait till after the program.
Get your checkbook out now.
That's right.
Now, we've had a lot of requests for this little number,
so while y'all are writing, Mary and I are going to be singing.
Mary?
If you've got some money lying around,
send Jesus some, send Jesus some.
Instead of taking that week out of town,
send Jesus some, send Jesus some.
It's for the money you have to run.
We'll be here to take your call.
I could relate to that, Don.
Hallelujah.
Can I be a Christian warmonger?
Never heard of a holy war?
Fear of the commies is right up there with fear of God.
It says so in the Bible, apparently.
Send Jesus some.
That's in the surest for when you get up.
Send Jesus some.
She's cute.
Send Jesus some.
The world needs a wake-up call.
We're gonna phone it in.
Absolutely.
Perfect, isn't it?
We'll do anything to be rich.
Look around at the environment we live in.
Carbon dioxide, fluorocarbons, and methane
have increased since 1958.
Earth is being acclimatized.
They are turning our atmosphere into their atmosphere.
What do these things want and why are they here?
It's in their best interest. They're free enterprises.
Earth is just another developing planet.
Their third world.
We are like a natural resource to them.
To keep the planet, move on to another.
They want benign indifference.
They want us drunken.
We could be pets.
We could be food.
But all we really are is livestock.
But all we really are is lifetime.
Livestock, livestock.
This isn't lie, Carly.
And everybody thinks I'm high and I詔am.
Girls have found out that Berdie callsllo NG's
years of spontaneous movement
everybody thinks I'm high and I詔am.
and everybody thinks I'm high and I詔am.
has the power that rules us.
Wasching the pipes of everybody's pies.
to George Bush, the oligarchy only grows stronger and more resilient and more oppressive.
That electorate now sensibly refuses to vote. Actually, the government has no interest.
Although it has declared war on drugs, it has no interest in winning this latest war.
A war that will be lost like all the other wars they have pretended to fight, because
they never have an interest in winning as opposed to expensively prosecuting the war.
The oligarchy does not care whether the citizens make themselves sick with drugs or not.
What the government wants is simple. Total control over money, and ultimately total control over each citizen.
If this can be got by dispensing with a bill of rights,
and that's a special bill,
then it's a small price to pay for freedom.
Freedom for the few.
In fact, the whole tone of the Reagan-Bush management is one of open hostility and contempt for our ancient rights in particular,
and for the people in general.
Today, the poor, as Mr. Bush might put it, are indeed doo-doo.
The rich are fed up with the poor.
And if the poor don't shape up, the rich just aren't going to take it anymore.
Yeah, you hear that? Shape up, poor folk.
Because the rich just aren't going to take it anymore.
Okay, as promised, again, here's the Southland Corporation once again with
Fuhrer, Rise of a Madman.
Eins, zwei, drei, vier.
.
But I don't understand.
I don't understand why you turned your father over to the Gestapo.
Don't you love him?
Of course I love him.
I love him more than...
I love him perhaps even more than you.
But my only duty is to the motherland.
I must serve her.
Oh, I'll have a few moments of pain, but basically I feel no remorse.
I don't understand. You've become some kind of monster.
Of course I had to falsify information in order to turn my father over to the concentration camps.
But basically, you could say I have a clear conscience about it.
Now you must allow me to continue living here, even though I have no job.
Or I'll have you turned over to the Gestapo also.
.
We have ways of silencing your nagging tongue.
.
But, Jaina, you said you were going to mow the lawn on Saturday.
.
You won't be asking me if I'm going to mow the lawn when you're in a concentration camp.
.
I must die. I must die for Hitler.
.
But they said he only had a cold.
.
They said it possibly could turn into pneumonia, but basically it was just a cold.
I must die. I must die for Hitler.
You don't understand. I must die for Hitler.
What is this strange ideology that perverts even life's most basic instincts?
.
.
The gay wings of a butterfly.
How different they are from the wings of a transport plane flying night raids over London.
.

.
.
ありがとうございました .


.
No, CW, you sucked.
It's the birth of the bottom leg and the aren't the Russians.
.
.
.
Did not all Aryan cultures fall because of race mixing, blowing themselves through race
mixing?
They had us hooked up to that one machine that just peeled our eyelids back and just
had a big bottle up there.
It's kind of like Chinese water torture, except they dropped one drop of water.

One drop of motor oil in one eye every other 30 minutes and one drop of dishwashing liquid
in the other eye every other 30 minutes.
But I wouldn't say we were torturing them or anything like that.
They got a lunch break.
Longer lunch break I used to get on my job.
We just got messed up one night.
Decided to start a third ride.
I don't know.
I had about seven beers.
I don't know why we decided to talk to the earth and start a new race.
I don't know.
I guess you could say we just got a wild hair up our ass.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.


When they got it down on my wrist, I couldn't believe it.




I'll have you drowned in your own blood.
I wasbuds.
. . . . . . . Heal.
. . . . ... . . . . . . . all in all.
Heil Schicklgruber! Heil Schicklgruber! Heil Schicklgruber!
And thank you, Jainer and the Southland Corporation.
Jainer and the Southland Corporation
In tonight's production, the pulleys are the bundles of cables that transmit this work over the airwaves.
The scenery is spun out of computer programs. The lighting is the cathode ray tube.
And the conductor, he has not just flown in from Budapest.
He is not now approaching the podium.
He is not wearing a tuxedo. Why not?
Because tonight, the conductor is electricity.
Stay tuned.
Ladies and gentlemen, you can stop paying for that cable.
50% of this country is saturated with that mind control.
Your psychic stench is good enough.
Ladies and gentlemen, subgenius are really a minority.
You think that blacks are a minority. You think that Vietnamese are a minority.
You think that Asians are a minority.
This is not true, ladies and gentlemen.
The subgenius is in the minority.
But he knows who is pulling the strings on the conspiracy.
He knows.
He knows who is pulling the strings at the White House.
He knows the men in black.
And the wrathful god, Jehovah One.
Space deity with a sick sense of humor.
Negi came down and he rearranged those magnetic particles.
Oh, that is great.
Well, that's all.
Never mind.
Only good results can."








and he told you that aliens have been protecting the power of some sort of boobies, boobies.
But you can transform his flesh, which is no flesh, into animal flesh, which is no flesh,
to plant flesh, which is no flesh, and to spiritual flesh.
...posted at the end of each corridor.
They own everything, the whole damn planet, they can do whatever they want!
We all sell out every day! We all sell out every day! We all sell out every day!
Well, that's the power of the word of the Lord, Mary.
Amen!
But before we see the next program,
...
I want to talk about the other force at work in the land.
I've just learned that the WITV transmitter on Marconi Mountain has been hit by lightning, Mary.
What can the viewers at home do, Doug?
Well, first I want all faith partners to share with us a prayer.
Right now, tonight.
For we are going to rebuild that tower twice as high.
Think we ought to send a contribution, huh?
Oh, Paul, that'd be an act of real charity.
Until Satan has been utterly destroyed.
Praise the Lord!
Don't wait till tomorrow to send off your love donation, faith partners.
Don't wait till after the program.
Get your checkbook out now.
That's right.
Now, we've had a lot of requests for this little number, so while y'all are writing, Mary and I are going to be singing.
Mary?
Mary?

Mary?
Mary, have you got some money lying around?
Send Jesus some. Send Jesus some.
Instead of taking that wick out of town,
Send Jesus some. Send Jesus some.
It's on the money, not the wrong.
We'll be here to take your call...
I could relate to that, Don.
Hallelujah!
Can I be a Christian, warmonger?
Never heard of a holy war?
Fear of the commies is right up there with fear of God.
It says so in the Bible, apparently.
Send Jesus up.
Buy some insurance for when you get up.
Send Jesus up.
She's cute.
Send Jesus up.
The world needs a wake-up call.
We're gonna phone it in.
Perfect, isn't it?
We'll do anything to be rich.
Look around at the environment we live in.
Carbon dioxide, fluorocarbons, and methane have increased since 1958.
Earth is being acclimatized.
They are turning our atmosphere into their atmosphere.
What do these things want, and why are they here?
It's in their best interest.
They're free enterprises.
Earth is just another developing planet.
Their third world.
They're the ones who are going to be rich.

We are like a natural race to be the next.
Deplete the planet.
Move on to another.
They want benign indifference.
They want us growing.
We could be pets.
We could be food.
But all we really are is livestock.
But all we really are is livestock.
Livestock.
Livestock.
This is an encounter.
And everybody thinks I'm high and I ain't.
We also found out that who lives in the world is the highest.
And everybody thinks I'm high and I ain't.
And all these spontaneous movements.
And everybody thinks I'm high and I ain't.
We're out of poses.
And an oligarchy starts to rule that rules us.
And everybody thinks I'm high and I ain't.
From George Washington to George Bush, the oligarchy only grows stronger, and more resilient,
and more oppressive.
That elector, now ostensibly refuses to vote.
Actually, the government has no interest.
Although it has declared war on drugs it has no interest in winning this latest bill.
war. A war that will be lost like all the other wars they have pretended to fight because they
never have an interest in winning as opposed to expensively prosecuted war. The oligarchy does
not care whether the citizens make themselves sick with drugs or not. What the government wants is
simple. Total control over money is ultimately total control over each citizen. If this can be
got by discussing with a bill of rights, then that's a small price to pay for freedom. Freedom for the
few. In fact, the whole tone of the Reagan-Bush management is one of open hostility, contempt for our
ancient rights and potential.
The rich are fed up with the poor, and if the poor don't shape up, the rich just aren't going to take it anymore.
Then welcome to the anthill society and to our inglorious common death and respect, our used-up celestial matter.
Remember,
the rich are fed up with the poor, and if the poor don't shape up, the rich just aren't going to take it anymore. We are the first non-tax exempt church around. We're the first industrial church.
This is your last chance. This may be your only hope.
Little realized even by leading scientists, there are really only two races, actually two distinct species of
people.
And we'll talk about those two distinct species perhaps next week, perhaps not.
Who knows?
Dear listeners, you've been enjoying, I hope, the subgenius radio ministry hour of Slack.
And again, new listeners tonight with many, many questions.
The main one, as usual, are you guys for real?
Find out.
He didn't even really want to believe, I guess, that we did send out that free information.
And maybe that's why so many of you don't ask for it.
So, you know, take us up on it, dear friends.
Ask for that free information.
Just write to the address that I'm going to give you time to find your envelope before I give you tonight.
You ready?
Write to Bob at P.O. Box 140306 in...
Mighty, as we like to say.
Mighty.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
No need to send any money.
Just ask for that free information and you'll be surprised just how free it is at first.
Yeah, first hits always free, dear friends.
Stay tuned for that which must inevitably follow in whatever city you're listening to our show tonight in.
Stay tuned.
Imagine him falling for a gag like that.
Little Nimrod.
In a rage.
He's...
What a party!
Just being tired!
Of course we can legalize drugs and get rid of most of the problem, but where's the money in that?
But where's the money in that?
Where's the money in that?
Drug Czar William Bennett said he had no moral problem with beheading drug dealers.
Only legalization.
You crossed my line of debt!
You haven't dismantled your MX stockpile!
Pakistan is threatening my border!
That's it, buster! No more military aid!
Nuke them! Get them before they get you.
Another quality home game from Butler Brothers.
But where's the money in that?
But where's the money in that?
Where's the money in that?
Think your children are as innocent as a new puppy next door?
Well, they know something you don't know.
They know that their American forefathers took drugs.
And you probably don't even know where your father is.
But that sounds intriguing, you know?
But that sounds intriguing, you know?
But that sounds intriguing, you know?
But that sounds intriguing, you know?
But that sounds intriguing, you know?
You're a big shot!
You're a big shot!

But that sounds intriguing, you know?
But that sounds intriguing, you know?
But that sounds intriguing, you know?
Well, that's the power of the word of the Lord, Mary.
Amen!
I got a sexually frustrated teenager here.
What's going on?
Hey, what's happening?
Nothing. What's your problem?
Well, you're the one with the problem. Let's hear your problem.
No, I don't have any problems.
Sexually frustrated, right?
Never had a multiple.
Never had a multiple?

Never had a multiple?
Never.
Do you actually fear Bob at times?
Oh, no, not really.
Do you figure there's a reason for that?
Probably.
Bob can bring you to multiple orgasms.
Let's hear it.
Further, she enjoys wearing men's underwear, Fruit of the Loom, tight whitey.
Why is a gorgeous, gentle, red, red-eyed, blue-eyed, tie-dye?
Satan has been utterly destroyed.
Praise the Lord!
Put the CIA on it, man. Break a few knees.
That's the way they would have handled it in the old days, you know?
I mean...
No, it's not true at all. I don't believe it. It's just a good thing to say.
You know, it's kind of like the Kowski story.
The more stuff you believe in, the better off you are.
Even if it's for ridiculous things like Jim and Timmy Baker, I totally understand why people send in the money.
It's because they're not smart enough to spend the money.
The poor and the rich, the young and the old, be smeared with guiltless gore.
They mustn't panic.
No time for regrets. The Congress wants more.
Rebellion, the awful realization of it, assails us.
Who is to command us all?
My name does not matter.
I have my misgivings, little experience.
There's no sleep for us. All is chaos.
But it's better than we dared hope.
The slaves to buy their freedom with army pay.
Our insubordinate, undisciplined New Englanders are beginning to obey orders.
One comment. No comment.
I want a drink!
Rostow bombed out, I think.
What?
I've...
The New Englanders
The New Englanders
The New Englanders
The New Englanders
The New Englanders
The New Englanders
The New Englanders
The New Englanders
captains of the government
are 750 dried out adults,
the Canadians to keep a record



Welcome to alleg 1991.

fries Apple smart trick
in common with everyveer
online SEO closed code
But the still larger surprise was that one of them comes up and says,
all right, girly, we're off.
Oh, no, she said, yes.
He said, look, it's happened.
You've given your promise, and we've done the work.
