Let's hear about that radio show.
Amazing, isn't it?
Listen.
I'm wondering about that voice we heard on the radio.
I think, hmm.
The color of these hot butter rum martinis.
I'd like to talk about...
And here's the only person listening to the show tonight.
Yeah, I'm coming.
Okay, good.
Look at this surface seething and bumping.
There's enormous bubbles.
See, the rest of our listeners are machines like this.
Let's go up to the top.
They made so much money in their regular day jobs
that they were able to fend off these legal problems for years.
Rely on your intelligence and on your memory.
And think about the case as it was.
You have to say the underlying word correctly.
But how many of you are really genuinely intelligent?
So there.
Bang.
Put a dual display on.
Uh, uh, over to you.
Uh.
Puzzling.
Kill me.
Huh?
Kill me.
Kill me.
I don't know what you're saying.
Kill me!
Okay!
Why not?
Good luck.
Oh, uh, no, in fact, I'm not ready at all.
Uh, uh, I am, uh, and I, uh, I, uh,
uh, I am, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, oh, goodness me.
Uh, I have no idea how I, uh, I came by this number.
I've, I am at present having a numbers, um, uh, uh, Dr. Howe's, I mean, uh, I don't sound
like him at all.
No.
I'm presently having, um, phone numbers dialed at random by this, uh, scumbag person who
I'm allowing to, uh, use my phone at the present time.
And he is, uh, taking over everything and dialing up people.
And it appears to be dialing up doctors.


doctors of the air for some strange reason.
I guess him being his own person, he can do that.
It's too bad I couldn't talk to you under the better context
because I am in fact a great fan of the subgenius church.
But my friend, when I mentioned that,
began dialing these numbers and putting me on the phone
and then running away.
And I am extremely annoyed by all this.
However, he is no friend of mine.
And I hope sincerely you will do your best
to erase your memory of all this
and can merely continue to make the shows as bad as you can
and abuse the callers and listen for Guy the caller
because he will be waiting to be abused more than the rest.
So we go universe somewhere,
somewhere out there where there's a show.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius.
What?
Including you.
Welcome potential initiates
and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
...to infinite numbers of segundae and wiegandes
and every week of Monday until ,
«ously get your breath heave away

And the great Asher back of Evolution 3-4,
この司 titled
There he is.
Okay, now Philo's gone crazy in Production Studio 1.
Looks like they're isolating the area, pulling the doctors out of there.
Well, they don't have long to live here on KPFA.
I can tell you that.
Or here on 848-9374.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
My brain was blasted.
My head feeling thick.
My eyeballs protruded, but I didn't get sick.
We packed up my piss, but we kept seeing dots.
Then we found that the peak had gotten all the best spots.
So we got high, so high.
Dark, dark mountains.
Yeah, we got high, so high.
Dark, dark mountains.
Yeah, we got high, so high.
The people were happy.
They were all having fun.
While Dr. Sir Bob was farming skulls in the sun.
The corpses were swinging.
Their love did abound.
The average corpse floated a foot off the ground.
The band that cared not was speaking his name.
While the doctors on the clamshell were claiming their fame.
Spark dog explosion and combo game.
A youngどもibo explored himself煮 vida.

continué внимание anew of life and the hopes of survival.



Realizing the actual power of feeling was limited.

while Dr. Sir Bob was following him.
The people were thinking about g � spoilage to the rest during the time and that on the maintainingался
Ah, yes, dear friends, the swinging love corpses.
I'm gonna go back and I'll even meet the Pope.
Better make it to Dark Stock or just give up hope.
The dead will be walking, maybe Bob will appear.
The sound of chainsaws will be all that you hear.
Now I'm gonna go back and I won't be stopped.
I'm gonna go back to smoke the ultimate fraud.
You just can't imagine what it's like to go when reality's on hold.
And Dark Stock says go!
We got high!
High!
Dark Stock now says.
We got high!
High!
High!
High!
Dark Stock!
We got high!


Oh, yeah.
I went way up high on Dark Stock Mountain.
I climbed down.
I climbed up all the way to the top.
I took everything you could think of.
I shot beer.
I smoked heroin.
I started marijuana.
I stuck, I stuck, uh,
I stuck glue.
I put, uh, um, barbiturate suppositories in my rectal cavity.
Uh, yes, dear friends and Dr. Drummond can't tell you everything else that he did because
you just don't even wanna know.
The Swingin' Love Corpses is there live somewhere from the album Soak Your Butt.
And well, we're, at last, we've been defending the church and subgenius so much lately we're
just gonna tear it to pieces tonight.
And you know that means it's one of those old-fashioned doctor shows.
Oh, you hear, be hearing from all those mighty nasty characters, particularly Puzzling Evidence,
Dr. Howell.
The show opened, by the way, with a nice little new edit by Puzzling Evidence.
There's a lot more of that coming up.
Um, uh, yeah.
Oh, okay.
So, I don't know, they better do something fast.
And what happens to it's gonna happen to you?
All the people I meet and talk to, all the places I go, no one's ever walked up to me
and say, hey, you wanna buy some cigarettes?
Acuérdeme, Rubén, al ratito.
De qué me donde el fo?
De meterlo al toilet.
Walking in the sun.
Walking in the sun.

Sunshine, sing a little sunshine song.
Can't sit and negotiate.
You don't do the wrong, you feel terrible, like you, like you're gonna die.
And I know all the reasons for it.
I know every single reason for it.
Then you have the basic honk.
And the goose honk.
I'll be giving to every adult in the service.
I'll be giving to every adult in the service.

Ooh.
I'll be giving to every adult in the service.
They read myagens and they love me.


Where'd I have gone out thatilate?
Man 1 Hello?
Man 3 Seems like last morning when he said something else.


No, just when you acknowledge.
He was able to pick it up in a hurry because I'm ill.
And Hugh peppers some oyuniana.
No.

Because everyday becoming much more practical for my inspiration.
But I'm fascinated to know that.
You got too happyStopsm kara yome.
Oh, I never get kingdoms!
Stuff is more.

My car is done.
When you are stealing that extra ball
Bob, what a relief. How are you doing tonight?
His name is Bob. Bob is not the illegitimate son of Michael Jackson.
Take it from me.
Billy Dee is not Mr. Bob.
Come on, how many? Come on, Bob.
How many posts do you think is for Michael, Bob?
Come on, Bob. Come on.
Will seven be enough, Bob?
They call him Bob Doves.
Yeah, I call him Bobo.
He was the leather man at a time when leather was nothing but wingtip shoes.
He led the way, brothers.
He was a lonely pioneer in those days.
I remember.
At first, a fricose, sore-footed shoe salesman.
One day he was a tinkering with a television set of his own design
when he messed around with the back and got himself a huge shock through the coil
that we call the divine immaculation.
But...
You know, his very name rings with magic.
Half human, half sprite, he saw the future
and could transform himself into any form
merely by conjuring up the image in his mind.
The great Dobs used his mystical powers to aid the forces of righteousness,
honor and virtue of Gesundheit
and to shape the splendid visions of his noble king, Stan.
But when the tragic end of Dobstown drew near,
many say that the heart-sick Dobs sought refuge
with a tiny, tiddling poodle.
She gave him comfort
and sheltered him in a tree
to rest safely until needed by the show once more.
What's going on here?
Yeah, why don't we...
It's later than you think.
Aye, the terrible, spittin' vengeance of Bob's mighty staff
shall scour clean this planet
and the all-pervading radio system.

The radioactive pastiche of his boundless supernatural love.
Wake up, open your heart, drop your pants,
close your mind and bend over
because he'll be kicking and taking names,
dear brothers and sisters.
He'll be struggling and gasping,
his face will turn blue,
then Bob will pitch over on the floor
in the grip of a massive coronary thrombosis.
And we will be there to see that event
and to record it for you.
As it was at the beginning of time.
So a man with a pop and a grin
hauled in the new morning light
grinnin'
Come on, sing along now.
Grinnin' with me like a mad man
and he made me uptight
I told him don't bother me anymore
but he kept on just the same
till I was totally brainwashed
Bob is his name
He's great.
Bob is my story
Bob is my song
Bob's my amphetamine
all the day long
I won't tear my poster of Bob's down
I'll feel no sadness or shame
till I behold him in Bob's town
Bob is his name
He has no lack of humor
He's patented slack
for those of his following fold
He is the friend of whoever will send
greenbacks a go
He's growing stronger and stronger
He'll get all the credit and blame
I'll be a big boy no longer
Bob is his name
This is a sad affair
Bob is his name
My Bob's bigger than yours
My Bob's bigger than yours
My Bob's bigger than yours
My Bob's bigger than yours
Watch out!
The Bob!
It's loose!
It's coming this way!
Back!
Back!
I created you!
Back!
Back!
Back!
Back!

So, uh, so is Daniel, does he like what you do?
I don't think he cares for it much, but
Blast him, huh?
He sounds very unhappy on this recent hour of slack, I'll tell ya.
I'd love to hear that.
I know that he says that.


He says in his book, you know, working for Bob is hell, so
even though he's not directly working for me, he certainly was influenced by me, and, uh,
We entertain them and provide content for their shows, and they think it's free.
They think the electric environment is free.
Now, I make the point it is free, but you gotta deal with the, uh, old industrial heritage,
the visual environment of money.
So, I don't wanna have idiots calling me up and wanna talk to me who don't even, uh,
read the liner notes, don't read my book, they have no interest in my knowledge,
they just sort of are interested in the subgenius connection, the staying connection.
And, uh, I'm more interested in talking about what I'm about, and what, what my, uh,
tetrad management is, and what I'm trying to explain to people.
And so, if you're really interested, pay for it.
How do the people of Saturn feel about you being the head of the solar system?
Under, um, popular government, the figures for certain grounds.
So, when the ground is the solar secret government, 1945, the front being the United Nations,
the popular government front is national government all over the world.
Now, friends, you can't accuse us of not giving this...
This is the counterfeit Bob, this is the counterfeit Bob in Canada, Bob Dean,
who says he's Bob Dobbs, says that we based everything on him.
Don't say we never gave him a chance to speak.
...with the solar stage at the front.
Then in 1977, you have mass man as the secret government, it's the ground,
and the figures for that are the solar popular government and the universe as stage.
So, by 77, Sat, Saturn is absorbed in the solar figure.
Because you have universe stage.
And then the fourth level, second coming, which is today,
but this was put together in 85, so today is every, any point since 85,
you have the popular government is universal, and that includes the extraterrestrial contact.
And the front is the mythic stage.
The mythic stage is the hidden thing for the universal government.
So the universal government is absorbed by now.
After all, we are depending from J.R. Bob Dobbs,
the secret government, is the salvation that in 57,
aratos, indeed, is the secrets to human power.
Two satellites Probst, Joe De secondary.
The avaient of neutron Pret clarification with steels.
And that was a part of the mission.
We end this book here and all about.
operating properly. Normally, it would return a system of standard operating...
Oh, you're giving away church secrets. This is nuts, man.
...the visual amplifier. Don't listen to him. He's giving away church secrets.
Don't listen, don't listen, don't listen.
...designed to...
Oh, wait a minute. Does Alice figure in
any of this? Alice?
Alice? I don't know Alice.
...visual transmitter associated 22kV...
Ah, you're fading out. You can't triangulate on your signal.
Speak into the rectifier.
Unfortunately, the visual and aural power supplies are identical in appearance...
I don't know how long this static storm is going to continue.
...high voltage contactor stuck in the opposition...
I'm out of contact. He's out of control.
...high voltage. He's got a mind of his own.
...main target.
...
...



...
...





Oh no you don't, oh no you don't, Rudy!
Rudy Swartz Project, dear friends!
Whooping away in the background there.
Joe Newman, our beloved friend Joe Newman, whooping that out on his Rudy Schwartz Project album.
The Rudy Schwartz Project, Don't Get Charred, Get Puffy, and...
Oh, I'm going to switch that off.
Yeah, tell you what's been going on.
Since the last time I talked, I ran an edit of just some, well, radio shorts, you might call them.
Radio shorts by Radio Shorts, or Brain Rock West.
Our new friends out there in San Francisco, cutting some wild radio stuff.
And then some more KPFA, Dr. Howl, Howling Away in the Airwaves, from the edits by Phineas Narco, if you ever encounter.
You'll hear him.

You'll notice that one in your Subgenius catalog, a reference to that tape.
A little slip there of Bob Dean, the counterfeit Bob, the thief in Toronto, who's decided that he really invented the church of the subgenius.
And what we're hearing in the background right now, and what I think I'm going to let carry us over to side two of show.
So I can get to the basic Bobby Hayton rant here.
This is Joe Newman in the background on Zug's Riffs album.
Actually, it's the Zug's band on a new Zug's Riffs album, which we'll be playing a lot of.
It's called Villagers.
This is an instrumental song called Villagers.
Yes, the title song.
I'm going to shut up and just let them go.
Let them go.
Let them go.
Let them go.
Let them go.
Let them go.
Yes, and all the bibble babble we like to burble at the center of the universe.
So shines it with deep.
He's Bob.
He don't ever change.
He's Bob.
He always stays the same.
He's got the lightning and the thunder.
And he's got the neutron bomb.
Bob is your sister and your brother.
Bob's your dad and mom.
Bob.
He's Bob.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob.
Always will be Bob.
He's Bob.
He's Bob.
He's Bob.
He's Bob.
He's Bob.





Oh, it's obvious of course.
The world in general is an idiot's delight.
A contrived mediocrity designed to keep morons occupied.
Just look at the notorious conspiracy media.
Not the decoy reputable media.
That's just a distraction.
and window dressing to make things look good.
I mean the stuff people really read and really believe whether they admit it or not.
Look at the tabloids, the true crime magazines, the TV murder shows,
the two-inch thick metallic embossed covered hack sci-fi novels and romances,
lame movie thrillers, manufactured music personalities.
It's bread and circuses with politicians as the clowns.
Except the more fun you want to have, the more you have to pay.
Don't act like you haven't thought about how bad all that stuff sucks.
You talk about it all the time.
The question is, what are you going to do about it?
They, the conspiracy, want you to buy all their crap,
work hard all day at a mindless slave task
to make to pay for more machines.
To play their indoctrination programs on.
To fill your home with pseudo collectibles in a limited number edition of a godzillion.
You know all that!
We've told you and told you all that and if you don't believe it by now,
there's no hope for you at all.
And you might as well climb back over the fence and roll in the mud with the rest of the slavish porkers, right?
And so you say to yourself, okay, I know what the conspiracy wants from me.
I know how they work and what they do and I'm not
buying it.
By gabs, I'm not going to do what they tell me.
I'm throwing away my TV, smashing my porcelain thimble collection,
frisbee-ing my CDs off Lover's Leap and joining the radical anti-government party to learn how to make bombs.
I'm shaving my head and burning my house down and the more they tell me not to,
the more I'll laugh in their faces and echo the noble sentiments of whoever it was that said,
free at last, free at last, thank blob almighty, I'm free at last.
Right?
Sucker.
You think they didn't plan for that?
You think they'll be surprised huddling around their long mahogany table,
appalled that one tenth of one percent of the population has quote caught on unquote
and won't go up the slaughterhouse ramp like good little lambies?
Well, hardy har har.
Listen, they know they can't dupe everyone with the same bird brain programming system.
They know they're going to be a few.
You who are just sharp enough to shake themselves awake and look around to see the green pastures
and still waters they were lying down by are actually a clanking conveyor belt carrying them relentlessly toward the whirling blaze.
They had that worked out a long time ago.
They love it when the ones who see the horror of the conspiracy system go public with their ghastly revelations or join radical anarchist,
or otherwise render themselves entirely unbelievable.
Who do you think invented hippies, punk rock, anarchism, youth gangs, graffiti art, rock and roll, hallucinogenic drugs,
the new age movement, Christianity, cult films, alternative what have you?
Sure, it was some lone radical disillusioned soul at first, for about six months.
But by the time we heard about it,
it was already a pre-packaged,

official conspiracy product.
Oh, but the church of the subgenius is different, right?
It's neither a conspiracy mediocrity brainwashing program,
nor a dead end escapee trap.
Bob isn't just a cheap product,
or just a mind-numbing neurotic whip,
or a gaily painted prison cell of one sort or another
to confine drooling vidiots,
or raving reactionaries,
right?
Right?
Right?
Right?
Huh!
Wrong again.
Look, why don't you just give up trying to think it all,
little Miz and Mr. Einstein Jr.,
and pay attention!
The con has got all the bases covered.
It owns the ball and the ballpark.
Everything you can or will think or decide,
it has already got classified by numerical designation
on big spinning spools of half-inch.
Magnetic tape.
You sitting here listening to this right now,
thinking what you're thinking,
wearing those clothes in that environment,
tasting that particular taste in your mouth,
and hearing that particular tinny whine in your ear,
the one you don't always notice but which is always there,
they got a number for it.
Believe me, they got it all,
figured, dissected, classified,
and stuck in little boxes.
So what do I do, you may ask?
You can't win.
You can't outsmart them.
You can't think or do anything that they haven't already decided
you'll probably think or do.
You can't find a chink in their armor,
not even Bob,
because he is just another part of it all.
So it's time to pack it in.
Just give up and shoot yourself in the head
like you've been threatening to do
just to get attention and sympathy.
But this time, you really want to win.
And we'll do it.
And that, too, is just what they want you to do.
There really is no way out.
All that smash-the-conspiracy stuff is fun and amusing,
but putting your head under the machine's enormous clattering treads
isn't gonna slow it one tiny bit.
It's utterly, utterly hopeless.
Just stop fighting it.
Give up.
You're only making things harder for everyone.
All that kicking and screaming is only disturbing
the peaceful slumbers of the rest of us.
Oh, I'm not saying you should simply get in line
and walk under the hammer,
but if you can't do anything else,
you might as well try to see something positive about it.
Sure, the conspiracy program is cruel and demeaning.
The cage is cramped and ugly and smells bad,
but you can't get out.
And if you did get out, you'd just want right back in again,
because the thing that is making the situation intolerable
isn't in the situation.
It's in your head.
The scariest part of the conspiracy's lulling lies
is that they're all true.
Oh, not the ones about the products and how bad you need them.
I mean the ones about how life can be beautiful.
It's easier to go with the flow.
Things are better than they've ever been.
They know how true those are.
So they do anything they can to make those true truths
look stupid and childish.
They make Don't Worry, Be Happy into an insulting song,
ugly t-shirts, plastic hats, moronic coffee mugs,
so when somebody says it to you,
it makes you want to smash them in the face,
but you can't.
So you go buy a $3 shot of bar of gin instead
and worry miserably.
Oh, they make you want to kill Have a Nice Day
and then sell you the t-shirt with a shot and bleeding smiley face on it.
They'll make you hate love and love hate,
mock sincerity and honesty,
and sneer at genuine emotion.
Then they sell you $200 leather jackets
so you can prove you aren't a conspiracy zombie
like all those poor schmucks
who don't have skulls on their heads.
Or if you can't identify with either extreme of the haircut spectrum,
if they can't get you any other way,
if you're just a little too smart to be dumb
and a little too dumb to be smart,
and you're just about to fall through the cracks,
along comes Bob.
And then you read all about those real weirdos
who, even if they do wear uniforms and spout mottos,
wear intentionally self-mocking uniforms,
and spout irrelevant, confusing, and meaningless mottos.
Ma'am!
At last, you can think to yourself
or tell your uncomprehending friend,
at last there's a tiny spot in this big cold world
where I can feel at home.
At last, I've found a philosophy
that agrees to a certain degree
with the one I never really knew I had.
At last, I can just be honest with myself
and be who I really am.
Publicly and unafraid.
So you send lots of money to Bob
and buy t-shirts and buttons and tapes
and put on a divival,
have a radio show,
get a boy or girlfriend at last,
have the time of your life,
and never feel it
when the hammer finally does come down on your head.
Where'd it go?
Where'd it go?
So I'm through, so I'm through,
so I'm through, who's this guy?
Who's this guy?
Who's this guy?
I don't wanna hang around with him,
I want to sleep alone,
so my room will be mine,
without him no gr frost.
So we keep on turning here
until last night returns.
G piel hôn vivo nel rung
cheg birau
so I'm through
so I restnot夠

The ocean was found when a dog, approved by dog,
approved protection of dogs, approved by dog,
destruction of dogs, approved by dog,
amputation of dogs, approved by dog.
Dog poo, dog poo, dog poo, dog poo, dog poo, dog poo,
dog poo, dog poo, dog poo, dog poo.
The movement of those members, the Видal molecule,
You'll basically resemble a dab-dob, doc approved
Banning from the English or any other language the term dob, doc approved
Banning from the English language the term approved, doc approved
Banning of the linking of the word approved with the word doc, doc approved
You'll be assaulted with logic about the cord or evererve
Unattached is는 a person unloved until you move down in graduate school
The wordacs uression, meaning foam is really first, then the yin then theo
me
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.




I am important because

I am special because
when a evil thing
The Church of the New Faith.
The Church of the New Faith.
The Church of the New Faith.
The Church of the New Faith.
The Church of the New Faith.
Well, I think I'll let a girl group called the Starrills from California say it for me.
I'm on the rag!
Get me a Kotex!
How about a pamperin'?
I hate men!
I'm on the rag!
I'm on the rag!
I'm swollen like a pig!
Get me a pamperin'!
My boobs hurt!
I'm on the rag!
I'm on the rag!
Get me a Kotex!
I'm on the rag!
I hate you!
I hate me!
So I'm on the rag!
I'm on the rag!
I'm on the rag!
Get me a Kotex!
So I'm on the rag!
I hate you!
I hate me!
So I'm on the rag!
Get me a Kotex!

I'm on the rag!
I hate men.
Don't even think of it tonight.
Of course I'd be wearing white.
I want a rag.
I want a rag.
Get me a go-tick.
I want a rag.
I hate you.
I hate me.
I want a rag.
I want a rag.
I want a rag.
Get me a bathroom.
I want a rag.
I hate you.
I hate me.
I want a rag.
Get me a go-tick.
Get me a rag.
I'm on the rise, I'm on the rise
I hate you, I hate me
I'm on the rise, I'm on the rise
Get me a touch of
I'm on the rise, I hate you, I hate me
I'm on the rise
And I can go horseback riding and swimming
And even put it in my sock
Wow, I bet you couldn't tell that was a girl group that did that one, huh?
It wasn't L7 either
I heard that about three years ago
We were in L.A.
We'd come up from the San Diego Comic Convention to hang out
On Hollywood Freeway, coming into town
A station that was kind of a pirate station
In the 90s
21X out of Baja, California, Mexico
Played that
And somehow I learned the words real fast
I was driving the rental car, my head sticking out the window
And intoning those sacred words
But I'm sure Connie feels the same way
And looking around the vast amount of media influences
That we have here in the church
You can find all sorts of evidence of Connie
One of my favorite
Connys
And one of my favorite Connie incarnations
Is Tour of Satana and Faster Pussycat Kill
Kill the Immortal
Mortal
Oh, I'm wearing a Freudian slip, too
The Immortal Russ Meyer movie from 1966
And the Boss Tweeds
Did the theme song
You may
The Cramps
Not the
Not the Cramps that the Stirls have
But the group, the Cramps
You may remember
They did a cover of it
So let's hear the theme from Faster Pussycat
Kill Kill
kill by the boss.
Say uptown.
Say downtown.
Little nation of Serbia.
A singer.
A singer.
This sound is what caused your alacrity, your great humor and wit.
You're the fountainhead of your sputum.
Every morning is Halloween.
Every morning I get up and I put on that mask and I start scaring little kids.
And you go out there to life and you either get tricked or you get treated.
Yep, that's it.
It's one or the other, baby.
You trick and treat until you finally end up.
You won't be pretending to be a scary dead guy.
You really will be a scary dead guy.
I put a little blister in between.
My legs and the fries and the cheese.
There's two types of people in the world.
Those like to get tricked, those like to get treated, and those that can't count.
Oh, and the dead people.
Yeah.
So that's four.
Yeah, that's four.
What about the living dead people?
Oh, I knew you were going to come up with that.
The ones with the demons that speak from their navels.
Oh, hey, hey, it's patriotic time.
Yeah.
Okay, stand erect.
One nation, under-informed.
Get those shimmy knuckles off the floor, Sergeant.
I mean, private.
It's the pledge.
The pledge.
I pledge allegiance to the pyramid scheme.
And to the illusion for which it stands.
Private parts, put your hands back where they don't belong.
One nation in denial.
With error and access by all.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Bend over.
You know, I'm glad to hear...
Can you tell your radio audience to do that?
Yeah.
I pluck my lesions.
We can.
In the fog.
In the fog.
To a merry snake named America.
And to the res pubix on which it stands.
Berry and gold.
One nation.
Bright and shining like a stick.
Wow.
I'll run that up.
My flagpole.
Okay, Stan.
It's your turn now.
What a flagpole.
Yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Huh?
Impressive, huh?
Come on.
The music's speeding up.
Your pledge.
Your pledge.
Please.
This is my church.
There are others like it.
But this one is mine.
I will sleep with this church.
I will rape with this church.
I will live with this church.


I will lock and load this church.
Praise God.
Hail Saint Stupid.
Ay, ay, ay, ay.
I know, I know, but you know you never know.
I know, I know, but you know you never know.
I know, I know, but you know you never know.
I know, I know, but you never know.
If captured, I will reveal nothing but my underwear.
I shall show my lesions privately, and give only my name, rank, and serious numbers.
And then I shall be quiet again.
You got the rant part right.
I don't know.
I don't know if that's going to carry there on the heartland.
No, we've got to shave.
We've got to shave.
We've got to shave.
We've got to make it smooth around the edges for it to carry in the heartland.
It's got to have a lot of heart.
There's got to be cows.
There's got to be oxen.
There's got to be, like, women dressed like milkmaids.
There's got to be them farmer guys.
There's got to be a lot of guys with their muscles rolled up and their sleeves down.
We've got to, you know, the steel.
The steel.
The rust.
Where's the sizzle?
Show me the sizzle.
There it is.
There it is.
Oh, my God, there it was.
It came right out.
The face sizzled.
The sizzle.
And it's still flowing out from your chakras.
Relax now.
Close your eye.
That's right.
The San Francisco sound.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, it's just catching on out here in Ohio.
Yeah, it's about sucking.
Oh, you can't say that on the radio.
No, yeah, you can.
It's hell time.
Remember the songs by people with young and cold.
Come on, people.
Let's bomb together.
Let's all get together and bomb together.
We have to have a bomb circle.
Come on, let's hold our knuckles.
Let's have a bomb circle, yeah.
I'm bombing with you.
Let's turn to the north.
Praise the bombers from the north.
Praise the bombers from the north.
Praise the bombers from the south.
Praise the east.
The west.
Yes.
The four corners.
The bombers from the south are the napalmers.
The napalm bombers are the southern ones.
Let us salute the flak hackers of the west.
Shall we salute?
Where can you get those opium bombs?
Those would go over really good at a party, you know.
Actually, that's not opium.
It's this synthetic stuff that's 100 billion times more powerful than ours.
Used exclusively by the Russian defense forces.
And it's catching on in the rain.
They've seen.
I think they had some at Burning.
Very popular in Chechnya now.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
They just set off a bomb and people wandered through the clouds.
Take a few hostages and sit down for a nap.
That's what the flower children of 2002 are doing.
How many times were we buzz-bombed by the black helicopters
and yet could not conceal our pineal glands as they popped from our foreheads?
Detective Holmes, you just got back from Obscuristan, did you not?
I did.
I was on special assignment in Obscuristan, yes.
Can you tell us anything about that?
Because all we've heard is the mainstream, you know, media about those people.
Well, it's a very poor, one of those poor ex-Soviet republics.
It's so poor that a big wind came along and blew all the cops off
and now they've got to import sand.
They're the only desert nation that can import sand now.
And so we're trying to help them out.
And so we're having a sand drive.
A sand drive.
And so if you could go out into your neighborhoods and go to the sandboxes
and kitty litter boxes around the neighborhood
and then collect that and then send it in.
And here's the address, 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Wait a minute, what are you telling people to send?
Sand.
This is to help the poor people in Obscuristan.
They've lost their sand.
Oh.
And, you know, we promised them $9 billion worth of sand
and they still have not collected a single drop of sand.
Well, you know, 100,000 people marched on Washington last weekend
and you can't even imagine.









We hardly heard anything about it and nobody really...
Nobody told me about it, dude.
100,000 people.
I heard somebody pulled Trent Locke's pubic goatee at the Eastwood funeral.
I mean, at the funeral for Senator Locke.
I mean...
See www.subgenius.com
In church, well, not too many shave, but certainly many.
In fact, most women in Protestant churches do not wear hats.
And for several weeks thereafter,
they were touchinged by random ugly ladies with R THAT's.

and was a good friend of mine and I do nothing.
Even when I let in rural gratties,

and r that there was, of course,
some kickback in the RAMSAY's case,
which is также for you,
at least there was...
these programs have been saved or have been modified.
Did you hear that?
Yeah.
Bob is your sister and your brother.
Bob's your dad and mom.
Bob.
He's Bob.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob.
Always will be Bob.
Bob had a woman named Connie.
She was the best he found.
You'll think when she stand in the doorway, the sun was on the ground.
He's Bob.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob.
Always will be Bob.
This has been a test.
If Bob had actually died, you would have heard this sound.
If Bob dies, we will...
That was awesome.
Bob died.
Good job, Bob.
That guy scared me.
I'd like to put out a request for the caller that thinks that Fylo is the greatest showperson that's ever been on the show.
Well, perhaps that caller is lure him to contact us.
Let's find out here.
He moved.
I think he moved.
Hello? You're on the air?
Yes, I've been looking, looking for Simon.
Well, what about Dolly?

Dr. Philodrumon, did you have a question for him?
Oh, no, I didn't.
All right, ditch this loser.
There's a band hanging from the side of their face.
Well, so much for the callers at 848-4425.
Now one wildly insulted person is jumping up and down in front of the station with a shotgun,
ready to be off the famous subgenius radio personality.
They'll never take me alive.
You'll never get me.
You'll have to...
You'll have to pry the show out of your cold pink hands.
Sinbad had his prostate examined.
See men poke sticks at monsters.
See them battle the million skeletons.
All old, all dead before.
And don't miss appalling co-hit, The Big Monster.
Nothing could stop it, except dynamite.
And with our new virtual unreality imaging system, you too can have sex with Bart Simpson.
Play some Hypergeeks records. I want to hear Jane or Hypergeeks.
I want to hear The World of Fail.
I want to hear the number of...
I want to hear...
I want to hear...
I want to hear...
I want to hear...
I was talking to John Holmes the other day, and I said,
is that your penis or a post-old digger?
But seriously, no.
You know when they...
That was dedicated to Doug Smith on his show.
Poor Willa Dobbs got nailed for saying that very thing.
Yeah, you know, I was talking...
I don't know how to top that, except by saying you're listening to Radio Station...
90 to 90, the voice of the people.
