You can't stand no peace?
Oh!
Put those icons back!
Oh, there ain't no slack nowhere!
No slack!
Bob! Bob! Bob! Bob! Bob! Bob!
I'm a fear.
Bob! Bob!
The dead man! The dead man shall speak!
Are you experienced?
Yes.
Are you experienced with God?
Yes.
The apocalypse starts now.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to
is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of...
Uh, yes, dear friends, and we're continuing this evening with the footage from the X-Day...
Welcome to your...
Drill.
The amazing X-Day drill in, uh, Sherman, New York,
which we will hold every year from now till X-Day.
Well, that's only a couple more of them, but, uh, you weren't there and you missed it,
and, uh, maybe you'll be there next time, and...
And here's the footage, uh, yes.
Wow!
Whoa!
Slack!
Bob!
Hey!
Bob!
Pray!
Bob!
The apocalypse is going on.
Right now, all around you, everywhere you look, everywhere you see,
it's the constant, slow, steady degradation of mankind, of human society as we see it.
The breakdown of the family, the breakdown of the psyche,
the breakdown of individual responsibility is going on all around you,
and there's nothing you can do to stop it.
And that, my friends, is, in fact, the constant and present apocalypse.
I'm not part of it.
I'm not even necessarily promoting it or endorsing it.
I'm just here to entertain throughout.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm Andrew the Impale to the Zurich and Spockalypse Sideshow.
I thank you for your closeness.
I thank you for your patience.
And you're all sick bastards!
Woo!
Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye.
Woo!
Woo!
In the meantime, we have a special Alien O.D. show.


We have an update from some subgenius that traveled a long way to give you this Alien update.
Here they are.
Attention.
We have an update on the Alien status.
I'm the sixth Avatar of your Revenants.
Me and Tahooti are members of a heretofore secret organization,
a secret arm of Bob's Secret Service.
Woo!
And we have just received special orders that were signed by Bob prior to his extermination,
authorizing us to inform you of our existence
and to also give you information that will help you survive the upcoming X-Day.
Warning!
Warning!
The first thing I'd like to tell you is beware.
We have been informed through our intelligence agents.
That there are more than one type of Alien going to be here.
As we have revealed to us in the book Revelation X,
we know that there are more than one type of Alien intervening here on Earth,
trying to get fraught, trying to suck up the life energy of a human being.
We want to let you know that there is a way, our intelligence agents do tell us,
to be able to identify which Aliens you should travel toward or follow in the last days.

We have found through much experimentation that the Alien mindset works in a collective consciousness.
We have also found, as we all know, the subgenius has individuality
and works with rational self-interest.
Therefore, we have to be able to determine what the difference between the collective consciousness
and individuality is.
A lot of us look around and we see, you see on our armbands, the gray Alien, the Alien grays.
We have found out that the grays themselves, they are not human.
We know that.
They do not operate as we know entities to operate.
The grays are biological robots.
They work.
Through a connection telepathically with the collective consciousness computer.
This is the same computer that the Phobos probe was destroyed by.
The Phobos probe, I don't know how many of you know about this,
this has been something that the conspiracy has definitely covered up.
The Phobos probe has identified that this is the source of the grays' intelligence.
They have been storing things in the database there.
They have been abducting people and doing all their little work from there.
But we found that the exes themselves use these same entities, the same grays, to do their work.
So how can we tell the difference?
Well, we have been informed, like I said before, intelligence takes how informed it does.
Look for the grays that have the smile on their face.
That is the answer.
And with that, I turn the time over to Tahuti.
You know, we live in a time when we are going to be faced with making some hard choices.
We live in a time when the conspiracy will do its best to limit the choices that we have.
But today I'm here to tell you that I'm glad to be affiliated with Bob and Slack.
If you have no Slack, you have no life.
If you have no Slack, you have no reality.
As the aliens approach our planet, as the planetoid hell-bob approaches our planet,
we are going to be faced with some choices.
And I will leave you with that.
It's been a pleasure being around those who espouse Slack.
We have it.
Coming out this year is what the aliens want.
And so is this last year, Bob.
Thank you.
I'm sorry you had to wait there.
Sorry, green.
Oh, okay.
There's a connection.
When ask how long it's been since I saw the translation of this show,
I can't remember.
We are so excited.
I can't help about the shape the world's in
You're just trying to ruin it, I'm just trying to sin
But don't ask me to come save you
I might do some things you don't want me to
No, and I talked to Bobby, and he said,
You know, he just grins, ain't no use fighting it, cause he always wins
Ain't nothing that he can't do, if you won't do it yourself, he won't do it for you
Thank you.
Now, psychologists tell us, or at least they theorize,
that the reason most people loathe even the discussion of death
is that they are afraid of the pain that is associated with death.
That is to say, they're not really afraid of death per se.
They are afraid of the pain that they will experience while dying.
Well, friends, I'm here to tell you,
that that is a load of horse hockey.
The pain that you will experience dying
will be nothing compared to the pain that most of us will experience after death.
We're going to discuss that pain right here, right now, in great detail,
because the title of tonight's sermon is
Paying Your Dues to Dogs.
Now, I'd like to ask you,
how many of you out there right now know
that when you die, you're not going straight to hell?
Let's have a show of hands.
Now, if you feel that way, why so?
Is it because you sent in your $30 love offering?
Yeah!
Is it because you read all the subgenius books?
Yeah!
Is it because you're good buddies with one of Bob's sacred preachers?
Yeah!
Well, all these reasons don't mean nothing come Judgment Day.
Because Bob does not measure your importance
in how much money you spend on his merchandise,
or how much you read his books,
or how much suck you have with his spending buddies.
No, sir! No, sir!
Bob measures your worth in one way and one way only.
He asks, have you held his ministry?
In other words, have you paid your dues?
Now, you see, the majority of people,
pinks, normals, pseudo subgenius,
are all destined to hell.
That's just a plain, simple fact Bob foretold in his scriptures.
There's only so much space on those pleasure saucers come next day.
And the rest are all going to be left screaming.
Bob could have bought more pleasure saucers,
but what's the point?
He already knows the exact amount.
He knows the exact number of true subgenies.
And quite frankly, he doesn't want to waste the air or fuel on them.
The deadbeat bobbies and pseudo subgenies
are wannabe warriors for Wotan.
If you're trying to establish a utopian society,
the last thing you want to do is import problem people to the promised world.
Solution?
Leave them to fry in hell.
Now, some folks might think that's a little severe.
But look at the big picture.
Bob is a pioneer.
He's establishing a new frontier.
He can't afford the luxury of pity.
All excess baggage must be jettisoned.
It's as simple as that.
A simple fact.
You either gotta live with it or die.
So now I ask you again.
How many of you feel secure that you're not gonna go straight to hell when you die?
Uh, a little bit more. Hell yeah.
Is it fair, you might rightly ask,
that Bob saves only those who benefit his ministry?
I, for one, say yes.
Bob is up there in the heavens right now preparing us a utopian world.
While most of us sit around and do nothing but
let the little pimples on our butts grow and act sanctimonious.
So many subgenies expect to be pampered.
They want Bob to entertain them.
They want Bob to validate them.
They want Bob to save them.
But when Bob says save someone else, they say,
leave it to the preachers.
No, sir!
Bob wants you to save your neighbor!
Bob wants you to save your neighborhood!
Bob wants you to save your state!
Bob wants you to save your country!
Bob wants you to save the whole damn world!
It's not like he's asking you to try something he didn't!
Yes! Yes, it is hard.
But Bob isn't exactly on vacation either, friends.
I mean, you want rest?
You can rest July 5th, 1998.
You want reward?
He'll give you eternal life on a utopian world.
You, what's that?
You want more?
Well, how about a waiver from the fires of hell?
Fifty years ago, friends,
atom bombs incinerated over a hundred thousand people in less than a millisecond.
Most of their remains were nothing more than shadows burned into stone.
The unlucky living suffered unimaginable pain.
They refused food.
They refused water.
They wanted nothing but scissors to cut the hanging flaps off their raw, flustered bodies.
We've seen the pictures.
We've heard the testimony.
We know such pain as possible, and yet,
that pain is nothing.
Nothing!
Compared to the horrors of hell.
Because those Japanese, my friends,
had something that hell's inhabitants never had.
It's called hope.
The hope of death.
An end to their suffering.
There ain't none of that in hell, my friends.
The pain just keeps going on and on, day after day, year after year,
century after century, millennium after millennium,
with no relief in sight.
Sounds like a verse of a poem.
Kinda funny, ain't it?
You get eternal life either way.
You get eternal bliss,
or eternal torment.
Either way, it'll last forever.
But you alone must choose.
Not just with your words, my friends,
but with your deeds.
Will you serve Bob?
Or will you sit around and wait for Bob to serve you?
No one said it would be easy, my friends.
I didn't say it would be easy.
Stang didn't say it would be easy.
Bob Dodds didn't say it would be easy.
What we said is that it would be worth it.
If you doubt us,
go over there and start one of those little fires.
Get yourself a little skillet,
a little butter, and some salt.
There, maybe a little bit of salt.
Stir it up, get nice and hot.
Take your hand, roll up your sleeve,
don't wanna burn those sleeves.
Send it in the skillet,
and burn it to the bone!
Then imagine that pain all over your body
for millions and millions of years.
That is the alternative to Bob!
If you want it,
it's easy, my friends.
Just keep on going the way you are now,

It's so simple.
But don't say, whatever you do,
don't say you weren't warned.
Because I warned you.
And I warned you.
And I warned you, and you, and you too.
I warned you all because I devoted my life
to singing and screaming
and warning the word of Bob.
Because I know where I wanna go.
And if you wanna join me,
you better get on out there in that street corner
and start praising Bob
like your very life depends on it.
Because guess what?
It does.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Some folks, they'll mock us,
and they'll laugh.
But don't you worry.
Come July 5th, 1998,
they'll no longer be laughing.
They'll be begging.
Screaming for another chance!
A chance they were given,
but chose to ignore.
Here is the word of all praise for Bob!
Amen!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Wasn't that a Rock and Roll NHL song?
I was like,

It's from 킥
Where the hell is this?
Oh yeah!
Fuck!
This is what I want.
So if St. Andrew the Impaled doesn't show up, maybe I can do a little bit of it too.
We've got the cross.
We've got the cross. We're set up.
I'd like to start out with a couple quotes here.
First one is from our very own Reverend Adam Stank.
You know, hate is really what most religions are all about.
We're the only church that will come right out and admit it.
Emo Phillips from my home state of Illinois said,
Why hate anyone because of their race, religion, color, or creed,
when there are so many real reasons to hate people?
You can hate them because they're drumming until 4 o'clock in the morning,
or you can hate them because they're traveling 30 miles per hour down the speedway
when you're trying to go 75 thinking,
I'm gonna be late for Doc Stock, I'm gonna be late for Doc Stock.
Yeah, I don't know what they know.
But those are two quotes to chew, swallow, digest, and excrete, my friends.
What more can be said?
I've just about had it with these humans hating each other for superficial reasons.
I'm tired of their egocentric views where people only wish to one-up each other,
boosting their little human egos by stepping on as many others as they can.
I'm sick and tired of hearing about childish bickering,
adolescent bullying,
adolescent whining,
and immature crying from those who demand respect and reverence
because they have a piece of paper saying that their mind is still okay.
I'm tired of it.
I won't even give them the time of day, children.
I will.
In this age, on the verge of this new global awareness,
this rainbow-gathering piece of life is a bolt of cherries.
Hippie love.
We should be ascertaining new levels of hatred,
new pace of dislike for these people.
I proclaim myself to be one of these new breed of haters.
And I'm damn proud of it.
I can even be considered to be politically correct by modern day standards.
You see, I'm cultivating a global hatred to go right along with this global community that the normals want to set up.
I hate everybody equally.
That sounds like equality, doesn't it?
I hate each and every person with the same passion as I would bestow love and respect upon any of my current deities, including Bob.
I am a human racist.
I hate the human race.
Part, parcel, no.
I hate specific people, groups of people, cliques of people, masses of people, nations of people,
countries of people, nations of people,
continents of people.
I don't need any other reason for my prejudice other than that they are all part of the human race.
I'm sick of them.
I tell them to go back to where they came from, but that wouldn't do that much, would it?
I'm definitely a minority disbander.
Because I'm not of their race.
I am of the subgenius race.
And therefore, better.
But why be limited to humans, okay?
Why be species specific?
In order to continue the evolution of this hatred, I must willfully and completely devote myself to hating even more.
I must hate every form of life on this planet, from this grass which I'm slipping on when I'm trying to find my way back to my tent,
to the mosquitoes which suck my blood like vampire aliens from the planet X.
Or Y, or Z, or any other planet.
I hate vegetation, animals, bacteria, and virite.
Everything from the common cold to the giant whale.
From the lowest algae to the mighty oak tree.
Everything that consumes anything at all.
I hate.
Now I hate everything living on the planet.
Why be limited by that?
I should be hating rocks, the ones that I trip over on my way back to the tent.
I should be hating the tree that I accidentally run into.
I should be hating the car that the old oldie going 30 miles per hour down the road is.
I hate everything on this stupid little pit stop of a planet.
And that's the reason why, that's the reason why I'm happy.
Because I'm rejoicing that there's only two more years, children.
Two more years.
Two more years.
Two more years.
Until the aliens come down and rescue me.
They save me by the grace of God and with money.
Two more years.
Two more years.
Praise God.
By the smoke of this dollar bill.
Praise God.
I can find my lighter amongst all the condoms which have been given to me.
Piss off.
Praise condoms.
Praise condoms.
Anybody else?
Thank you.
They're gonna kill us all.
Burn that bill.
By the smoke of this dollar bill, I hereby cleanse the planet.
Smoke that bill.
Ready.
Burn baby, burn baby, burn baby, burn.
Praise God, children.
Praise God.
So long as smoke comes up from the millions and millions of dollars being sent to the church.
Don't you know that's what your $30 are going for?
Stangs burning them, aren't you?
All of them.
As long as that smoke rises up to the heavens, we know that we are still saved.
And in the meantime, keep hating, children.
Keep hating.
Keep up the hate.
Keep the peace.
Do it.
Go on.
Keep your light on.
That's fun.

I guess old St. Andrew might just hi make a preacher, after all.
hears the great film The Human.
St. And just came across.
There you go, brought the
house.
Hey Mike Doll.
Hey Develop.
Thank you.
There's a man with a pipe over there
Telling me I got to beware
It's time to stop the calm, give it back
Every subgenius must have slack
The final plan's being made
Jehovah One has got to be paid
July 5
1998
Sauce is coming
And you can bet they won't be late
We got to stop the calm, give it back
Every subgenius must have slack
How can I ever get
Any slack
When the calm still zips
Well to hell
With them
And they
Get jobs
I'm signing up
With Jehovah's
We got to stop the calm, give it back
Every subgenius must have slack
There might be one other way
If only Dobbs
Can manage to pay
He can smash
The conspiracy
See
There's
a man результат
Not muslim
Oh
This is my
My
Yes
This is my
My
Come on here
Yes, dear friends, and we've been listening to recordings from the X-Day Drill, 1996.
What have we heard? Jehovah Hates Fred, Andrew the Impaled,
the Luciferian Liberation Front there, Avatar and Tehuti ranting,
an incredible Papa Joe Mama rant paying your dues to Dobbs,
an unbelievable St. Andrew rant about hate,
and of course, friends, the good Dr. Dinosaur accompanied by Steve Slack whipping out the hits,
and now the Swingin' Love Corps is live.
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Mr. Iridium, since I saw you asking Cleveland to try and pick up on your name, Iridium, the name of the asteroid that destroyed the dinosaurs, this one will destroy back!
Damn!
Look up in the sky! Two years from now, there will be lights. Not these little lights above us on the roof. No! Large lights! And they will come down and they will burn the pinks!
I hear a burn! Burn!
The absence will be here too.
Formicato!
Smells like fish. Tastes like chicken. Squeals like a pig.
Must be a normal.
Where is this?
In a few months, the humans will choose a new leader upon whom to tie the bell of leadership so they can follow him around the world.

We're going to run in a circle.
Brothers and sisters, I'm here to tell you something. We're doing something different this election.
We're electing the sub-president of the United States!
Not one! Not a handful!
I want every single one of you to be sub-president!
We're going to run this vote the American way!
Hail to the Chief!
One vote! One vote!
One dollar!
Everybody that wants to be elected, whether they want it or not, one dollar, one vote.
You have a vote, come this November when the pinks pick one, you're it.
And you know what happens? They get one.
We get thousands!
We'll outnumber them! We'll have presidents sitting in the backyard.
We'll have presidents drinking beer. We'll have one in the White House.
And we'll have thousands up and down the street.
They won't be able to keep track of us.
Free Los Angeles!
They'll try to kill all of us. They've killed me twice so far this month!
Yes!
There'll be more to come for this, kids.
And I'm looking forward to sharing a lot more of it with you.
I'm so damn happy to see y'all here!
I want y'all to know, I love ya! Bob loves ya!
And The Conspiracy wants to love ya to death!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Praise Dr. Dinosaur! Praise a doctor like you!
Praise셨hegiller!
Praise Steve Slack! Praise Susan DeFluzie! Praise Pastor Craig! Praise the poor crazy woman!
It's about time we're sick of hearing about Bob. Let's see somebody bleed. We don't want to hear about Bob.
Oh, my brothers and my sisters and my in-betweeners and my album owners and all parts north, south, east and west.
And I sense a lot of slack in the room tonight. Oh, and that's a good thing because friends, it is hard to get slack today.
It is hard to keep your faith today. It is hard to be an abnormal. Because the con tries to bring it out, the pigs try to bring it out, and life tries to bring it down.
And it can be hard when we're all going up against you. But friends, we have a secret weapon. We have a secret power. A special power. We have the subgenius ego.
And like no pink ego can, it enables us to be the subgenius ego.

It enables us to completely take over our surroundings, to dominate our environment, and to collapse the will of the pink around us.
When you walk into one of these pink or stylish paints and you unlock the mental barriers around your ego, it whips forth, finally filling the room.
Not unlike Roseanne Barr taking off her bra. The pink egos around you are sublimated into it. Their little tiny egos get sucked in.
Oh, our pink egos. Oh, yeah, they think they're so good. They have that entire, they have that ego built up, crushing on the people.
That little tiny thing. But the subgenius ego knows that it is better. We know that we're superior and we're where our ego comes up against their ego.
It is not a contest. This contest was won before it was even started. It sucks it in and uses it as fuel.
And at that point, you dominate that mall. You rule that restaurant. You have taken over that entire state.
At that point, you realize that you do not need anything else. You realize that you have the power of slack. The power of the Yeti. The power of the agents.
The power of Atlantis. The power of your ego. The power of your soul. The power of yourself, friends.
And you don't need anything else. You become your own short duration personal savior.
Trying slack off of yourself. Realizing that you are fueling your own self. And as you do that, you grow in power.
And as you grow in power, your savior grows in power. And that encourages you to grow in power. Causing your recursive loop. Causes the slack to build up.
Infinitely. Recursively. There is the clothes behind you. Setting you shooting far. In a massive wave of slack. Overrolling. Steam rolling. They were the pinks.
Like they were absolutely nothing. At that point, you realize, truly, that you are the bullet. And Bob is the gun.
And nothing you say or do is going to change that. So friends, it's up to you to decide what kind of bullet you're going to be.
Are you going to be a little tiny soft boar pea-shooter ammo for Bob?
Or are you going to suck yourself up to be a magnum jacketed, shape-charged warhead, teflon coated, cop-killing, smart-laced, bullet-fur Bob?
I'm a little nervous as you might tell. I'm a bit of an introvert.
What do you want? Don't you want the rebel gods to watch as your face slams into the side of the con, exploding with it while the others tingle all around it?
Don't you want to be cheered on throughout the universe? Don't you realize that there is not even anything you have to do?
You don't even have to be aggressive. You have to try. You are not the one pulling the bullet. You are pulling the trigger. You aren't even aiming the gun.
You're just a bullet. All you have to do is shake yourself up to the best goddamn bullet you can be.
And there is that. Pardon me.
You know how you surround yourself. Let your slack ooze out of you. Let it come up as a stench covering you until you can't walk down the street without all the pigs turning their heads because there's that, that, that.
What is it? I don't know what it's wrong about. I don't know. I can't tell. It's just something. It's slack, my friends. Surrounding you like a thick visor on a magnum jacket.
Pump up your caliber.
Increase your powder. Focus your hate.
Hate the con for what it is. Hate the pigs for what they are. Hate Bob for treating you like a shitwad.
Hate your parents for the bacon you the pathetic fuck you have been, are now, or will be.
And then hate me for putting you in your place. And then hate yourself for not hating enough.
When you slam a little hate down on the world, you can rise above it long enough to take that final shot right down the middle and shoot to kill.
Don't let them stop you. Surround yourself with a tough line plan.
Make yourself separate. Relax in the safety of your own delusions.
Die face first into that wall. Pull it over your eyes and realize that you are truly better than them.
You are superior. Your kind will prevail.
It's all a joke. Yeah, who's supplying the punchline?
They're gonna find out in two years as they can't stop you while you slam directly through.
What kind of bullet are you gonna be? You need to hone your slack. Focus your hate. Pull that wall.
Don't just become high caliber. Become Excalibur!
Yeah!
Watch as the rebel guys watch as all the others are bouncing off as you fly through their ducts and decimate the headquarters.
Friends, the hammer is cocked. The chamber is loaded. The finger is tensing. It is your move.
BK!
Move...it silk!
Yes chamber! Come in!
When the beasts are boomin'!
That's what I wanted with Sausage. Those alien Nampo orgies.
That's what brought me here.
Actually, we got a really special treat.
A couple of our favorite subgenius honey babes
come up and do a special demonstration for us.
Suzie the Fruzie and Cheshire.
Here they are.
Take it away.
We all know that color is going to be a drag,
but all you need to know is how to put one on with your mouth.
Now that's entertainment.
And educational too.
We take this ring as a symbol of the holy estate of marriage
and of the shackles, the veritable handcuffs of wedlock,
as well as of the pole going deep into the hole repeatedly.
Now, install the rings. Good. That's good.
Now, by the authority invested in me by J.R. Bob Dobson
in defiance, defiance of the laws of state, nature, and God itself,
I now pronounce you man, wife, and thing, and whatever it is,
for the next 12 hours, you must now kiss each other.
And, uh, okay. That's real romantic.
That's just beautiful.
You are now duly authorized and excused for sexual couplings
of any, any, perverse, unspeakable kind for the period of 12 hours,
starting exactly now at 1 minute after 12 midnight.
And if you don't consummate this thing,
you make a sick fuckery at the sacred institution of marriage.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, it is done.
Amen, a women and a yelly. Praise God!
Praise God!
Mercy, Kelly, take it down now.
Okay, we've got that over with.
We owe you a child!
We owe you a child!
We owe you a child!
We owe you a child!
We owe you a child!
Oh, my God.
There's already this unholy wedlock has already produced a child.
It's the shortest gestation period in the world.
It's a boy!
Okay, okay.
It's a boy!
It's a boy!
It's a sick and perverted looking boy
dressed in a girl's dress with evil goth makeup on.
I'm just kidding these days, man.
Praise Betsy! Praise Betsy!
I'm just so glad that when I was young,
all it, all it required was love.
You didn't have to get the staples in your cheek
or the bars through your pecker and all that stuff.
Praise God!
Praise God!
Well you thought you found your savior and you sent your thirty dollars in
But now you're stuck in Pinkville and it seems that you just can't win
Well there's nothing that the con won't pull to make you use their will
And if you try too hard you can't enjoy your sin
Don't it seem that slack just keeps getting harder to find
And now the con can drive you right out of your mind
Cause you lose the will to think and turn into a pig
You just find your slack
Yeah
Well you think you're lucky cause you found some yetim's nymph
Or something like that
But what the con took out they can't put back in
No matter what you do you'll have to get it all from you
You'll find out it's all for slack and you'll run out again
Don't it seem that slack just keeps getting harder to find
And now the con can drive you right out of your mind
Before you lose the will to think and turn into a pig
Yeah you need your slack
And if you face the con keeps taking you have to make it yourself
Or else he'll take it all away
And oh well that slack just keeps getting harder to find
And now the con can drive you right out of your mind
Before you lose the will to think and turn into a pig
Don't it seem that slack just keeps getting harder to find
And now the con can drive you right out of your mind
Before you lose the will to think and turn into a pig
You gotta get your slack
Okay
Yeah!
Yeah!
That was a good one!
My turn now!
Maybe I could give a little reaction to how he started
Okay yeah
You know you're so old it's kind of difficult to do anything



And I still show you these slacks
I've seen these on it
Oh it's called screw up
Hello, there you are!
that they are actually shambling,
the people unmentionable, unthinkable,
they,
you,
Jehovah,
you,
and me.
Alien and still.
Still, that is very wrong.
Your uncle, Brian, is going to see.
What are you saying? What are you proposing?
Proposing I'm proposing that you be proud of me, your God.
Go.
Go.
Get him on stress.
He did drag that poor boy away.
The cold thing is in the mist.
The combination.
The fire is the priest.
The politics.
The horrors.
Do you doubt?
Then go outside.
Go out and say how he do.
Mrs. Carmody, you are going to have to stop.
There are children here.
They're going to be born again.
What chance is that?
I'll sacrifice.
Oh, right.
Shut up.
I'm going to have to go out and say,
I'm going to have to go out and say,
I'm going to have to go out and say,
I can't go that far.

Oh, come on, Mr.
Plow.
Little man.
You like trees.
Your eyes are covered in pollen.
Hey, take your seen down.
Come on, hey.
To hold a hate threat, I thought you could try.
To hold a hate threat ain't about pants now,
to hold a hate threat ain't about proving,
to hold a hate threat ain't about feeling,
to hold a hate threat is only about feeling.
To hold a hate threat is what we are,
there's no real way we're still going on here,
it's only true, and yours, and mine.
To hold a hate threat is only real,
the message comes in.
So play that music, you funky white boy,
like you mean it.
. . .
. . .


. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
This will be our pink cover tune section.
We'll take requests, any requests from the audience?
Your favorite pink cover tune?
Purple Haze!
Purple Haze.
. . .
. . .
It has to be one that fits our tone.

Girl from Ipanema.
. . .



We're still under interests to hear
Let me think about it. There's got to be a song you remember for this drum beat.
What drum beat? Billy Jean!
This one.
Rubble, hey!
Oh!
Oh, hey!
Oh, no, no, it's going to get hard.
Okay, let's see.
Sweet Home Alabama!
Come on.
Mississippi Queen!
Okay, let's see.
Spoke on the water!
What's that a new?
Rocket Man!
No, no, no, that's not going to work.
Can you guys do William Shatner singing Rocket Man?
Yeah.
Okay, yeah.
Rocket Man, Rocket Man, Rocket Man
My favorite was Mr. Tambourine Man.
That was before your time, Sonny.
Country, take me home country road.
Okay, John Denver, anyone a John Denver fan out there?
Rocky Mountain High!
Rocky Mountain High!
Rocky Mountain High.
Who's next?
Me!
Me!
Me!
Me!
Me!
Me!
Me!
Me!
Me!
Me!
Me!
Me!
Me!


Dr. Gibson!
Hey, friends, how you doing?
Hi!
I'm John Smollett.
I knew you could be here to witness such an amazing spectacle of slack.
My God, that Dr. Gyn...
Dinosaur!
What the hell is he talking about?
He's up there.
He's gonna talk about Bob or give a conspiracy rant or just try to feed y'all with a little bit of slack.
Now, he's gonna stand up here and talk to you about a little thing called the prima donna project.
Now, this is just a spin-off sort of thing.
I'll try it out, you know, along here, see how it goes.
See, when I was thinking about the idea, people say there are no prima donnas left in the church.
Well, after what you've seen tonight, you might have a second thing coming, right?
I mean, come on, give it up.
It was great, right?
Yeah!
Yeah!
How many of you wanted to do the same?
How many of you in the small of your back and in the top of your peen plant thought,
hmm, I could do that.
That could be me.
I could be a subgenius preacher.
Yeah!
Well, first, you'll have to become a subgenius prima donna, and we all know there are no prima donnas left.
You can't be a prima donna!
The one who came in here and was gonna give us talk about prima donnas, I thought, hmm,
well, what does a prima donna mean to all of you?
I thought, well, first I'll have to figure out what a prima donna means to me.
Barbra Streisand.
Barbra Streisand, Moe Howard, Einstein, Hendrix, Mozart, they're all prima donnas.
I'm not comparing myself to any of those guys.
I mean, there's no contest.
But what I'm saying is that these prima donnas, they seem to have that something that nobody else does.
Like?
It's more than just a schtick.
It's more than just a gimmick.
I mean, everybody uses gimmicks to get by.
But a prima donna, you know, just has something, it's something about them.
But it's no more than you or I or anybody else has.
Oh, he's, uh, he was, he said he was like...
But to really develop it, to really develop your prima donna ability, you know, in order to, you know,
as a short-term goal before you decide to become a subgenius prima donna,
before you decide to become an ass-kicking, pulpit-pounding subgenius preacher for Bob,
what you're gonna have to do is, is just, just calm down for a minute.
Alright?
Yeah, you're gonna have to calm down.
You're gonna have to, you're just gonna have to get down on your knees and consult your Bob land
and think to yourself, well, why do I want to be a prima donna?
Why do I want to be a subgenius prima donna?
Why do I want to be a prima donna?
For the slack?
I mean, is that really a good enough reason for the slack?
No!
Oh, there are other reasons.
There are other reasons.
If you find one, I mean, let us know.
Don't.
But, uh, you know, when you get up there, and, uh, you're gonna have to think to yourself,
well, what do I know about what it means to be a prima donna?
What do I know about what it means to be a subgenius?
And the answer's pretty simple.
You know something that everybody else knows, but wants to get from you.
See, it seems to me...
You know, I'm not gonna say especially this generation.
Throughout all mankind's history, people have needed prima donnas to get up there and show
them what it means to truly live.
People have needed the weirdos and the mutants to stand up and explain in very simple terms
what it means to be alive, what it means to exist.
And they're not.
And the prima donnas are the only ones that can do that.
And the Church of the Subgenius, we're an organization that's committed to producing prima donnas.
So if you don't want to, you don't have to get up there and be a subgenius preacher.
If you don't want to, you can just sit back, relax, and let us tell you how to live.
Okay. Thanks.
Now, if you don't want to stand up for what you believe in and your value systems and for your way of living,
an easy way to get started on the path is to send $30 to P.O. Box 1403-06, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Bob will protect you.
And Bob will protect you.
He'll give you the starter kit that you need to be on your way to truly expressing yourself.
It'll be for a good cause.
It'll be for the slack.
It'll be for the general slack.
And you have to get slack to give slack.
And when you do that, you'll lose sight of your heroes.
They'll kind of drop away one by one.
I mean, you'll get to see them from a distance.
Hendrix and Elvis and Zappa and Mozart and Pat Benatar.
What are you looking at me when you say Pat Benatar?
You'll no longer think of them as heroes.
You'll no longer think of them as prima donnas.
Because you'll have a complete, a thorough, an immediate understanding of what it was that they were all about.
And all it costs is $30, friends.
I get a feeling that I'm kind of preaching to the gods.
I'm pretty converted here.
I mean, I assume all of you do have your $30 membership cards, don't you?
I mean, if you don't have that membership card in the wild, how do you think you're going to protect yourself from the conspiracy
when they activate that tick of fear that they implanted in your mind at age three?
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
See you later!
See you later!
The words are easy.
A little campfire sing-along.
Goes like this.
You know the words, right?
B-O-B!
B-O-B!
B-O-B!
B-O-B!
B-O-B!
B-O-B!

B-O-B!

B-O-B!
That's it.
influential
Vin Diesel
Vin Diesel
Vin Diesel
Ah!
Ah!
X-Tase are coming!
And the pigs are coming!
Yeah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!

Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Things like all we ever do is eat, get stoned,
and watch the tube, man.
