You're normally such a slacker.
It's the first time you've heard of him.
Are all four of you guys in here?
Is Phil in there?
He just, yeah, yeah.
Can we?
Doing with four?
Yeah, all four.
Okay.
What are we doing?
How do we?
This is, this is.
Oh, yeah.
They'll do the comedy.
How about this is Phil, Phil, Pete, and Dave of the Firesign Theater.
Okay.
This is Phil.
Phil.
Let's take it again.
Oh, Pete and Dave.
Okay, there we go, yeah.
All right, you over here?
You just shut up.
This is Phil.
Phil.
Pete.
And Dave of the Firesign Theater.
And we're listening to The Hour of Slack.
Because we're subgeniuses.
And we're slacking off.
Tonight on the show, we're going to have the Thumb Brothers, Hangnail and Sneaky.
They're going to be with us.
Wonderful, wonderful.
Oh, the I Ching for this evening.
We might as well get to this in the slow part of the show here at the beginning.
Deliverance.
When heaven and earth deliver themselves, thunder and rain set in.
When the thunder and rain set in, the seed pods of all fruits, plants, and trees
break open.
The time of deliverance is great indeed.
That's wonderful to hear.
Very good indeed.
Yes, yes, yes.
And friends, this episode of Hour of Slack is dedicated to the late St. Phil Austin of
the Firesign Theater, who boarded his escape saucer last Friday, June 18th, the year the
conspiracy calls 2015.
He had evidently been fighting several forms of cancer without letting on in public, so
it was unexpected to most of his fans.
He was 74.
And the Firesign Theater, well, later in the show, we'll get into what the Firesign Theater
means to the Church of the Subgenius.
But Phil Austin was the only member of that group that I never met, although I doubt if
Proctor and Bergman remember me.
I was a baby and barely remember myself.
But Phil Austin is the guy who is famous for the character Nick Danger, private detective,
and also as Happy Harry Cox, the New Age radio host who explained that everything you know
is wrong.
And I could play excerpts from those classics, but that's what everybody's doing who owes
their radio career to the four or five crazy guys of the Firesign Theater.
So instead, for the next 20 minutes or so, I'm going to play cuts you probably haven't
heard before.
These all come from one Firesign Theater radio hour-hour show broadcast on KPFK in Los Angeles,
February 15th, 1970.
Goodness.
I was a junior in high school.
That's negative.
Five months.
Yeah.
Yeah.











And these all come from that one show.
I went through looking for the Phil Austin-centric parts.
And ironically, in 2012, I scoured this very same episode for Peter Bergman clips for the
show that we devoted to him when he died, leaving only now Phil Proctor and Reverend
David Ostman from the original cast.
Anyway, here is a bunch of old Firesign Theater.
and mostly Phil Austin.
Praise Bob.
Yes?
That was a nice break.
You have some correspondence?
I could read finally after all three weeks of promising.
I shall read a Richard Brodigan poem real fast and loud.
Fast and loud. Let's hear it.
I like to think, in the sooner the better, of a cybernetic meadow
where mammals and computers live together in mutually programming harmony
like pure water touching clear sky.
I like to think, right now please, of a cybernetic forest
filled with pines and electronics
where deer stroll peacefully past computers
as if they were flowers with spinning blossoms.
I like to think, it has to be, of a cybernetic ecology
where we are free of our labors and joined back to nature,
returned to our mammal brothers and sisters
and all watched over by machines of loving grace.
Aw, that's a nice idea.
I like his head.
In the midst of the melon mountain there is a wonderful place called Pearville,
not far away from Banana Glade.
People can easily find Munchy Melon, Barnaby Banana, Corky Corn,
Punchy Pineapple, Percy Pear, and Sassy Strawberry
living there in a happy and blissful way.
They do not even know the meaning of sorrow or suffering
and all people feel happy when they look at them.
They look at their cheerful and funny looking faces.
It's all right, it's all right.
The electrician pulled the plug.
Okay, now let's see.
The next act is going to be, the first song here is
Renee, Psychic Image, Oh Renee.
Volume 1, page 45, Dr. Will Irvick, Irvick Publishing House.
Now this is the way it goes.
Staging, soft instrumental background with stage movements of dance, mime, acting, cast,
and Mr. X taking position.
That's me.
Okay.
All right, now the next song here is That Earthbound Spirit
followed by Renee, Psychic Image, Oh Renee.
Renee said, Mr. X, you sing Renee, Psychic Image.
Don't bother to go through it now, Henry.
Now, as Mr. X finishes singing, the center stage becomes intermittently misty
with greenish highlights and a fantasy with dance mime cast.
And Mr. X in choreography through several repeats of Renee
and That Earthbound Spirit with key transpositions, background instrumental.
While this center stage activity continues,
Mrs. X dramatically speaks the following as she leaves her chair for the second time
and goes to perimeter lighted window overlooking the dance cast center stage scene.
Mrs. X, present century dress.
That haunting melody places me in a period of French history
and this present life consciousness of occurrence simultaneously.
Those sounds not only serve as the thread of continuum of past century to present,
but are related to my courtship before marriage.
Through several superimposed levels of awareness manifesting
as I address this ESP clairvoyant image of mind
and as I remember doing before and praying for same to be in my life.
Oh, I do thank God for the vision while acknowledging the act and it was done.
And I'm partly responsible for having been drawn to this circumstance again and again in various lives.
But I must escape this trap. I must change things.
And the first thing I must change is my consciousness.
She's fading.
Has stopped her feet.
She's fading away.
And coming to me.
She's going off mine.
Him to be coming.
The big question.
Who wrote the book of love?
That's the big question.
Who wrote the book of love?
I want to be the weather man and let the people know
if the sun is coming out or if it's going to snow.
Sorry folks, no weather again today.
But whether I say the weather is cold or whether I say the weather is hot,
it all depends on whether or not I am the weather man.
There are only two things in the world.
What are they? What? What?
Unity.
Yes.
And duality.
Let's hear it.
Oh boy.
At one time, but I have changed my mind now, I thought I was going to write a little note at the top of each of these poems.
In the manner of Mr. William Wordsworth, who liked to tell his readers where he was staying
and which of his friends he was walking with and what he was thinking about when the idea of writing his poem came to him.
You will find some lines about a swan here, if you get as far as that.
And I should have explained to you in the note that Christopher Robin, who feeds this swan in the mornings,
has given him the name of Pooh.
This is a very fine name for a swan because if you call him and he doesn't come,
which is a thing swans are good at,
then you can pretend that you were just saying Pooh to show how little you wanted him.
Well, I don't know.
I should have told you that there are six cows who come down to Pooh's lake every afternoon to graze.
And of course they say Moo as they come.
So I thought to myself one fine day, walking with my friend Christopher Robin,
Moo rhymes with Pooh.
Surely there's a bit of poetry to be got out of that.
Well then I began to think about the swan on his lake and at first I thought how lucky it was that his name was Pooh.
And then I didn't think about that anymore and the poem came out quite differently from what I intended.
And all I can say for it now is that if it hadn't been for Christopher Robin, I shouldn't have written it.
Which indeed is all I can say for any of the others.
Toot toot toot toot toot toot.
What cryonic services are available to you?
Only CryoSpan offers all of the following services.
Pre-suspension counseling.
Negotiation with hospital personnel.
Transfer of patient to our treatment facility.
Preparation and initial cool down of the body.
Initial storage at minus 110 degrees Fahrenheit.
Assistance in arranging for memorial services.
Permanent storage at minus 320 degrees Fahrenheit in our suspension module.
Indefinite custodial care at our storage facilities.
Compilation and maintenance of patient's records.
Handling of publicity in accordance with family's wishes.
Up to date information on the life extension services.
And post suspension counseling on future developments.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen.
CryoSpan. Suspension is for you.
Who are thrilled by miraculous and ever accelerating progress of science and technology.
It is for those who believe that such electrifying feats as the Congress of the Moon and heart transmendations
are merely precursors of infinitely greater things to come in the incredible drama of human development.
CryoSpan is for those who want to be a part of our future.
Who want to contribute to and enjoy the wonders of the fantastic world of tomorrow.
Cryonic suspension is for you.
Like manusc-
If I was trapped in another world-



I'm left with nothing except rere Ф are mymates.



I hate yous.
Oh damn, this is the Department of Christmas presents I forgot to give David.
Wow, down Mamrie Lane, tout automotive!
For you, David, here is this.
A small cellophane bag of what I think are Chinese non doctelike mushrooms.
labeled Cloud Ears.
Cloud Ears?
Cloud Ears, two ounces.
It was the war against the Cloud Clan.
That was the booty.
Oh, that's nice.
Being sold now in Chinatown in Los Angeles.
I'll pin it up above my desk along with the rest of the ears.
Right.
Thank you.
As ears go by, it's an old-fashioned joke.
Come in.
Dialogue lesson number 72 from New Vaudeville Jokes.
Well, that's the way you get through sector C.
You have to play out the day.
That's the day.
You've got to say,
Hey, fisti vigina, lassi vigina, e la mai passi a porta.
And the guy goes,
That's okay, that's fine, let him through.
And if you miss,
Well, you know, you've seen what they do to those cars.
They make them into little cubes.
Really?
You've seen it, haven't you?
Then they play with them.
I'm not saying they do it.
I'm just saying you've seen it.
Oh, come on, man.
I haven't seen that.
I know, I know.
Seen what?
The cars and the little cubes.
And the visions.
I saw them in the movie.
I have dreams about people throwing long metal spears now, man.
When I go to bed at night,
just before I go to bed,
I put myself in some place like a fantasy, right?
And as I begin to drift off,
sometimes I see myself liked with Gandalf
and making the trip against the darkness.
And now I've got this thing with the spears.
The cast as Timmy Harper.
Cute, expressive face.
Wasp looking.
As Mrs.
Harper.
30.
Warm, typical homemaker type.
As Mr.
Harper.
Sympathetic, average Joe Blue collar.
So long, Mr.
Harper.
Ralph Cartwright was played by.
Negro, mature for his years.
Billy Kwong.
Nine, Chinese, well-dressed.
Little Mario.
Nine, Italian looking, poor but proud.
Kirby.
Bye, Mario.
Jewish looking, dressed up, short suit.
Little Mike.
Goodbye.
Irish face, freckles, red hair.
Good old Pete.
See you next week.
Looks like Mike's your brother.
Another helper.
Eight.
Negro.
And another little helper.
Eight.
And dark, somber.
Little Mary was played by.
Corn wave, old.
And the policeman.
40.
Kindly.
And now here's a special important emergency message from Ed Zane of the Small Animals Administration.
That serves him right.
Oh, Mr.
Oh.
Oh.
Yeah.
There comes a...
Woody Brown here.
Mrs. Gunderson.
Mrs. Gunderson.
Yeah.
Who that is.
Mr. Mutt.
Yeah.
Oh, right all the way up.
What can I do you?
All the way up Spine Hill.
Well, well, well.
Just here, let me rest my arm here on the...
You just sit down there, Mrs. Gunderson.
You take it easy now.
I'm looking for some liver.
Liver, are you?
I'd like two pounds of liver and a crock rear.
Oh, just a second.
Before you get to that, Mutt, would you hand me some of those police slung shots and billies?
Oh, well, yeah.
They're right over here.
Listen, I can take care of that with you.
Talking about billies.
You take care of old Mrs. Gunderson over there, okay?
Yeah, yeah.
Take care of Mrs. Gunderson's liver.
I'll get those police hooks.
What were those?
Police slung shots and billies.
Slung shots and billies.
Yes, I can, I can, I can find that.
How about get a couple of decoys, Jux, while you're back there?
Oh, yeah.
I'll just, I'll just sit down here on the glass eggs.
Yes, sirree.
Are these lard containers supposed to be here, Chops?
That's Vaseline.
Lard containers.
Yeah.
No, no.
That's the cow Vaseline.
What about the paprika?
Cow Vaseline.
What about the paprika there?
Oh, this paprika, a Hungarian worm.
It goes next to the chives, freeze-dried.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I forgot to tell you now, we need a, we need a reorder, you know, on number 237.
The man's not.
Oh, have you got any batteries for the electric belts, you fool me?
Oh, you, you've been wearing, you've been wearing them electric belts?
Yes.
Oh.
Or do they do anything for your, for your manly virility?
Yeah, for my grunt.
They do?
Yes.
Oh, I've been, I've been.
How many of those can you get for, for like $10, which is what I got to spend on?
Electric belts?
Electric belts, that's what I want.
Well, look, here's a 295 peerless vapor bath cabinet.
Oh, yeah.
Like our brown bath cabinet number two, or maybe a milk oil sheep dip.
I think that we should have some of those.
Do you have any low hawks?
Low hawks?
No, I don't, Mrs. Feverstam.
I'm afraid that we ate them all.
Oh, no.
Yes, well, times have been hard.
We sent out for an order of slug festers, and we got back instead those car hooks.
Oh, listen, baby Timmy's got the dropsy on his eyes.
Tell me something.
Yes, I'll tell you anything.
I understand that your grandmother's strung out.
Strung out, yes.
Yeah, I walked by her house the other day.
I noticed she's walking around.
She's got clothes hanging on all the lines.
I've been out there for over a month.
That's because she's got the weeps.
Is that what it is?
She's walking around the house naked, you know.
Yeah, that's right, weeping out of every pore in her body.
Well, I hope she gets better.
I hope she gets better.
Oh, just a minute now, bud.
Listen, that's an obner.
I thought you were supposed to be back at the smokehouse smoking.
Why, don't hit on me, Mrs. Fendon.
You're the only slave I've got.
Well, I'd come in to see if you got any junior warden's female pills for all female diseases.
Nabner, Nabner, that's what you come in here for, little Nabner.
Well, maybe you could give me some of that Dr. Hammond's knife and brain pills.
Is this for your mistress there, Nabner?
Yeah, I'd like a couple half dozen of genuine.
Diamond herb laxative tea, too.
Well, that's up on the top there.
You get it up there, you can find it.
Mr. Mutt, would you pick me up a couple of gross police slung shots and billets?
Oh, we sold those already.
They's already gone, I'm afraid.
Mr. Mutt, this liver is spotted.
Oh, it's all right, as long as it's not great.
I mean, I'd like one of them double action revolvers.
I think I'd like one of them new service double action revolvers.
I was trying to get this one.
I think maybe I'd like one of them.
Well, there's a grocery store.

I'm going to butcher them up there.
I'm going to crush it on the frontier and target re-revolvers.
There's no way he's out to make up for it.
I can't get on that.
Somebody gave him an opportunity.
That's why he's getting on my nerves.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.










I'm Scott Carpenter, and I'm attaching a balloon to this car.
That's not a balloon, Scott.
No, no, no, no.
That's not a balloon.
That's a pencil holder.
No, it's not.
They keep dead fish in those.
Dead fish in automobiles.
Acapulco gold.
Acid.
Football.
High on drugs.
Acid rock groups.
Wigging wishers.
Acid test.
Are you holding?
To destroy.
Zap.
Artillery.
Freak out.
Astral.
Backtrack.
W-E-B.
New Boys Club.
Bad Cat.
Students for Democratic Breath.
Get high.
Progressive Labor Pity.
Barbs.
Goldust.
Bad Cat Bag.
Bagman Bang.
Fixed.
The Fifth Columnist Party.
Berkley Barb.
Bernice.
Big John.
Buy Guy.
Bindle.
Bids.
Blanks.
Blasted.
Blaster.
Blow a stick.
Blowing one's mind.
Blue Devil.
Victim of Hustle.
Blue Velvet.
Velvet.
Bombido.
Meaning vodka that contains LSD.
Grifo.
Hooster.
By many to be the most readily available servial of the chemicals.
Group Grope.
Will the servial of the chemicals please come forward?
Gun.
Guru.
Here at the Free University, the fraternity of man wishes to initiate you into the great
cosmic brotherhood.
That's 1966 revisited.
Hey, I get it.
You're not the professor anymore, you clown.
I'm not?
This is a free university, you bum.
All right, if I'm not the professor anymore, then who's the professor?
Well, who wants to wear that?
Is it something?
Is it something?

Who wants to carry on the great tradition of education?
You bums.
You kids.
I'm dropping out.
I am running for president.
Goodbye.
It had been night.
It had been dark night.
Silver birds had flown through the night.
Their wingtips had brushed me.
Their wingtips had brushed my face.
Now it was dawn.
Now I knew it was dawn.
It was dawn.
It was dawning.
It was getting darker.
It was getting darker.
I knew it was dawning.



It was getting darker.
It was getting darker.
It was getting darker where it was night.
It was getting darker where it was night.
I knew it was dawning.
I was sitting on the diesel engine.
My back was warm from the diesel engine.
My back was warm from the locomotive.
I was the keeper of the locomotive.
It was dawn.
It was dawning.
I was yawning.
It was an all night job.
It was an all night job in the train yards.
It was by the highway.
It was over by the highway.
It was over by the highway ninety nine.
It was underneath the sign that says,
said Highway 99. It was underneath the Highway 99 sign. Anyway, the sun came up. The sun was coming
up. It was getting higher in the sky. The sky was turning golden. It was the golden sky. It was the
pearl sky. It was our father, the sun. It was the golden sky. It was his pearl sky. Now those birds,
they flew through the dawn. It was like fish leaping in the high country. It was like trout
going about their business in the morning. It was like rainbow trout leaping in the morning.
It was rainbow trout leaping through the dawn. It was the scales of our brother, the fish. He came
leaping through the dawn. He had come back to us safe. He had been away from us. He had come back
to us. He had come back to us to make us happy. It was happy. It was like birds flying in the dawn.
I was sitting on the locomotive. I had my feet and my boots hooked in the guardrail.
I was a young man that morning. I was taking the locomotive
to the המι funky iron orр be bem su永 gnaс ağq. Gnaq was έn phộialandg vinn, gnaw gnaw hiäed at where his come from hёл.
to its shed. It had been night. It had been a short run. It had been a short run from Kalinga.
It had been a short run from Chowchilla. It had been a short run from Tulare. It had been a short
run from Dinuba. It was making me happy. I have been remembering it ever since. I have been trying
to say it ever since. Now I have said it again. Now I am finished.
Let's see. Tonight, the Firesign Theater Radio Hour Hour was brought to you by
Annie Price.
Yes, we'll make a map.
By the people who are worried about covering the lower half of their body.
By the Department of Forest Paving.
New Actor Jokes by I. and M. Ottenheimer.
Major Mad Massen Moon Mission, a big little book.
The First Man.
Matsumori's Notebook from the New Yorker.
I had both harmonicas, but cold fevers complete.
From the radio.
The Colors.
The
Thank you, John. Thank you, John.
Tell it like it is. The truth.
Tar. Opium.
Thank you.
Now you thank you in pursue of Japanese millions,
and the
I am our enough perfect this long.
Ahem.
It was the nose-tongue and she was useful.
Oh.
P recovering for the uy it.
That's it right there.



How are you?



Feel.
ред
Oh, yes, dear friends.
A bit of the Firesign Theater with a focus on their late member, Phil Austin,
who has skipped ahead for X-Day to wherever the great saints go to party.
I remember the first time I heard a Firesign Theater album, Princess Wee.
It was the second album, and I was only 15, and I was at some theater kid's house.
And by that, I mean somebody involved with my high school's theater club,
and somebody who probably had sophisticated older theater-type siblings who knew about
things like Tom Lehrer.
And the Firesign Theater.
And while we sat and listened to that stuff in the dark, I remember thinking,
this must be what smoking pot is like.
And a few months later, I proved myself right.
And you know, if I had not heard that album that night, I might today be a very highly
paid, suicidal movie star.
I'm not going to be a movie special effects technician in Hollywood instead of a slackful,
sacred scribe of a weird cult in Cleveland, married to a princess from outer space.
So thanks, Phil, Phil, Pete, and Dave.
You guys probably saved my life.
I don't know where I'd be without the Firesign Theater.
On the other hand, I was looking at that, I was cleaning up my room and unearthed one
of my Zap comics from my collection.

I don't know where I'd be without the underground comics.
I'm pretty sure if any of those things had been missing, I wouldn't be working for the
Church of the Subgenius now.
I wouldn't even be able to understand Bob at all.
And there was a lot of things that were like that, not just underground comics and the
Firesign Theater, but see if you can think of any others like this.
Robert Anton Wilson and Robert Shay and their book Illuminatus.
Which included some of the stuff from the Discordians, which I originally thought they
had made up themselves.
Frank Zappa.
Ray Harryhausen.
The great special effects, the Three Stooges.
The Warner Brothers cartoons.
Mammy and Pappy.
Oh, and Dr. Philo Drummond, I suppose.
All of their influences are inestimable.
I'm not sure.
Yeah.
So, I guess it's a list that never ends.
A list of sinners.
As Bob, well actually it wasn't Bob that said this.
Titor Gumphreys, you haven't heard this one yet.
Titor Gumphreys spouted something.
Said, Bob loves the sin, but hates the sinner.
And it looks like one of those sinners is finally calling in.
I'm not alone.
This is not a coincidence.
Hello?
I'm not alone.
It is.
Hello.
It is.
And I just got a message I believe from you.
Well, I don't believe in what you're saying, but I believe from you.
Saying, what the hell are you doing?
It's 927.
We were just talking about Phil Austin and the Firesign Theater.
Yes.
And I played a bunch of their stuff.
Yes.
And I then described how the...
I think it's the...



In my case, I owed my existence as a subgenius to not just the Firesign Theater, but other
things as well.
But I have a feeling, Dave, that you, me, puzzling evidence, Dr. Howell, and a whole
mess of other subgeniuses wouldn't even know what to do with the microphone if it weren't
for those guys.
Yes.
I would concur with said monitors.
It's totally, completely false.
It's true.
It's completely true what you said.
And just think it's the second Firesigner now, who were all named after the Firesigns
of the astrological, zoological chart.
The other one was Peter Bergman, who was actually a Cleveland lad in his ladhood before being
summoned to the great comedian in the sky, I suppose.
And now this.
So there's only two left.
There's...
There's Osman and who else now?
Phil Proctor.
Osman and Proctor are still alive.
Yep.
Yep.
In fact, it was...
I heard on...
I heard the news that this happened Friday, and I heard the news on Facebook by way of
Paul Mavridis, by way of Phil Proctor.
Paul had forwarded Proctor's message, and that's how I got it.
Wow.
Yeah.
Apparently, it was fairly unexpected.
Yeah.
I mean, I think he was a little bit disappointed by everybody but Phil Austin and probably
his wife, Una.
So...
Yeah.
But it is true what you said that many folks who...
Now, there is really nothing like what Firesign did and continues to do.
And think of the early days of the first four albums and stuff, and how they actually predicted
everything that's going on right now without having a computer to work with.
Indeed.
It is true.
Oh, no.
You mean people could work without computers?
Apparently.
How did that ever happen?
They used a lot of paper.
They used a lot of paper.
They cut down a lot of trees.
And to roll their marijuana cigarettes in, I bet.
Mm-hmm.
And they were prophetic.
Prophetic.
And they were profound.
And profound.
And they're preferred by nine out of ten ladies and gentlemen.
Absolutely.
Well, actually, they're unknown to most ladies and gentlemen.
But they're preferred by the group that is the core of the group.









I mean, they're part of the core of my social circle right now.
If it hadn't been for Firesign Theater, I'm not sure what any of those folks would have
been doing.
Oh, they'd have gotten in big trouble.
They've kept them off the streets.
Yes.
And they're still reciting those albums.
They absolutely are.
Ad nauseum.
Yes.
Well, you know, this was kind of before your time, Dave.
But at Starwood, we used to have a little group every year called the Firesign Clones.
And we would do...
We would read through their radio plays.
We would go up on stage.
I was one one year and I flunked.
Wilson Bomb fired me because, well, I read the wrong line at the wrong time.
And I said, did we get to Goshen yet?
And that wasn't the right line for that moment.
And everybody looked at me.
And then someone else said the other line.
And then they said, are we to Goshen?
Are we to Goshen?
Why are we to Goshen?
So I...
In my youth, I recall like there would be like ten stumble bum musicians in a room.








From different bands.
And somebody would play Firesign Theater.
And like three of the musicians would go and huddle by the stereo and sit there transfixed
and not say anything.
And the rest of the musicians would all take drugs and chase women and do all the bad things
musicians do.
Why not both?
It was just like, well, yeah, yeah, that's funny.
Right, right.
Yeah.
What is it again?
Meanwhile, the other three are being in and being in with this insanity and spew out
all the lines at a moment's notice from the next day on.
For the rest of their lives.
Like we're all Bosers on this bus, all that stuff.
Right.
They were the first ones who said that so we could say it.
Right.
Well, they were the first ones to write complex, surreal radio plays.
Plus they did the improv live radio stuff that we try to do.
Yes.
Those are two different types of things.
Their albums are very different from their live radio shows.
They glean their materials.

From their KPFK.
And you know, did you know that all of their early shows, all four years, 1970 through
74, are available with a book called The Duke of Madness Motors that came out about four
or five years ago from Sealand Records.
That's the Negative Land Friends and FiresignTheatre.com.
And a guy, our friend, Reverend Taylor Jessen, who accumulated all of this material and
put all of those shows in high quality MP3s all on one big DVD, which comes or came with
the book Duke of Madness Motors.
And that's what we listened to a little tiny fraction of tonight.
Lucky consumers.
Now here's something funny from this book.
And, uh, and I'm going to read it to you.

And there's little interviews or statements from all four of the four or five crazy guys.
Um, here's Phil Austin talking about doing the shows.
We smoked pot all through those radio shows.
The Dear Friends album has me smoking pot on the cover for God's sake.
This is the period when we were sitting around, uh, writing around a big table at my house
in Silver Lake.
And we'd stare at my film cereal posters.
And smoke huge amounts of really good, cheap marijuana.
Laughs.
People would buy it in huge paper bags for a dollar or something.
Pot didn't affect our intelligence.
It just broke down the barriers of logical transitions.
There was a strong intellectual stance on non-associative transitions in all the arts
at that point.
Dance, theater, music, rock and roll, everything.
So if somebody wanted to pop up and run in some direction.
Theoretically, three other guys were going to run after him.
Nobody was going to sit there going, wait a minute, this isn't going to get me a job
writing on the Mary Tyler Moore show.
We were operating in an absolute hippie ethos love fest, giving up our individual egos and
having the Firesign Theater up front.
And we're all so grateful that they smoked that much to produce so much.
Who says who in this, in this noble decal.
I'm sorry.

You know, Kate Cr relação em agora, qualificar do seu ar 강



se val mee ir cá com o People take on a stroke of marijuana next thing you know.
You won't want to do anything.
Meanwhile, I came out with what, like 900 albums or something like that.
Yeah.
I mean, were still thing.
One of them sold millions of copies.
Proctor at home and vakरevna has his own little thing that we keep.
My brains, Kultur we we fixa.
He still does a little column called Planet Proctor that you see in some weeklies and the Funny Times.
And they were doing podcasts.
The phony detective guy.
What's his name?
Nick Danger.
Nick Danger.
Yes, I'm sorry.
I forgot.
Rignodkassin.
Yes, Rignodkassin.
But anyway, the funny thing about Austin talking about all the pot they were smoking at KPFK,
by contrast, the next page, here's Peter Bergman.
Cigarettes were allowed inside the radio station, but I don't remember ever toking up on the air in any of the radio work I did there.
I almost never in my entire career have performed publicly in any way high.
The couple of times I have I think were disastrous.
For being as wildly surrealistic as we were, we were very professional.
I'm sure that we weren't smoking pot live because it would have put the station at risk.
We may have come on slightly high, but we certainly didn't get high on the air.
So there you have conflicting.
I tend to think that what it was was they were so high, Bergman doesn't remember whether they were smoking on the air.
Yes, that's my perception.
Sounds quite likely.
Oh, here, a little bit further down, he says, and thanks to KPFA and Pacifica at the time for letting us do it.
We'd be darned if we could get a show like that today.
It would be lovely if Clear Channels.
Or Infinity or Premier would call up Firesign Theatre and say, you know, we really need you guys.
Just get around a microphone and let her rip.
You know, the sad thing is, was it Sirius or no, but the one that was taken over by Sirius Radio.
The guy that also was going to put Lou Brutus was going to put Hour of Slack on.
And he did put, Firesign Theatre had a weekly live show about six or seven years ago for four weeks or so.
Yes.
But as soon as one drunk jock emailed him and said, I don't get it.
That's just nonsense.
They canceled the Firesign Theatre.
The guy never even returned my phone calls after I said, no, you can't play our show every day for a year for $600.
No.
While advertising?
No.
No, you have to give us a little bit more than we got in the 70s from a television show, Night Flight.
Anyway.
Phooey.
So.
There you go.
Imagine like with the government and the big corporations and MK Ultra, and they can put the laryngeal implants right in the esophagus glands.
And that way, you know, a person could be, could without knowing it, be a fire scientist.
And suddenly start spouting all this genius and brilliant stuff without even knowing what he's talking about, especially if he's on the bus or he's like waiting in the grocery store line or something like that.
And then he could talk with his regular voice at the same time.
And I think that's one of the most abysmally dark hearted things that our universal Prince Saurad, some people call him Prince Saurad.
I call him, you know, we have different names for him.
Well.
I think that's.
I don't know.
It just makes me sad, especially since this is the penumbrance day of the passage of Mr. Oswise.
Well, it's actually not true that you can't do radio like that.
Anymore, because that's what we're doing right now.
And if we suddenly fell over dead, I could put on two hours of puzzling evidence show, which is likewise similarly an acquired taste.
But I mean, let's face it.
KPFA in Berkeley is doing that kind of radio.
WCSB in Cleveland.
WREK in Atlanta.
WORT in Madison.
Oh, no.
WEFT quit doing it.
Champagne.
But WHUS in Storrs, Connecticut.
And that other station in Storrs, Connecticut that Rob Zarka does.
Those are all stations that play.
They don't pay exactly, but they play this kind of stuff.
And they're probably all playing Roller Maidens from Outer Space right now.
Right this very moment.
Yeah.
But that's not what we played.
We played rare stuff that you could only get off of that, off of the ancient shows.
The rare ancient shows.
Like chili pepper, it's mildly unreasonable for those without digestive problems.
But the really sad thing about it, I think, is that there is a layering or the paneling of the country and stuff now.
So that there's like people on one intellectual level.
And you think a whole completely different.
It's completely.
It's all.
Totally.
But a totally and completely different way and perceive things totally and completely differently than the rest of the people.
There's there's no there's no space.
There's no connective tissue.
There's no connect.
There's no connective tissue.
The center does not hold.
Right.
So you can sit there and laugh your derriere expository parts off while a person right next to you think is equally of fitness to you.
Or on the same level of understanding.
And stuff will go like, like, yeah, it's like, OK.
So that's what that's what our listeners are saying right now.
I'm going to switch over to Rush Limbaugh.
That's a lot more popular.
And I can see why, too.
These guys don't make any sense.
Hitchhikers.
Yeah.
So how about about this one is more normal stuff.
You can tell.
It was deeply grounded in radio theater of the 1940s and 50s.
Right.
But nobody.
Most people don't even know what that is now.
Actually, they were inspired by the Goon show.
Right.
Yes.
The British show.
British radio show with Peter Sellers and Spike Milligan and the other guy that nobody ever remembers.
Harry Seacombe.
Yeah.
Harry Seacombe.
And that they were they paved the way for the Fireside Theater and no doubt for Monty Python also.
Now, you notice I'm leaving Cheech and Chong out of this whole formula because they were.
Strictly dope humor of the 70s.
Whereas the Fireside Theater stuff sounds like it could have been recorded yesterday.
Most of it.
They might occasionally refer to Nixon, but so does Futurama.
So, you know, I mean, it's it is actually uncanny.
Their stuff has held up beautifully.
It didn't reach as many people as, say, Monty Python did.
And but even before, you know, the Goon show had to be inspired by somebody.
And I would I would venture to say maybe the writers like Lewis Carroll come into the picture here.
But he was of a totally different genre and media and era.
And so, you know.
Who?
Which?
Lewis Carroll.
Well, yeah, right.
They hadn't invented recordings yet, but they had invented mind blowing.
Paradoxical.
Sentences.
But I would be willing to bet that the Goon show was influenced in some small way by some British or perhaps American or Canadian, I guess, in the day they were all listening to each other and stuff.
From the 30s or 40s, some kind of Professor Erwin Corey-ish type of crew of people who were into non sequiturs and absurdums.
Well, there actually was a lot of radio comedy that was pretty absurd and non sequiturian.
What was the Bickerson's?
The Bickerson's.
The Bickerson's.
Right.
Don Amici and what's her name?
That was actually a pretty.
It was America's first comedy show about a dysfunctional marriage, they say.
Yes.
Yes.
Correcto bundle.
And those are actually really funny.
For that matter, some of the.
Don't get me wrong.
Some of the Amos and Andy shows are quite funny.
They're very well written.
And quite non sequiturist, too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Bull Dada.
Yes.
Well, earlier tonight's show, the Firesign were doing a takeoff on their favorite old timey comedy radio show.
There was a segment they called Mutt and Cheops.
And they were.
It sounded exactly like a 1940s comedy show, like in a little Abner kind of environment.
You know, Ma and Pa Kettle takeoffs.
Now, this is all generational.
As you say.
Your clam pigs are getting damp.
I'm sorry.
We're in our 60s.
So, of course, we not only remember the Firesign Theater, we can quote them, you know, chapter and verse.
But the kids, these kids these days.
You say it anywhere.
Perhaps as you're going uptown to go to the police department and pay your ticket.
And as you hand them your check, you say, oh, gee, the clam cakes are getting damp and stuff like that.
And they would let you go free.
We're all meant to be free.
Come on.
Dang.
I know it's not true.
Yeah, I was going to say.
Yeah.
Yeah.
If you say that at the police station, they'll say, would you please disarm yourself, turn around and run away so that we can shoot you from behind?
Oh, make sure your video camera is on.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
It's not a.
It kind of stopped being funny at some point earlier this week, I think.
Finally.
I think it was 1865.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Actually, it stopped being.
Funny back when it started.
Yes.
Here we are.
Set loose.
Broken hearted.
On beautiful Lake.
Painted diamond verbally.
Savage.
Savage.
Flushed.
From deep in my bosom.
Have you ever talked to your bosom?
Did you know that men can have nipples?
Hey, you know what we can't forget, though?
You know what we can't forget, though?
What is it that we can't forget?
Forget what we're saying.
It's, you know, in previous years of the last show before we leave for leaving for Wisteria,
we would normally be talking about the upcoming minor little event we call the end of the
planet Earth and all human reality and the beginning of a subgenius only reality called
X-Day.
X-Day.
And when X-Day is successful, we celebrate it with a party.
A party called Starwood.
And even if it's not successful, we still have the Starwood.
Well, Starwood takes place on your saucer.
Isn't that it?
Right.
And my saucer is going to look like Wisteria no matter what for the first couple of weeks.
So...
Well, that's what I was wondering.
How, you know, maybe someday instead of having Starwood or something, when everybody comes
to and comes back around and stuff like that, you could maybe have a...
You could have a...
You could have a...
You could sell them hamburgers or other comestibles.
Or, you know, you could do something different instead of having that.
Yeah, the world could end for once.
You know, normally I would be reading from the Bob Leografon about how the mystery of
X-Day may prove to be a lesson that some subgeniuses desperately need to learn.
They should be damn glad the Church of the Subgenius got to them before Heaven's Gate
did.
But instead, I will mention that we're getting very excited.
In between all of our swag making and clean up and schedule brochure editing.
And the crushing of the protuberances, too.
There's so many going on now.
Well, we're going to be seeing all our friends.
Next week, Dr. Howell will be here in the studio, probably for three hours.
The live, real Dr. Howell in the flesh will be here.
And then he'll be back again the week after that from the saucers.
But, yeah, we're going to be seeing...
Oh, gosh.
Dr. Philodrum is going to be there.
We're going to jam.
Doctors for Wotan will play.
Poo Water Towel will be joining Doctors for Wotan.
Those are the two greatest bands.
Type it in on YouTube, man.
Type in Poo Water Towel.
Type in Poo Water...
Just Google Poo Water Towel YouTube.
And you'll see that it is indeed a two-piece band.
But anyway, yeah.
We don't know if the Mutant Mountain Boys are going to be there.
But we know that a Mutant Mountain Boy will be there.
Reverend Andrew Genis for sure will be.
And it'll be a party.
Somebody's going to bring another Bob dummy for killing or burning rather than sexing.
I cannot for the life of me understand your love of doing such things to Bob.
It's such a brilliant old chap.
And you're so full of himself.
Well, usually by the end of the weekend, the saucers haven't come.
And people are a little bit irritated at old pipe face.
I would say irate would be a little bit more accurate.
And they want to burn, burn, burn him.
People were lighting marijuana cigarettes off of his flaming face.
Well, I did see someone toasting a hot dog over his burning head.
Yes, indeed.
Anyway, so.
S'mores out of Bob's lessons.
I get it.
S'mores out of Les Fonz and Bob's.
Oh, no.
Anyway, we've been getting more pre-registrations.
I think we're going to have a new crop of newbies and newbies.
Which is good because the oldies don't look so good.
Are they newbies, Levi?
Or are they?
They're both.
I'm empowered with the spirit, with the community spirit that we can take out into the streets
and spit on the ground and say, this is my hometown.
You can just go.
You can just go.
You can just go.
You can just go.




You can just get out of here and stuff.
That's a cross-section of weirdos, old and young, grandpas and grandkids, all kinds.
We're bringing Princess Weemaw, Grandma Bob is going to be there.
We even rented a golf cart to tote her around in and show her off.
Now, you're not going to leave her in charge of the goat, are you?
Because last time that proved truthful.
She loves that goat, man.
She is still talking about the goat.
She just fell in love with that black goat.
Yeah, the black goat of the woods with a thousand young.
With the white J on his side.
His name is James.
Why is that part?
What's the white J on his side?
It's just a marking on the side of the goat in the shape of a J, which made his owners call him James.
Well, there's going to be more than goats.
There's going to be an evolution control committee.
At both X Day and Starwood, there will be devivals at X Day and Starwood.
In fact, there'll be two devivals at Starwood.
One on the main stage and one in the Pufferdome with the Waking Dream people,
who are like a multimedia giant puppet making crazy people.
The Pufferdome is an air-supported nightclub that we had made for us.
We have a Pufferdome album starring Dave and the Einstein Secret Orchestra.
Oh, yes, I know.
But not...
A lot of the listening audience has never heard of the Pufferdome.
They don't know.
They don't know nothing about this stuff.
Well, if they went to Starwood.com and read about it, they would know more.
Starwood.com, you say?
Starwoodfestival.com.
Oh, that's right.
It's Starwoodfestival.com.
Yes.
If they're interested, they could go there and read about it.
Were they interested?
If you were interested, yes.
Sort of like subgenius.com.
Were a person, for whatever bizarre reason, interested in...
X Day.
X Day.
Now, these places are not in Cleveland.
They happen in a campground near Athens in southern Ohio.
And we're praying that it rains a little.
Just had to cool off.
Yeah.
Way down upon Ohio River.
That's where it is.
I would not expect that in the Ohio River with what it's doing right now.
And, you know, maybe it will change by then.
But what it's doing right now, it's like in the middle of a July pattern.
And it's stuck.
And it's still...
Until June.
And there was no strawberries in the northern part of the state this year.
Another agricultural entanglement thanks to the weather.
Goodness.
I didn't know that.
It also ruined two other large industries because of the coldness.
Ruined the wine grape industry and stuff, which was getting all kinds of awards from France and California and New York State and whoever else used to be their competitors.
And just like that.
Just conquered in, you know, regular grapes.
No.
Or, you know, native grapes.
No more varietals.
And then they botched up the strawberry crop.
There's no peach crop because of the weather.
Goodness.
In northern Ohio.
And we used to go to a huge peach orchards in the summertime and dance around with our shoes off and throw peaches at, you know, the idyllic, you know, Garden of Eden.
That's all against the law now, Dave.
Mm-hmm.
Frolicking, taking your shoes off.
Throwing peaches.
These are all things that people of the primitive barbaric past used to do.
Now we stay indoors and obey.
Yeah.
So unless you're a subgenius or some kind of crazy pagan weirdo interested person, then you can go take, by golly, you can take off your clothes, climb a tree and learn to play the flute.
Or something like that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You can go hug a tree.
Yeah.
You can do more than just hug a tree out there.
Sorry.
So, yeah.
Yes.
We're all, as you can see, we're, we're excited about this whole thing.
And we can't exactly advertise the way we would like to or the way we would say we were running.
Say this was a Christian radio station.
Which would be commercial, therefore.
Then we could.
But we're not on those kinds of stations.
But we're on the kind stations.
These.
The kind stations.
I just heard on one of those revel-racious stations that you're talking about of the real crazy Christians.
They were having this thing where it looked like thousands of people.
I know they do a lot of green screen work when they make the cathedrals look, you know, like they take 30,000 people.
But maybe there are 30,000 people.
And they're not a couple of substandard intelligence there.
Sure.
Anyway.
Why not?
They were doing a thing called pump up Jesus.
And I was thinking, how?
He needs help, friends.
How are we going to do this?
He's not all powerful like they say.
He needs the help of little illiterate old ladies.
Praying.
And more.
Pray.
Don't get off your butt.
Just pray.
That'll help Jesus.
He needs help so badly.
We need to pump him up.
We need to pump him up.
Him up.
Let's just use like one of those gigantic.
One of those huge balloons.
That looks like a balloon.
That looks like a furry critter or the invisible snowman.
Remember that episode?
Nah.
You know, I think some people are giving the Lord a bad name.
That's the problem.
The world?
They're giving Jesus a bad name.
The Lord Jesus.
His fan club.
Jesus is just all right with me.
That's all he is.
He's just all right.
His fan club.
Some of them.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Dave, it's almost time to go.
I have a touching tearjerker song by Phil Austin to play.
Oh, I think I might like to hear it.
In the background, of course.
No, not in the...
Yeah, you would be in the background.
Yeah.
It's...
I think we played...
We played it at the end of the Peter Bergman Memorial show.
And now here we are playing it again for the guy singing it.
And crazy people who talk all of it.
And I think we're playing it all at the same time, because that's what the song is about.
Oh, you took all the funny-ness out of me.
Well, Dave, well, this is kind of...
It is kind of...
It's not exactly a funny song.
But I'm gonna...
I'm gonna pot you down and light up the pot.
I'm just kidding.
Potting David down.
A little bit.
And then I'm gonna play this...
This song here.
Okay.
My friends are all crazy.
They're mad as loons.
The talk is slow.




all at once, it's a hundred tunes. You hear them at night as you push down the highway like loons
landing, elusive loon fly away. And oh, can it be true, y'all feel free to just join in,
that there's no rest for the wicked, no peace for us too. Amazing what sounds you can get out of a banana.
Now the laughers and screamers, their crosstalk is incredible. It's all you can do to believe
they're inedible. And policemen and doctors hover around the edges,
as they drag in new converts and make them sign pledges. And oh, can it be true,
well that there's no rest for the wicked, no peace for us too.
Now me and my singing,



sweetheart have tried to escape we secretly put down our thoughts on this tape and we're sending
it out so all we might hear don't you talk all at once so you'll wind up right here and oh
oh can it be true
there's no rest for the wicked
there's no peace for us
all right one more
a passage of loons to their home in the sky
don't tempt me a bit i think i'll pass it right by
so listen up friends
now you've heard my sad tune
but don't be tempted
to talk all at once
like a loon
and oh
can it be true
that there's no
rest for the wicked
no peace for us two
y'all sound beautiful
applause
well I don't know
I don't know
I don't know how far out in space you have to get
to get that far out
that's quality on this show you know
beyond the orbit of the asteroids
we're lucky we're sponsored I tell you that
Hilario you know now that football's been
outlawed by the interstellar console
Starfleet 2 scout ship
please give your position
over
I am in orbit around the third planet
of star known as sun over
may this be earth over
positive it is known
to have some form of intelligent species
over
I think we should take a look
you've been listening
to the subgenius radio ministry
hour of
slaps
for free information
right to
p.o. box
181
417
Cleveland Heights
Ohio
44118
or see
www.subgenius.com
www.subgenius.com
praise Bob
there is no more money
we got it
we got it
get some money
that dirty
purkish
harkaback
flack
and wharton
philip
buck
and burton
perkaluma
burton
burton
boston
at
all
friends
we're glad
you listened to this show
and we're even more glad
that some listeners
have donated enough
to help us keep on going
for another couple of months
and not just this show
but subgenius.com
and all the other
archive sites
but if you truly love Bob
and want some of that
slack back
to rebate
down to you
you should go to
subgenius.com
front page
or especially the radio page
or the catalog store pages
and help out financially
as best you can
now we know
what it's like
to be on the brink
of total poverty
and we don't want
any subgeniuses
to make their own
situations worse
but some of you
still have jobs
even five bucks
makes a big difference
even if it's only
once a month
from enough of you
50 bucks
makes an even bigger difference
all we're saying
is that
blow jobs
could go the way
of Steve Jobs
if you don't pay Dobbs
we also take checks
and money orders
to subgenius foundation
P.O. Box
181
417
Cleveland Heights
Ohio
44118
10128
Route 81
heat

Keeling
627
concrete
corporation.
We need free contact.
Sex, money, bomb!
Free pills!
Sex, money, bomb!
Free pills!
Sex, money, bomb!
Free pills!
Sex, money, bomb!
Kill me!
Sex, money, bomb!
