No, no, no. How does that start? I can't remember.
I, I, yes, friends. No, I, yes, dear friends.
You're listening, no, uh, radio ministry.
It's the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
Brought to you by the Church of the Subgenius.
Produced here at the beautiful studios of WCSB, Cleveland, the home.
I love that show. It's so iconoclastic.
And, you know, everything is worthy of poking at and making fun.
And sometimes throwing dirt on the shoes and pulling a knife at it.
Yeah, they're just a mirror that reflects the illness in society.
Oh, please don't look in the mirror.
You're not going to like what you see there.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Drew Pearson.
We bring you this special radio television broadcast
in order to give you the very latest information on an amazing phenomenon.
The arrival of a spaceship in Washington.
The rumors of invading armies and mass destruction.
Are based on hysteria and are absolutely false.
And you are not alone.
And you are not alone.
Remember it's true.
Remember it's true.
And easy prey.
We'll make great friends.
We'll make great friends.
We'll make great friends.
We'll make great friends.
The Exist will descend with their scientifically magic implements.
There will be stalls of technology that will be too much for us to handle.
In one instant, all the handovers will disappear.
Along with all pollution.
And all the nuclear weapons.
But in return, the human race will have to take on living machinery so complex that though it is peaceful,
the end result will be equivalent to letting toddlers play with a nuclear arsenal.
Bob, and not some conspiracy world government, must be there in a position of world leadership
to explain humanity's behavior to the Exists in ways they can understand
so they don't put us out of our misery with a snap of their cosmic finger
like they did the dinosaurs.
The right people, us, must be the ones that the Exists make into superhuman over men.
By 1950, some of these characters were beginning to spin their stories of fantastic conversations
with alleged space people.
Some of them expanded the stories to include alleged rides in the UFOs.
Suddenly everything went black and I realized that I'd been cut off and shut off in a little tiny room
where nobody was listening to me.
And I was talking to this hot little plush felt red rubber tip microphone
and not hearing a thing and seeing only little tiny lights
and wondering why I was strapped to this chair and put into this studio that seemed to be rotating very rapidly
with lights flashing off rhythmically.
And it was a small man with a swollen head and hideously deformed eyes sitting behind the console
pushing the buttons while pencils of light and energy flashed across my body.
And I wondered why I was there and what did they want of me.
And I couldn't figure out why I was sitting there.
And they didn't say anything.
They just kept flashing those lights at me and pumping those strange chemicals into me.
And the man with the funny head, the leader, the man with the strange grin and the pipe.
Well, I just want to know if you want to be in the church or out of the church.
And where's your wallet?
The DC9 pushed the button.
Yeah.
I didn't know that I'd been snatched up, but it wasn't really a dream until I saw these sacred nasal positions.
And suddenly it all came back.
And I realized that they'd stolen four and a half hours out of my life
when they put me in that tiny room and plugged all those wires into me and made me talk.
Well, it's only an hour and a half tonight, mister.
And talk because you only paid for an hour and a half.
If this was indeed an extraterrestrial spacecraft with living occupants,
it must have been very disconcerting for them to cross millions of miles of space
only to be hit on the head with rotten oranges.
The dramatic advent of such fascinating objects as those which were first called flying saucers
attracted the inevitable attention of those individuals who let their imaginations run away with their veracity.
Friends, if you've ever noticed those little houses spotting up everywhere in the hills near your home,
those people with indistinguishable physical characteristics and facial features,
those with names you can't really remember,
that vast sea of faces out there that wants to eat your liver and sing about it on a rock,
they're about to get you.
They're about to get you tonight at exactly 4 a.m.
They are coming, Radio...
Sleep light. Sleep light, Radio Land.
I do not know they are coming to take you away.
I mean, they are coming.

They are coming for you.
Thanks for coming, Dad. I wouldn't be here without you.
Mom, I'm glad you came too, just for your own sake, I suppose.
But I guess not before...
Dave, get out of the way. The doors are opening.
This is it. This is what we've been waiting for.
No, no. We've got to think good thoughts.
Stan, Stan, stop peeing in your pants, man. You're getting the floor all wet.
We've got to...
He said... He said...
I'll be right here.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Don't worry about it.
I'll show you. Be back. I feel better.
Hello.
You've got to think good thoughts, man. They can read your mind.
They're starting to pie bar into our heads right now.
I'm ready to bend over and spread them.
They're opening the slaughterhouse doors.
Did you happen to see...
Finally, we can get inside.
It's so funny, Landon.
Yeah, remember.
Two monsters get the shock of a lifetime when they close and counter the third time for the first time.
Then they wake up.
Morning America.
Morning America.
Morning America.
Morning America.
Morning America.
Morning America.
Morning America.
Morning America.
The Exes.
The Exes.
The Exes.
have landed Earth's under their control
Dobbs vision stands proven
The city's radioactive holes
We don't know what they're gaming
But their name is unpronounceable
We don't know what they came for
But what they aim for is impossible
Despair not, ye beings
In the second year before the millennium of the day of God
Come Wednesday
And the day of the Lord is nigh
As in the twinkling of night there will come along the Yark of Tisra
Which are like unto thy great white brothers
They come as men, as brave and courageous
As the war-branded, as the cloud
And beyond all the heavens, they're equal for thee
Have landed their machines
Following our tracks
Dobbs vision stands proven
A world without slack
And they spoke to me
With the enshrinement of knowledge came prosperity
No longer would superstition divide mankind
With great bounty came a great peace
Institutions fell not because they were toppled
But because they fulfilled their purpose
And yielded to the greater good
Prosperity? Knowledge? But when?
Could it have been that mankind will enter an age of enlightenment
That lasted so long that dates will be meaningless?
And yet the seed of religion survived to flower again
This time it embraced not a deity
But a new spirituality
Built upon the discarded belief of the old
Whatever inspires man to dream
He is bound to awaken to reality
Give me a date, dammit!
When did these things happen?
The new faith sanctioned a value placed upon all living things
Rendering some higher and some lower
This piteous division of utility created an ever widening discrepancy
Between those who shape the world to their own needs
And those whose world is shaped by others
The two factions were driven farther and farther apart
When did the bifurcation begin?
How long ago?
What good's a museum without years?
Mankind held its own place until nature herself rebelled
Not from within
Or not
But from within the human organism itself
With a terrible plague
Nation by nation
Species by species
Its onset so subtle
That it took hold before anyone knew to stop it
Not one is safe
That's right, before the cock crawls
It's a new day!
Thank God!
And praise Bob!
A new day dawns, friends!
Which may be the last time you'll ever have to listen to the right thing on the brain
Because David would be in space aboard a tunic
He'd have to make another with the same tone
And he'd automatically have one of the same length
Preserving the standard
Standards of length were vital for building pyramids
Trading cloth or setting boundaries
And evidence indicates that rigid standards existed long before recorded history
What do you think about that?
Rigid...what was that?
Rigid standards?
I like the rigid part
I'm General Rigid Standard
I was making some...
I'm going to tell you my...
Physicist Lyle Borst at the State University of New York
Has studied the origins of units of length
And...
Uh, do we really want to know how this man studied the origins of units of length?
Especially after he got so rigid
Now he's going to get out the little...
He's like, rigid and origins of length
He's going to get out the little school ruler
And put it right up there on the...
And say, how am I doing?
I've reached my 58th birthday
Let's see how many penis I have
Billions of galaxies inhabit our universe
Each with billions upon billions of stars and planets
Do you really believe this stuff?
Scientists doubt that intelligent life lives on some of the planets scattered through the cosmos
Oh come on, when Colonel Sagan was a young boy in a muster filled universe
You're going to wish there wasn't so much intelligent life out there
And according to Dr. Cyril Panamperouma
Wait a minute, wait
Play that backwards
We gotta hear that one backwards
That's the kind of comment they're trying to address
I'm a man of research
Cyril Panamperouma
Alanis Morissette
Alanis Morissette is an alien?
Cyril Panamperouma
I'm a man of research
Almost certainly such alien life will have the same chemistry as we do
That's a laugh
That's a laugh if I...
That's a scientific impossibility
A nucleic acid protein based...
Listen
One of the main pillars of organic life is the proteins
Which are constructed of amino acids
It is our genetic material
We're the same as hamburgers
Speak for yourself pink boy
It is our genetic...
Sal-o-acid
Sal-o-acid
Sal-o-acids
It is our genetic material
Commonly known as DNA and RNA
That directs a given amino acid to the right spot of a particular protein
And in laboratory research
Dr. Panamperouma has created the materials which constitute DNA
And the amino acids
That are the building blocks of protein
From spark discharges
What the world doesn't know is that experiment is still going on inside Dave's head
The way these constituents of biological materials join together
Is determined by certain chemical laws
Which are the same throughout the universe
For this reason alien life will probably have the same or similar genetic code as we do
It would be unthinkable for God's creatures to be formed in any other way than after his image
We have the same or similar genetic code as we do
Be built of protein
Have internal organs
And contain blood
Or its equivalent to nourish its cells
That's all you need
And what does alien life look like?
According to Dr. Panamperouma
Hyper writers
The guess of movie producers as to the form alien life takes is as good as any
Hollywood, wait Hollywood movie producers?
They look like Hollywood movie producers
Far, far away
E.T. may be mistaken for...
And there is G2?
And there is a radio program
It's the gas
Just as you are now on the planet earth
It's all the gas
Right where you are sitting now
A feature of the American Institute of Physics
The American Institute of Pissix
The mental institution of psychically benowted
And these are experts, friends
You know people are sitting there going
X's, end of the world, 1998
If they don't buy the book
When 1998 comes
And the world
Is a nuclear waste
When we're all slaves or ground beef
They're gonna go
Oh I guess these guys weren't kidding
Yeah I should have read the start fist a little more carefully
Your blood is your heart of space
I'm coming with advanced knowledge
To help super race
To help super race
To help the human race
My friends
To serve man
To save you
From the terrifying secret
Of space
Well friends Nina Hagen heard there
Trusts the aliens
But Bob
Make sure he has a contract
And a deposit
And that deposit my friend
Is your soul
And maybe it was a joke
nicer than the awakening
True your thing
means more than a shock
Oh hey
Oh what the heck

I is bubble tea
uc
I have many radio stations to thank and talk about tonight, actually, friends.
And there was some post-X Day prophecy from H.G. Wells, the time machine from the turn of the century before.
Bits of last year's triple X Day CDs from Subgenius Foundation.
And of course, friends, this is the last of the X Day shows, as usual, being heard after the fact.
If it's heard at all, I hope it's never heard in human ways.
And this music in the background, by the way, is with Professor Chaz Smith himself.
But friends, I'm going to crank out a bunch of shows in advance because I'm heading for Brushwood for 4X Day.
As you're about to hear now.
Me Bizarro Bob hates slack.
It looks like folks are about ready to be baptized.
Look, there's a pretty girl there who's on the outside.
That's me.
I'm baptized with this special preaching finger dipped in the very center of the circle of babes.
Before I even go.
Wow, look at all those naked Subgenius.
I'm going to videotape.
And then I don't know what I'll do with it later, but it'll be cool.
Wow.
Oh, they're almost all guys.
Darn.
I was hoping there'd be more chicks.
God, they're kind of scary looking.
Oh my God, even the chicks.
Oh, that is a chick.
I can't tell the chicks from the guys in this bizarre place.
I'm a frog.
I'm what Dr. Lagune calls a frog watcher.
I admit that I'm a frog watcher.
Reverend Stang said that the true artist is a jack-off artist, and that's me.
I can smell the sin on you, brothers and sisters.
And that sin needs to be washed away.
You're a frog watcher, Reverend Stang.
Every year you get stained with a little bit of sin.
The sin you get from working in your day-to-day jobs and just putting up with stuff that you
just don't want to have to put up with.
Hey!
But this year things are going to be a little different.

Every year I walk out into this bar and I make some unlucky person fear for their life.
Last night, it happened.
I'm going to walk out of the bar and I have to go to the bathroom to bathe.
And the baptism is basically to wash away that pink taint from rubbing elbows with and
kind of purify them.
The baptism is a very beautiful event because most of us need a bath.
I love you.
Oh.
I'm gonna see them again and again.
In the next episode, I'm going to see them again.
Is that before or after the Bob pills?
Friends, we're going on a long journey now.
Get ready. Pack your bags.
You'll have one foot on the platform and one foot on the train,
but when the train takes off, it's going to split you right down the middle.
Hookah, hookah, hookah, hookah.
Look, look, look at the rhythm.
The conductor's coming.
The conductors are chasing.
I like that rhythm.
Look, look, look, there's five conductors.
Sounds like an audience.
They've got guns.
Look, look, look, they've got guns.
Little toys, sweat guns, like the kind you had with Mom made a cherry pie.
There he goes, Dave, heading off down the trail.
Yes, I remember when Mom made those hot, stinky cherry pies every night after school.
We're on board with him again.
This happens every time.
We think we're waving to Dave.
He's in the window.
Come and have some pie, dear.
And we think we're waving goodbye to him, and then he pulls out,
and then we turn around, and as we turn around,
he's pulling into the station.
And you're back on the train with him.
And look, he's pulling in like Plastic Man.
And the front part is moving much slower than the back part.
Babbling nonstop.
This is a bad time loop, dude.
For some reason, drinking this cup of coffee makes me feel like I'm at the airport.
We're in a state of psychokinesis.
It's like I'm going somewhere.
Well, you're just waiting.
We're in the waiting room here.
Well, it's not the airport.
I can't wait to get to Amsterdam again.
Coffee.
For our weekly trip.
I don't think you're going to be going to Mr. Amsterdam for a very long time, Mr. Amsterdam.
Just plop your identification poopers down there on the table.
We're only going to rattle it for a little while.
Stand clear.
That's right.
There you go.
No, no.
No, no.
No, no, no, no.
Oh, thanks.
You got my heart going again.
Part of the job.
Where are we, by the way?
Well, it's part of the job wherever the hell we are right now.
Down here at whatever we're doing.
It changes from moment to moment.
Yeah, I'm glad, too.
It's frightening.
I hate it when I know what's going on.
Having to create each scene, looking out the window, wondering if it's going to be Indians or weird psychic pirates.
Yeah, but it's always something different.
So if it's bad, you know, it's going to go away soon.
Yeah, what about the last conductor who lost his hand?
Well, I mean, it wasn't our fault.
Well, that's what happens when you try to choose your life.
You try to force your own reality, man.
Yeah, really.
And you leave your body parts in the locker room.
Just let it flow.
Really?
Quit trying to, like, force your own reality on these escape vessels, man.
It's like, it's just going to backfire on you.
You've just got to ride the snake, you know?
You've just got to just...
Oh, coming in the access tunnel now.
It's like a river.
You've just got to flow with it.
It's...
Oh, Hitler, you know.
Oh, well, we'll be here for about another 45 seconds.
I wonder what they've got programmed.
Is that the program coming up right now?
Oh, there it is.
The conductor's passing out little hand whistles.
October 14.
We can all hear better now.
I can smell better now.
Oh, look, it's a communist.
Everything's better now.
There's Abraham Lincoln.
There's Martin Luther King Jr.
Look, it's Art Borey's flag.
There's Art Bell.
There's Jerry Lee Lewis.
Jerry Lewis.
Wow, they're all here together.
October 19.
The wrong dragon.
They're laying down their arms.
Oh, my God.
Look, they're laying down their arms.
And everyone's dropping their body parts.
Laying down their legs.
Oh, my God.
How are they going to move?
They're not going to be able to move when it happens.
This is...
Then you found you came to Smith in Water.
That is...
It's green and growing in the night sky of a land beyond, beyond a world of hope and fear.
And so have you, spaceman.
Now up here.
Now up here.
Now up here.
Now up here.
until the sun shines out need ARMADA
That's the...
Oh, that's the monkey.
There's no...
Oh increases
a little bit of exhibited
leaders
There's no communists, just poets in favor and electric mist.
What do you know?
What do you know?
What do you know? What do you know? What do you know?
What do you know?
This is my last chance to pluck the unsaved subgeniuses out of this planetary swim.
This is the final opportunity for redemption before the X's grip hand comes down.
And oh, I can't let you down now.
I have a sacred obligation to my ministry and to the true Yeti stock among us.
Because children, our heritage awaits us in the stars.
And soon, oh yes, soon, as Bob is my witness, we'll never be slackless again.
Let the judgment begin. I'll get the ball rolling.
The end of the world.
How near is it?
We heard a great deal today about the end of the world.
When is it going to come?
Some have been so presumptuous as to set dates.
As a result, people have sold their worldly goods, gone to a mountaintop somewhere,
and waited for the end of the world to come.
Others have taught and preached that there will be no end,
that everything will go on as it is.
And both parties are wrong.
And I alluded to the fact that certain traditions of men teach that
when a planet goes to the moon,


or a comet goes through a certain field,
was it the great hunter?
I think it was.
That that means the earth is coming to an end.
And I made the statement that it would be impossible for Haley Bopp to hit the states
of the Americas unless a chunk broke off.
And this lady thought I said a chunk was going to break off of Haley Bopp and me and the world.
I didn't say that, all right?
That would be an impossibility, is what I was actually saying.
There's nothing out there that's going to run into Haley Bopp.
But I had fun doing that.
I hope you all enjoyed it.
But no dates were mentioned other than astronomical signs in the heavens were taking place at those times.
The church of the subgenius is surely the church of the future,
or at least what's left of it.
The world as we know it will end in war.
The world as we know it will end in war.
Things won't be the same no more.
The world ends tomorrow and you may die.
Subgeniuses come from a better world and they're going to a better world.
They descended from abominable snowmen and will evolve overnight on some evening in late
1998 into overmen and aliens.




It is an unbroken line of continuous change as opposed to that of pinks who are an evolutionary
dead end and have been spinning their wheels as mere humans for the last million years
or so.
Part of that involves freeing the, let's call them the normals, pinks, the pink boys,
the mediocrities from the repressions that the conspiracy is laying on them.
Hurry, you've got no time to lose.
Theрем Get ready for our next episode.
The core issue of The Dream Family is Bie B
ek falls in love with the orientaladel.
The story I tell about them so that they can trust me, it's just that it's too lonely.
They say they'll come and sit there again.
But they can't dryer on people that they just don't trust.
It's time to pray.
There's a new sitcom coming, folks.
It's called Armageddon.
That's what it's called, Armageddon!
The greatest war of all wars will be fought.
The Battle of Armageddon will be fought.
The blood will flow in the streets up to the bridles of the horses for 200 miles.
Oh, she's a cat!
Lean forward to it, Mrs. Starr.
You are the basic truth in us.
You are the reality.
We will never let you down.
And we will always be grateful.
I'll tell you what.
Five dogs came to town to set you free!
Surely, I come quickly. Amen.
My!
People come and go so quickly here.
In both instances, he's coming literally, visibly, and bodily.
Brother, every time I see you, I'm like,
I see another spaceship going to the moon in the exploration of the moon
and soon driving the new automobiles they're making for the moon.
I say, my heart, he must be coming soon now.
Let each one who hears them say the same.
Come.
Let the thirsty one come.
Anyone who wants to, without charge.
He who has said all things, declares,
Yes, I am coming.
Soon.
God said, taste and see.
Just try it for yourself.
You all be ashamed of yourself.
Frightening him like that when it came to you for help.
Quiet!
With a snapper, the beneficent Oz has every intention of granting your requests.
What's that?
What did he say?
What did he say?
At first, you must prove yourselves worthy by performing a very small task.
He didn't tell us to clean up the fish pond.
He said to fish in it.
He must be lost.
We're in a world.
Call of action.
Something is happening.
We're in the race of the young generation.
We're on the go.
We want to tell the nation.
Something is happening.
Something is happening.
Now.
Watch out for us.
We're in a tonic reaction.
Something is happening.
We've got the pressure of a new motivation.
We're going to live in a world of transformation.
Something is happening.
Something is happening.
Something is happening.

Now.
Now.


Now.








And now we are on the verge of the greatest and the final war.
If we have an all-out war now, let me tell you something.
It will be the last.
Those awful days that are still ahead for you and me.
Beginning in chapter 3 of 2 Peter, verses 10 through 14.
But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night, in the which the heavens shall
pass away with a great noise.
Mm.
And the earth shall be burned up.
Some have thought this means perhaps a nuclear blast.
And the elements shall melt with fervent heat.
That's tremendous heat, isn't it?
The earth also and the works that are therein shall be burned up.
Seeing then that all these things shall be dissolved, what manner of persons ought ye
to be in all holy conversation and godliness?
I suppose I could put on my black costume and fly over the Emerald City a few times
on my flaming broomstick.
Ha ha!

Ha ha!
Ha ha!
Double, double, toil and trouble.
Ha ha ha!
Fire burns and calls are involved.
Ha ha ha!
This is a potent wind.
That we've cooked up just for you.
Ha ha ha!
Just look inside.
Our pie.
And see what it is we've got.
It's made of uranium.
And it's called the atomic bomb.
But as soon as we're gone, you folks who are here unsaved, you folks listening by radio,
you folks listening by record, who know not Jesus,
once the church is gone, there is going to be a cataclysmic judgment.
And millions will die in those next few years.
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!

Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!




Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!

Yeah!
You said longer than that, and I'm very bad with rubber!
Bad, you got that.
We're going to shave already?
Big girl.





Oh, boy.
I'm just so f Gotta go everywhere, cause we have to.
Why don't you go somewhere else?
Well, let's just let me change areas for a bit.
Lewis I don't have new gig, Lewis way out there to wait for it.

He says we're going somewhere else.
It's a harlet, but- Let's go somewhere else.

Started waiting on your truck,irishου.ق
They destroyed the world, the entire Los Angeles area.
Already hospital facilities have begun to crack under the strain.
And civil defense authorities state that the situation is much the same across the entire country.
Martial law is now nationwide.
Our fellow countrymen are dying.
The very foundations of civilization are beginning to crumble under the dread assault of that horror long feared.
Mob?
Call all that channels. This is a class one emergency.
All civilian traffic is barred from streets and highways.
Boys, stay in your homes. Stay in your homes.
I got exactly what I wanted!
Time for tubby bye bye. Time for tubby bye bye.
And now a new one!
I hate this job!
Die, arrogant earth scum!

I'll see you now, you slippery tree!
cookie
I said you knew why everything!
You want it?
I got it!
Wario 14 development, I'm here!
You can never destroy!
You can never destroy!
No!
You have sealed your fate!
You have sealed your fate!
You have sealed your fate!
Adios, you
sick and blocking little stinker!
You have made me very angry!
Very angry indeed!
Of course you realize this means war!
Oh no! We're all doomed!
Launch authorization received.
Countdown sequence initiated.
Launch in progress.
Ah, crap!
Clear clutches my breast.
Launch in progress.
Oh crap, these computers, they're so naughty and so complex!
I couldn't get them to...
Launch in progress.
Launch in progress.
Launch in progress.
Launch in progress.
Launch in progress.
Launch in progress.
Launch in progress.
Launch in progress.

cop1
You have sealed your fate!
Check time!
10 minutes have passed.
qUEDtheYsq3q Kenya soften hem into bear7
This is my body.
This is my body.
As I was saying,
this finally made it up for the two of us.
Oh, here we go.
I got exactly what I wanted!
I got exactly what I wanted!
I got exactly what I wanted!
I got exactly what I wanted!
The Black Pitcher is filled with people who are filled with shit
and the vermin of the world inhabit it!
But not for long.
They all deserve to die.
Tell me why, Mrs. Love.
Tell me why.
Because in all of the whole human race, Mrs. Love,
there are two kinds of men and only two.
There's the one staying put in his proper place
and the one with his foot in the other one's face.
Look at me, Mrs. Love.
Look at you.
No, we all deserve to die.
Even you, Mrs. Love,
it even I.
Because the lives of the wicked should be made brief
for the rest of us' death will be a relief.
We all deserve to die.
And I'll never see Johanna.
No, I'll never...
Never hug my girl to be finished!
All right.
You, sir.
How about a say?
Come and visit your good friend Sweeney.
You, sir.
Too, sir.
Welcome to the grave.
I will have vengeance.
I will have salvation.
So what, Mr. Dog?
We're in shape for the finals?
No, really, Mr. Dog.
And by the way, Bob,
just where is that long promised bucket of pills?
And tell me, Bob, what's this slack business?
Shouldn't the hierarchical slack holders
be getting unearthly dividends on a regular basis by now?
Or is it just really too much fun, Bob?
Well, there is a war on here, Bob.
And whatever happened to too much
is always better than not enough.
As of an inside trading,
in the souls repository in Dobstown?
Oh, come on, Bob.
Remember us?
Remember the old guys?
We used to sell froth mixture to you
way back in the good old days.
We've heard the old Dob's head snake oil routine before, Bob.
We know all about the bleeding head of AP.
But when will it come is what we want to know.
When shall the fabled luck plane tilt?
And when shall things at last begin to flow to all, all, all of us
who despite the perilous times in which we do live, plead,
until you still, oh Bob?
Next day's coming closer, Dobbs.
You haven't got all the time to the end of the world, have you?
Hadn't you better just get cracking, Mr. Dobbs?
Don't you think it's time to get your ass out of party mode
and back up the crack?
We're all in this together as a team
that we're gonna make it work.
And I don't know how to make it work.
I don't know how to do it.
I'm gonna do most of this mission.
But I do know that I can assure you that my piece of it is gonna work.
My piece of it?
It won't fail because of me.
It won't fail because of me.
I ain't gonna mess up.
You won't be wasting your $400 million on me.
I will be the first man from Norway to conquer the lunar surface.
This is reality, baby.
The force of my mighty huge propiscus.
Let's go.
And nothing will fail because of my propiscus.
Life's huge.

It's all been pre-packed and gelled and fudged around with for the last 25 weeks.
And here on the diphthong chart, you'll notice it's all the way up from here,
straight into the cosmos.
And we're not coming back because of...
Well, we're not allowed back.
But that's another story entirely.
And for those of you who enjoy stories,
Reverend Jim, I mean, Blary, is it?
I'm sorry if I'm reading this right.
From the Church of the Unctuous of Juniors,
we'll...
I would like to brief you.
If some of you are wearing, I notice, the french-fried boxer shorts.
These will not only not glow, but they may cause a toxic...
Could somebody turn that cowboy down?
I think I'm losing oxygen.
I'm sorry, but that's not oxygen you're breathing, sir.
I think it's got a leak in it.
No, you're breathing pure nitrogen all the way.
I thought it was something funny.
I'm sorry about this tank.
I can feel it in my muscles. Now I...
This is church air.
All of my capillaries are expanding.
It's been... It's actually been quite a few years.
A couple of years since we've tuned in to the Crazy Astronaut Channel.
So, so long ago he was set adrift.
But they thought that mighty Achilles may have lost his mighty, smelly, heel and solely surface.
But far beyond the rocks where Palimpus had lured him nearly to his death,
he could stop and look around the cosmos and see nothing but a bright panoply of stars.
I got a pitch and a roll program and this baby is really gone.
Somebody's having fun out there.
I didn't know they had daycare centers out here.
Which, they're putting little tiny babies in little tuna cans and shedding them adrift with maybe just a little...
They started putting the babies in the tuna cans long ago.
Yeah, we...
How do you think you got here, Dave?
Oh, for crying out loud, babies were the first thing we done, kid.
They send them off... They send them off actually as egg and sperm in their little, you know, spaceship.
And Dr. Schmula has been working with...
The spaceship nurtures them completely, supplies them the teat to suck on.
As they begin to approach the star that has the hospitable planet, a thousand years from now they'll be...
And the developed psychic...
A magic memory gland with which to nurture them.
Yeah, nurtured it to end...
So that the kid is actually born on the new planet.
But he's raised by robots and terry cloth wrapped wire mother scarecrows.
All right, he's moving into a junction now with the breast with the actual nipple itself.
The mouth has come open and the star child is ready to absorb the nuclear milk from the...
I mean, when they come back...
A hundred thousand years from now when those colonists, the civilizations born from those robot-nurtured colonist babies come back,
will they be anything like us?
Will we be able to call them human in anything but form?
And even then, think of the mutations that will occur with the radiations of a different star.
Yeah, after about a million years.
Not even that long.
Will they understand real estate?
I was about to grab the nearest object and smash the mirror into bits when I saw one with columns of numbers running across it.
I fancy myself comfortable with numerals, but these were beyond even me.
Fortunately, its words were not.
As cycles came and went in groupings of ten thousand years, the sixth ice age receded, leaving behind the muted landscape and...
...four continents.
By the four hundredth millennium, the genetic separation was irrevocable.
Occasional mutations proved the rule, rather than overturned it.
Separated into Eloatus humanus and Morloccus dishumanus, the former homo sapiens left no genetic trail by AD 492,965.
We've been tapping into the NASA radio signals for...
...quite a while here, and we've just caught up with July 1969, because this is the Apollo 11 stuff.
So are we going backwards or forwards now after we pass that?
We're going away from Earth.
Yeah.
So that means we're going to 1967?
We're caught...we've caught up to the 1969 radio waves.
So the further out we'll get, the closer we'll get to the further...we could listen to, like, radio from the Earth.
Oh, pretty soon.
Yeah, we'll be able to listen to some of them cool old sci-fi radio shows and stuff.
And then the last thing we'll hear will be Hitler.
And then we'll be past the radio waves from Earth.
Okay, that's how we'll know that the first focus, as the great drama-brama was calling it, the first focus will drift...
...after we hear a large hyster...planning to slaughter Poland or something, right?
But we've been typing the whole time, so we can just play it backwards.
And then Poland will never be raped?
Yeah.
Okay, that sounds fine.
Does that sound good?

What are they doing out there?
Perhaps they're applying the lubricant.
I know Poland is often very vociferous and recalcitrant as a sexual partner.
Roger, I'd like you to terminate charging battery Bravo at 111 plus 15, over.
Well, the one thing's for sure...
The battery wore out.
Yeah, they're having...
They're just changing the batteries.
At least those dildos...
Are you doing show tonight?
Well, I wouldn't want to be there in any kind of sexual encounter with Adolf Hitler.
Or Eva Braun without batteries.
You know?
Especially if we're going to be using one of those extremely, extremely large physical
re-tuburators.
Well, they're not catching up to Hitler and Eva Braun.
They're just the radio broadcasts of Hitler's speeches, which were some of the first television
signals actually.
Oh, I said that.
No.
They'll still be getting...
We're not going to actually see Adolf Hitler in space.
Oh, wow, man.
You guys had me going.
I thought we were going through these concurrent worlds.
You know, where I'd see Adolf Hister, and then...

I'd see Adolf Hitler climbing the podium and going to entrench and start screaming all
these weird...
And then I'll see...
That's for a different dream, Dave.
That's for another time in the future.
Why can't I have the dream I wanted to have?
See, Dave, this is your room right there.
Wow, man.
I didn't know it was so far up there on the top of the vesicle.
Geez, man.
And it's such a beautiful space station looking thing.
It's not a station.
It's just a part of a whole another...
Okay.
Now, you're way, way out on the furthest edge of the rim there, and where the gravity
is about four or five times what you're used to on Earth.
Well, that's why the chocolates, the circles put on your pillow keep floating off.
I get to live in the dome.
You live in the dome itself?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
There's no gravity there.
You never told me that while we were playing weightless ping pong.
He always said you went back to the hospital.
Christ, man.
If I would've known that, I would've tried to get your blue card.
At least get some access going.
Only the Christ man gets access to the dome.
See the little red dome at the bottom end of the whole thing?
Well, yeah.
It looks like a pimple.
Have you ever been down to that room?
It looks like a little pimple on time, on the scrofulous of time.
Man, that's a cool room.
Is it just like a...
Well, what does it do?
We'll tell you next week.
Okay.
It's a chamber.
Until then, keep your head on tight.
A chamber.
And back to the wind.
A chamber.
And your sack and sack.
Packed with indecent energy.


That's Bob's bathroom.
I'm okay.
And here on the tour of the south-northwest eastern wing of the Alesian bathrooms of Bob,
where the first excrementations take place.
And you notice here, there's also a little bit of a...
What's that?
A little extra.
That's it.
Uh-oh.
Hello.
Come in Houston.
Friends on the radio.


Einstein's secret orchestra ESO Swamp Radio is half of the hour of slack, and you can
reach them at Box 81555, Cleveland, Ohio.
That's Box 81555, Cleve, Ohio.
44181.
Before that, uh, old, uh, media barrage number.
Number 11.
Lots of the old, ancient media barrage 11 stuff cut up by Byron Werner and me in Puzzling
Evidence.
We heard G. Gordon Gordon on the finals.
Uh, Reverend Chris Lee singing from Sweeney Todd.
And, uh, When Cometh the Saucers, the long techno cartoon barrage.
That's by our friend the Bishop.
And the really, really tight end of the world collage work and rant there was, of course,
Sister Reverend Susie the Flea.

And, uh, Reverend Lucy from Bob's Slack Time Fun House on WREK Atlanta.
And I should thank all of the stations, friends.
This is this last time that we even exist.
WMUH, Ed Strange there in Allentown, Pennsylvania.
Uh, WUVT in Blacksburg, Virginia.
WEFT in Champaign, Illinois with, uh, uh, C. Mark and, uh, uh, Reverend Thalo.
And, uh, let's see.
We got the, some community members.
We got the community station there in, uh, Dade City, Florida.
And we had C. Jam, of course, in Detroit.
And WORT in Madison where the crazy ape women live.
And, uh, WICA, Wicca, you might say.
And near Milwaukee, Reverend Yukon Jack and Aris Pagana.
And, of course, never to forget WMPG in Portland, Maine, friends.
Uh, WUTS in Sewanee, Tennessee.
WHUS in New York.
WHUS in Storrs, Connecticut.
Goodbye forever.
We're off.
Oh, that song, Planet X-9, by the way, was by Einstein Secret Orchestra.
And we're at www.subgenius.com or post office box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
I'm staying at subgenius.com.
Adios.
We're all gonna go get ruptured now, baby!
But you're gonna blister, aren't ya?
You're gonna bang.
You're gonna explode up.
Yeah, that's right.
Like a little grape.
The planet's gonna go and you're gonna go on it.
Dave.
Yeah, you're gonna go on it.
Tell them why they need to be out there at Brushwood to leave on the saucers on X-Day.
Why they shouldn't stay at home and just lay in bed at 7 a.m. waiting for you.

Yeah, you're gonna have to go to the bathroom and get your ass checked.
You're gonna be out there waiting for the saucers.
Oh, if only their choices were so clear, dear RF, I understand.
And we face not only the extremely, extremely possible possibility of a nuclear holoclast,
we also find that on the dim horizon, not too far away, all of our, well, the civil
liberties and rights that we know and will be taken away by a strange race of people.

They're gonna give it the arc by the light.
And I don't mean to scratch them.
Earthly roles may awhile later with the X-Day I think might expect us to get another
ENTHER to do this with ourroclanthogen.
UFO And Wow.
When Earth ishome, and the Earth isn't, as we're doing now.
The X-Day may well be Blackburn.

You are the crown of creation
You are the crown of creation
And you're coming all the way to the throne
See the change, the very strangle
In the only way it's granted
The face of the possible
Turn
Royalty to the kind
We cannot tolerate our minds
And royalty to our kind
Royalty to the kind
Royalty to the kind
We cannot tolerate our minds
And royalty to the kind
Royalty to the kind
Royalty to the kind
