It's chaotic.
Y'all swag.
It's chaotic.
It's chaotic.
It's chaotic.
It's chaotic.
It's chaotic.
It's chaotic.
It's chaotic.
It's chaotic.
It's chaotic.
It's chaotic.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
For in a world of darkness, danger, and despair, we can go on smiling, cause we know that Bob Dobbs is always there.
And I know that Bob's on my side, I know it as sure as I'm born.
He will make the proper deal with the exes' whore.
Then we'll come to meet him, and we'll greet him, and rule forevermore.
Bob is my one true savior, you can't keep all of the rest.
Looking at his smiling face helps me when I'm depressed.
For the pinks, I sure feel sorry, for tomorrow they'll fry with all the rest.
Bob's got no real brain to speak of, though his luck has seen him through the lack.
For all the geniuses led us down the wrong track.
Least we know a subgenius won't turn around and stab us in the back.
The con thinks they have us suckered, but I know that that is a lie.
They're due for a big surprise from demons from the sky.
Makes me so glad I wised up, got it sized up, hell I'm a lucky guy.
Bob brought me slack and that's lots more than I ever got from the con.
Though I know it's only...
Cause of all those pills...
Heck, I know he ain't too clever, but whatever he says I'll do or die.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
That was Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger, Bob's my one true savior.
Before that, we heard the swinging love corpses doing pick a booger.
One of their most popular songs.
That's Dr. Philo Drummond and his brother Sphinx Drummond on vocals.
That was the Drummond Brothers and Cousins Band.
The swinging love corpses.
And the song Praise Bob, that was the walk-ins.
That's from a long time ago.
From our old Bob songs CDs.
Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger, who did the song I just played.
He's...
Publishing short stories.
I've been reading them.
They're great.
He publishes them under his human street name of Seth Deitch.
That's D-E-I-T-C-H.
And if you weren't poking around on the internet for Seth Deitch,
you would find some really good books.
Also, we'll be talking about...
Lonesome Cowboy Dave's book Neighbor World.
Because it actually is out.
But...
First...
Oh, oh, here's a...
Okay, I'm going to play another couple of songs.
This one coming up is written by me and it's me talking.
But the music and the mix were done by D.K. Jones.
Hmm.
Ahem.
In answer to your first question, can good Bob quit you a job?
Well, hi.
I only shite Bob the Doggy.
Or I'll be gobs of gully gosh.
You better puke your pee on full throttle puffed teeth.
Elsewise, your wonks will be a wagon down on Mammy's hind nanny.
Cause there's a case of slaves and slack robbers out to chop your slobber.
Pigs and dicks licking the icky stinky off your tongue.
Just when your rifles will throw them the bone, slap back them and bomb ass.
They don't...
Want your bone to be.
And if you got the cleft in step, Mammy-o, they'll hate your work.
Hey.
Way worse.
So why can't your peezer pop a squeeze?
Your women gushers are going all normal and anti-right-line.
Cause you're no gaseous sex in your sneezing chamber.
Ticing an empty splatter in your beanbag, boy.
Where's your rollerball then?
I can't drop me no love.
Roll on me.
Loochoo, loochoo, logo man.
They cut your check purse and water your creamery coming and going.
And the slob to love it won't be near your oven.
Cause the slacking ass of the grinning sinner be there claw to bleed.
They are dogs who do ya.
But you are letting them bang down the barn doors.
And your cows are getting it and out.
You be gonna moon the man.
Or boar.

Or jolly oaf mooing to the slacker house.
Like cool babies, but her butt her dog.
You're gonna have to spreach English, Jake.
Get right with your muscle snake, snuff monkey.
Quick spritz in your blizzera.
Lessen it snowing like lupin' juice.
Elsewise, you're clickin' bleeders blowin' hot water.
You'll co-bind or please your neethers tryin' not to.
Either way, you're gettin' up on the wrong side orbit.
For this kind of rollin' bitch.
free peed-needed side trade.
Well, won't you just stand there like a Danny Nichols slug?
Or are you going to bust your flipperer in a righteous harmony?
Hey, boy, you've got weenie ribbers in your fluter tube.
Join Guncho with the true and the seed brave.
And Pete from Bob, man, it's senior jeans.
Buy out the gland owners with what you earn.
With your skinny, peely face of pain.
Bleach a piece of the fine ass.
Have a fuzzy, big bock.
And strut your heart-bent, soft blow.
For the rack court, the rocket racket.
This space outer belongs to your worship and the crutch of your choice toys.
And I've been plumbing the flush lugger of beers to let them sack.
You know who's a cop?
Them gins ain't mean to harm our nobody.
Know some ass?
Cause you just worked in the buzz of the good.
And they'll be some gone by now, baby.
But this has been your re-enunciator.
Thank me.
Thank me.
Thank me.
Thank me.
Thank me.
Thank me.
Thank me.
Thank me.
Thank me.
Thank me.
Thank me.
Thank me.







Oh yes, dear friends, DK Jones did the music on that.
You know, Princess We, since I got these hearing aids last year, when I hear these old sub-genius
songs, I'm hearing details that I missed 30 years ago.
I guess I've been deaf for that long.
So what do you think?









or my hearing was compromised.
Wow.
Even that one.
Well, you know how it is.
When I've been listening to old rock songs,
I can understand lyrics that I didn't understand
when they were new rock songs when I was 25.
So it's kind of frightening.
Hearing aids are weird, folks.
Yes, they are.
They make human speech sound clearer,
but they do make things sound a bit weird.
Of course, I guess it depends on how you're hearing those.
It's kind of like eyeglasses.
They're made for the individual person.
If I put on Princess Wee's eyeglasses,
I feel like I've become instantly drunk.
And we've never tried Trey.
Even hearing aids.
Yes, you tried putting my hearing aid in the other day.
I did.
You said that it wasn't very strong.
Oh, right.
That's why I don't remember.
It didn't do anything.
I was still deaf.
Yeah, whenever I just need the world to become quiet,
all I have to do is turn them off.
Yanka Mountain, there's this big soft blanket on everything.
Princess Wee and I have been packing up our stuff
because we really are moving to Texas.
We'll be back in Cleveland in the summertime
to run our festivals, Starwood and so forth.
But this weekend, it was our old LP records,
the final records.
That's kind of a strange thing for old folks.
We haven't actually played any of them in 20 years,
partly because they were blocked by other things in front of them.
But there's, of course, you know, a thousand of them,
something like that, about 12 feet of them.
Yes, and it's funny how just looking at the album covers
makes the songs start playing in your brain
that you haven't heard in all this time.
Right.
Right.
Which is why we ended up...
We ended up photographing a lot of them
and we're going to give them or sell them or whatever
to our buddy, Reverend Angry Larry,
because he runs a used record store in Detroit
called Weirdsville.
Now, it looks like...
You know, I deliberately didn't play a Rainmaker song
I was going to play
because it was 920.
But then nothing happened.
And now it is 923.
Yeah.
And there is still no Dave on the phone.
What has happened?
He forgot.
And so I'm going to play this song by the Rainmakers
about life, the universe, and everything.
It won't make any sense to you, but it's great.
If you're going to play it, go ahead.



When I was just a baby back in Roskitt Heights
Tonight at 57 on a Friday night
Scooting on the road on a hardwood floor
Mama hadn't grabbed me, I'd been sucked out of the door
Singing to the left, to the right
Like you're not going any one direction
Singing to the country
Singing to the country

Back to town
And do not pay to follow me down
Me and Brother Billy won't begin the search
While our daddy played the guitar at the Methodist church
Cheap hot rattlin' china with a gospel choir
Blowing up salvation on a long tripwire
Singing to the future
Billy's gone
I do not go according to directions
Singing to the future
Men the muscle
Set the tone
And do not pay to follow evil
I am a!
I am a!
I am a!


I am a!
I am a!
I am a!
I am a!
I am a!
I am a!
I am a!
I am a!
I am a!

I am a!
I was hoping out of Dixie just like I've been trained
Nothing ever ventured was, nothing ever gained
With the flash of a bulb I was chasing the muse
Broke through the smoke and the smell of the fuse
Hour on hour till the end of the week
Minute after moment of the blissful evening
Day after day on this captainless ship
Taking turn after turn on this glorious trip
Singing, to the left, to the right
I do not go in any one direction
Singing, when I'm lost, where can I be
Just by pain and wonder with you
Only you really can take me
Never knowing how my dreams
They will shatter to hate

I just need you
aí
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hmm, I see.
If you can.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, it is an uh-huh kind of thing, you know?
Yeah, it's kind of an uh-huh sort of thing.
It's also, uh-huh, uh-huh.
And there's a whole bunch of them.
That would be a whole fun thing to do for a couple weeks.
All the uh-huh things?
Yeah, just all the different ejerculations of a visible audio,
really, audio.
Yeah.
And then, you know, the reality that you want to come up here,
you can just like, you know, all the way from ah to ah.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Everyone.
Yeah.
Some of them would be Mandarin.
Some would be side pork and belly jar.
We need the Dr. Sinister for that.
Because he has five sinister.
Yes.
Hi, Dave.
Hey, Doug.
I mean, Earl.
Stang.
Reverend.
Reverend.
Reverend Stang.
Yeah.
Or Mr. Doug.
Mr. D, you could call me.
Well, luckily, there is a delete button on everyone's forehead.
And you can all.
Yeah, but it only works if you hit it really hard.
It's delete?
I thought it was delirious.
It's delete?
I thought the D was for delirious.
It is.
It's for, well, delirium, actually.
No.
It's delirium.











It's slightly different.
Dave was talking about a button.
You were talking about the letter D for desperate that you see on the foreheads of many young
men.
Oh.
And old men.
Oh.
The D for desperate that keeps girls away.
It's the D that only girls can see.
They can tell if you're desperate.
And they, it doesn't, you know, that's the biggest turnoff is the big D on your forehead.
Yeah.
And also, when you think of D, what do you think of as far as service to the Crown or
the obsequious and bold?
What?
Like, that's, D means poor.
So, that's what women are actually seeing, like, what is this per person's per personal
sexual instincts and performance ratio?
And you say, he's stinky.
Well.
D is poor?
D is poor.
Well, if the poor guy is actually rich, the ladies can look past that.
Right.
And he's fair.
He's fair.
If he's suddenly average or C or minus above, which is when they, like the Galapagos Islands,
they've been doing that for centuries, trying to get turtles to look alike.
And some people have, everybody's same haircuts and stuff.
That's sick, if you ask me.
I'm looking at an ad next to the catalog listing for this book called Neighbor World.
On Kindle, on Amazon.com.
The ad says it's for a book called Clones.
They're clones.
They're identical.
And they're falling in love.
And it's got a picture of these two boys that look alike.
Now, is it another book with the same name?
Or are you articulating?
No.
Well, it's a clone of a book called Clone, about two clones that are falling in love.
And it's being advertised on the same website?

Yeah.
And it's being screened as Neighbor World.
Yes.
The point is, the point of this show is, the sci-fi novel by lonesome cowboy Dave, The Lucky, is published.
It is.
You can actually find it on Amazon.com.
And you can, that's the Kindle version right now.
The paper version is not on Amazon.com yet.
But there's a Kindle version on there.
And it has a preview of the book and everything.
Woohoo!
And at the, I don't have copies of it yet to myself for my subgenius.com catalog.
But CreateSpace store will send you a copy of Neighbor World.
218 page long copy.
Here it is right here.
Listen to the pages go by.
Hear that?
That's an authentic copy of Neighbor World.
218.
218.
It's a dog-eared, dog-legged copy of Neighbor World because this is one that we use for proofing.
It's a proof copy.
And I'm, hey guess what Dave?
I wrote a synopsis of Neighbor World that you haven't heard of.
Oh, you wrote a synopsis?
Yeah.
Oh, cool.
Well, the, when you look at the, the, the listing on Amazon.com for Neighbor World, it's a copy of Neighbor World.

It says the same thing on the back.
A bulldada science fiction novel by lonesome cowboy Dave DeLuca.
The astounding improvisational wizard of the church of the subgenius radio show, The Hour of Slack.
A little bit of Clockwork Orange.
A taste of the Firesign Theater.
A dab of Flight Crew Brothers cartoons.
A dash of Kafka.
A splash of Fellini.
And a whole fistful of lonesome cowboy Dave.
But, but here's the part you haven't read yet.
It's about, it's about 20 years into the future.
And the lines between television, the internet, and the real world have not merely blurred.
They've disappeared.
Stan Moszc is an advo, part content provider, and part detective.
With a daunting new assignment to uncover and report on a mysterious group called the Weirds.
These grotesque characters seem to be the most dangerous.
They seem to live completely off the grid.
Yet have extraordinary powers to manipulate and twist not only the social media net, but reality itself.
Stan's head is already pretty twisted.
But when the Weirds climb into it, they steer him into a collision course with himself.
Jeez, oh man, that's better than the book, Stan.
I hate to start cracking up and laughing like I don't respect my own feelings.
I'm just trying to get myself out of this.
This is one of the finest snot-pees I've ever heard in my life.
I've spent years trying to just, I think I'll sit down and frown up a little bit.
And just write a new synopsis.
And just, you know, like, think of really, but that was excellent.
As opposed to...
When you publish on CreateSpace, they kind of hold your hand and walk you through the whole process.
And it's like, well, when you write your, your, uh...
Author's bio.
And when you do your synopsis, here's some things to keep in mind.
You know, I actually paid attention to it.
And then I, oh man, I worked on it for at least 20 minutes just on that paragraph.
Uh-huh.
It's a good thing you kept the 20-minute paragraph because everybody of the ignoble belief systems of the articulate or the inarticulate, you know, the ancient architecture of the mind.
So to speak.
Yeah.
So to speak.
And so to speak, it just, you know, makes everything kind of neutral and blasé in content.
While at the same time exploring the outer fringes of consciousness.
We're in certain Republicans, people with, like, chimpanzees and stuff who have, like, tried to braid their armpit hair.
And a real old-fashioned pie, like alien smegma pie from the desert.
Oh, alien smegma pie, man.
Delightful alien smegma pie.
Delicious.
I can taste it already.
I knew golf ball and honey mustard flavor was mine.
Well, the idea behind all this is, of course, to get people to want to read Neighbor World.
And, oh, I should mention, here's the easy way to find it, folks.
And when I get home from the station tonight, I'm going to look and see if there's, if any copies have sold.
Because there's a little page.
I could give you the URL, Dave, where you could look and see.
You could see whether I was cheating you.
How's that?
But the subgenius.com, I put a link to the book on the very first page at the top of the page.
Right underneath the become an ordained minister instantly link.
It says that we started publishing again.
We're publishing actual paper books.
And starting with Neighbor World.
And I'm excited because it was really fun to get a copy of the thing to begin with.
Even the sloppy proof was just so much fun to hold that in our hands and go, we printed a book.
You've got printer's ink in your blood.
Because I've seen, you know, you do, I don't know if you remember, but you gave me two.
Count them.
One, that's one smack smack.
And two, galley proofs of your book.
I've got two books of Revelation X and the other one before that.
You did?
Yeah.
I've got them in the department here.
I got them.
Huh.
That was the conspiracy publishing those.
When the conspiracy sells your book, you get, say they've got a $20 price tag on it, you get two bucks.
And if you're me, you have to split it with Philo.
And you know, the printing costs are cheap.
And Hagenbrenner and Wellman and Sterno.
And Mavridis.
I said Mavridis.
Oh, you did.
Yeah.
The next book we're going to publish is another science fiction book.
Yeah.
That's by an Australian fellow who I've never met, but he's been real funny on the Scrub Genius members only subgenius forum for years and years.
And he, he's a genius.
He started posting chapters of this book and it was a, it was, it's, it's part of subgenius mythos.
It actually has some connections with our exist prophecies and stuff.
And that's, that one's.
How would you.
Eyelash is the name of it.
Isn't that what it is?
Eyelash?
Yeah.
I'm crazy.
Can't remember.
It's just when you most want to remember something, you get confused.
But yeah, yeah, that's.
And then I'm going to reprint our old magazines that I lost my butt on financially in the eighties and nineties.
Yeah.
I used to print.
We did seven issues of something called the stark fist of removal that the most of them were over a hundred pages long.
They each took about two years to put together.
And when I finally mailed them out.
I was broke because the subgenius is we're owed that, but then they didn't order every, all the tapes that were advertised in there.
I thought that would help.
And they were highly graphical too, weren't they?
Much in this way of the clip art movement of punk rock days.
Well, actually we mostly did original art, but we did use clip art.
Yeah.
In those days, the copyright problem was not such a big deal.
Fuck God.
You know, I'm going to have to think about that when we reprint those.
But there was a lot of art there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There is a lot.
Yeah.
They're very, very graphic heavy.
My policy was half art, half text, no blank space allowed.
That's not actually a good design move.
No white space.
Right.
It goes against the rules of design.
White space is easy on the eyes.
But, but we were.
They never wanted to be easy on the eyes or anything.
I don't know.
There's nothing else.
No.
Now that I'm 65, I understand why the old folks complained to me about the small print.
Our books are all in like nine point print.
The magazine we use nine point.
Well, so did Time Magazine and most newspapers, but now I sympathize, you know.
I'm getting kind of watery eyed as time goes on.
Oh, when I went, when I was looking for neighbor world.
It's like after I pushed the approve button and it said, okay, your book is out there.
I went, well, what happens if you just type in neighbor world now?
And actually, what did I do?
I ended up typing in the word subgenius and doing a search on create space and what should come up but a rip off.
Some guy named Darryl B. Cobb had published a book.


With create space that had J.R. Bob Dobbs as a character and used our trademark image for their graphics.
Stole some art that Sterno did years ago.
And Darryl B. Cobb, if you're listening, you better tell your relatives to buy copies of that book today because tomorrow it will not be there.
All I have to do is send create space a link to my trademark page.
Okay.
And then I'll send it to the U.S. trademark office and they'll take it right down.
They will cease and desist.
I hate doing that.
What a, what a.
Rip off is a rip off.
Yeah, what a rip off.
What a dictionary definition jerk.
That was what you were about to say, right?
Yeah, that's what I meant.
That's what I was about to say.
Of course, I wouldn't have tried to intimate anything foul or vile.
Right.
No, never, of course.
No.
No.
Well, yeah, man, we're, we're, you're an author again and I'm a publisher again.
Woohoo.
I think it's a cause for celebration.
Let's break out the champagne.
Let's.
Well, you know, the big difference is.
Morphine into our nostrils or no, let's not do that.
The thing that made this possible is this print on demand technology.
Right.
Because previously, if you wanted to be a publisher, you had.
To pay somebody to print your books and then they sat in your closet and filled up your closet for 15 years.
Now, I didn't do that, but that's what happens.
The same thing was when you publish your CD, you know, you get a thousand copies pressed of your CD and well, you have a thousand.
You have 990 CDs in your closet for the next 15 years.
So when you can let somebody else do that, the way this works is when somebody orders Neighbor World, a machine prints it up right then and there.
And I guess a little robot carries it to the post office or something.
It's all very automated.
Yeah.
Or a little drone or sometimes just a regular old tube of toothpaste works or a wax mustache, you know, and a couple of happy days out in the woods.


Or a little robot in Michigan wilderness with her underpants on your head.
They were talking about Amazon was seriously talking about delivering stuff by drone.
Did you know that?
Yes.
Princess, we that seems so crazy.
Yes, they were going to auto deliver to people with drones.
Right.
But you would have to have a special Amazon delivery landing place.
Yes, everyone would have to have their own little landing pad for their Amazon deliveries.
Right.
And there couldn't be any trees nearby.
No.
Or power lines.
And it couldn't fly over any public people.
Just that's why the Euro rules about that stuff.
Yeah.
That's why the Euro model and the American model are so different because the Euro model, everything's just like about six inches to a foot underground.
And then the United States, everything is up in the air, like, you know, your electricity and your cell towers and all that.
And all your stuff like that.
And they like fewer to go to Deutschland or Italia or France or someplace like that.
You'd notice very less.
You'd notice a lot less of those.
That's because them foreigners are chickens.
They're hiding in the ground, hiding their wires.
No, it's because they're not scientifically goofballs like American is.
You know.
Oh, well.
You can't.
You gotta put your cell phone towers up high.
My brother leases a part of the property to a cell phone tower, beaming microwaves everywhere out at the ranch.
They had goat yoga yesterday.
Yes.
Yesterday was goat yoga day at the ranch.
That's not a joke.
It's now a family business.
They even hired a.
A professional yoga team.
Absolutely.
To come out.
And the only difference between it and any other kind of yoga is there's a bunch of goats running around.
Well, it's a bunch of dang goats.
Dang it.
If there are any goats around that can just, you know, the little goats that can hop up on your back when you're doing a, oh, let's say, child's pose or.
The down dog.
Cat and cow or a down dog.
Yeah.
And you have a, then you have a goat just hop up on your back.
And it's a, it's like a massage.
Yeah.
If you lay on your belly and the little goat walks back and forth across your back, it feels great.
I think it's very, I think it's very silly and not unwieldy, but like an orthodox and a little bit like, because you're training goats.
You know, goats were meant to be at state fairs.
They're just blowing up balloons with their flatulence.
Have you ever played, what's that game?
I keep wanting to say goat yoga.
Goat simulator.
Goat simulator.
It's the greatest game in the world.
Yeah.
It's all you do is just kind of be the goat and you butt, you get points for butting people and destroying things.
But you can't.
But don't lick a passing bus because your tongue will stick to it.
And then the goat will be pulled by his tongue tumbling down the street.
Oh, that's horrible.
Get out of here.
That sounds like a fun game.
Remember when Bucky showed us?
Yes.
He was the one who first showed us that.
Yes.
Reverend Bucky Argyle.
It was amazing.
He had that, he knew how to make the goat get to the top of a skyscraper and under construction.
Yes.
And then do stunts and damage.
I love the music that goes with that video game.
I have played that music in this studio before.
It's great music.
I held it up to the mic.
Kind of like Clasper.
What's in the background?
Is that which disco or is that?
Yeah, it's which disco.
Jay's which disco.
It's which disco with you on guitar and the late Chaz on keyboards and Michelle George on electric violin.
The Hendrix of the electric violin.
The Hendrix of the electric violin.
Only much, much better looking than Jimi Hendrix.
No comment.
And frankly, he was kind of a scruffy looking fellow.
Yeah.
But if his daddy could only see him now, then that would make a big difference, I think.
It is.
See, when he was pre-pubescent, do you remember like in the locker rooms like before they had the famous warfare films about France and stuff like that?
And Hendrix would come out in his center stage and he'd light the guitar and fire it.
And then he'd start whopping on somebody in the audience.
You know, he'd like to hold up that fiery guitar, just beat him down with it.
I told you Dave was kind of weird.
He'd get the hot fiery fire in the fire face and burn him with the hot fire and stuff.
Except Dave, I never heard of that before.
All this stuff that you're saying, I never heard of it.
I think you're making it up as you go.
Fake news.
Excuse me, I just need to avenge your ridiculous theocrats.
I told you Dave was extra surreal tonight.
Man, he is off the hook.
Yeah. Should we call him?
Should we call the hospital?
I guess we may, maybe we better call him.
Dave, do you need to go to the hospital?
Why do I think so too?
You're teetering off the hook, dear.
I say I'm round the bend or something like that.
I'm going round the bend.
Again.
Again.
Again.
Choo choo boom, choo choo boom, choo choo boom, boom, boom, choo choo boom, boom, boom.
Round the bend again.
Like a flag on a violator with a dog's rear end.
You know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
See, he just came up with a new song right there.
Yeah, what he sang.
Yeah, that thing he just sang.
Yeah, that.
I recall when that whole band, Chaz, you, and Michelle, and Bob Mosick, the drummer,
would all come to the radio station and jam right here in the radio studio.
While ranting.
Yes.
Yeah, that was wild.
Back then you could smoke in here too.
I witnessed that.
You weren't supposed to, but everybody did.
Yeah.
You could put beers in the refrigerator and do all kinds of things.
Before 9-11, oh yeah, you could do.
Oh, they'd smoke out the window.
They'd hold a cigarette out the window and smoke.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I remember that.
What do you mean, they?
We.
I don't smoke.
I haven't smoked from-
We did then.
When the old studio, when did we quit?
Nineteen?








Ninety-seven, ninety-eight, ninety-nine.
I don't know.
I quit in 99.
Yeah.
But I mean, they weren't just smoking cigarettes, some people in here.
They were smoking that May-Riwana.
I've seen them do that.
No.
No.
I would see big, like, officially large and small people, some of them that have like
funny elf ears and stuff like that, laying on the couch.
And they'd get angry with you because you turned on the light because you go in the,
in the what you call it, room there.
And somebody thought it was like his own private bedroom because there's a lot of people













there doing a real late shift and everything.
So they'd just go in there and close the door and spread out, get a pillow and a blankie
and a little huggy bear and a little snuggle bun and, you know, and have a few of somebody
else's beer and fall asleep there.
Well, that's what student and independent radio is all about.
It's a crash, it's really more of a crash pad for the DJs than any, any earnest attempt
to entertain the listening public, as the listening public can tell right now.
Right.
It's like, why don't those people just shut up and go to bed and put on some decent music?
In Prentice Local, whatever that means.
What does In Prentice Local mean?
It means Lonesome Cowboy Dave is crazy.
In Prentice Logo?
In Prentice Logo?
In Prentice Logo.
It's a legal phrase.
I used to non...
I used to...
There's a legal phrase for people who are crazy.
Of course...
Non-compost mentis.
Right, that's it.
Yes.
Yeah.
There you go.
And when I don't have my telephone, I don't really have a brain.
Not able to look things up and I cannot say things.
Non-compost mentis.
Yeah.
Not in your right mind.
Not in your right mind.
Your mentis is not composed.
Non-compost mentis.
Yeah.
You're out of mind.
It's like scraping the scrotum sack of a very, very, very old man when you've reached
a level like that there because it just doesn't have to be that way.
Speak for yourself, old man.
I don't...
You're a scrotum old fellow.
Who all goes back to that?
He's so scrotum.
Dave?
Yeah, that's why they call him Scrotum DeLuca behind his back.
They do not.
You just made that up.
I've heard of people who are scrotum.
People call me Scrotes.
Old Scrotes.
Yeah, sure.
Scrotie man.
And then there's that Reverend Pease.
Why do they call him Pease?
Because of the way he smells, man.
And not like little green peas.
That's not the kind of peas.
I don't know that he knows that.
He'll learn that for the first time on this episode of the Hour of Sluck, number 1642.
That's how many.
That's how many.













He's a little bit less than a little bit.

I'm sure you are when you want to be rather than like last week when you couldn't remember
what the ethos was or the diameter.
And speaking of the policies that have been frequently passed out like a seizure post,
have you ever visited one recently in the last few years or months?
A seizure post?
A seizure post.
Where you go and you strap yourself in, in the log jam, and you have a seizure or two.
That's when you get out of bed.

And the log jam measures your seizures?
Yeah.
How do you induce?
A little electrovolt thing they put on the side of your mouth socket here,
so when the foam comes out, you don't short, you know.
Wow, that sounds intense.
Yeah, it's like when they used to do divascular tune-ups
and prefrontal lobotomies, and they'd make you bite on a chair
or a rubber log of some kind so you wouldn't bite your teeth off.
Right.
Good Lord, Princess Wee, there's 41 listeners.
Yeah.
It must be because they know this show's about to end.
Because I started, when we started, there were only 28.
All right.
These are online listeners, okay?
That's pretty pathetic.
There's puzzling evidence, and they usually have like 100.
But they have a bigger system,
and KPFA is one of the giant Pacifica stations.
Yeah, man, they have a cult following.
Well, they also get rebroadcast off of,
you know, four other stations in Northern California.
You can actually hear the puzzling evidence show
almost all over the whole top of the state.
Wow.
At four in the morning.
You can still hear them in Monterey.
You can get pretty far south and still hear them.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, WCSB here in Cleveland, though, we have to reach Leipzig, Germany.
We have to use the internet.
But you have 41 listeners.
That's true.

That's really good.
I feel so sorry for them.
Especially the 39th one.
The number 39 there.
Look, he's really bored.
You think they all have headaches?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know why they listen.
Like a little girl.
Yeah.
Yeah, my daughter says that this show instantly gives her a headache.
She used to try to...
Strength jobs or something like that.
If we can edit anyway at any time,
torture any member of Stan's family, especially and mostly him, it's a good thing.
It's a spiritually no brainer, especially if there's going to be had.
Like a lot of times people think organ meat is cheap and it certainly is not.
If you're making the right kind of fried up delicacies there.
Church of the subgenius.
It's a no brainer.
No brainer required.
It's more of a no.
You better not have a brainer.
We'll throw you out anyway.
Well, the funny thing is that a friend of ours came up with that slogan.
Dennis Murphy came up with the phrase.
Hey, I got a new thing for you.
Church is subgenius.
It's a no brainer.
And I thought, God, where's that one been all our lives?
That's great.
And I put it on the back of our last book, the Bob Leografon.
And great big print.
And I showed it to him when the book was published.
And he went, so what?
I said, well, that's your line.
I got that line from you.
That's our big blurb on the back.
And he went.
I don't remember.
So it was literally true.
It is a no brainer.
It deletes your brain.
Even after you come up with a great line, you totally forget it.
It's a no brainer.
And it's a hummingbird's tongue of a delicacy.
And you know what?
The show is over now because it's time for.
Over?
Well, actually.
Over?
Or is it ovoid?
Where is Dr. Sinister?
I have seen Keith.
Where's Dr. Overy?
I have not seen Dr. Sinister.
Where's Dr. Overy?
I've seen Keith.
Where's Dr. Memory?
I do not know where Dr. Sinister is.
Are we just going to fade out without any music?
I don't want to fade.
I never want to fade out.
I have to play a song, though.
Well, play a song then.
It's exposed foreheads.
Exposed spelled with an X, not an EX.
Exposed foreheads.
With a four.
Spelled with a four.
Numeral four.
Okay, Dave.
So I'm going to pot you down.
I can hear.










R lysing....
Grrrrrr.
Are you tired?
Re restauranteur atmosphere e si met種
Are you tired?
Ah , the
Heil May COVID Our
We're waiting.
Button pulled by

in the past
didn't know
that it would last
Should I leave it the way
it was
or try again
to pick up the cause
remembering how to
sing the tune
Brian calls another
exit wound
The next day
Is it ever
complete
The next day
Keep trying to
reach
The next day
A hunger inside
The next day
Can't be satisfied
Feeling our way
Feeling kinda good
Asked you to come
To the next day
Didn't know if you would
Something new
but sounded the same
Seeing if we can rekindle the flame
Working
Striving
Learning
Wanting
Searching
Trying
Yearning
Earning
Wanting
Wanting
Wanting
Ha!
The next day
Is it ever complete
The next day
Keep trying to reach
The next day
A hunger inside
Can't be satisfied
The next day
Something new
so something good

Other earned
Another one
you
