If I'm not getting it, then probably a lot of other people won't get it.
No, you're...
This is gonna be your best birthday party ever, Bobby.
You still have a few more decorations to put up,
but your sister's finished her breakfast now, so it's time to go sit on the potty.
Okay.
Must we stand amidst the scum to get the idea across?
These days, perversion gets a bum rap because it's being given a bad name by all the amateurs.
If you want to get the highbrow lowdown on all the subterranean hijinks
going on in the so-called real world you have to live in every day,
turn to us, the experts, the unchained reverends of the subgenius hour of slack.
Wouldn't you like to teleport your debtors into limbo,
smooth out the wrinkles in your brain that contain all your childhood phobias,
and learn how to make your car run on sheer gall?
Well, sure you would.
And who, tell me who, is in a better position to do that?
Than the brighter than bright J.R. Bob Dobbs and his glow-in-the-dark henchman,
that most unspeakable Reverend Ivan Stang?
Why, no one but you, after you've been exposed to an industrial storage tank full of
the subgenius hour of slack.
Every Sunday night at 9 on that sizzling source of nifty neutrons,
K-N-O-N, 89.3 FM in that runaway reactor of the great Midwest, Dallas, Texas.
There's a huge chasm between blazing truth and outright lies,
and you can learn to breakdance on the rope that stretches between them
by listening to the subgenius hour of slack.
You may have to get older, but you don't have to grow up.
Why, just look at what it's done for us.
Unimaginable wealth, girls, flying saucers, and the best hip replacements money can buy.
Swap your oxygen bottle for some nitrous oxide and praise Bob.
Nurse! Nurse!
D-10 universitiesendre.com
secondly
semi
How does a human begin to learn about the OD system?
une womb

I can't tell you?
mmmfuck
contained on this tape may not be suitable at all.
Do not waste time blocking your ears.
Do not waste time seeking a soundproof shelter.
Try to get as far away from the sonic source as possible.
Do not panic.
I am the first person to make this fabulous journey.
Suspended in the timelessness of inner space
are the thought waves of my first impressions.
They will be our only source of contact
once you have passed beyond the limits of normal.
Magnification.
Magnification.

Astronomers can describe in elaborate detail
what happened in a billionth of a second after the Big Bang.
They cannot say at all what happened a billionth of a second before the Big Bang.
Somethingpeople.org
date
Something tiny exploded into
the reality of everything large that exists in the universe today.
Unreal.
VPN
Chaotix

...Uni.host.com
The thing that we see today is a universe which is expanding.
The point is that 15 billion years ago, everything that is in the universe today was compressed into an extraordinarily small volume.
The universe is expanding.
Armenians are suspicious of unterstüt par�os like Athena who ascended to the heavens in specific times.

than simply a story ever told...
If it began from that tiny little unmeasurable point in a void,
where did the point come from?
The Big Bang theory now has a stature comparable to Darwin's theory of evolution,
which is not going to be refuted.
It's one of the fundamental facts of life.
I think we live in a Big Bang universe.
If it's right, and matter, it all began when matter was concentrated in the size of a point.
How did it get that way?
Was there another Big Bang long before that?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
The thing that we see today is a universe which is expanding.
The point is that 15 billion years ago,
everything that is in the universe today was compressed into an extraordinarily small volume.
That whole mass, the universe itself, is super.
And an even this small number is ever dangerously slow toしゃ or possible,

Just think about it.
The ocean of living right now
four quarters of the different oceans rewrite both the blinking globe two tenths of it into one,
which is really light.
And another third of the larger circle's dilution which looks like a few all-se additional rays.
The biggest uh,


the largest celestial 2006 Sindh-USA cone,
The stories he has ever told.
It began from that tiny, little, unmeasurable point in a void.
Where did the point come from?
How did it get that way?
Was there another Big Bang long before that?
It's an amazing philosophical puzzle, isn't it?
Because you have to try to imagine what the universe was like before there was a universe.
A
Yes, friends.
A properly spacey and beautiful and cosmic piece called In Search Of by our good friend in Ohio,
Reverend Ray Sammartano, off of his album Peeling the Big Blue.
A properly philosophical pillow upon which to base the ironies to come.
Yes, we'll get a little bit more down to earth, I'm afraid.
It's party time!
I'm up here.
That little single.
Let's get that diaper off.





I use my potty when I have to pee.
I use my potty when I have to pee.
I use my potty when I have to pee.
Now I am learning how.
Gangster Computer Science.


The Master God Worldwide Secret Containment Policy.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha. See what I mean?
It gets worse and worse and worse.
Well, it's so much fun to, you know, here at the Subgenius Foundation, we've been working on a new book.
And for the last week, I've been piecing together the notes for my very favorite chapter.
The chapter of the book.
It's a chapter about the hate.
The hate, dear friends, of the conspiracy.
All out hate and paranoia directed at the normals.
This chapter will go into explaining the traits of the subgenie versus those of the pinks.
The various conspiracies, political fundamentalists, new age, PC, fashion, etc.
Generally, it's about the natural inferiority of the human.
An entire chapter, friends, devoted to the faults of the pink.
On what's wrong with them and why we're so much better than him.
The pink.
And we were thinking about, uh, title.
Uh, title.
Following the chapter.
The natural inferiority of the pink.
Or we might call it, Man and the Subgenius.
Or we may call it, Revenge of the Neanderthals.
But I think, friends, what we're probably gonna more likely call it is, The Difference.
Because that's what we are.
And that's, uh, what we can certainly, uh, call it.
The
hope to make.
Oh, uh, hopefully I'll, uh, do some sermons from this chapter in weeks coming up.
It covers the crimes of the conspiracy.
The types of pinks, such as the, the deep pink versus the shallow pink or the quote,
benign pink.
And the types of subgeniuses, yes.
And, most important of all, how to fight the conspiracy.
So, uh, I think, uh, I'm, I'm, I'm, uh, I'm not sure.
Anybody else?

Because you know, uh, friends, as, uh, Pope Michael Flores and a bunch of us actually
all said it once, one of the Lee Harvey Oswalds acted alone.
But, uh, moreover as Charles Baudelaire said, moreover, to become serious about a subject
that is as sad as it is laughable, is it not a really stupefying thing to see a neanderthal




nation, several nations, and presently all humanity, say to its wise men, its magicians,
I shall love you and I shall make you great if you convince me that we're all progressing
unconsciously, inevitably, while sleeping.
Rid us of responsibility.
Fail for us the humiliation of comparisons.
Turn history into sophistries and you will be able to call yourselves the wisest of the wise.
Or, as Charles Manson once said, a free mind creating thought may seem in raw form to be mad.
Or, in the words of Charles Manson,
In the words of our good compatriot, Jainer Hyperpleits,
People laughed at me as a prophet, but many of the people who laughed at me yesterday are not laughing quite so loudly today.
And many of the people who are still laughing at me today perhaps will not be laughing at me quite so loudly.
And many of the people who are still laughing at me today are not laughing quite so loudly tomorrow.
When I was the skinniest person in ninth grade, many people chose to laugh at me.
However, when I attended the funerals of these same men, I found that the air itself was burst with a yetinson chorale of mocking, braying, sneering laughter.
They used to push me.

They used to push me and shove me around.
But when Bob Dogs comes into power, I will push and shove them around in boxcars.
People used to smile at me in point.
And they're still smiling, for their flesh is rotting back, revealing the teeth of the skull.
There are no frowning corpses.
Oh yes, they're still smiling.
The only difference is that now, I, I am a human.


I am smiling with them.
I am smiling with them.
Uh, yes, and friends, as I said, Bob's hierarchy will pervert the subgenius religion just as Jesus' Peter ruined Christianity.
And as our guru, J.R. Bob Dogs, said in 1954,
Forgive them first, and then,
you can kill them.
And as some dumb idiot jerk said,
I hate them sub-gum guys.
They said I was a dumb idiot jerk.
Or as my father,
uh, Captain H.M. Stang said,
It's the bizarre idiots that act smart.
And as Charles Fort once said,
I think, therefore, I'm going to have breakfast.
And as Reverend Boxholder, whoever he is, once said,
What do you throw a pink who's drowning in quicksand?
His wife and child.
And as an old man, I think, therefore, I'm going to have breakfast.
And as an unknown subgenius said,
Slavery under Dobbs is preferable to freedom under any government.
And as Reverend Mumbles, or Dennis Worden, I think, said,
Have a nice day, died for your sins.
And as bespoken by the nihilist team,
I am not.
Therefore, I don't think.
But as Bob Dobbs said in Bobco's, uh, B-grade movie, The Evilest Monk, 1959,
he was playing Rasputin.
He said,
If you have a pipe, I will give you one.
If you do not, I will take it away from you.
And as Master Control said,
Any idiot can find something wrong with anything.
That's what makes an idiot!
Because, friends, you know, there's two kinds of people in the world.
Number one, there's those who say that there's two kinds of people in the world.
Those who say there's two kinds of people in the world than the other kind.
But, friends,
The second type of person is the ones who say,
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise damn God, Bob!
Because you know how it is. You look around and you wonder,
Is everybody really that shallow, stupid, ignorant, and naive?
Or is it me?
Have I become something so different, so twisted,
and warped by my lengthy sojourns into my own interior landscape?
That I'm no longer to empathize or even communicate with most of the human race?
Have I become such a mental mutant that I alone feel this disgust,
even hatred for the pinks who run our lives, or try to,
and despair with those pink masses who seem determined to be eternally dupes of the Shark Boys?
Sometimes you think it gets lonely in here,
but then,
I hear my fellow subgeniuses agonizing over the same things,
and I realize, yes!
Yes, it is me! And yes, I am a mutant!
And yes, they are all doomed!
And most of all, I'm not alone in this way of thinking.
Other mutants exist.
And by God's dear friends, it's the truth.
Huh.
We're a shortcut in evolution. That's what we are.
Let me make two points.
Number one, the human race, or Homo sapiens Mediocratus,
has successfully halted its own evolution,
and is now working on its own extinction.
If not in body, then in mind, spirit, and so forth.
Point number three!
The evolution of the Semi-Yeti race,
that's us,
has been marred by ceaseless persecution and repression
by these mongrel quasi-human race anti-Semi-Yetites
with their lightweight butt-chicken-kissing code of normality, or CON.
Congratulations!
Congratulations, humans.
You've managed to halt your own evolution.
Ah, but what conspiracy are we talking about, friends?
Which conspiracy?
The conspiracy that we truly hate
is the overall conspiracy of the normals.
The conspiracy that doesn't even know it's a conspiracy.
The confederacy of dunces that is so vast and so broad,
that it's the cause of all the lesser conspiracies.
And we can love those lesser conspiracies,
because they're not quite big enough to be worthy of our
grandiose and all-powering hate.
The JFK conspiracy,
the UFO bases,
Alternative 3,
fluoride in the water,
Iran-Contra,
the Republican conspiracy,
the Democrat conspiracy,
those we can love in our hate,
because we can get them out of our minds.
We can get our hands on those.
They're apart from us.
They're not as constantly breathing down our necks
as the normworms and the mere humes at large.
And then there's the liberal media conspiracy,
which is every bit as liberal as Westinghouse and GE,
which owns media.
So many, so many conspiracies of fanatics, my friends,
with their false explanations for the truth.
And they're not a reality.
False because they have explanations, period,
that they expect others to adhere to.
But, you know, whoever you are,
there's a conspiracy for you.
What about those who killed Jimmy,
Janice, and Jim,
and John,
and Malcolm,
and Martin,
and Jack,
and Uncle Sam?
And that's all just another tie-in
to the basic CIA conspiracy.
But then all the conspiracies are still there.
They're so interlocked that when you talk about one,
you inevitably end up drifting into another one.
There should be a conspiracy for everybody
to sink their teeth into.
And the church provides this all-pervasive umbrella,
which will allow all of you misfits
to get together and compare notes.
There's still plenty of conspiracies to go around.
We've started hundreds of them ourselves.
The important thing is,
don't keep this information to yourselves, friends.
Spread it around,
because human politics
and the squabbling of nations
is only part of what the conspiracy manipulates.
It has no face.
We know it only by its desires.
The thousands of little conspiracies
within the big conspiracy are real enough,
but they themselves don't even know
who they're really working for.
Many of them even mean well.
But they're all just ravening mouths
for a vast hunger with no body,
with which the Elder Gods have infected the Earth.
Now, of course,
this sounds like the product of a diseased mind,
but wouldn't it,
if what we're saying is even remotely true?
And the conspiracy is also a great mirror
of disfigurement, friends,
reflecting what's wrong with all of us.
It's much bigger than Republicans and the Democrats
or presidents and interlocking corporate directorates.
It's everything from the school bully
to the wimp principal,
from zombie moms and embittered dads
to the Nazis who censor school textbooks
and to the subgenius.
It's the geniuses who try to make this church
like all the others.
What you must remember, though,
is that more than anything else,
the conspiracy is an attitude,
a fear,
an irrational distrust of anything unfamiliar.
This fear pervades our society,
and it's what lets the conspiracy
get away with real murder
on a massive scale.
Oh, Americans love new things,
like Michael Jackson is new compared to The Beatles.
But if, say, a real Jesus were to show up,
why, it'd look just a bit too new
to be allowed to run loose for long.
Gangster computer gods
came out with a computer god
world-wide secret containment policy
made possible solely by world-wide
computer god Frankenstein controllers,
especially life-long constant-threshold brain-wash radio.
Quiet and motionless,
I can slightly hear it.
Repeatedly, this has saved my life on the streets.
Four billion world-wide population —
all living have a computer god containment policy brain bank brain a real brain in the brain bank
cities on the far side of the moon we never see primarily based on your lifelong frankenstein
radio controls especially your eyesight tv sight and sound recorded by your brain your moon brain
of the computer god activates your frankenstein threshold brainwash radio lifelong inculcating
conformist propaganda even frightening you and mixing you up and the usual don't worry about it
for your setbacks mistakes even when you receive deadly injuries this is the worldwide computer
god secret containment policy worldwide as a frankenstein slave usually at night you go to
nearby hospital or camouflaged miniature hospital van trucks you strip naked lay on the operating
table which slides into the sealed computer god robot operating cabinet intravenous tubes are
connected
slimy vicious jew doctor simply pushes the starting button based upon your computer god brain
on the moon which records progress in your systematic butchery your butchery is continued
exactly systematically the computer god operating cabinet has many robot arms with electrical and
laser beam knife robot arms with fly eye tv cameras watching your whole body every part of you is
monitored even for your frankenstein controls synthetic blood synthetic instant sealing flesh
and skin
Is not for the poor good don't worry it's nearly 100站t
Nur
May

─'s
The ComputerGod sealed robot operating cabinet.
Even unbelievable, impossible plastic surgery operations.
All impossible, even for dozens of vicious kosher-bosher doctors
working around the clock for weeks.
The ComputerGod sealed robot-armed operating cabinet
can perform all of the above impossible plastic surgery operations overnight.
Even dwarfing you over a foot, or increasing your height by two feet.
This is possible because ComputerGod robot operating cabinet
imitates your microminiature electrical current intelligence system in your body.
It even duplicates the microminiature electric currents
that soften your broken bones to create mending of them,
and then creates stress either compressing the bones, thereby shortening them,
or stress to make the bones grow longer.
Spring 1984, Mr. Deck, lifelong would-be doctor and printer.
Insight to the worldwide ComputerGod stratified closed society,
perfected by hospital birth, making possible lifelong Frankenstein controls
and lifelong hampering human defense, containment policy.
Hospital birth lifelong gifts example,
deformed, crippled, retarded, pox, hives, warts, moles, blindness, deafness, poor vision, etc.
Kosher-bosher containment policy work, good doctor's secret help example,
cataract, rheumatism, weak heart, damaged vision, epilepsy, fainting spells, paralysis,
loss of memory, trembling, gout, diabetes, many diseases.
The worldwide unbelievable lowest deadly gangster kosher-bosher vicious medical profession,
worldwide unbelievable instant plastic surgery butchery of the body and brain,
especially the face.
Wipe on hormones and laser beam surgery causing instant ugly, deep, wrinkles, scars, age spots,
arthritis, freckles, blemishes, pimples, red, brown, black, or even sick white face and body.
Worldwide dark, negroidic colored male sex organs...
I use my body when I have to poop.
I am learning how.
It's okay if you don't need to go right now, Katie.
Just let me know when you do need to go to the party.
Okay.
Okay.
You're doing so good.
On the floor.
Put it on the floor.
Gently.
Now, just what could have happened to get such a piece of trice?
You have no idea what happened.













I've gone through the last three months.
And your conscious mind just doesn't see it.
Well, when they came out in 1956 with the subliminals, there were two different people,
or types of people, that went to Dr. Hal Becker right away and wanted to use this subliminal.
And you can probably guess who they were.
They were preachers and they were politicians.
Because the preachers would love to get converts, and the politicians would just love to get votes.
And a lot of politicians we would never vote for if we had any choice about it.
But they found if they used subliminals, they could get votes from people who would never support them normally.
And the same thing with people teaching false religions.
That whole game, that whole game is somewhere.
And the movies, the movies ain't doing but program your thing.
They say, put them all on dope.
And all the movies started glamorizing drugs.
Yeah, that's what Hollywood is about.
Hollywood ain't about a trick.
Glamorize drugs.
The French connection, Academy Award winning.
Then how many of y'all saw a movie called Midnight Express?
About a white boy over there and a turkey smuggling drugs.
And they caught him and the movie made the white drug smuggler the hero.
And the Turks who caught him made them the pigs.
Look at that.
Later in the day.
Hey, whoa!
Black souls incorporated.
Bobby Wobby sat on the wall.
Bobby Wobby had a great fall.
All those genius horses and men couldn't put Bobby Wobby back together.
together again.
Even hairy body and furry body, mustached bearded women, even wipe-on synthetic hormones
causing cancerous growth, bloating, swelling, deformed big pickle nose, bulldog hanging
cheeks and jowls, from teenage gradual wipe-on, yellowing, browning and blackening of teeth,
and instant grinding and acids leaving hollow brown stumps, so vocal cords are made raspy,
aged, creating a wrinkled, ugly, gargoylic, clown booze face worldwide population by age
70, deformed, crippled, weak and brain damaged, new, senile, lingering for inevitability of
gradualness, extermination.
For your only hope for a future, do you know one word of pray for me, Francis E. Deck?
Computer God computerized brain thinking sealed robot operating arm surgery cabinet machine
removal of most of the frontal command lobe of the brain gradually during lifetime and
overnight in all insane asylums after computer god kosher bosher one month probation period
creating helpless, hopeless, computer god, frankenstein, earphone, radio, parroting puppet,
brainless slaves resulting in millions of hopeless, helpless, homeless derelicts in
all Jerusalem, USA, cities and Soviet slave work camps.
Something is implanted, an instinct, a blind compulsion to act for them.
But Quatermass, if you're right, what's going to happen?
What's the ultimate object?
I hesitate to guess and speculate.

Except for one aspect, doctor.
First, a few of these things came here at random, scattered, and then expended themselves
to a purpose.
A year ago, phase number two, the concentrated attack.
Let's do that!
TheTechSubgenius is that the Church of the subgenius will help you pull the wool over
your own eyes.
That's right, children, pull the wool.
What do we mean by this, children?
While every since you were a little bitty baby, every since you were a little girl and
a little boy, you've been so much.
your families' wool, your churches' wool, your schools' wool, your governors' wool.
This is our land, a land of peace and of plenty, a land of harmony and hope.
This is our land, Oceania.
These are our people, the workers, the strivers, the builders.
These are our people, the builders of our world, struggling, fighting.
That's us, friends.
Struggling and fighting.
Struggling and fighting.
St. Joe Riley here in Dallas.
A wonderful little potty time tape contributed by St. Jay Condom.
Oddly enough, ironically enough, the author of P-Dog, among other great works.
And, of course, Francis E. Deck, the great, great ranter.
Perhaps one of the most intense ranters.
One of the most intense ranters who has ever existed.
Just short of this one.
Papa Joe Mama.
Hello, friends, and welcome.
The sermon tonight is entitled, The Last Chance.
Yes, friends, 1998 is fast approaching, and a lot of people out there have come to expect the church to start singing a different tune about the Judgment Day.
They say, hey, did you hear the news?
The Berlin Wall has fallen.
Things are getting better.
We say, is that so?
They say, hey, did you read the paper?
The Russians are now our friends.
Things are getting better.
We say, is that so?
They say, hey, did you see it on CNN?
We won the war.
Things are getting better.
Is that so?
And now they come a-running and a-cheerin', saying, roll out the barrel.
We now have a new president.
The Republicans are out.
The recession is over.
It's the year of the woman.
Everybody get naked.
You poor, pitiful little.
Pinks!
Do you really think an eternity of sin can be erased so easily?
Are we now supposed to embrace the conspiracy and call off the excess invasion?
Do you actually believe you can defuse an entire revolution with a few scraps of conspiracy compromise?
Never!
These petty little sidelines of having nice day news don't defer to our attention from the real issue, not for a second.
Dateline, Washington.
New conspiracy.
Conspiracy president sworn into office.
Promises new conspiracy health care plan to keep worker drones healthy and make more capable of serving the state.
More to follow.
Dateline, New York.
U.N. meets for conspiracy roll call vote of conspiracy agenda for global conspiracy world domination.
Renegade nations refusing to conform to new world order will be penalized.
More to follow.
Dateline, planet Earth.
Conspiracy in last ditch effort to avert bloody overthrow.
Attempts to utilize all arms of conspiracy propaganda machine to convince subgenius rebel rousers world is now A-OK.
Member for conspiracy high command states, quote, conspiracy no longer hostile.
Conspiracy now friend of little guy, end quote.
Well, well, well, the world is getting better.
We should just call off the invasion before it's too late.
Wrong!
You can fool some of the subgenies some of the time.
But you can't fool any of the overmen.
Any of the time.
They're much too in tune to the wily ways of the wicked one.
I'm talking about you, Mr. Pink Boy.
Yes, you.
The one with the firm handshake and the easy smile.
You're not tricking anyone with your bold new vision or JFK idealism.
We in the church go by one credo.
Ask not what the conspiracy can do to you, but what you can do to the conspiracy.
And come July 5th, 1998, we're going to put that motto into simultaneous.
We're tear down delicious or
This otheresting olive oil , when the money of college laterторы
indication ago early, what the麦
Water there's no monster out there.

society before being brought to justice. Add to that the criminal's emotional last words, his pleas
for mercy, his insistence of his own innocence, and his reciting of all the good deeds he ever
accomplished. Then imagine the prisoner's family stepping forth, begging for his life, and witnesses
filing forward to testify to the innocence of this great man so wrongly accused. It should be no
surprise that even an intelligent but uninformed person would find themselves feeling sorry for the
poor soul and wishing him a pardon. If respected newspapers were produced and showed article after
article supporting the accused, even the most skeptical in the crowd would likely become
sympathetic. Why? Because they would see in that individual before them not a criminal guilty of
crimes against humanity, but themselves falsely accused and condemned to death for crimes they
never committed.
By now, the executioner should be more worried about their lives than the prisoner should his. The crowd might well demand clemency, and if refused, storm the guards and free the prisoner by force. If you were part of this intervention, you would probably feel proud for the good deed you performed and the terrible injustice you averted. But if a few weeks later, you learn that the prisoner you saved was an insane serial killer, you would probably feel proud for the good deed you performed and the terrible injustice you averted.
By now, the executioner should be more worried about their lives than the prisoner you saved. If respected newspapers were produced and showed article supporting the accused, even the most skeptical in the crowd would likely become sympathetic. If respected newspapers were produced and showed article supporting the accused, you would probably feel proud for the good deed you performed and the terrible injustice you averted. But if a few weeks later, you learn that the prisoner you saved was an insane serial killer, you would probably feel proud for the good deed you performed and the terrible injustice you averted.
You'd probably start to feel anger. Anger at yourself for being fooled. Anger at the actors who tricked you and the newspapers that lied to you. And anger at all the mental dweebs still running around out there claiming the bastard is really reformed and just misunderstood.
This is how we at the church feel about the conspiracy. Each and every one of us at one time or another believed the conspiracy.
Each and every one of us in one way or another served the conspiracy. And every single one of us in no uncertain terms knows that the conspiracy is out to get us.
Every day it tries to capture us, torture us, and enslave our kind. And every single time we get close to destroying the monster, some well-meaning but ignorant bystander starts whining that we're being too severe.
Too extreme. They say that the conspiracy is actually innocent. They say they know because they read all about it in the conspiracy newspapers or saw it all explained to them on conspiracy TV.
They insist that our allegations are exaggerated, that the conspiracy is getting better, and that we should just mellow out. They try to tell us that we ought to give the conspiracy slack.
Dear, dear friends, these poor misguided morons may be in the dark now just as we were before. And we may have acted back then just as stupid as they're acting now.
But that doesn't mean we don't have the right, nay the duty, to destroy the conspiracy while we have the chance.
Do not be taken in by any last-minute media blitz that tries to convince you that the conspiracy is true.
The conspiracy has suddenly turned over a new leaf, because it hasn't. The noose is around its neck. What do you expect the conspiracy to say? We deserve to die? Kill us?
No. The conspiracy will look and act nicer now than it ever has before. So don't be fooled. If you hesitate, even for a second, you give the conspiracy a chance to win the crowd over.
And if that happens, you may find yourself on trial with no more X's around to pull your facet.
Except from the firing squad. There's only one X day, dear friends. Don't blow it. July 5th, 1998. Kill the conspiracy. Cut off its head and launch it through the cosmos.
Here into the wood of our praise, Bob. Amen.
The builders of our world. Struggling. Fighting. Bleeding. Dying.
On our cities. And on the far-flung battlefields. Fighting against the mutilation of our hopes and dreams.
I've accidentally raised the powers of darkness. Please come.
Oh, that's all right. Here, hold on, hold on. We'll get to you. We'll get to you.
I'm sorry it is against my religion to operate the heat and the stress as they do.
Oh, dear, it's that other boring caller. But because we believe in the sanctity of all the human being, we will let him go.
I've cut my beard and I'm going to the bathroom.
It wasn't a coke bottle. It was a can and it really happened.
It did not. Fatty Arbuckle was absolutely innocent.
No, it wasn't.
Eventual brain lobotomization of the entire world population for the worldwide deadly gangster communist computer god overall plan.
So, politics is a dead issue and let me explain to you why.
Why?
You can go to Poland and vote, children, if you want to vote. You can go to Chile and vote if you want to vote, children.
And the people that live there can't vote.

They don't even know what they're voting for.
And you know what they see as democratic freedom, children?
I'll tell you. You know what they want in Russia, children?
What do they want?
They want Led Zeppelin albums and 501 Blues, children.
Led Zeppelin! Led Zeppelin!
The products of a free society are now mistaken for the society which had the freedom to produce them.
So nobody around the country, around the world, is looking for politics, children.
They want ghetto blasters as big as they can get.
They want the Colorado.
Big!
Big!
More slack!
When you invest in pop culture, which is what you've been given as a substitute for politics, children, you get bored in a hurry.
And you get bored in a hurry so that you'll go out and buy more pop culture.
More!
And you're so convinced that your taste in rock and roll or art or movies is what defines you, children,
that you buy and buy and buy to shore up that definition.
And you're playing right into the conspiracy's hands, children.
Right! Right!
But as it turns out, children, you're also playing into our hands, children, because Bob is a savior designed for a consuming society.
Bob is a short duration personal savior.
That's right, children.
Bob wants you to take him into your heart, to take him into your mind, to take him into your what?
What?

And then cast him out, children, and make your own church.
And children, when you look around at the shambles that the modern world has become, children, don't blame Bob.
He doesn't make history.
He just exploits it.
And if children, if you look at these subgeniuses and you see how deep their devotion is and how truly they believe and how much Bob means to them,
and you say,
a joke is all that's left, children,
yes, that's true, children, but it's a joke you can believe in.
And you say this was the eve of destruction.
Surely, my friend, you must have been bled.
I can see all the pain.
Yes, so can I.
It's a joke.
I think you should stay silent a saint will be bled.

Well, you have to be.
And then you're carry on this joke that rename your life.

We are here tonight to talk about, to preach a word of hatred for normalcy, children.
Unlike the Naomi Pamby Christians and the New Agers, the subgenius is a religion of hate.
Now we're not talking about just any old ordinary hate.
You can't just talk about some mealy-mouthed, wimpy little,
Oh, I just hate President Reagan so much.
You know, I just...
hate this society.
Or even worse,
you know, I just hate myself.
What we're talking about when we say hate is an all-encompassing,
an all-interesting,
an infinite hate!
Hate! Hate! Hate!
I'm too busy hating!
Hate! Hate! Hate!
Hate! Hate! Hate!
Because it is our hate of the pink boys, the normals, that gives us our unruly psychic powers.
Yes, in the Church of the Subgenius you can learn psychic powers.
Learn to actually read your own mind!
Oh!

Predict the past and present!
Oh!
Become master of the universe!
While losing weight!
Oh!
Oh!
Dominate yourself!
Revenge on yourself!
Incorrect answers to questions you never would have thought of to ask anyway!
The infinity series collects them all!
But you might ask, who's this hate-directed at, children?
There are some men whose level of hideousness, protest, repugnance, reaches such levels that they are not worthy of being called up for.

We have coined a special phrase for these men.
We call them idols of hate!
Kill me!
Kill me somebody!
Can I get a witness?
Can I get a witness?
Can I get a hate?
Can I get a hate?
Can I get a kill me?
Kill me somebody! Kill me somebody!
Pull the lever down and go, she ain't got no legs!
My legs are on fire now!
Now who are some of these idols of hate?
Well!
I think you know who we're talking about.
Mr. Dishonest TV Evangelist, sir.
Mr. Top 40 Radio Programmer, sir.
Mr. Sleazebag Corporate Executive, sir.
Oh, you don't even know what I'm talking about.
You're just living through the channels.
But by God, you don't hear me now!
Sir!
Woo!
Yes!
Now what is another example of what we call an idol of hate?
Mr. Top 40 Radio Programmer, sir.
Another example of an idol of hate is the guy we call Mr. Just His Way.
Oh, I'm sure you've met Mr. Just His Way.
Is he totally cruel and obnoxious?
Well, that's just his way.
Did he pound your face in with two concrete blocks?
Well, that's just his way.
Mr. Top 40 Radio Programmer, sir.
Did he try to exterminate an entire race and enslave the entire Earth?
Well, that's just the beer talking.
He's alright.
And I can get into that. I think it's valid.
But this is just my way.
I'm just into making laugh shades from the flesh of Mr. Just His Way.
I'm just... I'm just into painting my kitchen with the blood of Mr. Just His Way.
Oh, I do like your kitchen. Do you really?
Well, it's Central Arkansas redneck. Do you think it's really me?
It's just the way I am, I guess.
Now they've got themselves a colony.
And all this went on for a year and nobody said anything.
But who knows how many infected people they've got in high places.
And what about here? Can you be sure of all your stuff?
I think so. I'll step up security in the morning.
The next move is halls.
We've got to break this conspiracy of silence and secret orders.
Your human heart follows your teachings
Now they know how long you've done
And they've heard all your two-sided preachings
Now we know just what must be won
In the sweet wild life
Close, freely and clearly
Come and break the now
While you can
And form a great circle
That shall not be broken
But claim the freedom of man
And the freedom of man
Now you listen to me.
I'll only say once.
We are not sick men.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.



Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.



Oh, my God.

We are not sick men.
Thank you.
And, yeah, some marvelous subgenius preaching there
from some of the greats.
The real greats.
Pope David N. Meyer.
Pope of the Great Pacific Northwest.
Idaho and New York.
Preaching on the conspiracy of democracy products.
And followed by Saint Jane or Hypercliff
with the classic hate speech.

Mr. Just His Way from, I believe, the Boston Babylon of preaching and friends.
You know, you can learn more about that hate and where to pump your hate up
by writing for free information from the Church of the Subgenius.
And what happens when you do that is you get a little catalog.
Basically, it tells you how much money you could spend later on.
On books, tapes, and so forth and so on.
And friends, just write for that free information from Bob.
You can just address it to Bob.
You got that pencil ready?
That's old Bobby at Post Office Box 140306.
That's Box 140306.
In.
Mighty.
Dallas, Texas.
Dallas, Texas, dear friends.
75214.
And we'll be looking forward to hearing from you so, so soon.
Bye.
That was fun.
Bye.
What you are about to see, you may find hard to believe.
A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O, P.
Lizzie, before we leave for Bobby's party,
you need to go to the party.
Okay, Daddy.
You need any help?
No, thanks.
I can do it myself.
That's my girl.
First I put my book away.
Then we'll go to the party.
When I use the party, Dad's so proud of me.
.


.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.


.
.
.









.
.














We really get at this, don't we, Daddy?
.
On top of your party, you're selling to poop.
Oh, life is much better when your diapers don't droop.
But you have to buy a new one.






















You have to be patient.
Just sit there and smile.
But instead of waiting,
why not read for a while?
I'm done, Daddy.
Okay. Don't forget to wipe, flush, and wash your hands.
How often do you engage in unorthodox sexual practices?
Good work, joining our pageant.
했던ercoron.com

Coming to例えば
liner
Oh,
so gentle.
Come on now, break the silence
Come on now, break the silence
It's a sex party
It's an emotional breakdown
It's a sex party
Walking through revolving doors
The system stays intact
Climbing walls, your ass is me
Fingernails claw at my back
Pagan forces cling to us
As we slide in and out of time
It's a sex party
It's a sex party

It's an emotional breakdown
It's a sex party
Come on now, break the silence
Come on now, break the silence
Now, now, I'm wild
It's a sex party
It's an emotional breakdown
It's a sex party
It's a sex party
It's a sex party
It's an emotional breakdown
It's a sex party
