823-7490, 823-7490, 823-7490, 823-7490, oh, by the way, dear friends, you're listening
to radio station KNON here in Dallas, Texas, KNON 89.3 FM, actually in Dallas, but broadcasting
to the mid-cities, Fort Worth, and whatever else you might want to call the Metroplex.
And I think we're going to change pace just a bit from the last show, because it's pledge
drive time, dear friends, oh, yeah.
Yes, once again, pledge drive, and we're going to build it up as much as we possibly can.
823-7490, 823-7490, 823-7490.
20, 20, 24 hours ago, I won't be submitted.
Nothing to do, nowhere to go.
I won't be submitted to a little word check given to the show.
Hurry, hurry, hurry, before I go to go.
I can't get to my fingers, I can't get to my toes, oh, no.
I won't be submitted.
I want to be sedated.
Oh, I bet you do want to be sedated.
I bet you do.
But Jane, go into it, dear friends, because this is a subgenius radio ministry hour of slack
in the middle of a pledge drive show.
Frankly, I don't know if you realize what that means, but that means we don't fool around.
When we do a pledge drive, dear friends, we do it to the hilt.
We plunge that meat axe as deep as we possibly can.
Or we take your fistful of dollars just as deep as we can into our own checkbook.
Oh, yes.
So, come, a big gibs a golly goshin', better puke your peat on full throttle potentate,
elsewise your wants will be waggin' down on mammy's hind nanny.
Why can't your peeser pop a squeezer when the gushers are goin' all normal-like?
Got you no geyser sense in your sneezin' chamber, boy?
Heistin' a empty platter in your bean bag?
Where's your roller balls, eh?
I can't grop me no love grow on this loose...
juju muju band.
You gon' have to spreech English, Jake.
Get right with your muscle snake, snunk monkey.
Quit spritzin' your plizzerer lessen its snowin' white lute juice, baby.
Elsewise, your pleatin' bleeder's blowin' hot water.
You go blind or please your neither tryin' not to.
Either way, you're gettin' up on the wrong orbit for this kinda free-kneedin', bleedin' side trade, eh?
I'm gonna get the gear.
Well, aren't you gon' just stand there like a dammy nickel slug,
or you gonna plus your plimper and righteous hargin' it, pee-boy?
Got weenie ribbers and fluter tubes, don't you?
Join gumption with the true and the seed brave,
and pee for Bob, man, and send your jeans.
Buy out the gland owners with what you earned with your skinny peelin' face of pain.
This has been your enunciator.
Thank me.
Well, thank you.
Okay.
Sing some sad K-N-O-N songs.
Bob days, the Bob days in K-N-O-N.
The Bob days in K-N-O-N.
The Bob days in K-N-O-N.
The Bob days in K-N-O-N.
Today.
Today.
Today.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
That's right, dear friends.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
It is the K-N-O-N days of Bob day, or whatever-
Oh, what is the deal here?!
Here's the deal.
You know, I was just as surprised as you may be-
Melissa and the Pre-Antibodies of Honey Bear作ю
... because the the pledge drive came upon me-
just as unexpectedly as it may have upon you.
I was informed only last Tuesday
that our beloved station here
was not only not anywhere close to going to 50,000 watts
as the previous quote regime had suggested,
but in fact that the station was Jimmy darn near losing
not only its gas bill, but even its electric bill,
that is the transmitter, friends,
the transmitter of KNON,
despite what previous shows may not have said,
unless, I mean, we're going to lose it.
It's an absolutely serious situation this time.
We shall lose that mighty transmitter
unless we all, and that means me and you, friends,
raise some big bucks right quick.
You know, the bills, the conspiracy,
may not be an equal opportunity employer,
but the bills of the station are an equal opportunity destroyer.
Now, I know you've heard all this before.
In fact, you heard a lot more than what we're about to give you.
You heard promises.
Promises that didn't come true.
Now, this time it ain't even that.
It ain't promises.
It's nothing but pure begging.
I mean, friends, we are just trying to stay on the air, period.
And if we go off by FCC rules,
we don't go off.
We go off temporarily.
There is no such thing as temporarily off the air
to them at the FCC.
We go off, we're gone, baby.
Gone.
Now, I can keep sending my show out to other cities.
Great.
A lot of good that does you, huh?
Since you're not going to move to any of those places,
why don't you just call in a bit of a pledge
at 823-7490.
Eh?
Just a bit of a pledge.
Just a...
Like a big bit of a pledge, as a matter of fact.
In fact, in fact, this time, for the first time,
this is how serious it is, this pledge drive.
We ain't fooling around.
You can just frankly show up right here at the station tonight.
That's right.
From 10 o'clock to 10.30, actually,
would be the best time for you to do it.
Show up at the station here at KNON on San Jacinto Street.
Drop off a check or a pure Federal Reserve conspiracy cash note.
I mean, we don't...
We don't care where it comes from.
We don't care if you made that extra money delivering pizza
or if you got it from laundering the government's cocaine money
through Bahama banks in order to finance arms
for the anti-communist weirdos.
We don't care.
In fact, that's fine with me.
It can be tainted money.
It can be ill-gotten gains.
It can be spoiled money.
We just plain need some green, man.
We need some cabbage and gravel, you know?
I mean, I can break down the expenses of the station
as they did at the...
What?
A staff meeting.
But you, like me, as a fellow business person,
experienced in just what it costs to put on a decent 60-minute tank,
much less a station,
you'd be appalled.
I mean, the staff collectively gets less than you do,
and there's four of them and only one of you.
The transmission bills, well, that's more like big business.
It's a horrifying, frightening thing, dear friends,
and no wonder we only have freedom of radio here in the United States.
Nobody else but Japan can afford it.
In Peru, Colombia, and Bolivia,
the TV stations are run by the drug lords.
Well, friends, the frop lords can't run this station without your help.
Call 823-7490 and get this.
This time, dear friends, to show you how much we care,
each person who calls in tonight with a pledge,
we will not only say your name over the air,
not only...
Not only will we thank you profusely, grovelingly, toadyingly,
we will sing your name.
We shall sing out, I swear it,
those who call in, we shall sing out thy names,
aloud, in praise of what you have done for this station,
which might otherwise die,
as just as Davey was actually smushed by Goliath's foot,
despite what you may have heard in other reference tomes,
have we got any calls yet?
We have two calls in.
This is our first chance to go ahead and sing those out.
Dear Brother Reverend Shimon here,
Will O'Dobbs, St. Will O'Dobbs,
and Popess Dominatrix Cecilia.
Friends, what are the names that we have here?
Let me see it.
And then, okay.
Okay.
Oh, gosh, we're going to have to have separate copies.
Here comes another one.
Okay.
Let's start with
Sean Richburg.
And also another pledge in from
Tracy Schultz.
Oh, yes.
Dear friends.
And here is why you need to keep calling in.
I'm going to give you...
We're finally getting some...
I see.
They just wanted the vanity.
The vanity of the subgeniuses.
I don't blame you.
I'm the same way.
I'm going to play you a tape.
This is one of the original tapes tonight.
It's going to tell you exactly why you need
to pledge.
Come down here and...
Friends, we're serious.
Okay.
Yeah.
Well, actually...
Hello, friends.
And welcome.
You know, most of you out there must be feeling
pretty smug with yourselves.
After all, you're alive.
You're healthy.
Your life's insured.
There's a little money set aside in case of accidents.
What more could you ask for?
These are good times.
Easy money.
Easy sex.
VCRs and Nintendo to keep your minds occupied.
You know, they say that the golden age is never the present age.
They really do say that.
But we look all around us everywhere,
and what do we see?
Golden opportunity.
Well, friends, that's just calm before the storm
because tonight's sermon is entitled
X-Day 1998.
Day of reckoning.
We all know vaguely what X-Day is.
Bob told us himself.
That it shall occur July 5th, 1998.
The X's shall land and whisk the good subgenies off
to a never-ending pleasure cruise of the cosmos.
But what of the pinks that remain on Earth?
What will happen to the a-holes that are left behind?
Well, friends, as much as I hate to gloat over those less fortunate,
the fact is they'll get exactly what they deserve.
Now, to any real subgenie, giving the normal what he deserves
is about the cruelest thing he can do.
And that's the same normal that a normal could ever receive.
After all, these are the same normals that have supported the conspiracy for centuries.
These are the same normals that have tortured us with their ignorance and defiled the name of Bob.
These are the same normals that have taken the most free country in the world
and turned it into an ever-growing bureaucratic governmental monster
that feeds on taxes, committees, laws, statutes, buck-passing, and fill-in-the-blank.
Then, once the creature's rot-filled gut sprues out the digested combination of
all the vices before-mentioned by the lawyers and liars that created this filth,
what's the result?
Why, the conspiracy, of course!
And this pile of stinking defecation we're supposed to kneel before,
and worship, and serve?
Never!
Bob will avenge us for the years of conspiracy rule
on that most dreaded of subgenius holidays,
X-Day 1998!
Dreaded by them, but not by us.
Let us look at Bob's prophecy and see what the normals have in store for them, shall we?
Bob's word comes in many mysterious ways,
not all of which are immediately recognized as divine in origin.
Indeed, since Bob transcends time, so does his word.
This revelation popped up in a 1938 radio drama.
In this story, the Martians, then a synonym for aliens, later to be known as X-ists,
have landed and started to round up the normals.
Two of the unlucky survivors meet to discuss the future of mankind.
The smarter one asserts, quote,
I've thought it all out.
Right now, we're caught as we're wanted.
An X-ist only has to go a few miles to get a crowd on the run.
But they won't keep on doing that.
They'll begin catching us systematic-like,
keeping the best, and storing us in cages and things.
They haven't begun on us yet.
Not begun.
Later he goes on to say,
All those little office workers that used to live in these houses,
they'll be no good.
They haven't any stuff in them.
They used to run, run off to work.
I have seen hundreds of them running and catching their commuter trains in the morning,
afraid that they'd get canned if they didn't.
Running back at night, afraid that they wouldn't be in time for work.
They'll be in the middle of the night,

Lives insured and a little invested in case of accidents.
Yay, and on Sundays, worried about the hereafter.
Well, the X-ist will be a godsend for those guys.
Nice roomy cages, good food, careful breeding, and no worries.
Yeah, after a week or so of chasing around the fields on empty stomachs,
they'll come and be glad to be caught.
Now this is 1938, mind you.
He goes on to say finally,
That's not all.
These X-ists are going to make pets of some of them, train them to do tricks.
Who knows, get sentimental over the pet boy who grew up and had to be killed.
Yay, and some maybe, they'll train to hunt us.
Yes, they will.
There's men who will do it gladly.
Well, friends, how much more obvious does Bob have to be?
When he gave this brief preview of the future in 1938,
on CBS, it sent millions of normals into the streets screaming for reprieve.
They repented, they begged forgiveness, and yet, just a few days later,
after Bob Orson Welles in the War of the Worlds broadcast was described by the conspiracy as nothing more than a joke,
the normals went back to the conspiracy way of life as if nothing had ever happened.
They came so close to getting a second chance in men in their ways, but,
they blew it.
They went back to the conspiracy masters, and for their loyalty,
they were genously rewarded with yet another world war.
There's a strange sense of poetic justice to it, isn't there, friends?
Well, they haven't seen nothing yet.
Just wait till the real McCoy comes.
It's only a few miles down the road, pink boy.
And like Dr. Al prescribes to his patients,
if you're caught in the nuclear holocaust and your skin begins to melt,
don't panic.
This is perfectly normal.
Yes, friends, just another normal way to die for the normals doomed to die.
What? Did I say doomed to die?
I should have said lucky to die, for blessed are the dead after X-Day arrives.
The doomed are the unlucky pink survivors who must live out their wretched existence under the cruel and merciless exes.
Cruel to them, but not to us.
Not only will there be no more bowling alleys and golf courses for the pinks,
but there'll be no more subgenies to kick around anymore.
We'll be surfing the celestial stars,
smoking our froth,
unweaving our slack,
and sexing our anti-virgins like there was no tomorrow.
Because in space, friends, there isn't.
Only back on Earth will there be a tomorrow.
And then the next day, and then the next.
It'll be an eternal hell without end.
And we'll be enjoying it all in the heavens on closed-circuit TV.
Because we won't want to miss a single revenge-filled minute.
Praise Bob.
Amen.
Amen.
And dear friends,
oh, the mighty Papa Joe Mama has spake again.
And I'm gonna speak real quick,
just so some of you know just what's going on here.
We are having a pledge drive.
We do require a lot of money to keep this station on the air.
And for pledges under $25,
why, you get a whole program schedule.
How about that?
But for $25, you get the schedule, the bumper sticker,
the K-N-O-N,
rec proof bumper sticker,
and the calendar.
The calendar which prevents your bills from coming before you're ready to pay them.
The bumper sticker which prevents your car from going into a spin on North Central.
For $35, a t-shirt,
which you can come down here at the station right now and pick up.
Bring that $35 to the station right now, dear friends.
We'll take it.
We'll take that money.
We'll hand you the t-shirt.
$45, same thing,
but we'll actually mail it to you.
And $100, and friends,
you can get anything you want.
Just call us up and let us know.
In fact, I believe someone did.
Did they not call in a $100 pledge?
We know them.
Friends, let us sing out the praises once again of the names of those true and faithful
who have come unto us.
All right.
Now, friend, you can go ahead and call while we're singing these names.
Don't worry.
Then we'll sing you later.
Thank you, oh dear friend,
Derrick Anderson.
Terry Ferry.
Larry Fong.
Foster.
Man, this is sounding good.
Oh, we're doctors.
We're doctors.
Ken Jenos.
Gary Mitchell.
Oh, and friends,
we do appreciate every spare penny.
We get, believe me,
the station manager is pacing back and forth in the room trying to make sure we aren't too silly,
and yet that we do get that money in because I've gone through it before,
and it probably is going to come up on one of these tapes,
which I'm going to go to so as to keep you from sitting there listening to me.
Thank you.
Hallelujah.
Oh, hallelujah.
Oh, we can do it.
Thank you.
And over the airwaves,
the pressure to buy, to give, to pledge was relentless.
And although we've got hundreds and thousands that are so faithful,
and God bless you,
God bless you for your faithfulness,
still there are hundreds and hundreds,
maybe thousands who are not faithful,
who made the pledge and for some reason or another haven't sent it in.
And when we count on that,
and it doesn't come in everything,
everything suffers.
We are even having a hard time meeting the payroll right now,
and the people that we have working for PTL have families too.
They have bills too.
Jim Baker's running costs exceeded $2 million a week.
This baby that I'm holding in my hands is one of the first babies...
The first mutants.
...that has been saved...
by Bob.
...through the outreach of the people that...
What do you want to say to them today?
Look at his three eyes, his six legs.
He's one of the first saved.
...with a plan to help them as a ministry.
I know.
They wouldn't ask if they didn't need it.
And maybe get tired of hearing them ask for money and stuff.
But if they don't ask,
sometimes either partners won't give.
Give me the ammunition.
Don't make me beg and plead.
Please.
Give me the ammunition.
I've got the soldiers, I've got the troops, I've got the weapons.
No figures are broadcast to show what percentage of their income
the television evangelists devote to good works.
...big godparent homes for little pregnant girls.
That's why I'm asking you to help me, because I cannot do this alone.
But when it comes to the pitch,
good works are always top priority, and hearts are tied to you.
Jerry, as a faith point, I'll give you $15 a month.
Few people understood this better than Jim Baker.
Heaven's Club is specifically for young people that are seriously debilitated.
Unless you're living, he needs a social life founded in Christ.
He needs his financial obligations met.
So call.
If he'd only call 823-7490.
Oh, there's another one.
And whenever you die, Lily, you don't have to worry anymore,
because if you died tonight, then you would be with the Lord in heaven.
Lily's gonna be with Bob, but what about you, dear friend?
...have made it profitable and powerful.
And your address?
We don't even have to have your address.
You can come to our address.
Alright, could I have your zip code?
Uh, do the people in the camp...
We sure are.
I'd just like to let you know that there are a lot of good Christian people
that are adamantly opposed to what you're doing.
Well, yeah, I know, I know. We don't care about them. Look.
Yes.
I always hit the wrong deck.
Friends, you can come down to, what is it, 44...
4415 San Jacinto.
4415 San Jacinto!
Yeah!
And, uh, actually, just hand your money right to Willa Dobbs, Pope S.C.
You've been wanting to meet Pope S.C., haven't you, boys, huh?
Yeah. And how about Reverend Shimon, okay?
Well, no, I don't...you don't want to meet Reverend Shimon.
And, uh, of course, I'm gonna hide out if I possibly can, but...
Oh, dear friends, do we have new names that we should read out yet?
Just only one?
But it's a big one.
One big name.
And it is...
A hundred dollar name.
Bob Martin.
Only one, eh? Only one's come in in all that time.
You know, I'm beginning to feel a little different than I did before.
I mean, at first it was sounding like we were doing real good.
This pledge drive was starting off powerful and cool and, like, tons of things going on at once and the phones ringing and wildness and craziness.
But, uh, now...
Well, I'm afraid I'm gonna have to let Dr. Zug's Riff speak for me.
He ain't gonna...you...by the way, by the way, this is another reason to pledge to the Hour of Slack.
We get tapes from people like Zug's Riff that are not being released, uh, in any other fashion.
They go only to the friends.
Of these people.
Because, uh, SST Records, though they may play some of his stuff, they ain't gonna play his best because they're part of the conspiracy.
They have to be.
Just like us.
But...
Of course, we're fighting fire with fire, see?
So we need some of your fire...set a fire under our butts so we get moving again, friends.
That's no way to talk.
Don't ask me to speak a word.
I'm fed up with all your bullsh-t.
Soon I'll go away, but you'll find another victim.
You'll find another victim.
You say that I'm paranoid.
It makes me...
Sense.
You think you're blameless.
You just write me off.
Jack.
And go on with your business.
And go on with your business.
Don't ask why you're on my side.
When you like me for more reasons.
You don't have a clue to what in the hell I'm after.
What in the hell I'm after.
What in the hell I'm after.
What the f-ck are you looking at?
What in the hell I'm gonna pick up my guitar.
And play it for myself.
And no one else.
No more freebies.
And if I can't pay my bills.
I'll never lose the will of the people.
It's not that I haven't tried.
But there's a limit to my patience.
Bet your ass.
You spend your money on bullshit.
Reward the many idiots.
Who are just in with the bucks.
And pack up opportunities.
Who get stronger as they make you.
They're blind to you when you believe it.
Just like a devil I think they're through.
Their business is all the same.
They can barely write their own name.
By supporting them.
What does that make you?
By giving money to a stranger.
While neglecting the deeds of your own.
Harvest what you can and what remains.
Because tomorrow you'll be empty and alone.
I feel like I'm doing this with nothing.
Don't have a house, can't pay the rent.
Why go to shows by those who didn't get it.
The whole affair's an embarrassment.
You spend your money on bullshit.
Reward the many idiots.
Who are just in with the bucks.
And pack up opportunities.
Who get stronger as they make you.
They're blind to you when you believe it.
Just like a devil I think they're through.
The music is all the same
They can tell me right now
I'm led by such working men
What did I make you?
This is your chance, dear friends
Call 823-7490
Please do
Or come on down to the station
4415 San Jacinto
At North Carroll
More or less at North Carroll and Ross
We're going to dare and let you all come down here
I mean, half of you are going to be
White supremacists and Christian fanatics
Wanting to kill us
That's okay, as long as the station
Is able to pay its gas bills this week
And keep the transmitter up
That's all we're hoping for
It's all we're hoping for

At this point, and believe you me
We need every bitter
Bitter, bitterly earned penny
Oh, yeah
Ouch!
Yeah, well, chances are
Next pledge drive, there may not be
A pledge drive, that's right
You won't have to listen to
Boring pledge rants like this
Ever again
However, you also
Won't be able to listen to
The hour of slack ever again
Or the late night punk shows
Or the afternoon redneck music shows
Or the weird Sunday shows
Or even the early morning gospel shows
And that'll be the end
Dear friends, the end
Of not only the true word of Bob
Being preached in Dallas
But even the true word of Jesus
For Christ's sake
If you don't pledge
And K&ON goes down
Every preacher you hear on the radio
Will be a
White preacher
Or might as well be
You know, pinkness comes in all colors
Just like subgenius does
And I don't know about you
But about the
Only about one white preacher
In a hundred is for real
Like myself
Sorry to get racial about it
But that's sort of what it's all about
Without K&ON, dear friends
Dallas radio will be just as white
As the Joker's
Pale hiney itself
So what is it that we want?
We want you to call
823-7490
And make that pledge
We want living sacrifices
That's all
That's all we want
No big deal
We want people simply to give up
What they love the most
Their money
And we want a fair amount of it too
To tell the truth
We used to beg for five dollar pledges
Shoot
Shoot
That was a mistake, dear friends
The five dollar pledges
Don't even bother to pay
Because in modern America
Five dollars is worth nothing
Nothing
We have got to get
A fair number
Of thirty dollar pledges
That's right
Thirty dollars
It probably takes a lot of you
Six hours
A whole day maybe
To earn that much
Some even longer
Some, like me
Can earn it in five minutes
Every three years
So I know what I'm asking for
I know it's a sacrifice
And, well, hey man
Let's get down to it
Just why should you give up
That hard-earned three clams
To keep the station on the air?
Is that why?
To keep KNON on?
Well, no, not really
If you get rational about it
You're right
Some other guy might pay your thirty dollars
And if you're like me
You'd just as soon get free radio for free
And you'd love KNON
And you can assume
You'll probably continue to get it
If at its currently sad broadcast power
Whether you pledge or not
Maybe
But that's a big but
But!
That doesn't really enter into the argument anyway
Should you pledge in order to become buddies
With your KNON DJ heroes?
And scapegoats?
No
You don't see us that way
You see us DJs
As ordinary slobs like you
You're no fools
So nix that reason
Should you pledge in order to
Help the minorities and the poor folks?
Oh, hell no
I mean, that's hypocritical
Bleeding heart
Liberal
Patronizing thinking
And I doubt if any of you listeners
Are of that disgusting persuasion
Because you know that the minorities
Who are actually majorities anyway now
Don't want help
They want slack on their own terms!
Just like you do!
And they don't mind earning it
Leastwise not the subgenius ones
So why give money to KNON?
Well, here's why
For the worst and least rational reason of all
For moral reasons, dear friends
It's as simple as that
Moral reasons
And there's not even any point
In my trying to define good morality to you
Either you get it or you don't
As a matter of fact, that's a stupid
Even that's a stupid reason
Reason to give money to call in
Is so we can get out of here, man
I mean, look, we need, we
How many names do we have to sing out?
Three
Friends, we're going to sing these
But we may sing them with a certain
Doleful sadness
For these are so
There are so few faithful
Those who are well-wishers may be
One more
Here are the faithful friends
Those who count
Those whose names we will remember forever
Etched into Bob's inner pipe bowl
Mike Stewart
Sally Campbell
John
pods
And
After the
You're tough


Types
You thought

Whoa




I save
can see so many of you sitting there hovering by your phones waiting now the phones are ringing
here we're doing great uh this time we got all the beautiful girls the the mighty studliest of
genius ministers sitting here waiting to catch your call they're all busy but if you get a busy
signal just call back again because we sure ain't going to turn down a bit of your money dear friends
you know that that's one thing you can always trust a bob listen to those things going off in
the background and uh so for all i know maybe these oh yes oh we got this is one of the callers
that wanted to meet reverend stang at a cheap motel that comes with the 200 play
there is no more money we gotta get some money
i mean this when this show ends if you haven't helped the station what you know as reality is
going to come to a crashing
you
see what i mean
we were playing that cheery music because we wanted to be positive but you know frankly
friends positive thinking can kill you uh look where positive thinking has gotten most of the
world so far people say it reverend stang he's a pessimistic booger but frankly i'm worried that
my most pessimistic predictions might turn out to have been in the long run idiotically optimistic
and our
fear tonight is that you out there taping this show will think we'll think oh well uh well they'll stay
on the air or not whether i give or not but folks if you don't pledge the world will literally will
literally come to an end at the end of this hour if you and i don't mean just some of you i mean you
the one listening right now now you're laughing you're laughing it's gonna collapse around your
pathetic ears but you nihilistic teens in raid or what a mess they make up every night to get by them
teenagers out there, oh no future man, no future, you know, that's why if the rival
cult that wants these airwaves had this hour, they'd have raised 10,000 bucks by now.
And you know what they'd do with it?
They'd build concentration camps for the likes of you.
You abnormal.
You, you punk.
You old hippie.
You, you humanist.
You subgenius.
So friends, you know, the money isn't just for the hour of slack, it's for the totality
that is K-N-O-N.
It isn't just for us mutants, it's for your very mind, your very soul, and you wouldn't
believe how close your soul is to being sold out.
Dear brother or sister, between your job and the drugs and the lies, listen, you need every
bit of slack you can hang on to, but we have a special form of slack in store for you tonight.
Not stored in souls anywhere, folks.
And the type of slack you're going to be getting is guilt.
Guilt.
Tonight we're going to whip us up some guilt.
And some of you are saying, oh, it's pledge time, Reverend Stang's going to rant all night
about money.
And you'd better be afraid that that's true, little Bobby, little gimme bob out there.
At first, you will want to turn away from him.
Then, you may find him a silent, unresisting target for your ridicule.
Mister, why don't you...
So big, mister.
But if you come to know him...
Have you always been the way you are now?
You will begin to see beyond the perversion of his form.
Are you in any pain?
Are your parents still alive?
And discover the beauty in the beast.
With no time have I met with such a perverted or degraded version of a human being as this man.
I am not an animal.
Oh.
At this level, our salesman can see the top of the ladder and is well on his way.
Oh, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
That's 828-9500.
All the good old boys are here tonight.
We'd like to welcome you down to the television mission.
Don't forget, if all you can do is sit at home, then try to keep yourselves awake and dial the phone.
Call in for pledges.
Call in for pledges, yes.
Call in for pledges.
828-9500, 823-7490.
823-7490.
Answering the phones this evening.
Beautiful Dr. Zephyr.
And the best thing you can do is dial this number that you see on your screen as quickly as you can with a contribution to the television mission.
You revolting genetic accident, take your smelly shell elsewhere.
See, General Spysax, see how well he obeys me.
He's loyal.
Stupid, but loyal.
A trait you will never share, Skeeto.
But little listeners, you may ask, is there hope?
Listen, you little listeners.
You're all whistling in the glistening mists.
Listen to these inspirational words from the Book of Lies, Chapter 10, Bankruptcy, Verse than Ever.
The passage runs, and I quote,
If you be tired or depressed, if you've got that rundown feeling, remember, you're not just anybody.
You're special.
You are living proof that God does not exist.
Yes, you, little listener, if you're like most of the people who listen to this show, are proof that no supreme being could ever exist.
I love your mess, Antonio.
It's a duck hunt.
Hanson, please, don't, don't, don't start.
Please, please.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I've got to start anyway.
I don't want to start, believe me.
Dear friends, I've got to admit, I'm just too depressed to do a good show today.
So, this one's going to be a terrible show.
I'm already convinced of it.
Because I started out depressed about money, but now I'm depressed about everything.
You know, maybe slack and money are the same thing.
Maybe there isn't any reason to live without money.
Maybe nothing can ever be fun again.
Maybe the conspiracy is right.
A person without money, friends, is ipso facto a bad person.
A radio show without money, for that matter, is by definition a bad thing.
A bad radio show.
Goodness and one's value to humanity is in direct proportion to one's income.
There's no reason to care about anything ever again.
Even if you inherit money, that doesn't count.
Because it only counts if you procure the money yourself.
Money, friends, is more important than any human being's feelings.
Feelings are ephemeral.
They're gone with the breeze.
You can't...
You can't compress happy feelings or sad feelings into tanks and store them in a bank.
Can't sell them, so they don't matter.
Feelings don't matter.
Not even action matters.
Not even trying to make money matters.
Even giving away money doesn't make you more of a man.
Only making money makes you worthy of anyone's respect, including God.
Only making money makes you worthy of anyone's respect, including God.
It doesn't matter what kind of job you have.
Just make money.
Even if your job is inherently immoral.
Even if it exists to exploit and prey upon others.
As long as the conspiracy hasn't actually jailed you for it, then that's okay.
It's better than a job that doesn't pay much.
I don't care if you invented a cure for cancer if you weren't paid well for it.
Friend, you're a despicable fool.
I don't care if you spent the last year of your life in prison.
I don't care if you spent the last 10 years in dangerous situations trying to aid oppressed, starving people.
You're lower than scum if you didn't get rich doing it.
And that includes Mother Teresa.
Yeah, that includes anybody who doesn't call 823-7490.
Please, dear friends, as a matter of fact, right now we're about...
Oh, well, actually, we're about halfway.
About halfway to our goal.
Which is a very modest goal.
But we really do need every little dime.
And, well, I mean, I'm gonna...
We're collecting names.
We're gonna sing the names of those who have called in at the end of the show.
I hope we have a lot more to sing because that way we'll go through them quicker
and it'll be less painful for you in the long run in a funny, ironic sort of way.
That's the kind of sugar Papa likes.
That's the kind of sugar Papa likes.
That's the kind of sugar Papa likes.
Ah, that's what we like.
Oh, just look at that fat, rich, printed number.
Lots of...
Oh, 200 pesos.
Welcome, sweet little smackaroos.
Welcome, little smackaroos.
Hey, that's your number.
Oh, just look at that fat, rich, printed kind of sugar Papa likes.
Oh, I don't know.
Everything goes wrong with me.
Oh, the office.
Oh, some guy's there out to get me.
And then at home,
I don't know, my wife,
all the kids, you know, everything.
And then there's the payments due on the car.
Oh, it can be a bummer, dear friends.
It can be a bummer.
And there's one way you can make yourself feel a whole lot better about the whole thing.
I mean, I guarantee you, I hate to be corny about it,
but that's what we're forced to get down to now.
Please, please call 823-7490, make that pledge,
or just come on down to the station.
I mean, you can pick up a t-shirt.
Pick up an actual K&ON t-shirt at 4415 San Jacinto.
That's K&ON's address, San Jacinto and North Carroll, just east of Ross Avenue.
South, southeast, whatever.
Everything's cattywampus around here.
You can't figure out where anything goes.
And friends, I mean, you know, this is a horrible, horrible world sometimes.
And you need something to help make you feel better.
And one thing you can do is go ahead and, like that person did, just call in and spend it.
Music
The tale of a man who took a hundred dollars
Spent it on lottery tickets and beer
Won a couple million
Left his wife and children
Lived himself to death in a couple of years
Should have spent it on love
Spent it on his children
Spent it on the ones who needed the most
Take your little bundle
Put her in a basket
Leave her on the doorstep of a future home
I hear of an army
Taking lots of money
Spending it on guns and rolls of barbed wire
Blew it all away there
Homeless and they're hungry
Had to buy the good
Or taste the bloody war
Spend it on love
Spend it on the children
Spend it on the ones who needed the most
Take your little bundle
Put her in a basket
Leave her on the doorstep of a future home
Where the tummy and the belly of the billionaire
Swallowed by the music you play
And don't they have the right
That's a camel to the eye
Of a phonograph needle someday
Music
I hear of a country
Where they say the cities
All have pretty streets
That are paved with gold
They may not be gold but
They were built by
People paying heavy taxes
For a dream they still hold
Spend it on love
Spend it on the children
Spend it on the ones who needed the most
Take your little bundle
Put her in a basket
Leave her on the doorstep of a future home
Spend it on love
Spend it on the children
Spend it on the ones who needed the most
Take your little bundle
Put her in a basket
Leave her on the doorstep of a future home
Got to spend it on love
Spend it on the children
Spend it on the ones who needed the most
Take your little bundle
Put her in a basket
Leave her on the doorstep of a future home
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Road to home
Music
Oh, yes, dear friends.
You know, you can still, you still have ten minutes
To get your soul out of hock.
That's where it is right now.
You know that, don't you?
It's in the bowels.
It might as well be signed up, signed up for Satan's doorstep
Or even worse, the regular ordinary Christian heaven.
So why don't you just, you know, get your foot in the door of Bob's, Bob's heaven.
The escape vessels of the excess friends.
You heard what Papa Joe mom was saying.
Does that mean nothing to you?
You just take that as a joke.
Is that all that is to you?
How we doing?
Will, Cecilia?
What?
Oh, we got four more since the last last time went up.
Doing great.
Well, those four shall be honored thoroughly.
But in the meantime.
Well, it's time that we stood up.
We believe that.
And the majority of Americans today are pro-biblis people.
And we are going to take a stand.
People you oppose are good Christian.
Tell me who I didn't say I opposed any of them.
Are you?
We don't have to say.
I don't think so.
We're giving them the credit.
We're telling them.
You're trying to.
Ten years ago, people did.
And I'm looking.
I don't know why all Democrats.
Are you going to force us to?
Well, you'll see it's very.
Oh, oh, oh.
Station's running down, friends.
Can't you hear it?
Tell you something else about the character of God.
If necessary, God would raise up a tyrant.
A man who might not have the best ethics to protect the freedom interests of the ethical and the godly.
If they can't take a joke.
You know, he's talking about.
Eight to three seven four nine.
Oh, please.
Please have mercy upon our twisted soul.
Dallas.
They call it the buckle on the Bible Belt.
And we're trying to unbuckle it.
It has the largest quota of millionaires, the worst crime rate and one of the severest poverty rates in any American city.
Especially this.
Yet.
Dallas could also be described as the most Christian place on this earth.
It has the highest proportion of paid up church members in any city anywhere.
And the majority embrace the most conservative form of Christianity.
You're going to let him get away with that.
Dear friends, please call.
That's Paulson.
I just want to say that I endorse Bob as my running mate in this year's election.
And this is the hour of slack.
And station K.
N.
O.
N.
In Dallas, Texas.
You know, I know where that is.
Hello, Bob.
This is the father.
Good sir.
Do you formerly Pope Maurice of the people's Catholic Church and all of my fellow popes from the people's Catholic Church?
Salute to the Church of the Sabbath Genius.
Carry on.
That's what we're trying to do.
Yes, go on.
Well, we're trying to understand.
Don't you understand?
I certainly don't.
Why don't you call, please?
Well, no, I'm not going to get down on my knees.
I'm not going to get down on my knees and beg.
I ain't going to do that.
We've done that before.
And it never does any good down the last five minutes of the show.
We beg.
We plead.
We threaten.
We cajole.
We toady up to you.
And I have.
We've actually died on the air.
I have.
I don't know.
I mean, in more ways than one, I suppose.
But well, let's go ahead and and and read the names of those.
Those boy few indeed.
Few indeed.
Well, I recognize.
Thank you.
I do recognize the great Gary Ben.
Call.
I will.
The mighty Gary Ben.
You're a long time fan.
Call O'Brien.
And thanks for the fan letter from Terry Lipscomb.
Scum.
Lipscomb.
Irvin MacArthur.
Oh, yes.
And those truly are among the saved.
Friends, friends, your names are writ in the book of humans.
Actually, the book of subgeniuses is what it should be called.
That the men from Planet X have.
You shall be lifted up on that glorious day, X day, when it finally comes.
July 5th, 1998, as you know.
We'll be with you.
Oh, in fact, there's something else we may be with you on that I probably should mention with this little cart.
And we're going to see you next week.
Now, those of you who haven't paid up, we'll meet you behind the public latrine there, okay?
Just listen to this.
It's the first ever.
It's the first ever K&ON Bicycle Fun Ride and Picnic.
And everyone is invited.
The entire Dallas-Fort Worth community is invited to join K&ON on Sunday, November 12th, at White Rock Lake for a day of bicycling, volleyball, games, food, music, and more.
There's a $12 entry fee for the bicycle ride only, which will also get you a free event T-shirt and lunch.
However, there is no charge to join us for a day of fun in the sun.
There are 15.
There are 15 and 30-mile rides.
And to register, come to K&ON at 4415 San Jacinto, Monday through Friday from 10 to 9.
Call 828-9500 for more information.
Be part of the first ever K&ON Community Picnic and Bicycle Fun Ride on Sunday, November 12th, from 9 till dark.
It's at 700 East Wadler Drive at Tiffany Way at White Rock Lake.
We hope to see everyone from the Dallas-Fort Worth community.
There.
That's November 12th at White Rock Lake.
The first K&ON Picnic and Bicycle Fun Ride.
We'll see you there.
Have a great time.
Yeah, we'll see you there, all right, friends.
We're also going to be asking you whether you paid your dues.
What kind of dues have most of you paid?
Probably nothing.
That's why you don't understand this show.
That's why the ones that are sitting here, that's why they're sitting here.
We're going to go out and have a party.
You could have been part of this if you'd bought your way in.
Please, actually, I mean seriously, we do have about two minutes left.
I'm going to go ahead and just give it to Zug's Rift.
What is that background I'm hearing?
Oh, that's Leibach again.
Friends, please call in the last two minutes, 823-7490.
Or just send that money in.
Send it to K&ON at Post Office Box 710-909.
I'll give that number again.
710909 in Dallas, Texas, 75371.
Now, if you want information on the Church of the Subgenius,
that's a whole other thing.
I want you to write to a different post office box for that.
That's Bob at Box 140306.
DeLiber.
Dallas, Texas, 75214.
DeLiber.
No, I'm afraid not.
Not this time, friends.
823-7490, last chance.
Last chance.
We love you who have pledged and who will pay.
And hopefully see you next week.
Zug's Rift.
Back in Parsippany, New Jersey,
my daddy, who was on two weeks' leave from the Secret Marines
based near a nudist camp outside of Fort Dix,
took me to Morristown to have my eyes examined.
We sat in the waiting room for almost an hour
nervously thumbing through the magazines.
Highlights, Goofus and Gallant was my favorite.
While trying to ignore the occasional muffled screams
we could hear coming through the wall.
I remember watching Daddy salute some old photo of President Eisenhower
in one of the mags and thinking how Ike would have looked better
with lipstick and one of those propeller beanies.
Wouldn't that be funny?
He would have looked like some giant glob of monosodium glutamate.
Hydrogenated dude.
When my time arrived, I went into the doctor's office alone.
There was a folding chair over to the side, and the doc said he'd be right with me
as soon as he was finished with this last patient.
His patient was some gray-haired, clean-pept, middle-aged man.
He appeared to have a pleasant disposition.
He smiled at me and called me lad, and I liked that.
The nice man looked through this big machine that looked like it came from Mars
and started reciting letters from the alphabet to Mr. Eye Doctor.
When the doc pulled the machine away, the nice man leaned forward,
opened his mouth wide and literally bit off the doc's entire face,
swinging the now lifeless skin back and forth in his mouth like a dog.
And the doc's blood sprayed all over my mom's mabley t-shirt.
The doc's eyes were dangling in every which way and direction, and his nose was totally gone.
His teeth looked like a skeleton, but with tons and tons of pulsating blood flowing from all the torn muscle tissue.
He had a ghastly kind of skeletal smile as he gurgled and moaned and knocked into the machines,
breaking a lot of glass and making a real mess.
The nice man in the chair?
Yeah, spit out Doc's face and began swinging from the overhead hanging light fixtures like a chimpanzee,
laughing hysterically.
Somehow the doc still had his glasses on with the blood squirting all over the inside of the lenses.
He needed those funny trick glasses with the battery operated windshield wipers on them, except on the inside.
The doc kind of reminded me of that photo of old Ike, but much more animated and colorful.
The nice man?
Yeah, the nice man soon dropped to the floor, pushed the doc aside, and ran out into the street right in front of a speeding bus,
which squashed him like a grape.
His glasses flew off just in the nick of time, however, into the gutter.
My daddy, always prudent, quickly ran over to the puddle that remained of the nice man and picked up his glasses.
Pleased with himself, he approached me and carefully placed them on my face.
A perfect fit!
I could see so clearly, too, and without daddy having to spend a penny.
The end.
Thanks for watching!
Subscribe for more!
And like this video!
And share this video with your friends!
And comment on this video!
And like this video!
And comment on this video!




And please...
Thank you!
Thank you for watching!
Thanks to your viewers!




And thenpre Speaker doesn't really deserve that song, those of you didn't call in.
That one was strictly for those who did.
This is K and Owen 89.3 FM in Dallas Texas.
Stay tuned for the K and Owen internal radio show.
for the American Music Party
