The mind of man has always longed to know what lies beyond the world we live in.
Explorers have ventured into the deeps and the heights. Of these explorers, some are scientists,
some are mystics. Each is driven by a different purpose. The one thing they share in common,
is a wish to cross the borderlands that lie beyond the subgenius power of slack.
Stand by. Stand by, please. 1-3-0-1-3-1-3-0-1-3-1-3-0-1-3.
From PR News in Washington, I'm washing ashore. BP will plug up the Gulf of Mexico.
Basically, it involves using a huge motor to plug up the Gulf of Mexico.
and pump to try and shoot heavy mud into the upper Big Branch Mine in West Virginia.
Even though the deadly explosion there last month died in Los Angeles, he was seven years old.
They fail to see their own baby face. Stocks 69, 974, 156 today.
U.S. government has now assembled its own team of experts to try and determine exactly how
thick crude. Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal describes the marshes there.
The biologists predicted that you'd see disk marsh, and we literally went into the marsh,
you could see the marsh.
Speaking in California, President Obama didn't say he would oppose PR,
but he said the cost and risk involved are reasons the U.S. needs to move away from PR News in Washington.
You think you're special. You say, oh, you can't put me in a box. No, sir.
Friends, we all end up in a box. Your only choice is what you're going to do between
now and then. You need to find your short-duration personal savior,
because, friends, you have a short-duration.
Personal existence.
And I've said this before.
We're the good weirdos making fun of the bad weirdos.
That's conspiracy thinking. We're not necessarily good, but we are funny.
We are here to make civilization fun again.
We're not into Bob, but Bob!
Bob, we're not into wisdom, but wisdom.
We are not wise men and wise women, but wise guys, wise anchors, wise enheimers, wise asses.
Those who crack wise.
Our asses crack wise.
Yes, indeed.
Fred, are you badly hurt?
No, no, I'm all right.
Stoner!
Stoner, get that hole.
Stoner, get that hole.
Stoner, get that hole.
Get the boogers off her fingers.
She was eating her boogers.
She was picking her nose and eating her boogers.
She was eating her boogers.
She was picking her nose and eating her boogers.
I can't believe what I am seeing.
So I continue.
She keeps on doing it, violently, with great determination.
It's as if she is eating a meal.
I wonder what she'll have for dessert.
Probably more boogers.
The extra sweet ones.
Every couple of picks, she licks off her fingers to get the excess snot.
At times I can see her chewing.
She was eating her boogers.
She was picking her nose and eating her boogers.



She was licking her boogers!
I wonder what this is.
She was licking and licking her boogers!

She was biting her boogers.
She was licking her nose and eating her boogers.
She was licking her nose and eating her boogers.
At first I thought it was funny, but as she didn't stop until 25, I started feeling nauseous and had to avoid looking at her.
Interesting how a sexual attraction can turn into disgust and horror.
I win!
Here we go again.
Oh my god!
This battle went by senselessly.
Checking her nose, feeding her birds.
Everything I planned completely destroyed.
You know what the police will do to you if they catch you?
No, of course you don't.
They wouldn't know it was Jungle Instinct that urged you to kill a female that stood between you and a mate.
They'll put you on trial.
Throw question after question at you.
Till you won't know what anybody's saying.
Do it in the electric chair and they'll kill you.
All because they won't understand.
They can't understand.
The one thing I hadn't counted on.
A terrific emotion would destroy the new tissues in your gland growths.
I have myself partly to blame.
I should have kept you under constant observation.
That's right, look at them.
I operated on you.
Grafted glands from a living woman into your body, watched you transform.
Now I have to do it all over again.
Graft new glands into your body.
Maybe another brain operation.
Take another life to keep you in human form.
Bob eschalized in unorthodox thought.
Bob was inspired to take this path.
Bob's favorite alternative belief was flat earthism.
Bigfoot, the Loch Ness Monster, Pyramid Power.
In the early 1980s, Bob added to this belief.
He added creationism to his list.
And served on the board of it as president.
Bob also came to be known as an expert in its attacks on the teaching of evolution.
Bob died in 2000, leaving a large collection of writings.
She's edited a collection of Bob's writings, Worlds of Their Own,
a brief history of misguided ideas.
Energy Sink.
Scams.
This book's a collection of some of Bob's beliefs,
but also on the personalities of people that hold them.
And on what Bob called the philosophy of the world.
Bob, carry on the work.
The work of Slack.
Yep. Now that the oceans are dead.
Is that thing loaded?
That pipe? Is that pipe loaded?
One way to find out.
Look, I need that book.
It's the most important thing.
I mean, I want the book.
It's a bomb book.
And you, if you make me choose, I'll kill you.
I'll take the book.
Why? Why do you want it?
Slack. Neat Slack.
I grew up with it.
I love Bob.
I know its power.
And if you read it, then so do you.
Revelation X is good, too.
That's why they burned them all after the war.
After the ocean died.
It just ain't alive. It's an act of faith.
Building this town is an even bigger act of faith.
But they don't understand that.
They don't have Slack.
None of them.
And I don't have the right words to help them, but the book does.
The Bob Liagra Monocon.
It's a great book.
I admit.
I've had to do things, many, many things.
I hate to build this. I confess that.
I served the conspiracy.
But if we have that book,
I wouldn't have to.
The book of the subjeans.
I imagine.
I imagine how different, how righteous this little world could be if we had the right words for our faith.
So much Slack.
Well, people would truly understand why they're here and why they're doing it.
They wouldn't need any of the ugly motivations.
But have Bob.
It's not right to keep that book hidden away.
It's meant to be shared with others.
Spread.
Meant to be spread.
Like manure.
Like manure.
Isn't that what you wanted?
With all my heart and soul.
I always believed that...
I love Bob.
I'd find a place where this book belonged, where it was needed.
The subjeans foundation.
I haven't found it yet.
Oh.
I love Bob, though, man.
I love this guy.
I love that Bob guy.
I'd take a bullet for Bob.
I would.
That's how much I love him.
I love this guy.
That's Bob.
Praise Bob.
That's it?
Kill me.
Here, give me that Bob bullet.
Go ahead.
The king bullet.
That's it?
Hey, wait a minute.
Hey, those are real bullets.
Hey, what?
What?
What?
This is censorship.
What's going on here?
Cool.
I'm going.
Must stop.
I'm going.






Must have...slack.
I hid the book in the...
Must have the slack.
It's not a book.
It's the Bob book.
It's a weapon.
It's Bob's gun.
A weapon ain't brighter than the horse and the horse.

The minds of the weak and the desperate.
It will give us control of them.
Bob is gone and you're the...
If we want to rule more than one small town, we have to have it.
Cleveland and then...
People come from all over.
They do exactly what I tell them.
Columbus.
That's it.
A grump book.
It's Bob's book.
It's Bob's book.
It's happened before.
And it'll happen again.
On its name.
All we need is that book.
And subgenius.com.
Well, Reverend Ed Lobotomy responded to that.
And he's not here, is he?
He said that's what they want subgeniuses to do.
They don't care if you're a subgenius as long as you act normal.
Too much normalcy and developing yetensiny acts to stifle their superpowers.
They want subgeni to be powerless.
It's like Bob says, act like a dumb shit and I'll treat you as an equal.
He read that as a prediction of what would happen.
He didn't think Bob's advocating it.
Personally, he said...
I don't care if they treat me as an equal or not.
But really, friends, it is advice for getting along with normals.
Now, maybe you were born rich.
You don't have to worry about that.
But as far as I'm concerned, passing is the first skill a subgenius must learn.
Rich or poor.
You have to be able to pretend you're normal.
Not for long.
Just long enough.
Because the nail that sticks up...
will be hammered down.
As Nemzlow used to point out.
And note that he was pointing with a hammer in his hand.
Now, you can choose which normal subgroup among whom you're going to try to pass.
Some pass as office workers.
Some pass as hippie bums.
Some pass as craftsmen.
Some pass as artists.
Normals expect artists to smell funny and be socially clumsy.
And scientists too.
But look in the yellow pages under artists.
And scientists.
And see how much demand there is for those these days.
Now, me, I don't wear a dog's head on my clothing.
Except at subgenius events.
My car has no bumper stickers.
Everyone in the neighborhood knows me as Mr. Smith.
Or that old guy with the hat and the beautiful granddaughter that he shouldn't be touching that way.
And that's how I have managed to get away with murder.
And not have my kids taken away from me all those years.
In the old days I spent 25 years doing business films for pinks.
While doing the church business and raising the kid.
And that's why I now have a house and a spouse and health insurance and so on.
Because I did learn to pass as a normal.
In fact, I was thinking about writing a book called Pink Like Me.
I wore the masks of insanity.
Which really means the masks of normality.
And until 1990 or so,
I used to actually get haircuts from real barbers.
Remember friends,
they cannot read your mind.
Most of them can't even read subtitles.
Yeah!
Guess you've noticed that my arms don't fit
In my old clothes.
And my old suits.
Guess you've noticed that I'm eating
Lots of jungle fruits.
Anyway more than I used to.
I used to be so tall and thin.
Now I'm not exactly sure
Which file I'm in.
And I know there's a monkey in the pit.
But all I know is I don't care about
The Nazi

In the middle of all things frontal.
So you've got.
I'm getting down and evolving
I'm devolving
I am devolving
I guess you've noticed that I can't sit still
At dinner time
I guess you've noticed that I quit my job
And I learned to sign
Anyway more than I used to
I used to have a little body hair
Now I have to use a razor everywhere
And I know
I'm getting down and evolving
There's a monkey in the future for you
And there's nothing modern science can do
Keeping the thumb but I'm getting down
I'm devolving
I'm devolving
I am evolving
Why are you so angry at me?
I don't understand
Are you
You expect me to defend my actions
Knowing what you now know
Monkey one, monkey two
Monkey me and monkey you
Monkey see and monkey do
You still love me
Now that I'm a monkey
Monkey you're a monkey
I guess you've noticed that I drag my knuckles
When I dance
I guess you've noticed that I drag my knuckles
Guess you've noticed that I stuff a tail
Inside my pants
Anyway more than I used to
I used to see a movie now and then
Now I'm never gonna watch King Kong again
Cause I know there's a monkey in the future for you
And there's nothing modern science can do
I'm an Because Of You

Dead
in
there
I'm a coal miner's duster
This is Dave.
And that was Jonathan Colton, and this is Dave.
And is Jonathan a frog pie or a cold or...
He's good. Colton. C-O-U-L-T-O-N.
JonathanColton.com.
The word in our titles, as usual.
Gojrex. Reverend Gojrex cut up that thing you could not hear, Dave.
The discussion about Bob and his book.
The book of Eli helped us there a little bit.
Eli? Not Enoch?
Paula Dupree, the ape woman, helped us out there.
Oh, and the song, Eating Her Boogers.
I don't know if that's the title of it.
The song that was about eating her boogers is by Amit Lissak.
Amit, A-M-I-T, Lissak, L-I-S-S-A-K.
Lissak.
I have a sack.
He's a post boy.
I think he's a he and he's talking about licking her boogers,
which doesn't make sense.
But why should it?
We live in a nonsensical world, I think, don't we?
I'm trying to make a little bit more sense of it.
Well, I just wanted to note a peculiar peculiarity in the air of the...
There have been large numbers of freshwater kills of species of fish,
and people are wondering why.
It's very coincidental with what's going on in Peru right now.
Or the Golfo de Mexico.
There's some new volcanoes going off in beautiful Peru.
Is that what you're talking about?
Well, I was just wondering if the Peruvians and the people who live in Yucatan and Louisiana
have any idea that the same plate that stretches across their dinner table
is the same erect platter we use to design ways to commit massive suicide.
In other words, the entire Atlantic Ocean could be...
...presently and forever destroyed.
In your Atlantic, there's two favorite places for fishies to go and do their fun.
One is the Mediterranean, and the other one's the Golfo Mexico.
They're kind of like the opposite sides of the Atlantic, you know?
And the Atlantic is like all one thing made of water,
so that it's very, you know, close.
Everything's connected.
So to speak.
Yes, it's a fragile net of life.
But like some people said, well, I don't like seafood anyway.
They're going to be losing a lot more than Cajun shrimp.
Well, you know, it's the bacteria in the water kind of helps keep oxygen in the air.
As long as there's some water.
It kind of helps keep...
...the rain from being turned into tar.
Or rivers of blood.
The Bible talked about the sea would turn the color of blood.
And it has.
Indeed it has, because the toxic dispersant used to break up the oil
kills more fish than the oil does.
Doesn't it look like the end of a tampon?
Many, many ends of the period tampons floating around there.
It's the same rust color.
Well, you know, I saw Mother Earth was talking to God somehow backwards.
Nah, forget about that part.
Some know nothing said, well, blood oil is the Earth's blood.
But no, that's actually not the Earth's blood.
It would be closer to the Earth's, you know, the things in your joints.
Actually, it's...
Make it so your elbow doesn't hurt.
It's the Earth's zit.
It's the Earth's zit.

And it's the oil in the zits of the Earth.
And, my friend, there are some zits that man was not meant to pop.
It's as simple as that.
I want to look right down here, Carlson, and see what's...
Look on the map.
It's spread from Arizona all the way to Kingston, Norway.
There's thousands of them.
The bigger they get, the smaller we get.
Can't you see something has to be done tomorrow is not right?
Next.
But how do you take a leak and stop it from leaking?
It's a contradiction in terms.
Are you saying Mother Earth has a prostate problem?
Or perhaps they're just foolish enough to bend the wrong way?
Well, the interesting thing is nobody really knows how big that zit is now, do they?
They've had to admit, well, we think it goes down about three miles, but, I mean, you know,
when a volcano goes down...

When a volcano goes off, you don't know how long it's going to be spewing lava.
And when an oil volcano, a mile underwater, when that zit gets popped, well, they thought
it was just going to be a regular zit.
You know, like you see those gushers in the movies when the cowpokes drill and strike oil
and go eureka and everybody runs around and the three stooges get splashed around on top
of it.
Yeah, they all speak French.
Like balls atop a fountain.
But this was not what they were expecting, I don't think.
Now, what worries me, you know, I don't want, I get my news without television most of the
time, but I finally saw some movies of that oil coming up out of that hole, that big old
hole.
And I thought, that's not oil.
That's the smoke monster from Lost.
It's time.
And the message, obviously, Mother Nature is telling us it's okay to let go now.
We must let go.
Why did I laugh?
Well, actually, if you had been following Lost, you would have reason to laugh, but
that's okay, Dave.
It doesn't matter.
Because soon we'll all be gone.
Every, all of us.
But, you know, some people are, I've started to read quite paranoid musings about this
little oil vomiting.
If worse scenario cases were to happen, then actually by 2012, we might really.
Literally be done just like they say in there.
And who knows?
Maybe that's why they resurrected all these peculiar prophecies, because they were going
to punch a hole in the biosphere.
No, no, no.
It doesn't have nothing to do with no prophecies.
And besides, it's going to take longer than a 10, you know, longer than a couple of years
to destroy all life on the surface.
I mean, you know, and there's a good side to it.
No, I mean, the point of no return.
I mean, we might all of a sudden have to deal with much greater things.
Than not having Cajun shrimp.
Oh, right.
I mean, like not having air or water.
But that's the thing.
Now, see, for decades, people have been making sport of our towns along the Great Lakes and
the Rust Belt, like Detroit and Cleveland and Erie.
And but the good side of losing all that steel business was the lakes kind of came back to
a semblance of life.
And I see the death of the oceans could mean a boom here for during the whole the last
decade of life on Earth.
We that own.
Property near the largest inland freshwater sea on the planet will be rich.
But see, the thing is staying in the Great Lakes.
Now, there aren't the nice edible fish there used to be when I was little, when they had
fish and chip shops on every corner.
Oh, it's not that it's it's that we'll have water that doesn't kill you.
Water that doesn't kill will be like the most valuable resource in the world.
Much more valuable than gold.
That's true.
Now, see, I'm thinking I'm thinking ahead on this.
I'm not sure he's around here anyway.
I'm sorry.
Yes.
Now, think about it, though.
We could be we could be warlords, man.
If we if we plan ahead, I mean, people are going to have to be flocking to to the to the
Great Lakes just for to get any kind of water that's not got tar in it.
We'd have to convert our boats into like, you know, real fast ships and we could like
put cool graffiti on them stuff and dress like pirates and we can raid every town all the
way from here to spawn to black or go all the way up.
Like the Lake Superior and just take booty and stuff like that.
Well, I've got my warlord fortress picked out, man.
And I'm going to tell I'm going to tell everybody where to go when the end times come, when
the Econo cataclysm hits the salt mines of Cleveland under Lake Erie.
That's where I'm going to be, too.
I'm going to be wearing a commissar suit from the 1950s and a pair of Brigitte's underpants.
I'm going to be singing some sort of Eurasian.
Song from a nipple ring saloon or something.
I think I'm repeating myself, but I'm going to be pretty happy despite the fact that the
world's going up and down in flames.
I hadn't even thought about my uniform.
I think I should make one inspired by Kaiser Wilhelm's uniform.
It's popular throughout the generation.
I mean, think it's been 100 years and the look with the weird pointy thing on the top
of the hat and the big handlebar mustache is still big and good to go.
So I don't.
Yeah, I go along with that.
But really think about the salt mines, man.
It's like miles of weird, surreal underground tunnels, impervious to bunker busters.
Do you think they are better than Saddam's much vaunted berms?
And there's always plenty of salt for the barbecue.
I mean, you know, you'd have to worry about other stuff like actual fresh food to eat
to put the salt on.
Well, we just have to open the valve in the roof and let some of the water in.
Now, of course, you've got to boil it and filter it.
But we're drinking that stuff anyway.
Well, we're free.
I don't know about you, but I am.
I drink straight Cleveland City water.
That's all a vaccination I need.
Does it come from a lake or a reservoir?
Well, it actually.
Does it come from near Akron?
I don't know where it comes from.
I don't have the slightest idea.
I guess it's the water near Akron in that big reservoir area there.
Oh, that's good.
Over all the rubber, toxic waste from the rubber plants.
That explains Devo.
And Paul Navratis and all those other weirdos that came from Akron.
And the fact that they're short and stocky and their knuckles drag on the ground.
Are we not men?
Well, maybe.
Probably made of rubber, yeah.
Visc queen men or viscators.
But you know, in the Book of the Subgenius, we told everybody when the end times come
to go to the Swiss Avenue neighborhood in Dallas, which actually was where I used to live
because I was going to be a big warlord then.
But you know, there's nobody there but a bunch of normals now.
So the new subgenius warlord territory, Cleveland salt mines.
And that's where all subgeniuses should fight their way to when push comes to shove.
And knife comes to gun and so forth.
I think it should be not only a website.
I think it should be a post office box.
I think people should inquire within, you know, if they're like pseudosophists or something like that.
And I think that they should.
Keep their eyes open for what's going to happen next.
What will happen next?
Well, you know.
Henry?
I'm sorry.
Excuse me.
Are you?
I'm excited by all this doom and gloom.
You know, this is the kind of thing subgenius, pornography for subgeniuses.
It's a little harder to move around, but I agree completely.
I plan.
I've got three weird crypt like little vassal slappers around my house.
I also installed one of those neck and scurvy devices that electrocutes the children if they get too close.
A lot of them been pushing their little girl cookies or whatever they call them around my house.
And I had to remove some of the stranger looking artifacts I keep out in front.
But this mostly keep away the pink.
Those cookies aren't really made of little girls, you know.
Well, that's, you know, it's an observer created reality, isn't it saying?
No.
If I want them to be, perhaps, maybe they might be.
No.
Only to you.
It's a yeah.
It's a yeah.
Whatever.
Observer created reality.
Right.
Give me all your money.
Well, that's the point of it.
Now, people that live in the Pacific, they're probably laughing at those poor Atlantic coast dwellers.
Who are going to soon enough have black stuff coming out of their water faucets.
But think about those Pacific folks.
If they aren't killed in the rash of tsunamis, it's going to be lava pouring out of their faucets.
When everything underneath the Ring of Fire and Yosemite National Park all go off at once.
Cool.
Yeah, yeah.
Let's go to Crater Lake for the weekend.
And Crater Lake comes to you for the rest of Thursday.
Right.
Between, there'll be like volcanic.
Nuclear winter.
And the death of all the plankton in the oceans.
And then next day, it'll be here.
And we won't have to worry about it.
It's coming.
It's coming.
It's coming very soon.
Think of when the San Andreas Falls not only shifts but drops to three meters that it was predicted to drift by this point in time.
And it still hasn't done it yet.
It could go on a big, massive, massive sploosh just like that.
And plus, there's thousands of oil wells off this California coast.
And nobody knows about it because they haven't spilled yet.
But they will be.
And then there's the hurricanes.
You know, because they're going to have all those other oil drilling facilities to try to let off the pressure of the giant zit in the Gulf.
And then the hurricanes will hit.
I think hurricane season starts next week.
Well, what if it starts bubbling up the subatomic stews within the planktons and the phytoplanktons?
And then...
And all my little microscopic buddies.
I'm not too worried about them, to tell the truth, Dave.
Because I know my planktons.
And they'll bounce back quick.
You know, it'll be after a century or two.
They'll adjust and be able to live in petroleum water.
It might take a little bit longer for the vertebrates.
And longer, you know, a million, two million years.
And a little longer than that for tool users.
150 million.
150 million years.
But, hey, you know.
We now know that millions and millions of years ago, this area was a vast sea of oil.
Inhabited by...
These cockroaches.
Cockroach paleontologists will be going, yes, this beautiful land that we live in now was once an ocean of oil.
We will leave no trace.
Maybe they might find a femur bone in the vast sea of oil that had become like the San...
The La Brea Tar Pitch.
Because that's what it used to be and so forth.
Well, they'll...
If they're anything like people, they'll interpret the ancient fossilized human bone as...
These huge cold-blooded creatures were too slow and heavy to live on the land.
So they could only live in these oceans of oil.
For otherwise...
Their bones were so heavy.
Gravity alone would have crushed them.
I thought they'd be repushing and regurgitating.
It is true and a known fact that Adam and Eve and Santa Claus cavorted with many Pleistocene dinosaurs and so forth.
You know, they'd be saying that.
They are saying that in Texas.
In fact, they teach that in Texas schools now.
And pretty soon, they'll be teaching it everywhere.
That is true.
Jesus rode a dinosaur.
That is true, though.
Isn't it someplace in Texas they were saying that Jesus cohabitated with dinosaurs?
In fact, in Stang County, there is a creationist museum.
No, that part's not true.
No, there is.
There's a creationist museum in Stang County.
It's run by Dr. Baugh is his name.
And he has a special hyperbaric chamber that demonstrates what the atmosphere was like
when the Earth's...
Atmosphere was covered by a gigantic 10-mile-thick shell of ice.
Ice?
Yes, ice.
And 10-feet-thick shell of ice is what protected the creatures of the Earth in the Garden of Eden
from the horrible, horrible radiation of the sun.
And that's why, in the olden days, why people lived to be 900 years old.
There was giants in the Earth in them days.
Now, seriously, I mean, you can go to a museum.
There's a museum not far from Stang Ranch in Stang County, Stangsville, Texas.
And right down the road from the dinosaur park, there is a creationist park that will show you...
They even have Yeti tracks.
They call them giant man tracks.
But it proves that the Yeti came and accidentally wiped out the dinosaurs on a picnic.
Too bad.
It's kind of a bummer.
But, hey, like we say, we'll be the dinosaurs to the cockroaches.
And mollusks that inherit the planet.
The heat vent worms that won't be affected by the oil,
because they already live off of toxic, non-oxygenated chemicals pouring out of the Earth.
Yes.
I mean, my little plankton buddies can adjust to anything.
Most of them will die, but they'll bounce back.
A little changed, mayhap.
Are the ones in your laboratory...
Are the ones in your laboratory...
Are you feeling some sort of cosmozypic, a form of psychosociopathic nostril...
Well, I've noticed...
A sympathetic wave, that's it, of all those creatures dying in the glove.
I think so.
I've noticed...
I always see the same little fella, Stubby.
He seems to jump from sample to sample.
Stubby is a...
I think he's a Proalis rotifer.
But he definitely looks...
He looks nervous.
He's worried.
You can see the inside of his stomach, and it's constantly roiling and turning and twisting.
So he doesn't look happy.
I think he's been watching the news, and he's worried.
And our Newt hasn't been eating as well lately.
Well, I...
But I did notice, and I believe that.
I did notice three very strange stories in the news near where I live, on Lake Erie.
There was a huge smelt kill.
On the beach.
The whole beach for, you know, about a quarter of a mile long, about six inches, was just filled with all these dead smelt.
And at the same day, there was a freshwater lake in the county, which has a festival where people go fishing and stuff like that.
It's big enough to have a bridge that goes to Pennsylvania and stuff like that.
And they said all the species were dying, especially the one that the festival's named after.
Oh.
And then...
Well, so much for my plan for being ready.
Stretch after the oceans die.
And then, right near where some friends of ours live in this same On the Lakes area, in a very unusual place, they spotted 100,000 honeybees.
And they were screwing things up, and people were having accidents or something like that.
And they had to call in a bunch of, you know, apiary guys and stuff like that.
And the idea is that maybe...
Some of them...

Some of these bees that are leaving the hives and they don't know where they're going, they're becoming wild because the hives are toxic to them.
Or the conditions.
They find the most wild conditions they can.
They were living in a big old pine tree.
Hmm.
Hmm.
100,000 bees, you say?
Man, I missed...
Whoever counted those must have been able to count fast.
Yeah.
Look at that.
When do you think...
You...
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like the figures of the litre.
Of oil gushing up from our wounded nephew, Earth's hysterectomy scar.
It's a sad thing to think that...
I don't know.
I'm just going to shut up for the next three days.
Well, we...
You know, we grew up thinking the world was going to end, but it was nuclear war when we was kids.
And we really thought that.
I guess these kids now...
They must think it's going to end from something.
But they...
They've got it all backwards.
It won't...
It won't be the oil vomitous.
It won't be nuclear war.
It won't be overpopulation.
It'll be the exes from...
The men from Planet X.
They will come and slay all who have not joined the church of the subgenius by doing the right thing.
I can't...
I'm not going to go into any details because this is not a commercial station.
Oddly enough, if it was a commercial station, we could cuss and spam.
And advertise ourselves.
Subvert truth and promote disinformation.
Right, right.
Which we do anyway, but we're...
But we're not getting paid for it.
Dang!
You know...
You know, sometimes I think I'm in the wrong religion.
Because I read that the mistresses of a lot of Catholic priests have formed a union and they're requesting the end of celibacy.
And that's just the opposite.
Because my mistresses in subgenius church want me...
Promote health.
Yeah, they want me to become...
Well, they just don't want your progeny...
Don't get it.
They don't want any more of your mature progeny to spring forth upon...
You've already done enough damage with what you've done.
I mean, think if there were many other stangs around doing your bidding.
Enslaving the masses with your mind and so forth.
That would be inequitous to most of the...
Injurious to most of the populace.
Well, it hadn't hurt the Catholics, though.
I read just this afternoon that before the Pope was the Pope...
He was the Pope.



He approved the child molesting, but only for priests who didn't want to stop child molesting.
If a priest wanted to quit being a priest and quit molesting children, then the Pope, the now Pope, would make him quit being priest.
But if they wanted to continue being priests, if they really wanted to keep molesting children, he said that was okay.
And he's the Pope now, and he's infallible by definition, right?
So that kind of makes it...
It's an explicit official Catholic doctrine that as long as a priest wants to continue to be a child molesting priest, you know, then that's okay.
It's only the ones who want to stop that it's okay for them to stop.
It's like the obverse of the old, have you stopped hitting your wife?
It's only something more obverse and abstruse and obtuse.
But, you know, he may have also been a card saluting...
He was a fungus-raising Millerite in the days of his youth, his Hitler youth.
The Pope?
Pope Braco?
He came out of nowhere all of a sudden.
I mean, they were going to elect some bishop from Africa for the first time, and everybody wanted him, and suddenly they came up with this guy.
A former Nazi.
Yeah.
Who approved of child molesting as long as, you know, it was...
As long as it was consensual on the part of the priest.
And the philoplankton, yeah.
I don't know.
That's why you are what you are and why it is what it is.
I mean, this planet is not ripe.
I mean, it's ripe, but it's not ripe.
It's ripe to be sprayed for tool users.
That's what I keep hearing from the voices in my head.
Well, some of the voices in your head, you know, are just implants and stuff, but we're all tool users.
I mean, even, I mean, think monkeys are tool...
They just figured it out.
Well, you know what I mean.
Big time tool users.
Right.
That's what I was...
I don't mean poking a straw down an anthill so you can lick the ants off the stick.
That's not what I mean.
No, you mean being able to destroy a whole ecosystem.
And I understand that chimpanzees can club each other to death, but right.
They can't destroy a whole ecosystem.
They couldn't even start to.
Yeah.
I guess you're right.
We don't deserve to be on this planet.
The good of us.
No, we do deserve.
We're the ones who deserve.
We have the right to destroy everything.
We're like the Tyrannosaurus.
Of course, they're all dead.
Wrong dead.
Yeah.
So if you have...
And we eat their descendants at Kentucky Fried Chicken or whatever they call that place now.
Yeah.
I mean, that's a fitting, quite a fitting fate for them.
They used to run us around when we looked like weird marmosets and animals.
Like that.
Well, you know, Princess Wee is so sweet.
And she's not here tonight, by the way, because she had to sing in New York.
But she used to kind of feel guilty about eating innocent little chickens by the dozens every month.
And then I showed her one of those walking with dinosaurs specials, only it was after the dinosaurs.
And it was about the age of giant birds, which doesn't get as much publicity.
Yeah.
As dinosaurs.
Because they're not as big and cool as dinosaurs.
But for several millions of years, giant chickens ate our ancestors by the billions.
And made millions upon millions of years.
Now, how long have we been eating chickens?
Only about a million years.
Because we've only been chicken pluckers for about that long.
I feel so much better already.
Yeah.
I'm glad I'm getting even on those sons of bitches.
It's payback.
It is payback.
And in fact, somebody...
There was a Tyrannosaurus bone that was found that had...
It was in such great condition that the very core of the marrow hadn't turned to rock.
And it had little fragments of DNA in there.
And the closest thing it was to in the modern world was a chicken.
So, in other words, a Tyrannosaurus rex would taste like chicken.
And when they were wiped out, the littler dinosaurs grew to be giant bird things.
I mean, really big bird things.
And our people were just little ratty things and doggy type things.
Lemurs and shrewish things.
And we were the KFC for giant birds for a long, long time.
So, that means it's okay to eat animals.
That's all I'm saying.
Right.
And that's why when you take a bite of a lemur or a marmoset and your mouth feels funny.
It's like there's too many crunchy bones.
But it's really your conscience saying, you're eating your great-great-grandpa.
Well, that's the thing.
But when you eat a chicken, you say, I'm eating the enemy.
Right.
Exactly.
Yeah, I wouldn't eat.
I could never eat a primate.
A fellow primate.
Not even a big, juicy chimpanzee with watery brown eyes and a nice pair of earrings and bowling ball earrings.
I am.
Cut into a big old flank of mountain gorilla.
And nothing like mountain gorilla.
Nice and rare.
Gorilla chops.
You cut their spine lengthwise into little chunks.
Barbecue it up.
Okay.
Well.
Well, we've solved one problem anyway.
The problem of eating the right foods.
Americans and all people around the globe should know enough to eat chicken every day.
Karma takes a long time to work itself out.
But when it does, it's lip-smacking good.
Well, and every phylum or genus gets its time in the sun at some point or another.
Right now, it's the humans.
I'm sure that our time is coming swiftly to an end, much like this show.
Actually, you know, I worry that the time for humans isn't anywhere near coming to an end because they're so resilient.
Of course.
However, eventually, of course, we might devolve.
And while replacing all the other creatures, our descendants will fill the niche that those creatures used to fill.
For instance, there'll be little tiny mole people that are blind and live underground.
And there'll be chicken people who peck at the ground and eat worms.
Exactly.
You know.
And once again, the cycle will start and I will wonder again who's going to be eating us.
Who...
What...
Whether it'll be...
A large...
You know, it can't just be another large chicken.
Yeah, that's been done.
Been there, done that.
That would really make...
Take a lot of the hope out of life.
Knowing that the endless cycles of billions of years and aeons that the Hindus often re...
Oh, no.
I know what it'll be.
Cephalopods.
Squid.
And octopi.
They will be the new tool user of violent, world-conquering, oil-spill-causing...
Right.
Zip-popping monsters.
We will have developed bodies that will be able to swim around aimlessly in a vast sea of petroleum.
And there will be these huge squids that keep eating our young all the time.
Right.
And that's what we've got to look forward to.
They'll fish for us.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
They'll cast these nets from the briny, well, oily deeps up to the surface and catch those of us on our descendants that are floating around.
And, of course, you can...
You can float pretty well on top of thick, viscous stuff like oil.
And it's...
And the other thing is it's flammable.
You know, you can stay warm pretty easily if you can just stay ahead of...
You can paddle and row fast enough to stay ahead of the fire.
And if they were impervious, these giant squid, if they were impervious enough to fire, they could perhaps even spit fire at us as we were floundering around in the water and just french fries and eat us.
There you go.
You know, come in and just swallow us all in one big...
Like it's their banquet.
Fire-breathing oil squid.
Mm-hmm.
Sea dragons.
Mm-hmm.
See, the prophecies of old and the prophecies of the recent times are still stupid.
Praise Bob.
And that's why it's called subgenius.
That's what it's all about, baby.
You don't want to climb no higher than that because if you did, you'll know too much and it'll hurt real bad.
We're the...
We're the midgets of thought, you might say.
It's so much easier that way.
Yeah.
But at least we're standing.
We're standing on a firm...
We're humping on the backs of the necks of giants.
And on three legs.
Giant squids.
A tripod with six eyes and three squids.
Ah.
Ah.
This background music, by the way, is classic universal horror movie music by Hans Salter
and B.F. Skinner, the great behaviorist.
Yes.
I don't know what he zapped him.
He zapped Salter any time he didn't like the notes he was playing.
He was peppier than Salter was.
And so he would do the little happy parts and Salter would do the...
The...
The...
The dry parts.
The parts where the monkey does...
The parts...
Pushes the wrong button.
The parts that need it.
And the peanut doesn't come out.
An eye comes out with a distended foot.
No.
I don't understand.
B.F. Skinner was actually...
Was he a composer?
Well, it was some Skinner.
Maybe it was Mule Skinner.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Maybe it was Rabbit Skinner.
Yeah.
You ever skin a rabbit, Dave?
No.
I've argued with one, though.
But I got six months in...
I think it was 11...
No, I got 12 months in...
Sing Sing?
No.
Alcatraz?
No.
It starts with...
Oh, in my house.
Oh.
Ha ha ha.
But that still doesn't answer the problem.
And men and women, humankind, will be forced to seek these solutions for many, many, many, many years to come, I think.
Don't you?
I'm just looking for, you know, someone to agree with me.
Aren't we all...
Aren't we all just seeking someone to agree with us and touch us down there?
In the right places.
A message of hope.
Just a little glimmering of...
Just the slightest tickle, that's all we ask.
Have you ever seen...
A warm hand resting in the right place could mean so much.
You can tell Princess Wee's out of town.
Crawling the walls, huh?
Looking for something to, you know...
Actually, I've spent...
I spent yesterday fighting...
Fighting...
Fighting...


For a distant computer program.
The one that puts this show on a podcast, in fact.
Did you actually have fisticuffs with the people who run the lobotomy area, or...
So far, I've managed to be polite to them, but that's only because I...
Their forum doesn't recognize any of my user login names.
Well, you should wear a toga then and pretend to be a Sophocles or somebody, you know.
If the forum doesn't...
want to accept you, you could say, look, I don't accept you. Let's go and fight
the Persians, you know. These internet forums aren't like the ancient Greek forum
though. They're not so civilized.
The ancient Greek forums weren't perpetual flame
wars, were they? Well, no, but you do get an image
in your mind often of those two weird masks, the one that's
frowning and the one that's smiling.
Oh, the happy Bob and the angry Bob?
Yeah. I guess they're in Japanese art too.
The hugumu. I forget what they're called.
There's good Bob and there's bad Bob. There's real Bob
and there's a suit of Bob. There's a real suit of Bob and there's a bad Bob
and a real Bob. There's Bob the Bob and a Nick Bob
and a Sally Bob.
Smelly, smelly Bob.
Praise the, praise the hub.
We're getting, finally, we're getting religious again on this religious radio
broadcast, the hour of slack, which like the planet Earth and its
biosphere is swiftly coming to an end.
Need you to wake up and smell the funeral flowers.
It's time to say goodbye and
hear from planet Earth. I'm Tim Smores. This is speaking
with the Reverend.
Ovens over snakes of the Church of the disgruntled person.
And now it says here in the
dis and the the oomph page I have in front of my
did you on the night of June 24th, 2007
say to an AP photographer
that you needed your eyebrows plucked?
No, I said I needed my eye socket.
Well, it sounds like plucked, but I couldn't.
I can't.
It rhymes with plucked.
Oh, no, I needed my eye.
I needed the I had to remove the glass.
I lube up the let's just leave it at that.
And we must leave this show at that.
I have to put on some sort of music.
Earlier we were talking about the evolution of man that Jonathan
Colton song was about the evolving.
And I've got a Rudy Schwartz project
tune here, which I think can.
Carry us out
and carry us away.
Yes, yes.
Called a career in real estate.
Well, and it's a nightmarish song, actually.
I'm on my way to go for it right now.
And so, Dave, thank you.
So staying. Thank you.
Thank you. And thank you.
And thank you once again.
Remember, the future is in
future is now.
The future is in.
The future is in gold.
It's in real estate.
Man, it's in a golf properties.
The future is in poison.
Uruguay and armpits.
Oh, I can't remember what the future is.
And that is all.
So you see, Mr. Wilson, not only is it a beautiful home,
but when you consider the tax advantage of owning your own home,
it just makes economic sense to buy as soon as you can afford to get the better.
Oh, I guess you're right.
Sure. It's paying rent.
This now building equity instead of just throwing money away.
You'll really be happy when you see that you're getting something back on your investment instead of giving mine to your landlord.
Sounds great. But let me go home and talk about with my wife before I decide.
OK, but I can't guarantee it'll be around much longer.
I had another couple here looking at it just this morning.
They seem very interested.
Let me have a little more grease.
I'll let you know first thing in the morning.
Did you get a contract written by her?
Sure thing.
Now, then, let's talk about it.
Let's talk about financing.
I'd like to recommend that you make the purchase through our mortgage company.
Oh, sorry, Torsten's clean.
I can assure you that they're extremely reputable.
That's fine, but we'd like to keep our payments as low as possible.
Well, in that case, we can set you up with a negative amortization loan.
So take the initial insertion of the payments at a bare minimum.
That'll be fine.
I'd also like to make sure the plumbing's fixed before we move in.
Don't worry.
You have my personal assurance that all repairs will be completed by closing time.
Why don't you pull up your trousers and we'll drop all the necessary forms.
Thanks for watching.
I'll see you next time.


Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.

Bye.


Bye.

Bye.
Bye.
Bye.

Bye.
Bye.
Bye.





Bye.
