I think we're in big trouble.
And now, by request from Bay Ridge, Larry Underwood, and Baby, can you dig your man?
Well, Baby, can you?
I know you've got the hurt drop right there in your eyes, right?
But here I am, Baby, on my knees to apologize.
There's nothing I won't do for the two of us.
To make a stand.
Baby, can you dig your man?
You look like a man.
A few details about the operation.
The operation underway tonight, taking place in the pre-dawn darkness of the Persian Gulf and Baltic.
The subgenius.
Our house.
Watch.
Radio a lot.
Radio a lot.
Four Iraqi nuclear reactors have been crippled.
Sales are also up.
Merchants say it's not the lunatic train stocking up.
It's a cross-section of men and women looking for protection.
In New York, this store used to keep gas masks on hand for props and movie sets.
The theater fueled the sale of 500 masks over the past couple of days.
Bring out your guns!
Bring out your dead!
Want to know more about talking to your children about AIDS?
Send for a free information guide.
Call 1-800-342-AIDS.
Blue cabin, up in the hills. I'm going to try to wait this out.
...toward Haiti.
What he plans to do to force Haiti's brutal military to step down
and deal with Haitian refugees fleeing to America.
Should ducks in Dallas County be saved or killed
to stop the spread of a deadly plague?
The Dallas County...
We'll see this week.
Join us for the News 8 Update at 10.
Although city and government spokespersons vehemently deny it,
reliable sources continue to report to news radio
that troops opened fire earlier today on unarmed pedestrians
attempting to flee New York by way of the Lincoln Tunnel.
As many as 60 persons may have been killed with hundreds wounded.
Although travel to some of the outer boroughs is still possible,
news radio advises you to stay off the streets.
...underway and that doesn't mean that people are breathing any evil.
...easier.
...cast mass sales are booming.
CNN headline news. This is...
And the great showdown has begun.
Quoting further here, the glorious sons of our nation.
And he said...
Sorry, he said he was addressing the glorious sons of our nation
and said the battle was one of justice against vice,
of the believers against the infidels.
Two hours, there are new reports of alerts in Saudi Arabia,
which is possibly undergoing a missile attack.
Sanders.
...like to David Goodenow at the...
...very busy update desk too, Chuck.
Hello there, this is Ray Flowers on Speak Your Peace.
I guess this morning there's only one topic of conversation.
You can call it the super flu or by its West Coast name, Captain Trips,
but it means the same thing either way.
There have been some horror stories about the army clamping down on everything.
The army?
Just be patient with me.
Remember, I'm running the show all by myself.
Everyone else called in sick.
The numbers are the same as always though, 555-TALK and 555-CHAT.
So let's go.
Hello there, this is Ray Flowers and it's time to Speak Your Peace.
I'm calling from Portsmouth, Ray.
What's your name, Portsmouth?
Leonora...
Listen, Ray, I just want everyone to know that there are soldiers burning bodies across the state line in Kittery.
Also...
I had my gas mask on.
Journalists watching the missiles immediately put on their gas masks.
Again...
So many already found them and returned home.
...the Patriots rounded it overhead and intercepted the Scots,
which were aimed, we understand, at...
...in the Battle of Radios. We should probably also report that...
Well, in the People's Republic of China,
agitation continues to foment and burble up to the repressed psychic substratum of the Chinese people.
This just in on the teletype, Tibet has invaded China.
China.
Yes, the UN is debating.
The Dalai Lama, at the head of an international force of mercenaries,
has circled the capital of Beijing
and threatens to subdue the country by tomorrow afternoon at the latest.
The UN is deliberating over possible sanctions
that can force this terrible breaking down of the world's new order.
And we'll have the latest in the sports news in a moment,
and we'll be back on the stupid radio news.
This just in, in the fiercest engagement so far this year,
units of the 23rd Pacific Combat Group
inflicted severe losses of men and material
on Chinese aqua bandits in mid-ocean this morning.
Our own casualties are reported light.
However, Chairman Yong of China today
sent a personal message of congratulations
to the daring sailors of the blood-red banner Flotilla,
who yesterday inflicted great damage in men and material
on the imperialist aggressor,
claiming that their casualties were very light.
However, friends, just remember that lonely on the edge of space,
patrol pilot Eugene Flood and his co-pilot Bob Dobbs
keep watch and ward over the security of your homes and families
thanks to this radio station.
Weapons capability.
Capable of taking out from orbit
anything from a single boatload of saboteurs
to an entire megalopolis lie under their hands.
And you can, you can keep Bob up there in orbit
and off of your back porch by calling...
And they talk about peace.
They talk about peace and justice.
You see, it goes back to what I tell you before.
When I was, when I was in college,
during the late 60s and early 70s,
these people in the street that are yelling into the bottom,
into the bottom.
I said, are the babies part of America?
The babies are African-Americans.
There is a genocide, and George Bush is at the forefront of it.
And it is absolutely deplorable that he used Dr. Martin McKee's birthday
to start this war.
They can see it.
Now, right now, a message shortly after the vote for it began.
You want to stop the same?
Call U.S. President George Bush.
Bush, a hypocritical criminal.
Earlier, Saddam Hussein, or rather,
what appears to have been a recording of Saddam Hussein
was broadcast on this frequency.
If it quacks like a duck, if it walks like a duck,
and if the water runs off its back, it's a duck.
On the Pentagon, the AP's Thelma Labreck reports that the Iraqis have only seen the...
One enemy machine destroyed.
Enemy now discharging heavy black smoke in direction of...
This is Newark, New Jersey.
This is Newark, New Jersey.
Warning.
Poisonous black smoke pouring in from Jersey marshes.
Reaches South Street.
Gas maps useless.
Earth's population moving to open spaces.
Automobiles use Route 7, 23, 24.
Avoid contested areas.
Smoke now spreading over Raymond Boulevard.
Thank you.
It's not...
Of course, that's never stopped the real patriots among us, has it?
You try to hang in there, Lenora.
I'm trying, Ray.
But have you ever smelled bodies on fire?
I can't say that I have.
It's awful, Ray. It's just...
You just try to hang in there, hon.
This is Ray Flowers. You're on the air, and it's time to speak your piece.
Ray, uh, first of all, I just want to tell you that I love your show, Ray.
Now known as...
What does that mean?
Operation Desert Storm.
All of them are hurling insults at Saudi Arabia and the United States.
There has been a series of militaristic songs and prayers.
And just a short while ago, the radio began broadcasting the chant,
Allah Akbar, God is great.
That is one of the war cries of the Muslims who fight the infidels.
And this just in.
The frenzied mobs in Tokyo last night burned the effigy of the emperor,
in protest against his intention to abdicate.
A spokesman declared that if he does resign his throne,
they will recognize Mr. Oyoshita,
head of one of the country's oldest noble families, as his successor,
and will refuse to cooperate with the new government.
Victims of the rioting are already being described as martyrs.
And that's post office box 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
752.
214.
It's Bob.
It's all that you've got to be.
To prove something.
To prove something.
To prove something.
I'm gonna love you.
It's all that you've got to be.
That's all I am.
Additional funding for this look back at one of the most dramatic events in 20th century history
is provided by General Dynamics.
General Dynamics.
A strong company for a strong country.
You say you saw these?
FBI's gunning down unarmed civilians?
Open in the name of the United States government.
Tell you what, Portland, it looks like the Marines have landed.
They don't look too happy.
This is a joke.
Right? I mean, this has got to be a joke.
I don't think so, Fanny. I really don't think so.
Hi there, you're on the air.
Great, you all right?
Well, to tell you the truth, honey, it doesn't look real good for the kid right now.
Several soldiers have just broken into the studio.
They're fully armed and they're dressed in white.
In some kind of protective clothing.
They're wearing respirators on their faces.
Shut it down!
Hey, Bluto, you ever heard of a little number called Freedom of Speech?
Bill of Rights?
Any of that ring a bell?
Folks, I've just been ordered by my uninvited fascist guest to shut down.
And I've refused.
All right, get off!
Surprise, Dad.
President Bush told a television audience the world could wait no longer.
We are determined to knock out Saddam Hussein's nuclear...
...clear bomb potential.
Ours is much more advanced and we could go on and on and on.
But the Bible says some trust in chariots, some in horses.
The beginning is a very delicate time.
Peter, I am looking directly west from our hotel now.
And throughout the entire sky, there are flashes of light.
Something is definitely underway here.
Something is going on.
I must...
I must seize the power in the cylinder.
No, no, not the cylinder.
Don't open the cylinder.
I have it now.
If he uses the cylinder, we will escalate the war.
I have unscrewed the...
We are going up the war escalator.
At nine.
It's hard to read the ancient hieroglyphics on the top.
He's activating the thumbprint.
We lead them to...
The hieroglyphics.
It's not sure which way I should turn this, but I'll try to the left.
The planet Arrakis.
There we go.
On the planet Arrakis, yes.
My God.
Look over there.
It's the sandworms.
Hey, what are you doing?
Sorry, I hate to be the first one to tell you, but you got sandworms.
Oh, man.
Worst case I've ever seen.
Downwind, boy.
And so, becoming a social undesirable can warp your entire life.
With some, it's sandworms.
With others, it's personal uncleanness.
And thus begins the original one and only lives of genius Albert Slack
for a human memory of the ground war fought with sandworms.
You are about to experience...
Experience a full length of genius show.
In its stereophonic sound.
So relax, sit back, and enjoy our feature presentation.
Presented the way it was meant to be heard.
If your brain should knob up to the front of your head and explode in your eyeballs,
do not head it, for this is completely normal.
Long live the succotash suckers.
Death to the onion eaters.
Long live King Hussein, the almighty Mouton of this country.
Mouton?
To all intents and purposes, it was non-existent in this crucial phase of the war.
The waves of American warplanes have continued to bring great devastation.
Darkman! He's coming!
He's closer now!
The Darkman!
as we encounter Isaiah Laitha, the officer at whose posterior fiction letter,
the most presśliant andramosic hero,
that first of its kind is quite priceless,
theapse ofstadt записthruth imp ung Padopa Seren.
sound also examined to the nationale honor of brightness.
Only также aI fnile, luscious property thrives here and against austerity,
because you Héquame the hyperactivity ofllanso ii ad Red Starland iniouappe.
with hot iron or razors or poison or a club or a rock,
with a lance or a mace or a book of matches,
with thermite or acid, with your teeth or your nails or hypodermic
or a diadermic with a flamethrower or a kitchen carver
or a length of rope or a hammer or a belt or a chisel or a boot
or a bath of water or a modified domestic laser
or a quarterstaff or a broken bottle or a bucket of cement
or an ordinary door or window or a staircase or a pillow
or a cooking pan or a long hair or a sewing needle
or a splinter or a bottle of medicine.
You can give those humans a taste of their own medicine.
Hehehehe.
And he's been drinking so much caffeinated coffee lately.
Oh yeah!
Put it like this.
Some trust in F-15 jet fighters.
Some trust in aircraft carriers.
Some trust in sophisticated surveillance like AWACS planes
and modern equipment.
But we will remain.
Remember the name of the Lord our God.
I thank God for sophisticated weapons that can protect our interests and our soldiers.
But that's not where my faith is.
My faith is in God.
Yes, dear friend.
Oh my God, I think we've got incoming planes.
What a turkey.
Our own technology can love that stuff.
Get them, boys!
We've got those turkey choppers.
Spacebleed kit!
That's right.
Okay, we made it.
Hey, I've got my APHE-EM10 rifle grenade handy.
What you need is your T-33 Scottox trainer now.
Nope.
The bombardment has started.
They're beginning with the artillery, right?
Work out with ferry and hydraulics.
I read all the ala.
These rounds are falling short at the moment, but as the range increases,
the hapless enemy is going to find itself
secured by salty dashes of high-heavy artillery.
Uh, heavy artillery.
Uh, for, uh, what?
Oh, it's high, high-he for the field artillery.
...DOS, which gives the access user internet...
Live from Sandcastle Stadium in Baghdad,
it's time for Monday Night Hardball.
Good evening, everybody. I'm Jim McVeigh.
And I'm Don McKay, welcoming you to
World In Your Face Monday Night Hardball.
Tonight, two teams locked in heated combat
for world domination are going head-to-head
as the Iraqi Jihad Joes under Coach Saddam
and Saddam Hussein take on the defending champions,
the Fighting Doughboys of the U.S. of A.
under head coach George Bush.
You know, Jim, this is going to be the big test of the season
for Bush here today, and it has been a long one.
He's had that problem with his son Neil
and the whole SNL-CIA story,
the read-my-lips tax debacle,
Chief Justice Souter...
Not to mention the Wimp Factor Syndrome, Don.
That's right, Jim. But as they say,
everybody loves a winner,
and there would be nothing better for Bush's image at home
than a big victory at Sandcastle Stadium.
Yes, the man known to his players as Mr. President
certainly has a lot to prove here,
and I must say, this looks like war.
I mean it, folks. There is so much pride here at stake
that somebody could really get hurt.
This is going to be smash-mouth warfare at its very best.
Folks, we'll be back to take a look at the Jihad Joes lineup
after these words from Budrow Beer.
Make mine a Budrow
The official beer
of the U.S. Army
Make mine a Budrow
I'll be there
with a can of Budrow
Fight to win
and win to fight
99 calories
taste just right
if you get back home
Have a Budrow
on me
Budrow Beer, the official beer of the U.S. Army.
And proud sponsor of Monday Night Hardball.
If you get back home, have a Budrow on me.
We're back live at Sandcastle Stadium in Baghdad here
where this long-awaited matchup is about to get underway.
Coach Bush's Fighting Doughboys have elected to kick off,
so let's take a look at Coach Hussain's defensive line.
Well, Jim, as you know, the Iraqi Jihad Joes
coming to this game is a bit of a wild card.
You know, they bullied their way to the top of the Middle Eastern Conference,
leaving a trail of blood and tears behind them.
They're dangerous, they're unpredictable,
and Coach Hussain has literally whipped these boys
into a fever pitch for this game.
So, all willing, they're sure to have a few surprises
lined up for us here today.
Not to mention the press he's been getting the past few months.
Is he going to use the bomb? Isn't he going to use the bomb?
Does he even have a bomb?
I don't know if I've ever witnessed a game with such preliminary
speculation and uncertainty.
Well, this isn't coming.
It's called the Game of the Millennium for Nothing, Jim.
Oh, excuse me. That's right. Excuse me, ladies and gentlemen.
Right now, let's go down on the battlefield
for an up close and personal with Rashida Rashad Rashad.
Hi, guys. This is Rashida Rashad Rashad
on the field with a fellow that, well, just being able to introduce him
makes me proud to be in this business.
Drafted right out of high school,
this young phenom has literally captured the hearts of the entire USA.
Jimmy Hoghead Jackson.
Hoghead, what do you have to say for yourself?
Well, I'd just like to say hi to my mom and my girlfriend.
And listen, all you folks at home, don't worry.
We're going to be kicking some Iraqi butt all over the stadium.
That's the spirit, Hoghead.
So what...
What do you...
You all right, man?
Here. Want some Frog Aid?
Thanks.
Frog Aid, official thirst quench beverage of Monday Night Hardball.
So what do you think it's going to be like out there, Hoghead?
Well, they've had us on the virtual reality simulator
for quite a few weeks now,
so I guess it'll be like a big video game without the quarters.
That's...
That's a pretty good analogy, Hoghead.
What?
Well, listen, I'd just like to say that Mr. President,
he's been doing a great job back at home,
and we're all behind him 101%.
And I'd just like to thank God for the opportunity
and to tell Betty to keep it warm, and I'll be home soon.
I'm sure she'll have a nice cold bud-row waiting for you when you get home.
That too, ma'am.
Back to you, Don.
Oh, sorry, folks. Gee, I don't know what this is.
Must be something in them mic cables here.
Or the water.
By the way, Don,
Jimmy Hoghead Jackson was voted
Zao Chemical Offensive Player of the Game.
Zao Chemical, maker of those new biodegradable body bags,
will hopefully be seeing an action soon.
Remember, when you need it now, it's Zao.
Oh, my throat.
Well, let's take a look at the strategies we might be seeing
throughout today's little skirmish.
George Bush, the beleaguered coach of the Fighting Doughboys,
is a man who cannot afford to back down.
He certainly can't, Don.
The team itself has had its share of problems these past few years.
They're still the dominant force to be reckoned with
in the Western Hemisphere Division,
but more and more of their victories have been clouded by scandal and intrigue.
So...
if there ever was a time to...
George Bush and the Doughboys really need to pull one out
for the record books here to...
But let's look at Coach Hussain.
Now, here's a guy who's a real animal.
I mean, you almost have to respect the guy.
What other coach would have the moxie to come right out and say,
OK, come at me, hit me with your worst.
Not only will I hit you right back,
but my first strike will be at a team in a whole separate conference.
Uh-huh.
You're talking about the Israeli War.
Well, he's in a team ofienenewandering Jews, right?
Exactly, Don.
You don't think he'll do whatever it takes to...
win ugly?
Just look at how utterly ruthless he's been
when it comes to making cuts on his own.
He's definitely a worthy opponent.
Hey, with all that talk of us...
It's the secret!
It's the secret weapon!
Uh, yes, uh, Monday Night Hardball, there, dear friends, by, who is that by?
World In Your Face.
Yes, a comedy group out of San Francisco.
World In Your Face and, uh, oh.
Uh, the conspiracy's been celebrating the D-Day orgy this week,
so we thought we'd shake the moths off of the Gulf War, you know.
You remember that it was, uh, I know it's kind of old hat.
It's just another old miniseries now, like Shogun or something.
But, uh, you know, what the heck.
It could happen again and again and again and again.
And by the way, before I forget,
this is, uh, Ron Slabe in the background,
recorded at the Sonic Disturbance Festival.
Probably in Cleveland.
Yeah, the collage that we've been listening to,
and, uh, more of which will be coming up,
uh, of course from old Hour of Slack collages of, uh, war stuff,
plus the two books.
Neck News.
Material from Orson Welles and G.E.
A lot of KPFA there with Dr. Howell.
The KPFA Subgenius Show with Dr. Howell
and Father Joe Mama with Buzzing Evidence.
And probably talking in ones coming up.
There's some material taken here from a video
called, uh, Iraqi Campaign.
The next.
Genocide.
By, I think the guy's name is Pete Pateras.
It was, uh, on a videotape that Puzzling Evidence sent me.
And had some wonderful little juxtapositions,
which is, uh, what we like to do,
uh, with all that mess.
The Gulf War.
Operation Desert Storm.
Yeah, old past history.
Except for the war.
Except for those guys that are missing body parts
and cellular cohesion.
Uh, this is my confession, friends.
Every time I think about that, uh, quote, war, unquote,
I am abashed.
Uh, yes, uh, embarrassed.
Because as my wife reminded me, I was the one who wanted to put
an American flag on my car antenna.
Oh, I was the one who wanted to put an American flag on my car antenna.

I was pulled in, friends.
I was a sucker.
I'll admit it.
I was a flag waving American during that time.
I felt like there must be something fishy about it, but I was so concerned about people
getting killed and, uh, cause I try to be tied in to the hideous fitful pulse of our
nation's waves of normals.
I fell for the line.
I almost halfway believed that the news media wasn't totally controlled.
And because I was so concerned about the media, I was so concerned about the media.

And because of that stupid, unforgivable naivety, I actually thought that there was some good
reason for the whole mess.
God.
Uh, hey, what a, a human I was.
And I am, believe me, friends, I am duly alarmed at myself for, uh, having been such a dupe
of the lynch mob fever that does sweep humanity, our good friend, away.




Uh, humanity every now and then.
Cause as much as I try to stay at one remove, you see, from the human race, I, I can't help
but be part of it.
To monitor it, if nothing else.
To even become emotionally involved in it.
To, to even, yes, it's true, even of Reverend Ivan Stank, to trust that the, the mass media
wasn't lying in every detail.
Every tiny detail.
Out of every pore.
The false front of the conspiracy, friends, profit first and the end justifies the means.
Well, they had to die.
They had to die.
They might have interfered with our plans.
It was for their own good.
It was for a good cause.
It's not our fault that they got in the way of our business practices.
Uh.
Yeah.
Yeah, I gotta confess.
Cause I've realized what a bandwagon jumper I can be given enough stirrings of the collective
unconscious.
And, you know, even though I'm a, a, a professional anti-establishment rabble rouser, I'm no more
immune to the waves of blood, lust, and righteous fervor erupting from the national media.

media.
I'm more immune to the
sub-conscience than his old Bubba pumping gas down there at the Exxon station.
And that makes me sick.
Makes me realize what a deluded hypocrite I can be.
I'm not being one right now, of course.
But you know what I mean, right?
It's a hideous truth that the most, even the most ornery hater of the conspiracy can be
roped in by a smooth enough line combined with a real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real,
relentless enough media tease and hope and by gobs they did that war up right.
Media-wise, it was definitely not another Vietnam.
They learned their lesson.
GE, the owners of NBC, realized that the war would go over much better as an arms commercial
than as a body count.
And it was, it was, it was more like the Super Bowl.
It was beautifully covered visually.
And it was a great show.

And think how many young folks who were anti-war liberal types gave the most of their talents
working for CNN, making that war look sweet as a Coke commercial.
Good evening.
The United States of America is at war.
We missed!
We missed!
We missed!
It was about time, last I found out you didn't.






That wraps up our pregame so reminder, coming up at halftime Peter Jennings and ABC News
with a full report.
This is World News Tonight with Peter Jennings.
brought to you by preparation.
It starts with itch and irritation.
And then.
Yes.
back as to the troops, and he said,
Forget your sounds of violence.
Bring forth peace.
We no longer want war.
We want peace.
I am convinced that the chimpanzees
and orangutans can exist
in peace.
And as he spoke,
silence pervaded the battlefield.
The crickets welled up
with almighty peaceful ringing
of songs. Those
rotten cricket no
goodniks. And again
the Middle East became the spawning
crown of the philosopher king,
the messiah, the
man-king. He will be known
as the king of
Arrakis. There, there, my
dear son. Mohabib.
Have you ever stopped to think just
how much Iraq resenders
do? King Hussein,
Mohabib,
they're both messiahs. The evil
Baron Harkonnen and his Republican
guards. And don't forget,
get Sting, alias
Bushmaster.
Not to reason why,
there's but to do and die.
Okay, folks, it's time for
war.
It's going
to be fun.
The following is a
special presentation of ABC
Sports.
We are
going to win.
Nothing like Vietnam.
Wow. Thought it'd be like Lawrence of Arabia
in the movies. Just one big sand dune.
You know, I'd hate to see a man as rich
and powerful as you take off on some scheme
that'd get our country into a lot of trouble.
Oh, no way. Uh-uh.
As much as I want to shut down the Arabs,
I'd never do anything to hurt my
country.
Ladies and gentlemen,
our corporate handbook.
I'm the king.
King of the Владивор diaphragm,
and today,
we throw three
Erdogan flyers in going through our
schools.
The thing I love the most
about the collapse of
theriers is the three
chains of force inside
our hands.
Now,
we'd like,
well,
Emily's
assistant question,
however,

going to win our box offer in three,
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, yes.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Don't give up.
Yep, he didn't say what not to give up, so I'll tell you what I'm not giving up.
I'm not giving up drugs.
I'm not giving up surfing.
I'm not giving up coming down to this station and being a bad noise in your ear.
And I'm also not giving up the hope that our boys over there in Malaysia
will be able to assassinate Bob for once and for all
and get rid of his kind before you become one of him.
And I'm afraid we'll not be able to take calls tonight.
In a wartime situation such as this, we just don't care what you have to say.
You can call the station all you want, and we aren't going to listen.
It's time you got to realize that it's people like me
are going to have to come up with the answers for you
and that you're just going to have to live with our decisions.
We're taking a lot of notes here tonight,
so we're going to be thinking about what you're thinking about.
And we know what you're thinking, believe me.
Tonight's show, unlike normally, we do have a sponsor tonight,
and we'll be revealing that sponsor.
Thanks, thanks, out here in the horrid, horrid future.
But like I said before, please don't give up.
Don't give up drugs.
Don't give up going crazy.
And don't give up the hope that someday our nation,
our people, will be run by people like me.
Gary Shepard, do you hear us in Baghdad?
Gary Shepard, can you hear us?
The liberation of Kuwait has begun.
You are watching CBS News continuing coverage of Showdown in the Gulf.
Come on, guys. Over here. This way.
They're shooting.
They're shooting at us. Come on. Here we are.
It's going to be a war soon.
Hey, I didn't sign up for this.
What happened?
How long has it been like this?
It was peaceful when I left for Arizona.
Oh, the war.
Oh, the war.
Who is that?
Oh, look at that guy over there.
He really bought it.
Yeah, that Andy bar I wanted.
He bought it.
Oh, yeah.
Good.
He doesn't melt in his hands in Operation Desert Delcon Shield.
Ah, boy.
Yes, a prophylaxis against bad people is necessary in this day and age.
Come, my friends.
It is not too late to seek a newer world.
Push off.
And sitting well in order, smite the sounding furrows.
Yes, indeed.
Get it.
Take the wheel.
Take the wheel.
Take the wheel.








The furrows aren't going to bother our brave boys and gals
out in the hellish inferno of the Saudi Arabian whatever it be.
Bacon out there in the sand.
Even Aunt Jessie and Mama will come.
Jessie and Mama are out there fighting side by side.
Dressed in tacky khaki.
Overflown with a camouflage pattern by Mr. Gillis,
a polyglot.
Rolling back to the




We alike have imbued with Oregon wood,
ublic,
It's simply stunning,
and my ensemble is adorable.
And now they're playing some music for us.
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Aren't you glad we got smart phones
It's a good thing that our bombs are clever
It's a shame that our kids are dumb
But our bombs are smart
What a lucky thing now
Don't you know it's a feel-good show
And it's suitable for the whole darn family
Come on out, everybody shout
Give a big salute to our internet team
Don't you know this is better than any video friend
It's an action movie
Here we go, watch the bad guys
Get their butts kicked
Let them make some noise
Makes me feel good
Don't you know it's Nintendo
Really gets the blood flowing through my veins
Now, don't you know it's a feel-good show
Electronic mess
It's a video, video
There they go now
They're the one, my friends
There they go now
Marching off to war again
With their bright flags
Waving in the wind
Yeah
There they go now
Marching off to war again
Smiling proudly
There they go now
There go all my friends
There they go now
Marching off to war again
With their bright flags
Waving in the wind
There they go now
Marching off to war again
Smiling proudly
With their heads in the clouds
See them smiling now
Marching on and on
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
There they go now
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
There they go now
There they go now
There go all my friends
There they go now
Marching off to war again
There they go now
There they go now
We're seeing the Emperor Saddam in the Dune series,
but here we have Saddam Hussein.
The resemblance is uncanny.
There they fought for spice.
Here we fight for oil.
Yes, duel in the desert, day 664.
It was when we realized the crickets were chirping
that we knew there was water deep underneath the crust of Arrakis.
And covered with a milk chocolate shell,
which makes it purely delicious.
Once we realized that deep in the underbelly of Arrakis...
Deep in the belly of Babylon, man.
...that the water surged and purged,
we knew that there was a dramatic possibility.
We're talking about some serious,
possible problems here in this Arrakian war.
A sudden racking cough overcame me and respiratory troubles.
The free man...
Is that this one?
I think it's that.
...rumor has it that they were there,
and they were there.
I think they fired in their make-car rounds.
Yeah, they're wearing those free man suits on the base.
It smells like vegetables.
If it tastes like vegetables, they felt...
They keep that water stored, and they never go pee.
There it comes, the green turnip,
landing at Burleson Air Force Base.
Strategic lift is the true force multiplier at these bases.
Yes, the United States faces both a dangerous challenge
and a significant opportunity...
Both am.
...in the area of military mobilization and deployer potential.
We're talking about...
...giving increasing unpredictable requirements...
...to deploy...
...Subgenius Foundation...
...Subgenius Foundation, or the Pacific Ocean...
...at short notice.
...HVST air defense systems.
...the need to increase...
...you call it a dive back.
...strategic and practical air lift...
...is unbecoming.
...the rate of thawing angle...
...traditionally, strategic lift...
...has been given a low priority by the Navy and Air Force teams...
...the United States...
...the Capitol...
That scene...
...says a lot about America.
...a lot about who we are.
...a lot about who we are.
Americans are a caring people.
We are a good people.
A generous people.
A little people.
A silly people.
Greedy, barbarous, and cruel.
We are Americans.
And we're proud of you...
...for your courage to stand tall.
Yes, we're proud of you.
You gave your very all...
...you fought the desert storm...
...in the air, on land, and sea...
...to keep America free.
Welcome to freedom...
...and the President's New World Order...
...tonight.
You will believe.
We believe.
We believe.
We believe.
We believe.
We believe.
We believe.
We believe.
You will believe.
We will only believe.
So manyißt deze
and get on with the business of living.
But scientists discovered that by covering the stubs
with some strange new protoplasm,
they were able to resurrect the stubs
into a new form of life that had been...
Boy, my stub resurrects just hearing about it.
It wasn't enough just to simply bring them back to life.
These stubs had a mission.
Millions of years ago,
because these stubs were determined to win the war,
so these stubs were not content to be buried.
They wanted revenge.
Here comes another one!
What scientists didn't count on, however,
was the difficulty in controlling these stubs
once they were resurrected from the grave.
We're having electrical interference down here,
ladies and gentlemen.
It's part of the barrage.
We hope we're going to be able to continue
bringing our program to you, but sit tight.
Hey, what'll it be, guys?
I'll have a coffee, please.
Coffee for me, too, Joey.
Thank you. Coffee's great.
I got that war anxiety.
My nerves, I'm a bundler.
Nerves, it's like it's coming at you from all sides.
You try to forget it, and you turn on the TV,
there's a story, all the scuds, and Tel Aviv, and blood,
and it's going to get bad.
You look like a bundler of nerves.
Maybe you could use something to eat.
Look, they got nice Danish over there.
Yeah, I wouldn't touch those Danishes.
They're as hard as a rock.
Maybe.
A rock.
A rock.
A rock.
Ah, there it is.
Again, a rock.
I'm scared.
There's bombs going off.
Maybe a nice bowl of cereal.
Settle your nerves.
A bowl of cereal.
Well, it's a little late in the day for cereal,
cereal, cereal.
That's the country that borders the north of Israel.
Hey, hey, hey, calm down.
You're going crazy here.
They're going to get sucked into this war
as soon as the Arab coalition goes under.
Let's change the subject.
Ba-dum!
Change the subject, okay?
All right, all right, all right.
Your birthday's coming up, right?
My birthday.
That's a happy thing, you know.
That's a happy thing.
Maybe you want a nice watch like the one I got here.
Look at this nice Rolex.
Hey, yeah, it is a nice watch.
Is that a fake Rolex, or is that real?
No, it's real.
It's real.
It's real.
Israel again with the Israel.
In Tel Aviv, those poor people,
they got the scuds dropped on them.
They're going to snap those people,
and I'm not going to blame them when they do.
Dave, Dave, Dave, Dave,
let's just talk about our families, okay?
I'm sorry.
You're obsessing on this war thing.
I'm not obsessing on it.
It just happens to be that we're in a crisis.
You know, life goes on.
All right.
How's your kid?
Oh, my big guy, he's great.
Well, you know, he gets into trouble sometimes.
I had to have a talk with him, you know?
I sat him down last night.
I sat him down, and I sat him, sat him, sat him.
Hussein, the bloodthirsty butcher of Baghdad.
Stop.
Stop it.
He's like another Hitler, and somebody's got to stop him.
But I don't know how we got...
Well, it's all about big oil.
It's not about making aggression.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
You know, I know what you like.
Football.
Let's talk about football.
Let's talk football.
Now, who's going to do it?
The Giants or the Bills, huh?
Oh, the Giants.
You can bet the Giants.
I'd put money on that.
Nah, I bet it's going to be the Bills,
because, you know, it'll be over quick, man.
The Bills, a half hour, I bet.
The whole thing.
Half hour, you bet.
Half hour.
Half hour, Albertin.
Half hour, Albertin.
What are you talking about?
Half hour, Albertin.
Don't you read the papers.
Half hour, Albertin.
It's a base where they keep missiles there,
those Tomahawk cruise missiles.
They're launched from command centers,
and they're going to go up against the Scots.
Everything reminds me of that.
He's going to take the order.
We can have something nice to eat.
All right, all right.
You guys ready to order?
Yeah.
What are your specials today?
Specials today is barbecued spareribs.
Spareribs.
That sounds pretty good.
I'll try the spareribs.
Spareribs I like.
Spareribs.
Spareribs.
Spareribs.
Spareribs.
Spareribs.
And then we go into war again.
I can't stop thinking about it.
Spareribs.
Spareribs.
Spareribs.
I'm going to fight the Arab coalition.
It's going crazy.
The world is going to go nuts.
My head is going to explode.
Maybe I'll try something else to eat.
How about the big stuff scud?
I mean scribe.
See, I'm doing it now.
I'm doing it.
Look at my plate.
It rhymes with Kuwait.
Kuwait.
Kuwait.
Ah.
And that was the end of the show.
This is our good friend, Reverend Gleepo Abernathy, and his good friend, Billy West.
Billy West, who's now, since that was recorded, has become a big star as the voices of Ren
and Stimpy.
And gosh, we could go on with sickening Gulf War material for forever.
And we could even do it next week, but I don't think we're going to.
You'll have to listen to me bitch and gripe about money next week.
But it's not all bad news in subgenius land.
Nay.
And by the way, you should get a pencil ready and paper or else have your tape recorder running.
And if you don't have your tape recorder running, we have to wonder if you even should be listening to this program.
Anyway, there's some subgenius events coming up.
If you're lucky enough to live.
If you're lucky enough to live near any of these far-flung slack sites and cities of shame.
And firstly, coming up, July 5th, 1994, the Portland Pilgrimage.
Yes, in Portland, Oregon.
The closest thing you'll ever see to another dock stock, most likely.
That's July 5th.
It's a pre-X Day celebration.
And we have an address for that.
It will be held at, believe it or not,
the Clinton Street Theater on Clinton Street in Portland, Oregon.
And you know there's a lot of cities in the United States named Portland.
Don't be stupid.
Only one of the many Portlands is the focus of the Universal Subgenius Pilgrimage.
Take it from us, you'll feel like a real dope if you show up in Portland, Arkansas.
Looking for a unique experience?
The Yeti Convention.
Only the largest Portland in the world can provide sufficient pink slaves to make a pilgrimage worth contemplating.
Don't even settle for second best.
Um...
So, uh...
And, oh, the address to write for information on that is NenZlo.
NenZlo is, uh...
Uh, you might say sponsoring that.
And you can write NenZlo, or well just send a dollar to NenZlo at Box 86582.
That's Box 86582.
Portland, Oregon.
97286.
97286.
And, uh...
Then, uh, about a week and a half after that, DragonCon in Atlanta, Georgia.
July 15th through 16th.
America's biggest sci-fi convention this year.
Uh, in this...
With lots of, uh, comic and science fiction and movie guests and so forth.
But also...
A big devival featuring yours truly.
And the swingin' love corpses, dear friend, will be there.
And Reverend Susie the Floozy.
And Reverend Nancy Regalia.
And possibly Father Joe Mama?
Jane or Hypercleets?
We don't know.
And we'll be glad to anoint the WREK listeners there at the Atlanta Hilton.
The place to write is DragonCon.
P.O.
Box 47690.
Atlanta 30362.
0696.
It's almost the number of the beast.
And, uh...
Finally, Starwood, dear friends.
July 21st through 23rd where we can anoint the WCSB listeners, uh, around Cleveland
area.
This is a...
A big outdoor subgenius devival.
It's part of the Starwood Festival of Advanced Shamnistic Noé.
Uh...
rudeness and high-tech
ravistical dudeness
where you can also hear Terrence McKenna
this time around
write for information from
Ace at
1643
Lee Road
number 9
that's 1643
Lee, L-E-E, Road
number 9, Cleveland, Ohio
44118
44118
or call
216
932
5421
and those are all good friends of this
mighty Church of the Subgenius
but if you want the poop
that sounds good
poop
like the peas on this microphone
okay
write to Bob
and here's that address for free information from
Church of the Subgenius
you might throw in a self-addressed envelope
send that to Bob
at
post
on

,
at


box
1403
06
that's box
1403 06
Dallas, Texas
75214
that zip once again
the zip of Bob
75214
ah yes
thank you very much dear friends and a praise Bob
oh and praise Reverend Cleve Duncan
heard in the background here
a beautiful thing
thank you
thank you
thank you
thanks
I meet my fellow
we go to
the
ML八


cupcake
Elmer

stick your hand
in the ballot box
my boy and
binet
rose a bar
worth an
It's old Saddam Hussein.
You can see it right at the basket.
If you pull your mitts out, that's it.
Kaput.
And now it's old Reverend Brothers swept majestically from the room.
Cleaning out under the tables and...
We're breaking up, we're breaking up.
