And welcome to the show with the squeaky chair.
Ah, yes.
But we don't need that spooky music yet.
No.
Because it's a light-hearted show tonight.
We're going to be talking about hell and death and rebirth and so forth.
Because, well, number one, friends, I should say,
welcome to the subgenius radio ministry.
Our of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Praise that man, Bob.
And we didn't really have time to edit tapes tonight.
I could just play music, but anything I picked you'd think was too normal and old-timey.
And to play a lot of subgenius tapes, I have to pre-screen them first, you know.
And that usually takes up about half of my Sunday.
It's my preacher's job.
And that's fine. I love doing it.
And it's a good break from the pressures of working on this book.
More book, young lady?
Yeah, this book we're trying to finish a year late.
Revelation X, the Bob Apocryphon.
But last week, last week, friends.
No, I've got to put the scary music back on.
Last week, Simon and Schuster called.
The publisher's my editor.
And she said that I have to have the text totally finished,
chopped down and proofread in 30 days.
30 days, my friends.
30 days, my friends.
And sentenced me to heavy begging for 30 days.
30 days.
There was a time when I did believe that I could recall every day I'd lived.
But then that joyride became a landslide and I got buried alive in here.
I used to walk.

I used to wake up.
Angels each morning.
Time it was nothing.
I'd ever want to kill.
But now the first day of every month's just another paycheck and a bunch of bills.
For 30 days, I am a prisoner.
In 30 days, I'm an escapee.
For I shall tunnel out of all this trouble.
I shall be free in 30 days.
For of a better, better life.
Well, it's been a bad month, my friend unfortunately.
Last month was not so hot either.
The wind got knocked out of my life.
It wont go in my face.
I just want to breathe!
yeah, yeah, kinda crazy hot...
Yeah!
I gotbin' some cigarettes.


God created the earth and heaven
In only seven days they say
And on that seventh day he rested
Oh, but I heard it another way
I heard that he got drunk and lonely
Created trouble left out alone
In thirty days he shoots out the full moon
Just to remind us we're on our own
For thirty days past September
And I believe
That he's got the power

A day or two
For lots of mystery
I shall remember
Without a clue
Thirty days
Lots of mystery
I shall remember
For thirty days
Thirty days
Thirty days
Thirty days
Thirty days
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Thirty days
Thirty days
Thirty days
Thirty days
Now all I think about at all
Is thirty days
Thirty days
30 days, 30 days, 30 days
I'm gonna think about it all for 30 days
30 days, 30 days, 30 days
Oh yes, The Harvest, dear friends.
And that, well that was The Rainmakers.
Love that band, The Rainmakers.
And that's how I felt all week.
So, starting yesterday, I went to hell
and decided to finish the hell chapter by Tuesday night.
This Tuesday night, so that I can whack the UFOs chapter
together by Thursday and then the epistles and appendix
and then I'll have three weeks to finish the rewrites and touch-ups
of the other 400 pages that will take them back down to 200 pages.
Ah yes, and actually,
I got my...
most of that hell chapter done since yesterday.
So, guess what you're stuck with, friends?
I'm not gonna read the whole night.
I did manage to find some remarkably apropos bits of tape without even looking too hard.
Thanks, Will, for helping.
But let us read here.
This is, shall be, this perfect time to read this particular material
because a lot of it was originally written for the spoken word, preacher material.
Oh, and has not yet...
been aloftyized, shall we say.
It has not been turned into the written subgenius form whereby you use a thesaurus and add big words and remove apostrophes.
But it is chapter nine,
heaven and hell, the realms of death and the before life,
and hints on living like there's no tomorrow.
This, by the way, folks, is based on extrapolations and direct revelations from the incomplete,
a Dobbs Inferno manuscript translated from the original tongue of the dead,
dictated by the tormented earthbound lower half of the spirit of J. R. Bob Dobbs through trance medium X.
The music, by the way, in the background right now is the great Reverend Dr. Jay Condom on his Zombo Frothland album.
on his Zombo Frothland album.

And, uh, the music to pee by, I can't remember what the exact title of it is,
is in your catalog, okay?
And, of course, every chapter we start off with quotes,
alofty type quotes and apropos things that, that, uh,
and there's always too many of them. I have to cut most of these.
In fact, most of what you'll be, a lot of what you'll be hearing will be changed by the time it comes out in fall 94.
Yes, the fall 94 catalog.
That's right, Virgil, said Dobbs,
loosening his collar.
It is getting rather hot in here.
And as Dr. Kataydin Lagume, the evil Dr. Lagume, said,
the best way to buy your way into heaven using,
the best, no, let me take two.
The best thing to do is buy your way into heaven using somebody else's soul,
and buy your way out using somebody else's soul,
and keep your own in your pocket at all times.
Uh, and as the great Reverend Sheldon DeWare said,
the difference between heaven and hell is which end of the pitchfork you're on.
Yeah, yep, yep.
And, uh, as Bob said in his diary at age 15,
I choose to believe in an afterlife only because it is too horrible to believe that such a cool stud as myself could be allowed to disappear from the universe.
And he also said,
and this line was printing out just when my daughter's guest was looking at the computer.
Bob said,
I walked into hell the minute I stepped out of my ma's, uh, ma, we'll just say ma, I guess.
To hell and back, death, rebirth, and the before life.
It could happen any time, friend, any time.
Just walking in the garden, you could suddenly die.
A branch might crack overhead and fall straight down, tip first,
spear in the top of your head exactly, all the way down into your ribcage,
and destroyin' so much of your brain so suddenly that you'd never know what hit ya.
And you'd think you were still walking down that trail,
and you'd hear a noise and turn and see your friend cryin' over your own impaled body.
And that's when you'd realize that you were a, a ghost.
Or, a meteor could, uh, plunge from space and crush you.
Now! Right now! Right now! Would you be ready?
Would you be ready?
Be ready, my friend, if it happened the instant you finish hearing this sentence.
Oh, but don't worry about the death of the body.
Leaving the meat shell is roughly the equivalent of taking off your shoes.
But you're not supposed to really know that.
Uh, from the grand evolutionary point of view, it would greatly impede the survival of the species
if we all knew we could just jump off a bridge
and suddenly be beautiful, immortal souls free of debt
in a wonderful heaven of telepathy and love and infinite joy.
And yet we've all heard stories from people who were clinically dead
and had these, uh, near-death, out-of-the-body experiences
just before they were resuscitated on a hospital table.
And in most cases, they entered a tunnel of light,
leading to the shades of their deceased loved ones.
And a great light of love at the center of the universe.
A few felt the flames of hell licking at them.
Now, both of these lovely afterlives glimpsed during temporary death are real,
but are designed only for those who are already fated to return to life and report back.
Oh, by the way, this footnote here says that another misleading phenomenon used to prove an afterlife
are the so-called phone calls from the dead and spirit voices at seances.
And the deal is that the dead are allowed to make one telephone call,
and only one, after they've passed through the gates of the hereafter.
But anyway, these, uh, those particular kinds of afterlives
that people come back from the dead having glimpsed,
those are merely a ruse, a red herring, a hallucination,
programmed into our genetic structure to throw us off the scent.
Oh, whoa, don't you know?
A full-tan implanted mental movie projector is triggered at the time of death
to show this racial acid trip,
so that the human race will always be hearing fairly plausible stories
suggesting some sort of god and devil.
But it's strictly for propaganda purposes.
It's not even put there as a kindness.
It's as a rollercoaster ride, as a reward,
after all the tedious rigamarole of living and the usual pain
of dying.
What you find out too late, just as you're nearing that white light,
is that it is really the headlights of an etheric Mack truck
bearing down on you at 90 miles an hour.
And it's the last second before the ultra-dimensional truck hits you
that makes the gods laugh the hardest,
the minute you suddenly realize that you've been tricked
and are about to be killed again.
And that's what happens if you aren't resurrected pretty quick.
Each time that truck smashes you,
you're reborn with amnesia,
again floating towards that bright oncoming light.
And every time you end up remembering what that light really is,
an instant too late.
Why this cruel, elaborate trick on poor, pathetic dead folks?
It's because God isn't trying to create something.
He's trying to recreate nothing.
Even God doesn't know where everything came from,
or how to get rid of it.
Ah, just kidding.
Friends, Bob wouldn't let God do that to you.
In reality, every time you fully die,
you get to go from one universe to another.
Let me find some lovely reincarnation-type music.
There.
Yes, you go from one universe to another.
They start you off, however, in the before life,
which is like eternal life.
You go from one universe to another,
and you're born into a new, original paradise,
to kind of get you off on the right foot.
And then all of a sudden,
you lose your memory and are born of woman
onto this earthly plane.
Then, when you get old and die here,
you pass on to one of the etheric universes next door.
Bob once spoke of driving past the slag heaps
of Midlothian, Texas,
where the conspiracy melts down the fossilized metal skeletons
of old cars to make into new ones,
thence themselves to die and be smelted down again.
He said that this is exactly how we experience,
endlessly experience,
the eternal conveyor belt of karma,
the great wheelbarrow of humiliation
that we call existence.
As Bob said in,
Transmission 47,
in my father's midway are many bumper car rides.
And the before life for subgeniuses
is like a huge carnival.
You'll end up on many rides for fleeting eternities.
One may be the roller coaster of alternating fear and joy.
The next might be the tunnel of love.
Hell is the ultimate spook house.
Indeed,
there are so many multiple death realities
that there's even one where you're really dead
and nothing happens and you don't exist.
But most people think of life and death
as only two states of being.
The only two states of being.
Actually,
they are very small straws in a very large haystack.
This haystack of death lives isn't an infinite one, though.
There is a judgment day or splice in time.
That serves as both the beginning and end
of a big repeating loop of all cause and effect.
And beyond all these lives and alternate universes,
the whole of creation is actually a vast pipe
balanced on the back of a huge cosmic horned toad.
And beneath that,
an all-encompassing fiddler crab.
Nothing itself does not exist after that.
But there's enough afterlives, however,
that you'll get the afterlife that you really want.
And that's why so many preachers
can't quit talking about hell.
They try to get you all mixed up between heaven and hell.
The record reveals that many times
the enemy of your soul has sorely tempted you, my child,
given you every opportunity to quit,
had you desired to do so.
But because you have been faithful in prayer,
faithful in the reading of the word,
and because you have not forsaken the house of God,
you have overcome the tempter
and gained the crown of eternal life.
For this I say,
well done, thou good and faithful servant.
Enter thou into the joys of thy Lord.
Praise God. I made it. I finally made it.
Did you hear? I finally made it. Glory to God.
Oh, I thank you, Lord, for thy mercy.
I thank you, Lord. Blessed be thy name.
Oh, I love you, Jesus. I thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah. Glory to God.
I made it. I made it.
Hallelujah. Praise God. Thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah.
The backslider will be there in that judgment.
Though Christianity for centuries has operated on the thought
that men could walk in and out with God,
that they could turn back to the world and back to their sins,
then come back to God without any loss,
has led many to speculate in the most frightening way,
but the Bible said,
if the righteous man turn from his righteousness,
then all of his righteousness shall be forgotten.
Yes, sir. The backslider will be there in the judgment.
Call the next defendant.
Dana Dean to the bar.
Dana Dean, the record shows that in the year of your Lord, 1959,
you received the glorious experience of salvation.
Almighty God, King of kings and Lord of lords,
indeed, it was a glorious experience.
The record goes on to reveal that for many years,
you were a faithful servant, performing your duties well.
Because of your faithfulness in witnessing,
many were brought into the glorious light of the gospel,
and many souls were added to the kingdom.
Because of your giving,
my preachers were able to circle the globe
with the message of salvation.
Sir, I gave back only part of that which was given unto me.
Were the records to stop here, my son,
it would indeed be a wonderful story.
But these faithful records are very careful to point out
the darkest day in your life.
It is stated here that in the year of your Lord, 1973,
you turned your back upon your God
and once more began to walk in your own way.
But, sir, I've come back.
I've come back, sir.
I'm closer now than I've ever been before.
I've come back, sir. My God, I've come back.
Yes, the record shows that in the fourth watch of your life,
you returned to the fold.
What an awful price you must pay for your foolishness.
Because you turned back, you have lost your reward.
You shall enter heaven as a servant
without a single soul to your credit.
It's unfair. It's so unfair.
I've worked so hard for the kingdom all these years.
It's unfair that I should lose all my credits now.
You knew all of this before you backslid.
Show him his record.
January 3, 1973.
But when the righteous turneth away from his righteousness
and commiteth iniquity
and doeth according to all the abominations
that the wicked man doeth, shall he live?
All his righteousness that he hath done shall not be mentioned.
In his trespass that he hath trespassed
and in his sin that he hath sinned, in them shall he die.
This simply means that if you backslide
and turn away from God,
all the rewards that you've accumulated shall be lost.
I just don't understand how this could happen to me.
August 21, 1973.
You mean you aren't going to church again today?
Babe, you don't bother me.
You know this is my only day off.
I don't have to live in church to be saved.
Dana, if you aren't careful, you're going to miss out
with the Lord's
is an awful price to pay.
Oh.
Oh, my, what a fool.
Oh.
To think that I could turn my back on God
and make it on my own.
My God, what a fool I've been.
How foolish can a person be?
Sir, I hope you haven't been the fool I've been.
Good question.
My God, what a fool.
What a fool.
Yes, friends, the subgenius shall be at the judgment.
Yes, yes, yes.
You know, it's sad.
You know, by the way, so far we've just been talking about
the Christian hell and heaven.
We're going to be on that for a while.
But you graduate to the subgenius hell
and then to the subgenius heaven.
We ain't written that part yet.
But, you know, we're told by people that are sometimes in tears.
This happens when I'm talking about Bob on somebody else's talk show.
Their voices will be cracking with emotion
and they'll be saying,
you're going to go to hell if you keep up this subgenius church business.
And it's because they've been shaken up pretty bad,
possibly for the first time,
by we who dare to laugh at the great, bearded, all judging,
all non-forgiving, unlaughable.
The great unlaughable, my friends.
And the Christian hell,
does exist.
And it is the lowest rung of the ladder of the four lives.
They aren't lying about that.
What they don't tell you is that only Christians go there.
It's a rare subgenius that ends up in the Christian hell.
The hell law, the hell law, my friends,
states that hell is reserved for those who believe in it.
And the lowest level is for those who think that if they don't believe in it,
they'll go there.
Hell is God's revenge on those who insulted his intelligence.
Those vain and stupid enough to think God is as simple-minded and vengeful as they are.
God built hell only for Christians, Muslims, and others who believe in a devil.
The devil's only job, actually, is to pester them,
to milk out everything.
To make them believe in every drop of human faith and credence.
Satan, or Ahriman, or whatever,
is a very minor deity compared to Jehovah One,
and has been bested in sexual prowess,
if not in supernatural powers or demonic dominion,
by none less than Bob himself.
To any subgenius dumb enough to take him seriously,
the devil is at worst a figure of negative slack.
Satan does run hell, and it's a very busy place these days.
But as far as affecting earthly life,
Satan's responsibilities cover only Middle Eastern-based religions.
Jehovah One assigned the devil to create something that would really be hell on earth.
So he came up with the idea of Christianity,
which he then followed up with Islam.
Jehovah One said to Satan,
we'll just let your hell on earth run randomly
so the dupes will suffer and generate more pain for each other.
In the end, it won't matter whether they were good or bad in life,
we'll just divvy up the souls 50-50.
How's that?
Friends, you might say that Christians are to blame for Satanism.
If it weren't for Christians telling each other there's a devil,
nobody would believe in him.
And besides, for every satanic ritualistic killing,
a hundred babies are killed spur of the month.
And there's a moment by fanatic Christian nut parents
who thought the kid was crying because it was possessed by Satan.
The only reason anybody serves Satan is because some Christian told them
there was a Satan there to serve.
How about that?
However, there are eight circles in the Christian hell.
Dante's Inferno, however, is a hopelessly outdated work.
Hell is constantly being upgraded in pain configurations
to compensate for the ever-degenerating quality of life here on earth.
The types of sins required to damn a Christian to these varying levels of torment
are, however, surprisingly minor.
Here are some examples in ascending order of guiltiness and punishment.
The first level, the easiest level of hell, is for instance,
for people who said damn or ga.
The second level is for those who might have felt lust
in their hearts at one time.
The third level is for people who, for instance, forgot to say sir or ma'am.
Level four is for people who can't quote me John 6, 14
and don't know what brand Jesus Christ smoked.
Level number five is for people who opened their eyes during prayers in church.
And level six is for that guy that ripped you off.
Level seven is for murderers and rapists.
And level eight is reserved for members of, well, not members,
for subgeniuses who neglected to spend that $30 membership.
If you are still going down and not liberated,
I think I am.
meditate as follows.
Okay.
The sexual activities,
I like that.
the manipulation of machinery,
the mocking laughter, dashing sounds, and terrifying apparitions.
Indeed, all phenomena are in their nature illusions.
They look real to me.
However they may appear.
You mean like a dream?
In truth, they are unreal and fake.
They won't stay?
They are like dreams and apparitions, non-permanent, non-fixed.
They'll go away?
What advantage is there in being attached to them?
Well, I'm scared.
Or being afraid of them?
I don't know.
All these hallucinations of the mind.
I like hallucinations.
The mind itself does not exist.
Oh, no.
Therefore, why should they?
Well, they look real.
Only through taking these illusions for real will you wander around in this confused existence.
What are they?
All these are like dreams.
Yeah?
Like echoes.
Echoes, echoes, echoes.
Like cities of clouds.
Wow.
Like mirages.
Hmm.
Like mirrored forms.
What the?
Like phantasmagoria.
Is that what that is?
The moon seen in water.
What should I do?
Not real even for a moment.
Yeah?
By holding one pointedly to that train of thought.
Okay.
The belief that they are real are dissipated.
All right.
And liberation is attained.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Fourth method.
Meditation on the void.
All substances are part of my own consciousness.
What?
This consciousness is vacuous, unborn, and unceasing.
What was that?
All substances are part of my own consciousness.
This consciousness is vacuous, unborn, and unceasing.
Hey, I think I heard this.
All substances are part of my own consciousness.
This consciousness is vacuous, unborn, and unceasing.
Hey, I did hear this.
Thus meditating, allow the mind to rest in the uncreated state.
Like the pouring of water into water.
Oh, I got a tingle.
The mind should be allowed its own easy mental posture.
Well?
In its natural unmodified condition.
Yeah?
Clear and vibrant.
Well, what should I do?
By maintaining this relaxed, uncreated state of mind.
Yeah?
Rebirth into routine game reality is sure to be prevented.
Okay.
Meditate on this until you are certainly free.
I want to be free.
I got it.
Oh, I should be governor after all.
Please mówi
Uh, my name is
crítico car Death upon death.


Three-channel TV
Life will never blink
Oh, I got a tingle

A różnych,ố
This consciousness is the faki
tape-flipping moment, if you know what I mean.
Yes, my friends, there is a particularly insidious section of hell called West Heck.
Philodrummond is an expert on West Heck.
Many lost souls are in Heck without knowing it.
It's a polite hell, a genteel hell.
They don't even tell you you're in Heck.
You could easily be living in Heck on Earth and think it was perfectly normal.
You still have to work a horrible day job,
to spend your whole eternity working a dull, pointless job
that doesn't mean a damn thing except money to pay for slightly less pain.
There's a special section.
There's a section of hell for each earthly profession in which one might fail,
including yours.
The only difference is that this time it's eternal torment.
Then you're not trying to satisfy paying customers, but paid demons.
Only after toiling for a week that lasts 1,000 years
do you earn the right to relax and go out on a date.
But then you're faced with sex in hell.
But then you're faced with sex in hell.

Which is a living nightmare.
Because in hell, you're judged by your looks.
If your looks don't conform to Miss Hell foldout of 1996,
well, you're going to have trouble getting dates.
And in hell, you get old, you age, your skin sags as the years go by,
and you're compelled to wear elaborate hairdos and makeup.
On top of that, the demons make such a big deal out of sex, both pro and con.
Half the time, you're so uptight about doing everything correctly,
you can't get your rocks off.
You go to all that trouble for kind of a halfway climax.
Wouldn't you hate to live in a world like that?
Wouldn't you do anything to get to heaven?
Even kill yourself?
But see, that's the difference.
In hell, you don't know if there's an afterlife, so you don't dare kill yourself.
In heaven, you know for sure that you're already in it, so you don't have to kill yourself.
There is a hell you can retire from,
but there's also one where they tell you you'll retire at age 50,
but you always get killed there, just by the sound of it.

You're gonna die before your 50th birthday,
and end up wading even deeper into the lake of fire.
Oh, you'll find out. You gonna find out, friend.
There ain't no water down there.
Ain't no water down there.
You can't get a drink, and you can't put out that fire.
There's never quite enough church air to breathe.
Oh, you take that church air for granted now.
You may not even know about it, but wait till it's gone, little Bobby.
You can never win. It's like playing against a computer.
It can't lose. It can't lose.
In fact, in one hell, in the tick hell,
you're like a little character in a video game,
forced to eternally machine gun the endless stream of ticks
crawling out at you from behind cactuses in a blistering desert.
And when the ticks die, they excrete a cactus and another tick.
You can kill lots of ticks. Yeah, you can score real high.
You can keep earning lifetimes.
But sooner or later, they're gonna get you.
They creep up on you. They creep up on you, boy.
It's just like here on Earth.
And to top it off, there is reincarnation.
There is reincarnation, friends.
Once you're in hell, oh yeah, you'll have plenty of lives in hell.
Facts about the before of life.
Some genius rebirth. You were, will be there.
It tends to end the scrutiny of the new Gnarni.
It tends to end the scrutiny of the new Gnarni.
The next to last book I'm gonna read to you is




Or, The Subgenius Book of the Living Dead.
Has been underway for the past 12 years.
Church doctors in the Dobstown vaults
have nearly completed their translation of this most holy book
in the Yeti Vita Trilogy.
These self-same doctors
inform us that many passages of this work
are directly attributable to the brave and enlightened Atlanteans.
long time subscribers to the stark fist will recall our last report on this uber sacred
tomb tone about six years ago number 22 volume 17 we published partying after death by dr. Siddhartha
me catharsis as you knew will know subgenius souls or mental essences are volatile brightly
colored and usually very fast when they care to be they go where they want and are hard for others
to control souls of normals however are bland looking pill like beans although in life subs
and norms are almost indistinguishable after death this is a hard mistake to make when a subgenius
dies the Nantes ins firsts from its meat prison its mass the sea careens in a pan galactic journey
lasting but a moment of time until the end of the world's last breath and the last breath of the
moment of our time it usually returns once to make sure it's really dead before moving on to the
before life due to a 10,000 year disinformation campaign by the calm a jaded stereotype of heaven
and hell is being pushed by the false churches in fact there's little difference between the two so
genie often commute between heaven and hell interestingly heaven is hotter than hell the
seven sons which he'd have
and make it many times harder than the molten gaseous temperature thresholds of brimstone
when a subgenius decides to live again he she is not alone each subgenius has a mental life twin
on the media plane this is a revelation of the power of the subgenius subgenius spiritual mastery
is not maintained without struggle the subgenius must be vigilant and must hold his abnormality
gerontology animal
Qui Cornillee

girl
Bear
not go near peace
Fearnham
Los Angeles
Although they may be bland versions of other colors, the pink soul drifts aimlessly.
Although pinkster souls, also known as plugs, do tend to cluster.
The plugs are gathered up by cosmic agents, usually representing Jehovah One, who has the largest franchise in this area.
The plugs are sprinkled into vats.
The vats have an energy source which melts the plug shells, making them bond together.
As new plugs continue to collect above, the norm souls' shapes and colors blend until they resemble a lumpy stew.
Ultimately, the plugs form a clear slurry which drains from the vat.
This plasma can be used to form new souls.
Souls who have a chance to become new segeni.
However, the plasma is also formed during sex.
And the slur plus is often sold as a new segeni.

This slur plus is a spaceship fuel additive.
These hedgemen are known to have been styled as such a vat by agents for their master.
The vats themselves are said to be relics left by the elder gods, forged for unguessed motives.
Thus, normals cannot be said to have led past lives.
It was just normal.
I'm Pastor Buckley.
You can write to me at $1,400,000, Dallas, TX 75214.
You can write at $1,400,000, Dallas, TX 75214.
Give me a dollar and I'll give you a packet of wild stuff.
And my County Law.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hey, once they reach heaven,
then God's suddenly going to allow
his little herd of sheep to run wild?
You get all the joy
of the fundamentalist lifestyle.
Uh-huh.
With no hope of escape,
not even death.
Some heaven.
Little wonder Lucifer
got the hell out of there.
Bob believes in everyone's
God-forbidden right
to choose for themselves
the fate of their almighty soul.
Dobbs is recruiting lost souls
of every creed, the billions that fell between the cracks of good and evil, the neutrals
who just want for once to be left alone in the afterlife.
And friends, there's plenty of quality souls frying in hell just because they didn't want
to follow the goose-stepping guidelines of G-G-God, lashed and tortured forever for no
other reason than that they wanted to be free.
And if freedom's a sin, pray that we're all sinners.
I was praying last night when an angel broke the light, he said, I'm gonna have to put
you on hold for a time.
I said, hold like hell, let me talk to the boss, he said, sorry, super sinner, it's the
boss's day off.
And I realized then.
That the wages of sin was two bucks an hour and a working weekend.
I was ignoring the fee, he was lashed to the cross and cried, help me get this son of a
bitch off.
I said I would if I could, I can't so I won't, well I wouldn't want you messing your hair
up so don't.
And I realized then.
That the wages of sin.
Was all the lumber.
You can carry.
All the nails you can bend.
The wages of sin.
The reward of fear.
It's worry and a threat every second of the year.
And heaven is guilt.
No sex and no show.
That I'm not sure if I really wanna go.
You're gonna get what you deserve.
The wages of sin.
The price that you pay.
Is worry and a threat every second of the day.
The church and the state.
You're God.
and country kind
One gets your body
The other gets your mind
Mary, Mary Magdalene
How about a date?
You've been wasting your time
Staying up so late
Your boyfriend's dead
The word is you're a whore
Just about then
I heard a knock on the door
And I realized then
That the wages of sin
Was a bad reputation
And too many friends
The wages of sin
The wages of sin
The wages of sin
The wages of sin
The wages of sin
The wages of sin
The wages of sin
The wages of sin
The wages of sin

uh
,
yes friends.
the Rainmakers once again performed that little piece of music.
And now we must unfortunately discuss,
well, it's one might say the scarier part of all this.
You know, the soul is the one part of us that the conspiracy hungers for the most.
And when you enter Wotan's bloodstream,
you have to deal with his antibodies.
Go into the spirit and you must deal with spirits.
And with the cannibalism of souls.
Some spirits, called theocrats, vampirize off other spirits
and so live, quote unquote, live forever at the expense of their victims.
They obtain these victims by posing as the spirits.
They are then seen as gods and persuading the religious believers
to come to them voluntarily after death,
thinking that they are entering eternal bliss in heaven.
And by the way, this is all from a book called War in Heaven by Kyle Griffith.
And he continues to say, quote,
Many notorious tyrants, conquerors, evil religious leaders,
black magicians and criminals have become theocrats after death,
but so have some saints or benign geniuses.
Power corrupts, and the prospect of achieving immortality corrupts even more.
Many people with highly developed souls whose earthly lives were lived quite ethically
chose to become theocrats after death.
This has been especially true for people who were religiously devout,
then found out the horrible truth about their gods after death.
The theocrats enslave other spirits and provide psychic energy,
just as slaves or employees on earth provide physical labor.
The daily activities of a fundamentalist theocratic band organized in heaven
are similar to a church service as such sects hold them on earth,
except that they go on perpetually.
The theocrat in charge poses as the Lord God Jehovah,
the subordinate theocrats pose as Christ, various angels and apostles and so forth.
God quotes the same biblical passages and preaches the same sermons
as preachers in the same sect do on earth,
and the congregation joins in singing the same hymns.
The theocratic leaders then channel this collective psychic energy.
For instance, there are dead Christians who think they're in heaven,
sitting around the throne of Jehovah eternally singing his praises,
when they're really just his slaves, and possibly his dinner as well.
Now you understand the real significance of Holy Communion.
Ah, yeah.
The you.
A perfect sean it's N your Savior certainly.
I meant also forgive.
An idol.
How wonderful.

Jimmy and Shirmius.

the history of yourявor taking,
and that you're going to exact your life for a chance to vow anyway,
how beautiful is that?
now? No, child. It is too late. But you wouldn't send a person to hell who never had a chance,
would you? But you had an opportunity when you were seven years old. June 2nd, 1968.
June 2nd, 1968. Willie, you're too young. Willie, you're older. You have plenty of time.
But you saw how my parents wouldn't let me go. It's their fault that I'm lost. It's their fault.
Why wouldn't you let me go? There were other times that I have dealt with you,
but you would have none of it.
When was it that you dealt with me?
December 18th, 1974. Betty, for as long as I've known Christ, I've tried to make him real to you.
When are you going to accept him and be saved? I don't know, Cindy. I don't want to hurt your
feelings, but religion just isn't my thing. There's plenty of time. I'm just not interested
right now.
Betty, one of these days you're going to stand before God, and you'll wish a thousand times you'd
taken the chance to accept him. But it'll be too late.
No, child. You are lost and there is no place found for you except the lake of fire,
prepared for the devil and his angels. Take her away.
No. No. No, I'm too young. I don't want to go. Mama! Daddy!
He hung me.
Evil.
The beat. The beat. The beat.
The evil.
The beat. The beat. The beat.
The beat. The beat. The evil.
The beat. The beat. The beat.
Why I believe that is because I know...
Subgenius hell. It's a cold, cold kind of hell.
Oh, cold.
Oh, I wish I could light this here pipe. They gave me all the frappy in the world.
And it's too cold to light this pipe. Oh, Bob, where are you now? Why did you leave me in the hands of me?
However, Bob will offer you eternal salvation or triple your money back.
Subgenius hell.
Subgenius hell.
Subgenius hell.
Tell me and let me see that post
quiet chicken.
You, a dog from cold cool is Timville.
There's nothing to see here, baby.
I'll just come up.







Cold.
Easy.
Hello, yours.
Well, you're looking at a pretty damn long eternity.
Oh, by the way, here's that triple your money back.
It's, what, $60?
One for you, Smith, one for you, Jones.
And don't let this deter you from doing business with us again.
Yeah.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to, got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.

Stay tuned and praise Bob.
Well, then, Dennis locked me in this little box.
I can't feel anything. I can't see anything.
It's totally black. I have no sensation in my hands.
I don't know if I'm moving or what.
I'm just in this little box.
I'm just in this little box.
He said I could talk to you.
He said you'd know what to do if you wanted to help me.
Oh, good, happy being, Wellman.
I promise I'll pay you all the royalties that I didn't tell you about.
And whatever you want. I mean, anything.
Tevas, you can have Tevas.
Just get me out of this box, Wellman.
Please, no, no.
Don't believe what Paul told you.
It's all a lie. It's all a lie.
Whatever I did, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I let you out of the box, Wellman.
I can't see. This is a bad show, Wellman.
This is a real bad show.
She says she'd almost rather see me in Tevas than in nothing at all.
Bright, perky, almost psychedelic.
The Tevas line of fine men's undergarments.
Underwear you'll never change.
Sweet talk me all you want, but you'll never get me out of my Tevas.
I'm sorry, Wellman.
Come on back,
and all of you will suffer your fate for that matter.

Walter Puig guarantee that North Antl Воr그оr the
general ls responsible for the murder that took place in this cattle house,
atincely.
Young man said this was before he died,
that he was scared to talk business with you,
and take care of you.
precio attempt.
Suicide Titan,
If you talk to the every teenager of today
If you talk to the every teenager of today and you ask them what it is
If you talk to the every teenager of today and you ask them what it is
If you talk to the every teenager of today and you ask them what it is
about rock n roll music that they like
If you talk to the average teenager of today and you ask them what it is about rock and
roll music that they like, the first thing they'll say is the beat, the beat, the beat.
Why I believe that is because I know how it feels when you sing it.
I know what it does to you.
The evil feeling that you feel when you sing it.
Why I believe that is because I know how it feels.
The evil feeling that you feel when you sing it.
I know the loss that you can get from the beat.
Well, if you talk to the average teenager of today and you ask them what it is about
rock and roll music that they like, the evil feeling that you feel when you sing it.
If you talk to the average teenager of today.
If you talk to the average teenager of today.
The beat, the beat.
