Yeah, let's have a party!
Party it down!
Thanks, Robert.
And up to it.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
It was horrible.
The horror.
The horror.
Oh, dear friends.
I'm sorry I have to come on the radio without shaving.
But you'd forgive me if you knew,
if you knew what I'd just been through.
You can hear by the way my voice sounds, can't you?
You few regular listeners and all five or six of you.
It was intense.
It was intense!
I just got off the plane and I've got a story to tell.
Say it out loud, �
Listen up!
Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think.
Bob?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
We will control the horizontal.
We will control the vertical.
For the next hour, sit quietly and we will control all that you see and hear.
We are conscious.
Bob is a rock.
And Bob is a tree.
Bob is a bear.
And Bob is a bee.
Bob is truth.
And Bob is lies.
Bob is cakes.
And fruits.
And pies.
Bob's my hassle.
Bob's my wash.
Bob's my sandwich.
Bob's my crotch.
Bob's my toothpick.
Bob's my brain.
Bob's that ugly yellow stain.
Bob's a cactus.
Bob's an itch.
Bob is take off every stitch.
Bob's my master.
Bob's my slave.
Bob will rob me.
Bob will save.
Bob's my toaster.
Bob's my fridge.
Bob's my little sister Mitch.
Bob will cost you.
Bob is free.
Bob's the watch.
And Bob's the key.
In short, Bob's is the man.
Who used your leg as a frame.
Bob had a head.
If your mind is a jar, you can pour down a sink.
And the subgenius church is the missing link.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
Copyright 1986 by the Subgenius Foundation and the participants.
And now you are ready for the final 200,000 mile voyage to the moon.
We subjected it to careful editing to eliminate elements which we might consider in questionable taste.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Subgenius Hour of Slack.
Welcome potential initiates.
And remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Ah yes, good friends.
Look out, stop that radio station before it hits that list.
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack.
The stuff you want to listen to, is specially designed, only to be played, on radio station...
K-N-O-N.
And only in the city of...
Dallas, Texas.
Yea, but you've heard all that before, so much.
Ah, let's get some of that Darth Vader jazz going.
Oh, friends.
Yeah, let's have a party.
Party time.
Let's get down.
Oh, no, like I said, I'm sorry to come on without shaving, but man, I mean, this has been the most intense week for the subgenius church of hierarchites anyway, in general.
As you can tell by the way I personally, Reverend Ivan Stank, sound, because, you know, I was just too busy having a good time, a better time than I have in Dallas.
You know, I've got some ranting to do tonight, and we don't have a whole lot of tape yet from the Boston revival, which I just got in for from, honest to God, dear friends, I just got in about an hour and a half ago from the airport, just came in from Boston.
Yes, we did a mighty, tremendous, horrifying revival in Boston, Massachusetts.
Oh.
Oh.
And I don't have a whole lot of tape from it yet.
I have some, and I'll have to judge how listenable it is once we stick some on here.
But it's so great, you're just going to have to decipher some of it.
That's all there is to it.
The audience participation tonight is going to be really intense, except that you're not participating, even though you're part of the audience.
Your participation is going to be in the deciphering of this self-same mighty, mighty, oh, what can I, words escape me, dear friends, they really do.
I've got a tale of terror, a tale of horror and woe, and on top of that, wonder, a tale of wonder to tell.
That's mainly what this show's going to be.
I'm going to tell you the tale.
I'm going to tell you the tale of the Boston Devival, as I told it.
And as I tell it, I hope it makes you Dallas wimp, wimp subgeniuses.
You generally halfway subgeniuses, and in fact, most of you, halfway bobbies even, feel shamed, shamed and put down compared to the ovaries and testicular glory displayed by the Boston Yankees.









That's right.
You've been put down, friends.
You've been put down so bad by what Boston can put out in terms of subgenius revivals, subgenius hell.
Oh, oh, it was the horror, the horror.
It's true.
For one thing, we had a devival where everybody wasn't white skinned.
What an amazing thing.
Actually, whenever we go to the East Coast, it's that way.
Oh, we'll get into that later.
Well, there was, there were, you know, when we do a show here in Dallas, we get one or two Hispanics and no blacks at all.
I don't blame them.
I really don't.
Do they want to hang out with a bunch of wimps like the likes of you, Dallas?
I mean, I'm, I'm disgusted by seeing the comparison between what, what, what we have to do.
What we have to put up with the disgusting, low, low level of faith that we have to put up with here in Dallas compared to, I mean, can you believe?
I want to, I'm challenging you, you Texas subgeniuses.
I'm proud to be a Texan.
I really am.
I'm proud to be a Dallasite.
But I would sure like to see y'all top what I have experienced in the last week.
Week.
Oh.
Oh.
Well, about since I left the last radio show.
After the last show, I went home and started packing.
And I packed until I left on the plane for Boston.
And when I got to Boston, the Reverend Cleve Duncan picked me up at the airport and took me to the home of Dr. Cruel.
And, of course, you all don't, you're not cool enough to know that that's the home of the fabulous Billy Goons.
Oh, no, you don't care.
No, baby.
Yeah, but it was, uh, and at that point, I began to get distorted.
More distorted than you could ever believe.
I went out, having a good old time in Boston with Cleve Duncan, the mighty Cleve.
Met some of the swinging erudites whose tapes I've played so many times.
And came back to Cleve's house and spread evil fluids all over his couch.
And the, and the, the...
The expensive carpet belonging to these selfsame Billy Goons.
And I showed them what happens when a Dallas subgenius comes to town to Boston.
Oh, but you, but, uh...
Oh, shoot.
Forget it. Just forget it. You don't care.
You're just a bunch of, a bunch of bobbies.
Bobbies everywhere.
Doctors for Bob played in Boston.
They did indeed.
And this is what they played.
They, you won't let them.
You won't let them play in Dallas, will ya?
You won't get, get it together to put together a show, a might, nothing like what they put together in other towns.
Nay.
But this is what Doctors for Bob did.
Now before we proceed with our, quote,
Schizofreniatric,
Scalagraphic,
Metagalactic,
Cry-Primality Induction Seminar,
this evening,
I would just like to take this opportunity
to state briefly
and for the record
that my fellow
Doctors for Bob and Matthew
are members
in good standing.
In, of a church.
But not just any church,
or the church to which we belong,
just happens to be,
beyond a shadow of a doubt,
the world's only bogus true religion.
Of course, I am referring to
The Church of the Subgenius.
This one's dedicated to Reverend Cleve Duncan.
Now the church of the sub-genius.
As founded by.
They all bobbed off.
Said it's hell's master of slack.
1953 is the prime religion of the future.
United.
Superior mutants.
Social renegades.
Twisted geniuses.
And sci-fi sinners.
In a worldwide rampage.
Of immorality.
And profane.
Yucks and grins.
Yucks and grins which will hopefully.
Inevitably.
Lead us directly to a commodity all too late.
Today's modern Jedi.
Jagogo society.
Not commodity free.
And the reason why.
Is slack.
Slack is what the conspiracy takes away from us.
Slack is what the conspiracy deprives us of.
Slack is our way.
Grabbing life.
By the lapel.
Fuck.
I can't say that.
Now back in the 50's.
Bob himself noticed.
A decided lack.
Of slack.
In our society.







In our culture.
He noticed.
An awful prevalence of normalcy.
He noticed.
That the normals.
Formed a vast conspiracy.
Against the different.
An insidious conspiracy.
Dedicated to squelching.
Our natural rogue instinct.
Dedicated to wiping out.
Our own factory.
Dedicated and short.
To the total.
And utter.
Eradication.
The original slack with which we were all born.
Won't Bob want to fight this conspiracy ladies and gentlemen?
What better way I ask ye.
The mellow foundation.
Of a major.
New.
World.
Legend.
Catch the church in some genius.
Prince Bob.
Help me somebody.
Bob.
Help me somebody.

Help me somebody.
I, to my soul was born.
Straight batter.
And spirit through foot.
To keep the same terror.
That is the question, Father.

I am so angry.
Where is thatdon?

Too many broken words?


Andodo, how dink ye hearns?
Would I live with dah heavy mutina Genau wie ichunching die slipende.
Fen습니다agit movimento of a man.
He can't be eine Sabine Sol condiciones zu veralten.
We won three titles on here.
One of an annual Mini Durzein.
And another of an annual Not Geez Accusat.
But I want to first say.
that I thought they were common.
Their script was kind.

CBS, NBC, the U.S. government, CIA, FBI, Lutheran Church, Missouri City, Alcantara Church, Jewish Affairs League, Council on Foreign Relations, Trilateral Commission.
A little more of co-operative individuals who see to the next level.
Do you see the conspiracies?
The Eliopters, Book of Old Brand, the Men in Black, the Green Energy Demons, the advanced supersonic Nazi hell creatures from the hollow earth,
the henchmen of media, the Yucca Teas, but even they don't have the full story, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm here to tell you tonight that the conspiracy exists as none other than Jehovah One,
alien space god arrived from some corporate sin galaxy, and his star is the removal.
Now, many of you here tonight.
Many of you here tonight, I'm sure, view the Church of the Subgenius as a bit old, demonic.
You're right, it is demonic.
But we are speaking of an infinite demons here, when the Church of the Subgenius does recognize every major deity of every world religion.
Jesus, Buddha, Krishna, Muhammad, Elvis, Mo.
Hank, Arnold, Bach.
Rather than having one central authority, great speaker, the Church of the Subgenius possesses an entire pantheon.
Or subgenium, as it were.
One referred to as Shonduration Personal Savior.
Now, you're sure to understand anything from...
Multistage vibrators.
Sending white noise signals to the very epithelial centers of your brain.
To a multi-level, pyramidal religion.
Guaranteed to empty your pockets and send your soul to heaven.
Hallelujah!
It can be anywhere from...
Hallelujah, dear friends.
Oh, hallelujah, hallelujah.
Oh, you ain't heard nothing yet.
Oh, that's what they do in Boston.
Boston, yeah.
That's the kind of shows we can put on in Boston.
When was the last time you heard a subgenius revival like that in Dallas or Arkansas?
Huh?
Oh, you don't care?
You don't care?
I'll tell you what.
Wednesday night.
Last Wednesday night, I was in...
We did the video show.
The video show.
In Boston.
At the Institute of Contemporary Art.
As opposed to the Dallas video show.
Which we tried to hold in the multi-million dollar Mistral building.
Where the pinks literally were unable to handle the relatively simple VHS 3 quarter inch tape and cassette tape and live mic mix.
Why, for some reason, these foolish Yankees were able to do better than Texans.
How about that?
Not only that, but we sold out.
Sold out to the point where there were 200 people were turned away from the Boston video show.
And it was mighty.
Oh yeah, we can show.
We can show the finished version of Arise.
The subgenius video.
The movie.
Two.
There.
But not in Dallas, no.
You don't care.
There's not one of you out there who can set up a video show like this.

Like these pathetic Yankees can somehow do.
Oh yeah.
We had a butt-reaming show.
And what do we get into?
And not only that, but the Bostonites actually made their own video about how Bob is invading the public schools.
The elementary schools.
In Boston.
Friends, even though in Boston, Massachusetts, the subgeniuses are invited and paid for by state funding to perform at Boston.
Art, major art museums at MIT.
Art colleges, dear friends.
Yet, the Dallas Public Library refuses to carry the book of the subgenius.
Even when two copies are given to them by Buttnaken.
And the audience.
The audiences in Boston.
Here in Dallas, oh, we might get one or two pathetic Bobbies.
Who feel like it's, it's, you know, that we've commanded them to heckle us.
And so they heckle us half-heartedly.
But in Boston, dear friends, you get hecklers so intense with that Boston accent.
That kind of, hey you, hey buddy you, go ahead and love for Bob.
Oh, it was wonderful, friends.
It was wonderful.
The revival, the revival started with Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger as MC.
Wearing his Masonic fez.
Opening the show.
Oh, mighty man.
He ignored the firecrackers thrown from the audience.
The screams from the audience.
And friends, that's what we need.
We need those screams.
We need that hate.
We feed off your hate.
That's why I don't get out and talk to y'all.
Because I'm too busy.
In the words of Jane O'Hara, it concludes, I'm too busy.
I'm too busy hating.
I wish I could hate you as much as I hated them.
Oh, what a wonderful show.
And I'm going to take you into that.
The funniest subgenius, Dr. Sterno Kickhaver of Doctors for Bob from Little Rock, Arkansas.
Of course, there's nobody else from Dallas besides me and Buck that can dare to get up and rant and scream in the face of a hostile and yet loving audience.
Because, you know, the two are one.
Oh, listen to that.
Slick music from Mishima.
Cool.
I'm going to take you into that revival, that revival right now.
Actually, we're going to get just a little bit of pre-revival tape as Sterno presents us with the new version of the brag of the subgenius.
And then we will go directly into that revival.
Subgenius.
World.
One.
Two.
One, two, three.
Subgenius.
Tonight, we are going to subject you people to the most unspeakable horrors.
And to the greatest, to the greatest spiritual uplifting experience and praise of Bob Dobbs.
And his name, a name you all know, his name you all know, is Pope Sterno Kickhaver.
And Sterno's the first one.
Evening, children.
I am Reverend Sterno Dobbs, the Pope of all Arkansas.
And I pick the terror of the God out of my nose.
Pardon my language, but yay!
Let the sons of God and man bear witness.
I torched the devil to prove my fitness.
I'm armed and loaded.
I'm a fission reactor.
I don't consider mortality to be a factor.
I proved the anti-virgins weren't so posh when I gave her a high-protein tonsil wash.
I have that evil eye.
I carry mojo bags.
I tire out chains as much as I can.
I'm a fissure-pumped rock jack.
I sign a retarded space bastard across the conmode.
When I drop my drawers, even Mother Nature follows.
I eat black holes for breakfast.
I steer my own evolution.
I think backwards, Bubba.
That's my solution.
So step aside, all you buttless pigs.
I'm a crime-fighting master criminal, Fuggy Jigs.
I'll freeze your seed before it hits the bed.
I have a triple backbone.
I eat my dead.
I swam to the Lunar Triangle and didn't get wet.
I fart plutonium.
I drink my sweat.
I achieved nirvana and took it home with me.
And I'm here to tell you, it ain't worth a peed.
I've been crowbarred with my meat ass.
I leave the plague for my nether part, and that's a fact.
I'm the big-footed devil of level 17.
I communicate without wires or strings.
I cram coca leaves right into my arm veins.
I'm a screamer.
I'm a laugher.
I've got six brains.
I'm insured for acts of God and Satan.
I believe my lizard and keep time awake.
I'm fuel injected.
I'll live forever.
I ran out of heaven with that.
I'm a needy limber.
They call me 666.
And that's just fine.
But I'm here to tell you tonight, children, that my slack factor is 999.
Now, try to imagine, dear friends, a situation where you're sitting in an audience.
You've paid $5.
You're not in Texas.
Because in Texas, they don't let this kind of thing happen.
Even compared to Boston, where they supposedly burn books and throw things at subgeniuses.
You still, nevertheless, that's where it happens.
Say you're sitting there, and after Sterno is finished with the new brag, out comes Pope, the most potent of all subgenius preachers, Pope David N. Meyer.
Pope of the great Pacific Northwest and all of New York and all of Idaho.
And delivers his greatest rant yet.
Soon to be played.
But imagine a stage where there's this, aside from the tableau, the giant painting of Jim Jones selling Kool-Aid to thousands of people who are dying all around him.
And the giant 12-foot long pipe lowered down from the ceiling.
On the stage.
Imagine also the Nazi art girls who are put up on pedestals on the side as Pope Meyer preaches.
The Nazi art girls looking, instructed at all times to look bored.
Even when his choir is singing old 60s songs.
These girls flash cards to show you the rules of the church.
Soon to be played.
Imagine after Pope Meyer, who in fact has to be surrounded by bodyguards with guns because of his incredible charisma.
Finally, Reverend Stang, that is myself, comes out.
And after my rant, I'm attacked, literally attacked by groupies.
And am forced to indulge in live sex on stage.
That happened in Boston, friends.
And does it happen in Dallas? No.
No.
Because in Dallas, what do we get? The Twilight Room.
We get maybe a little video show at Bart Weiss, one of the few people with any ability to distinguish subgeniusness from pinkness.
May put on a little show here.
But nay, nay. Nothing like the horror.
The intense horror.
Oh. Oh.
As you can tell, I'm having trouble controlling myself.
It's been a long weekend, dear friends.
Doctors for Bob, Jane or Hyperclete's ranting, D.K. Jones playing live music on stage, the same music I've been playing on this show.
Well, why come we can't do these shows in Dallas?
A. Do you like alternative rock and roll?
Yeah!
Well, in Dallas, Fort Worth is only one station. That's the hottest station on the planet Earth.
Can you win?
Kick it!
That's right, all you night guards.
Cats and kitties, this is the Nightman calling from the big, bad city.
KNO in the station that knows no equal.
The proud voice of the rockin' people is proud to bring you alternative rock and roll.
Seven days of the week.
If you ain't heard it here, it is square.
It is square, dear friends. It is so square.
And I'm gonna take you to, once again, we're gonna go into that revival in Boston.
And I should mention that Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger, the MC of the Boston Show,
just called. I was unable to put him on the air.
But he issues a dare, a dare to you Dallas wimp, pathetic, weasel-faced, slack vampires
that call yourselves subgeniuses to merely attempt to set up the kind of show that they did in Boston.
And here's a little bit of that very selfsame show.
Dr.
The Reverend Dr. Pope, Mr. M.D. David N. Meyer ascends the stage to preach.
Surrounded by beautiful dancing groups.
Thank you children, thank you children.
First of all, thank you for your patience, thank you for your money, thank you for being here this evening.
I know you've had a long time to come here tonight.
I know you've been sitting out there for a long, a whole lot of music listening.
I know you've been sitting out there for a very long time.
And you know, sometimes subgenius shows are very rough and hysterical.
But we should remember that all of us together are brothers in this great church.
And that's why I want each and every one of you to turn to the person on your right and say to them,
Howdy neighbor!
Howdy neighbor!
And now I want you to turn to the person on your left and I want you to say to them,
Howdy neighbor!
Howdy neighbor!
Howdy neighbor!
And Pope Meyer descends into the audience to shake hands with each person saying howdy neighbor
even though he has bodyguards frisking each person before he actually shakes them.
Now that we've all said howdy neighbor in Oregon, please,
Now that we've all said howdy neighbor, we're in a subgenius sort of mood here.
You know, a lot of people, they say to me, David!
David, say to me, Bob David!
Why do you have these two bodyguards?
Why do you come to a city as peaceful and cultured as L.C.
You've got here to behold?
Why, why, why?
You have these bodyguards?
Why?
You told them there's a very good wine for that.
And you who were a club spin three years ago should remember that when the church was up...
Now, dear friends, just listen.
Listen to that audience in that devial.
And we're going to continue with a different section of the devial after we get past the X-rated portion.
I mean, do we get Dallas audiences simultaneously loving and hating Bob to the extent that they throw firecrackers, cherry bombs, smoke bombs in pure avalanche?
Is that a consideration of the preachers of Bob?
Nay.
In fact, we don't even get the preachers of Bob in Dallas, except maybe old Charlie at the Twilight Room, which is long gone, might bring us on to their little tiny stage.
Old K-N-O-N might allow an hour of slack.
A few nice old Republican radio hosts or a black lady on the K-E-R-A might invite us on.
But K-Z-E-W?
Oh, they make fun of us.
The library, even when given books, turns them down, even if Ken Kesey calls it the best thing he's read in ten years.
Well, I'm sorry.
That's just the way this city seems to be.
Once again, I must say, sour grapes?
I think it's highly deserved.

world's beaten in their head.
But do you know why I preach truth?
Do you know why I preach the word of God?
Because it makes me feel cool.
Yes, darling.
Once a year, I can run a hundred word of God because it makes me feel cool.
And feeling cool is the essence of subgenius noob.
Subgenius is no longer your cool.
And if something else is the truth subgenius knows, Joe, when we talk about conspiracy,
I know that you're all cultured, I know you're all literary, I know that you can be
thinking incentives, but there's one thing you should know.
That conspiracy is no metaphor.
It's the truth.



Second days ofёлion.
We wantuary 되는 meal an hour per day.
Third days, hour per day ever.
And so does verification.
But very importantly, where all this win-win is going to go, let it look easy and let it
go.
A new world sal amis.
Zerminalist.
My life's ultimate j 해� sheepish showy, every week.

Who?
God!
Who?
God!
Who?
God!
Who?

Who?

Who?
God!
Who?
So if you want to be true to subgenius,
of course you have to follow the rules of the church more than others.
Now the first rule of the church of subgenius,
I think you know very well.
The first rule of the church of subgenius is...
God rules!
That subgenius must...
Have...
A...
World!
A... World!
A... World!
A... World!
A... World!
A... World!
A... World!
A... World!
A... World!
A... World!
King...
Or she...
King of Norway!
Have...
A... World!
Now the second rule of the church of subgenius,
you know from my video on the rules,
could be called into some question.
But it plays very well.
The second rule of the church of subgenius is...
Too much is always better than none!
Yeah!
Again, too much!
Too much!
Too much!

Too much!
It's always better than none!
That's right!
That's right!
That's right!
Well you know,
the third rule of the church of subgenius,
to rule when it's violated so often,
it's hard to redeem its rule.
I mean the 10 commandments are violated often.
Does that diminish their validity in any way?
Say no?
No!
It didn't happen.
So, when this rule is violated on a daily basis,
does that diminish its validity in any way?
No!
No!
No!
Now, the third rule that you're taught in subgenius is...
Try to be funny!
If you don't have a sense of humor,
don't try to be funny.
No!
I told you all about the video you could do in your day,
but now you're really fine, baby.
Can I have a life?
Can you please?
I guess no.
Alright.
Now, the next rule of the church of subgenius is...
No!
No!
No!
You will pay...
No!
Absolutely not, Tony!
I need to know what you really think.
When you read that spin magazine to find out about those critical independent singles,
did you get that spin magazine?
Really say no!
Absolutely not!
But children, when you give your life to the church of the subgenius,
when you tithe to Bob, that is just Bob,
when you open your mind and your heart and your temple to Bob,
truly you will pay to know what you really think.
But for once, you'll get value.
For your daughter.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
That is the way you do a subgenius diva.
I'm not a rabble rouser, but I'm not above that.
I am after all.
No.
I can't play the next rule because it's X-rated.
It's the most rabble-rousing rule of the church of the subgenius,
and it has to do with what happens to you if you can't take a joke.
And I think most of you can figure that out.
After Pope Meyer...
What happened?
How come we can't have Pope Meyer here in Dallas, Texas?
Why is there no arts...
I mean, this was funded by the state of Massachusetts, dear friends.
How come we can't rook the state of Texas into doing it?
Why?
Because we're local.
That's why.
Because anybody who's in the same state as the person writing the funding checks
couldn't possibly be very good because he's in the same state.
It's sickening, dear friends.
It is indeed a sickening situation for the state of the arts.
Pope Meyer was followed by myself, who I don't have tape of yet,
and you've heard it all before anyway, and D.K. Jones.
But then there was Doctors for Bob.
And they shocked the living gee out of me.
Listen to my tale, dear friends.
I'm not a sissy.
But why?
Why do you call me mad?
Could a madman have written songs such as these?
I think not.
I'm not mad.
I'm merely an ordinary person seeking life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
My pursuit of happiness includes machine gunning 127 innocent children.
If that's mad, go ahead, lock me up.
Just because I enjoy washing my face in the blood of infants, that's because I'm mad.














Is there any reason to lock me up?
I think not.
I've even got a piece of paper that says my mind is still okay.
Hell, I bet that guy down at the employment agency who wouldn't give me a job just because
I'd been locked up one time, that he ain't got a piece of paper that says his mind is
still okay.
Hell, I tried to tell them it was not me.
It was the green energy demons, but they merely laughed at me.
But now those green energy demons are ruling, but they're not going to let me go.



I'm glad that they're not laughing right so hard now, are they?
But that wasn't nearly as bad as that time they shocked the living gee out of me.
Oh, yes, dear friend.
And you've heard the Shock the Living Gee Out of Me song so many times.
I won't play the rest of it here.
It wasn't the best.
That's not the best recording in the world, but that was live.
That's what we get in other states that seem to have more respect for the word of God.

Yeah, exactly, Bob.
Following Doctors for Bob, of course, we had the traditional Kool Aid, pills and tapes
dispensation where at the mighty Boston ministers and myself and Jaynor Hyperglitz walked out
and dispensed the Kool Aid during the Night of Slack there in Bostontown.
Dispensed the pills of Bob.
Bob Taylor Haynesa, zine dub frames page two, and then Jack creepy guy from a great
show B칠 Ch meteorite at the Boston Times show.

of pills, of which you've heard so many times, is actually not, these aren't the kind of cheap
conspiracy street drugs you're thinking of. Generally, these are pills which contain nothing
more than that which is inside Bob's head. In other words, they contain your faith. If you have faith
in Bob, you get off. If you don't have faith, well, then it's a waste of your money. That five dollars
you spent for that revival is worth nothing. When that giant 12-foot pipe lowered down from the ceiling
and Pagan Kennedy, the, what, I'm in love, man. Pagan Kennedy, this young lady from Boston who came out
and preached on the word of Connie, Bob's wife, to an audience which by that time had become rowdy
beyond anything I've ever seen in Texas.
San Francisco, Philadelphia, Canada, or any other place we've preached. I mean, this was a rowdy,
subgenius crowd, friends. These people were drunk, drunk beyond your wildest nightmares. They were
throwing things. They were trying to kill us. Oh, some of the comebacks that, well, let's see, I've got a list
of the comebacks of these hecklers of love and hate. We weren't sure whether these were Christian
hate groups or people, or just subgeniuses.
We were just trying to get the people who had taken to heart our commandment to hate and love Bob.
Sterno, when pelted with rotten fruit, said, yeah, I remember my first beer, too.
Janers come back to the heckling phrase of suck my blank enunciated to the audience.
You're going to have to pay more than five dollars to see that, boy.
And of course, I had to stand up there and tell them, when I was a 13-year-old adolescent,
trying to prove how brave and cool and intelligent I was by throwing things from the
darkness of a huge audience crowd, at least in those days, we threw cherry bombs, hand grenades,
bags of bobby poop, friends. Oh, yes. But what did we get here? What did we get in Dallas?
We don't even get revives.

Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, I have with me the sacred scribe, Reverend Ivan Stang from the Mother Church.
Father Church.
The Father Church.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
There's some Connie.
I sit here to worship Bob.
Why?
And that's.
He'll be with us shortly.
So hold on.
Yeah, I can't.
I can't.
I got you.
But it's not going.
It wasn't going over there.
Now, dear friends, what you're about to hear is a tape proving that you don't just get slightly amateurish DJ action out of K&L.
And this was a station.
And Boston who wanted to do a thing about Bob.
They they they wanted to do a phone in interview from across town with me and and Jan Johnson, the mighty producer of this show.
And you will hear Jan Johnson and I wondering whether we were on the air or not, because the DJ himself did not think we were.
But actually, actually, we were indeed going out over the air with this conversation.
But I I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.

Yeah.
Put your hands on.
Oh, I did.
I put your land on the radio.
But your wallet on the radio.
Put your wallet on the radio and you'll be able to hear the word of Bob coming through.
It's called minister.
Called on.
Probably.
Called.
Called.

Called.
Yep.
Bob called me home.
Said he was going to call me home.
We didn't raise $750 on the last hour of flat pledge.
When we did.
Call.
Fortunately, there was a wire.
We're not on.
I don't know if there's this.
Yeah.
I need to be on my hearing.
Yeah.
Yeah.












I didn't I didn't think.
You know.
Let me tell you the story of J.R.
Bartholomew.
He walked with the gods.
He wore a silly grin and he smoked a suit.
He fought for the people.








A conspiracy every day of his life.
He whips the stench of many a man.
Fathers many children with his mighty glance.
He founded the religion in which we all believe.
Brought us all the slack that everybody needs.
He was the greatest salesman the world had ever seen.
He could sell the parts after he ate all the beans.
He could sell a pilot to a common fly.
All of us who knew him figured he would never die.
Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs.
He was a...
A real man and brave.
Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs.
He's lying dead in his grave.
Without Bob, what are we gonna do?
When the men from Planet X go marching through.
Our whole race is stuck in jail with only Bob to raise the bale.
But now he's...
He's dead.
So we'll do what we do.
He founded the city known as Dobbs Town.
Deep in Malaysia, it was rarely found.
There he studied forbidden science until that fatal day.
When he came up to his block in the city by the bay.
Few had ever seen him.
Few had ever dared.
Most had no occasion.
Others just plain scared.
So hundreds came to San Francisco for the event of the eighth.
When the Holy Smile of the World would step out on the stage.
Bob looked to the left.
Then he looked to the right.
Then he strode out with confidence.

confidence into the bright spotlight.
He waved at all the cheering fans as he stepped up to the mic.
When a praise-assassin's bullet sent him to eternal night.
Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs,
proud to their savior had come.
Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs,
was treated by the flash of a gun.
Without Bob, we have plenty to fear
as we swiftly approach that fatal year.
Before in 1998, he would have set the record straight,
but now he's dead, so we're doomed.
So we're here.
This has been the story of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Some call him Messiah, others call him fraud.
I hope that before 98, that the word gets out
that Bob Dobbs was the only guy we could not do without.
I hope so.
Sometimes are upon us and things don't look so good.
Bob Dobbs had the answer but was seldom understood.
When in a heap of trouble our books are in the red.
There is no joy on the football, now that Bob is dead.
So we pray to fight Jesus to do battle for Bob's soul.
Do who's wrong and who's need of more strength?
Who's wrong and who's need of more strength?
Who's fitting our hopes?
We pray to he who needs no name that we might need to slack.
And we pray to God, please send our body back.
Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs.
Our lives are worse without you.
Center.
Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs.
Who, dear, what will we do?
Without Bob we are in a tight fix.
When the exes come to kill us just for kicks.
If Bob were not in his grave all these subgena would be saved.
But he is so our chance is our nix.
And his body is our only hope.
We pray to God to save us from the trouble of death.
Who, dear, what will we do?
Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs.
Who, dear, what will we do?
Without Bob we are in a tight fix.
When the exes come to kill us just for kicks.

Who, dear, what will we do?
When the exes come to kill us just for kicks.
Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs.

Who, dear, what will we do?
Without Bob we are in a tight fix.
When the exes come to kill us just for kicks.
Who, dear, what will we do?
sound the way I do, was produced by Jan Johnson, the editor of Zontar, the magazine from Venus,
which you don't even know. You're so blind. You're so unable to even write for information
to the P.O. box that I'm going to give at the end of this broadcast that you don't even know
about these things. You think that hipness involves buying the records in Sound Warehouse.
Oh, that's fine. Fine. That's hipness, baby. And not just Jan Johnson, but J-Hope, the mighty J-Hope
10, Bleepo Abernathy, Tim Clifford, and of course, Jonathan Delgado, who brought the church air to
the party afterwards. Tapes coming up soon. Michael Whelan, famous. Well, actually, he didn't have
anything to do with it. I'm not even sure.
I'm not sure he was there, but he sure was. He sure told us he was about to be the famous.
And Betsy, Betsy, man. Yeah, Betsy. We all remember in Boston. Oh, you can cuss on radio
stations like this. You can play the Janer device tape uncut. I can't play even two minutes of it
here because you don't care. Because because during the pledge drive,
I was like, oh, what can we get? Seven hundred and fifty bucks. Great. I have to die for seven
hundred and fifty bucks. Queen Tontaleo was there. The queen of the subgenius church. You didn't even
know we had a queen, did you? The fluids that I left on Dr. Cruel's couch. Dr. Cruel of the
fabulous Billy Goons. The guest, the famous guest, the famous subgenius guest we have there, such as
Reverend Onan Canobite, Bob Black and Hakeem Bay.
Evil, evil, anti-authoritarian, famous writers that of no Dallasite has ever heard of because of the blinders on your head.
Like an ostrich eating pizza with his head stuck in the sand, dear friends. Donna Causey
of False Positive magazine. Nancy Regalia of New Orleans came up. Man, that woman,
what a woman. She's got some stories to tell. And she sold about five hundred bucks worth of stuff
for a woman. And she sold about five hundred bucks worth of stuff for a woman. And she sold about
five hundred bucks worth of stuff for a woman. And she sold about five hundred bucks worth of stuff for us. Cat lady of the Good Sex for Mutants League, which you could apply to and achieve that good sex, you mutants, if you would but dare to write to Bob at P.O. Box 140306 here in Dallas, Texas, 75214. Tentatively a convenience. The saint of performance horror of the church was there and in true form in the tradition of the church.
Tentatively a convenience in the church of the subgenius got himself arrested by throwing the beer money, which was in a giant beer mug all over the policemen who were hired to prevent just that very thing from happening. The Severn Institute showed up, Sam and Adrian with the finest fop ever seen. Don Truby with that Swaggart tape you heard last week. The Chainsaw Synthesizer Group was not allowed to be in the church.
play on stage because of the violence that had already happened, the strangely reticent
Chris Gross and David Levitt, a genius disguised as a subgenius.
The subgeniuses in Boston work at the artificial intelligence media labs at MIT.
Where do the subgeniuses in Dallas work?
They can't even get hired.
Friends, KDV, DeVries, I could go on and on.
The amount of hierarchites that managed to ooze up out of the East Coast have put Dallas
in so down, so down.
Reverend Remote Control Mark Johnson from Mind Blaster Magazine, it disgusts me that
you don't know who I'm talking about.
It really does.
It really does.
But you see, then there was the party.
The party after the show.
And see, we don't do these shows, these subgenius revivals because we like to scream at pinks.
We're more like the Masons.
We're not really trying to recruit people.
If somebody wants to join, let them find their way in if they're good enough.
You know what I mean?
The party after the show where some pink boy flipped out.
And I'm not talking about the show.
I'm talking about the party after the show.
Hold on.
I lost track just a minute ago of our party.
I can't remember the Ws with .

Hip hop blues.



And mypamaster.com.
One very funny thing, he took a few seconds off to do a little punkpek beginning and rolled
the only什么he Nichtlik.

He told me to stuff up at it and I slept with zaddle.
He chopped up Oczywiście's Bwee Bwo Iw na squertagne at it.
But he helped make meاWell.
You nothing códigoc 써u wars하면서 k'sue iבדkiii.
triad of
follow me and John Hagan
in Dallas, Doctors for Bob and Little
Rock, Puzzling Evidence and Lies,
etc. in San Francisco,
and just, let's parenthetically
throw in G. Gordon Gordon
in Bolivia. But now
the Boston true mutants
make it a quadrad, except
that Dallas is so pathetic
that I'm dropping Dallas out of the triad.
Forget it. All y'all do is
listen. You sit there. You can't
even pledge enough money to make
this station go.
You know, there's
me and Will Frazier, the Will of
Dobbs, sit here and actually work
allowing you to have enough
morale to listen to butt naked sing.
Pope S. Cecilio may drive
around, but that's it, man. The rest of y'all
you just slack vampires as far
as I'm concerned. Here's a hint
of the party that happens
after a subgenius revival, which
you are too pathetic
to ever, ever
attend.
Which they don't even know about. We're gonna save
the city and they don't know. Right in the middle of the airport.
It was thanks to the
frame that we just went in the bathroom
and ran up
that we stole from you.
This is the second, only the second time I've ever
done frame above 10,000 feet.
The first time being from
Bolivia to Panama.
A few more grams of that sex drugs and rock and roll.
I was gonna maybe shoot some more
up before we got off the plane.
Oh yeah, I've got loads and loads. Although I'm already
kind of burned out. He said,
on that and shooting publicity
like I've been. Yeah.
Yeah, so you're running up a bunch of PR
last night. Yeah.
With them girls. Betsy.
Betsy.
You missed the girls.
PR.
Oh, my heart's stopping.
Thank you, Bob.
Thank you, Bob.
Sometimes I just feel like peeing
slash smiling.
Peeing slash smiling.
We've got to make sure.
You know, it's up to us to make sure
that they don't overdose.
I know it, man.
Grobingly.
Now, Jane, you be careful there.
I wouldn't want a young fellow like you
to hurt himself.
Well, Dean,
would you like to just do all my church air
for me?
Why? How thoughtful of you.
Jane,
I don't know where I'd be without
the elders of the church.
Yeah, I know. It's pretty selfless
of us, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
Selfless.
Dot, dot, dot.
One soul per ground.
Church air.
One soul per ground.
Byron would be proud
to hear the music they're playing
on the radio.
On the radio today.
Put that kiss in the background.
And friends,
why, why,
why were you
unable to be at that party?
Because, because we don't have
those kind of parties in Dallas.
And because we're local.
Oh, yeah.
You have such a low self-image
that you think anyone in the same
town with you
can't be cool.
But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but.
When are you going to get over it?
Hm?
Well, the famous
and wonderful Ron Lindsay
has finally arrived.
We're going to continue this put-down
of our own local subgeniuses
next week when we get more tapes
of that Boston revival.
Oh, it was so fun.
So fun!
But, in the meantime...
Are you interested
in the strange and the unusual?
Are you curious
by the baffling and the bizarre?
